Thanks for watching this stolen content. You can like this stolen content or go watch some other stolen content on this channel
I love how you can tell just from listening how he speaks that he really likes the sound of his own voice.
the confidence with which he destroys his company and career. this is art.
The fact he’s chosen to open the competition to everyone without setting application preconditions just shows he wanted to jump on stream and swing his cocktail sausage power around at deciding who does and doesn’t get a PC. It’s so painful to watch him check everything about the potential winner live
It takes a truly cringe man to dress up like Starlord, a character designed to be an un-self aware man child
He's literally a stereo typical duechebag out of any movie. I'd love to meet this guy, i will stream his apologies for the internet if I ever encounter him.
The fact that he took the time to go through every state possible to tear down this streamers success and try to make the streamer seem insignificant is so gross
and he doesnt even realize hes in the wrong, a truly BAD person
The CEO is way too cringe...
I love seeing the joy in his eyes and his strong tone of “I’m the one in control” and now it’s all completely gone from him. How did anyone like him in the first place!?
Since that stream, the contestant in question has gained more than 30k followers.
Was he auditioning for the role of Homelander? He's being bafflingly insulting. Fucking hell.
Artesian Builds CEO *exists pompously* The Internet: That's gonna be a no from us.... dawgggg.
If this is the way he actually speaks in his real life, I pity those who have to have a conversation with him.
Bro got the star lord fit on
this guy oozes of arrogance and pompacity
when charlie said he sounds like a supervillain I thought he was exagerrating
The spinning CPU boxes really gets me russeled. This is how CEO's act behind closed doors, when considering the future of their investments.
watching him bounce around like that is so weird
And there's the REROLL. LMAO man REROLLED his company into destruction
Only the ceo should have been fired but he took 50 with him he run this company into ground
LOL this is so so much worse than I could have ever imagined when I had it described to me
so hard to watch lol how did he not realize he was being gross?
2:32 he really said "cheap shipping" 😂😂😂
Well now he doesn't have a job so that's funny. But the fact that he's cosplaying Starlord Well thinking that he Starlord is ironic at best. This is the guy that plays the victim every time. What a walking red flag. And from what I know, the competition didn't have those prerequisites mentioned in the live stream. So he literally just made that up then went to town insulting people.
I wish people would clip his left wing "values" knowing now how very capitalistic he is.
ayo can we make a gofundme for this dude to get that gaming PC he won ??? poor fuckin dude
Imagine how good this would have looked on their company helping out a small streamer
"I was trying to be generous" lmao
no way you clownin and got a starlord fit 😪
Speaking like this to your community "that's ah no from us; dog"
This is hauntingly douchy. "Prrrrrrrrged!"
Rest in pieces, Dbag builds!
Holy crap, he tears into her. Goddamn
Evil CEO stock footage
omg if he was ice cream he'd lick himself. actually im pretty sure he does anyway!!!
contradicting the whole point of a giveaway.
he reminds me so much of my old boss lmaoooo a 30 year old manchild
Damn, I understand doing this in a meeting with just company personnel but to say this on video. A lot of narcissism involved
Ugh, the way he talks about “clicks”, follower count, and using weird acronyms talking about “activity” across “socials” makes me sick. Truly a pathetic creature
I hope she's sued his company out of business.
I wish I could be a budget Starlord scumbag too.
How to tank a company in 2 minutes.
36 dislikes from 36 Artesian employees or just 36 of the CEO's account
"That's gonna be a... noooooo, from us... dooogg"
I heard the batman is looking for him. Good luck a hole!
Cheap shipping… I know who’s cheap in that statement
This guy is like season 1 micheal scott
Haha now he doesn't have a company good that POS can suffer
he reminds me of brennan's brother from step brothers
I’m so happy they went bankrupt
Glad his company tanked lol
Its very sad to see what money does to "men" and "women". But here's a straight up look at what it could be! I hope you guys feel ashamed.
This is really hard to watch
That dude's Thriller jacket looks stupid.
Maybe they don’t have a good following cause they don’t have a good pc to stream but if they got one from him they could stream and maybe be a big streamer and they get popular and artesian gets popular but he fucked it up by saying “you aren’t popular enough sucks for you Hahaha” then skipping them
ArtesianBuilds? Who are these? That's gonna be a nooooo.
Charlie sent me.
O AND DERE DA WE WOLL
how dare he wear wear mat pats jacket!!!!!!!! seriously tho this is actually bad, he really sounds so petty he sounds like he's trying to be nice to a kid that wants some of their food
You know it's wrong but they did have specific rules for the giveaway!
Kinda valid since he literally has no ambassador clicks but that's just my opinion the follower count is fucking dumb tho that shouldn't matter
Wow I hate him…
The real CEO of cringe
I need the full damn video for me to make my point about this whole situation. cutting at the parts I wanna know does not help me.
What did the guy do? Lol why is everyone so mad 😂
I honestly don't feel like what they did was that bad... like he outlines the rules for it at the beginning of the stream and she didn't comply. He was overly mean about it and didn't need to monologue but the premise of what they did for a business decision isn't that bad imo
