oh my mitch grassi-hoying ;)
JANET
LEGENDS ONLY
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww KISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Wow another Bop
OH FRICK THAT ENDING THO
OMG THIS VIDEO IS EVERYTHING
GUYGUYGUYGUY?????
Omg! I love u ❤️
I just screamed
Love it !!!! <3
YALL AINT FUNNY WITH THAT LAST PART
Brilliant !!!
Is that Janet?
GUY.EXE  Want it now!!!! PLEEASE!!!
Janet saying GUY/GUY/GUY? hells yeah.
W H Y
THE LADY AT THE BEGINNING LOOKS JUST LIKE JANET FROM THE GOOD PLACE
Mitchy you look killer in this outfit--that fits you. Scotty you look like you couldn't find pants and a jacket that fit you. Love the threads just not the fit. :-) BKK
hmm i think mitch and scott never will raise like pentatonix before, it was my opinion
Why...? Just why...!?
It pleases me that the length of this video 4:20
❤😘 ITALY
Leva noga napred mars
Juste génial, bravo, chapeau bas. 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Simplesmente amei, ficou ótima!! 😍😘\n🇧🇷
0:38 when i try to dance at parties
I could never pull off what ever he is wearing
I love this!!! My new favourite song!!! Walk the moon you are amazing - I have yet to find a song of yours that I don't love. Thank you for always making me feel happy no matter what your songs are about 👍😁❤️🌹✨🌙
My queens are back finally!!!!!! 😝😝
love this. Does this have an Empire of the Sun vibe to anyone else?
hacep anjaaayyy
Walk the moon is back!!!!!
hell yes THIS IS THE BEST THING IVE HEARED IN WEEKS
It's been too long... well it's not like I follow you guys, I just want to hear the new song
Wow, this is terrible!   I listen to music from the 80's 70's 60's and think wow how great.  The lyrics, the sound and the talent.  Much of the music that is promoted today is just awful.
Finally YES!
YEAAAAAHBOI
Not usually a fan of hit singles but this is an exception
I love you walk the moon I am 10 and I now you for 4 years
The first time I heard this song I thought it's not bad but I probably won't listen to it a lot unless it comes on the radio and now I have it on my music playlist, it's the middle of the night and the 6th time I've listened to it in the past half an hour
So many albums I want to get this year!!  \n2017!!  Damn it!  \nSo many lows, but the highs make up for bad times :)
We waited three years for new music and it was so worth it
BRAZIL LOVES YOU ! I WAS IN ROCK IN RIO CONCERT... YOU ARE AMAZING GUYS !
good video and song keep up the good work would love to see you in concert here in florida could be lots  of fun
YESSS! I always get so pumped up hearing their songs and seeing Nicholas dance.
this video looks cool and all but just imagine how hot it must've been filming w the sun and all that movement
Sick!!
284,137 views ?? really?? very little
Woooooow
Nice hair, Kev
Yes  more excellent soundtrack for my coming of age story.
Wow! Thank you Walk The Moon! Perfect as usual 💜
we missed you guys the song is amazing keep it up
[Intro]\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\n[Verse 1]\nNot a soul up ahead and nothing behind\nThere's a desert in my blood and a storm in your eyes\nAm I the king of nothing at all?\nAnd you're the queen of nothing at all\nBut I remember the fight and I forget the pain\nI got my hand in your pocket and my key in your chain\nAm I the king of nothing at all?\nAnd you're the queen of nothing at all\n[Pre-Chorus 1]\nOh, through the wilderness\nYou and I will walk into the emptiness\nOh, and my heart is a mess\nIs it the only defense against the wilderness?\n[Chorus]\nWell, cross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\n[Post-Chorus]\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n[Verse 2]\nNot a soul in the road, not a star in the sky\nIt's a desert in my heart, and nowhere to hide\nI'm your king of nothing at all\nAnd you're my queen of nothing at all\nWell, out here in the dust if you don't have trust\nAin't nothing left of us, this is the exodus\nThey're just testing us, they can't flex with us\nThey can't mess with us, they can't mess with us\n[Pre-Chorus 2]\nOh, through the wilderness\nHow come even together there can be loneliness?\nOh, our heart's a mess\nBut it's our only defense to brave the wilderness\n[Chorus]\nWell, cross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\n[Post-Chorus]\n(In the wilderness)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n[Pre-Chorus 2]\n(Well, out here in the dust)\nOh, through the wilderness\nHow come even together there can be loneliness?\nOh, our heart's a mess\nBut it's our only defense to brave the wilderness\n[Chorus]\nCross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other (hey!)\n[Post-Chorus]\n(In the wilderness)\nOne foot in front of the other (hey!)\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n[Outro]\nOh, in the so-called 'Land of the Free'\nOne foot in front of the other\nDon't you know all that we have is each other?\nOne foot in front of the other»
Super\n
I swear the leader singer completely changes his look in every music video they do.
Hearing your music/sound is exciting. Can't wait for the Aussie tour(no pressure)
I am really digging the pirate chic style that is happening here. Very peter pan and the lost boys look, but modern and sexy. I like it!
I think this music is so cool😊
Had a bad day at work... this video makes it all better. I'm all good now. 😊
WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE \n\nCAN’T WAIT FOR THE ALBUM 💕
The girl in the video is absolutely gorgeous.
So glad these guys are back. :D
WTF are they wearing? LMAO
Good workout song.
How can I press like more than million times?
Just watched you a few weeks ago and now a new song, I couldn't be happier right now
1:50 AQUAMAN
The 1975? :D
whats the white stuff on his face?
When Kevin is your cousin :)
nick's legs are just layers of those tight as fuck pants. it's just bones under
Song is alright :) liked their older stuff better
Hey  i make music myself i will appreciate if you can check it out on my YouTube channel thank you.
fucking awesome!!!!
This sounds EXACTLY like Rich Love by OneRepublic
I loved this
Y’all remember shut up and dance?!? 🖤 em
This is everything I hoped for
My teacher's son is in this band, he's the guy singing
The entire time I was watching this music video I was just waiting to see Walter White cooking meth in his underwear
Nah.
To sofrendo
welcome back!!
Not bad...♡
they are back 😘😘
Video lächerlich :-D .... Mucke eigentlich ganz interessant :-)
omg😱😱😍
Move To The google search And then Type: *gamesecrxguide instagram* Now this has been the only working instagram secret working from this month. Please don't waste the available free time in some other specific tools
what the fuck happened to WTM? \n:(\nSounds nice but they've missed something...
Like si vienes por canal 5 :v
They are the best
not fan of the music video but... holly shit... did i just hear the song of the year???
No one is going to comment on those french tickler pants??
Oh, one foot in front of the other <3
This song is fantastic!!
THis makes my heart so happy!
This is my anthem!
Finally.
My music teacher used to go to the same high school as Justin
I love walk the mooon <3
Should be on every Trump supporters phone.  Love it simply perfect for todays world.
U r fuckin underrated man,u deserve much more.
awesomeawesomeawesome\nfrom japan fan
Lyric song music is the best 😍\nThis song love life live😍
thank the lord for walk the moon
Why does this have only 266k views after 4 days?  The lyric video for the new U2 single did better than that.
That woman is absolutely beautiful wow
Obsessed with this new song!
I don't know.  Compared to their last albums, it's missing something.  That Neo-80 synth sound made them feel unique, but without them going full tilt into that sound, they sound like any run of the mill pop band today.  80's synth seems to be a fad, but by dialing it back they turned it from their sound to just another band following the trend.
Again another hit!!!!! The best band EVER <+>
This is what I call fantastic pop music!!! Fun and dance-able!!! It's not deep but it doesn't have to be!!!
WHAT A WAY TO COME BACK.
FINALLY!!!! There's been a Walk The Moon shaped hole in my life, and this song is a blast!
FINALLY SOME GOOD MUSIC IN THIS YEAR
9.5/10. Not enough shots of Eli.
this song is so catchy! I love it 🙌🏼
Look at Petreezy killing it with that rap section!
Who's here before 1 million views.
this is really good.. amazing, well done boys👍👏👏👏
Get some!
Lexus sucked hard
Fuck electric cars. Vagina wagons. Gasoline engines because noise.
annoying that Foed didn't join...
Demon vs tesla
Where is BMW??????????
Electricity 1 Gasoline 0
Why no Lambo?
Lets go 2017 Chevrolet Camaro Zl1/1LE...Team AMERICAN MUSCLE!!!
Godzilla
No dodge demon?🤔
No Demon? Lame
can't beat physics :)
CAMARO
they shoudve tested the zo6 not the grandsport
L for loser!! LMAO
Until next year\n\nSo . . . . . Hellcat Demon?????!!!!!!
NOOOO GODZILA MY FAVOURITE CAR U LET ME DOOWWWNNNNN!!!!
Hi
till next year
No BMV???? *SAD FACE*
No demon👹😡
electric cars are gay
Amazing.....
Where da lambos at?!
Damn.... soon we'll have 10- second minivans....😔
Last years r8 did 10.3 seconds
Elon musk.. Make me your test driver man !!  😔
My 2017 Kawasaki ZX-10R would hsve beat all those cars !
So the supercharged Camaro is quicker than the non supercharged Corvette then? Hardly surprising!
Lol! Modded Camaro regular cam was too weak so they had to modify it a bit
WHERE IS THE MUSTANG????????
No mustang...no like where's the mustang??
The car that won the race didn't even make a single damn noise
was waiting for this to happen
Fucking spoilers in comment section I shouldn't read these fucking comments
Gone are the days of gasoline. Long live tesla
Where the dodge challenger demon?
Ugly Tesla... one run and empty battery..And why such a bad start for the gtr..?This test is not correct.
Next add a mclaren 650s or the 675lt. Even better the new 720s
Do the next one with the Tesla model x
You have a 15,000 foot runway and still choose to only race 1/4 mile...
The editing is ridiculous and it is obvious a set up race.
I can't give the Tesla the win, it had no driver in it,added weight makes a difference, Tesla passed it at 125mph while Ferrari passed at 135.2mph with  just .1 sec difference. MAYBE top 3 but definitely NOT 1st place
They weren't prepared for the LUDICROUS SPEED
Am i the only one who thinks, this is a Tesla advertisement ???
The fact that people even have to argue about a super car being faster then a electric family sedan itself is an achievement for electric vehicle concept.
Get the corvette z06 not this one, and see the massive difference
Wow Tesla all the way !
Still not sold on electric cars, but that's mainly due to no sound, i need to hear an engine roar haha.
A tiny bit of aftermarket parts or a boost increase and a lot of those cars would destroy the tesla. Also, where was the Demon?
I love Ferrari cars and in this race the Ferrari was in 2nd place woooo🙆🙆😂🙆🙆🙆🙆 I am very happy
Until next year uuuuuu I wonder what might come \n\n\n\n\n\nThe Chiron \n? La Ferrari? \nP1?\n918? So many choices!
World's greatest drag race 8, hypercar edition. \nMake that happen
the doge demon should have been in there
Put a demon in there and let's talk
Am I drunk?\nAt 5:04 to 5:05 (from the side to the front view) we can clearly see the Tesla alone in front and the Porsche Turbo hidden behind he GTR, almost like the Porsche never launch from the start line, but at 5:06 we see the Porsche going as wild as the Tesla on the launch, going way in front of the GTR.
Where are the rest of super cars? Motor trend has so much money and this is what you got? I love motor trend but very disappointing
I waited a year for this shit and it's finally here 😀 wooo!!
Why did they use the V6 hybrid LC500 and not the V8 ??
Gota love Tesla.  I expected more from the McLaren but human error is still a thing.
can't wait for the 2nd gen roadster
When is the actual best drivers car video coming
OMG I LOVE THE GREATEST DRAG RACE VIDEOS.
The AMG E63S will finish the quarter mile in 11.2 which is faster than the 2WD AMG GTR
Worlds greatest drag race...... without last year's winner the r8. They put a Lexus and a 350hp porshe in there but not last year's winner wtf
where is the dodge demon????? certified as the fastest 0-60 and quarter mile and you dont include it?...smh
About time start calling this the worlds shittiest drag race!
Love the racing audio!
I wanna see a McLaren p1 in Greatest drag race 8
If there was a dodge demon we all now how that would go
Finally, thank you for adding this car!  Never thought I'd see the day!
well tesla's looking pretty good this time of year however my wallet's not
Loved it. Now have to wait for drag race 8 :(
What a crock of shit!   Motor Trend is so full of shit, and this is why magazines like you fail.   There is no way in hell the 488 would be that close to the p100d, NO FUCKING WAY.
Ha these guys.... both the grand sport and the ZL1 1LE are manuels with a boat load of arrow and are made for the track not the strip should have been a Z06 and a regular ZL1
I was hoping to see 2017 Ford GT the 720s and the Bugatti Chiron
still wouldnt buy tesla only b/c of its front n rear end design
Where's the Demon!!!!
Do a classic muscle race
This must be multiple cut mashed into one. At 5:04 the tesla jumps out ahead off the line but at 5:08 the same start shows the 911 taking it off the line. In other words this is all show. Might as well post the 1/4 times....
That was such a waste to put a grand sport in this race!
Disappointed where the f is the challenger demon??
yall have to keep making these videos
Every car got their ass kicked by a 4 DOOR FAMILY SEDAN!!!
Great car the Tesla. But it's so damm ugly...
They should drag race cars faster than some of these, against the Tesla Model S (P100D) such as the:\n-McLaren 720s or P1\n-Bugatti Chiron\n-Audi R8 V10 Plus\n-Rimac Concept One\n-Lamborghini Centenario\n-Koenigsegg Regera\n-Porsche 918 Spyder\n-Aston Martin Vulcan\n-Dodge Demon\n-Chevrolet Camaro Exorcist (tuned by Hennessey)
Tesla looks 7:23 like that muted version of Deadpool in Xmen Wolverine
Put the Z06 Vette in there... this drag race is BS
I'm from Vandenberg AFB
Remember a year ago, people saying Electric cars would never beat real sports cars.  Where are they now?
Give thumbs up if you like Tesla!
I think u all are overlooking the fact that the 720s is a beast. The McLaren overtook the P100 before the 1/2 mile and the P100 could barley get a car length of a lead on the 720s. Just curious if the 720 is faster than the P1 though?? Good bargain xomparing $200,000 to a mil
Now imagine that tesla with a full carbon fiber chassis and only one seat
Very surprised to think tesla will win 😑😑
I'm sure everyone that studies cars well enough saw the 100D come out and knew it was a wrap. Well done
How come we didn't get to hear the Tesla?
Let's see how it does in a race like the first greatest drag and against the winner of the Le Mans, the 2017 ford gt. It would get dusted
The production gets better every single time-new and unique
published on my birthday! :)
Looks like a fun and decent movie. Just not at all like the original. Didn't expect any remake, but it's sooo different. lol.
I want to like this 10 million times!!!!!!!!
OMG im such a big fan
Oh God, the world seriously has to be ending because I never in my life thought Id see a trailer that made me want to summon the god of chaos with my blood so badly.
Good god, Kevin Hart is terrible.
This movie already looks like something of a work of art.
Can I just say the rock is so popular he's in like every movie
I never knew I was waiting for this all along.. but yasss am I READY
Wooooooooo new jumanji movie and with the rock its gonna be the best
All the funny parts shown in the trailer
Black sea Click my YouTube Name and watch my YouTube Channel how augmented Boko Haram Freaks and Hamburg cell Germany blocked me 30 years to learn a profession and tortured. We want our HUMAN rights GG12 UN23 Kurdish EBOLA aber CONGO Aids
So I'll be honest: This looks like a B- or maybe even a C-movie. Normally I'd skip it, but the casting in this one means that I pretty much have to watch it at least once. I'm a big fan of The Rock, Jack Black, and Kevin Hart, I have a huuge celebrity crush on Karen GIllan. I just hope that if this turns out as awful as it looks that all of the actors and actresses involved get chances to perform in better movies in the future.
Simply go to google and simply type: *gexxguides* You will get the only working clash of clans working tool in the 2017
Feel block fellow press extremely pad emergency clean giant necessarily.
I'm looking forward to this movie so much!
So it's basically Tron but in a jungle.
I watch this for the 3 of you
Its Kevin heart and the rock say no more im defiantly watching lol
and then a skeleton pops out
I want him to do a movie with Steve Austin
I want to see this so bad. I love the original movie
Glad they chose to go different direction than the original, and make it their own movie! this actually looks better than I thought it would!
omg it's the actress of amy pond from doctor who im dying
Omg yesss
This looks really fucking bad
Lol
Rub some bacon on it
Why did you make this horrible movie
Sure it's stupid but it also looks entertaining and I'm gonna see it
Sooooo the board game made itself into a video game? Sounds like a stretch. I bet they added that after people complained there was no board game in the original trailer. Smart move, but not sure it'll work.
Making my favorite childhood movie a horror movie to 5 year olds
I'm watching this money it looks so good ;)
I love welcome to the jungle song
Back when I was a kid, I watched Jumanji a couple of times. This looks like nothing compared to the old film but interesting. But I'll always know Robin Williams from the old movie.
Finally the rock has made again an other video
90s Movies are being raped by Gen Z for real.
they had me at karen gillan
Not the same without robin williams.
Pure shills people in the comment section.
OML SOOOOO FUNNY
I wish Robin was around to do a cameo.  I miss him.
Nothing will beat the original but this looks interesting
Do you still loke Wwe and do you like John cena
its 2017 its obvious game style changed ...dont just look at old style of game
Jack Black has a bow tie?....... Bow ties are cool\n\n\n\n\n\nI'll leave
I was hoping we’d see some giant spiders or three headed fish
now its just a bad creepy pasta
Is that Amy Pond?
I'll only watch this for Karen Gillan.
That good to be the best movie
lmao they all changed except the nigger. Once a nigger always a nigger i guess.
i can't wait for it :D :D it's pretty fuckin awsome
School nerdy, virgin girl finds herself in the body of a hot woman - she'll be shagging everything. Oh, it's a family picture so maybe she won't.
noo...a modernized version of a board game becoming a computer game...this ain't what Jumanji is about -.-
was worried this was redoing the Robin Williams movie, actually this looks pretty good
So the board game turned into a video game? And did they try to imitate the scene in Jurassic world where Chris Pratt is riding his motorcycle with the raptors
When does this come out??\nand is the main guy (the guy who burried it the first time)(actor of genie) okay or Is he dead?
Why do they have to remake movies nowadays they make them evil? And they have swear words in them too and they have kids watching them that's wrong.
The usual illumanti owned actors getting millionaire movie roles..
this is the dumbest shit i have seen this year  wtf leave jumanji alone this is garbage
Nothing is original anymore, just reboot after reboot
Son base somewhat suspect ours slightly dark much.
Who else really really wants to watch this movie and can't wait for it to come out
very wwoo the rock king
Not gonna lie, that lineup is stacked :)
Can you smell what the rock is cooking
I do think the film will good, but in my opinion I think it takes away a bit Robbin Williams legacy of making a Jumanji 2
The Jumanji sequel looks like it SUCKS!
Pretty reveal cry sweep support than just dirt consistently achievement consume bench.
madou wollo
Can’t wait
Nice
CAN 👏🏼 NOT 👏🏼 WAIT!!! 🤙🏽🤙🏽🤙🏽
veer nice
Your the best
Good God no cake
Rip robin williams :(
Aha quita y plque
Karen :3 ufff cute girl sexy
This movie will suck
Cool\nNice
Hola
yeah...no thanks
No
They killed Kevin Hart with... diabetes? WTF?!
SAO? xD
This is gay
+Amir Hadzic
Cool film
This movie has only one thing going for it.. Jack Black..
The rock can only act as the rock. His range fucking blows. Plus Kevin Hart to top off this shit sandwich. That movie about those dumbasses stuck in a pool is starting to look pretty good rn.
I like this trailer but I really want to see a movie about how the game is Created in the first place! Who's with me?!
Karen Gillan's flat tummy. I'm in love.
Kevin hart and the rock? Fine! I'll go!
KEVIN HART IS A LEGEND!
Cant wait to come out
Another cheesy rock movie with his pal Kevin hart
Why even have a fucking Mary Sue of a character with no fucking weakness while having a character that *HAS NO GOOD STRENGTHS AND FUCKING CAKE KILLS???* \nIs this fucking Overwatch?
Cool trailer.
watching it
Continue the simulation by entering the Kurzgesagt Reality: https://youtu.be/tlTKTTt47WE
1:10 The Blue and Red Pill. Excellent Reference.
Jake, thanks for doing this. I was unaware of Kurzgesagt. Very nice channel I think anyone who's a fan of Vsauce would dig.
Song at the end?
this is to real to tell people the think ur crazy but yet people believe in god ...............
Deep down , I've always thought we were in a simulation.
I was a random on the character creation...
I love this.  But I remain annoyed about those that worry that they are a simulation.  I'm annoyed and worried about those that are worried...\nQ's to be A'd are very well and good.\nI'm a Sim.  I'm a Sim in the game that Gawd is playing only while she's drunk.  It's a bad game.\nBut it's MY game they're playing.  No matter whether I'm real or not.  This is MY real.  This is OUR real.  Worry not about your actuality.\n\nAlso, good show, Vsauce3.
Yes, I am in a game, and being controlled to do so. I can escape and find my freedom like in the movie Gamer. But my objective is to become immortal once again and find what I call my Hueverse. My world.
I have always thought about this.
*When your on drugs*
2:18\n\nSo the incredibly complex atoms programmed themselves? Do explain.
This comment is a simulating of me commenting a video of someone talking about simulation
I'm going to hang myself
I believe in last thursdayism, prove me wrong!
Then how would you explain glitches?
Imagine watching this video as high as an airplane.
what if all 3 Vsauces were people from the actual world.
In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulaIn a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, tion, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation, In a simulation, of a simulation, in a simulation, of a simulation,
Im gonna make a Sim version of you. This way if the theory pro es correct there will be a sim you controlled by a simulater human controlled by another simulated human.\n\nSIMCEPTION!
This theory proves God and spiritual realm
Maybe the universe is expanding because it's not done loading. Mind blown.
Watch Part 2 on Vsauce 3, Watch Part 2 on Kurzgesagt... I'm lost... is this real ? Is any link real ???
please give me crack to be god mode.
You're in a simulation inside a simulation inside the matrix inside a TACO THATS IN A TACO WITHIN A TACOBELL THATS IN A KFC THATS IN A MALL THATS IN SIDE YOUR DREAM!!! Inside another GIANT simulation!!!
i got simulated by person who likes tim burton
I think. Therefore, I am.
But who are the players then? Us? \nAnd why do we dream? That's not really useful to a simulation is that a glitch?
what if they are monitoring us and eventually pick  a couple of people to transfer their 'AI' (brain) into a robot in their reality, to see how we would act?
So I'm in a Video Game in which I play other Video Games like Pokemon and in that game other characters play games.
I NEED to know the name of the song at 2:08
I’m the simulation when you try to make the weirdest looking character
Jake, dude, I love your videos.  The music, the presentation, your enthusiasm, it's all so engaging.  Thanks brother.
how can irrational numbers such as Pi exist. Pi doesn't have an end it can go on forever. would those who created our simulation have infinate storage? How do believers of the simulation theory see these things? BTW great word man keep it up
Reality is a lie.
I live in a simulation of fcked up life with plenty of bugs. Curses and blame on beta-testers who failed with their job.
Could I hack reality then? Are there bugs in our simulation?
Mmh... This makes you think if the universe is expanding and the universe is a simulation, so the universe is probably still loading (as mentioned in the video). If such is true, then logically, the center of the universe is where all the information bursts in. So! If anyone would want to verify that idea, one would have to go there to verify (impossible with our current technology, I know), and if anyone would want to end the universe/simulation, one would just have to explode that very point. (Because that point is the weakest point of the universe due to all the data processing it would be doing.) No?
This exactly what I have been thinking to my self!!!!!!
Would the simulation allow us to figure out we’re in the simulation ?
so its a simulation\ninside a simulation\ninside a simulation
Go watch The Thirteenth Floor. Brilliant film, deals with this sort of stuff.
+Vsauce3\nYo ummm I have a widows peak as you do and I am gonna go bold pretty quick, what should I do. I'm guessing you have the same problem lmao
I will be very happy if you make a video of changes of  watching the video  now , from starting the universe , bigbang , milkyway galaxy , soler system , bla bla bla to the person watching now , with respect to time , i will be happy if i will informed or with a respond , thank you.
no, but you are subject to the fundamental forces, of which simulations are an imitation
I've thought this was the case ever since I took acid.
This is really scary since i always drowned my unsatisfied guests in Rollercoaster Tycoon
As a believer in God, the simulation theory empowers the concept of God and creation to me. The miracles that happened on the days of moses, jesus and mohammad haven't had happened except with an alteration to our  simulation
What If they just press alt-f4?
Simulation theory (aka humankind 2.0) describes physical laws/limitations we have quite perfectly.
No mention of the matrix?
Religion has been telling us this for a long time!
Of all the possibilities, I ended up in this simulation!!! I could've been in Skyrim lol. On the other hand, my computer has GREAT graphics. :-)
Jake's random pauses are growing out of \n_stares_\ncontrol
I have never seen so many teens yapping pseudo-intellectual thoughts as in this comment section. The video was ridiculous as well. Unsubscribed.
i love how i only just recently found Kurzgesagt and now they're doing a video with the vsauce ive known and loved for awhile and even though im new i immediately recognized the voice of Kurzgesagt
hay vsause3,how much kinetic energy did the guards experience when quicksilver tap them in the mouth
The dude that simulated me must have hit random on character creation
Man this guy sure has big room! Id' love to see the rest of his house!
Your where in a simulation inside a simulation inside of another simulation. Now I know the recipe for concentrated darkmater.
Being ran * btw you have a creator. And there was no big bang. The Earth is a toroidal plane where that which is above is also below,  just the manifestations of Yin and Yang... The flat Earth symbol.
So what is birth?
What if sleep is just down time for maintenance and when we wake up we have a new patched version of our simulated reality?
Calling it right now...\nthisi si going to be on YOUTUBE REWIND
Last night I glitched through a wall, the guy who programmed my world must be one of the CSGO devs lol
We are all just in ricks car engine
Actuall the argument of Neil deGrasse Tyson makes no sense. Assuming that we are in a simulation because there are so many simulations that the chance of living in a simulation is far bigger than being the first civilisation which created the others. We do not have simulations of other beeings and therfore we would be the last simulated civilisation in that imaginary chain, which would be same likelyhood as being the one which created the first civilisation
I just might be in the Chicago experiment from Divergent.
yo imagine they are running a simulation of past to fix something😯😯😯
I hate how you guys pause before the last word in some sentences.
could be they simulated it from the big bang with the laws of physics programmed to match their own to see how a similar life form would evolve
M Night Shamalians
<insert Matrix reference here>
Awesome video guys!
Humanity is so Naive...
with mirrors lol
we are npcs
It be rough to imagine  this idea. We have organs and guts
And um... ya deja vu ... I swear that just happened lol
Lightspeed=renderspeed??
Very interesting once again jake!!
But if we're simulations,then we must worship the creator or do whatever we want
The idea of a god is ridiculous but we are a simulation.... Atheists...
Even if this was a simulation, so what?  What does that change about how we live our lives?
Shout out to Jay Pellizzi for that music at the end. That some good 80's synth...as in synthetic
why am I watching this right before bed
Have you heard about god? Its kinda possible if you try to understand about god *duh
well
only GOD CAN JUGE
*hits blunt
No.
Reality is Poison!
Soo.... the matrix
My head hurts
Plato != Play-Doh
tiege hanley
Yeah.\n\n\n\n\nSeriously
No
Derealization triggered
Did he say sinulation ?
I'm so excited about your music♡ always makes me think about ma dread wolf
Who is not here before 1 million
Meanwhile Lauv rose to such heights in such a short time😍❤ he's truly captivating and all his songs are js calming and soothening.
Un air de Ariana Grande - One More Time, non ? 🤔
lauv why would u do this to urself bby
That Drop was really unique and got me to dance...its really an awesome song to hear😍🤘🤘🤘
the drop ruined it for me
vsauce please make a video to explain why there are 1004 dislikes in this video
A different way \n\n\nOf music too
NO WAYYYYYY!!! 😭😭💖 congratulations to Lauv for finally getting the recognition he deserves!! 🍾
in love with drop!
meh i dont llike the drop beat but i do like Lauv's part
he is going in the path of skrillex
This song is amazing, i don't think the drop is bad, just not what i expected, not generic, very original. I respect that!
Am just gonna find some good remix so that i can listen to Lauv with a good beat. Okay.
He is a master of vocal chops.
Listen to did you see cover (jhus) on my channel guys
if you like soca music, you can really appreciate the drop
starting tune feels like shape of you starting
Me listening to this the first time: Wtf is this -_-\nMe now: Omg I'm addicted😍
This song is just beautiful.
I don't personally like this song, but I'm a huge fan of Lauv and I'm glad this song will get him some of the recognition he deserves!
So, he blew up, didn't he?
When DJ snakes post a new song we have a party
Lauv got what he deserves loving lauv all his song for I like me better to other all.. damn this guy is insane and DJ snake a perfect sync with the vocals I don't expect any other singer singing this song better than lauv
Sorry for those who Will Listen the Song after it goes Popular!
See You in 50.000.000 mn :)
I wasn't expecting that drop
The beat dropped in a different way
DJ Snake - A Different Way
Hey, I'm sorry for this kind of promo but it's the only thing that works... So I'm a producer and it would make my day if only one or two persons can listen to my latest song and give me feedbacks :) Thank you for your time and attention.
Collaboration from my favorites feels like 🔥 🔥
Honestly there should be a remix with like a new like usual drop because I like it even though it’s repetitive not trashing the song the drop is unique but I really like the usual drops
I'm not subscribed and got it in my notifications the songs good but is YouTube forcing it onto people?
I really want to remix this; the beat drop is so disappointing in my opinion.
Waiting for official video!!!
Is it just me or the beginning beat sounds like Ariana grande's One Last Time ? It's still great tho❤️
1:03 best part of song
Pewdiepie : the grandpa of youtube\nLogan paul : the dad of youtube\nJake paul : the clown of youtube\nRicegum : the cool brother of youtube\nNigahiga : the old brother of youtube\nJenna marbles : the mom of youtube\nJustin bieber : the singer of youtube\nShane dawson : the young brother of youtube\nNikki and gabi : thd sisters of youtube\nReply below which is the best youtube familiy in your opinion ?
Verses and chorus are ok, drop is shit 😂😂😂
Finally! DJ Snake has been quiet until now.
I always dance when this beat drops it's so unexpected!
Oh yeah!! This is the reason why DJ Snake inspired me so much! . Someday my music will also be heard! :D someday ...
For me,Snake is currently the best producer in the world right now.
This song is a banger Like if you agree
When you clicked the video to see the cover art clearly
See you soon in Lollapalooza ARGENTINA!!!
i luv this songs
Lauv !!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3
Drop : eihd eiaiso#~!djw1roejsn@^^+&!&@+
Dj snake sacándosela otra vez.
I adore this song!
🔥🔥🔥
Did you just fucking say Lauv?
l love it
1 million views yiyah
😍😍😍
The DJ Snake 🐍 Magic
Gas 👌
Worth waiting
Epic
Superb song
How?why?😱😱😱fukin dammm💥💥💥
This music make my mom twerk
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
ii loveeeeeeeeeee this music
the best😍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll_w-wGE7fQ
Parece que esta cantando hotspanish en el coro 😂😂
Best part 2:53 😍
Sickk🔥
Amazing
Summer JAMMMM 😍😍😍 DJ snake killing it again 👏👏👏👏
Tunak tunak tun tunak tunak tun drop ruined it ffs.
This collab is amazing ! LAUV <3
egypt
Lauv!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ahh! <3
BABY
Todo lo de DJ Snake siempre es bueno!
that drop !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Snake hmu!!! dopeass song man!!
La peor canción q ha echo dj snake, la ubiera echo mejor
Cool . Luv this song from lauv
guys check my tracks
Lauv👌👌
<3 <3 <3
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Lauv ?
🔥🔥🔥👌
LAUUUUUUV <3
Hermoso <3
DJ Snake Lauv A Diffrent Way\nWow
LAUV GETS THE RECOGNITION!
I lauv dj snake
good song
Mario Sube el Camino
MR KRABBB DUBABDIBUPAP
Lauv
I Lauv tous song
A different Love\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Tyd7YlB4Uho
I could tell the difference between them 😂
🌺.          🌺.        🌺🌺🌺🌺.     🌺.               🌺.             🌺🌺🌺🌺\n🌺.          🌺.        🌺.                      🌺.              🌺.             🌺.          🌺\n🌺.          🌺.        🌺.                      🌺.              🌺.             🌺.          🌺\n🌺.          🌺.        🌺.                      🌺.              🌺.             🌺.         🌺\n🌺🌺🌺🌺.        🌺🌺🌺🌺.     🌺.               🌺.             🌺.         🌺\n🌺.          🌺.        🌺.                     🌺.               🌺.              🌺.        🌺\n🌺.          🌺.        🌺.                      🌺.              🌺.             🌺.         🌺\n🌺.          🌺.        🌺.                      🌺.              🌺.             🌺.         🌺\n🌺.          🌺.        🌺🌺🌺🌺.     🌺🌺🌺.    🌺🌺🌺.   🌺🌺🌺🌺
Holy shit they’re beautiful 😙
They didn't switch purses
do the gymnastics challange with annie leblanc
tylers gayyyy
GMM POSTER!
Omg who else saw the GMM poster
Lol that anination
Sculpt those eyebrows woman.
Loved it
I WAS AT THE GROVE THE OTHER DAY!!!
And they had different bags
I WANT OLD RACHEL BACK😫
Subscribe no homework for life
When I turn 10 I'm going to get a boyfriend and I'm going to get a car
Wait guys I havent watched her channel in ages?? Wen did she get a new man? Im so lost
I miss Isic
What the heck haha
😂💀😭
i miss your DIY
They're bad actors 👍🏻
is racheal’s boyfriend changed?
love love love these vlogs
That was awesome!!
He
MERREL TWINS, I CLICK!!
LOL! DA BEST PRANK EVER! 🤣😜😝😂
The Grove
JANE THE VIRGIN TWINS!!
thanks to Veronica FOR PUTTING A STAIN ON HER SHIRT lol jk
Who else noticed the guava juice box
Is it me or does rclbeauty remind me of dua lips???
She has a different boyfriend now?
When they were at the coffee place the guy with the turtle back pack
Am i the only one who thinks they don't exactly look alike?
I WANT TWIN TOO\n\n█▬█ █ ▀█▀ LIKE
The advantages of having a twin
Finally u collab with the merrell twins!
for some reason i can tell them apart
Can u come to lake Elsinore
Ohhhhhhhhhh right, I forgot you were done with that other guy.
my name is Veronica, my older sister is named Vanessa
crazy how i cant even tell them apart me and my twin are identical and we dont look that similar
Is it just me or is Tyler flirting with the twin (s)
i also thought that you guys didnt switch bags
They should've done it with twins who exactly look like each other lol but the merrell twins did awesome😂😀
(a love story of marley and cole)\ncole why don't you love me any more\nmarley yes I do\ncole do you look at any other boys besides me\nmarley no never\ncole do you hope to get married with me some day\nmarley I hope to\ncole are you gonna break up with me\nmarley no\ncole do you love me \nmarley yes\ncole do you look at guys\nmarley ...\nread it back wards wow twisted
Like If I Tricked U\n\n\n\n\n*Read More*
You and your other boyfriend were better
Wow did he even know
Please follow me on Instagram and like all my pictures 🙏🏻 allymaibell
Did anyone noticed that they are wearing different earrings?😂
omg someone sould do it with lisa and lena
Do that with Brooklyn and Bailey
Oh my goodness Rachel I was in America on 21 September and I was at the grove \nP.s iam from australia
Who saw a guava juice giant box
Heyyy rclbeauty
The twins are beautiful
There is a guava juice box in the background 😃😃😃😃
The tiny people comix are CUTE😍
Did u break up with isic
I love their smiles
Meet the Dobre twins
isnt isac your boyfriend
Qlso
What happend to her sn Isic
Tyler should do that with the Dolan twins like if you agree
I want the DIYS and the IF SUPERHEROES WENT TO SCHOOL back/more \nLike if you agree
OMGOMGOMG THEY MADE A COLLAAABBBB!!! MY FAV YTBERS IN ONE VIDEO! Fr
Love coffe
W
Vanessa is taller
YES MERRELL TWINS OMG YAY
WAIT WHERES THE OTHER GUY GONE
There so pretty😍
HAHAHAHAHAH 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Oh I laughed so hard
OMG😗😗😗
Omg! Now do a collab with the Dolan Twins
She broke up with her old boyfriend?!? I never knew
Go to the Dolan Twin Warehouse
Couldn't have clicked on a video any quicker!!😊 so funny!!
As there tends to be in a farmers market sammeee like that sarcasm tho
are those the kids from Jane the virgin ?
I can tell them a part since I watch they the firt time cuz I have a twin friend too so that easy for me
I thought your boyfriend was Isac
Can u do a collab with liza koshy
Idk why but it kinda seemed like Tyler was flirting with the twins
Omg they are from Jane the virgin
I loved the twins in the standoff!!!
1st \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNumber of pie is 3
I would have definitely find out the first time, they don't look that much alike. But that was a really fun video !
I love her animation in the middle it was so cute
I would've caught them cos i know them\n\nLike if u agree
Who was rec?
Wait did he go to the Brewers game cause I was there and I fell like I saw him
OMG MERREL TWIN!!!!!
You can always tell who nessi is. Hey cute dimples!
Poor Roni had to leave when they were getting smokers.
What a great interview. You both did a great job. Honest, relaxed and natural. Well done!👍👍
The most wonderful interview, loved every minute of this - felt so natural and relaxed, and Victoria is AMAZING! I feel like I've never really heard her speak at length before and she was so warm and genuinely lovely when you were talking about your kids Nic, and she's clearly so passionate about this collaboration. Wonderfully done by all involved!
She seems unable to just answer questions , royalty eh !!!!!
Victoria seems so sweet and genuine
Why is she so amazing??
I liked the interview..  However I feel like they didn't really explain or present the makeup well enough..  Couldn't really see swatches or get a good look at the products.
No knighthood dear
Victoria Beckham is legit the moist poise lady of the decade, love her!
I love everyone's outfits especially Nic's. Would love to know where your top is from 😍
Really enjoyed this interview. VB seemed comfortable and relaxed. Sam and Nic do great interviews. Products are backordered in the US, but I will look on my next UK and or NYC trip.
The shades of blue are exceptionally beautiful.  
Can't finish this video, Victoria's line just doesn't seem original, and it's very overpriced. Plus she's not really answering the questions and the rearranging of her dress to show off her legs. Aye, I'm done.
Really loved this video, so chatty and relaxed, you ladies did an amazing job and Victoria seemed very comfortable too. Xxx
Awesome!! I think I may do an impression of Vicky x
That was a really real interview and it looks like a conversation between friends. Very good job!
Who are those two other women? Is it bc I'm American I don't know who they are? 🙈
VICTORIAAAA!!! I love this video! So amazing to see you gals with her. Thank you for doing this, it was so nice to watch. I can't really afford her makeup, but if i would buy something from her line, I'd get the powder. Love that product even if I haven't tried it yet. Haha!
Victoria is such a wonderful hard working woman, role model to me XO
Victoria is dull as dish water borrrrrrring
She got the OBE in
So casual Victoria is really lovely lady 👑✨
Look at them...listening Like they care.good job!!
Loved this so much, one of the best interview I've seen with VB, it came across very natural. Well done ladies! Loved hearing about the products too, it looks like a beautiful collection. xx
I never knew Victoria was friendly as she always seemed snobbish.
Nic. Girl. Please. you gotta lay off putting the contour and blush too far into the interior of your face. Otherwise you just keep on being awesome ❤️
I like how approachable and down-to-earth she comes across here, I've not seen that for many years with her.
Although I have watched many video's reviewing this new product line, I appreciated the personal and authentic interaction with the creator. Very nice.
Thank you for this amazing interview.
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
The very first time i saw Victoria spoke in casual but still glamorous!!,
Nic, your nail colour is AMAZING. May I ask what you have on? Love your videos ladies! xxx
Oh, how I love this British accent... Can listen to you for hours :-D
£36 for a mascara ... I hope she uses the profit to do something good for the society.
To be honest. I cannot stand her. It is all about her status and proving how posh she is. Constantly showing off how rich she is and how everything must be refined. There is a type of British women like that that are only busy with showing off how perfect they are. When in fact they are insecure, confused and talentless.
omg she is so all selfcentred it is painful to watch! boooooooring!
Are these make-up products only available in the U.K.?
I love this video!! Thanks for interviewing Victoria!!
Oh gosh, her makeup is way to expensive,  there is better and  way cheaper makeup out there, I can't stand her,what a joke!!she thinks she is high class!!
I wonder if the Stygian gloom was a request from Victoria, so the viewers can't see her properly. Couldn't watch to the end, I'm afraid, on account of this and her facade. I don't have any aspirations to buy her collaboration with Ester Lauder.
Hands up if you're going to watch This Is 40 right now
Victoria is so natural and down to earth. LOVE HER!!!!!!
I love Victoria!!! Great interview! Thanks :)
I really like the lighting in this video. I have an app on my phone to make the screen even darker because youtubers always over expose. My eyes are very sensitive to light. Lovely having a dark video to look at, much more soothing.
Boys wear make up too.. just sayin' ✌🏼
woooowwwww
Shallow conversation and fake woman
Ahh Heather Shimmer! Remember that well!
Fabulous \nAuthor Keera Ashton !
Tatis's jealous
Style icon=V's grey shadow. WTF?
Why so much nose touching?
My idol
Haha heather shimmer I had that too
Heather shimmer and coffee shimmer haha omg a blast from past
I loved this so much, it was just such a nice casual conversation & you seemed to get on so well with Victoria which made it really lovely to watch.
i really liked this. they are very successful as well and in the same point in their lives with kids so it felt very natural for them to just chat to victoria. really nice. didnt seem 'forced' in any way.
This was such a good video!!
This is by far my favourite video of Victoria. She seems super relaxed with  Sam & Nic! Loved this interview x
I really REALLy enjoyed this video and your chat with Victoria! You are all so lovely, down to earth and gorgeous!
Oh my gosh! You ladies are so lucky! I'm sure it was surreal!
Sams hair is gorgeous 💗
Amazing ❤️
Amazing interview, so natural and lovely! :)
I loved the way Victoria came across.  She seems like a lovely person to know, quite fun and down to earth in her world.
I love this so so muchhhhh 💜
I love Samantha and Nicola, but I won't be buying Victoria's makeup line.  She is shallow and self obsessed.  And the blatant spin, \nOMG.Indeed Mum Judy is more of an inspiration than this woman.
She's a really nice lady, great interview
Great video ❤️👏🏾🙌🏾
Wow ! Victoria is so lovely ! I always thought she was glamorous but I didn't expect her to be so real and warm ! Great video girls, always love you two !❤️
Loved it but the lighting is really dark :/
Amazing video! Victoria is actually so normal and down to earth! Loved this!
I love this side to her she came across like someone i would like to be friends with lol - and of course you guys are always so natural and seem to make everyone feel so relaxed :)
ME, ME, ME 🙉 I'm not going to answer any questions properly and I'm just going to talk about MY products 😴 BORING! 👎🏻
i've seen your interview with kim kardashian and victoria is so modest and humble and so nice person after kim❤️culture and intellect is everything
I LOVED this! So lovely to see a nice chat instead of a scripted advert!
Twilight teaser was a Rimmel  lipstick  I had one!
Thanks for the interview girls! Three amazing women!!!!!!❤️🌺
Great Video Sam and Nick! You three appeared as if you were friends forever. So good to see the products also, I'm tempted to try out the mascara definitely if not anything else.
Beautiful lighting and wonderful interview ❤️ thank you ladies ✌🏼
Sam you look absolutely stunning in this. I love your whole outfit ❤️
Good job girls, this felt really chilled and fun. Love a bit of posh spice! xx
Loved this and love you two!
Excellent. Casual and so classy . All three ladies are so  beautiful. Great role models for women . really enjoyed watching this.
All 3 of you are amazing! ❤❤❤
We love this! Definitely a candid and easy to watch conversation!!
LOVEED THIS VIDEO! So authentic and real!! Keep up the amazing work you guys are doing ❤️
Love how it went soo smooth nothing awkward such nice ppl!❤️
Loved this video!! I could watch you three all day💗😁
OMG I love all their accents! 😍😍😍😭😭
Creepy thumbnail!
Omg guys!!! Love love loveeeeed this
I loooved this interview!!!!
Well done, nice interview
loved it! :D
Absolutely loved this!!!!
amazing video loved it x
I love their brushes
Love love love this interview!
It was really  nice to see Victoria so relaxed and at ease. She was very kind and lovely. I wish the lighting would've been a bit better and that we could see the products more up close though! Thank you so much for this wonderful interview!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Has nic had a breast reduction? Would love to see a vid on her experience if so...!
Looks like people missed the point of this video. This video is NOT a persuasive video. It is an informative video. It provides solace for those who willingly do not want to have kids by providing science behind why their decision is sound and/or beneficial. It is not bashing on people who have kids, nor is it telling you, you shouldn't have kids, it's saying that if you do not want kids, that's cool, here's some science to back you up. I honestly do not get why everyone is getting worked up over this.
For every white woman who chooses not to have a kid for the good of humanity (lol) there are two pregnant negro women in Africa expecting their 9th.
Thank God you two selfish wastes of oxegen won't spawn.
You guys should advice middle east tot to have babies. They grow like sarsour
I swear to God if I hear one more moron mention the wage gap.....
Gawd. Who the fuck goes around telling people not to have kids? GTFO
Well....rename the title to, Why WE won't have kids...much more accurate
Omg everyone in the comments here are fucking stupid, yet these are the people having kids 🙃🙃🙃
when I do want a child I'm pretty sure I want to adopt because so many children want and need to be adopted but everyone needs their children ALL to be blood
have fun dying alone because you were to selfish to fulfill your biological imperative
How is the statistic about men earning 15% more BECAUSE they have a kid backed up? I can see potential confounded variables, like perhaps those in the study who had kids happened to be generally older and thus more experienced in their fields which caused the increased pay while the kid just happened to also be true. Sounds like some serious p hacking was involved in some of these stats.
Jesus fucking Christ I feel bad for them, people keep misunderstanding what this video is about...
We whites need to have MORE kids not less, straight kids who know how to be a man or a woman and not some LGBT mouth peice. These two butt buddies are deemed worthless by nature and they simply can't handle being a genetic deadend it seems. This is the type of propaganda that needs to be weeded out.
you should take your own advice at the start of this video and basically not tell people they should not have kids also this video was just one giant confirmation bias on your part. if you want to spend your life getting drunk and frequenting bathhouses that is your own business don't tell others what they should do you freaking drama queens.
there are levels of stupidity you don't exceed .. Unfortunately, these 2 have exceeded all of those levels.
Could we see some sources on that evidence?
Just because you can't have kids doesn't mean you should tell the rest of us what to do. Biased as hell
So much idiocracy in this comment section. Smdh
Whay to misuse data.\nWhen a relationship is in trouble having a child is never a good idea.\nBeing a counsellor I can assure you the use of this noted data point is intellectual dishonesty.\nThe rest is complete BS.\n\nSo have no kids... lets see how that works in the long run.
This stuff is extremely factually incorrect and incomplete, they are using selective data to dissuade the 1st world from reproducing, it's literally lying by omission and using selective data that in a lot of cases is not accurate in representing the hypothesis AND has faulty methods. Also, the 1st worlds population is already decreasing... while the 3rd world is booming.
Like I guess I'm gonna be like Jennifer Lopez in the one movie where she gets artificially inseminated lol
To be completely honest. I have hated children since I was a child, and any desires to have one is further stomped out by observing awful people are. No thanks. I also look at people with a child before 30 and see it as a big mistake because you can do so much with your life still!
This really sounds like a couple of whiny bitches, bitching about the fact they're not allowed to have children.  My guess is cause you're both so astoundingly stupid, they saw you were no good.
Do you two idiots realise that if people stop having kids humans will go extinct?
Anyone that listens to anything these idiots say shouldn't be allowed to breed.  These morons are trying to help in the fall of western civilization.  Fucking assholes
This is absolutely idiotic. Sjw bullshit propaganda is all this is.
Just because you two don't have a soul doesn't mean everyone else doesn't. I really hate kids and they annoy me but I still wanna be a father some day.
You know who should have less kids? Peoples in 3rd world countries. In Africa by 2050 it's population will increase dramatically causing conditions like India has, causing more people to immigrate to forgein countries causing more rapes murders and degradation of civilized society.
homosexuality is a mental disease
Based o the comments section it seems like only morons are having children.
well you two have certainly taken yourselves out of the gene pool, thank god! but procreating ensures the survival of our species. that is actual science for you and not your confirmation bias science that says having kids is hard and you shouldn't do anything that is hard, everything should be handed to you I guess.
You guys don't bring up the correct reasons to not have kids, just silly superficial reasons.
One white kid in america will contribute more to humanity than 25 million kids from the third world ever will. \n\nYou can't create a space-faring people with people who can't even make the printing press and their children will throw you off a roof and smile while they do it.
What a crock, most of this video begins with a  vague statistic and rolls onto opinion rather than fact. You can dress your opinions up as fact if you want, but it's not really cool :\
How about you stop talking about something you have no idea about, and let those who have children talk about the experience. I may have done many good things and bad things in my life, but my son is the best thing I've ever done, despite the difficulties, and there's no science explaining that it was a mistake.
So I have a choice between two life styles. Get married and have kids and not be lonely. Or be single with freedom but be lonely and depressed as fuck. It boils down to which cup of shit you want. Pick your shit cause it sucks in both angles.
Hundreds (if not thousands) of years of your family line come to an end with the both of you. I'm very ok with that. Weak genes shouldn't propagate. \nSo  to the two of you I say: please, don't have kids! That way you'll have no one to pass your misguided ideals on to and no way to influence future generations with your nonsense.\n\nTo those watching this video who are presently in a monogamous heterosexual union. Ignore these pandas. Their idiocy leads to extinction. We are designed as a species to propagate. You owe yourself and your ancestors more than a selfish hedonistic existence. Children are a gift to the future and a blessing in the present. I know because I have two. Go make some of your own. You won't regret it, I promise!
What the actual banana. Slowly lower the population of all westerners!!!!
Why is this in my subs section
Used to love this channel, but, get fucked
we cant get kids and now we have to make shit up to get used to not having kids so we make a video reasons why kids are not nessesary its fuckin pathetic haha
Is more like excuse I'm hearing from you guys if you don't want to care just be honest about it don't put science into this it's just bullshit what I'm smelling right now
Proof that the Progressive left are actually the most materialistic and self-absorbed people on the planet, and they harbor resentment for anyone who is able to buy more stuff than they can.
Fucking hell, i6's always my favorite channela that are taken over by the liberal agenda of thwir creators.
Fuck you,  did u know that the rate of death is higher than birth? Hoe the fuck are youhelping the world whem you want us to end even quicker? Sure kids may be a bit of a hassle but thats always gonna happen when you raise somehing that is living,  plus every living thing's main goal in life, which we think uncounciously,  is the have kids and keep the poulation going. If you don't wanna have kids then don't have sex,  sex wasnt really meant for fun it was meant for reproduction,  it feels good so that we keep doing it.  Plus most of your arguements are just petty tbh. I guess the reason you dont want kids is because you dont want to see straight do what is naturally right. Fuck u and burn i Hell
How would u know, u fuck in da asshole
Greg's and Mitch's SJW fever is gone FULL SWING, it's official now!
Thank god you two can't reproduce.
Perfect video if one is looking for a shallow life that is self centered
So basically you want us to extinct eventually ???
lol after you changed from animation its a goodbye to this channel
*Why you shouldn't be making videos! There... fixed it for you!
Never want kids. I rather help fix this world first then bring something I love into something I don't love
Thank you for this video! People are always judging me about my decision not to have kids. I appreciate something that does not judge that and provides good explanations (those people won't listen to anyway...but it's worth a shot I guess).
Says “Its no ones place to tell you whether or not you should have a kid”\n\nLiterally this whole video 😂 sucks when you cant procreate, so you gotta discourage it to make yourself feel better
are the homo's sad because they can't have kids :'(
oi vey not me shekels. Fak off u cunts. gtfo out of canada and go elsewhere.
Yeah... why not just you guys go with this advice.
Do you wish your parents relied on scientific anti-kids data?  Mitch I liked you on Big Brother Canada but this is ridiculous and so biased.  Do you have stats on your popularity decline?
The big question is which one of you is the pitcher and which one is the catcher
Call me a killjoy, but I think that because this is not to my taste, no one else should be able to enjoy it
Having kids is hard. Lol no shit.
I don't think it's fair to compare 70 + years of carbon foot printer to the five years kids in Haiti live before they're sacrificed to the witch doctor.
It's no one's place. Wouldn't that include the two of you???????????
Nature made you fear the V because your genes are not worth passing on.
And albeit you both don't have a degree in biology and another field of study in science also so yeah to this I say retardation at it's finest qhen you both started speaking out of your asses
Meanwhile, on the Muslim side of YouTube: ''Why You Should Have At Least 10 Kids''. And that, my friends, is what we call white genocide!
G A Y G E N O C I D E
I've lost all respect for you guys. This video just scientifically backs are the obvious labor of having a kid, when in fact there are Harder and less rewarding things in life. You guys are bias af and just want people to feel victimized. Unsubbed lmao
Yes, come on goys don't have children, don't worry about the population decline we'll just import third worlders to help with the population decline.
its immoral to have kids anyway. bringing people into this world knowing they will suffer for your selfish needs of procreation.
Apparantly these two idiote do not get the reason why we were set on this earth and some other fucking twats agree with these butfuckers.
To me all of this is a molecule worth of shit to pay to bring the love of my life into this world. I don't give a shit if I'm polluting the environment please stop pushing your agenda, and before someone says YOU DONT GET THE POINT IF THIS VIDEO!1! I do, it's probably the liberals WORST attempt at depopulation. I don't care if you don't see that.
the momo in the blue has painted nails
Greg and Bitch, hahahahaha \n\nNo bullshit, shat all over your points.
why did god allow this....?
Chill guys, this is Science
Im both asexual and aromantic (obviously not by choice) and yet I will have kids if I ever have the chance to give them a good life because my family line deserves to continue. You are fucking crazy telling people to not have kids because its expencive and bad for uuuu\nOh wait, we're white. So fuck us, right?
Oy vey goy, stop having white babies. The world is already overpopulated goy.
drink my cousin
You guys are fucking retarded.
Ugly Stupid Cancer Cunts. Never listen to butt babies.
lisps whispering wisdom, how quaint
Kys
Terrible video
(((Greg and Mitch)))
(((They))) did this.
You're so naggy
Badlul
garbage
Mike, get the shocker...
Dumbasses
god you are obnoxious
Why are people so up in arms about this being leftist propaganda? It's just people saying hey some people don't want to have kids and feel pressured to have them. So here's some rebuttals for all the people who think life without kids isn't worth living. Sure, the title may have struck a chord with a few people but how can people honestly think that these guys are telling you NOT TO HAVE KIDS if they actually watched the video and didn't just start shouting about their hurt feelings without watching. \n\nBut anyway, great video!
They just murdered thousands of future babies with this video how can they sleep at night. Imagine if this video was show to their parents before they were conceived...
Tf, I'm Canadian and your information is bullshit. Fucking educate yourself. Jeez, im becoming homophobic. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNeUpEQsY8s
Here's a priceless rebuttal to this video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNeUpEQsY8s
if you 2 had kids you'd force them to be lgbt anyway so you're doing us a favor
I think this topic is viewed from the wrong perspective. Having kids is a natural instinct that people have and I think the decision to have kids has more to do with the intensity of that instinct than any ideological, religious or economic rationale.\n\nAlthough I am a heterosexual healthy woman I don't feel any maternal instinct so I don't know how it feels but I can imagine it's as unavoidable as any other natural instinct that I do feel like sexual attraction or the need for social interaction.\n\nSo I don't judge the people who have kids at all and I think the best one can do once that instinct kicks in is to resist it until he/she can build a setup suitable for a kid.\n\nBut Greg and Mitch also have a point that people who have kids motivate almost all their life decisions with I'm doing it for the kids which is not only a lie but also gives them the false impression that one can't have strong motivators outside maternal/paternal instinct.\n\nI will probably not have kids but I do and will continue to do things because I care about them or the people who need them or I just find them enjoyable. No need to blame my actions  on anybody else.\n\nAlso, please get informed about the population in less developed countries before panicking and spreading venom. They are following the same trends we've had in the West with parents making less kids as the danger of child mortality decreases. For more see this video of my favorite person Hans Rosling: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUwS1uAdUcI&t=386s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNeUpEQsY8s\nplease like this comment so that these guys maybe can learn a thing or two about how stupid this video is.
When are they gonna upload the whole segments like Wendy Williams? 😒 Just upload the damn thing.
:/ I wanted to hear the rest *^*
haters only have a problem with certain interracial couples. e.g.\na black man with a white woman rarely gets any hate.\nbut a black woman with a white man brings on a lot of hate.\nit's pathetic.
What words of wisdom ? You just cut her off tf !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Only 1 minute😢 I really want more real
This is the kind of girl chat I was looking forward to this season but these seconds long video urgggg stopppp
Dang Tamera's hair style thoooo
Teach em mama
Im in an interracial relationship and I can relate to tamera and adam when it comes to people saying racist things on both sides. It really takes ALOT of love to overcome all of the hate in the world.
I like how she made the point that she heard racist stuff from both white people AND black people. Some people swear that black people can't be racist.
i swear i adore tamera 😍 she's honestly such an inspiration to me she's​ such a strong independent woman a great mother and brilliant wife like she's so wise and intelligent she teaches young girls like me that being intelligent and having morals and being classy is sexy as a 16 year old girl I think she should be a role model to any young girl she's my sista sista 😂❤👏
Dang, Tamera looks so good! 😍
people in the comments section be so annoying, I swear yall always want to fight
Haha Loni is making sure they stay right on schedule! 0:45 Thirty seconds
Jasmine curry: I agree with you about tamera. She's an honest woman and very classy. I love her words of wisdom, and although I'm not in an interracial relationship,  I'm married to a black man. I can understand where her mother was coming from, BUT, I also believe that as a woman, or man, it shouldn't matter what race the person is that you love. If that person treats you with respect and loves you unconditionally,  a mom or dad should respect that.
It's freaking 2017, are people really still bitching about interracial relationships???
Her mom is right. Some white men are fake and only want to experiment being with a black or Asian girl and not actually take it seriously. Her mother was just being protective. Tired of these 30 second videos though. Glad I unsubbed
Even if she married a black man, wouldn't it still be interracial?
You guys are ridiculous with these clips... you didn't even let us hear the end of her sentence. This is not gonna make more people tune in to the live show... people work and don't have the luxury to record shows!!! HELLO!!
Tamara put love before what people thought. .like every should! Go Tamera
this was real disrespectful, y’all couldn’t let Tamera finish her story tho 😩😭
love Tamara in white
I love The Real and I've been watching since the begging here on YouTube cause I can't see it on my tv in Brazil, but now the videos are too short and out of context...what's happening? I wanna see the real talk, their opinions, their beliefs and their discussion about something and not only two sentences
she is biracial so no matter she dates black or white its still going be an interracial relationship anyway....
I think ya will have more ratings on YouTube if ya give us more !! Not all of us can be up at 11 of are able to watch it cause we're at work or at school so YouTube is all we have. So please think about giving us longer videos please !!!!
I'm a black female but I love every race and colour
ok, i need to see the rest NOW!!!!!!!
She's already biracial so either way it would be an interacial relationship! So why when you are biracial black is ok but white no?? Why does the black takes over the white??? (Because of the one drop rule??)
I don't really understand why her mom would be against it since she married a white man?? And I know it's because they had a hard time but if she chose him for love then wouldn't she trust Tamera also chose Adam that way.
Are Tameras parents still together?
They are really giving Tam a nicer wardrobe
Yes tamera. I love this woman and she looks so beautiful loving the natural hair in her 😍
What does adam do to stop white supremacy? I am asking for a friend
Tamera looks so pretty
To the person who is in charge of putting up these clips: \nPlease let them finish what they are saying. It is not going to kill you if you let it play for 3 more seconds. \nSincerely ,\nEveryone Watching.
Why didn't they upload the full clip??? Omg this is a conversation I wanna hear
Please keep it coming with the long video clips PLEASE
My parents had to make a decision and say _Look, are we gon worry about what other people think or are we gon do us and keep it movin'?_ Once they quit worrying about outside chatter, things went smooth sailing. I mean, think about it... People are gonna dog you out no matter what so you might as well be w/ whomever makes you feel comfortable. Man, woman, cat, dog, *you* have to worry about you.
But but she's half white, so wouldn't it be equally as interracial if she was with a black guy instead?
I was about to get in my feels until I realized the video had ended , lmao y'all play too much:,(
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
👀Look what I got in the mail today !! 5 superhero capes and masks for my daughter's Christmas present . And I got it completely free ☺ All I do is play the app verydice to get free stuff from amazon ! Some stuff I've gotten are ...\n🔹Paw patrol pup pad\n🔹6 lipsticks \n🔹Laptop cooling pad\n🔹$200 Thomas the train set\n🔹 Fisher Price Laugh and learn speaker \n🔹Fisher price Beatbelle \n🔹$130 Graco car seat\n🔹Kids stool\n🔹Kids piano\n🔹Phone case\n🔹Shelf\n🔹Knit headbands\n🔹Aquadoodle\n🔹Book\n🔹Bathtub organizer\nAnd more ! About $600 worth of stuff !\nIt's free shipping and they don't ask for a card number . If you want free stuff as well, download verydice from your app store (black background with 3 green dots) and please enter my friend code 720973 to get started ! If my code doesn't work when you first download it, please enter it in the icon that says NEW.\n💥Make sure you screenshot this so you don't forget 😉
Su rude to just cut off the video where it did...we didn't get to finish hearing the message. Smh. :/
That's awesome advice. I met Tamera's dad...sweet guy!
The editors at the real youtube are really not professional! WTH can we do with a less than a minute of the show?  \nThat's really annoying, and for that reason why I unsubscribed of this channel
If you going to show us short clips the least you can do is let Tam finish her sentence 🤦🏽‍♀️
dang, y'all couldn't even give us a full minute?
Wow I Felt This One
Why are the videos coming out so short?!
that last part is dope
I'm so confused is this the episode that aired today? Because this isn't what I saw on tv. Can someone please explain that to me.
Fox News (Adam's employer) have regularly had hosts say interracial marriages are wrong........
Adrienne look dead.
Amen to that
UPLOAD FULL CLIPS
💗💗💗💗💗
Awww 😢😢❤
Yes! I love Fri-Yays
I can't stand Tamera's mom. she is always judging Adam cuz he's white yet she married a white boy.
O my goodness! Tamera is not talking about her children! ...(no shade intended)
I refuse to date/marry outside my race.
black women love dem white boys
So i know the main news os Kylie is pregnant BUT I THINK Adrienne is pregnant too!!... U heard it from me first lol
ADAM ADAM ADAM BLA BLA BLA BLA BLA BORING!! 😴😴😴😴😴
Lol her mom sounds super narrow minded. Is she forgetting that Tamera is half white??? Ridiculous! Your own people are the ones who create racism (this applies to every race, mostly)
Nile, i wanted to ask u something that is very emportent to me... back when i was 9 years old i started gymnasticinig and i quit about a half a year after.. now i want to go back to it because i love the sport and im 14 years old, do u think its a good age to start or should i pass?
I just started gymnastics and it turns out I’m actually pretty good and part of why I love gymnastics is because you fail a lot and I used to play other sports where I always did well and never really reached my limit but with gymnastics I feel I have to work really hard for everything and it makes me happy I really hope one day I get to represent my country
Nile ur train smart keep it real t-shirts are sold out!
The guy at 6:00 minute was the best!!
The second guy had the best bails but thanks I really needed that to keep motivated on my comeback journey as well
At 1:41 it looks like the guy on the bars is hitting him in the privates
No fails for Max?
Tbh I don’t even do gymnastics I play soccer but I love ur video because of ur positivity
Ey up Nile! good luck at the Worlds. Hope to see you on thursday next week for the AA finals. You and the GB squad are gonna smash it! ;)
talk to plan zero about doing a kind of tricking vs gymnastics video
i feel cheated, i didnt get to see two hot guys in one bathtub, the inhumanity of it all:)
Hope it's not too late for votes, mine definitly goes to Purvis
Omg I live in canada
Nile is probably one of the most positive guys on YouTube. His videos never fail to make me smile.
Um Nile... the steering wheel is on the wrong side. I think your car is broken.😱
Purvis has the best fail
I mean Dan's gotta win but James' are for sure up there😂
Purvis deffo had the best fail! I cried laughing
You seem like an annoying younger brother in this video.
you should make a video of trying girls gymnastics
I agree, the vault one! Only one that made me laugh cause the others looked bloody painful lol
I'm voting for Mr. Frazzle
Danny's is the best fail
What happened to the ultimate gymnastics challenge??
James x'D especially when he gives up in the first clip hahah, but gottta admit Danny's fail is hard to top loll, poor him!!
James for the fail / win made me 😂 and congrats for making the team keep up the hard work
The second one hitting the bars in the worst place possible 😂 nile's videos are my daily dose of good looking, charming men that are painfully absent in my own life
Nile, cringiest: Your fall on the high bar.  It echoed thru the building.  Funniest:  the Purvis, definitely! Love the video!
JAMES HAS MY VOTE ☑😂😂
how high can you jump on a trampoline oml
I just go harassed by kids at a park
Congratulations on making the team for Worlds. I look forward to the vlogs from Montreal! I'd love if you could get the four girls involved in your videos there. Huge congrats to Claudia, Amy, Alice and Georgia-Mae too.
funniest and best one was Danny's
Loved these fails 😃 I think my winner is James.
The first and purvis
Voting for Danny that always fails the intro and almost killed the judges  XD XD XD
Falling on top of the jugdes has got to be my favorite one lmao
Aw you missed the best part about purvis fail when the judge grabbed his thigh and wouldn't let go for dear life!  Haha
The one that fell into the judges was the best fail! 😂
Never clicked a video so fast
The best one was the one that fell on the judges
Danny def won it was hilarious x
that guys the most smallest man nips ever to exist!
I always wished that I stuck to gym ya know?😂😭
This looks really good and funny lol
You, my friend are hilarious🙌🏻🙌🏻🎉🙏🏻😂😂😂❤️❤️😂😂
Lmao 😂😂😂 I vote James , its was a fn good laugh
Interesting.. I always wondered what those hand guard things were.
World Championships in Montreal, Quebec, Canada!!!\nOctober 2-8th 2017\nLooking forward to seeing all you guys!
The fails look so painful 😩
Has to be dan
No hate or anything but why is this guy always on the trending page with like 200k views. Again no hate  just wondering 🙃
I love your video! Out of all the people I subscribe to on youtube I look forward to your videos the most! Keep them coming!
James and Danny I laughed cried with James fails... 💜
Why are you always on trending...
Lol, Danny knew he fucked up so he took out the judges before they cast their vote 😂
Purvis just wins this shit hands down for falling into the judges. Such a beautiful moment in gymnastics, lol.
the second guy😂😂😂
looks so painful!
Aha purvis has my vote
Danial' one easy 😏
Love you Nile
Nile
Ginger guy is jokes
Purvis
6:01
Nike or joe
Danny won
Nile has the best fails lol hahah 😂
Frags the little cutie! 😂
Danny wins for sure
You got Tiny nips
152s fail is so funny
nile worst
You love dancing
Nile got buns 😂😂. Frazal had the best fail
James won
Danny, lol
Dan has my vote. WHOOS WITH MEEE
Danny
The ginger 1 won!! 1000%
Purvis definitely
Hi
5.41 ur face
Haz un vídeo en español
Whats the song called on niles intro
At 5:43 Nile says to James Mate, stop ______! What is he saying? I've been trying to figure out that word since Nile's dad gassed him in an earlier vlog. Trying to expand my Yorkshire slang knowledge lol
Just broke my ankle yesterday doing double doubles. Thanks for the motivation, haha
What about the guy who broke his leg in rio does stuff like that freak you out when you compete on the world stage?
Nile - Could you explain why a couch puts a pad across the high bar when you are practicing.
how do you get into the olympics
what age were you when you started gymnastics
why do you need a mouth guard thing at 2:55
Why was Nile wearing a mask
Nile what are the biggest benefits of taking a ice bath?
2:50 what's that huge Bane-style mask thing?
Do you ever get told to stop filming whilst your at these places training ??
What's the mask for that you're (Nile) wearing at 2:48?  Great videos!
QqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqQqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqpqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq
What's the intro song
🚨 I CAN'T EAT ANYMORE LASAGNA!🚨  What is one food you couldn't live without? Let me know down below.\nWanna indulge in more Life Noggin? Click here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8L0MzSk_V6LtaKh-Eqj7Cs4Tmf5iQPx4
Can you make a vid about what would happen if we had no moon and/or what's happening to our body when we are asleep
The question is really easy to answer...\n\n\nYou get diabetes
I could not live without starbucks!!
N\nU\nT\nE\nL\nL\nA
What happens when you stop eating
I can't live without blueberry
I was eating two bags of oreos im vever gonna eat oreos again... me: eats rest of oreos and gets 4 more bags
I could never live without chocolate
*watches while eating a salad* um when did I ever think I'll be skinny? *orders dominos pizza*
i was eating salted chips I LOVE SALT! but not too much salt
So uhm can we still eat at thanks giving.
I had a BED ad before this lul
a food that i can't live without is gummy food
I was eating pizza while watching this
I'm a vegetarian and I'm trying to stop consuming sugar. Its a lot harder than you might think
i end up getting diarrhea if i eat to much or worse..........................constipated
I could not live without MCDONALDS😍😍😍
Ha, I just got an ad about over eating.
i can't life withoutt giro
I can't live without meh avocados
I can't live without....Penis
Blocko can you make a gaming channel pls?
I can't live with out 🍕
I can't live without pizza
Every one sub to sap games
well lets see\n\n*starts eating everything i found in my house*\n\n\n\n\n*dies choking on a piece of pizza*
the food i cant live without is pizza XD\n\n\n\n\n\n\nno really... i love pizza espicially pepparoni pizza
wow good vid
Shrimp egg foo young
transfats have feelings too :v
Pizza and patatos
PEARS\nARE\nawesomeeeee
Sughs
it NEED lettuce to SURVIVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
TACOS
Pizza. Pizza for life.
Like my mom told Your body is a temple not a garbage bin
I won’t live without PIZZA AND CHIPS
I ate 4 éclairs while watching this video :)
Make a video of what will happen when you stop eating
beans humanity would not be able to survive without it. it last for years its easy to make and it tastes good and has all the nutrients you need
i dont know if im the only one but, did this videos make you hungry?
I can't live without lasagna, that would be a sad sad world without it haha
*takes a bite of chocolate*\nIt's obvious that chocolate is cocaine.
I can not live without pizza
Ham it is the best
TBH this is my life
I already learned all of this stuff in middle school lol its still work watching this though
I can't live without eating ass.
I got an ad for BED...(binge eating disorder)
Am I the only one that got a binge eating ad?
I couldn't live without boneless pizza
Making your own bread will drastically reduce your sodium intake.
I could never live without Gold Fish!
who else is guilty of eating too many fruit snacks? just me? alright back to the corner of shame I'll go
Pizza it is so good I eat it twice a week
I couldn't live without dog meat
Burritos 🌯 AND Tacos 🌮 there the BEST food on the PLANET 🌎
Why are people gay? just something i wanna know
Salt + High Blood Preasure = Wrong\nSalt even lowers the bloodpreasure my doctor told me. Why? He didnt tell me .... unfortunatly
Chocolate is the food I like and probably eat to much of. XD
I can't live with out letes
i love raw meat and i love fruit drinks\nmostly fruit drinks :D
I would die without mochi ice cream
I couldn't live with out sushi
Who is watching this video while eating food
If you won’t stop eating you will go In a food commma and die becuase you had to many food comas
🍦CORNETTO I CANT I LIVE WIV U 🍦
Biscuts
try speed
Food itself.
PIZZA !! !!!!!
Definitely Sushi
bananas
Bacon!!!!!
Chocolate!!
POTATOES EASILY
POTATO
Pizza!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!°
Chocolate
Gold fish
i eat too much booty
PIZZA
Chicken
all food!
BACON
French friea
Pizza and beautiful butter chicken
PEANUT BUTTER
CHICKEN
Cereal 😂
CHEEBURGER
Danish mcfries from MC D
Tacos!!! 🌮🌮🌮
Patio
wow..  😦😦😦
1:38 idubbbz
One more wafer?
Bread and Nutella
Some say she's still looking for a kebab
Did she get her kabab tho?
This really needs a follow up of her eating said kebab and saying 'worth it'.
There's another fucking kebab shop about 3 doors down. I heard they have a nice house sauce but Jeezus Christ.
This place is Apache Pizza...they don't even have Kebabs LMFAO
The UK is such a disgrace.  A bunch of drunks with no class or manners.  No wonder the place is such a shithole.
Prepare for this video to blow up
If this was a guy they would've called the police, they should've for her too. There was no way she was getting herself home safely
She's the Belfast version of the cash me outside girl.
Hope she paid for that
They kept talking shit to her instead of locking up before she wedged herself in. They kicked and pushed her away like a dozen times. They are all at fault.
Hope she's ok
anyoine still watchging in 2017??
Chuck Norris would have got the kebab.
She's more of a man than the little girl giggling and watching with their camera.
Parker is Samoan. He has 20 aunties that would whoop hughie lol
Parker:If I let you push me, do you think it might help ticket sales?\n\nFury: Should I throw some water bottles at you too?\n\nParker: Nah. A decent shove oughta do...\n\nFury: Alright, Mate!
There just trying to get some publicity for the fight. Im a big boxing fan only just found out its showing on tube. I bet most don't know its even on.
WANKERS why on u tube do no one can stream it cunts
Paler looks like a grandad up on the stage
Pathetic attempt at trying to create some controversy and interest.
I'm picking Hughie to beat Parker by UD. I'm not entirely confident about it, but I think he'll pull it off like Tyson beat Klitschko.
Hughie looks fat. He looks untrained.  I'm surprised.  I thought he was pounding beef, not shoving down his throat in the form of Big Macs and Whoppers. Also, I'm laughing at the local simpletons dissing JPs physique...ironic considering it looks like Hughie trained at the pub.
Fucking pikey bastards!!!!
Joseph Parker v Hughie Fury - WHO WINS?
pussys protected by security + teambuddies
start time plz frm NewZealand
Disgusting behavior.  Honestly..  Parker is a gentleman.  What an embarrassment to British boxing .... I Actually hope Parker wins now. He should do anyhow.  He's a formidable fighter. Pissed off with their bs... Peter is alright though.
Hi
Hennessy Looks like a Don!!
I think you Hughie Fury will win
Someone is kissing 👄 the floor ✊👊👊 and it's gonna be hughie lol....auto correct
Obviously you can do all these will longer hair too!! Wooo I hope u enjoy guys 🙈
Girl your trending!!!
You’re a stunner, ilysm❤️ please check out my instagram fan page for you @saff.queen 🦋 it would make my day💗 - Love from Isha Xxx (my sister)
what is the song you used in your hair cutting video? x x x x x
Soooo freaking cuteee ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Holy crap you honestly look absolutely stunning Saff!
So stunning !!!
Which curlers do you use? ❤️❤️
I love your short hair 😍❤️
You look gorgeous😍😍
Short hair suits you very well 😍
are you still whit jake?
😍😍😍😍😍
Just ordered your book so excited
Have you met my cousin Diaz jellif
I cut 17 inches off of my hair last month yet it’s still longer than saffron’s 😂 17 inches of hair donated to princess truest to make wigs for children with cancer 💗
Yesssss this is soooooooooo useful 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Luv u 💓
Your blog sent me. I love your hair soo much xxx
Saffron i live ur hair so much is baeeee love u saffron xxxx
This is so helpful! I just got my hair cut the same length as yours and this is helpful as it's boring seeing your hair just up😅 Please do more!! Love you loads :))
You look like Olivia buckland with your hair like this😍
You suit your new hair so much!!💗
Vlog sent me even though I was subscribed on here first! 🙌🏻😂
💗
😍😍
I stared at the pimple all the way through the video
Great video! Soooo helpful 😅
saffs stunning with short hair and long hair and without makeup and with makeup!!
Sorry. Ily not hate but I prefer long sorry
Why do u sound like Rita ora ur voice has changed 😂
Your new hair makes you look like 21❤️💚💙 it's so pretty xxxx
Anyone else think saffron sounds so different in this video? Different mic?
Ooh that’s a good idea, but you know you will never look as good as she does😂😭
I love your hair . But i do miss your long hair i could never cut my hair i love my long hair ( it past my bum )      \n\nP.s your hair fab
I love this so much
So beautiful! I am in love with your hair x
I love you new hair it's stunning I couldn't pull of short hair
I really want to get my hair cut short but I don’t think I’d be able to get it all in a high ponytail for dance ❤️ if you have any tips please could you tell me
❤️️TBH the sleek back hairstyle didn't suit her but still LY Saff❤️✨
Yur short hair is so amazing
HI SAFFRON!!! COULD YOU PLEASE DO A WISH HAUL VIDEO!!! THEY HAVE GOT RIDICULOUSLY CHEAP PRICES LIKE MAKE-UP FOR EVEN £1!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO A VIDEO ON THINGS YOU WILL BUY FROM WISH.COM. LOVE YOU AND YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION :) xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
My pengting slays her new hair queen I luv u so much x
You look great babe😍😍
She said she wants to look after her hair make make it look healthy in one of her videos yet she didn’t even use heat protectant yeah logic
I don’t like your hair😬
I love your new haircut​ 💜💕
THANK YOU so much i love this it is so useful
Shes bugs me sm
you are beautiful.
Your short hair makes u look so much more grown up 😍😍😍😍luv it
I loved your hair then and I love it now!!!!!!
Your looks so nice 😍😍
Love this, love you. You helped me through my mental health! ❤️ xxxx
I love your hair with your face shape it suits your face so well and you look really sophisticated
OMG my hair used to be long, I recently cut it last month, and these helped me so much! Thanks Saffron ((:
It looks so great!
i love your hair !!
You need to curl your hair away from your face otherwise it looks stupid. Living for the short hair tho
Ur trying to hard to look like Ashley benson lol
What are those pouty faces after the look, omg so cringe
I honestly just love her so much!!
looks amazing💕
Your eyes look so beautiful😍😍
This suits you so much better😍❤️
Ive got short hair and i love it ❤💗 it suits me really well 😍 you look dead gorgeous with short hair 😚😘
you make me really want to cut my hair short! lovely video xx
Love youuu
I just got my hair cut short and I don't suit it as much🙁I wish I could pull it off like you❤️
Slag
your adorable!! Please do an updated whats on my iphone
Did anyone notice she done 6 hairstyles not 5 lol
i’m literally obsessed with saff’s it’s gorgeous! ilysm saff💗💗💗💗💗
The wavy hair is so so nice on you saff!! My little sister was going to come to the book signing and I was wondering do you have to buy two books and tickets then ? Because there's no point in the two of us getting a book ? Does anyone know?
Your hair looks stunning! Love you Saffron! 💕
Sex
Recently got my hair cut short but I honest cannot put my hair up because there's always those bits at the back that aren't long enough to fit in the bobble
Can't get over ur hair x love u saff❤️😘😍
I love you and your hair sooo much!! I loved meeting you! ❤
Love this we are twinning w hairrrr it’s lush love it saff xx
Love your short hair , it's so nice and suits you so much ! 💕💕💕
SLAYYYYY😍😍
Love the hair saffron xxx
What curler did you use xx
Hi saffron a love u everyday when I put u on tv on my ps4 my grandma comes in And sayes what's this pretty girl saying 😂❤️😘
Saffron you are the most gorgeous girl I have ever seen. You videos are amazing as well. I just want to be you.
Who preferred her long hair
THUMBNAIL REMINDS ME OF CHRISTMAS!!
OMG SAFFRON YOU ARE A LIFE SAVER ❤❤❤
Love this video!💓
The vlog sent me !!
I love you saffron xxx
Your a queen xxx
I got my hair cut the same length as your today. I was having a huge breakdown but I did it. I LOVE IT but I can't do any hair styles apart from a pony tail and my ponytail is so cute it's tiny. This video really helped and now I can do loads thanks so much saffron you saved me from regret and disappoint ❤️🔐
التسريحات جميلة جدا جدا جدا
She's dead cringy omg
Okay we get it you got your haircut, you can stop talking about it now 🙄😂
It's really petty but ever since she cut her hair her videos are just impossible to watch lolollll
Of course she had to copy Zoella
Why does everyone including herself, big up her hair so much loool it's not that great?? It looks dead and stiff😂🤧
Lmfao at the fact that ppl voted no for the kkw review lmao
Where do the sell the dermologica primer??
Like you do to all ya meats 😂😂😂
I feel like I lost 10 pounds LMFAO!
Gorgeous Casey! <3
ASMR with the KKW kit! 👻
Love your eye look
I Loveee the Huda Palette is stunning! #snapchatfam xoxo 💗💗💗💗💗
Your lip gloss is poppin 😍
I love this look girl! I am all about the pink vibes! ☺️💗👸🏼💕🎉🎀✨
I feel like the reason everyone likes sponges is because they stipple with them. If you stipple instead of swipe with (the right) brush, you get better coverage and less wasted foundation
I'm not a fan either of using your fingers what if you try a classic eyeshadow sponge applicator
I kinda like to use my fingers with shimmer shades🤷🏼‍♀️
I hate using my fingers..Plus you never know how the shadow will react with the oils on your fingers.
Allllll ya meats... hahahaha Great video!!
I miss the vlogs!
I don't mind to apply with my fingers at all if it gives me the best pigmentation 😊
Try the sponge applicators that come with drugstore palettes I use my colourpop shadows like that 🤷🏻‍♀️
I almost always use my finger for shimmery shadows. It doesn't bother me but I can see how it would be a pain with long nails!
Want the desert dusk soooo bad. The rose one never interested me but this one omggggg
I always apply shimmers with my finger! Love the simplicity of it, how quick it can be and the color payoff is 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
LOL the struggle of the doorbell and dogs barking while filming 😩
I was obsessed with the Rose Gold palette. But I have short nails for using my fingers isn’t an issue.
What essence mascara is she referring to? Thanks!!
I don't like putting any makeup on with my fingers, especially shadows.
So I don’t have to use my fingers I use those small sponge applicators that everyone throws away but they work WONDERS for metallics and glitter. And then I buff with a brush
What's the essence mascara you like?
hey which one would you recommend the too faced born this way setting powder or the peach perfect mattifying setting powder?
Good things to do when you get sick:\nDrink water\nTake some medicine\nWatch Casey's videos
Which essence mascara is she talking about?
I really loved the Lancôme mascara I got a sample and fell in love with my already long lashes it made them very plump! I’m ok with the Becca but the lady at Sephora mixed mine with their liquid bronzer and it was awesome! By itself I wasn’t as impressed. \n\nDo you have any tips as far as wearing make up with sun glasses? I always get a line from where my sunglasses sit on my face and wonder if you had any tips to not get the line ?
I feel like the highlights REAAALLLY emphasize your texture. I like your smashbox highlighter better.
Using my fingers doesn't bother me to apply anything glittery or foiled. I also prefer a brush for precision and because half the time I'll forget I did it and get it all over my face when I put on primer 😂\nLove your vids girl I'm oily with texture too and I can take what you say as gospel 😻
Use those shitty eyeshadow applicators with the sponges on the ends for the glitter! It works wonders! #lifehack
It's like opening a bag of chips. Lol
Girl, that Essence mascara is the bomb dot com! Thank you so much for introducing it to me. I use it everyday and have gotten so many friends to use it. #addicted
I really think that your base looked flawless!
hate using my fingers, only because they're chubby asff and it's just messy
I used the LANCOME HIGHLIGHTER AS EYE SHADOW AND OMG!! YOU MUST TRY IT POPPED ON THE LID, AND OVER OTHER COLORS HOLY S&*#! TRY IT, THOSE HIGHLIGHTERS ARE NO JOKE. LOV YA
Subscribed 3 minutes in on my first video lol
TBH I don't mind applying with my fingers as long as I get a good pay off with that amazing colour, though the palette is very pricy I think they r worth it because of the shades - I love the HUDA BEAUTY ROSE GOLD palette more than the Dessert Dusk (like pigment wise and the textured eyeshadows) - well I think that the Rose gold pallet is more worth it because of the unique textured eyeshadows where as the Dessert Dusk tho it has like general eyeshadows that u can get in other pallets (the matte shades) tho I feel like the Dessert Dusk palette's price should be lowered - \n\nThat's my own personal preference.
No matter how pretty the palette is. I HATE using my fingers.. I have small eyes and it's really hard to control
The noise on the bag reminds me of when I open a bag of hot cheetos😂
i love how no matter what foundation you are testing you always use a brush on one side & a sponge on the other! it truly does help people see what way works best! thank you for this video!!
this becca foundation and dermalogica primer gave you baby butt skin lol. i like that combo!
Omg love this look ❤️❤️❤️ you killed it !
Anyone else want to immediately buy that eyeshadow palette after seeing how that shadow applied with her finger? GORGEOUS CASEY!
Will you film makeup collection soon? 🤔😘
Yeah.  I like to apply eyeshadow with my fingers.  Of course I wash my hands beforehand.  Never had a problem
Try the lancome high definition mascara I can't spell the French name 😂😂😂 i love it on my lashes
Derm is discontinuing the hydra blur primer! 😭😭😭 it’s my faveee
Shimmer eye shadows are the only product I'll use my fingers for. Even when I use setting spray on my brush, my fingers beat it with the color pay off. Every time!
The Huda palette wasn't even on my radar until I saw this look. Wow. So pretty!
Should have used the finger that's missing a nail
to answer your question Casey, I don't have a problem getting down & dirty when it comes to using my fingers for pressed glitter or shimmer shadows.. It's SOOOOO worth the color payoff 🖐😋🎨ur look for the huda desert palette is gorgeous! purple glow on your lid is stunning!!! totally liking how the kkw contour palette in light came out on your cheeks.... bronzer color was very warm, but muted  &the contour color came out pretty as well 😉  primer&foundation looked full coverage w/o being cakey on 📷 but of course, sometimes, you see more details than us subscribers do 💁👥👁
Omg what essence mascara is she talking about? It sounds like I need it in my life 😭
Personally I wouldn't buy a palette that I could only use my fingers with bc I agree I think the brush allows you to be more precise. I do like this palette from your swatches but I don't think I would use it enough to buy it. Loved this video girl! xox
does anyone know the brush she used to set her eye lids with?
I got the peach Lancôme highlighter a few weeks ago. It's gorgeous and I love it as an eye shade as well!
I hate applying eye shadows with my fingers its never as concise as I like to have it:/ Love this video your so amazing
instead of using the tape to shape your eyeshadow you should try baking with loose powder right there at an angle where the tape would go, it gives the same effect except more blurred and soft!
i thought she looked so great after she finished her foundation and concealer!
Where did you get the shirt at in this video?? Loveeee it
Hands down the best foundation out there! #becca
personally I don't mind using my fingers but I would prefer the option of a brush. I LOVEEE this eye look... made me want that palette :)
Omg love that new huda beauty palette, I've been wanting a review of it for a while but I freaking want it and I love the eye look on you Casey good job with the video and keep up the good work 👍👍❤❤
I love when I use shimmers and glitters with my fingers. I just think it's easier. As far as the Dermalogica primer, I hated it. I have dry skin, and it made my skin oily. My foundation looked like a hot mess at the end of a few hours. 😢
Your face when the doorbell rang 😂😂😂 I love this eye look on you, it's gorgeous!
i have the huda rose gold pallet..im not crazy about it..the mattes are okay..the two pearl shades are beautiful..the textured shadows i found difficult to work with..and generally i prefer a finger application for my lid with any shimmer shade..i like the richness of color i get from finger application..i found the light shades in the textured shadows very patchy and difficult to distribute evenly across the lid..and i found the deeper shades in the textured shadows..the deep red and the bronzy color much smoother and easier to work with..but overall..i never reach for the pallet ..there is something in the formula of the textured shadows that the skin on my eye lids dont react well to..my eyes burn and itch all day while wearing them so i dont use the pallet
Love and miss your dark hair! And the natural hair waves! Looks sleek when you put your hair at the back!
Casey you look amazing and that top is so cute!!!!! 🌻
You should test out the dermacol foundation! I think you'd really like it!
I know I personally always use my finger to apply any glitter eyeshadows because it makes them pop more (but I have the same issue, can’t be extremely precise, so then I go in with a flat brush to clean up)
Hi Casey! I've actually been challenging myself to use one palette for the work week and I recently used the Rose Gold Palette! I really enjoyed this palette a lot! I really hadn't used it since I purchased it, so its been awhile. But wearing the Rose Gold Palette worked out in my favor this past work week!
I prefer finger and then go in with a brush to add more or to perfect the lines since fingers are not precise when in comes to a good line on the lid .
I can't use my fingers to apply eyeshadow. I don't think I get it on my lid well, and I hate when my hands are in my way! Haha
I ALWAYS use my finger for my shimmers all over the lid. Way better payoff and i find it pretty easy and fast.
Was literally at ultra today trying to remember which essence mascara you loved 😩 what was it called?
The color schemes of both of the palettes are pretty similar or the price!
looooveeeeee it!!! btw you don´t pronounce the N in monsieur
Casey, I think your Smashbox highlights look so much nicer on your skin than the two in this video!
Does anyone know what Huda lip strobe she was comparing the Ciate one to?
what essence mascara were you talking about?
I love those milk makeup lippies! I wore cream and wifey for my wedding in August! It gave me a very subtle ombré lip!
Can you try out the Mac eyeshadow pallet x 15? I would love to see what you think about it!
I'm obsessing over that mascara!
I tried the rose gold palette and had to return it, I just didn't like it
I love Casey and she's my go to YouTuber but I can't afford anything she likes 😭
Always love your eye looks!
Girlllllll!!!! I am not in to the super sparkly shadows, but you don't this look makes me want to try it out!
That satisfaction you feel when you hear the packaging like rustling, is called ASMR. There lots of people who do asmr videos on youtube. They range everything from eating sounds to different kinds of paper crinkling, gum chewing or popping, haircut sounds (like scissors cutting hair) or coloring in a book or whispering while reading...so many things its insane! Alot of people even enjoy makeup videos because they find it gives them asmr aswell. Its not the reason i watch them but hey, whatever floats your boat lmao
I wouldn't buy a palette where you had to use your finger to apply it. It's one thing to choose to do that and another to get no pigment unless you do. Pink Eye is real👀 people.
do you still use the bumble and bumble shampoo and conditioner?! your hair is literally always so pretty even when its not done!!And its so hydrated lol. Love this look also! xoxo
When daisy and rose started barking my dog started barking and freaking out 😂😂
Granted, I don't use NEAR as concealer as Casey, but I use 2 or 3 dots of Tarte Shape Tape, and 2 dots of the Milani she used on my under eye.  This combo for me, covers and brightens and does a great job.
Literally I freaking LOVE the eyes their so insanely beautiful 😭😭😭😭 I want that eyeshadow palette so bad 😭
Img your should do a collab with Chloe morello. U remind me of her
I usual don't like applying eyeshadow with my finger but the palette is totally worth it BTW love your videos and if you say something good then I have to buy it💋💗❤💏💖
I found that sponge-tipped applicators are best for laying down finger only shadows. The texture is similar to finger tips.
Yes i would 100 percent buy a palette that required you to use your fingers, sometimes your fingers are the best tools and there is always baby/make-up wipes to clean your finger up after :) x
Hey Marge you embarrasse Homer once in season 1 episode 4
Who saw the penis on scratchy
This part leads to disturbing and borderline scary thoughts of identity, as the clear distinction between the kids' appeal and parents', at itchy and scratchy land, could in a few years , age wise at least, be the stereotype that I fall victim to.
Marge is such a cunt, ruining the kids fun.  Bird Sanctuary my ass.
Everything you think is too damn expensive! Me: Hell yeah, everything's too damn expensive these days! Got it? Yep! Good!
This song not a song of IU.  This song is a remake.This song is originally sung by Korean boysgroup  so bang cha https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xwe4tXnajo
She looks like a Barbie
I LOVE HER MAKEUP HEREEE....NOT AS THE USUAL
at the end she couldn't help but smile lol!
I love you IU~~~ It was great!!!
This is lowkey giving me sunny vibes which is making me sad happy :(: (sunny the Korean movie)
That was just my style. Thank God there are still  women making good music
I  U  W  A  V  E
음악방송 이번에 안해요?
덜 야한 김완선 보컬?
*Find Im Hyunje* 😆 (one of Hyukoh member)
Cute
rip. replay button 2017.
kern
안 어울리는 색이 뭔가요..
HAHAHA. Silly me. I thought she saying OTTOMEN a.k.a Ultraman. HAHAHA.
캬 화음 죽이네요~
Que hinoooooo
0:33-0:35 its me everyday
This feeling....
Isso é muito música antiga de karaokê coreano... ADOREI
que cabelo lindo
this remind me of reply 1988 😂
홍진영 필이 느껴진다
IU No.1
화면 비율도 신경쓴 모습이 보이네 좋다
그리고 아이유 얬날보다 뭔지 모르갰지만\n더 얘뻐젔네요 \n그리고 이 리믹스 다운토은 이 첨에는 어색 했는데요\n참 표정이랑 춤이랑 백이랑 다 진짱 좋네요\n지금 7번제 들음
노래좋아요. 헌데 원곡좋아하시는분들은 이질감은 좀느낄것 같아요.  제가  그래요^^;;하지만 아이유만의 개성으로 잘부른것 같아요.
이런 뮤비 보지말고 bj 민철티비 구독!!!!
아이유는 참 다양한 색깔을 가진 가수네요:) 너무좋아요!
iu always doin her own thing and i love it so much
Hyunjae from hyukoh is in here?
woaaaaa!! This song remind me about the beautiful reply 1988 T T!!!! Thanks IU
I have an intense love for the original version so seeing IU remake it and put her own personal spin on it makes me so happy!!
me encanta su make up!!
no matter how many times I watch this video, I keep laughing so hard :'D
Are we all going to ignore the fact that  one of the members of the band  Hyukoh, Lim Hyun Jae was in the video!!!!
IU surely is the best~ Her music are always new to my ears~
I laught at the backdancers everytime ahah\nat 1:42 the right guy starts laughting ahah\nand you can see that at 4:04 he tries not to ahah
I wonder if kookie already watch this MV😂😂😂😂
This has different vibes from the original song. But I like it. Although I love the original one better but IU's version is very good too.
feel like watching reply 1988 :)))) LOVE YOU IU !!
this is so relatable with my current situation 😷😷 💞💞💞
Nghe xong nhớ repply 1988 thế 😁😁 nhạc nghe rất cổ😂😂
CUTIIIIEEEE IU I CANT ❤❤
これ日本人見てるのかな…
이건뭔...트로트같네....
웃음 참기 힘들었겠다 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
IU is very cut
jieun makeupnya belepotan aja cakep :(( tydack adil
I love you
واوووو الاغنيه روعه wow
리메이크 한건가요?
Sounds like 1tym remake
소방차
Loveeeeeee u
She is SO COOL queen of concepts
Omg... I have this song on replay. I’m in love with IU
don't let jungkook stream this alone. ARMY ! Let's help UAENA !!! #UaenArmy
I miss reply 1988❤️. This is the song when Duk Seon can't dance the choreography of the song hahahha😂😂😂
she makes me have different emotions 😂
iu's dancing with the backup dancers w/ that expression is literally me when my mom is forcing me to dance in public (or in events)when I was a kid
I wonder if Jungkook already watched this.. 😂
왜 뭔가 장기하 삘이 나지
장기하에 냄새가 나네 킁킁
1988 🌠
뭔가 장기하 스러운데
WOAAHH!!! saranghaeyo!! 이아유
기레기들이 섹시컨셉?이라고 기사올려서 안어울린다고 어그로 끌던데 이제보니 그냥 원래 삐그덕한 컨셉이였네... 대한민국 기자들 이제 하나도 못믿겠다.
She looks so different! Thinner-- or it could be the hair? Love this song and video!
Such a cute video! I am living for those backup dancers! How can I get a set of those? haha
IU is a unique one of a kind artist. She's lovely.
This Queen didn't dissapoint me. and oh the charts are shaking. Queen of charts eh
After watching Lee Hyori's Bed and Breakfast, I am just so amaze how IU can shift into something like this, very different from her real personality.
Turkey turkey ~~~~
모자쓴 위로해주는 남자 혁오에 현제닮아땅 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
this mv is awesomee
She always looks great
❤️❤️❤️❤️
노래중동성있어서 매일듣고있음 ㅜㅜ!!아이유언니짱!
언니 패왕색이다 와아아앍
아이유하고싶은거다해💕
이뻐이뻐 ㅋㅋㅋ
아진짜너무좋다 어~어~어~어~
Is she going to perform on music shows???
I swear to God the chorus reminds me of a very very old k-indie song but I cant just remember which song! Anyone knows what song that has similar chorus to this is called?
뒤에 백댄서분들 왤캐 요염요염해...
뮤비가 다했다 진짜
대박...!완전 이뻐요!!!
뭘해도이쁜우리 아이유 누나♡뉴나사랑해요
이렇게 아무 기교없이 음을 쭉 이어 부르는게 더 어려울 것 같다 듣기 편안하고 좋다~
중독성 쩌러쩌러~~\n뒤에 남자분들 진짴ㅋㅋㅋㅋ\n아 귀엽긴한뎈ㅋ완전 웃곀ㅋㅋ
3:43~3:49 백댄서들 진짜 졸귀ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
이 뮤비는 144p로 보면  완벽한 시간여행..\n아이유 넘 이뻐ㅠㅜㅜㅜ
중간에 웁  하는거 나만 귀엽나 ..
(가사)\n\n어젯밤에 난 네가 미워졌어 \n어젯밤에 난 네가 싫어졌어 \n빙글빙글 돌아가는 \n불빛들을 바라보며 \n나 혼자 가슴 아팠어 \n\n내 친구들이 너의 손을 잡고 춤출 때마다 \n괴로워하던 나의 모습을 왜 못 보았니 \n\n어젯밤 파티는 너무도 외로웠지 \n이 세상을 다 준대도 \n바꿀 수가 없는 넌데 \n너는 그걸 왜 모르니 우\n\n어젯밤에 난 네가 미워졌어 \n어젯밤에 난 네가 싫어졌어 \n쉴 새 없는 음악소리 끝나기를 기다리며 \n나 혼자 우울했었지 \n\n내 친구들이 너의 손을 잡고 춤출 때마다 \n괴로워하던 나의 모습을 왜 못 보았니 \n\n어젯밤 파티는 너무도 외로웠지 \n이 세상을 다 준대도 \n바꿀 수가 없는 넌데 \n너는 그걸 왜 모르니 우\n\n어젯밤에 난 네가 미워졌어 \n어젯밤에 난 네가 싫어졌어 \n쉴 새 없는 음악소리 끝나기를 기다리며 \n나 혼자 우울했었지
왠만해선 리메이크곡이 원곡을 뛰어넘기 어려운 법인데\n\n아이유는 항상 뛰어 넘는다 ㄷㄷㄷ
아이유는 옛날 노래도 어쩜 잘부르고 이쁘다냐...💟\n씹덕쿵
쪼매난 팔다리로 요리조리 춤추는거 빨리 돌리니까 율동하는것같아서 너무 귀엽다 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
뒤에남자듳 추는춤 여친앞에서 춥니다 ...물론 샤워끝나고 맨몸으로 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
The audience is never that black. They did that shit on purpose
Girl, no matter what you do, you will never be black. You wouldn't even know how to pull it off! You will always be the race that you were born to be.
Fucking double standard ridiculous. There's is a fucking epidemic in black communities around the world in black countries bleaching their skins to  ridiculous levels. Murray is a fucking asshole...
if ppl can change their sex why can't ppl change their race as well?
Let her be whatever she wants too be
Man I was eating a sub and now I lost my appetite.
Why Martina why? It's already bad enough that Sammy Sosa bleached his skin. Smh
I feel like she needs help ):
No way a surgeon in America would of put in those breast implants in
She says it's not for media purposes but just a season or two ago she was on the show botched trying to get outrageously huge but implants and they turned her down... she is definitely popping up in media only because of her ridiculous surgeries that are all done for media attention.
Good for her, she looks better as a black woman. But she needs to not have such big breasts.
I think she also obviously has a mental illness and it's despicable that any self -respecting surgeon performed this breast mutilation on her for money. It should be illegal to take the money from someone mentally unsound and perform such a disfiguring and absurd procedure (the breasts).
🤣🤣😂 well I take that as a compliment...
but nobody is pressed about the millions of mixed poeple telling poeple they are not black or the billions bleaching their skin to be white!! but a woman wanting to be black offends you
As an African woman I'm not offended it's so much better than being a nigga woman I support her. ❤️
If she can find love, I can too.
Society is very HYPOCRITICAL when it comes to this shit. Me as a Michael Jackson fan know his history. Knowing he was born black and had black skin, and as he got older dealing with vitiligo(disease that take away the pigmentation of the skin, turns your skin porcelain white and leaves blotches on your skin) and also having to deal with the ignorance of the media. This something that this man couldn't help but he get criticised for it. You know this woman had surgeries only about 25% criticised her, but a man who only a a couple a surgeries(his nose and chin) was born with those high cheek bones and skin disorder he couldn't control got hammered by that 25% plus 50 including the media. To me it is a slap in the face.
She's so cheerful 😁 but completely bat shit crazy. The thing is She is really naive and so are many other white people regarding this issue. I hope someone educated her so she can understand how she is being offensive. But even more so I hope she gets help for her body dismorphia
Great job Maury a new title instead of are you the father I mean who wouldn't want too be black
Who else watching in 2017
Lil Kim and her have a lot in common :/
Poor girl she needs help
I'm black Italian and got teased by people telling me Italian don't mesh with black excuse me it's clear it happen and I'm around of both side can't stand so much hate. Now I got to say this was to much you don't have to chance your skin to get to know the culture of a different race it's not like we're not open to tell you and we're not crazy or rude but girl you were pretty before this got to stop
I feel bad for her. Not because of the way she looks but because of  how she is being ridiculed.
She's not offending anybody. She wants to be black so why are so many black people in the audience against her. Many black people especially women are skin bleaching to be white, and using all kinds of chemicals to have straight hair etc... but that's okey?!
And these dummies where just on the show Botched not to long ago. Their to fake for me. If you ain't born black, stop trying to be like us. We all know white people wana be like us. That's why they enslaved us years ago.
This skunt is crazy where the hell she come from
no she looks like a Muppet with and Indian accent. lol. I wonder if she'll ever know how fucked up she looks. Mental disabilities are a bitch. she'll never like her self. Maybe next she'll turn into a turnip.
She isn't offensive to me at all how? Black women wear Asian Indian and white women hair and pay hundreds for it. Bleach they skin. Wear colored contacts blue and green. Blonde wigs blonde weaves lol so how is this lady offensive to our race for wanting to be a black lady lol shit lucky somebody wanna be like us we should be embracing her.
Don't f meh up lawd na na na dis woman not srs nice fair skin girl now u look like sum dt belong behind cage in a zoo. Disgusting. B  yourself b ur own version of u DTS wt makes u attractive u spoil a good ting dey
Maury's old ass should retire.  Jews are always exploiting others and not their own people.  Him and Jerry Springer old Jewish bastards.
The whole race change thing is just the same as transgender. You're trying to become something you aren't. Honestly don't see why its treated differently. If you're mad about one, be mad about both.
She's basically doing black face and stereotyping black women. She belongs in the trash!
She looks like a science project
I love her she's so sweet yes she looks extreme but she likes the color and wants to be black ain't nothing wrong with that you should be happy that she was a white girl thinking black is beautiful
Poor lady. She obviously has issues. She was beautiful to start with and now she just looks... So unbelievably unnatural its scary. Btw all the african american people got so upset and started jumping around the audience and shouting when she said she wants to be like them and considers herself their race now, and they would never accept her because she was white to begin with. Isn't that racist? For me, if anyone bleached themselves and called themself white, I'd say alright whatever and wouldn't criticise or make any drama. I don't actually care lol. Let people change colors as they wish lol it's only a skin color
She looks black to me
Okay so she went from wanting a bigger ass on botched n now she wants to be black? I feel like she just wants the attention 😂
I ain't mad at her though!!!! I'm not Offended at all!!!! At least she's sincere about it!!! LOL 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
She seems like a sweet lady just guided wrong, very wrong.
A medical research/experiment to turn white into black. What's next?
pause. i didn't even know there was technology that could make your skin dark let's focus on that for a minute. like wtf else is there...
The new cash me outside girl watch and see
So wait- she can't identify as a black women,  but a MAN can identify AS a women ? Yea ok.
This is a mental dysfunction. Dehumanisation of black people... like you can just own black skin.... I would be mad but she's mental.
Oh fuck off. She is a mad ass bitch but how does this offend black people?
Most of the black people yelling and judging her don't even know their African ancestral roots... they're just mad because she wants to be black period
I wish the crowd would have started chanting Maury lol
I thought those were 2 basketballs that were brown.
ion care if she changed her skin color i feel no type of way she could be blue but them boobs look like they gonna fall off
Omg black people are so annoying. What is wrong with someone admiring their culture?
Sorry she ain't black u didn't go through what black people went through
I'm not offended by this, she's knows black is strong and powerful, but tht chain and  them boobs GOTTA go
She looks horrible!  Just say NO to extreme plastic surgery!
Lol who wants to be black anyways? XD
Hey, if you want to look a certain way go for it, I'm not offended.
The black ppl in the audiences are ghetto. Calm down. Lol this is nothing to get mad about. Jeez
She is just not happy with being herself...
She was naturally pretty back then
No she NOT it's funny.lol
Sooo... she's not black but trans women get thier dick chopped off, lip injections, etc but they are really women? How is it different?
What did she do to herself she looked better before
And she's wearing a necklace that says black girls rock😂😂😂😂
she is crazy she thinks Africa is a continent ... Africa has many countries with different delicacies ...African food hahahaha... and those tits no no no she needs more butt
People wanna be black so bad 💅🏾 they hate us cuse they ain't us bitch byyyeeeee create your own culture/slang/style
Tf up with the boobs?!
I feel sad for her she seems like shes been through alot already and something is mentally affecting her mind and thinking. You could hear it in her voice , I really hope she gets help and these doctors need to stop letting her do these surgeries they are prolonging her illness. These doctors  of hers should be ashamed .
I'm not even black and I feel offended af lmfao how can someone be this ignorant.
She said she wanted to be curvy like Pamela Anderson...Pamela was thin with very little curves except for her big fake tits. She was curvy & beautiful before all this crap she did to herself! How on earth does she look in the mirror & think she looks  amazing. Something is psychologically wrong with her.
They both were on botch she wanted but implants
I think its fine. If its ok to change your gender, then its ok to change your race. Ita her body. As long as she's not harming anyone I dont see a problem
It is terrible how she calls her self black boooooooo
Did she do something to change her accent too??😂😂😂
She truly does not mean harm. She does not know better. God Bless Her
Thought it was a joke!
maury has been looking the same for like 15 years
Die bitch u a disgrace to yo race n not happy wit yaself ugly ass
we can change the gender and it could be accepted,  but not the race? I didn't feel offended at all
crazy bitch with to much money and a very ugly face
I am terrified this is a shame
You mean to tell me it's NOT a paternity test episode??????
Shes a super sweet person tho :/ i dont dislike her
This world is so fucked up, why is it that we talk so highly of accepting people for who they are whether its changing their hair color, getting lip injections, getting tattoos, or even changing their GENDER! But let's not let someone change their skin color, thats still not okay. like wtf....really....none of this body modification and LGBT acceptance thing makes any fucking sense. At all. When you want to preach Let everyone be themselves, whatever makes you happy, everyone is different, its about whats on the inside, blah blah blah, how and why are people picking and choosing?? Theres no reason you should support the transgender community without seeing this as the same exact concept. This is second time I've seen a woman claim to be black when she was born white, but whats wrong with someone wanting to change their race when its okay to change  gender?? Because culture shouldn't matter, if thats what makes them happy, if thats who they feel they are on the inside...why should anyone give two fucks?? It honestly shouldn't bother anyone at all. People just have to feel like they are so in control of whats right and wrong and then. Us women don't get offended by a man trying to be female...when ourculture is different from a mans. When we've always been treated differently, when we have to deal with periods and childbirth and being underestimated. Feminism is very alive and real. But we don't bitch about trans women saying well you can't claim being a women because its more than skin deep. No we just accept them for who they are , if they feel female on the inside then okay. And vice versa, but whatever this world is just so fucking stupid. A big rotating paradox floating in space lol
I don't know what to stare at...\n\nI understand follow what makes you happy but you are who you are and that will never change... she is still Martina and that's who she will always be. Do what makes you happy,  that's what's most important
atleast she's with the black peoples side lol and not against them come on yeah its a bit stuffed up but on the bright side atleast she likes black people
Wtf
Atleast she's not racist
5:53 hahahahahahaha this dude
WHAAAAAT IS THIS?! 😂😂😂 is this real?!
Those reaction tho!!!! 😂😂😂snap!
Omg! She needs prayers
Black girls rock...is she serious  😂😂😂😂
6:22 🙄😳
Changing race is racist
WHOA!!!!
He wouldnt let her talk
What a clown! 🤦🏾‍♀️
wooooooow
Wtf chick!
Oh my god
Do you think god stays in heaven because he to fears what he created
I was like “ooh, my name!” Until I realised that Justin is an internet stalker. Lol
For some reason I needed the comments to make me aware of that giant porg in the back to actually notice it myself. What?
Jesus, did the 'Troll' author help Lucas develop in Star Wars Ep 1-3?
I know I've already over-thought this but: if it's established that he readily has access to her house, why bother with the seduction ruse?  Wait till she goes to her not-job, then go find the checks.
My mom dated a guy who was self published.  The blurb about his book was full of so many errors that it was illegible.
Internet is supposed to be capitalized. I don't care what AP says.
Well, Internet is supposed to be capitalized, as it is a proper noun for a location.
You look a lot like Elizabeth Olsen
You should try books from the google play store. Like, I seriously thought this would be about a girl who had sex with a troll because yesterday I found a book about a girl who has sex with the monster under her bed.
this was so funny I had to pause it early on and eat my toast quickly so as not to choke while watching 👍
me: who put a bunch of teddy porgs in the whole room?\njenny: oh don't you talk about my porgs! I LIKE PORGS!\n\nonly avgn/nc fans will get this.
Welp, I guess I'm funnelling bleach into my ears this evening...
As someone named Justin, I can say with confidence no panties are dropping for the name 'Justin'. When I travel I sometimes go by my middle-name, as it does SO much better socially. People don't even like saying 'Justin'... It's two syllables that, if the name didn't exist, would have absolutely no business being next to each other.
Why is Michael Cera wearing a wig in this video?
Why are there so many romance novels that fetishize creepy and illegal behaviors....? If the person who wrote this book had this done to her she wouldn't enjoy it, I garentuee.
Please narrate an audio book version of Troll.
Should I start trolling here then ?
It's funny that it's getting 5 stars on amazon because of this video haha
trolls are the new vampires. i sense a new trend. but first, let me sleep on it. justin case.
If you enjoy books like this, you should check out Dorothea Z Mongulla, Vermont real-estate agent and romance novelist.\nhttps://www.amazon.com/True-Love-Vermont-Dorothea-Mongulla/dp/1604029978\nBefore my wife discovered this, I've never seen the terms sugar walls and love spear used unironically in written form.
Jenny is hot in a cute kind of way.
I love you and would like to wed you. Can I fill out an application somewhere? Bonus--I have twelve camels.
Want a horrible book? Anything by Steven King.
Please review the sequels
Can we assume an internet troll wrote this book about trolling, in order to expand his trolling in to another media form?
Jenny you make my tummy rush in a lurch of, oh wait, never mind, some tums helped.
So that's my problem.  I'm not a creepy sexual harasser!  Huh.
Fun fact: It is correct to capitalise Internet!
I like how she didn't know what 'Only You' was/watching an underage girl discuss weird erotic fiction isn't a crime right?
A trilogy of Troll books?  Sooooo . . . a trollogy?
Please, do you have more recommendations? I bought it, read it to my girlfriend, and we were cracking up.
Jenny's just jealous. Of the author's skill and the protagonist's steamy romance.
as a internet troll you are saying there is a chance
that big stuffed animal looks like the chacal from sabado gigante. look it up. scary stuff
She is too cute her cute little nose cute voice and cute expressions she is just too cute
So it got pretty good reviews on goodread lol.\n\nBut i trust your opinion the most. Your opinions on entertainment resemble mine closely enough for me to trust them.\n\nBtw. Marry me. :) just TROLLING. Or am i?
Approximately the same quality love story as Twilight.
Dude!!! JENNY!!! You totally dig that book! Quit LYIN'! 😂😜😝
That purple prose tho...
I thought that The Secret by Rhonda Byrne was the worst book I've read. It was the only book that I've ever wanted to burn, (which of course one must never do). Read the contempt-laden reviews about The Secret, on Goodreads.com.
This is my favorite thing you've ever done. I hope you do more of these.
He was a Troll version of V For Vendetta but he just wasn't very good at the brain washing part.
What's up with the  giant penguin?
what a cutie patootie...
I think this book was actually written by JUSTIN! No woman would think that way. Would they? I'm a man and I can't see it happening.
I only watched the video because of the very interesting stuffed animals that you have.  For one, you seem to care enough to have a giant stuffed animal and actually seems two of the same one, a smaller one with a hat. \n\nYou should do a video on your stuffed animals and then another video with commentary on a psychoanalysis of what it means for young women to still sleep with stuffed animals.
Wish Jenny would write a 15 page romance novel then read it aloud in a video.
OMG.  This IS my favorite video now, but please Jenny Nicholson, don't give these people any more money for this monstrous kind of work.
This is the Greatest Channel I've ever seen.
the porgs dont look impressed with the story.
Thank you...now I have to read this book...
This concerns me about self-publishing my own story. It's nothing like this but still...
it sounds like fifty shades of grey, with some one with a mental illness, which I don't approve of because I used to do volunteered dealing with mentally ill people and I'm not impressed when writers use them as a gimik for there plots. being mentally ill is not funny, so writers out there that think that they can use mental illness for your enjoyment, stop.  If you are going to talk about  mentally ill people, DO YOUR GOD DAMN HOMEWORK FIRST!  rant over :(
When she said tummy I laughed so hard I spewed the water I was drinking across the room.
Maybe the actual book is a troll and you feel for it?
le reddit army has arrived *tips fedora* 👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ sHit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shit
That was incredible. Well done on this video!
Ever read Handbook for Mortals? That may be just about as bad as this. \n\n(At end of vid) Actually maybe not...
really good video, glad i found you
You are my favourite youtube star
This book is a cringefest. D: ^^
No book is worse than my Theoretical Calculus book.
Everyone has a fetish and there's a fetish for everyone. Isn't the internet great?
That´s really mean of you.........
finally, a love story worse than twilight.
I did not notice the PORG till 4 minutes in, that's how much I was enthralled by the story.
You Ought To Be In Pictures...Jenny
You should see the type of stories in digital novels on Steam. Then you'll know where these 'books' come from.\nAsians. It's not racist when it's true. Look up the developer teams.\nWhich by the way are some of the top selling games on steam. That should tell you something about the our own culture.
FYI Jenny because of your (awesome) comment on the 'star wars is dead' video it's now in the autoplay queue, at least for me. So by pointing out how daft it was you are giving it views. Weird that it works that way.
Emma Clark \n\nMark Camel \n\nMark(C)amel\n\nMark Hamill \n\nLuke Skywalker is the PrinceOfLightAndDarkness aka Genius1 confirmed. \n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/XdLci3I.jpg
Damn, girl. That's a rape fantasy. Emma Clark is not a woman.
you should make more terrible book reviews. it excited me in my belly. hahahaha
Spoilers: The giant Porg unzips itself to reveal a grinning Rich Evans.
ur are a stegosaurus\n\n(I will never hurt you)
Sounds like good book. Something to live by\nI'm taking over your channel baby girl .
Try Ruin and Rule by Pepper Winters for really really bad book
As much as I enjoy your content..THIS! This was a hard watch because of the cringe factor.
You are planning on doing the rest of the trilogy right? I sure hope so
You should sell audiobooks where you read terrible books.  You know, with commentary.
Judge Adkins is the most relatable character in this book.
Pretty much sums up my life\n Lol\n ;  )
I loved the Daredevil movie, both versions. :-D
This is amazing, this is the first video that i have seen of yours and i love it I'm sticking around
Hey Jenny\nHELL-o, I dreamt about you! I dreamt I cheated on my girlfriend with you. I\ndon´t want to cheat on my girlfriend with you, and you sort of looked like a\nmix of a bunch of different gals I´ve found myself attracted to in my life, but\nthe core was you, or your online persona anyway. You project a\nreally asexual vibe, but also really intimate and soft, sitting on the bed\nsurrounded by plushies, talking about star wars and such, such a fangless world\nof illusion and massive, emptying malls you seem to inhabit, Disneyland...\nAnyway, we were in a room similar to my room, with a window overlooking a\ngarden, a big window at night, and the thrill was really in playing this game\nwhere I was seducing you, but you were clearly on-board from the\nstart. There was no dumb coy aspect present, I was being very\ndirect about it, but there was humor in the air. I have to tell you my\ngirlfriend is SOFT, on a tactile level, my mind just ran those sensations when\nI slid into your mouth (it´s the internet, I know it´s not impressive to write\nthings like this, shut up, I´m not trying to impress you). I mean, I know I\ndon´t really know you, and I don´t want to cheat on my girlfriend lol, I´m not\ntrying to harass you or impress you, it was just a really vivid dream and I\nmean, \n\nIt was a\nreally mutual, sort of childish, innocent sequence of acts. Then the dream\nbecame a Fanny and Alexander Christmas thing and you weren´t in it\nanymore, just a bunch of spoiled rich kids asking for blueberries in a huge,\nthick comforting wooden kitchen table. I just thought this would be fun to\nwrite, and, hopefully, fun to read.
Geez, that book does sound really awful indeed. The expressions while reading it made me scared to read it myself. That's hilarious the idea of giving books nobody wants as gifts ha,ha. Love your work Jenny. Inspiring and positive energy you bring to this planet.
You need to do audio books with your honest commentary, that would be the best! lol
I thought the troll book was going to be a twilight version of that Troll 2 movie... something is horribly wrong with me XD
The worse book is the Bible, not because is bad, but because they doNOT have the logo that says, this books events are not real, they fail to tell people that is only fictional intended to educate people, and also because it has been manipulated with an intentional wrongful translation, because faith was used before as referencing intelligence not the belief in god, who doesn't exist, only man kind exists and all of you are bio-computers
I gaped
Open bobs plz
Please never move the Porg.
Cast the movie.
felt like pretty mild fanfic, im sure worse books exist
Oh dear Odin... that Porg
Seems like red-piller pick-up-artist incel power fantasy porno.
Hi
You're so adorable <3
Great Halloween spirit, nice shirt Jenny.
Gagnez Votre Vie Sur Internet http://bit.ly/2xynUuG
Her voice is unique 🎤🌷
I wonder if she caught her shades in time 1:06
Omg I didn’t know you were at Montreux Jazz this year!!! 😍❤️
I got the ad with her song in it! Love you Maggie!
why does she dress like a soccer mom who drives a mini van?
Awful, childish video! Shame really as you're a great artist!
I fucking love this girl. She’s just the best. Her performance at Outside Lands in SF last month was just amazing.
I've been waiting for this for so long ❤️
Who's here from the north face commercial?
I guess one pair of sunglasses was missing by the end of this.
Love the beat.. Its Refreshing and great vocals.. Great for soft listening! First song i heard from her and must admit her songs are awesome ! Love it!
New song from maggie!! this made my whole day better
One day when I already fed up with all of my family and friends bullshit, I'll go to the woods, put this song on earphone then dance like crazy with the trees.
gaw damn this is good
loveeee
Who else is still watching this in 2028?
Can't believe she filmed parts of this video in my hometown Hamburg! We love you soo much, Maggie!
1:29 If I made a music video it'd just be 4 minutes of me playing with other peoples dogs.
her voice is raw!
This song brought me to absolute tears and gave me the chills and I’m not quite sure why, but I love it.
Is anybody else getting constant North Face ads with this song in it?
sing like no one hear, and dance like no one cares...
The first time I listened to this I got an ad with the song before it and I was like wow the song in this ad is so good. I'll have to check it out later but it turned out to be split stones
Very excited by this song. It feels like an exciting step forward from the EP!!
maggue rogers inspires me day by day. her music is so beautiful. so blessed to have found her music
Love Amsterdam, love this song, love her style.
These lyrics speak to me on a whole other level. Really appreciate this
If you're not racist and believe that terrorism has no religion.   Then watch this video and leave comments. \n\nMust watch. Mslims are not terrorist...NoRacism:  \nhttp://youtu.be/EUaJy2OwGPc
Everything about you is brilliant. Keep fucking crushing it - you rock! 💕
does she lose her sunglasses at 1:05?
and she said she would take a break after this song comes out....
My favorite from her so far!! Speaks to my heart
Inlove with this song 😭😍💗 AMAZING HAPPY
LOTS OF GREAT NEW FEMALE SINGERS WITH GREAT VOICES LIKE THIS.
I still want to take Maggie out for ice cream.
I think I'm in love with her kinda crazy
This song is amazing!
Somebody should send this to Lissie... could be just 2 sisters... \nI like Lissie stuff and i know Maggie material since a year or so... but Maggie seems the most talented of the pair (i know i know i'm kinda cruel)
DAMN THIS IS JUST INCREDIBLE!! LOVE LOVE LOVE..
Amazing talent. Fell in love with her when I first heard Alaska. She does her thing without worrying about what anyone thinks about her. She's perfect
NEW MUSIC FROM MAGGIE OH MY GOSHHHHHHH
The North Face ad brought me here!
I had to sit through a 30 sec ad for this. \n\nIt was worth it.
Anyone here because of the North Face Ad?
is she not perfection?
So in love with this and Maggie!
Finally new music from Maggie. Gonna go ahead and replay this 7 million times.
Her recording style is so refreshing. It's clear that she puts some serious time and effort into these songs.
I heard this on a north face ad and I had to look it up loll
Love Maggie! Dresses like the 90's, but sings current genre songs!
such a free spirit
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
I'm sorry, it's a beautiful video and song, but IM TERRIFIED FOR HER SUNGLASSES BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE THEY FLEW OFF HER FACE AND INTO THE OCEAN.
You are like the coolest woman on earth.
I’m sorry, but this song is generic crap.  It sounds like so much else out there. I’m disappointed. Maggie is better than this.
Another bop and a half from my fave 🎉
I love her so much
Love you Maggie hope I can meet you one day.
I regonised Amsterdam and Rock Werchter \m/. I see that you had a great time. I enjoyed both shows and I hope you will be in the neighborhood again someday.
I love her shes such a babe
Maggie the type of girl you wanna be best friends with
21 people will never know what it feels like to Slit Stones!
I would have expected far more than only 22k views.
I can see all night you've been on split stones\nTrying to make it so we could play loud\nPicking at our souls like we didn't notice\nLike we were only playing with the sound\n\nTrying to control what was so low, but\nI never knew how then to just go and let it out\nLet it out\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\n\nAnd I'm not saying I would always speak up\nThat it didn't creep up on me all the time\nI'm just saying there was a window\nWhere you could've let go in that place and time\n\nLaughing all it off like it was innocent, oh\nAll I ever wanted was to get rid of it and let it out\nLet it out\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\n\nAnd I could see us there, you staring at me\nAnd me just praying for it\nI could see us there, standing cheek to cheek\nAnd counting week by week\nWishing everything would be clear\nI could see us there\nI could see us there\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose
I’m in Love 😍
amazing song. imagine her on a dope ass edm song or techno...\n\nupdate: heard the chorus drop. nice work
HERE FROM THE NORTH FACE COMMERCIAL AHAHA
YAS MAGS!! ♡
Rock Werchter footage, amazing show!
much love for maggie! undeniable talent
Glasses over board!!!
Great!!!
Love love love your lyrics/videos/tunes/vibes ✌
Love it
love you Mags!
This FIRE
Very Nice..Lovely!!
Amsterdam <3
Fix your glasses!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmKkRhPuhVF660P54QdeGeQ
1:06 her sunglasses came off lol
The beat reminds of 1998 by maxo kream
<2
IN LOVE
💙💚💛💜  from Taiwan
<3 maggie killing it
folk gang, gang gang
YASSS QUEEN !
1:07 R.I.P. for the sunglasses
Maggie rules
nc
Great song
Great!
1:05 RIP glasses
off brand sylvan esso
thanks for existing
New Maggie forever.
Just amazing and fabulous
Wow! So special! Thank you Maggie! Let's embrace life together sometime! Keep being beautiful and spreading it!
my baby's so talented. and also when u dance so hard ur glasses fly off the boat ;)))
LOL 😂😂
This guy is too funny I hope is going to win premiership this season he talk too much about other people
What a fun life. It seems like such a dream wow
Omg 😲 I'm so excited for your new collection! The liner and mascara looks so stunning. You're always so positive and I wish you nothing but success 😉
If you make a lipstick in that dark red colour, I would buy it in a heartbeat.
IM I THE ONLY ONE OR DOES ANYONE ELSE JUST SCROLLED DOWN THE COMMENT WHILE WATCHING??
Your eyeliner looks on point!😍
I love when zoe and Tanya are together
I've been loving the vlogs!!! That pearl coat is INCREDIBLE! Is filming a vlog easier/more fun than filming fashion/makeup videos?? Curious...
The breakfast looked so beautiful! and also CONGRATS ON THE RANGE T! The products look insane 😍 and so dreamy, I cannot wait to try them out! X
I watched Zoes video earlier and am now watching yours - it's so fun to see both perspectives of your day! loved the pumpkins - can't waaaaaiiit for more faliage and PSL!
I love that you're one of the only famous people whose makeup brands are actually affordable.. Like fenti for example is so expensive and you could have made yours expensive but you didn't :)
The beginning of the video is super relaxing (it seems like ASMR). It's a shame that Tanya is not an ASMR Artist because her voice is perfect for that ;)
Tan, when will your makeup line be available in the US? Please!
Loved the vlog as always thank you ❤️
I love your Vlogs :)
OMG YOUR MAKEUP ☺️ Love these vlogs Tan
Just purchased the eyeliner and brow pencil from feel unique because Superdrug has already sold out! So excited to try them :)
Hi tanyaaa i hope you will read this😚i am a huge huge fan of you and i love when janya and zalfie have fun together❤❤❤i really love you
I won the competition on Facebook and won a mascara! Thank you very much, I love it!!
I want to go to get a pumpkin now!!
Ahhhh I'm loving your vlogs! And the make up range is amazing it looks great! Keep up the good work xx
Can I just say the rain in the background makes me really happy
I love how passionate you are about your products! It tells me you actually put time and effort into it and it's not just something you attach you name too. Makes me wanna run out and grab everything!!! Congrats Tan!
Tan, will we ever be able to buy your products in Poland? Especially this collection, I'm very excited! x
Ohmygawd I remember that in one of your vlogs you showed a sample of your mascara and it was ages ago ! It’s so cool to see the final product now 🙃🙃 Let’s hope I’ll find it on November when I come back to London
I can’t wait to order this collection ♥️♥️
Congrats on your new makeup launch! Everything looks so fab 😻💗
12:34 and she finally finished her mascara! 😂
wondering if their was any way you could help me as I really want to be a makeup artist but I have no idea where to start and I’m ending high school at the end of the year
Congratulations Tanya. They all look like amazing products!!!
Has anyone ever made earl grey and added almond milk and real maple syrup? 👌🏻
Speaking of ankles, Tan hows yours?? i hope its doing better!
So happy Tanya vlogged ❤️❤️ they're always so relaxing to watch 😊
does anyone know where the sweater off the lady sitting next to Tanya is from. The sweater is with red, black and like a brown color. Would really love to know xx
The mascara you made is amazing!!
i love a good tanya vlog, and these products look amazing
Love Tanya’s vlogs and this one is specially because the gang is in it  and you’re collection is out !
Can we all take a moment and talk about Joe’s shirt!
Love your vlogs Tan and so excited I've ordered your selfie collection yay! Xx
When did she cut her hair again?
I looooovvvvveeeee this vlog and am so excited to try these products ❤💖
TANYA I LOVE WATCHING YOUR VLOGS! And the best thing is when you do make up and interact with us ❤️❤️  you're so natural and real. Please visit to India someday! Would love to meet you.
What shade do you use for your brows?
I'd like to get that mascara! Where can I make a purchase? Love from the Philippines, Tan!
Hello from France ! Your vlog is really cool ! :-)  (sorry for my English, I'm French)
I love hen i come home to one of your videos :)
Aw so glad to see you are friends with Suzie and Alix, I love them ❤️
YAY ! Love your videos ! This was much needed, makes me feel calm when I'm having bad anxiety ! 💕💜Thank you for inspiring me, I'm a childhood cancer survivor sharing my story on YouTube. You were one of the youtubers that inspired me to start my channel ! So thank you 💕💜💕💜💕💜
Yey! Two videos a week and it's a vlog! Feeling like Christmas)))
Any other youtubers want to support each other my goal is 1k x
Ur skin looks wow in this video. Skin care routine plzzzz 😘 love ya
Never tried your makeup before Tanya because I only wear mascara, BUT if yours does what you say I’m soooo going to try it out because I can never find the perfect mascara.
Why is Tanya christmas in a human?
Seems that the mascara was so beautiful... I hope I can have one. Arrrr....
What color did you use with the selfie sculpt brow pencil?
your vlogs are always so cheerful to watch! congratulations on the launch!
I need ur stuff in the USA
YOU WENT PAST THE SHAFTSBURY (excuse my spelling) THEATRE AND I PERFORMED THERE A FEW MONTHS BACK, MEMORIES❤️
ahh my mum used to cut up slices of appple with cubes of cheese for a snack when I was little too :D xx
I saw Jess!!!!!! I love her
Love you two so much the best friends goals and you two inspire me all the time 😍
I love Kate's voice! It's so soothing
What is here snap chat
You can't imagine how happy I get when you upload a vlog! I just grab some chocolate and we are good to go 😎😎
I’m wearing my mascara right now!! And I love it I’m so happy I was one of the 250 people!!!!!
You and Zoe are SOOO CUTE especially together!!😻❤️❤️❤️😻❤️😻💋💋
Love u so so much 😻 are you coming to hello world? Xx
Yayy Love this blog even though I haven’t watched it yet
I remember the vlog where you mentioned you were making a mascara 😂and now it’s finally here😀😀💖💖💖💖the collection looks amazing!!! Can’t wait to try it out😍❤️love you tan💗💗xxxxx
Tanya Inspired me to create my YouTube channel, I just posted a SHOPPING CHALLENGE WITH MY BROTHER! It would mean SO much to me if you could check it out 🙊😭💖🌈
Her full lips 👄😩
❤❤❤❤❤
Omg Sunbeamsjess!! Love her! Congrats on your range Tan- looks amazing❤️❤️❤️❤️
#selfiestorycollection
you are #no1
❤️❤️
Saw Jess ✨
Hgd
❤️❤️❤️❤️
24 minutes THANK YOU TARNNNNNNN
earliest ive ever been
Early Ilysm
SUNBEAMSJESS!
hi tanya live vlogs
💗💗
Luv thiss💗💗💗💗
Slay girl ❤️
YASSSSSSSS IM OBSESSED WITH TANS VLOGS CANT WAIT XOXO LYSM :)
Yasssss!
Hi xxx
Hi Tanya, please please please make it available in the US please~\nLove the product look!
You like \nTanya \nZoella \nOr \nNiomi smart
i loveee when you and zoe are together! xo from my channel to your’s <3
love ya tan!
Ahhhh I just love your vlogs x
YASSSSSSSS
Your products look amazing !  Thanks for sharing with us.
Is any of your makeup vegan?
OMG i love this so much tan you make me so happy and confident and i just love watching you you make me just believe in myself that i can do anything xx
I love you Tanya ♥️♥️♥️♥️ I ordered your signed book. I am from Australia 🇦🇺 and I can't wait to receive it. Your new collection looks amazing 😍😍😍😍 congratulations!!!!!
heya tanya !!! where is your thick cardy from ? <3 <3
Cool Senator Padmé Amidala on a diplomatic mission for the Galactic Senate.
poe dameron and padme
You really have no idea what it was?\n\nI know exactly what it was.\n\nWhat was it?\n\nIt's a dick in a box.
I've read the books of this series and there is no way they can accurately represent the insanity and oddness of this book through a visual medium.
I like anything with Natalie Portman, she's a class act
Ex Machina is a very good movie by this director it's a beautifully shot and thought provoking movie. If you haven't seen it definitely check it out before this comes out.
Natalie Portman roles always cut like a two edged sword
The book is very interesting. I trust Alex Garland will adapt it into a very good film.
Guys they're making a movie on the life and times of MUH DICK.  Stay tuned!
If it's being released in February you know what that means. it's probably a doozy.
Total coincidence but.. from the people who brought you the arrival 
It's like the end is near
Padme having an affair with Poe? Shit like this trailer is what made anakin turn to the dark side, smh.
This is based of a book that seems to be straight rip off of HP Lovecraft.  This story came out almost 100 years ago, it's called The Color Out of Space.  If they're going to do Lovecraft,  I want them to do Call of Catthulhu next
This book was 200 pages of terrible. I'm sure this movie will be 2.5 hours of wtf terrible too, just like Arrival.\nArrival sucked. Anyone who disagrees is *WRONG*
I can already tell that the ending will be disappointing
When are we going to see a movie trailer with a joji song in it
Really people? Another ghostbusters “re-imagining”? But seriously this is just Arrival repackaged
Reminds me of the planet from the last Alien movie.
Hey it's Benny Wong! Fucking love that guy
I have no clue what's going on, but it looks pretty cool.
Lol I see you Natalie trying to be in an alien flick. I’ll simply see this just to see what Natalie does. I just hope it’s not another contact . That ish was beyond bad.
A sci-fi that's original?....\n\nWhat's​ Hollywood smoking?!?!
Take off of the Predator and Alien movies - horror and mass killing is my guess that she was the only one left out of her group to report at the end of the movie.
So what I took away from this trailer was.. flowers... wildlife... flowers... trees... flowers... people with guns fighting the forest... flowers.. \n\n\n\n\n\nAnd a few more flowers
I don't get it...
Soon as the scientist said can you describe its form; was it carbon-based. I knew it was a must see. I enjoy thought-provoking sci-fi films that involve exotic lifeforms.
I've never understood why trailer producers/editors feel the need to generate fake audio that clearly won't wind up in the final film. Did anyone notice how artificial and sewn-together Portman's final I can save him line was? Like what's the purpose of adding something like that. At the very least do a better job!
The book was about a girl who   Kills Mother Nature and find a cure to restore it back to its natural state because niggas got effected like shit and shit happened idk wtf I'm talking about , please end my life rn
yea ofc, female protagonist. like omg like i love this movie
So that's what happened to Jane Foster. Thor, you asshole!
So it's the happening done right?
So what made you want to make this movie?\n\nWell, I was listening to Botanist while reading HP Lovecraft
Paramount makes good movies and that's a good trailer but I probably wouldn't see it cause they tried to make it look too much like avatar
I own the book! Read the first five pages... never got back to it. Now I want to read the rest! Alex Garland wrote one of my favourite books ever, the Beach. And his directing resume so far is top notch (well aware it's only one movie). How can this and the book not be amazing?
Vandermeer is an amazing writer, and this trilogy is awesome. Looks like Garland will do it weird justice.
It has some similarities to Arrival and Contact. It looks great.
2018 is shaping up to be a better year for Paramount
I'm a simple man.  I see Alex Garland and I click.
Thanks for the trailer!  from dyrectory.com - business directory.
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=28086\n\nGo to this site if you want to make a little bit of extra money it works like it really does no bullshit
Players cant fund rallys or marches or help blacks in need no they have to knee on national anthem while the true hero is standing there at attention Americans boycott NFL Now
Looks like the signal if it was a sequel... Mabey it is
why do directors and writers include m16's and shitty conventional weapons in movies like this when in reality they wouldn't and don't do a damn bit of good...
Jane the Virgin to Jane the Badass
So far it looks like a steaming pile of dung....
The ominous music makes it so I can feel the danger closing in. Amazing.
After watching this teaser, I think the novel might be more interesting on reading than watching it.
Click the link it will make you money  http://salarydone.com/?cash=369
Looks like a sci-fi/horror film which is the one genre of film we don’t really need (or want) but I know it’ll be good so it’s ok.
Aliens are our friends... If they wanted you dead you would be dead already. That can litterally draw matter into existence...
seems very mysterious and something I would watch
That's how you do a darn trailer. I have not a clue what this movie is about.
hated this series. Writing is good but there's no answers. If you liked lost, this is for you.
Check out my gopro adventure and subscribe to see more videos of my awesome adventures with my 3 best friends....... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjIQMKLhqJE
Anyone remember that movie where a group of people come across a temple and plants start to grow in and on them?
Any Small YouTubers Want To Support Each other? Sub and like and I will subscribe  back
Nat Portland character: When you're still tripping from the weekend and you go to work anyway
The Arrival, Star Wars and Stranger Things combined.
looks like it's going to be a good movie. holy shit.
Angelic/heavenly iridescent light.\nA naive looking pair in a forest.\nFlickering/burning trees/bushes.\n\nI get a theological/biblical subtext\nin some of the visuals. \n\nThis teaser is fascinating.
So is this stranger things or what?
How to Make money online \nhttps://youtu.be/pPO6B9FPP6o
By the creators of *EX* *MAKINA*......... *DING*
Lately spill burden occasional gang your diagnose freshman name discuss click dream term.
herbetone
Jane!
Garbage.
good game.
Wow
https://www.spandidos-publications.com/br/7/2/105
ehhh another generic sci fi movie
What happened
Movies a dud. Natalie Portman is shit at her job. Miscast, misdirected horseshit
trippy
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=42506
S
Looks like ass.
Another movie like arrival
This reminds me of Stalker
Cast looks awesome. Gina, Tessa, Oscar and Natalie? YES.
Damn! this shit looks good!
Another crappy movie . . . Super
Ummm... What?
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=42144
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=30351\n\n^^^^^^ those people crazy
Meh.
What da fuq this looks sick
Meh...it looks okay.
Pass.
G
The synopsis https://youtu.be/5pS18h04ZTM
i see natalie portman, i click play
Dornish bastards are called Sand.
Pls subscribe to my channel
Yee
🔴 ��  Annihilation 【HD】M0VIE] ➤ ( bit.ly/2ybFHZT ) 🔴
Lol this looks absolutely retarded
Those guns look like modded nerf stryfes.
Are they on earth? Or a colony on the planet zultar? Where the fuck are they? I wanna know... dammit!
In times of struggle, this video made me thankful and happy to be alive.
Can't wait for this series. Long live David Attenborough!
Thanks for the spectacular view of our beautiful planet!
I'm in love and awe 😍 Purely amazing.
hands down. the best!
(Outside Time)\nAs A DD 4D Theoretical Light Philosopher I Know Infinity Was\/Is Life’s & 4R Choreographer, All Ways Inn/\Side Real Space Yet Outside Time Wells Away From D 3D 2D Primordial Slime.  \nInfinity’s flaming R B gat its naming R B gating its I.D Star which B gat its I’ll ave a tea tar mar, 2B or not 2B U C depends on whether or not UC it is real reel life 4D but not reel real life DD.\n(Created Time)\nDNA 1C x AHA 2B x WHAT IF 3D = Just Is 4D DD = living Vs life & reality Vs actualities duality, Inn/\brother words life cud B great living is shite & its arranged that way 2 avoid DD’s slight.\nUC U can C inn/\side Infinity’s chi energy void & C clearly how its lovingly & logically buoyed, supported by R (R) (T) Holy Spirit/s of/\off ST. Hmmm ball takes place inside infinity’s womb.\n(R)(T) S+T \\// Ur’s Sin “less”, E =’s MC bc’s x JC’s cd x DJ ad’s Knowledge =’y Shared x Paired.\nU can C it with/\inn contemplation & concentration inn/\side consideration & consecration, infinity peeked as DD’s 4D big, huge massive idea occurred literally coming as DD’s 4D Word.  \nDD’s E = Math!?/\?!/\!?/\?!Magician is wot UC if U transcend Ur body mind heart & soul 4D, with/\inn Infinity’s Hotel Ur intentions R weighed 2C 4D reaction as Ur accounts 4R DD paid.\n(Created Time)\nA quick dip inn/\side ink\/well inn/\order 2C DD Inn/\brother words a portal of/\off destiny, receive Ur badge of honour Ur DD prime body 4D real planet earth where we’re ball DD & 3.\nI Know Watt U Think & U Do Think Wrong We’re Stall Finite Particles Off/\Off Infinity’s Bong, I Nose Wot U’s Stink Butt Ur Beings Distracted We’re Ball Finite Particles Beings Comp acted.\n(Outside Time)\n(Ps. DD stands 4 Double D, 4D sakes of D rhyme)
Could this have been any more epic. This looks amazing. I wonder if in a few years they might make a Human Planet 2?
Needs a moon fish
This mans voice makes the documentary like 100% better
Thom singing over a montage of ocean life and such #fanofbbcearth4life
What are the minimum specs?
Just beautiful!! Wish more people could appreciate our earth's beauty
Blue planet is definitely the best BBC series
So this is why planet earth two was only six episodes and felt like it was lacking in content. BBC cutting the scale of their documentaries due to funding is suicide. Its all they have, well that MOI and child rapists. How did jimmy Savile get away with it? Tax funded propaganda? don't want to answer that, THEN KEEP MAKING ANIMAL DOCUMENTARIES OR ALL WE HAVE LEFT OF YOU IS TO ASK DIFFICULT QUESTIONS YOU DONT WANT TO ANSWER. bbc covered up a child sex ring and are still do it today. Any quick google search will make the good ol beeb look like what they don't want it to look like. Youtube the corbettreport report and the bbc exposed.
wow! those are some breath taking scenes!
They should release this in IMAX
The GOAT of Narration is back
Looks way better than many movies already
The word 'LEGEND' is to small for David Attenborough
I just went on an adventure that words can't describe for 5:05 and I loved every second of it.
I love this guy .
My childhood was built on these documentaries☺️😊
Get rid of the singing/vocals, christ.
Even National Geographic's 150 years of experience can't hold a candle to BBC's documentaries, simply amazing
I hope BBC Earth does a movie with Coyote Peterson some day
I remember when the orginal came out on Blu-Ray ... time flies
i remember the 1st blue planet that i saw. way back in the day in like 2002, i had to of been either 13 or 14. so there finally coming out with a second blue planet after all these years. i use to fall to sleep with these documentary films. i always did liked David work.
And finally my childhood is back
So when can I see it?
James Cameron should collab with Radiohead to do the music for the next avatar movie
Is David Attenborough the white Morgan Freeman  or is Morgan  Freeman the black David Attenborough?
What song is that 😭
Guys plz I love how y'all are saying this is beautiful and everything but if we don't take care of earth this show will just be a memory of what was once filling our oceans
Seriously don't know if I'm emotionally ready for this.... our oceans are in a pretty sorry state right now :/
Uniquely beautiful, David. Can't expect less from you and BBC.
If we don't stop climate change and hold the polluters responsible, this series could be a record of an ocean that doesn't exist any more. Imagine that.
I wish I could travel the world and film animals. I imagine the job is incredibly tedious but very rewarding.
I've watched all of the episodes in the Planet Earth (1 and 2) and the Blue Planet series several times. That's how much I enjoy them. Looking forward to watching Blue Planet II. I know the footage in each episode will be stunning like the prequel. Sir David Attenborough and Morgan Freeman are the best narrators in my opinion.
I feel like I just committed a crime by watching it on my phone rather than on a real IMAX screen.
you might as well make a VR version
But...think about what's happening to the world right now when new born kids come out they won't see this and I know why that's if we change the world go to goggle look at the world and water we want it to be clear and clean so anything in the world that lives in the water can be happy so new born and kids can see like hey mom look at the world and the way we can see it so clean and clear and who did that? Well we did but right now it doesn't look clean or clear but that's why we have smart people that help the world and water so in the future we can see something so powerful and say holy cow......WE DID ALL OF THAT ....not really god did but like you helped it WE HELPED IT make it look clean and clear just help the world because it's better to let kids and family's know that your a friend with Mother Nature and let them say hey let's join to let's help her let's help her get better lol
GOD....DAMN THIS PLANET IS BEAUTIFUL 😭
Wouldn't the prequel to 'Blue Planet II' be 'Blue Planet I' ????
All these creatures and the Orca is still the undisputed king
sad that we're killing the largest habitat on earth
Hans Zimmer makes the most beautiful music ever
Goosebumps in the literal sense.
The ocean is truly amazing 💙💙
The new subnautica update looks great!
This better be on netflix
Phenomenal! No one can replace David Attenborough, NO ONE!  Not even Morgan Freeman.
When is this game coming out?
In the future, I hope there is a VR version
Am I the only one confused by the fact that they're calling this a prequel?
Soooooooooo exciting I've been waiting for this and I've watch the original one so many times
My childhood is back!!!!!
Can anyone here come and see if my door is locked?
His voice makes it perfect
I cant wait Blue Planet 1 was absolutely amazing
If you don’t put this in 4k hdr on amazon video to rent I’m gonna punch a fish
BBC Natural History films. One of the few things the Brits can still be proud of. Oh....and Brexit too.
This makes me want to watch blue planet again.
thank you for making this ! love to all
That moment when you hear David narrating and you know for a fact it’s going to be amazing.
Is it bugging anyone else that it's titled Blue Planet II : The Prequel?  I mean come on.  It's either part 2 or it's a prequel.  It could part 2 of a prequel.  But that's not how it's titled leading me to believe the former.  Anyway Blue Planet is awesome.
Been down for days, this made my day! Thank you bbc!
Why look for Life on the Red Planet. Let me first see Blue Planet. Take me away from my desk and keyboard so that I can experience Life that God/Allah intended for me.  Thank You Sir David Attenborough / Thank You BBC, you are the best.  Salaam.
I wish I could meet Sir David Attenborough..!!
Narration and music are great. Can definitely do without the whiny vocals by this band. Just ruins the mood.
Wow great filming and sound nc
This is just beautiful. \n\nNext generation of British home cinematic is just spectacular, especially for the children that will experience it.
Wow.. Just wow. This somehow transcends beautiful/entertaining/educational; this is art in the truest sense of the word. Kudos to everyone involved and I can't wait to own this on blu-ray. Once I can afford the whole 4K setup you can bet my first buys will be Planet Earth II and Blue Planet II.
you sir are a legend! i am looking forward to watching this, its going to be brilliant!
Nearly as good as the Emoji Movie
They put a GoPro on a turtle.
Anybody else watching this high 😂💨
أكثر من رائع
Pure beauty.
2:12 CGI?
Amazing
Beautiful music,breathtaking images
https://www.spandidos-publications.com/br/7/2/105
Unprecedented
NO 4k?
God himself would be amazed
U all make breathtaking documenteries
I am wet
Fantastic mind blowing
#porn
Goosebumps...
I'M HYPPPEEDDD
3:57 -- creepy AF
Stunning and so beautiful !
wow
anyone else seen nemo?
looks awesome!!!  👍✨
can't wait!!!!
Thanks God.
Wow.
Good background music!
Omg I laughed for like 4 mins straight, with tears, losing oxygen, almost passed out and woke the neighborhood type laugh... I freaking luv this dude... He cracks me up!!! And now I have a headache from laughing so hard and my eyes are swollen from tears of laughter but it was so worth it... ♥️🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭
I'd take James over Channing any day.
Other than being a Sodomite, how did this slob get his late-night gig? Is that all it takes?
My name is jeff
My name is jeff
Let me predict the future here.! Gordon is gone lose some weight and gain some mussels. He is now ready.
+JamesCorden has to stop displaying that disgusting fat ass ugly unhealthy body on public television. Fat twat
he is just funny
He's just annoying.  What a fat fagot
1. M saw this in 1. Day. Im glad i clicked. Funny 😝
That thumbnail alone should be dropped from ad revenue
Channing's face looks really puffy in this video.
This could be a tv show
My name is jeff
is this from step up movie
Ok i laughed so hard  James u rock
Channing is off season! I'm disappointed that he can't keep a 6 pack year round
Channing Tatum looks like a thumb with a hat on the thumbnail 😂😂😂😂😂
never thought i’d see james corden strip lmaoooooooooo
Yessss to the Dirty Dancing monologue! Go get em Magic James!
Nothing says I'm uncomfortable with my body than wearing a T-shirt and hoody the entire time.... No Shame Bro!
Well... that went from 0 to 100 real quick
His name is jeff
All the dancers are just 😻😻😻
He....he's built a monster.....
Tatum you look like shit what happened you look old bald and fat
Anyone notice the Pirate Black Yeezy’s
I need to see the bloopers for this. 😂
This is why we need James
What kind of name is Channing?
My name is Jeff.
Players cant fund rallys or marches or help blacks in need no they have to knee on national anthem while the true hero is standing there at attention. Free publicity at veterans expense
Everybody subscribe to my channel help me hit 1 thousand
what are you fucking gay.
Remember the late Swayze and Farley?
Channing is way too old to be wearing his hat backwards. Whatever I’d still let him do me.
...but um, can I get these guys to host an event...y'know...for a friend.
Whoa look at all the girls with fat boyfriends leaving comments?
Come out of the closet.
this thumbnail is so weird
I lost my shit when Fifth Harmony started playing
I love this so much it’s so funny 😂😂😂🤣🤣
Hearing Camila Cabello’s amazing voice in Work From Home while James sexed it up on the dance floor made my entire life
I'm a simple man. I see James Corden spreading his legs I click on it
That was adorable Channing Tatum and James Corden being 'Magic Mike and Magic James.'  Goodness, James Corden comes up with the best comedic character's.  James Corden makes fun of his weight and James Corden is a bit overweight but far from obese, like Kevin James and 'The Fresh Prince Of Belair,' Uncle Phil who actually had to gain the weight to play Uncle Phil.  He is now deceased.  Christian Bale lost a whole man's body weight for 'The Machinist.'  Terribly thin, as did, Matthew M., and Jared Leto.  The actress who plays Brigette and is fully American, learned to speak in a U.K. accent, gained 40 lbs., (I never saw the movie's), the one that had Tom Cruise at 'Hello,' her name escapes my memory at this moment, Renee Zellweger, gained and lost weight and was thinner each time.  I completely understand it's about the money they are paid... oh yeah, Tom Hanks and the Wilson ball when the Fed Ex 'movie' plane crashed, 'Castaway,' and in 'Philadelphia,' playing an AIDS lawyer who sued because he was fired due to the disease, and Hanks went on to winning an Academy Award for his role.  I think James Corden is an amazing talent!  💫
He should of brought the guy from 22 jump street
James cordens whole schtick is I'm the biggest beta
I just died inside
I was immediately happy that i clicked on this video
Can you groom me to remember whether I locked the door?
Chan is lookin more like a daddy, #dilf!
My mans James With the yeezys
This is fun lol
😅 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
This is stupid
2:37  I dieeeddd !!
Channing wearing that Alabama hat
*Chucky Chan*
i regret clicking the trending button
Chris Farley and Patrick Swazye look weird here...
James Corden's obesity is embarrassing
https://youtu.be/wwKGWivnjj0
white people weird AF
HHAHAHA
Jame corden is gross fat slob
Man Channing Tatum is getting old.
Oh! My!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂🔥👌🏽
James Corden is such a closeted fag.
Dat thumbnail tho 😂
Love it lol!!!
Channing! Channing! Channing!!!
ROLL TIDE
Came her for the OT5!!!! #FifthHarmony ❤❤❤❤❤ Ally, Normani, Camila, Dinah, Lauren
Sign dangerous curves ahead
😂😂😂😂😂
Roll Tide!
Silently waiting for Little Mix carpool Kareoke
MynameJeff
Ma nam jeff
Damnnn James 😍
Fruit boy
Why shirt still on?
Thirsty women everywhere lol
Umm....ROLL TIDE!
Afghanachan! 😂
What a thumbnail
2:27 spreading manspread
What a clown!
Damn
My name Jeff
ɪ ᴡᴀɴɴᴀ ᴅɪᴇ ʏ ᴅɪᴅ ɪ ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ ᴛʜɪs
Hahaaahaha James is one funny guy
ew look at his jiggly belly
On some straight shit Channing tatum be goals
as soon as james took off his pants i had to stop and think if i should still be watching
My name is jeff
I was hoping they'd dance to Pony by Ginuwine 😂
Come on James you've got this 😂😅 ur doing good
FIFTH HARMONY MY GIRLS😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
#1trending
sell everything and donate it
Finally he got a helmet!! 😁
Oh Man Fingers Crossed for you casey - Hopefully its not the end. Im also addicted to running so maybe know how you feel buddy. Running keeps me sane. Looking for a positive outcome - Jim Andrews - Thailand Small Vlogger!!
My cousin, his wife and kids live in Denver.
I’ve got a brilliant idea, how about you just send all that stuff to me instead, boom problem solved
Do u have cameras all over NY? Lol
Why not start a casey mail channel
*looks at title* in other news, people eat food
you should give it to the hurricane relief of Puerto Rico
Yeah i need a starter drone but cant really afford one since im always spending my money on fixing and upgrading my cars, lots spent on aftermarket parts :/ well guess not just have to be patient for my car video documentary  , i do alot of on how to videos but my computer tower burned out bumer _ well no biggy ill get my shit straight ...lol
Could I get a skateboard?
I don't like the idea of selling it on eBay, because it leaves not memories. Plus people like me, that can't really afford to spend money on that, can't buy it.
Send it to me
It's obviously how you look.....
Like a spoilt child boasting to his pals.
c h a r i t y... charity... Charity... CHARITY
give it to the needy bro
I'm not saying you're ungrateful.... at all!! However, why not start sharing the love with your fans, hehehe\nStart doing GIVEAWAYS!!! Cause I too am disabled, and I too am trying to get stuff together to start a YouTube channel because right now I can barely leave my house, I'm lonely and bored as all hell. I'm also broke as hell because I can't work....
Give away to non profit organizations...\nOk you're doing it, I think a clever move.
How to Dad!! NZ represent!
why don't you donate that stuff?
the bids on some of the items you have listed are ridiculous
U should give those clothes and mattress blankets , etc to homeless 👍🏻👍🏻
Never understood the appeal of this man he has no personality he’s not Very attractive and he has made shit loads of money from it go figure
I would love if you could sell the t-shirts and put all the costs to a charity
You should hire a few  people to do this job. Pay them a good hourly wage and they take photos, put them online, etc... It might turn into a full time job for a few people.
You really should put the shredlights on your boosted board tbo
thank you for Helping my Family in Puerto Rico  You Are The Man I Know You Got Haven Doors open For you. i not Cristian But i Convince The GOD sign your name in The Golden Book, for sure! God Bless You .  Daaaa he all Ready did ...  lol  Thank you Tu Amigo Hector Serrano For Kissimmee Florida,,,,
Thanks for helping my PR man!!
wish u were still in denver and yes please move hear.
I Don't See Any Problems.
Ya your problem is that you look like a fucking alien
Casey I will be glad to take it all 😊
You use bandana, you can sell them all
Donate it! There's a lot of people with nothing around the country right now!
Hell rifle Looks for me really   crazy %gentleman  :‑)
How about selling the stuff that you have up there and are not using and donate that money to a worthy cause?
Man, i just really wanted to thank and apriciate to the universe Casey's existance. Hey Case, you are a fckn inspiration to me
As if it wasn't obvious enough Casey
how about givaway? i Would love to have sum stuff (=
Yea I remember why I lost interest. Casey talks about nothing
Help me out I could use a newer car then what I have.
I could actually use a bike like that. I deal with chronic pain so riding a normal bicycle I can only do for a little, but with that electric bike I have an attachment I could hook up to it so my dogs could jog along side me and I could actually give them the exercise they need. I'll have to see how much those bikes cost though.
I'm thinking you need to put ALL that stuff on Craigslist and donate the proceeds to charity.
give it out, sell or give to fans or donate to ppl in need like those that had hurracane
I'm broke in college sent me a skateboard Casey
I love your videos Casey. Please consider giving some donations to those in Puerto Rico and Mexico. They are going threw many hardships right now and in need of love and support!
When youre rich and if you go bankrupt u can just sell all your stuff and become rich again lol
Struggling musician here. you can send me any music equipment you don't want. I promise it will get used
Casey i feel like if you sign the stuff or everything it might shoot up the price or just a nice touch from you
@caseynesist i also need a camera to start vlogging but   u wont give it to me!!
Donate it to a charity for single moms or homeless.
That book is from New Zealand
to much money to buy your stuff its from 50 to 15k you are getting hell of money i can bid like 50k and not pay you know that a lot\n of people who know this will do it
Donate  clothes items to people affected by the recent hurricanes
I get unreasonably excited when opening mail. I would totally love to open mail all day and separate it and organize it.
I know that his vote option was super biased but at least his vlogs are standing up to their titles
Give it to your viewers of which I'm not one.. easy
U should donate all the items to people
When u hit random on the skyrim character creator
Your problem reminds me of the George Carlin bit on Stuff. But man, when you die, your wife/kids are going to have a nightmare going through all that shit, lmao.
That’s all I get about Denver?! I was hoping for more about my Mike High City.
That Gillette ad got to me man.
Always a great idea to pay it forward.  To give to others in need.  Great idea Casey!!
I have watched all the videos of yours. So please check mine also plz
Colorado is the best!!
*Eye* can see why.
Live in Denver and wish I knew he was here
Hi Casey, Ive been watching your vids little over a year now. Im a young adult from small island known as Puerto Rico who currently in Chicago pursuing a degree. You don’t  how much you videos have help me living in the big city and deal with obstacles i encounter. When my island got hit by the Hurricane I didn’t hear from my family for a week and when i heard from them i cried so much cause i knew there were good. But this isnt the case for everyone. Ive been trying to stay strong for my fellow islanders and see how i can help. So i just wanted to say me hearing that a big you-tuber is trying to help us means a lot. I cried a little just hearing that you even considered helping with sending proceeds over there. Just wanted to say that money will not go to waste and the puerto rican people will be a little better with people like yourself helping in some little way. Thanks you for being there in for me and now being there for my Lovely Puerto Rico
Please do not forget us folks down in the Virgin Islands!
What sunglasses was Oscar wearing? They look awesome, also you rock Casey.
When Casey mentioned he would send the money earned to non profits, I immediately thought about Puerto Rico. Then Casey mentioned he was going to send it to Puerto Rico. I almost cried. It makes me so happy to know that a person I think so highly of is also concerned and thoughtful of the same things I am and is using his platform to help these people that are so desperately in need. THANK YOU CASEY!
You can send it to Mexico people, the recent earthquake left people with nothing.
send some things to me ..... I'll keep it ... if u want it back I'll give it back
Casey!! Im in PR right now my name is Leonardo and Im 16 years old. I really appreciate a lot what you’re doing  to help us thank you!! Many people need the goods. For now my family and I are okay, we have food, a generator and enough water. Ive been helping out by picking up trees, getting them out of the way in the roads, etc. Anyway, like i said thank you and keep up the goof work on the videos, love them!
Also, sign the merchandise Casey!
Does anyone notice that a lot of this video and a lot of other videos this guy makes I just him going hey look at all my stuff and the expensive shit I do
Casey can I be your personal mail opener?
Made my day!
Good Job Casey
👍
Couldn't even focus your thumbnail
Yes!!
This guys still around?
$11000 for a suitcase? wtf
donate them stupid!!
Casey buy the gopro hero 6
Donate the stuff. Jeez.
Autism?
K🔒⚠️
God damn problems
Terrible photo shop skills
This is truly disgusting.   You are truly a shit, your videos are shit.   Everyone hates you and you must leave YouTube immediately.  Go now
You should donate some of that extra stuff to hurricane victims.
Subbing back to everyone that subs to me comment on latest vid if you subbed and I'll sub back and please like this comment
I think you should donate some of the stuff that is just laying around. That would probably make a really cool video too
*LOL, There are going to be so many false bids, not everyone likes Casey or Puerto   Ricans*
Donate to people in need
Nice idea.
These vids just make me wanna somehow be an entrepreneur or be wealthy
I was about to ask why hasn't his finger fallen yet 😂
Come on do more 😰😰
What if Arnold jumped in a black hole
Hey Arnold, but it's called Meet Arnold and he goes into a microwave and pretty much dies
put arnold into an ocean of ice
What would happen if Arnold got stuck in a steam room!
Shit, I just gave my kid a bath but we had no towels..........ILL BE RIGHT BACK.
I just wanna know how anyone found this out..
Those who subscribe me will get 10 subscribers in a week or month. If u give me 5 subscribers, I'll give you in a week. Minimum 2 subscribers then in a month. Write ur channels name in reply
In every episode Arnold's finger has to fall off😂😂😂😂
Why do he always dies?
Love it subcriber me say meet kk
what happens when we fall in black hole
what happens when you have no shaving foam
that resto at the end is definetely a hint for the next video
What would happen if Arnold was in an elevator crash? (This probably won't get suggested but oh well)
What will happen when you kill yourself?
Wow, in every episode Arnold always loses a finger
Cooked in microwave confirmed worst way to die
But not like every day
Who tf go inside the microwave
What happens if arnold were in Africa
The Nazis have already tried this experiment
This was the most disturbing video I've ever seen...\n\n\n\nBut I love it 😂😂
What if Arnold got a botched finger reattachment surgery?
Next episode will be something with a restaurant
Oh what the hell
what happens when Arnold falls from Bruj Khalifa?
if i was you i would have just put him in the sun again\n\n\n\n\n\nalso happy 666k subs!
Oh shit 666k subs guess we know where Arnold’s going next XD
Burn arnold with the little inferno entertainment fireplace.
You guys have triple 6 for your channel you are evil.
Look at the first 3 numbers in his subscriber count
Well. .I learned that what I suspected would in fact happen.
What if you put Arnold on the other planets
Arnold always has a finger fall off in every video
666,666 subs, at least that is what its at
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
The amount of subscribers he has
Meet Arnold He's Socking wet How would you Warm Him Up?
Send Arnold to North Korea with a MAGA hat on... sorry did I say North Korea, I meant UCLA.
What does it feel like to faint
Oh Yea, I love being cooked from the inside out.
666K SUBS!!??\nEdit: MAKE A VID ON what would happen if you fell into a blackhole PLEASE!!!
I'm so thankful slavery ended..bc some slaveowner would make a giant one...dfu too..
Limme see what would happen if arnold pulled all his hair out or went to the deepest ever known sea
What happened if Arnold goes and drinks bleach after hearing it on a game
How do you know? Have someone get in a microwave before?
Arnold literally cooks *from the outside in* and not the inside out, especially with a microwave that only penetrates the first 2 cm.
I have been watching theses for a month
What will happen if you were invincible
What would happen if you had no air for 1 minute
What will happen to Arnold in tornado
Meet Arnold,\nHe's wet
Shrink arnold in the size of an ant
*Arnold's finger falls off*\n\nMe: You should get better finger
Send Arnold to my ass
Send Arnold To Bermuda Triangle
Put my finger up 🖕
Brainless Arnold
1 subscriber = 1 Arnold not being tortured
Poor Arnold
*Raises finger*
BURMUDA TRIANGLE
That is dark
Send arnold straight into Chernobyl npp 4 reactor
I live arnold
Real content
Trip inside human body
He looses his finger AGAIN!
666k subs 😱
Currently 666K subs. CoNgRaTs
No.
Look at the subs lmao
666k subs
666k subs good job👍😘
666K
666k subscribers.
My son Arnold fuego 🔥🔥🔥🙏😤😤😤
666 subs
666k subscribers...
666k subs
Ask Hitler
Simple answer:You die
Anyone realizes that this dude has 666k subs
666k sub
His finger cut again!!!
Is he dead atlast??
666K SUBS ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED!
1 like = 1 Arnold Finger
This was dark.
666K subs. Yup that checks out
Send Arnold to Somalia
Rn he has 666k subs XD
666k 😯
666k subs
666k Subs... El diablo...
There are 666k subscribers 😂
Holy moly 666k subs
666 k
Tyler the creator and Token should be on ur show
This will be the number one show on YouTube. It's only a matter of time ⏰
Wanda is always a riot.
such a  great show dude maybe the 'goat' of interviewers!!
if you can, get 50 Cent on the show.  That would be tight!
Lol can u get gordon Ramsey on this !!! Please
Where the hell is my BOI LAMB SAUCE AT?!
Yall need to just stop and acknowledge the greatness of Sean. Wanda was DONE. It is near impossible to change a 53 year old women's mind into doing something she doesn't want to do. BUT NO. He was able to change the direction and make her believe that she can indeed clear the board. I feel like this episode takes Sean to a whole other level as a host. As a communications major I can honestly learn a lot from this.
Good on you Both!
This was the best one yet. Wanda has been the funniest guest so far and props to Sean for always doing his homework on his guests and asking interesting questions
Oh shit she said Keith Robinson lol That's awesome
This is one of the funniest ones. She's so good.\nBOOOOOO!
They make me want wings every time😭and it's 12:33 AM
15:55 What are you doing? Damn that cracked me up! xD
the sound effects kill me. great series get more comedians on! will ferrel
I feel like Sean said Wanda a little bit too much XD
Another great one Complex! Keep putting these up and cut the budgets for your other shows to make this one even better.
Sean is so good at saying no peer pressure but we all know hes trying his hardest to get you to eat that wing
Sean would be the best drug dealer... that guy could persuade me to suck dick for crack that I won't smoke
typical white this white that jokes.. i want to start a career talking shit about race and i bet ill be the president one day..
that boo sound effect had me weak afffffff😂😂😂
I was going:Go Wanda, you can do it!  :D
If today, or tonight, you're walking home...and a large black man jumps out of an alley...and kicks your ass...I had nothing to do with it. LOLOL\n\nDefinitely in the top 5 of funniest episodes of Hot Ones.
I love her movies..
Thank you for not censoring this shows curses. I really appreciate it
Wanda is a fuckin g. Was calm so far in and cleaned the wing to the bone.
by the end of the vids Sean always has hot sauce on the edge of his mouth.
Glad to see this channel go places!!!
That was an emotional journey
Imma be honest here, this episode was just boring. No disrespect to Wanda and/or Sean though
Pause. Not even 1 second in. This is gonna be good!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBILL BURR!!!
Get tech n9ne on the show!!!!
Can I call my mother?...lmao
Anyone wondering the song @5:20 it’s “exploding predators” on splice it’s free
Next episode it is the one and only justin bieber
Anyone else miss the way Sean used to say ... and even hotter wings? Made me so happy.
That is weird that Wanda wont be in the newest season coming out of Curb Your Enthusiasm.
I love her face it looks so dope. Like look at her eye brows.
This bitch is racist and stupid as fuck. She acts like a victim for being black yet she profiles people based on their race and appearances for her new show. Also her 'Comedy' is about as edgy as someone's tumblr blog.
A legend. Great episode.
How does Sean do this thing where he very gently comforts you and makes you feel like everything will be alright, while at the same time using reverse psychology to pressure you into a world of hurt?
B.E.T talk to someone who gives a fuck
logic next time maybe on hot ones
Wanda Sykes is a living legend!!
A black person quits something and then makes an excuse. What else is new liberals.
I see hemorroides in wanda's future
Is this guy gay? The host? Seems kinds gay.
I want to see Cardi B on this show sooooooo bad!
Sean looks like Peter from House of Cards xD
Honestly.. she is the one everyone wants at their bbq. Family fuck your face but i love you vibe that everyone loves and wants.
I would of shit myself after the first wing,  my tounge and stomach is not built for that.
Get Donald trump and add some extra  last dab to his wingslmfao
Sean is such a master, putting Wanda at ease, getting her to keep on going. Love it.
I love you Wanda!
When he starts shaking the bottle and she just barely audibly says what are you doing? like she doesn't want to know.
Loved this. Thanks for having her on, had no idea she was NSA.
Love this eps with Wanda 
the score was on point
whatever song that busts in at 8:17 is so fire
lmao Sean how dare you ask such an emotional question after she ate that last dab wing!! Wanda handled it like a true professional.
she sounds like the vine girl who says i shoved a whole bag of jelly beans up my ass
I want to see Kendrick Lamar on Hot Ones so bad
15:55 DA FUCK IS THAT FACE?!!!!
Now you HAVE  to get Larry David on the show!
Can you do the Who wants to be a millionaire with hot wings to win money?
Look Sean... We all know Dirty Dicks is an aggressive brand name, you can stop saying it every time
You should interview BILL BURR!!!!!
if you guys love to help channels grow come to my channel! I have 0 subs show some love please!!!!!!!!
Wanda sykes isnt funny
Get pewdiepie on this shit
Joe Rogan!!
Bring Elon Musk!
hahhahahah
Black don't crack
She said BOOOOOO 👎👎👎 LMFAO 😂😂😂😂💀💀
Sean shoudnt eat anymore during interviews.
Review brah!!!!
I wanted to hear about biggie shorty
R.I.P. Wanda sykes
Wanda Sykes is so fucken delightful!
Dj cali take notes pussy .
WTF lol Wanda was an NSA Agent!?!?
HOW YOUTUBERS MAKE MONEY \n\nhttp://ThePayz.com/?refer=14313
holy shit funniest hot ones
No Vsauce Sundae?
The music lmao
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=107664
SNOWWWW\nTHAAAAA\nPRODUCTTTT\nON HOT ONESS!! \nPLEASE GET HER ON THE SHOW!!! ASAP!\n#SNOWTHAPRODUCT
Smh i missed her!!!
WANDA GOT MY MF RESPECT FUCK YES
MAGA
Get Trey Parker & Matt Stone!!
Wanda MOTHERFOOKIN Sykes ladies and germs!!!
Get terry crews!
yaaaooo nice one gettin wanda.
Shes adorable
GET ALEX JONES
As Joey Diaz Would say, Stick A DrumSTICK IN HUH MUFFLAH, COCK SUCKA!
Please do Lil Dicky
Wanda is amazing, i have only really consumed her media when she voices characters but after this i will definitely be looking into her content. What a wonderful, hilarious human being. Two thumbs up
Closing in on 1 MILLION subscribers!  Thanks for watching!!\nSupport this weeks charity - https://www.globalgiving.org/projects/mexico-earthquake-relief-fund/\n\nStart Halloween right, come see Nostalgia Critic's new review of IT (2017) on the big screen with cast and crew!\nOct 4th It Review Screening - https://theawesomestore.com/index.php?dispatch=products.view&product_id=29998\nOct 5th It Review Screening - https://theawesomestore.com/index.php?dispatch=products.view&product_id=29999
The best thing about this movie is Sinestro..really hope they use the same actor again but I doubt it.
I want to see the wedding!
You guys and gals are awesome...pun intended.
DC does better tv shows than movies. Anyone else notice this lately or is it just me? I feel marvel wins in the movie theaters and dc wins on television shows.
Longtime enjoyer of the comics here... and in pain from this travesty. Man Of Steel may have actually handled Supes better than this garbage fire. Thanks for the great take down!\n\nIn other news- Malcolm, you are sexy on toast!
I can't believe they got Ryan Reynolds to Co-Host this review
the sad part is that green lantern is my favorite DC superhero
Alright they got me at the,start I was think why are they making deadpool look like an asshole and where are his multiple personalities voices in his head. Then the reveal that he was a fake deadpool and me over here thinking Doug must hate deadpool.
How was this a nostalgic movie?
I didn't think it was that bad. Just the villain.
This movie could have been so much better.
You have something on your hat
have you ever toured? if you came to portland oregon id come see you for sure.
would you do me the honor of wearing this ring finger on your ring finger 😂😂😂
You will never earn the title of broccoli brothee
I can't believe taika watiti is the best friend
So wait a minute... Green Lantern can literally do anything he imagines?! I mean he can make his ideas real? Then I have to ask, why would such a power not choose an artist or something? Unless the limits of most people's imagination is exactly the only way this system could function...cause if I got chosen for such a position, I doubt that reality as we know it would ever be the same lol😉
I can't wait for the 2017 it movie review
You know this is from a comic book
This movie's opening narration is just like the opening of Dragon ball evolution. Let that sink in.
I'm in the minority here.... \n\n...I liked this movie.
If you want a good version of this movie, just watch Doctor Strange.
That chimichanga joke was pretty meh. I came up with this as a replacement: \nDP: Haha, Doug Walker, we meet at last!\nNC: Doug who?\nDP: Oh, so you don't know?\nNC: Know what?\nDP: Nevermind.\nIt still isn't great, I know.
Sure, make fun of captain planet all you want, but captain planet would kick this guy's ass.
I'm surprised he didn't comment on the fact that the guy acting as Thomas Kalmaku is Taika Waititi, the director of Thor Ragnarok.
Yes Doug we get it, you think deadpool isn't that funny and is over rated. Pls move on.
I wanna see Nostalgia Critic review Pinocchio: Emperor of the Night.
Never cared for the whole Devil boner Hyper fan girl relationship. What was the point of having that cliffhanger between her and the critic from the Christmas story 2 review if they weren't ever gonna pay it off.
I hate this movie but I personally thought Mark Strong was brilliant as Sinestro. I would love for him to come back in the DCEU but this abomination has destroyed any chances of that.
Mark Strong as Sinestro was the only good thing
If I subscribe to him I feel like it'll be worthless because he'll get a new channel, delete the old one, and I'll not receive his videos again.
Anybody else just really happy for devil boner and hyper? Like, omg, so cute
Hey Critic you should review the jeepers creepers movies since the third one is coming out this year on September 26 some places get it on October 4th but i would love to see you review those two movies it would be awesome
That scene of Deadpool going to touch HFG's boob was like\n_Really_ fricking awkward to sit through\nI was like thank god when Devil Boner broke that tension
I couldn't tell the difference.  In Deadpool, I mean.  They're both insufferable.
The ending was great! They make a cute couple!
To this day, I still question how you make such weak villains. They were building up Sinestro for god's sakes.
I'm still disappointed about how the critics event starts the day after my birthday. Also the fact I won't be able to attend sucks as well.
I forgot to watch this yesterday
HEY, YOU STOLE YOUR INTRO FROM JOHNNY QUEST. DON'T LIE.
Tim Robbins is 12 years older than Peter Saarsgard, how the hell can they be father and son?
i wish i could go to the screening but i live in australia.
You will never earn the title, Broccoli Brother.
Am I the only one who can't really tell the difference between funny Deadpool and asshole Deadpool? From what I've seen, a fair amount of his humour IS just vulgarity and randomness.\nThe movie DID have a few good jokes though. Have you seen this man!? was a good one.
They missed so many good pieces to the lantern origin story and it just made me sad...
Didn't he already do this?
Congratulations to Hyper Fan Girl and Devilboner
I'm just gonna say it....I liked this movie. I am a huge fan of DC, and I've always preferred it to Marvel for the most part, despite me LOVING Marvel to death, but saying this movie is bad isn't all that true. The movie is like a comic, long explaining scenes and goofy ideas, and Hal Jordan played by Ryan Reynolds was a great choice. The directing just wasn't there. Someone who loved the character and KNEW how to treat them.
Well damn, that Harry Knowles joke turned out to be weirdly timely.
Holy shit..the I.T guy in the movie is the director o Thor Ragnarok! That's an upgrade in the carreer.
Killowog, oh sweet zombie Jesus what did they DO to you? You're one of my favorites! You shouldn't look so lame, you should be AWESOME!!!
Haaayyy Critic! Why don't you do a review of the movie Postal? Brought to you by your favorite director; Uwe Boll!
So did Ryan Reynolds got gud or was it the directors that sucked.
Anyone else here who actually like 'Green Lantern (2011)'?
Aw, the crazies are getting married. Cute
The only thing I like about this movie is the Green lantern pledge.
I like how the ending of your video turned out with the 2 lovebird. I did not see that coming when he Charged in!!! :0 XD
The one thing i didnt like was that they had a whole army of lanterns,like a whole legion that could protect around five planets,but then we see them for like five minutes,then get killed by paralax and then seen at the end,i think it would have been awsome if hal made a small team of lanterns to help him face paralax
Your intro sequence is a horrible clusterfuck, dude. Clean it up.
To be honest, this is a guilty pleasure for me. Now I know it's bad but I like it for what it is especially since I'm not too familier with Green Lantern other then the Justice League series from Cartoon Network.
Why do you always freeze before comercial break
Just when I thought Deadpool couldn't get more annoying. Thanks, Doug.
I never saw this movie and I thought that the main villain was going to be Sinestro
My dad sent in a script for this when it was first getting started. His version had John Stewart, hopefully played by Will Smith, with him fighting the Manhunters instead... glad to see the studio chose the right script!
23:15 Devil Boner is gonna kill him isn't he?
I like the character development in this review.
wtf is up with the deadpool shit
They do injustice to the comic
There was an extreme lack of Bill in this review.
You know, I like how Doug really does his research on these things...\n\n\n\nAnd then says that DC's Green lantern (published in the 1960s) is ripping off Guardians of the Galaxy (published in the 1990s, and that's not even the Guardians we know today).\nI kid, I love your videos Doug
I'm very upset that I just started watching this guy, and by pleased with his content what so ever. His nasally voice followed by cheesy jokes is unfathomably obnoxious.
I actually used to like channel awesome until I got older and mister metokour inserted his penis inside of you
SO CLOSE TO 1 MILLION
18:16\n\nWho the fuck was that guy?
You can play clips over this that's the idea- 😂
I'm not sure I like the idea of Critic's intros getting longer.
Three words: creepy hair sniffing.\n\nAlso, I remembered that Temura Morrison was in this movie...and now he's in Aquaman... And the tech guy is the guy who directed Thor: Ragnarok. :)
For the entirety of this video I was puzzled as to what your moral was. Then the ohhhhhh moment came
Wait, the EARTHQUAKE killed and left people homeless??? I thought the Mexican president did that already???
The movie may suck, but that '71 Challenger is awesome!
That ending was tjo much
Ok I know you're not a fan of the Looney tune movies, but don't insult them by comparing their effects to this shit
Am I the only one to thinks that this Deadpool is even MORE annoying and shameful than the Green Lantern movie?! T__________T
@6:18 I wish our aircraft control screens looked that good.
Am I the only one who enjoyed the movie?
These nostalgia critic videos keep getting cringier and cringier.
R.I.P Malcolm's hand
bow boing
i wish deadpool wasnt in this
Applejack's
#15 on trending wow
I kinda liked this movie
Am I the only one who liked this and hates Dead-Pool
Hope you make mad money, CA! good luck with the screening/fan event!
my dad used to do specail effects and he did some for this movie(he won't tell me which one's, every time I ask he just says y'know the green stuff. ITS ALL GREEN STUFF DAD)...anyways it looks a lot worse than i remember. Probably because I was a child with no sense of what looked good. dad i'm disappointed. What's weird tho, is that there were movies he worked before this one that looked way better...so what happened? more at 11
No offense, but this review feels lazy. I really like a lot of what you all do, even when I don't agree with it, and I actually don't like this film, but this feels lazy.
Was deadpools writing bad on purpose
I know it's a WB property but did they have to go full looney toons?
There is some possibility to review the first animated film of green lartern First Flight, which ironically was much better than the action in live. Seriously it was like day of training with superheroes and development very the personage of siniestro and its relation with hal jordan, or the animated series of green lartern that introduced razer and aya one of the best personages of universe green lantern. \nIt's a shame that very good works were overshadowed by the failure of this film
This is sum weird scary shit but, Why is it you either upload or i instantly get a recommended video of you when I'm absolutely starving? it's honestly like YouTube knows something!
I'm From Africa, try eating a rhinoceros in under a minute!
Eat your height in subways for a challenge?
“With just a $5 deposit, you can join my league for FREE”
This is so easy...
2nd pizza video today, now I want pizza lol!!!! 🍕
What the fuck dude $100 for a pizza like that, that's a scam dude
I could have eaten that
Do the big mama n papa pizza the big ass pizza
'Can you eat pussy like that?
I like it when it is filmed in doors.
If I eat really fast, it takes me like 20 seconds 1 bite.
I dare you to do any of these challenges live
Those flys flying around be like the fuck
Man, this guy is living the life! 3 mil subs, millions of views per video--not going down anytime soon, gets to eat WHATEVER he wants, never gets fat, never has to spend on expensive equipment for his videos and just eats ... the benefits are endless!!
Is it just me who thinks he could've eaten 10 pizzas?
Would be awesome to see you revisit failed challenges from when you were younger!
Those who subscribe me will get 10 subscribers in a week or month. If u give me 5 subscribers, I'll give you in a week. Minimum 2 subscribers then in a month. Write ur channels name in reply
How the hell is Samantha Bee above you on trending?!?
this isnt a problem for you man
For five dollars you can join my club for free.  WTF tho
Does not say anything about it being thin crust or not. So this is easy money. Thin crust that shit.
i thought 4 min was fast LMFAO BUT OK
Pfft I do that every Friday
I challenge you to eat whatever meal you want angainst me solving my Rubik's cube (my best is 28 secs)
This video is normally what matt stonie orders for pizza.
Yo yo yo everybody. This is the pizza rolls challenge..
“must show the pizza is 14-inch somehow” *whips out cock*
I'm sorry but I would say that pizza is cooked perfectly. I bet anybody who has made pizza for years will agree.
why is pizza 100 bucks tho...it did not look special....
why do you cover the pizza my heart
remeber matt eat good or you will have cancer and diabetes
lavlier mic. you echo like a mo fo
New to his videos, he pukes it all up after right? I know this challenge is a lot smaller than most of his but can you imagine what puking out that much food at once would be like jesus christ
I'm not an OG subscriber, but I have been watching your videos for 3 years and know what those people mean. I think this is what they were waiting for. Good video man!
For a 5$ donation you can join the league for free ? Makes no sense because that’s not free if you donating 5$
Man, I feel bad for your toilet.
i bet you are used to 14 by now
Hey Matt that was well said about going soft. I have been watching your videos for a long time and have felt the same as of late. It has been so amazing seeing this kid go from talking about buying out of date food for training to knocking the hotdog eating king off his throne(once). Hope you get back there.
I eat up this guy's content like he eats up his food.
Bro how do u not get fat
This man spending $100 on a single pizza when I have to debate getting a $5 hot and ready
I literally eat like that just being normal 😣
You must challenge Furious pete
Coach me bro
My fucking DICK is 14 inches motherfucker. Cost $6,821 nigga
sooooo did you get $200???
love you man
$5 for free?
*food
https://youtu.be/9c-Yy1qGfEM
Wow, you ate a pizza. Congratufuckinglations
HEY MAN WHATS UP WITH A FILIPINO FIESTA FOOD CHALLENGE! \n\nA river of rice lechon kawali with sauce - pinukbet - lumpia shang high - a fried tilapia with a soy sauce chili lime onion garlic dipping sauce - fried smelt with sicy viniger sauce - kaldareta with goat meat - bicol express - sisig with japanese mayo 2 fried eggs lime - diniguan - banana Q's - camote Q's - chicken and potatoes adobo - ....\n\nYeah!
Eat 15 boxes of McDonald chicken tender loins
How fast this nigga eat pussy?
Draft Kings???? Isnt that Porn???? Lol
4:31 sick edit
Bruh 2 slices and I'm full lmao kms
Soy el unico q habla español?? Jajajja..😂
i see this tonight now i'm scared   it he  eat me in my dreams
Eat 60 Saltine Crackers in 60 seconds ;)
Omg am drooling...
Dude you should totally revisit the 14 lb big mac challenge!!
1:36\nWho is this guy? Peter Parker?
This is fucking easy. I do this without being challenged
for just five dollars you can join for free
Lol this guys became bitch.Hey lady looking eater dont lie the people you made first part just to show how taste is the pizza because you are sponsored by them.You became fucking scam
What a great promo from Draft Kings. If you finish a 14 pizza while watching football, you get credited 100 bones, maybe win some money to spend on more pizza, football, and Draft Kings promos. Because this is Corporate America goddammit!
Dude I love how in every video the epic music with the epic eating! Keep crushing it Matt!
Well...damn
He's eating all this shit while there are people starving, Should've used that $100 to good use instead of this gluttonous act
Why? So dumb.
Just the title is Yet another example that this guy is the real deal haha: under 10 minutes challenge, did it twice. And the video is 6 mins and a half long haha. Good job dude
I really thought he was gonna make a 100 dollar pizza😭
Everyone who subs to me and likes my videos I will subscribe back to just reply done when finished!
Matt, I have a 1 hour pizza eating contest on this Sunday. First place is $1000. You start with a 14cheese thin crust n then go to 10 after that. Since its an hour should I eat fast n jus get a hell of a lead out the gate or moderate to slow n pace myself?
IT'S FREE TO JOIN MY LEAGUE! ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IT PAY $5!\n\nFUCK OFF!
What the actual fuck
HE'S CHEATING! using the sped up video to hide jump cuts. plus the cutaway to him editing is a jump cut transition... Its basically a commercial for draft kings so idk why i'd expect anything different.
For 5 dollars you can join for free
1 trillion calories
And my mom yells at me when I eat fast ... smh he ate a whole pizza in 1 minute and 30 secs
How on earth!!!The last time I checked your channel it had 1.7 million now it has 3 million 😂😂
Do this in the restaurant please
Holy shit man still impress me
Wanna make a pizza cost $100 asap? Just order from pizzahut.
furious pete or matt stonie
You lost me after Draft Kings
Lit challenge matt yas
3:34 is when the real beast comes out
1:38 to skip shilling.
That's some crazy ASMR from the 1st attempt
Ad?
do u have to eat the crust to
Hiw has he not got diabetes😂
a stoner would eat that in 5 min
Why waste so many toppings when you're not enjoying but destroying the pizza?
This is how hard I work everyday. Imagine each slice is a game. I go and do the work fast and move on to the next game.
It seems like you bite your fingernails. Don't you realize that this could result in unwanted belly growth?
Bro don't show your creadit card number!!!!
HE SAID PRINCE JUST AS I WAS THINKING IT\n\nYOU JUST EARNED A FAN BITCH OMG
Props to the interviewer, some people make the interview so awkward and cringey but this wasn't👍
What is the name of the song!!
Helga's was much better
1:35 what song is that?
Is he gay hope not
6:50 why does Zak have a cut out of himself
He’s ages like fine wine
did no one else think this interview was extremely awkward...? *cringe*
This was the best yet 😍
Is this scripted or not???
Gosh just when i thought i couldn’t fall more in love with him, this video came😍
My eyes are so blessed
Do one with Bill gates
he does look like a khaleesi
how can he be so hot?
Helga's Vogue Interview is higher on trending
Please do a 73 questions with LOGAN PAUL!!!
Body Language Analysis No. 4077: A Facial Expression Common to Both Bad Actors and Sociopaths - Nonverbal and Emotional Intelligence \nhttp://www.bodylanguagesuccess.com/2017/09/body-language-analysis-no-4077-facial.html
we will be having a daughter Zac, soon. soon.😂
i hate kale to but i love iits benefits.
with every passing year hes looking more and more like ryan seacrest
Nerd, is tht even a thing anymore these days, aww love ya
Personally offended his favorite karaoke song wasn't Start of Something New
Please make 73 questions with liza koshy!!! please please please
whoever gets to film and talk to them is like the luckiest person ever
i dont think he is hot but i would melt if i meet Tom hardy
He came off incredibly boring, I'm sorry I still love him
I would be like stfu and stop asking me questions
Perfect sculpture of a human being 😍
almost as good as 73 questions with Helga
he apparently got advice from Bruce Lee
Literally my love for zac just came back lol
Did Google pay for this?
WHAT TEAM?\nWILDCAT!\nWHAT TEAM!\nWILDCAT!\n\nit will live on :,)
Woah he looks like the guy from high school musical1!1!1!
Don't know why I thought the cut out was Dave Franco. but he should get on that
he's so hot
He just gets hotter as he gets older bless Lord
Ur never gonna find me in AA Handsome but that just made me have a Celeb Crush on u all over again. Those eyes tho!!!👁👁😉💋😉💋
Is he married? I know certain men who wear it on either ring finger.
That was the cutest and surprisingly accurate impression of Seth haha
PLEASE PUT ZAC IN STRANGER THINGS
interviewer: what is your spirit animal? \nme: *a wiLDCAT* \nzac: a hawk \nme: ...oh
Does anyone ever count the questions
Didanyones android go off and set a 2 minute timer? Mine did lol
How old is he?
I just don't find him cute.....
He seems like a fake ass nigga
oh my god your eyes are gorgeous
High school musical question @ 7:08
Plug with that okay google
he's too pretty & his face is too thin now,,,but love his attitude!
73 questions with Benedict Cumberbatch and Bruno Mars too, please.
Zack is the better Troy
5:30 What to tell 20 year old self-Patience. My thoughts-SO Zanessa would've worked out...
Apparently I sound like Zac Efron, my Google activated when he set the timer. Life goal achived.
When he said planet earth I was starting to believe he is a reptile person
the light yagami that we deserve
I still prefer helga or jet
What the name of song he on?  (Please sorry for my English)
He's hot af no homo
HOLY SHIT, WHEN ZACH SAID, OK GOOGLE, MY PHONE READ IT! ZACH THE HACK
*WE'RE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER*
These look so insanely set up and fake and I wouldn't give a shit if they didn't attempt to display it so natural and normal
73? Coincidence? I think not!
J
Name of song
Harry Styles
Thanks Vogue, really appreciate it
I F ING LOVE STANGER THINGS!!!!
Do this with Zendaya !!! ❤️🔥
Damn... he's perfect !
Canned, rehearsed, boring.
73 questions with Harry Styles next pleaaaassee!!!!
HeS dumb
ZACALICIOUS
Seems like a douche bag
Daddy
my forever crush ughhh😩😩🔥🔥‼️‼️
😘 hubba hubba!!!
I LOVE YOU ZAC
Cringey
😍
David dobrik *WHIP*
Google plug
His smile looks like burak deniz
;3 HAAAAWWWWT....what nothing
the seth impersonation 💀💀
Please please please bring Zayn Malik also 🔜
Hahahaha Seth R. impression 💯
Google AD😂
Rocking that Pixel
Do with Emma Watson
This seems really.....fake....
Sweet Disposition 🖤
Zac efron is heaven sent
omg i love zac efron
That jawline though
73 questions with Casey Neistat!!!!
AHHH COLANDO MEU CUUU NO CHÃO, SE A MÚSICA JÁ ERA BOA AGORA ENTÃO TÁ PERFEITA ❤️
I love when Beyonce's sing Spanish
that's better than original
The Queen ♕ doing her thing 😘😘😘😘😘\nCan't understand the language... But gal gonna lips syke🤗🤗🤗
Hope this will blow up
So now Beyoncé is jumping on the Latin trend too? She's usually not so late to trends.
I love Beyonce she makes everything better
Man the song was already litt then the queen made it even better
For just a sub a day you could help a young starving youTuber make his dream a reality🙏🏾😭click on the pic if you wanna help make that happen 😂😂👍🏾
I BEEN GIVING BIRTH ON THESE HATERS CAUSE I'M FERTILE\n\nBIIITCH, OMG!
I'm absolutely in love with this
This is so trash man, Beyoncé killed it:/
Mi Gente is the new Despacito
Omg this is fucking Amazing song love Queen bey 👑😨😍
I’ll actually buy this - unlike Despacito. Especially since the proceeds go to a good cause.
@2:29 is that rudy and his mom lol
I loved this song anyway but now the Queen has graced it Yasssss!!! \nBey kills this straight 🔥🔥👏🏽✨
Its worse then I thought it would be. Pharrell Williams in safari was good a good idea this was not.
Little Mix And Beyonce Both Got Tired Of Despacito Taking Over....
It's illegal to hear in this song Pitbull's scream without his DALE! And voice after jajajajaja 😂😂😂
This one is 👏✊👍awesome. \nBut I like the original better. 😁
Dear sweet Lord. Is there nothing this heifer can't ruin?
Her voice is Not so good in this Song
Trash. Originals better. She didnt even sing on this smh.
Hey! I Remixed The 90s Songs ( ❤️ MC EIHT - you can't see me ) CHECK IT OUT ON MY CHANNEL ! \nSubscribe For More ❤️💛💜💛💚🖤 THANKS 💙
I guess Beyonce was getting tired of Despacito too...
THE QUEEN IN SPANISH 🇵🇷
“Azul, are you with me?” Yeeesss 😭❤️\n\nALSO WAS THAT BLUE THAT SAID “Oh, yes I am.”\n\nOMG
i can’t believe beyoncé invented spanish
Omgggg super cooooolll
Que pisão no gore Despalixo
Slayyyyyy 😎
LELE !!!!!
Beyoncè 💟💟💟 👑👑👑
Colombia Rompiéndola 🇨🇴🇨🇴
Queen B!
sweet lord!
Que haces Beyonce? PENOSO.
Anitta ❤️
Beyonce is just fucking trash. 🙈🙈
Wake me up 100.000.000 🙋‍♂️
Ay dios mio
*ANITTA apareceu no clipe*
Found Martin Garrix, David Guetta, Diplo, Tiësto & Steve Aoki
İMANA GELDİM KİLİBİ Bİ VİDEO NUN BÖYLRE OLUR WİALY WİLİAM SANA TÜRKSİH UÇAR :( #turkishkebab
Manpreet Toor I see you 👀👀😍😍
How shit
N
I’M SHOOK
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=90308
ANITTAAAAAAA ALI 😍🇧🇷
Haha
wow
i love you 💞♈💞
Só faltou Simone & Simaria pro clipe ficar completo \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1s-PQkex39I
Anitta♡♡♡ Orgulho
Beyonce ❤
Anittaa 😊😊
kween.
Queen salice rose❤️
Genia Beyoncé ❤
MY WIFE SALICE ROSE SENT ME HERE 😱💖!!!!!!!!
Beyoncé 💙
❤❤❤🌈 Yasss Queen!!👑✨
Yessss!!! Latinos are rising!!!!
I saw malu and salice😱
guatafak? .___.
HYOJIN CHOIIII
siiii BB BALVIN BEYONCE ♥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
💚❤ much love
RUDY MY MAN AT 2:40
Check it song\n https://youtu.be/NWH85qhrdoY
Love Beyonce But Original Is Best👌
So is this gonna the next despacito?
Hold up... is that Blue who says „Oh yes i am“ 3:10 ?Or did i hear wrong?
Mama biscuit squad where y'all at
Queda alguna que J Balvin es illuminati?? Ya no me jodan eu abran los ojos por favor desde ginza en adelante y escuche la parte de él en alerta roja fui condenado a ser bendecido por siempre.. No hubiese grabado con ninguno de estos artistas si no daba ese paso hacerse intocable !!
Primero Maluma con Mark Antony y ahora esto, nunca superarán a Despacito
Esperaba algo bueno, pero es malísima
Pero que porqueria acabo de mirar.
Está canción es como mezclar sushi y choripán.
La música, lenguaje universal. - Music, universal language.
Me encanta! Queen B, Willy William y J Balvin juntos 😍 y más que hayan hecho compilación de vídeos de sus fans 💖\nPd: Recuerden comprar la canción en donde puedan, Beyoncé dijo que todo lo que gane ella de esta canción será destinado a México, Puerto Rico y otras islas caribeñas que fueron golpeados por desastres naturales en los últimos días.\n🌎 El mundo unido por el mundo 💖
JAJAJAJAJAJAJ ¿qué pedo con la voz de robot?
son los mejores, gracias por acordarse deMEXICO #fuerzamexico
lelepons wow!!😍😍😍😘😘😘🎉🎉🎊🎊
Vai Brasiiiil
AHHH SALE BAD BUNNY 🤤
MS. THIRD WARD TRILL GOT BARZ FOR DAYZ.
A Beyoncé arrasa
Atura ou surta kkkk BR
🔥🔥🔥
No a pasado ni 7hrs. Y ya paso del millón de visitas. ⚡️
All my love to 'mi gente' from Puerto Rico and Mexico...You all have been through difficult times. Saludos, desde Brasil.... los quiero ❤
la parte de beyonce en ingles esta buena, pero en español se escucha super mal..
De verdad eso no me lo espera y más un video donde colaboran los fans de todo el mundo 🗺 💪🏻🔥Felicitaciones!! Jose 🙏🏻
Beyonce ha visto que la canción lo esta petando fuerte en el mundo y se ha querido subir al carro, y a los otros dos les viene de perlas para que los fans de queen B los conozcan, bah pura estrategia todo para vender. La original de willy william mucho mejor ya esto se vuelve tan pesado como despacito. Ahora que hagan mi gente ft pitbull
Está bien que haya sido por caridad, pero me parece que podría haber sacado algo original tipo 7/11 y haberlo petado mucho más.
Enserio Balvin? :v Te amo y sos un genio pero cagaron el tema !!
Bayern are trying to finish 3rd so they can face Arsenal in the Europa League  knockout stages and beat them again.
When Mbappe is more matured than Neymar/Cavani/Alves combined.
It's looking good for the English teams
Where's Arsenal in the programme
United need to start playing some passes back rather than just shooting, because they had players in much better positions. This could've easily been 7-1
Mbappe destroyed Bayern what a performance
5:33 is messed up listen to the audio
Lol RIO is such a Londoner I love it it's illegal 😂👏🏾
Even Celtic have won more than Looserpool lmao, currently the worst British CL team and the embarrassment of English Football (Apart from Arsene Wenger FC).\nChelsea, City, United and Spurs are class 👌
Steven Gerrard is honestly one of the worst pundits. He talks nonsense every week. He talks about Atletico never being torn apart like that yet Real Madrid beat them 3-0 twice last season
A English team is definitely going far in this tournament
Its illegal what he's doing, not allowed, get out of the stadium
No surprise from Stevie g to make comment like that about a Manchester united player saying mbpappe is world class and not rashford
Lukaku too powerful
As a Man Utd fan I'm really glad Chelsea won. It's good to see English teams putting up a good fight in Europe right now compared to the horrendous few seasons we've had before in Europe!
Martial >>> Mbappe
Martial FC
How does Costa feel now?
Gerrard always salty about Rashford and Man Utd in general
English Teams 👏👏👏👏 But Liverpool🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Wrong commentary at 5:30
Look whoever keeps saying Rashford is better then Mbappe is on crack he has potential to be better then neymar rahsford will be lucky if he reaches rooneys potential lets be honest he has great players around him where mbappe didn’t come from the bottom and worked hard
Bt sport are great this year but they need to get rid of Owen
Come catch up with whether my door is locked
liverpool will be the first English team knocked out ...
if mbappe is world class then what does that make gabriel jesus
All UK teams \n\nMatch Day 1\nCeltic - Lose \nMan City -Win \nMan Utd - win \nSpurs - Win\nChealsea - Win (sorry if i spelled wrong )\nLiverpool - Draw\n\n\nMatch Day 2 \nCeltic - Win \nChealsea - Win \nMan Utd - Win \nSpurs - Win \nMan City - Win \nLiverpool - Draw\n\n\n This shows that liver pool are the best team in the champions league
Mbappe is so LIT 💥 its almost illegal what he's doing in the pitch ⚽️
Now what happened to the commentary at 5:33
got the commentary wrong at like 5:50 with lewandowski
Jan Oblak??????
Just saying but Lukakus goals were both VERY lucky. Moratas goal was seriously a gem
What's with the music?
Boom CHELSEA CHELSEA ARE THE BEST ARSENAL FANS DONT MESS WITH US
stevie, micheal owen was world class at 18, he won a ballon d'or and everything!
Neymar right now is on his own at the top, best player in the world.
Check out the full fight video of England cricketer Ben Stokes on my page
I would love to see an English team in the CL finals
The music for Juve made me think Dybala hit the post haha
BT's pundits are the worst. They do remember Madrid tearing them apart last season 3 times right?
Never thought the team id be happy to get in the last 16 would be Barca
The commentary at 5:43 does not refer to what is being shown on screen. Its hilarious. Bayern are on the attack but listening to the commentator you'd think PSH had had the shot.
Psg got lucky
Fantastic coverage
Lukaku more like Donkeykaku lolz
1:54 Conte's cunting the floor lol
Fair play chelsea
5:32 audio mixed up???
Higuine
5:33 doesnt make sense
BT Sport > Sky Sport > BBC Sport
Wheres arsenal... oh wait
Chelsea make their Mark
Roma only beat Qarabag 2-1? Very weak score
Common chels!!!
Loved Bayern getting raped by Paris
5:33 ...
Haha costa
5:40 I'm confused
mBappe 😁😁😁
umtiti and semedo >>
Lukaku is the definition of a overrated tap-in merchant.
Neymar>Mbappe<Lukaku>Martial<Morata<
5:30 lol
get rid of Chris Sutton
Shouldn't the title say 27th instead of 28th? :D
Benfica are nothing without Ederson in goal
Anyone know the song name and artist for the song played during the PSG vs Munich Highlights?
Anyone notice Liverpool's game was not shown. 😂
Wow Benfica are truly awful
The English teams are improving, so far so good!!!!!!
september 27th - not 26th ------- terrible mistake
I love seeing Athletico lose for some reason. Shaping up to be a stacked knockout round this year.
Great to see English teams doing well! I'm envious Arsenal aren't a part of it. What a win by Chelsea, just superb, United looked clinical and City will be tough for anyone to defend against. Good for Spurs too, it's about time their fans enjoyed watching a decent side. Hopefully Liverpool will improve to make it 5/5 in the last 16, Anfield needs more big nights. As for my team, well I'm off to Belarus, should be fun. Would love to see us win the whole thing.
Carlo Ancelotti has been Sacked
david luiz.. what a liability
Fave time of the day! x
Your saying this is a long vlog aha have you seen zoes vlog they are nearly double but it good for you well done alfie, Loved the vlog tho XX
I can't wait until Joe and Zoe do a Halloween video this year
Am I the only one who misses Pippin?
Hi Alfie!! I am writing this and ZOE HIT 12 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!!!!!! But anyway awesome content and hope I meet you at Hello World!! My smile raises and I scream when I see the notification!! ILYSM! I love you and Zoe soooooooooooooooooo much💕 From H Xx
It’s almost my birthday, can I get a happy birthday?! 🎂
7.5k views and 1k likes, comment what it is now
WHO ELSE IS IN LOVE WITH THE THEME OF THEIR WHOLE HOUSE!  ❤❤❤
My car just made a pig noise 😂😂😂
To anyone reading this I hope you have an amazing day and you are all beautiful in your own way
Can't wait for this vlog xxx
Hi Alfie and Zoe just wanted to say .\nLove you guys.\nHave a great day to whoever is reading this.
Am I the only one who always wants to comment something on alfie's vlogs but I am never creative enough to come up with something... #lbw squad!!
Me : Is it weird that I like cold toast? \nFamily​ : stares at me\nMe : ...   Nah
#LBW SQUAD 💖 Notifications turned on 🔔❤️🔔 Love your vlogs and also you and Zoe!! 💟💖
Wow. I’m acc early for once xox
LBW gang xxx who else likes there own comments because no one else wil xxxxxxx
I love your choice of shirts! Suits you so much.
Admit I have to eat dinner now and I can't watch it until after, I'm so sad
NOTIFICATION SQUAD WHERE YA AT❤️❤️
It’s weird because like at 8:15 this morning we was like asleep of getting ready and Alfie was vlogging and we didn’t even know
Love these vlogs. I live for them.
I love you Alf x
Notification squad where u at \n\nLove u alfie would love a shoutout
Love you Alfie, keep up the good work! Your awesome
omg I've never been this early
ALLFFIIEE 💙💙💙
LBW SQUAD!
LBW Squadddddd
Hellooooo 💕💕💕
Love you Alfie!🙈
#LBW
Sooo tired as it’s late here in Australia. Liked the video but I’ll watch it at a decent hour tomorrow. Night  😴😴
Lbw squad :) long vlogs are the best :)))))
You've got to run to the notification!!  #LBW #NotificationSquad 😚😚
I enjoy these vlogs I rlly do 😂 they brighton my deyes literally 😍☺️
lbw squad where y’all attt?? ❤️
LOVE YOU ALF, ALSO WHENNNNNN WILL YOU AND ZOE HAVE A CHILD, ITS GOING TO BE THE PERFECT FAMILY
Love how long this vlog is aswell! 😊
#LBW😻 5pm is the best👅
YAY!! A NEW VIDEO FINALLY!!! 😻\n\nMUCH LOVE FROM PHOENIX ARIZONA!!!! 💋💋
Notifications and like before watching squad😅 absolutely love yours and zoe's videos... always look forward to watching them at the end of the day💗💗
Who's here rn?!?!???
I love your videos! ❤💗
Every YouTuber is posting some important video like is this the end of the world?😂
LBW squaaaaaaaaaaaaddd👍👍👍.....How you doin...hope you have had a lovely day😀...Love ya Alfie..💚💚💚
Early squad where you at ????
I have just begain and i love ittt
I am ill at the moment and this vlog cheered me up thanks 🙏🏻 x
It is currently 2:21 AM and I'm watching this!
Great video bro we all love the videos
LBW SQUAD!! Love you Alf❤❤
I thought i wZ
LBW 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
131 comment!!!
💗
NOTIF SQUAD !!🌵
Yasss
Yasss
LBW SQUAD💗💗💗💗
Lbw squad
Earlyyyyyyy
#lbwsquad❤️ /notification squad ❤️❤️❤️❤️🙋🙋🙋
LYssssm and wowzies im early and im sick.....
Notifications squad ❤️😊
2 minutes WHOOP WHOOP🙌🏻🙌🏻
lbw squad is fire
:)
FINALLLLY
Smile
Omg notification squad 💕
#LBWSQUAD
LBW Squad always!!!
LBW SQUAD 😍😍😍😍😍
NOTIFICATION SQUAD
yo
Luv u alfie
Hiii Alfie!!!
LBW SQUAD!!!
HELLO
#LBW
Notification Squad\nLBW Squad
Early ❤️❤️💜
lbw squad popinn❤️❤️❤️
I LOVE ALFIES VLOGS SO MUCH!!!!! 😭😭😭😭💖💖💖💖
Lbw squaddddddd ❤️❤️❤️
2 minutes ago!! YAAAY love it! LBW squad right here!! <3
Nothing better 💕😂
Love u Alfie
138th comment💕
Hello PB subscribers!!😂
#LBWsquad 😘😍❤
The title enticed me
FIRST also keep up the good work alfie/Alfred
All that Halloween stuff in the corner at the start
Like before watching squad
Early
Lbw !!!
luv u alf xx 😊😂
303 comment ;) 😂❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
THUMBS UP THIS VIDEO IF YOU’RE A KILLER!\n(Probably not the best name for the Kill’em family 😂)\n\nP.S. Since recording this video I have donated money to multiple charities involving helping the blind and deaf. This challenge really showed me how hard it truly is to live without sight and/or hearing.
Do a I slept in a street
Well that’s not complete silence is it
Stop attention seeking and get a job.
spend the night in a masive pile of blue tack
Pls spend the night in a friends house without them nosing your there then surprise them in the morning
24 hours in portaloo . Re comment if you agree!
Spend the night in a telephone booth
Stay in a bright room with very loud heavy music, or loud white noise for 24 hours
When he was in the dark his eyes looked creepy
Spend the night in a car illegally parked
Spend the night in a box fort on a lake :)
Spend the night in an actual noose and see what's going to happen
24 hour challenge in a cubby house
24hrs in a ball pit
You should do a 24 hr challenge in VR
It’s called sleeping 💤
Spend the night in complete brightness & loud music for 24 hours
Spend the night in one of them house type sheds at b&q in b&q
Marry her she left u gummies
spend the night in a corn field
OMG YEA!!! CORN FIELD!!!!! SPEND THE NIGHT IN A CORN  FIELD
Spend the night in a sensory deprivation tank would be awesome
Yesssssss!!!!!!!!!! Spend the night in a corn field!!!!!
Spend the night in a corn field!!!!!!!!!!!!
spend a night in a graveyard
Spend the night in a store, by making a fort
Ship yourself to my house. My email address is erikruether98@gmail.com. Email me if interested
if i did this within the first 5 minutes i would say well time to play with myself
Moon moon! Give her a channel
It’s not a no senses challenge if you’re drinking
Should be called the Hellen Keller Challenge
Spend then night in mcdonalds
spend a night in a stranger house ..
Sleep outside in a forest
Spend the night in the sewers
Now you know how it feels to be in jail.. you don’t know what day or time it is
Spend the night/24 hours in a straitjacket. It would be hard to eat and move around lol
Kill'em enters his own world
Spend the night in a hole with limited supplies
I'm doing a 24 hour challenge\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOn my couch gimmie a like for being honest
Spend the night in a closet!!!!!
24 hours in a store
Spend the night in a desert
spend the night in a store or school
Spend the night under a bridge
What music do you use?
You should vlog the aftermath of some of these challenges
24 hours in a skyscraper
Do the the thing that vsause did in his first episode of mindfield
SPEND A NIGHT IN A VENT
Do spend the night in a dumpster
Please do a outhouse! Its like a outdoor bathroom.
24 hours on a toilet
Spend the night in a Porta potty
Spend 3 days in your room with bathroom no TV to communication for 72 hours
canyou spend a night at the top of a ferris wheel
Over night in a cupboard
can you do one in the elevator please ?
AND NOW I JUST SSSSSIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT.............. |-/
Spend the night in a creepy cornfield
In the night vision he looks really dopey and cute. I love it.
Do i spent the night under a bed
u spent the night in ur kitchen ide say :P
Spend 24 hours watching someone spin a fidgit spinner in a vr head set
I subscribed and turned on notifications
Do overnight night the bathroom or the closet at the house
Spend the night underwater in a plastic see through box.
how can he look straight in to the camera
Spend the night in a park
24 porn challenge in a five star resort!
Where can u watch what happens afterwards?
Moon is a savage
spend the night at a fans house
This was posted on my birthday!
Come to hull and do 24 hours in lordline(haunted abandoned building where people hang themselves ),research lordline first though
Prisoners of War did this for months. You are a massive pussy
Spend the night in the pool
Spend a night in a wardrobe  please
I always spend the night in complete darkness and silence
Spend the night in a roller coaster park like so he will see.
SPEND THE NIGHT IN CORN FIELD!!!!!!!
Spend the night in a hammock over a body of water. (IE:) A pool.
You should go in a tank and spend a night in there like get a box and fill it with water so it’s a sensory Deprestion
Spend the night in a bed
Corn feild please
Spend a night with hobos
Bruj those green guys look like mr.meeseeks
This video's trending
Cooking with Killem?
Stop duing these thinks
Sleep under your house
🤙🏻
Wee wee poo poo? 😂😂😂😂😂
Public bathrooooom!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love black licorice
Sleep in IKEA overnight
Sleep in a walmart
24 hours watching 24 hour challenges
2 likes and Moon will do a face reveal
Love this song, P!nk has never dissapointed me .
I've been supporting you since your start and keep doing an amazing job
❤️🤘Get a new music before go to work!!!
Such a amazing song and beautifully lyrics P!NK
I’m getting Home and Away theme tune vibes
P!nk (I Love You) = A heart from my favorite = A boy with a heart of stone and ice = Cool as Ice like Vanilla Ice\nVanilla Ice is my favorite Rapper of all time plus P!nk is my favorite Rock star of all time!\n\nVanilla Ice is a super-good rapper and He is one of the most innocent beacuase I know inside my heart that he would never ever give up as a Rapper from what every lyrics he wrote came straight from his heart and he would cry to tears if he anyone would ignore and what I know that he's the older brother that I never had and one when I see you Vanilla Ice you would know that whatever words that I'm saying straight from my own heart you would know what I'm talking about and like Jim Morrison is one of favorite Rock star of all time and he sang like a poet and he's a Rock star from the sixties and he gave all poets straight from his heart to mine own! <3 To P!nk and To Vanilla Ice <3<3<3 ❤ ❤ ❤
Pink always seems to write what im feeling. Rad
the queen never disappoints me ❤
You're the best! 😁
Pure enchantment. Her voice is poetry for my ears 😍❤️
Good Lord im obsessed with this
Who is here in the 700k? Wishing you a good day!!!😘💖
When she says My Love My love, my love, I thought she was gonna say MY LOVELY LADY LUMPS!
My beautiful song!! COLOMBIA LOVES YOU🇨🇴🇨🇴🇨🇴
i cant stop listening to this song
the song is good! 😯
The best singer!\n          AND \nThe best song !
Cmon pink fans lets reach 1 million views at the very least pleeeeeeeeeeease😍😍😍😍😥😥😥
When was there an earthquake? Because how else would we all be this shook?
I love her! SHE'S BACK.
I can't wait to hear this entire album 😍. P!NK is so incredible. 💕💕💕💕.
WOW!!!!  the start had me hooked immediately
P!nk, it's YOU my Love, my Drug for my ears 😍🎶😍🎶😍🎶😍🎶😍🎶😍\nMy girl (she ´s 8) and I are So waiting for your new album 💽 and next concert in Belgium 😊
I love you P!NK =)
OHhhhhhh I LOVE YOU P!NK i like your songs so much and this one kills me <3 <3
Every year Pink makes music that will last for a lifetime to be listened to. 😂😂, This is so nice.. Pink is Legend
Has this south africa vibe
Pink is such a great artist😍😍❤️❤️❤️
Damn this voice. How I wish I can sing this way. Love you Pink.
PINK should headline the Superbowl not JT!
Love it and love her!!!! Can't wait to see her in Australia
One of the artist that makes REAL MUSIC!
Pink is such a great singer.Her voice is amazing.Thank you for video and greetings and hugs .xxx
I want her and Kesha to do a song together. They would KILL IT
Great job P!nk, I'm so excited for your new album, your so awesome.
can't wait for the album!! pink's voice still amazing
Hoping for R&B P!nk to make a return one day.
I love pink but idk why this reminds me of one of the new Kesha songs
I love this bitch 😍😍
I'm almost in tears, this song is so beautiful! Omigosh! I love her!
LOVE IT - the better P!nk's return!
0:12 and im in love! I love you P!NK
I absolutely love this song but I have to say it could've been even better for me. I wish she used a more drums in the the pill I keep taking... part and the song blew up a bit bigger after. Also the last time she sings that part could've been just piano then the drums and maybe some horns kick back in and she sings the my love, my drug and the pill I keep taking... parts at the same time before going in the outro. Jus some of my thoughts while listening but as I said I stilllove the song!
IF THIS DOES NOT TOP THE CHARTS, THEN RIP TO MUSIC INDUSTRY. THIS IS MORE THAN GOLD!
Finally. Been waiting for a new song off the album for weeks! As always, P!nk kills it! Can't wait for the album:)
Damn...she does it again! I love this woman and everything she does.
im so extremely happy theres new music. pink ur music touches my heart in every way. i have been a fan since the very first album. i remember when pink was on trl back then. i have missed ya pink the world needs more pink.
cool song.. but waiting for Eminem collaboration ☺
Beautiful trauma😍😍😍
What a song
P!nk's voice ❤️
Amazing ❤❤❤
esta perra w
So good!
juste manifique
PINK!!!!!
♥
THIS IS BOMBBB
just amazing
Decadente! Mais um Flop...
Love it.
Top song 
Love❤️
Yes pink well done 💖💖💖💖💖💖
http://vire.info/?cash=12982
💙💙❤❤
Wonderful😍😍😍
Pink?!?!?! New music?!?! NEVER CLICKED FASTER
really love this
<3 <3 <3
Toooooop
Perfect pink
HOT!!!
Love this.
Yesssssss
Love love love!!!
0:35 \n*Wig falls off*
BEAUTIFUL TRAUMA❤🔥
LOVE YOU PINK!! 💕💕
My humps my lady humps
Yay my pink is back woo hoo
SO EARLY HI WORLD
Okaaaayyyy,one more time >:3
QUE TIRO DE MUSICA <3
R.I.P.. MY WIG\nSHOOKETH TO THE FRICKEN CORE
OMG
❤️❤️❤️
YEEEEEEEEE !!!!!\n Q BONITOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Quem ñ ama essa mulher?❤❤
B4 1 MILLION! beautiful song
i love it!
Frigging awesome song!!! Love it♡♡♡
New P!nk?!?!?!? Yes!!
ITUNES DOWNLOAD LINK https://itunes.apple.com/nl/album/beautiful-trauma/id1269268686?i=1269268688
slay me
ужас дура тупая
She slayed my existence.💓💓
ARREPIOU BEBÊ
P:nk ! toujours la classe la Miss! Peace
Hermosa Pink ¡como siempre! Saludos desde Colombia.
I'm brithday 29 Sep'..please say something to me... :)
Tbh sea is better than maroon 5 be honest White people!
So I guess there's now a competition between Maroon 5 and Katy Perry ... In -Who's gonna make the most craziest videos?...😂😂😂
I thought she's white.
God Bless from New York City!\nMerry before Christmas! \nhttps://youtu.be/StEr5r4VxHM
did Adam Levine acted as King Kong in the second part of the vid?
damn this song in unique
The SAME GUY WHO MADE THE SAME OLD LOVE music video
cool bro........,love from indonesia and keep to be my inspiration 😀😀
dude! Adam can make EDM drops with his voice itself...and why don't you show the other band members in videos
Seriously ....What the fuck is this???
1:37 shark boy and lava girl???
Too Much Morphine will do that to you :P
Hey Gays ? Do you like Maroon ? I hope it will dislike comment :/ !
That deer my nigga I new when I saved him he be good for something
England is my city.
I love Maroon 5! And SZA is so 🔥🔥🔥👅👅👅
Marron 5 my one and only ♡♡♡♡
Who’s here before 1.5 million views?
I  think I have just already heard this song long time ago.
Yet another mediocre Pop song from Maroon 5. Catchy but that's all the song got. Meh!
Adam Levine is something unique, I love it
Ouh God.. That boy know how to control chakra
love the song Zimbabwe
It made my bad day good 🙂
Go SZA here for you and also M5 love the song so much.
I don't fuck with all this autotune Pop shit but the music video tight.
So so cute. I love this song
this is now become my favourite song it used too be calvin harris feels
Dafuq did I just watched?! Video is at 90's level of Aqua... sad for 2017, really, looks like it's made on an iphone by a 10 year-old. Music is good though
Adore the song! Didn’t like the video much, though 😕
I just love Maroon5, the good vibes that they put us in is indescribable. my song for 2017
Just say you feel the way that I feel...I'm feeling sexual, so we should be sexual... oh wait, wrong song 😂 just gives me those vibes 💗
okay but the ending reminds me of the dollhause?
nice! it took months to finish the editing 😂
Gosh what tf is going on with maroon5... such boring trashy bullshit music and then the vid. hell no.
I have the answer to the tittle\n\n\n\n\n\nFuck
oh my shit ,  this is really cool!!!🔥🔥🔥💕💕💕😍😍😍🔝🔝🔝
i dont get it ... but i dig it
One of the best videos I've ever seen this was beautiful and the song of course was great
Am I the only one that thinks maroon 5 isn't all that good anymore?
Dear Joseph Khan,\n\nThis is amazing
To me always sounds like at one part, ooooo I'm shit for you.\nAm I the only one?
I never thought I needed to see sza in a nurse outfit until now and I feel blessed
Joseph Kahn is such a genius!
Let's fucking go baby 💜
If You Like Luv Songs You'll Love My Song Gambling Problem Gambling Problem: https://youtu.be/Q5M6-qJYM10
I love this video !!
oh God, I wouldn't love you for all the money in the world. ugh..gross..no offense man..BUT GROSS. SKINNY, FULL OF TATTOO. AND YOU'RE 38..UGH..if you were 18..I might consider..MIGHT being the word..but you ain't..so..GROSS..I WOULDN'T LOVE YOU EVEN FOR ALL THE MONEY, FAME, AND POWER IN THE WORLD.... AIN'T GOT A PROBLEM BEING YOUR FRIEND THOUGH.
oh gosh this shit is what i love to listen at gym, maroon 5 you're doing amazing sweetie
I come from thailand
SZA went from filming music videos in her parent's garage to making a song + video with maroon 5!!!! so proud of her journey. she deserves this and so muchh moreee i love you sos
I thought SZA is a pretty girl😂, But here Adam Levine Wins The Heart❤
*Please check out my reaction to What Lovers Do in my channel, also I am taking requests so if you want me tor eact on your favorite song/performance/trailer then comment on my videos* :)
This song bout to be used in so many movies over the next few years
I need SZA's phone number.
Wow, i love this song so much! <3
It's perfect <3 I love this Music Video
wish my life was like this
O don't know how I love iy
What is happening in the video can't really understand
That was a really cool video and really unexpected but didnt really gtet it till the end of the vid
SOUNDS LIKE PLAYING WITH FIRE BY BLACKPINK.
Heyyy
Nigger looking like nigger still
I lov u adam Levine
making kids music now... okay
Here before 1 Billion views?
🔴👍👍👍🔴👍👍👍👍👍
before 2M views
rape
Ayyy
Nice
happy song
❤❤❤ love this song
Funny music video 😄
SESESEHEHENOWBEBE
love it!!
drugs, not even once
🇧🇷💖
Drugs.
oohhh just for u
Wow the aesthetics! ♡
Nice video
good idea
yuhu  comeback
You never disappoint us.
OK THIS IS AMAZING LMAO
Oppp
What.
❤
best 5 maroon 5
Best song ever
2017 ✋
mine 13th time
Camila Cabello who?
magnificent song ❤❤
No se que mierdas dice 7w7 pero\n\n prefiero es cuchara esto :v que reggaeton
Anyone seen the movie The Lovely Bone? The imagery in this song reminds of it.
SZA DID THAT
Can you try the clothes on in your next one so we can see how you style them 😭😍😘
this lady smoking that's Uma Thurman 😂😂😂
My thoughts watching this vid : How do you not know what pulp fiction is ???
Men are just pain in the arses, so at least wearing their clothes they're good for something that was brilliant 😂😂
I've given up on trending..\nWhy YouTube?? Whyyy
Why the fuck would anyone spend £200 in primark?
*Damn, you are caked in makeup. Sad for females being exploited by companies because of their insecurites*
You look like charlotte Dawson // Stephanie Pratt but your so beautiful.❤️
That's not how you say Primark!  It's pree-mark
Oh my God u speak to much 😮😮😮
Sigh... I wonder how much girls like these know about where their clothes come from:..
primarks the one with all the sweatshops right?
The only reason those clothes are that cheap is because a chain of people were exploited just so you can wear it once and chuck it on the landfill
Hello, I recently started my humouristic channel. It would mean the world to me if you would give me a chance
Love your Pink Floyd top I went to the Pink Floyd exhibition on Tuesday in London
Thank you Sarah, i now need to go to Primark asap!😍🤣❤️
Fuck no
TRY ON HAUL PLEASE!!!!
Ugh I’m trying to save money and you’re out here making videos like this 😩😂
Fuck u hoe
Love all of these. You literally want me to go off sick tomorrow and sneakily run to Primark 💁🏻😂
Would love a try on haul x
That highlight though 🔥
Pointless to do a haul if you're not trying things on 😰
LOVED this vid as I can never find the good stuff in primark (it's like searching for diamonds in A LOT of rough) - gonna head to Primange v soon now!! Can you pleasee do a Zara haul? Think you'd find lots of great stuff, not just casuals but also for going out/clubbing (throw back to the Zara white lace bralette you wore a few years ago or something) xxx
that glow!!
BRB just going to Primark 👀
U speak very  quick
Babe you should try on the items so we can see what they look like on you!!! :D <3
Loveeee your hauls, if you could do ones from like online shops like PLT mssguided etc, that'd be fab, your style is always on point!!
Mushroom pink? 😂😂😂
What ring light do you use Sarah please!?xxxx
Primark where I live is awful I think I will be travelling to get the good stuff now
How can your love life be non existent you are stunning!
Loved this! I love primark, more branded hauls please 😍🤗👑
I know I’m gonna love this 😋
Sarah your Pink Floyd tee. .need! Where can I get it? ?
This is sooo good! All that's missing is the prices for a few of them. And the Sarah Ashcroft styling touch..making high street look expensive and cool. I'm going to be trying to find these on your Instagram posts now haha
Beautiful girl and nice Video. Where do you get this amazing Lashes
Pmsl.. Men are just pain in the arses so if i can wear their clothes. Made me laugh too much!!! Xx
Love this so much! America NEEDS some primark stores!
AHHHHH😱 I'm literally poor and spend like £500 shopping for clothes and stuff, primark must be cheap af! Heading to Oxford Street this weekend
How come when I go to primark all I can find is a pair of two different sized shoes and a ugly jumper
Sarah can you do a Romwe clothing Haul? pls xx
What lipgloss are you wearing? It's perfect! 💕 x
Ahhh this has given me so much inspo to film my primark haul!😍 love this 💛
Love this!! Thank you 👏🏼👏🏼 primark here I come 😬 please can you do a make up tutorial on this look 🔥🔥🔥 your actually slaying at life! ❤️
I'll have one of everything please 😍😍
On my way to primark tomorrow 😅
You are insanely gorgeous!! need to know, what camera are you using to film your videos ? xxx
I love this Haul.
Hii girl ! What you were using on your lips ? 🖐
So true about the thongs 😂 think I own every colour! Loved this xx
On trending!!
Love this!! Xx
Loved your haul! Your makeup look is gorgeous!
Spent £200 in Primark, still a self obsessed cunt, how's this on trending
Good work, bitch.\nGood work on spending $200 you plastic looking, bitch. Btw you look scarier than Ted Cruz's search history.\nAnd why is this on trending?\nShite video and low views. Wtf YouTube?
Wow amazing haul
primark heels are killers!!!! not matter how cute!
enjoy
You are everything
Missed this! 💗
Kissessss 😘😘😘
what lipgloss are you wearing it slaysss!
Stupid people, spending on stupid things, making stupid videos.
I’m sorry but I really hope you truly like Pink Floyd, otherwise why would you wear that top. Pisses me off when people wear bands Tshirts and don’t even know who the fuck the band are...
Omg haven’t you ever watched pulp fiction!?! Amazing film - must watch 💕
court heels!!! comfortable????? I cant last 10 mins!!
Amazing babe ❤ would love to see more haul style videos from you!!
This lady thinks £200 is a big deal when shopping in primark. I literally spend £500 per month
I wanna see you in that lingerie
Would of made sense to actually try the stuff on. Also what on earth is up with the eyebrows?
Looking amazing as always girl!!!😍
I be spending £200 on 1 t shirt
I never ever go in primark, cos the last time I went in was literally like 7 years and it was terrible but now I think it seems to have got so much better!
wait do makeup looks!!! WAIT CLOTHING DOPE Very very very very sexy Look ❤️❤️ i like it  AND SAW boob thing and glad chose choose be happy!!! were not in body soon super busy cause school!make day . lol and trying save my money!and now , everttime i hear primark i wanna shop !!! your styles always   fab!!! no. i buy anything more sad i suck skin glowing!!!!! love accent
Please like my sisters Instagram @oliviankavanagh ! She loves you so much ❤️❤️❤️
I wish Primark would do an online site and ship everywhere!
Men are just pains in the arse's 😂😂
She spends £200 on shitty primark. Fucking idiot 😷
What is your accent?
😂😂 if you don't have this underwear are you ok 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Definitely should of got involved in the beauty section! Gutted you didn't show any finds there. The brushes and make up is as up there as the clothes
What primark did you go too? Xx I've been after that bag for weeks💛😩
You're actually amazing - totally agree about mens clothing might as well use them for one thing 😏 xo
The smoking lady is Uma Therman 😂 you need too see pulp fiction ASAP
You know Primark uses Child labour?? They pay people £10 a month to work 14 hour days and live in the Factory.
The return of the sprinkles background! Looking good Jemms!
SPEKKIES!!!!
Love the vid
I used to get called Flump at work because my hair was pastel blue, pink and yellow and it looked like a Flump when I braided it! :)
So funny recipe :D and so funny name...flumps! Thanks for sharing this incredible recipe :)
Oh my gosh, I remember eating flumps after band practice in seventh grade! I had forgotten about them, although I guess now I have no excuse not to make them myself.
Hi, Jemma! I've baked a lot using your recipes, and everything turned out great. Is there any chance, that you can show us how to make devil's food cake? I really want to try it, and you are the only one I trust.
Sprinkles! I love that wall!
my new favourite non swear that sounds like swear word.\nwhat the flump is that??? i dont give a flump!!!  get the flump out of here!!! haha love it already
Love your channel can you do a Nutella mega cake with all your Nutella creations on top thanks like if you agree and reply with #Nutella
they are called flumps back there? thats such a cute name!
The music reminded me of gymschool
damn that background music is loud, it's really too bad, i can barely hear you
أنا أحب كيف تفعل كل شيء وأكثر من ذلك مع التفاصيل التي يمكن أن تفسر أكثر من ذلك
You look like Grace vanderwaal all grown up
The music is really off-putting :(
Malteases
I MISSED C&D HQ!!!!
can u make slutty brownies? but like reeeaaalllyy full on ones with like pretzels and honey combs and marshmallows and sprinkles???!!! Xxxxxxxxx
like it
so 24 grams of gelatine.
These look amazing on gingerbread houses.
Flumps look so fun!
ja ja jemma pretty nice recipe
Please do a kinder bueno cupcake emma 😍😍😍
Yor background makes me jealous 😢.
They're 60p in home-bargains.
Sprinkles!
Plz can you do a lemon sherbet recipe
I never clicked on a vid that fast bc it reminded me of marshmallow and I love ma marshmallow
Love the commes des garçon top
Rum and raisin fudge 😍
MashAllah
nice cdg shirt
Aaaah flumps are just my childhood!
notification squad! love you jemma <3 <3 <3
No first !!!
You should totally do merch!!!!!! Imagen it!
YES💜
Super cool!!!
Love you jemma😘😘❤❤❤
I love flumps I love Jemma I love cooking and I love youuu!!!
YOU ARE AMAZING!!!!!!
Great video,  but I think I'll just stick with buying them ready made ;)
That marshmallow u ate was so from today or the batch u just made.
Dear Everyone, apologies for the volume of the music. You're right, it IS too loud. That's my bad! I hope you can cope and it doesn't put you off too much because I can't lower it without removing the video and losing all of your lovely comments. So I promise to not do it again next time if you promise to forgive me and watch this video anyway! Xxx
I remember twisted coloured marshmallows but never called them flumps...then again I’m from Australia so probz different name
Any one else notice how perfect and equal Jemmas were compared to the other girls (5:19) lol you can tell she's a master!!!
Not as easy as it looks
Hey jemma! I really loooove your videos , I'd like  to know wich Brand are your spatulas and bowls? Please let me know 😊....
This must be a British thing, haha
I loved dots when I was a child. Colorful and so much fun to tear off the paper and eat
that background music is too loud
Loved the vid but the music too loud over your voice.
If your going to learn one candy recipe this is the one to learn. So nice and yummy. Nice video, Love all your videos
And where do I store them, in a paper bag or a plastic one?
@CupcakeJemma I use to have nougat with jube pieces in it. Maybe you can make that for one of your episodes. 😊😊
Cupcake jemma a very very important qns \nIs it possible to over whip butter? And make it spoil or something by making too pale?
Your phone case so pretty 😍
What's your star sign
Or just go to Tesco's and buy one for 10p
Nice editing and a really nice recipe! You guys are awesome! X
i love it so much
Can you swap the gelatine for vege - gel?
we call these spekkies in my country!
Love it so much😱❤\nPlease you can do video on mirror cake?
you are so quick bae
I absolutely love your videos. You give me such inspiration for me to get in the kitchen and make some of your recipes. Thank You so much.😀💜
These look so delicious except I can't find powered gelatin anywhere!!! Pls help!
Great to see how they’re made but there ain’t no way that I’d go through all THAT palaver for some flumps!!!
I missed Cadburys Spiral bars. Made great straws to drink chocolate milk with
I use to eat those when I was 2 years old and I don't see them any more and they taste so good they are awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great recipe but the background music was a terrible idea
Flumps is a fun word to say. Flumps lol. Also, I don't really like marshmallow but I kind of want a flump now lol.
Are there vegetarian options? Can I use AgarAgar instead?
Can't wait to see what you're going to do for halloween this year!
Highkey can't wait for all the halloween masterpieces this year😭😭😭😍
I love how the entire table ends up pure white from the icing sugar/corn flour mixture. That's definitely a liberal application! (And makes complete sense, marshmallows just get so sticky.)\n\nAlso, yes, we should all take tea breaks while baking!
In the netherlands that’s called “spekjes “
Sick video can you do a recipe on a classic millionare shortbread thingy😂... Please\nAlso are they worth all the effort
you hsould do a video on popular childhood sweets- maybe fruit winders? i know they could be quite simple but i am really interested to find out
HI JEMMA❤❤ I love your videos so so much!! Lots of love from Mexico 🇲🇽✨🎉 btw can you make some macarons please!😄😍😘
Love your video's but I have one complaint.  Please either remove the back ground music or at least lower the volume.  It interferes with your talking. Again, I love your video's!
Oooh! Flumps! Not had a flump in years lol, god I sound old. Gonna have to give this a go!
definitely not easy as it looks! 😅
You got that recipe from B didn’t you 😏
I have always loved flumps but this is a hard recipe for my hands (I have rheumatoid arthritis) maybe I could find someone to give these a try for me. I had some shop bought ones not too long ago and they were nasty I couldn't eat them they weren't proper flumps.
Looks so difficult but fun to do lol \nThanks for your video
Will it work the same with vegan gelatine? X
I love flumps there the best
Do you find that there are days you going home dustier then others?
2 view
She swallows quick...... I like her.
Is corn flour the same like corn starch
Is that merchandise jemma?!?
Please make something eggless!!
What is icing sugar? I dont think i have it in my country! Can i use another type of it??
Where did you buy your phone case?
Yeah cos we've all got a 6ft long work counter..
Where did you get your cell skin?
I swear the orange jumper reminded me of velma from Scooby doo
I loved the blue one as well :) You looked very nice with it too. Probably I'm telling you because I love blue color.
where are your boots from?
Loved following you round! Also, as a longtime subscriber it was cool because I knew which pieces were more Sam haha. 😘\n\nI think I will wait a while before getting the bourjois lipsticks.. whenever a brand does a big campaign and sponsors a lot of Youtubers etc, it makes me suspicious. Lol. I want a product that sells itself.
This hair color and texture reminds me of Mariah Carey in the 90s
Well done for vlogging when it was so busy!!! I think I would have chickened out xx
Almost 500k!!! I remember watching your get ready with me while you were in uni
I enjoy your videos because your personality isn't fake and cloying. You just seem authentic and down to earth.
anyone know the song in the back at 6:07?
Song name and artist please @6.23
Loving your hair right now Sam!  The colour the texture, it's so suits you!
When you showef the lip color range; my eye went straight to the color you chose to wear.  It's a lovely color. Good choice girlie. Also, you looked really good in the orangy-red jumper. It was a nice Fall color.
Please do more of these!!! So in love with the coat, great video :)
Hi Sammi, just curious why don't you wear blush?
Love it! Samy where is your bag from?
The second red jumper looked lovely on you, I hope you bought it x
I love this video style and hearing your thought process about picking out pieces and then deciding which one to get if you do buy one
I love seeing your shopping videos
This is the 3rd British Youtuber in a week with the exact same vlog format for this lipstick brand AD. I mean, I'm not mad cause I like your vlogs and you got to pay your bills but they're really over-saturating YouTube with this campaign.
Really enjoyed this.  The coat looks amazing but truthfully, everything you tried on looked beautiful.  I actually really liked the second red jumper but I know comfort is important and that material is far too itchy scratchy for my liking. Anyway, thanks for a lovely vlog.
The coat is lovely and you look so good in it, lovely vlog Sammi 💕👍🏻
For all the American ladies, Target (yes babygirl, Target) has a Prince of Wales check blazer for 34.99 that KILLS. I was floored at the quality and fit. Karenbritchick put me on to this and I will love her forever for it. Go get it while you can. The size is spot on but I sized up because I like a little slouch and give. It really is a jewel and a quality bargain. . I wish you could get your hands on one Sammy. Ok back to watching, lol.
Where is that leopard print bag from?? I NEEEEED 💕
The music🎵 in the fitting room 6:22 😍😍 ??
that lipstick looks so pretty on you, I might have to look at it tomorrow, also I love how effortless your style is!! Inspo!
I really liked how you addressed that it's an ad video. Even though it's sponsored, it's genuine. There are some bloggers that market a product too much and just seem fake while doing it. You did it in a way that I see that it's a great product and you describe it as it fitting into your lifestyle.
Looking beautiful as ever Sam, please do more london guides they are EVERYTHING to me!
You just have the best style !\nYou have influenced me so much lately, I think you're always very classy and stylish at the same time. \nXoxo
Wow I love that coat, perfect staple 😍
That BLUE coat!!💙🌀🔷. Far from plain, it POPS!!
WHERE ARE YOUR SHOES FROM????? NEEEEED
Love the coat! You look so good!
Loved the vlog!  Thanks for sharing it with us.  btw love the coat!
I liked the two turtleneck red sweaters the best
I'll definitely try their new products out the highlighters and shadows have been a staple of mine for years, I wonder if they have anything else new haha. Btw if you see this please could u share the shade of your foundation as we're exactly the same tone ❤️
Loved this! Yes pls do more shopping in London videos. Have always wanted to visit & this gives me a great view into where to go
I love watching your shopping vlogz 😍everything is gorgeous 👍
🖤 Those Earrings!!! 🖤 And 💄 Held Up Well Throughout the Day!!!👍🏽
I would love to see whether the dark colours would wear as well, bc that colour pink can easily blend into your natural lip colour
The coat is perfect for the season. Always good to invest in a proper coat. Will love videos like this when you go shopping for certain pieces 😃 x
The coat is gorgeous! Everything!!! 😍😍😍
I loved this video. You should make loads more like this. I love how its was a vlog, try on and testing out type of video all in one! Love you in the BOSS BITCH COAT! <33333333333
You seem so happy and content ^-^ loved this vlog
Sami did enjoy it!  Yes do more, but could you also do one for when you go shopping for Indie?  She is so darn cute and special!  I always remember when Jason built that little rack for her before she was born!  Wow, Christmas is around the corner, so .I hope you do something special as shopping for her and let us see a little!  Have a blessed day everyone watching too!🙏🏽🙏🏽😍💕💕💕
I love that your hair looks darker, it suits you very well! you look stunning as always xx
That coat you got is mad cute and super elegant !! I enjoy watching you go shopping makes me wanna go shopping too 😂😭😍
Absolutely loved this! Are your earrings heavy on the ear? Im interested in getting them but I don't want to stretch my piercing if I can help it!
You look AMAZING....do you have any tips on how you’ve gotten toned and things?
that blue dress is just heaven. it looked so good with your hair up like that. so romantic.
I saw you were looking at red jumpers... I recently brought this one, and it's beautiful (In case you're interested, it's from asos! :) www.asos.com/asos/asos-jumper-in-rib-with-puff-shoulder/prd/8206476
When will we get the questions video?! Missing your chatty videos! Love you Sammi💕
Definitely more of these vlogs I really enjoyed this ....loved the coat and you look amazing too
You give off such a happy vibe in this video, anyone else agree I feel like she has her mojo back 😘❤
I love your videos! They make my day. Especially shopping vlogs! :) The coat is amazing 😍
I have the lipsticks and they are honestly soooooo great. Lovely coat btw! xx
Love your style as always!!! Where are your boots from? I know I've seen them before but they are the perfect everyday shoe! Love you Sammi xx
Loved this vlog! I feel like going shopping now hehe😂👜👠
Love watching you go around London! That lipstick looked like it went on sooo smoothly. And muji is one of my favorite places to shop. I love all their stationary soo much. the mango jacket looked cute but more like a fall jacket than winter. enjoyed the video sammi :)
Love these type of vids, your coat is lush and you look beaut as always!! X
Dude! like the way i thoroughly enjoy ALL your content is just crazy. you're just awesome lol
Hello! You bought some great stuff🤗🤗 i was wondering where is your leopard print bag from ? It is beautifuuulll!  ❤❤Xx
really enjoyed the content of this vlog
Love this! I just checked and saw 12 winter coats in my closet -_- This vlog only made me want another noooooooo
really enjoyed watching this. The coat looks AMAZING!! Great find!
Lower waisted jeans might look nice on you.
Holy COAT!!! It's stunning! Love this type is video! Yes pleeeease do more and with different products.
sammi! weird question... but what is on your nails? looove that colour!!
I love your new winter coat! You're right, it's so important to get the right one. Loving the lip colour as well x
You look so beautiful and the coat is GORG
Does anyone know what camera she uses for vlogging?
Just so enjoyable god bless you and your family Samantha
I didn't know Muji is there too! It's a Japanese brand. People love it here too!
Your hair is like a majestic lion's mane, beautiful 💛
Loved everything about this video!
shopping in autumn and winter, peope should think more where the fabrics come from, here is the link to open eyes in the topic of clothes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siTvjWE2aVw
All 3 coats looked amazing. love the one you picked. lol at the word jumper. I'm always thinking of a top and bottom connected when I hear anyone from the UK say jumper.
Love your vlogs! Xx
Really enjoyed this hun xx
You are amazing
I just  💖💖💖💖💖💖💖 Indie
This coat!! Stunning!!
Yes more please
Love it !
Sammi, would you ever try box braids?
7:27 Daphne
OMG i work at muji in NYC!! :DDD
loooove your brows!!
ZARA have lovely jumpers in atm! ;)
those earrings are so amazing! <3
That orange jumper!!!!! loveee
always always love ur videos Sammi <3
<33
Love the coat ❤
Cute outfit
Your hair looks darker here ??
Love these videos!!
how much money did you pay youtube to be trending
I would love to know what products you use on your hair... I have wavy hair and I don't know what products are good for it. If any viewers know any, please let me know also! Thanks xoxo
I love the blonde, but your darker hair makes your eyes absolutely pop with the most piercing blue! Love itttt.
is this an ad
Get on the counter strike mate
7:28 me when I see Harry styles in April
Why cant i get on trending joe ?
League of legends is the best
I don't understand how people can go to a concert and sit in a seat, the real experience is in the crowd, trying to push to the front.
clubpenguin is my competitive game.(and roblox)IM KIDDING
I play LoL league of legends
You know what  a little birdy told me that Joe dated Perry Edwards from Little Mix
I am stuck in hospital can I get 50 likes please I am in a lot of pain.
Also when ever Joe goes to these types of places he starts he puts random people in the vlog and never keeps in contact with them again lol
PUBG and BF1 - and that Rick Astley cover... wasn't expecting that
I don't play any games, because I suck at them 😂
How can they be sitting!!! 😱 jskañkajja
Dota sucks man joe u should play league of legends
Same. LOL, DOTA.... I have no patience or coordination for them....
I got a screen shot
Is that league of legends? \nMy boyfriend is obsessed also he makes me play PUBG 😂😂😂
I play DOTA 2 with my cousins
I can't believe you fucking met Dave Grohl! Coolest dude in the world.I'm also living vicariously through your concert footage so thanks :)
Good video for the footage and everything that took place. I liked seeing you guys hang out, go to the concert, watch Joe be silly and funny.  That arena was filled.
I play dota2. Im 26 and I still play it. Kinda addicting.
12:38 Pics or it didn't happen! lol
OMG! My life goal is to meet Dave he's my fave person ever!!\nYou didn't get any pictures with the band?!
Yeah you do look like him
Entire group of us  friends *DOTA 27hrs straight* \nInsane day
lol i’ll take the lot
Dead island and Zombi is pretty good
Joe did you really date Perrie edwards? 😱 not trying to be rude, just asking 😂😊
Joe: I'm pretending I just woke up \nMe: well you are wearing a hoodie and a hat so you weren't tricking us 😂
Are Byron and joe roommates?
5:18 THAT'S ELYAN FROM MERLIN!!!
The guy in the background at 9:35😂
IM SEEING THE FOOS IN SEPTEMBER
Haha 10:35 there's just a couple snogging in the background 😂
The game I play is ROBLOX :D
I'm sooooooo jealous of you Joe 😭
Last time they did a show near me I drove 5 hours there and camped out for 12 hours and was front row then drove 5 hours back. Best day of my life!
League of legends is so much better than Dota!!
my favorite genre is rock and other genres like that. recently i just went to a rise against concert with pierce the veil (their really fast rock/metal bands)
Greizmann is a cross between Joe and Tom!!
I thought they were called 'food fighters' whopps...
10:30 the people kissing in the background 😂😂
Joe..... not to be dramatic but you just ruined my life, why would you stop Byron talking off that hoodie? why would you deprive us of something so heavenly, why Joe? why??!!
I see Foo Fighters at Glastonbury
Dave Grohl is my man and Taylor Hawkings is the greates drummer in the world
I got to see the foo fighters a couple years ago and even seated with a broken leg Dave Grohl is one of the best performers I've ever seen
Foo fighters are probably the worst band I've ever heard
Rainbow six siege is a great game you should try
Swing foo fighters is literally on my bucket list... I have seen soundgarden, NIN, and muse and multiple other bands but I haven't seen DAVE FREAKING GROHL AHHHH HES MY FAVORITE ARTIST EVER 😭 My dad actually knew Dave grohl before I was born ☹️ I'm so jelly... also I'm from Seattle💕
LOVE your jumper in the beginning of the VLOG Joe <3
no, no u don't
FOO FIGHTERS! 👏🏻\nSo jealous of you!
I am so jealous you meet them, but happy you got to see them in person
Loved the vlog joe , can you try and start a new horror series I love when you play horror games you always make me laugh💖💖
7:28-7:47 this is literally me trying to get anyones attention
So jealous you have seen foot fighters live, I love them so much. I was brought up listening to foo fighters, green day, kaiser chiefs and artic monkeys. Always going to love them.
Yes! I play most of the games you mentioned. League Of Legends, (CSGO not anymore), PUBG. Even added Caspar and you on steam, wasnt accepted tho :D Nice Video as always 👍
u deserve a sub for liking  good music
Well I like to play papas doughnut 🍩
So many jump cuts, my head started to hurt. lol. Usually they aren't that noticeable!
I'm actually so jealous. Mainly because they're not coming to my city but still >.< I'm sure it was amazing and yeah!
Seeing Joe fangirl about the Foo Fighters is just the best thing! 😂 \nOhhh and Joe, you should try World of Warcraft! 😍
Foo fighters are the best just the absolute best
Hey Joe I saw you in mo's vlog
So you've seen The Killers and foo fighters.... erm very jealous 😭
So fucking jealous, Foo Fighters are my favourite band aswell. If you see this Joe, were you in the Amazon lounge area? Just bought me and my dad tickets to see Paramore in the Amazon Lounge in January, any good? Looks like exactly where the lounge is.
Joe can u do more gta5 videos with oli would be so funny 💛💗💗😍💟💜💚💚
I bought your third book Joe I have been loving it it came in the post yesterday and I am already on page 56
'I am going to wee myself' pmsl😂😭😭❤️❤️
nice shoe swap
MY BROTHER PLAYS DOTA 2
Your trending.
😂😂😂 🐝 make honey so wasp make marmite.
try PointBlank joe><.
Mikey's license plate exposed😂
Joe should try Elsword
DOTA!!!
Obligatory Byron is beautiful comment
clickbait video
cs source
I play d2
IM GOING TO HELLOWORLD
I play PUBG, CSGO, League & Overwatch. :)
your so cute! <3
At 10:40 look behind joe haha
i love the foo fighters omg favourite vlog joeee ;)
First\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTo say HELLRRRRR
PUBG!!!!!
I love  foo fighters
I play dota 2
Dave Grohl 😭
Love your jumper
How to unsee Joes hairy foot in heels 🙈
League of Legends!! :)
love your new shoes !
I. LOVE.THE.FOO.FIGHTERS.  YES JOE
Heyyy joe nice vid
Do more travelling with Oli! 😄
Was that Salma Hayek?
anybody else love Byron
Andy: I love a threeway ... so casual.
I love a three way 🤣🤣👏🏽🤦🏽‍♂️
I love how she didn't express the fact that she thinks they're alike in negative way. She ''praised'' both songs and didn't pit one woman against each other. I gotta admit I didn't expect that answer but I loved it. Way to go Fergie!
FERGIE is unbothered I love her.
Ok why andy feel the need to bring up Taylorswift in every interview?
nice way to dodge directly answering that question
I also love a threeway
The song actually borrows from I'm Too Sexy.
If it was Taylor she would be sueing to the godss
Andy says, I love a 3-way. LMAO!!! I bet he does.
wow she looks so gorgeous
I love her!
first time I heard Taylor's song I was like this is so fergie humps
Did anyone else freak out when she started singing? Such a pure voice! Love you Fergie!
As they used to say in the olden days Fergie's got CLASS.\nI said it right away about it sound like Fergie and the Black Eyed Peas
What! The chorus for Taylor's song had the best sampled from Too Sexy For My Shirt song, so I am confused why Fergie name is in the same mix.
Does anybody else cringe when people start singin like that?
I love it i love a threeway. I bet you do you creeper lmao
It amazes me how Taylor has so many people hooked on her with such mediocre vocals and basic songs.
I love a threeway? I bet the only threeway he had was with his dog and his TV remote control
Fergie threw no shade I love her
They probably share the same songwriter that's why.
Why would she care that it sounds the same, the chorus of the new Taylor Swift song is shit, monotone, repetitive and boring and with that being the case it says a lot about the chorus of her song.
We all love 3 ways!
You know what? Fair play to her! I dont like Fergie i never have (except for the first 2 Black Eyes Peas albums and even then i didnt exactly LIKE her) but ive got a lot of respect after seeing this! She easily could have gone in for an attack on Taylor and point out how she sues everyone she can think of for the most pathetic and minor of similarities (she tried trademarking 'haters gonna hate' ffs a saying older than her and she wants to own it) but nope she kept a cool head and proved shes a better person than me 😂
I'm glad I'm not the only one who thought that new Taylor swift song was meant for fergie
Yeah, they are both shit.
There are only so many combinations of music. Silly pricks trying to cause some drama.
That's a great answer to that question
Isn't she a mother of a child? Hmmmmm. Great goals!
Its true after hearing Taylor Swifts new song i thought she'd joined the Black Eyed Peas lol
I thought the song sounded like Boom Boom Pow rather than My Humps.
Where is the love?......remember that deep song....what happened? Do they have charities helping others?
I love a threeway! Lmao Andy
Well they both took it from right said Fred - I’m to sexy.
First time I heard it I thought it was very Fergie!
So both songs are shite, gotcha.
Taylor is cancer
Stop using Botox
They are both shite performers anyway.
Clever reply, classy lady.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dTZ5phVyvAw
👌 attitude. Classy lady!
Haha ......... Silance             😂
Of course they sound the same. Their music is all written by the same guy.
So they're both shit artists ahhh I get you
What a legend
Taylor Swift is a tranny. I was shocked when I found out the truth.
I would suck the farts out of her baking bowl.
Irrelevant
poor thug
Die of aids
This was hilarious! Obama at the nude beach!! haaaaaaa!!
None of these impressions gave Jamie a chance to shine like he does on fallon
Thy could thrown in ray charles at least
God Bless from New York City!\nMerry before Christmas! \nhttps://youtu.be/StEr5r4VxHM
Between the three of them they have well over 100 million $$$ and the best they can do is $20k.
What's up with Jamie foxx fly
good impressions but the suggestions were weak.
damn jay killed it w those impressions
Am I the only one watching in 2017
What impression did Jamie fox do? What did I miss
I've seen Jamie do better than this, but in this video he was a little lack luster, Oprah was funny tho
What's wrong with ford focus's??
Would have loved to see Ray Charles & Kanye West buying a car!!! Lolololol
A play of Oprah is very fun. LoL
Two of the Best at Impressions!
I wish I was black. black people are so talented.
Omg i died!!!! The oprah jay z was the best one! Coooooookies!!!
What the fuck is going on with Jamie Foxx's pants?
Have these two made a movie yet? They're such a dynamic duo!
Help me to get out from Venezuela😖, I'm worried about international conflicts, President Trump is planning a military invasion and Venezuela is getting ready. I don't want to get trapped in the middle of a civil war 😭\nTake a minute to read my History please,I would apreciate if you help me by sharing🙏🏼 \nhttps://www.gofundme.com/bus-ticket-to-colombia
YOU GET A COOKIE ! and YOU GET A COOKIE ! and YOU GET A COOKIE !
Dam she made that check out fast.
They should've did more musical impressions for Jamie and kept the normal celebs for Jay. Still hilarious though. lol
Making my MMA debut next Saturday. My dream is to become works champion. Follow my journey much love
Hey The Ford Focus is a great car
Before the vid starts. Im assumin jay's gonna do JAY-Z, Chris Tucker, Eddie Murphy, maybe Bernie mac
Jamie Foxx doing Oprah shoulda be pointing at the audience saying: You get a cookie, you get a cookie, everyone gets a cookie!!!
Ellen is  such a fan . She so entertained watching her guest just as much as her audience
When jay did kanye i lost it
I could watch these two for hours, they're so entertaining and talented
Gotta love Jamie!
Jamie doing Oprah's jiggly arm shake.  I feel bad for laughing but that's hilarious.
Foxx & Pharaoh 👏💯😅
世界，你好。
Jay pharaoh kind lost his touch
Jay's Barack impression was amaze balls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Kanye impression though!
Jay PHAROAH killlllled it!!!!! Wow his impressions killed me
Jay Pharoah is hilarious
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=42506
3:21?
that kanye impression though LOLLL
Good one 👍👍👍👍
😂😂😂
You can’t play impressions without having Donald trump in there somewhere
Before I watch this, I'm making a bold prediction, they are going to do Trump, and that is the only reason why it is trending.
First time ever I see Jamie Foxx back up and kind of shy next to a better impressionator when we all know how jamie foxx is good in impression... Jay Pharoah is terrific...
Poor Jamie, he’s normally amazing but next to Jay....no competition
LOL!! These guys man 😂😂
Jay Pharoah is so underrated.  Amazing impressionist.
Barack's impression was SPOT ON 🤣🤣🤣🤣 OMG! Lolll
JAMIE FOX LIKES BEING THE FEMALE..THATS FUCKN CRAZY
2009 kanye vs 2016 kanye looooool
Jay Pharoah is the best!!
Jay Pharaoh smashes Jamie Fox
Can't believe they didn't let jay do his Chris tucker impression!!!
Cooning. Do impressions for Massa, boys!
Everyone in Hollywood knows Jamie Foxx is a homosexual . come out already and embrace it.
If you close your eyes you can imagine Barack speakin
Americans boycott NFL Now
hold on fam😂😂😂
Dopeshit
jamie foxx does not age. wtf.
Kanye a little cruel but Pretty accurate though
On point with Obama 👏
Jay has killer impersonations, Jamie ... not so much, lol
I like Jay Pharoah when he's doing impressions, but when he's himself, he's not really funny. His stand up is garbage and is acting is cringeworthy. He's so popular for imitating other people, that it's awkward to see a normal persona from.
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=42144
I wanna do Oprah
You ain't gone put me in a Ford focus loooool
“YOU AIN’T GON PUT ME IN NO FORD FOCUS”
Listen To Jays Tupac impression
Is that my boy Andre?
Jay is caca
Yo REAL talk,  the show they are promoting sucks MAJOR BALLS.  Not worth the time.  big fan of Foxx but damn it sux
Jamie f**king Foxx man! One of the most talented humans on Earth. Phew!
Clowns!!!
.🤗🤗
Jesus ellen is gettin old she looks awful now
So impressive!!!!
I would watch a movie starting these two any day 😂
Jay's Hitler impression was too accurate!
This was painfully awkward.  Won't be having this segment again.
Jay Pharoah have thoses perfect impressions, but that Kanye one was hilarious
What's with the zipper?
I love the Ellen show
Jay Pharoah's better at talking impressions... Jamie good at singing ones!
'\nalmost look alike on TV show as -- who line is it anyway --
Fox is a punk
Trash
I clicked so fast!!
You get a cookie, you get a cookie, YOU GET A COOKIE!!!
Not comical - at all
Im from Texas
You ain't gon put me in no Ford Focus
In need more of Kanye in the Ford Focus
Scripted
This was cringe as fu*k.!!
Jay out side Jamie. Esp Kanye lol
These are so random yo.
Jamie! When you use baby facial for the first few times mix 2 pumps of the facial with 2 pumps of the oil. It adds extra hydration to the peel and makes it more balancing and your skin will be super soft. It also makes it a little more comfortable too. I'm obsessed with it and actually use it 2x a week religiously, but I had to work up to that. \nAlso, you just don't want to use anything with AHA/BHA/retinol/enzymes immediately after washing Baby Facial off. But surrounding days you def can. DE also recommends using the Marula oil after rinsing baby facial. \nI would do baby facial on Sunday, TLC 1-2x a week and maybe rotate in moonfruit 1-3x a week. I'm a Skin Lead at Sephora and highly recommend all the things you bought 😊
sephooda
X
Absolutely obsessed with you🙊
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3I8AYNGywk&t=54s
Beautiful lipstick an hilagth 🍒👄🍬🦋🌺💎✨🌙👘🤸🏻‍♀️🦄🎀🤝🇲🇽🤜🤛💄💪💅👠👙🕶🌮🥑
Do a tutorial on this look!! I love it!
Your face looks so amazing.... 😍😍😍
Great video💖💖💖🔝
Jamie, this is #gaols & drop dat dough. P.s. Luv ya!
60 FPS makes me so uncomfortable
Love Hauls/favourites vids! And you! <3
Top video 😁😁
The thumbnail made me lol!!!!
Should of bought a $600 brown paper bag to cover your accent, and something to cover my eyes.
WE NEED SEPHORA IN THE UK😭😭
I wish you could come to New Mexico and do my makeup for my husbands return from deployment! You are so incredibly stunning & talented!
Jamie you can use the drunk elephant baby facial and the tlc framboos at the same time just not on the same day so use the baby facial on Monday and then the rest of the week use the tlc framboos (I work at Sephora)
Please do a tutorial on applying lashes 💖💖💖
Could we have a tutorial on your eye look?? I love the green and wud love to know WHICH shadows you used 😃❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
That Baby Soft Foot Mask is CRA CRAAAAA! Your skin peels off!!
hey any smaller youtubers want to support each other? xo
Jamie you need to do a tutorial on this eyeshadow😍💚
You and kaushal are my favourite youtubers I think you should do videos together
Please do a tutorial on this eye look!
please do a vid about round eyes and a green eye makeup look. Also my eyeliner used to be perfect and its no longer awesome so a an eyeliner look where you really delve into semi-hooded eyes would be helpful. also please do a video on night skin care! love you Jamie! your the shit! I gather so much inspiration
I thought that said “Noon Fruit” hahahahaha
What eyelashes are you wearing in this vid? 😍😍
Wow your videos are blowwwing up lol I love it! I like the haul vids, for sure! Keep doing them! Could you do an updated brow routine (+ any tips with eyebrows that don't grow symmetrically, or up in the center? Weird but I can't figure it out and I just want your brows :( \n\nWould also love to see a NAF trip vlog! Always dope. \n\n+ your routine touch ups at your favorite place :)))) 👄
Please do a makeup tutorial on your Vegas make up look and your dark eye when you were on the plane the 2nd time!!
Can u do a tutorial on this look?? 😍❤️
I love it when you do hauls because it's on skin care!! Not so many gurus do this (or at least the ones I've seen), and it's so important to have a good bra and knickers for the face before makeup; so thank you. \n\nAlso, can we just talk about this GAWWWWWGEEEEEEUS eye makeup??!?!?!! GURL. YOU KILLING ME.
You makeup looks soooo good ! \nI definitely want to try those Sephora mask and the watermelon mask
you should look into The Body Shop skincare products! My brothers girlfriend works at one and she's been hooking me up with samples, and everything i've tried is to die for! I think you'd really love their face/hair masks, and the drops of youth oil/oils of life. I use the drops of use which have more of an aloe vera texture as a primer base, and the oils of laugh as your signature i'm crying! drops onto my face to help blend and add some extra glow to my face when putting on foundation. ☺️💕🌻
Hi lovley🙋🏻 could you maybe do a skincare routine? Would love to see these products in action ❤️💋
I love this lip colour you’re rocking! Nudes for life xx
i've been using the drunk elephant products for a while now and i love them but don't accidentally get them in your mouth because they taste like shit
I LOVE this eye look you've got on Jamie... tutorial pleaseeee xxx
It's almost become a daily routine to sit and watch your videos whilst doing my makeup ❤️
Ugh so jealous of this haul 😭 if you just use the Sukari Facial every 1.5-2 weeks, you can still use the DE night serum or other AHA products in conjunction with it! You just need to make sure you stay away from actives 3-4 days before you use the Babyfacial. Just listen to your skin, if you are over exfoliating it will let you know!!
Ugh I want to try all this stuff! I need more money 😩
can you do this make up look in a video plz
wish i could buy all this ughh hahaha
Omg Jamie, please do a tutorial/review on the rubber mask!!❤️
I live for your vlogs, and the hauls are always amazing too! Hope your jet lag wears off before your next trip!
And you're still not hot 💀💀\n\n\n\n\n\nLMAO issa joke
Girl ya just HAD to go and post a huge haul on payday! Desperately praying for my bank balance 🙃
Liked before i even watched just because of the oops in the thumbnail 😂😂
Girl. We N E E D a tut on this look.
I love that your hauls consist of so much skin care ❤️
It’s the farmacy products that came with the little spoon!
Yay yay yay! So happy a bigger YouTuber talked about Farmacy! I absolutely love that brand especially sleep tight and the honey potion moisturizer
please do a makeup collection x
Hey Jamie! Are you going to be dropping your teeth transformation video? Lots of love xM
Can you do a night time routine :)
hi Jamie!! I've seen you own the simple Human mirror...Do you like it for everyday make up?? I need one  and I would love to know your opinion!!\nthanks love, kisses from Spain
I think you can use the glycolic acid and the facial at the same time-- just not the same day. So, once your skin is used to it, I think you could use a schedule like this: TLC S-T-Th, facial F, rest Sat. (Although since they're both heavy AHA's that might be a lot of the same acid to put on your face... but you *could* is what I'm saying.) I do a similar schedule with lactic acid and a mandelic peel respectively, and my very chronically sensitive skin loves it.
Love you Jaime !!! Love that eye look, it's so beautiful!
I've become such a huge fan of yours . Everything about you is so real and classy . Your skills are insane and completely beautiful #girlcrushjng
Drunk elephant is such an amazing brand! For video ideas I still love the full face looks that you do, especailly when they're extra long. I'd love to see a classic bronze smokey eye from you. Those are my favourites to watch because everyone looks good in them
Please film the foot mask thing!
A fat stack of face masks 😂😂😂
I love getting your opinion on beauty products! Loved it xx
Her my face on her thumbnail made me click on it 😂😂😂like 😰
Jamie can you PLEASE do a review on the new Huda Beauty eyeshadow palette? I have seen so much controversy over it and I really trust and respect your opinions and honesty when reviewing products. Thanks love you xx
Your face in the thumbnail #canrelate 👌🏽
I remember when I was a kid and we had Sephora in the Uk- In London in Angel and Brent Cross. I guess they weren’t so successful at the time, but it was before blogging and YouTube ect really took off
Hey Jamie, would you be so kind as to do a basic gentle skin care routine from start to finish for newbies in this beauty world? :)
I love the Drunk Elephant Glycolic Serum, my skin has been so much better since I used it.
The Deunk Elephant TLC serum seriously SAVED my skin. Highly recommend. I have dry, sensitive, acne prone skin.
There is a Sephora in London xx
Hey Jamie, the little spoon comes with the watermelon glow mask. 😊
Please do that charcoal peel off mask in a video
I would love to get all this skincare! That Baby facial sounds awesome and I love Farmacy cleanser
Please do a makeup tutorial on this look! Your eye makeup and skin look gorg!
I miss your videos with Sam! You both are awesome!
From a fellow gal you is engaged and making wedding planning videos I would love to see some fun ideas you might have for yours!
Whenever you’re in LA you should stop by this place Beauty Collection in Sherman Oaks ! They have the Best Skin Care !
I need a tutorial on this entire make up look omg!! You're glowing!
Please do a video of the makeup you are wearing now. Its beautiful and I'd love to know what you are wearing. \nP.S. I purchased Alien due to your recommendation and have been wearing it for a year. I LOVE it!
I am totally getting the drunk elephant facial! Your skin is looking amazing.
Pleaseeee do a make up tutorial on this olive green look! I’ve legit been starring at your eyes the whole video!
WHAT EYESHADOW IS ON YOUR FACE 😍😍
Please do a tutorial on this look. It's sooo beautiful.
I want all of these products. They sound magnificent. A new face?! Yes, please!
ur eyes look so unbelievably beautiful in this vid. what eyeshadows are u using? love u!! xx
I would love to see a tutorial on the look you’re wearing here! I feel like I have the hardest time making colors like that work on me. You look gorgeous!
I just love it accent! I could just listen to you speak all day about absolutely nothing & be okay with it 😂.
new camera??? the quality looks so good
LOVE the fenty sponge, its amazing and the best sponge out of all the ones ive used.
your eyes are amazing when you wear green shadow!!  Love the new lipstick too!!  One of my fav looks on you!
Jamie I Love You.....your Beautiful crazy and Seem like alot of Fun....im neve disappointed by any of your Vibes (KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK)
Sam really likes the Fenty beauty sponge. (She said maybe MORE than the beauty blender 😱😱😱)
Will you be doing some Halloween tutorials? 👻👻
Jamie I love you! Also I LOVE Drunk Elephant. You CAN use those products at the same time. I do my Babyfacial once a week and use the Framboos on other nights with an oil. My skin is super sensitive and it's totally fine. Hope this helps! xo
For UK people who can’t get sephora - the body shop do an amazing dupe for the drunk elephant baby facial! the vitamin C glow revealing liquid peel 🤓 you use it in the same way and it makes all your dead skin cells ball up and come off when you rinse it. it’s only £18 too, i swear by it 🙊
I wish drunk elephant was just a smidge cheaper. I've heard such great things about their products!!
I think am cheap but I think that $6 for 1 mask is not  affordable
#bringsephoratoscotland I'm from Scotland I know how it feels ! 😂
That first Drunk Elephant baby facial thing sounds a lot like the mineral skin peel from ORG.  It's only $44 and the container is massive.  You spray it on your face wait for a minute then rub briskly and all of the dead skin on your face literally balls up like lint and your skin feels like soft butter.
I think I don't understand the one with Jennifer Aniston :(
Corey Taylor on this would be great
the last one, i'm wheezing,
Alec Baldwin's not the only one. Lots of ppl could read their mean tweets from Trump.\nThey could do a whole show on Trump's mean tweets. Couple shows probably
I can't believe someone would write that about Emma Watson. She's a stunning, gorgeous, intelligent, exciting, multitalented young woman. A true real goddess in a world of fakeness. If she was my friend I would be thrilled. I bet I could have days of just conversations with her and fall in love with her mind and heart.\n\nAnd this was a sincere comment. She really is my favourite actress.\n\nThe video was the funniest one by far though. All the celebrities reacted hilariously and especially Jim Parsons and Jennifer Lawrence were super funny!
i think gal gadot has normal size boobs lmao ....they haven't seen the girl from fifty shades of gray
Is it bad that I really want to see the Stranger Things kids on this? I feel like they would just be the best sports
i dont get the bag of flour one what did it mean
Some of those were actually pretty good for once.
Most of these tweets are fake, you can tell because only some of the usernames are censored. The reactions might be real but it kinda sucks that they make usernames up
sent by pre-pubescent teens living with their parents and stay in their bedrooms
Wasn't so long ago they wanted to censurate the internet and force users to id themselves to stop these hate comments.
OH MY GOD THE LAST ANSWER
Stop hand picking the softball tweets. This censored version of twitter is not the real twitter.
bet you they looked so hard to find a mean tweet about gal gadot that wasn't about her being a zionist lmaoooooo
Jimmy, just do an entire show of these please
0:29 okay, let's be honest, this tweet was more of a compliment than a mean tweet XD
Honestly, isn't that how everyone feels about Gwenyth at this point?? 😂
Did anyone understand that Jennifer Aniston joke? Cuz I didn't get it...If it was meant to be just a racist joke cuz she's white so a bag of flour that's an EPIC FAIL seriously.
Kumail sorry if I spelled that wrong violated he's hilarious #clapback😂👌🏽😂👌🏽😂
THE SAVAGERY in the last one. YAS!
Funny how Jake told Conan that no one says his name correctly, that it's *Yyllenhaal* or something, and now he's reading it\n *G* yllenhaal.
THE LAST ONE WAS SO SAVAGE OMFG
JLaw gives a fantastic handy by the way.
Why do you show the names of who sent these?
I died at the last one! XD
Best in the series
0:33 to be fair, he kinda does with that beard of his.
How special, our very 1st special needs President, lol.  #PrezisfornonSpecneedsLOL
“My face is not complemented, but my ballsack is” John Lithgow 2017
How could anyone say anything bad about my girl Jen Anniston, or Jim parsons?
The Jim Parson tweet made me choke on my water..  Oh my god 😂😱
Kunal just made some new enemy's
The Jim Parson one was pretty good
Thank God we can read the tweets on screen, because I could not understand ONE WORD Dave Chappelle said
Kumail is straight S A V A G E! I couldn't breathe after hearing his comebacks!
LOL, thanks for the video!  from dyrectory.com - business directory.
that last one was actually so goddamn funny
Of course everyone wants to punch Jake Gyllenhaal in his face. I mean, he did star in the movie Southpaw right?
John Lithgow is such a legend. As far as I'm concerned, that man can do no wrong.
The ending though 😂😂😂
Who's watching while on #1 trending
wheel name young zkpwycl balance such specialize bat appear poverty row
A couple of likes please
They're here, they're here don't worry. - Gal Gadot
You can tell these were made not by people but by the show itself. Almost all the jokes are the same.
Half my favourite people in this video XD
To be fair every thing about Gwyneth paltrow was true
Throughout the whole video I either smiled or gave a small giggle. But then Kumail Nanjiani’s response KILLED me!!! I was laughing too hard!
saved the best for last with that lipstick joke lmao. Kumail for the win.
THE LAST ONE WAS THE BEST
Lol, the Indian guy at the end killed it...
the last one oh my gosh
I don't get the buthole bit.
Kumail Nanjiani had the best clapback since Psy. 😂😂😂 10 out of 10!!!
Last one was by far the best. “Every shade of you moms lipstick”😂 like if you agree
Came for gal.
Omg Kumail😂👌SAVAGE AF🔥
Kristen Bell is adorably cute
Awww not Emma :(
Yeah go butthole!
Showing ads is mean
Do you like my proflie pic
OMG THAT LAST ONE
Indian dismiss closer dltrvpg normally about resource brief statistics craft composition lack.
haha this is gold! :)
the final burn, damn..
gal gadot ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° \nL A   A M O ALV 7v7
KUMAIL
Dayum  got me with that thumbnail
Last one.. 😊
That ending 😂😂😂
Jim Parsons was incredible 👌
Brandenp just got yoga fired 😂😂😂🔥
They violated these cerleberties
I 💯 agree with the Gwenyth Paltrow tweet.
@branderip got owned
THAT LAST ONE OMG!!!
Really Jimmy? You're gonna bleep out handjobs?
The last one! 😂😂👌🏾
The Jim Parsons one omg
Michael Keaton is GOAT !
Sorry Kumail, you're just Dinesh.
I like kumail's answer LOL
Jim 😂😂😂😂😂
Jimmy cuckle lol
Imma
Yo the last dude lolll
...and her butthole.
1:46 omfg he does...
13m views after 3 days wow
I hate all of these celebrities so badly, that I don't even know who the fu*k they are. Except one lady that I can't remember her name.
Gal is so cute
Gal gadot is so sexy.
OMG!! I love Gal Gadot!!! She's absolutely gorgeous!
Gal is so gorgeous
Gal Gadot is perfect! 10/10
Aww, seeing Gal Gadot try to read is adorable. She's a lot better at it then when she tries to act.
I see gal gadot i click
Gal Gadot is damn fine.. and by that I mean a damn fine Wonder Woman. Lesson of the day: Never under estimate a quirky casting choice.
B: Brilliant\nR: Rad\nA: Awesome\nV: Vicious\nE: Extraordinary\n\nW: Wild\nI: Interesting\nL: Luxurious\nD: Danger\nE: Excellent\nR: Road Trip\nN: Nice\nE: Enjoyable\nS: Super\nS: Searching
Does anyone else here the toot at  0:36?!?! 😂😂😂💩
like a little sticky green booger so cool  8:14
Hey Coyote, can you make videos about ligers, gorillas, mammals and birds in the future???
Does he have a site or something to be able to like download these amazing shots but like without the BW in the corner because this looks like an amazing wallpaper
Who the hell are the haters? 😑 no shows can get any better where's the dislikes from? 😡
Invisible is a strong word... I can still see it.
I still think that Green-Stripe should be more like Dotted-Striped frog instead, with all the little dots on it.
8:59 bruhhhhhh this Kermit looks like he's high on a few drugs...
People say that the whites tree frog was the model for kermie
I believe this species is called the John-Cenaious frog
I wonder if these frogs went back to their population and are telling their friends that they got abducted and experimented on by weird huge creatures then let out??
I bet Coyote is level 50 in pocket frogs and completed all the achievements.
I love APH France. He is one of my favorite characters.............and he is a frog\n\nOHONHONOHNHONHONHONHONHONHON
9:33 Light this frog up? Thought he was gonna pull out a strap
Anyone here subbed to Brave Wilderness before he got 500k?\nIt only took this guy a year and a half to get 8.1 million subs!\nDas Awesome.
Aww I'm sad I can't go to the brave adventure tour ) : I wish I met coyote
I have never seen any frog like this one
It's not exactly invisible it's more like transparent
A clear neon green frog! Amazing!
I feel happy for coyote that he is doing things he loves ! I wish you best of luck with your career! And I will continue to watch for as long as possible! \n\n-A huge fan 😊
Why are they clear?
I dare you to find the golitah birdeater
Coyote if you ever run into a challenge that might make you puke just start laughing it should work I saw it on an episode of dirty  jobs
I'm gonna kill myself, bye!
Man, this guy is gonna die one day, remember Steve Irving?
When are you getting your own tv show coyote
I love frogs. My mom would usually bread and fry them and make this special dipping sauce it's really good.
We love Brave Wilderness! We love frogs as well. We found a big tadpole and our daughter said Were like Coyote Peterson guys
I have your book
0:47 well wait till you meet my sister...
When you forgot mark helps with recording \nMe: Oh Hi Mark
its a glass frog
I would like to be in a video of yours. I live right next to the Gulf of Mexico so I am sure that there are plenty of cool and interesting creatures that live there.
it's that one monster from the spongebob movie when they're singing now that we're men
Can u make a video of how to tell if a frog is poisonous
Do a video with a platypus
They should have this video instead Freaky Frogs 🐸, for the article for a 5 paragraph essay
At the end when you show the release footage of the animals it always makes me so happy!
I am have a bearded dragon and grey tree frog and this is why I started to love other animals
😂😂😂😂😂😂😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄it was like I am going to jump
I love your videos they are amazing!!
Next Thursday is my birthday
Hey the philipine is whole shark????
16:27 \n\nQ U I N T E S S E N T I A L
It looks like a toy
Wow you must of brought your best cameras cause those shots are amazing
I dont love frogs. Nice to meet you too.
I have a pet frog
I bet they won’t pin this comment
You should get your own tv show!like if you agree
This should not be a YouTube video this should a tv seris man. Good job man
I think frogs are some of the most fascinating creatures on the planet. Some can have skin that is completely translucent like this glass frog and some have highly toxic but colorful skin. They truly are majestic little animals.
I saw this in school
well.. i can see it...
i have never seen something incredible like that
This channel is amazing. Entertaining content Coyote.
you are good I love that you like frogs😛😃
This is REAL content right here boys!!! Love watching your videos Cayote...keep the love coming!
Is it odd that I see those frogs every night on my window?
The invisble frog went to the doctor the doctor said wait a 1min because I can't see him right now
Now we can finally see the insides of a frog without having to murder it and open up his stomach in Science Class.
I love frogs to but I don't love love love love love love love love love frogs I mean from a different one I just like France
That frog s called glass frog
This could easily be mistaken for or be a TV show.
Like a sticky green booger. So cool 🤦‍♂️
Invisible frog @3:51
I LOVE FROG
A very... very rare Pepe.
My dad hates 🐸
Do Spicy pepper challenge! Bells to pepper spray!
Thats kermits special ability haha 😂
Am 11
COYOTE HE'S SO TINY X3333
#sizedoesnotmatter
Rtudjfg
OMGG FROPPYYY (?
0:40 I love frogs
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
999 dislikes😂😂😂
it looks like those gummys things
#26 on trending
Oh hi mark
(insert joke) JOHN CENA
More frogs please
COYOTE PETERSON IS AWSEOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸
6:04 anotha one
wow\n\n\n\nRead More
*You can't see diss,booooooooooo *
Sad, my brother killed a frog by stepping on one 😭😭😭 eewww
He looks like he could be vsauces brother...
Can you get bit by a bull frog?
You should start a tv show like if you agree
It ain't easy being green.
Bruh you can clearly see it, its see- trough. I dont call my house invisible because i have windows 😂\n\nStill love you and really rare pepe
Eww! ITS SOO COOL
Coolest frog l'v ever seen
Dat boi, is that you?
hi
HAVENT WATCHED
Stress is still one of the main causes of ulcers - by weakening the immune system and allowing the H. pylori to multiply & get past the stomach's defenses. We learned this in Microbiology. Also, ask anyone who gets ulcers from stress.
Wiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle
my poor 10 year old son has had ulcers since he was 5. I hate watching my son in so much pain.
Who or what ..exactly ..can you NOT STOMACH at this point in your life?..\nBecause ..there's zero wrong with your actual stomach ...\nPay attention to your mind\n..because ..ur thoughts\n are creating ..\nhow sik u are.
I wish there was a cure for Crohn's
With raw vegan pro-biotic food,you can grow good bacteria,to defeat bad one.
I don't have medical studies, but I know that if I don't eat good and at time(meaning 1 or 2 days without eating) I have a risk to get stomach diseases
More point should have been made about requiring surgery.  It was probably the post-surgical antibiotics that were curing it, not the proceedure.
scientific progress in medicine is unfortunately very slow. we care cure only very small portion of illnesses
I miss this narrator, thanks :))
It would have been nice if you would have said what specific antibiotic helps treatment of ulcers as I have them.That would have helped but good video
My doctor literally told me I had ulcers because of strees like three months ago, lol.\nI take a lot of pain medicine so that could be it.
I don't have stomach ulcers, but I do have ulcers in my colon, or Ulcerative Colitis. This was quite cool to watch an learn. Since we don't know what causes U.C., maybe this could be similar.
Whenever i skip a meal.. My parents and friends say I'll get ulcers from the excess acid.. No matter how much I try to tell them about the real real reason behind it, they don't believe me😑
Literally just finished treatment for H. Pylori two days ago. It's actually very common but not commonly tested for unless you're having stomach surgery.
lmao my doctor told me I got mine from stress.
Antibiotics also kill the good gut bacteria, leading to H. Polori dominating, once again.  So, its also about what you choose to eat to feed which bacteria.  Junk food, get ready for health problems.  Healthy food, get ready to feel good.
Why didn't he just give his patients anti-biotics to test his theory?
This video was interesting, but promoting scientists using themselves as guinea pigs is incredibly irresponsible. This is completely opposite to the way the scientific method works and is a reckless and foolish way to try to conduct science.
Nom nom nom nom nom \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Wow, I just found out yesterday that my uncle was in the hospital from Internal bleeding caused by a stomach ulcer. Apparently the ulcer got an artery and caused the internal bleeding. The irony of this being on trending is interesting.
spoilers alert:\n\n\n\n\n\nh.pylori (a common gut microbe) researchers started looking at h.pylori in the mid 1980's. now, hardly anyone has to endure surgery for stomach ulcers thanks to this research that showed a common microbe, and not stress plus spicy food, cause most types of common stomach ulcers. ulcers are now treated with inexpensive antibiotics in the tetracycline family.\n\ni know this because my sister did research on the subject back in the 1980's while working at the Houston VA hospital as a medical research fellow.
WHY is this on Trending with 106k views in 12 hours when *LOUDER WITH CROWDER'S AntiFa bust* is at *126k* in 2 hours, but isn't on Trending??
It's funny how this whole week I've been having pain because of ulcers that I got diagnosed with Monday and this video is posted four days later😂
Am I the only one thinking about Emily Fields and how she had a stomach ulcer season two of PPL?
So what are you trying to spread ..that antibiotic intake prevents r Reduces ulcer...this is stupidity..
I have stomach ulcer and it's not from the bacteria.. it's cause I ate more than 4 pounds of sour patch kids in a day....
1 raw glove of garlic a day you'll be fine
I'll just take those antibiotics and be on my way then.
My ulcer was caused by too much acid and its been 7 months im still on nexium!
I've been blood tested for H. Pylori bacteria multiple times and I have none thus far. The doctors just give me acid reducers, they don't know what else to do. I have horrible anxiety and I really believe the release of hormones when I get panicked mixed with poor diet (alcohol mainly) is the main cause of my ulcers/gastritis.
TED-Ed How can pigeons find there way home from a unknown distance they have never been before?
Does not eating on time also causes ulcers?
So thankful for Addison Anderson! My girlfriend and I love his narrations!
Excellent video, and good explanation about ulcers occur. One thing to know, your normal flora controls a lot of your illness and keep you healthy. Anything that affects it including taking antibiotics, stressors, illness, infection will alter the GI gut Flora. This alteration of the gut Flora allows for bad bacteria/ yeast to proliferate and cause disease
Wow I love this item. http://amzn.to/2xJYbzw
thanks for all these ^______^ ! all ur team r the best !!
Thanks for the info...
i actually met them in year four 😂
Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds join the acid Mafia.
So i can still eat Green chile?
Talk about a dedicated doctor!
Baking soda water. Works on lots of things. Especially stomach ulcers.
Wished you mentioned which antibiotic could or would kill H pylori.
Worry. That's the main cause. There have been so many cases done showing that people who worry ALOT create stomach ulcers. Think about it. People worry themselves into suicide, too. Dale Carnegie wrote about this 70 years ago today. \n\nIf it's not worry, you don't have enough healthy bacteria in your gut and I would recommend Probiotics. But ulcers seriously doesn't come from junk food.
Water 💦 is the mean problem case,,, because it doesn't have mineral 🤓in order to have good  quality water you have to fix it with baking soda , salt and lime 🍋
I also suffered with this disease when I was 15 and 24. When I was 15 the doctor prescribe me a liquid antacid tagamet when I was 24 due to lack of money to buy an expansive medicine someone told me to boil guava leaves and drink which I did and a day after the pain is gone. Now I know where to go or what to take. I also changed me diet to vegan.
I'll just say this, if you are taking anti inflammatory over the counter meds like Motrin you better believe the warning on the bottle that states that ulcers can form without any warning and never over use them like I did formy spinal pain or you could end up like me with 20 years of stomach pain and other gut issues. It is not always caused by bacteria my gut was scoped and no H. Pylori was ever found but those damn pain meds ruined my life. Be careful be very careful.
Watch & Download a Movie *** Pete's Dragon ( 2016 )***The adventures of an orphaned boy named Pete and his best friend Elliot, who just so happens to be a dragon.//Genres:Adventure,Family,Fantasy.//Download & View Link....http://quainator.com/4aHT
Very interesting video! The core of the immune system is the stomach after all, so good bacteria is vital to having a healthy stomach and body. I highly recommend anyone reading this to look up “effects of modern wheat and leaky gut syndrome”. Pretty serious stuff. My family and I have all had health issues starting in the stomach that have been healed by backing off on wheat intake. :) anyone experiencing extraordinary stomach problems or showing the symptoms of leaky gut should give it a try, it might help you!
Dealt with an 'on-and-off' ulcer for the last few years. An Antibiotic regimen last month hopefully stopped it for good.\n I can tell you that being doubled over on the floor in pain for hours at a time is not fun =(\n Strangely, it seemed to be a particular type of melted cheese sauce that would inflame it.
I’m 11 and in total Ive drunken about 40 gallons of lemon juice In my life
You should have a disclaimer that you are not medical professionals and to consult a doctor if you have any reoccurring stomach pains.
I thought getting *_ulcer_* is when you don't eat on time. Or by starving yourself for how many hours and doing it frequently.
I learned this on my Microbiology lecture wow
May I suggest that you do an episode talking about the way water gets in, circles around, and exits your body please? It seems interesting. Thanks!
Can you make a video about Tinnitus disease?my father has it but I can't figure out what's causing that noise inside his ears
Hey I've had 3 stomach ulcers since I was 9. I'm going to be 18 soon and I still have them. But I'll be getting surgery after 4 months of my 18th birthday
Sick!!! He drank bacteria collected from his patient 😱
Interesting Fact about Proffessor Barry Marshall is that he is now working to help cure another disease that I have called Interstitial Cystisis where there is pain, urgency, frequency, and pressure of the bladder with no known cause. The bladder has inflammation and little holes in the protective lining of the bladder. I was so excited to see this ted ed video since I know the guy that cured stomach ulcers is now working to cure my condition!
While I praise your clear and articulate narration in this video, the tone and tempo are rather sedate.  Easy to fall asleep to.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
a true American hero.
Can you make one of these videos on toxoplasmosis 🙏🏽
The timing thing really confuses me.\nI never had ulcer (not that I remember of), but a few weeks ago, I had some spicy foods eaten daily for a week, and then developed ulcer. Now daily 12pm-3pm I had stomach ache. No matter if I was empty stomach, or had eaten breakfast, the pain was there. And after 2-3 hours, it was gone. It continued for 3 4 days until I had a medicine. But I never understood why the timing.
Yes! Finally my Mom can listen to me for once because she has all of these problems (smoking, joint pain, etc) she needs to test if she has H. Pylori in her stomach. She had this ulcer for 15 years. Doctors told her to live with it. Thank you Ted-Ed!
Wait, so u can't get ulcers by chewing gum on an empty stomach?
H.pylori is also a factor in increasing the risk of stomach cancer
4:33\nif I may, some painkillers that reduce inflamation, do so by inhibiting sinthesis of prostaglandins. prostaglandins, as you said, stimulate the secretion of bicarbonate, so the stomach can't defend against it's hostile environment.\n\ndon't quit on painkillers people, we are talking about weeks of daily pills
Thank you for making this video, now I can prove to my friends that stomach ulcers cannot be caused by stress!
Heal stomach pain naturally\nhttps://youtu.be/hdcXDM3O4ac
Great job
Acid mafia cool dj name.
Very interesting!
Bc we eat dirt
Good animation :)
2:32 very nice representation
pregnancy
s
Love the animation!
Amoebiasis next please
I like it
2:47 awkward silence
2:09 *FREEDOM!!*
TG: 5:17 AM\nNgày: 29/9/2017, Tháng 9\nRusha Modi\nThe surprising cause of stomach ulcers
RIP Napoleon
Taco Bell man hahahaha
Lobe the animation
I hate when people laugh to new discoveries... (especially in the medical profession) extremely silly 😡. We need to be more open and embrace truth 💪
drastic times calls for drastic measures 🤔
Goodness what an altruistic doctor
Can hunger due to intermittent fasting cause ulcers?
Don't go on my channel and don't even think about subscribing to me
I got extremely sick when I was 21 and was having to go to the doctor for my stomach a lot. They kept telling me it was just a stomach bug. I had already been diagnosed with GERD when I was 20 and was on Prilosec. Ended up going to see another gastroenterologist who did a endoscope. I had severe gastritis and five stomach ulcers. Doctor was shocked at the severity, stating usually elderly people had what I was suffering from. They tested it to see if it was the bacteria causing it but it came back negative. I also didn’t take pain killers because I constantly worried about stomach ulcers. My treatment was a stronger antacid, a huge bottle of pills to take 3 times a day for 6 months, and another type of antacid in liquid form to take if pain persisted.  Too this day I still get scared whenever I get a stomach ache. I’m always nervous I’ll have another bout.
I think I have stomach ulcers when I go to school in the morning my stomach always hurt and I have to restrain it.
I have arthritis and degenerative back disease. For 20+ years have been taking drugs for pain which gave me ulcers. When i was in SO much pain I googled a home remedy...1/4 tsp cayenne pepper in water. Instant relief. Never had stomach pain again. I also suffered with hemroid pain for years but bad for a whole year. BUT after taking the cayenne pepper I have never had any issues. Been 3 years no sore stomach or sore bum. I have taken a few random shots of cayenne pepper just to keep things running good..about every 3 months.
idc what anybody says, mouth ulcers are 10x worse than stomach ulcers
Hey I get random quick (some last an hour) stomach pains where I have to bend over or it hurts more and I get a little naucious. I go sit on the toilet till it's over. It's usually towards the righter side of my stomach, anyone have this issue?
So antibiotics is the answer to ulcers. Cool. Gonna give it a try. Any particular one tho?
What is that pain medication that causes the stomach ulcer? Is it ibuprofen?
Ryker's sitting compilation is best thing on youtube !
TNG was great, but DS9 was my favorite.  At least Worf kicked ass in that series, I think...
So I guess Screen Junkies is on the CBS crusade to bury the real essence of Star Trek.\nEnjoy your STD junkies.
I always notice Will Riker Putting his leg up next to Data... like... ALL the time. So Data's face would be crotch height to Will.
say I am the King! The King is Law!
Still a billion times better than discovery.
I'm a huge TNG fan...  and I don't even rem that Bev Crusher ep AT ALL.  It must have really sucked!!!
Lmao 7 of 9 was the reason my dad loved it.
I remember in the episode after the 1:13 part, Picard gets increasingly energetic as he rattles off all the legalese reasons why he is about to entangle the Sheliak Corporate for months, while the Sheliak Director gets increasingly flustered, before Picard finishes his point and abruptly terminates communication.  \n\nAs Picard sits back down in the captain's chair, Riker smiles at him and says, You enjoyed that...\nPicard loudly snaps back, YOU'RE DAMNED RIGHT!
I want you to say, with the absolute most gravel that you can make, Blossoming. Buttery. Bacon.
IT TRAILER, ON AN OPEN FEILD NED!
TNG is maybe the best show ever on tv.
Q is my favorite character!
For a change, do Kimi No Na WA (Your name) ❤️
The Kardasians-Omnipresent leather skin tyrants bent on galactic domination which ones tho? 😂😂😂
Hey i liked this show
Honest trailer of Child's Play after the new one comes out please!
Great piece of work. You can tell it was a labor of love.
This was good eh i think it was food? I doubt it now...
I think my show should be done.
One of the best Honest Trailers in a minute lmao
please say I promise we will do a Supernatural Honest Trailer.
The fast and furious trailers are the best
Make a fast and furious 6 Honest trailer
TNG is my favorite of all the Star Trek series
Boi hit us with that IT trailer
I know they were making a joke but I remember that moment when Picard finally got the better of the Sheliak in The Ensigns of Command using the treaty as about the most satisfying thing I've ever watching on television.
You need to do Hannibal!
you should do men in black
When will u do honest trailers pirates of the Caribbean 5?
Her son Wesley...(The Boy!)\n\nCue saxophone solo.
What about a great underrated movie like Reign of fire? Probably the best dragon movie ever.
Here's a good guide for knowing when to skip bad episodes:\nhttp://www.thomism.org/interpretations/star_trek/guide.html
I always liked the one with Sam Clemmins.
Y'all nerd boys are like Kirk or Picard and I'm over here like KATHERINE JANEWAY MY QUEEN
I can't even form words
PLEASE say in singsong voice, somebody once told me the world was gonna rule me, I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed
Can the next TV Series Honest Trailer be Smallville, PLEASE???????
BEST TRAILER EVER! KEEP DOING MORE!
We don't really need trailers, honest or otherwise, for things that have already gone where no one had gone before but have since gone there, do we?
You gotta do Blade Runner before 2049 comes out!
Ok. Time for the West Wing
Can you please do Cutting Class with Brad Pitt?
TNG is the best of all Trek.
Please say Catch you on the flipside
Honest trailer:John Wick Chapter 2 please i want to see how many percent headshots that movie had
Well, I do know what's coming out next week, but...nah, they'll never do it. They don't want to be accused of being bronies.
Best. Honest. Trailer. EVER! Thank you for this!
Hello, I recently started my humouristic channel. It would mean the world to me if you could give me a chance
oh and one for the defenders
To politically correctly go, where no politically correct entity has been before...
what's wrong with janeway
I'd love a Star Trek: Voyager HT
Return of the Jedi honest trailer in order to complete the Star Wars saga.
Deep Space 9 is the best Trek series.
Still the greatest television show ever made. Even the ones they falsely claim they want you to forget (Time's Arrow, Rascals, and Sub Rosa) are fantastic episodes. I love it when they do great movies/shows every now and again. They pretty much end up being homages to the intended target.
DO DOCTOR WHO ALREADY TP CELEBRATE JODIE FOSTER BECOMES A NEW DOCTOR
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine please :)
Do Star Trek Deep Space 9. The best of them all.
That was awesome! Well done! 🖖❤️
Do castle!!!!!
Shutup Wesley XD
Make Spider-Man Homecoming Honest Trailer
Vikings, SKÖL, VALHALLA NOW!!!!!
Very funny.
Do Supernatual!!
shut up Wesley
Do Inhumans for the memes!!!!!!!
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻\nSeriously, you have outdone yourselves.
Shut Up Wesley!
Awesome, but you forgot the Ryker kick.
Do Fast and Furious 6!!!!!!
Hilarious work!  \nPoor worf.
Do West World!
Plz do Django unchained
VOLTRON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do deathnote
Do The Sandlot.
do stranger things!
How about Voltron: Legendary Defenders?
Do Spider-man homecoming
Do Spider-Man Homecoming!!
Deep Space Nine!!!!!!
4:54 got dang !!!!!
SHUT UP WESLEY
This was awesome!!
Do SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING PLEASEEEEEE!!!!!!!!
I FEEL PAINNNNNN
DOCTOR WHO
Do Valerian !!!
please say please say
Do Baby Driver next.
a trailer has a trailer!
do honest trailer of startrek deep space 9 pls pls pls
pls do arrow, it deserves it
DO JOHNNY MNEMONIC!!!!!!!
SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING
Please do DS9 now!
这不是精神控制大师嘛
Kirk or Picard?   Everyone knows the best Captain in Star Trek is Captain Benjamin Sisko.  He punched out Q and didn't even blink!
Rhett wasn't wearing that shirt the whole time!!
I DO NOT CARE FOR THE GUY ON THE RIGHT.
The books in the background
Is it just me or does Link kinda look like a nerdy Yelawolf?!?!?!
The High Definition Chewing sounds  started back in S7E131 vegan food taste test....
Wasn't the original pumpkin spice the blend of spices that went into pumpkin pie? Cinnamon, nutmeg, etc.
My mother always makes pumpkin bread during the fall. Best damn stuff I ever ate bread wise. Only issue is that eating too much pumpkin makes me crap like no tomorrow.
I work at Trader Joe's and I'm already sick of pumpkin
Omg is eating dog treats normal for them they acted like it was an everyday thing and no one else said anything. I was so confused 😂??
the laughter in the background is alright but seems too much this episode
10:09 or as shane would say It Gets Worse
why we don't  see mike and alex more often???
I could smell the pumpkin spice emanating from this video wow
Link didn't wear that shirt the whole time...
Why do you have a live laughtrack of people. Its really funkin annoying.
Has anyone noticed that the picture on the right always changes to the topic of the video???
4:35\n\nWho else thought of Lane Boy by Twenty Øne Piløts???
I hate when people ask for likes , like if you agree
Man Gmm been posting great stuff lately and I love Trader Joes
*My mom and her husband*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLink that's your dad
Please stop the crew laughter!... Please :)
just found out that aldi owns kinda trader joes today so yeah
Dogs do love pumpkin puree and it is good for them
Thanks for the donation! PR needs all the help we can get and your advertisement of the issue is suuuper welcome!
'Candle in my mouth' Perfect!\nSung to Elton John/Bernie Taupan 'Candle in the Wind'\n\nI know you lived your life like a gourd in the fall\nNever knowing what not knowing where the rest was when they carved you all\nI'd really like to eat you but I just don't have the palate\nOh Man! They just put it in my salad!\n\nhttps://www.unicefusa.org/ \n\nThanks Guys!
Get your act together son 😂
Comments:\n95%: lol laugh is bad\n4%: ew pumpkin spice\n1%: random comments and quotes from video
I saw a girl with the mythical hoodie at my middle school
WHAT I love that pumpkin butter!! It's nothing like a candle 😂
Pumpkin spice and pumpkin flavored aren't the same, pumpkin spice has nutmeg along with a few other spices
Thx for donating for Puerto Rico they are really hurt the school that my dad graduated from is somewhat just destroyed and he is very sad all of my family is safe but some other families aren’t so thank you for donating to Puerto Rico
I just bought those Pumpkin Joe Joe's cookies yesterday... they're so good 😋😋
The best Trader Joe's pumpkin item is the pumpkin brittle.
12M subs?  Wow, that's right up there with Trump as prez as a litmus test of America's culture down the tubes...
no offense but I wouldn't wear that shirt lmao
The crew was so giggly this episode!
bro what is with the laughing??? so distracting
Ok, here's the thing. 1) I wish I could have been recruited to do this with you, as I am a pumpkin spice fiend. 2) Not everything Pumpkin flavored will taste like pumpkin pie/pumpkin spice. Pumpkin, itself, doesn't taste like pumpkin pie and you have to add all those awesome spices to it to make it that way. So, yes, some of these things are going to be kind of bland. Also, not all of these things are just Autumn specialties. There are many pumpkin things that are year round things. I've seen Pumpkin Raviolit in Trader Joe's in the middle of May. And Pumpkin butter is a thing you can find at some stores that aren't Trader Joe's even....year round. The Pumpkin Yogurt, Noosa makes amazing pumpkin yogurt and it's a year round thing (if your store carries it, it's amazing, try it). Last, but not least..go to Sprouts Farmers Market if you have one. Get the pumpkin snaps. Like ginger snaps, only pumpkin spice flavoured. Most amazing cookie. Quaker's Pumpkin Spice Oatmeal is f'ing amazing, sadly the Pumpkin Spice/Pumpkin Pie Kellogg's pop-tarts fell horribly flat (NEEDS MORE FILLING). The Pumpkin Spice/Pumpkin Pie Oreo's were a meh. They smelled amazing but...taste wise, I don't know. Was not that impressed. If you want to taste something really horrific, try Pumpkin Spice Cheerio's. Tastes like vomit. Edy's Pumpkin Ice Cream....MOST AMAZING THING!
Little message to jjba fans in the video:\n\nＮＯＴ　ＥＶＥＲＹＴＨＩＮＧ　ＩＳ　Ａ　ＦＵＣＣＩＮ＇　　　　　\nＪＯＪＯ　ＲＥＦＦＥＲＥＮＣＥ\nＹＯＵ　ＤＡＭＮ　ＤＯＮＵＴＳ
I miss the old intro
I just love the new intro
I'm definitely more of an apple cider person 🍎
Wow I love this item. http://amzn.to/2xJYbzw
How come when two enchanting, glamorous men upload, they get on the trending page in a snap?
These guys are silly but I appreciate this fun-fulled breakdown.
I don't like the intro
FYI the chips weren't pumpkin spiced . They were just pumpkin chips.
NOOOOO. DONT FORGET THE PUMPKIN O'S CEREAL ITS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!
One of my dogs literally will run to you if you say pumpkin, but the other will get as far away as posdkble
I really want to try the Pumpkin joe-joes! 😍
Rhet is so chill. I wish I had that chill
Pure  w h i t e
the dogzilla has been here
Hates bagels...puts it at 7\n\nThen says tor-til-uh chips instead of tor-tee-yah. \n\nThis is hipster cringe. Portland would be proud.
All the off camera people fake laughing at unfunny jokes ruins this. Yuk
They should add the seinfeld theme every time the crew laughs.
ILY GMM!!! IM GOING TO THE TOUR OF MYTHICALITY!!! I ALSO ORDERED THE BOOK OF MYTHICALITY!!!! REPLY WHAT YOU HAVE!!!!!!!!!!
Pumpkin spice is my favorite… But I don't like when you get a product that is only the spice and not the pumpkin… I like the two together… There's a lot of products that are just spice even though they say they are pumpkin spice.\n\nWe leave the pumpkins out for the squirrels to eat.
4:31 its sound like Rhett was gonna say the N word but stopped......
Dogs do eat pumpkin its a popular flavour all year around, at the pet store  I work at,  also Pumpkin puree is good to help sooth their stomachs, especially when switching foods (this goes for cats as well) pumpkin puree is actually an ingredient in one of my cats canned foods.\nAlso pumpkin spice has nothing to do with actual pumpkin or the pumpkin taste, its the spices most commonly used it pumpkin pie that complements the flavour like nutmeg and cinnamon (you can by containers of just pumpkin spice to add to pies) so things can be labeled as pumpkin spice and contain 0 pumpkin, I never expect pumpkin in anything labeled ad pumpkin spice.
I had rewind before the wheel intro to see if Link was actually wearing that GMM shirt for the whole episode.\n\n(He wasn't)
Anyone notice almost every video the post is on trending
Can people stop laughing in the background. I'll decide when to laugh.
annoyed by the unnecessary laughs every 5 seconds .-.
You can also feed pumpkin puree to dogs ;)
Who else is watching from Earth?
Link said tortilla in the whitest way possible
The only time you give a dog pumpkin is when their very constapated and I am a huge fan of you guys
I want to eat the gmm logo now because its orange just like pumpkin spice :)
RHETT:”That’s good”\nME:*Thought so*\nLINK:”That’s bad”\nME:”WHAT!”
I feel like yall was paid for this just because of the fact that they say trader Joes so much
Brought to you by TRADER JOESSSSS!!!!!
wow.....that first one was like a Bizarre Adventure in your mouth.
PLEASE MUTE LINK'S CHEWING!!!! I hear it on my nightmares... :S
http://vire.info/?cash=12982
*clicks on video\nPause\nDislike \nLeave*
Yay your on trending :D
Will it poptart?
Dogs eat pumpkin purée for digestion
I'm sooo hungry
where my canadian brothas at
1:58 ...little did Link know...
Emma chamberlain anyone?
😱😱
#27 on trending 🔥🔥 wooop wooop
try mexican sweets
👍 🇵🇷
Do a EarthFare taste test please thx
gfuel made a joke about making a pumpkin spice flavor
We give my dog pumpkin!
Jojo reference?
so this is abviously sponsored
Traders joes white people’s favorite
LINK 😍
7:39 lmao
I'm a pumpkin girl! I love pumpkins! I lost my virginity in a pumpkin batch during Halloween. I lost it too my best friend though. She seduced me.
It's pronounced TOR-tee-u not tortilla
Spoiler: Everything has pumpkin in it
Omg did the crew really have to laugh every single time rhett and link spoke wtf even, rhett and link cant even get a sentence in without the crew laughing about it, like its okay if rhett and link are doing something funny or whatever but if they're literally just SPEAKING the laughter is unnessacary, annoying, and distracting
YES I LOVE PUMPKIN SPICE YASSSS#GMMLOVER #GMM
Go say hi to Natalie Here:  https://youtu.be/eG0JIoQ6CD0\n\nShe promises she'll send a unicorn emoji to everyone that comments!!!
WHY IS THIS DUMB SHIT TRENDING
go go power rangers
Jawbreaker donut!
made with rice crispys
Just eat it already!
Giant Airheads 🔥🔥
Yoo thats that chocolate the umpa lumpa got
Make giant sour patch kid
#27 on trending
So much anxiety at 6:18.
That’s rad!
Make catfish nachos
For that long
THEY MET JON?! LUCKY!
DIY PUMPKIN SPICE LATTE!!!!!!🎃
Suck my d
Are they married?
Is obsidian real?\nI wonder
Make a Giant Tamale
MAKE BALUT!
professer your really peeeertty 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍💋💓
Oh shit your 21 on trending!
OMGeode
Oh Meh Gurd 18 On Trending!
make a gaint chinkin pot pie
Yeah you got trending!!!! Congrats. That 6 months paid off.
Can u make an enderdragon cake plz
Do a huge oreo
I hate fondent
Giant pop tart grilled cheese
GIANT. NUTTER. BUTTER
Edible puss
Congrats on 27th on trending
I swear I thought the title said edible geodude
They look like two pussys
GIANT CHEETO PUFF
Julia looked so sexy in first 5 second then the bitch spoke it was all down hill from then
I swear your acting when you say what professor reminds me of a pov porno
I wanted slap that's dumbass Asian kid come man hit the gym with your weak ass
Song? When they opened the geode
You cannot tell me that when you first read Geode you thought Geodude
You need help if you tear tin foil like this
Hi, I'm an Asian
Thank you for not smiling in your thumbnail. I was eating.
How a tyler1 is born
Every time she tastes the rock candy...
Its 12:23 in the morning I'm Hungary and this is not helping 🍆🍅🍗🍄🍄🍍🍌🍅🍔🍓🍓🍈🍒🍨🍦🍡🍥🍡🍧🍼😴😫😔😢😤😭
Punky's all grown up and into some cool, weirdy, yummy, sciency stuff. 👍🏻👍🏻
I was in Cambodia not long ago and I ate dog so you can do that! Season with lime leaf!
This isn’t a Pokémon
How to  cook that has it! it's really simple just check her account out
Go to 0:22 the light turn off by its self😲😲
Awww she looked so hopeful about getting a puppy~ that’d be so cool for them, wonder what they’d name it...
6 months to make a geode but not one day to make giant Tootsie Rolls of all assorted flavors including vanilla lemon chocolate and strawberry... This is a shame. But then again u made this like 6 months ago and I've only annoyed you for a couple of weeks... But make them!
I ate the dog lol
Does it really take 6 months?
Today is my birthday
id like to see something thats actually healthy on this channel healthy junk food, you know, something without a need for a disclaimer. or you can do something like change the name of the channel ;)
3:43 I love you so much 😂
At 4:40 was that the guy from vat19?
Wow I love this item. http://amzn.to/2xJYbzw
I love the Healthy Junk Food next to 36,000 calories
Won't everything go bad?
How is this healthy?
Make nacho inside of a burger
This looks like a porn intro
It's like a blend of fiction meets science. \n\nYeah, that's called science fiction...
My name is Natalie too really
Do Spaghetti Inside a giant meat ball
Ok I'll do it at walmart
for a sec i\nthought it said diy edibles
Why is this #21 on trending? Are people really that thirsty to eat geode? Like come on people😂😂
Really disappointed that I misread the title as Geodude.
There's so many calories what the heck.
Do the characters from My Singing Monsters
My _______ looks like a geode so dive i
You guys are the best make giant chicken wings and eggs inside chicken nuggets
My wife and i had an ugly food party. Everyone brought i dish like a potluck. The food had to taste excellent but look disgusting....\nWe had smoked pigs heads. Toilet bowls filled with yellow jello and chocolate covered bananas. Kitty litter boxes filled with grapenut cereal and crescent shaped coconut cookies. Just to name a few....
theres one word every youtuber says there is no youtuber who doesn’t say it guess what word 😉
Make Mac and cheese with meatballs
Do u get diarrhoea From it or narr ..... that shit expired
that asia guy is with that kinda cute girl?
Do a ice cream filled donut vs.
This is a good video great effort Lol
This reminds me of so many pornos
With this job you gotta get the rim You are not SLICCC
Have you hear of something called tempering chocolate? Search it. Besides that, great video
Light @ 0:22 turned off they have a ghost
Looks the same as 2nd day to me
I challange BOTH of you make a pizza house. Literally a pizza shaped like a house. Lol
1:13 That's a photoshopper's dream.
Wait did these people get the month wrong?
6 months.. for this.. kinda dissapointing 😂 but its great anyways
6 months for this *project*
4:40 Is that John from vat19
You should have a pumpkin carving contest just for fun but I want JP to win🎃💀👻👺💩😮
I became a lesbian thanks to this video.
I’d pee in her butt 👍
Omg put some braces on
I I thin I ca I jus I. I can't even Eden uploaded yey;___;_______;;; t -this song is so beautiful my keyboard doesn't have enough letters to explain
god fucking bless you. i’m so proud. you are loved.
Johnathan just created a new fucking genre
YAAASSS FINALLY A NEW SONG
Who else cried when they listened to this
I have to say something to all these people trying to decide whether the song is good or not.\n\nYou're asking the wrong question.\n\nThe real question is are you happy EDEN is still making music? Everything is susceptible to change, artist are not exempt from this. And honestly I would hope my music style has changed since I've started, to show some growth on my part. This is not OUR journey, this is EDEN's. If you care about him as an artist then I would hope people would act in a way that shows you want the best for him. I'm not making an argument that this song is better or worse than any others, just pull yourself back to Earth for a second and be glad that EDEN is making music, something he LOVES to do.\n\nAnd for all the people trying to legitimize their status of being a real fan.. man, what the heck are y'all doing? Some people didn't have the luxury of randomly finding this GEM of an artist and human on youtube in 2014 alright? If you like his music you like his music, but you don't have to prove to me that you found him before everyone else. I hate this whole I'm a real fan thing. You know why the whole thing is dumb? because it's subjective. Everyone has their own definition of being a true fan. Sorry, it always strikes a nerve with me\n\nSomeone tell me why I could right about Eden all day, but I struggle with writing papers
help. I feel like I’m trapped inside my own mind. Every day is rinse and repeat. I want to do something with my life. I don’t want to waste my youth. My life is being wasted and there’s nothing I can do about it. I can’t do anything about it..
oh shit here my boy eden up n' trending
I am a simple girl. I see EDEN, I listen to it.
just thank you for this, your voice is a blessing
my name is eden too and honestly I think we'd sound really fucking good singing together so @eden hmu ... xo
you don't love me yet
part of me doesn't want him to be famous and just keep him to myself, but part of me also wants him to be the biggest star ever
New music from EDEN? Uhhhh, yes please!!
So this dude just never makes bad music huh?
such a beautiful life we all have no mater what we have thats going bad just keep looking forward!!!!!!
Wow this really is trash
from the music, to the lyrics, to the video. This guy makes art.
When did Eden get so many subs? I've been here since 10k, glad to see people finally caught on
i think EDEN just ended my crippling addiction to rock + roll
I'm loving this! I'm still trying to find the meaning of this song. Anyone have any thoughts?
I feel like I just watched an entire movie and soundtrack, compacted into less than 6 minutes. whatta journey, love it.
I was one of the og fans
30 seconds into the song and im sobbing good job EDEN great as ever my lovely
Could've been alpha and omega
Thank you for accidentally, always, knowing how I feel about .. everything.
Anyone else been a fan since 2015
To be honest i really don't like the videos that are you just running around doing stuff. I much prefer the ones that told a story with people I didn't know, i don't really know what to take from these travel videos besides the fact that you're in them. They just feel kind of self centered and lame imho
Middle of the song reminds me of vic's part in kanye's wolves
Saving this to my cassettes 👍🤗
I absolutely adore how simplistic but AESTHETIC this video is. it fits with the song beautifully, and i'm in awe. \nWhat a beautiful piece EDEN!
We are all obsessed with the fantasies of another realm. However, we tend to forget that our realm is reality. This is  our home, these our are footprints. Everyday has a start and an end and we need to take advantage of simply being. Let us not wither away and hide within our walls. Let us walk past our boundaries and have a reason to wake up in the morning.\n\n\n\nThank you for just simply being, EDEN. You are an amazing art form.
Everything about this is beautiful
I love Eden, because his songs always say what i can't
EDEN + Stephen would be an awesome collab along with EDEN + Witt Lowry and more of EDEN + Illenium. Maybe even EDEN + Atlas.
I been listening to Eden since 2014 and the song I first heard was Limitless... Yeah I remember my first song😊
I’m probably alone with this one, but NF and EDEN are forever going to be the best musicians I’ve listened to. Both different music genres, to be sure. But they both leave me with some type of feeling that only they could give me and I love it. ‘This is art in its purest form.
I forgot how much I loved his music, I got chills. This is like my 68th time replaying.
I heavily vibe with this
Omg  this is just a pure masterpiece, i love you.
This definitely sounds like it could be on Stranger Things
When some shit goes down, a pair of headphones and a loud track by EDEN is all I need to get over it. Honestly, there have been too many times that Jon's music has stopped me from doing some really dark things, enough to put the name Jonathon on the list of possible child names
I didn't see this coming!
I thought this was about joeys book :( I was disappointed
How can all off of your songs have such an impact on me???
MY FUCKING BOY IS BACK
eden you don't create music, you create emotion
140k views 🤔\nI'm pretty sure half of them are because of me... destroying the repeat button😂
Awesome music video, keep it up.
LYRICS :\n\n[Verse 1]\nYou try to kill it but it won't stop bleeding\nTry to forget it but it won't stop killing you\nYou're running out of time\nYeah, you know you can’t go back\nIt's too late\nTo say it’s too late\nYou can’t take back that you said nothing\nHow could you do nothing?\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nIs this burning right?\nAm I leaving bridges?\nCan we build our past right?\nLearning through future solecism\n\n[Chorus 1]\nIt's played out (I've missed times)\nI’ve moved on (Been disconnected)\nGet fucked up (I stressed time)\nMy new draw (Forgetting timing)\nAnd it’s not right (And I need you to talk me down)\nYou’re dead wrong\nWhat are we doing? ('Cause I feel like I need to crash)\nLet’s go home\nThere’s no hope\nIt’s all wrong\n\n[Bridge]\n'Cause I've been looking at the sky to show me where I went wrong\nBeen looking at the sky like someone was looking down\nBut it keeps raining on me\nAnd I've been looking at the sky since I was like 5 years old\nBeen looking for the stars but it seems like they're all gone\nAnd the fault's not ours alone\nBut I think it's time to go\n\n[Chorus 2 (Over Bridge)]\nIt's played out\nI’ve moved on\nGet fucked up\nMy new draw\nAnd it’s not right\nYou’re dead wrong\nWhat are we doing?\nLet’s go home\nThere’s no hope\nIt’s all wrong\n\n[Verse 2]\nAnd I got way too many questions\nJust to try and get it right\n'Cause I can't be the one\nTo shrug it off\nAnd I could be the reason\nThat we stay up all night\nTo be someone, to be someone\nAnd oh all we've got is to try and get it right\nBut no one told you\nThat this gon' hurt, oh no\nNow all I really want is to scream\nNow all I really want is to scream\nNow all I really want is to scream\nNow all I really want is to scream\n\n[Verse 3]\nThat shit just to try and find a way to get my head down\nAnd head out or maybe just the two of us and head now\nI'm just tryna find the real now\nDream clouds, ghost ground\nReal friends, dead hometown\n\n[Bridge]\n'Cause I've been looking at the sky to show me where I went wrong\nBeen looking at the sky like someone was looking down\nBut it keeps raining on me\nAnd I've been looking at the sky since I was like 5 years old\nBeen looking for the stars but it seems like they're all gone\nAnd it breaks my heart, you know\nBut I think it's time to go\n\n[Chorus 2 (Over Bridge)]\nIt's played out\nI’ve moved on\nGet fucked up\nMy new draw\nAnd it’s not right\nYou’re dead wrong\nWhat are we doing?\nLet’s go home\nThere’s no hope\nIt’s all wrong
To move on you better be strong
The like/dislike ratio is so good!
Que Orgulho de Você Jon ❤❤❤
great work
this is fucking beautiful
❤️
Edens back :'')
TRENDING
http://vire.info/?cash=12982
here before 1M?!
Cade os br q curte esse monstro?
Loveee
An Eden song on Trending wtf????
0:40 Iphone X
woop
YESS MY BABBBBYYYYYYY FUCK FUCKK 7ESSSSS ETSSWDQVR
Esse drop ai, pqp❤
i CanT iJusTLoveItsOmUch.
Holy crap EDEN is trending ?!?! Amazing job!
What  A masterpiece
Me encanta esta mierda...
EDEN ON TRENDING???
#EdenVemProBrasil !
YESSSSS IMY 💓
EDEN LETS GOO TRENDING
EDEN ♥
Dude, you're so awesome!
<<33333
OMG UR ON TRENDING CONGRATS EDEN <333 LOVE YOU!
YES EDEN GO GO GO
in love
Ayyye my boys killin it
<33
Best artist
Shits a banger
Ayyyyy
<3
IT IS TRENDING!
Fucking art.
Beautiful
Im one shook bitch
My boi Eden on trending let's gooooo no fucking way dude aaahhhhhh
deadass got chills and wanted to cry..
We need some eden merch ❤️
Where tf is ATO?
<3
Sana 2 yıldır neden aşık olduğumu bir daha hatırlattın, seni seviyorum ❤️
Anyone else think EDEN and Troye Sivan's voices would mesh so well with eachother? That is literally my dream colab
Emotionnal Nice Music Vid I prob use it for something -s0me1
#38 on trending?!?! eden, you're beginning to make it!!!!!!!!
Boris has game
Nick is sexy as fuck
Did....did he just say Cyrano de Borat? Okay, I'm in love.
His eyes are the most unique color of green. Beautiful
Nick Kroll is a savage.
When u gotta pretend like you've never used tinder
Plot twist, these two should date!!!!
Boris really out here making moves.
Can Nick Kroll date Ella? I think they'd be good together
Boris was a kool dude though. I respect the game
Another reason for me to kms
first mistake, you're using tinder. tinder is for lonely fools that want to stay lonely but get stds too
this made me love nick kroll even more holy fuck
I fucking lost it when his immediate response to that photo was Oh, hello!
Your great Nick Kroll and Ella hope tinder went well
Count how many times she fake laughs
Can we please have a follow up on Borris? I gotta know
didn't know who Nick Kroll was before watching this; definitely a good dude, funny but real and on point - that aside about sending a bad text is amazing
why don't they ever do this for a guy?
Wow I love this item. http://amzn.to/2xJYbzw
I just recognized this guy as the douche 😂
That’s my name
So this is why kroll got his shows canceled not funny
We love your video! Come check out ours 💕 https://youtu.be/m0nGJCK_tzU
This whole video I couldn't look away from Nick Kroll's amazingly beautiful green eyes
Was I the only one rooting for her and Nick Kroll to end up together?
Do you wanna fuck bro?  Is in the running for greatest text ever.
Can you plz get Sarah Silverman to do this
It's the douche like if u watched park and rec
they r waiting on that town 'to go home'
LOL Abdiel is a friend of mine.
oh my gosh, you should have Lil Dicky doing this.
TEAM BORIS!!!! Ella and Boris is my OTP
He said oh hello and I'm hooked
❤ *Are you looking for **#SexyGirl* ❤ *Join Here* ❤ ✒ plus.google.com/u/2/108530906759247413240/posts/cXb6mST9A8s
disappointed she didn't swipe right on the phish fan. btw yes, it is still lawn boy
This is off topic but she's 5'11 tfdyhibffhh
You want to fuck bro? 😆
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Anyone notice that the time is the same in all the shots of the phone/tinder, could be because of the screen capture they used or it could be faked
I love that her and her friend were dressed up as the characters from Oh Hello. so great!
They need to have tinder lessons.  99% of dudes are fucking terrible at it.
If you're ever in a sticky situation you have to ask yourself, what would Nick Kroll do? 😂
Wasn't Ella in that Extra Gum commercial?
Nick's eyes are everything....
If Ella doesn't want Boris, I'll take him
Am I the one who thought they got a text when alyssa Marino came on the screen
When he says it's a match all I hear is Liz
Maybe nick should hit up Ella himself?
This makes me question who I'd actually allow to have my phone for that long.... Probably nobody haha!
hey it's the douche from parks and rec
The douche from parks and rec still on character.
the real joke is that actual real women use Tinder..
at least she was honest about her height requirements. bet she still thinks that men who have weight requirements are shallow though. #doublestandard
This is the only funny tinder takeover
Hijackers:  Do you have permission from all those guys to be on Youtube?!
How was this funny?!? He's amazing
down votes all the semi normal looking people, up votes an ugly forehead nigger because the least intimidating faggot on tinder.  Welcome to America.
I now know that nick kroll is exactly how he was on the league haha 😂
but a black guy with a jewish first name? no.. Lol.
He's the Douche from Sausage Party!
I know someone with the name Nick Kroll and I just got confused af
this is like the gayest shit ive seen, a skinny wimpy living off of daddys money faggot talking shit about random people based on their photos? so funny! and original! and so much effort!
No you can't go back. YOSO - You Only Swipe Once.
The dude he accidentally swiped left was the best of them all...
I would date Boris and I don't even like guys lol
THE DOUCHE !!!
Oh hello
I think I love nick kroll.
She cute though.
PLEASE JOHN MULANEY NEXT!!!!
Smashed for sure
Ooh these eyebrows are tough
Oh hello
Taller than a locker
“Ohhhh you molest dogs!”\n(Smiling) “Mmhmm”
douche.
Ruxin
Nick Kroll... Is an intellectual...
Ruxin???? is that you?
i like Ella
la la muchi la la muchi midnight
Too responsible :D
YASSSS RUXIN!!!!
Nick Kroll has a delightful face!
Thanks Jew for tinder
“Ohhh the eyebrows are tough” HAHAHAHAH
This guy is hilarious
Im 6.2 and im a chick....rip
that was delightful
NINOOOOOO
Ruspin hijacks strangers Tinder
Nick Kroll my new favorite
Knew Nick would nail this.
ninos ears look like hes gonna fly off any second.
get h3h3 in here
Boris👌
Please do Justin Roiland on one of these
Nick Kroll is a good looking ugly dude. No homo
This man is a pedophile
U2's songs are timeless and always worth listening too! Great song! I love it!
Wonderful clip, just go on !!!
I'm not a fan but i  was expecting something very political for this album... Bella merda!
Aren't they supposed to be more irish proud?
Fine song forgettable, U2 has been stronger and edgier
Proud American. Never forget September 11, 2001
What happen to hard edgy U2 of the eighties this song is lame  so commericalize  so pop  not the U2 that I grew up listening too back in days  .  No uniqueness or real feeling  .   Just  another retread song itune U2 band  for mainstream to eat it  up !
I bet it sucks, before I even listen to it I know it will sound either like a chewing gum commercial or a commercial for a car. \n\nYup! All that money and they sit on their ass when it comes to coming up with real shit.
Recognized the voice, but not the style.  New sound trendy.
u2 are so overrated,but i respect that they are real people
It's a song about the destruction of America, which is coming soon.  God is sending us sign after sign showing us our days are numbered.  It's time to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord, because the future prophesies of His Word are getting ready to come to life.  Get saved or get left behind.  There's a storm coming like you've never imagined.\nIf you want another spiritual message, watch Harry Styles Sign of the Times official video.  Listen very closely to the words and watch the visuals.  It's a message that there's a way to escape what's coming upon the whole world very soon.
1:53  millonarios fc  the best team colombia
U2 sold out to the devil... its a shame
Was my fave band for so many years till their fanclub fukt me not once but twice and not only dikt me out of seeing the 1st show of the Innocence tour, but I was told, both times, Yeah. We have your $ so we're good 😳
I have already seen it more than 50 times.
After 41 years, they still have the same 70s/80s style I love so much, I recently turned 16 and I grew up listening to them (thanks to my parents) until now, and I just went to The Joshua Tree Tour in San Diego last Friday and it was amazing ❤️
Quality, the band just gets better with age. True to form, I can't wait for the new album ✌
this song , i dont know just make you happy,its a reminder that life is a gift ! \n\nnever give up!
Please sing this song in Bogotá #theJoshuatreetour
See you guys in Colombia!!!!
1:53 minute, you can see the flag to best team to the 🌎, Millonarios FC La pasiòn de Millones
So happy to see they're still making awesome music... Have loved them since day 1...
Bono is letting his hair grow.......kind of like The Fly had it.......ZooTv 2???
i loooooove it but their live performance is just AMAZING!
Looks like the opening of Saturday Night Live
Hi world! Can someone explain to me what this song is about? I don't understand it. Thank you!! I love you !!!
The Real Thing pt. 2
This is good song from my favorite band, but still I ‘hope’ this will be my least favorite track of SOE ... that album needs to be great, because just good isn’t good enough for U2 anymore!
U2, always on top of my favorites!!!
U2 is very great. And this song too
One more of my favorite bands...love it.
*New York's most hated resident:* The President of the United States of America
Nice to see a music video that contains some celebratory, appreciative content about the United States of America for once these days. \nNo nation is perfect, but I believe America is the best thing about the world; and for all the anti-patriotic liberals, Islamic radicals, and special interest groups (Black Lives Matter especially), that do nothing but hate this Republic and facilitates divisions of every type; these people should appreciate the country that renders their rights to disagree and habitually protest everything pertaining to this nation, because their purported impetus of justice and equality is being lost in translation by way of unadulterated hatefulness of our nation, outrageous acts of violence against fellow citizens, and creating a black hole of vitriolic, backwards straightforward resentment of the United States of America to the point where unity is literally impossible.\nGod bless the United States of America - it is worth the sacrifices and fight to preserve Her promises and greatness, and battle the globalist leftists attempting to tear us apart, and kill the American spirit. \nAmerica's patriotism will prevail; we have no other option but victory.
You're The Best Thing!!! ...about US!!!! Thank you !!!
Trash
http://vire.info/?cash=12982
1:53 Vamos Millonarios! <3
やっぱりＵ２は世界一です！
Millonarios F.C!!! U2 rules!!
1:53 millos presente!!
Bandera de Millonarios 1:52
1:53 La bandera de Millonarios atras!
Solo Miyos Loka xdxd
Sem comentários! U2 é U2!
https://youtu.be/nd_EYo96lmo?t=113 Millonarios :v
MILLOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Minuto 1:52 💙 ))°°/M ((
1:53 8narios
1:53 millos 😎😎
Bandera de millonarios!!!! 1:53
Ultimate ASVAB Practice Center http://bit.ly/2yKsLHI
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=137608
1:53 Viva Millonarios Carajo!!!
Go vegan
1:53 <3
so s
a toi de voir
My favorite song 😘😍😎😛
Minuto 1:53 Bandera de Millonarios FC 🏆
U2
Awesome - Irish lads done good
William Blake
Chile loves U2!!!
Linda
😍😍😍😍😍
Bono's voice heals my soul
Nice!
Like si estás viendo el vídeo por el hermoso escudo de Millos que aparece en el minuto 1:54
minuto 1:53  la 14 de millonarios-de colombia
MILLONARIOS FC DE COLOMBIA.
Min 1:53 bandera de Millonarios de COLOMBIA. Qué grandes U2
aguante millónarios de Bogotá \nel aquipo más grande de Colombia!!
Y donde están los de millonarios ajjajjaa
1:52 minuto en el que aparece la bandera del mas grande de Colombia °°/m
1:53 La bandera del más grande de Colombia, MILLONARIOS. 💙 Excelente.
Vine a ver el escudo de Millos  )°°/M(   ;) 01:51
Ahora quien se aguanta a los hptas hinchas del millonarios :v
Millonarios aparece en el minuto 1:54 5+4:9-1:8 😂😂😂
Hasta U2 es de MILLONARIOS..\nMillonarios por todo el Mundo... 1:52
La bandera de millos... Calidad like
1:53 aparece el escudo de mi GRANDE MILLONARIOS hasta U2 sabe del futbol colombiano.
Que alegría.  Millonarios FC aparece en el video.
1:53 Gracias U2 por el homenaje a Millonarios!!!!
Sale la bandera de millonarios con la 14 1:53
Mostrando todo o amor que eles tem por Nova York...!Lindos!Amo U2!!
Weak song and Bono is such a douch*b*g. The last album was awesome so I hope this is just an aberration.He's still a you-know what.
I still have ur shitty free album apple gave us on icloud -.-
I thought this was luv this is trash whi listens to this
The Edge is a basic bitch
Just when I think U2 can't get more portentous, they give me this land of liberty/I love NY video....surprised they couldn't find any Syrian refugees to film.
1:55 He just saw Trump's image
I love the video clip! I love all the close ups, and Larry you look so cool. Well done U2. Love you U2 Karen Helbig.
Very disappointing. Am I the only one who can't recognise the band of New Year's Day, Pride, One, Streets, Lemon, Please, Beautiful Day and Sometimes you can't make it on your own? What about that guys? Is that difficult to stop acting as a boyband grew up making music after listening to U2 songs and simply acting as U2?
Is it po$$ible, after 40 years of life on this earth, never having had someone who gave a fu!k about you, to still find love?\n\nWho has that answer? A fu!king p$ychologist?\n✌
The real question is does it come free with the next iphone?
who is he flipping the bird to at 1:56
Wow another shitty song from U2 that sounds almost like all their other songs.
I just came here to give a thumbs down.....U2 can eat a dick!!!!👎👎👎
FUCK U2 AND FUCK BONO!!! I'M AMERICAN, VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP, HAPPY WITH THE JOB HE IS DOING, DESPITE THE OPPOSITION!! HOW DARE A CITIZEN FROM ANOTHER COUNTRY VERBALLY ATTACK MY PRESIDENT, WHEN HE HAS/HAD SO MANY FANS IN THAT COUNTRY??? I'VE ALWAYS BEEN THE BIGGEST U2 FAN, NO MORE!!!! I WENT TO TWO JOSHUA TREE CONCERTS THIS PAST SUMMER AND BONO SAID TO THE CROWD,  IF YOU'RE FROM THE LEFT, OR FROM THE RIGHT, YOU ARE ALL WELCOME HERE TONIGHT. WOW, THAT SADLY HAS CHANGED OVER THE LAST WEEK!!!!!! FUCK YOU BONO, GO SUCK GEORGE CLOONEY'S COCK YOU SCUMBAG!!!!!! NOT BUYING THE NEW ALBUM, AND NEVER SPENDING ANOTHER DIME ON A CONCERT TICKET FOR BACK STABBING MOTHER FUCKERS LIKE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!
this is awful
Back to the scene of the crime ! Bubz family being back at the HK apartment brings back sooo much sweet memories 👶🏻👦🏻👩🏻🤓💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
You know in a way Bubs, by helping girls have access to education you are not only helping with gender equality but also climate change as well! Research has shown that providing girls with education helps them to make family planning choices later in life which can lead to reduced carbon footprints. So really you're doing 3 great things in one!
that little mini reunion with u and isaac at the airport was so adorable i had to replay it a few times
YOUR DREAMMM AHHAHAHA I get very crazy dreams too! Almost every night 😂
Please feel free to visit my channel ❤❤❤\nSub to sub,comment if your done 😁😁😁
Ayla is really oh so cute .. hope to bump into u n ur lovely family in hk :) best meantime
can I ask how you do the globe thing. thanks
I got teary eyed about the Bill and Melinda partnership. It warms my heart so much to see all this amazing goodness happening. Glad to be apart/a witness to it all💜
I'm going to admit I started crying when I saw Isaac run to Lindy when he saw her and he started talking about the airplane ❤❤❤
Your hair looks like one side is short and the other is long when you were talking about the schools
what's beautiful about education: no one could take it away from you!!
Lindy your breast milk is the best moisturizer she can ever have on her face. Please hug Isaac for me and kisses for Lala too💋💋💋
What's the song that u used at the airport?
Isaac is such a helpful big brother! 8:41, Ayla's face is like, Did I tell you to stop? LOL
Am I the only one who noticed that Isaac is getting chubbier ?
Ayla is so precious 😭 I remember watching your vlogs when Isaac was first born & look how far you've come!!! Your little family keeps growing & it's so pure to see the love. You've taught me so much in the YEARS I've watched you & im so happy for you bubz! ❤️
where is the baby bath from?
Sounds like the best dream ever
Why do they travel to Hong Kong so often!! Just wonderinggg, love YA BUBZ
Now I want some pinapple bread. Too bad I'm in the middle of Missouri :, (
I hope the new intro has Ayla showing off her cute dance moves! Whether the intro is with her at this age, or when she's moving about, they both will be great! 😄
I wish I was a baby again 😭 I miss it when my mom took care of me like this
Why is she putting Crisco on the baby.
Everytime I see your vlogs and see Ayla I can't help but want to hug her >~< she's cute like her brother
Bubz!!!! You need a new intro! :) ❤
Your little family just makes my life in college more bearable for me to go through
Always so excited when you post a new vlog! So happy you all made it safely to Hong Kong <3
You should really use a mask if you don't want to get your babies sick... young children's immune system are still developing so it's easier for them to get sick.\nTransferring cold is as easy as just talking to your child face to face.
+Bubzvlogz, are you going to film a new intro to your videos now with Ayla?
i keep replaying that part isaac runs to bubz ❤️ SO CUTE IM SOFT
You need a new opening for your vlogs! :O
I think it's time we change the intro again! hahaha
🤣🤣🤣 The LEGO man was so charming
What time is it where you live?? It’s 6:24 p.m for me 😊😊😊 love you bubzfamily
I need to catch up on her vlogs...;;
AHHHHH THE THUMB NAIL IS IN HONG KONG
I had many weird dreams....but one of it have got to be me being chase by giant chickens!!! Lol
I love the bath dance 😂😂😂😍😍😍Isaac cute big brother 😍😘🤗
Don't worry Bubz \nWe all have weird dreams once in a while
Is that your old apartment Bubz??
Isaac's shirt “cool like mama” so cute❤️
Aww I love your family! Issac is already such a good brother 💕
Ugh this amazing, been following you for years bubs love you and your family so much ! 💓 Hello from Canada 🍁
I'm a little confused. You have a house in Dublín and in HK? I thought you lived in HK!! Whaaat?! Hahaha
bubz you're trending no.25 on yt here in the uk!!
I was waiting in the lunch line, sliding my tray along the metal rails. I look to my left and all I see is Michael Jackson in the Beat It outfit. He asks me to pass him the red jello and when I turn back to hand it to him he isn’t there but instead doing the moon walk on the center table. Weirdest thing...the lunch room was completely empty.
The memories on seeing bubz old place awww
aw the Hong Kong apartment :) long time no see
Just came back from a stressful day of school and finally got to watch your video Bubz!! Every video you upload always makes my day I love you and your family, it also makes me feel as if I'm part of your family too. (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
She's getting the Michelin rolls like Isaac did!!! So precious!!!!! 😍😍😍😍
SOOOO CUTTTEEEEE!! Bubz has the chubbiest, cutest babies! 😍😍☺️❤️
#familygoals!!!
Awww, Isaac had such a kind, nurturing soul.
TATS AMAZING BUBZ!!! EDUCATION IS LIFE
Bubz, your vlogs make me so happy. Thanks for sharing such wondrous journies.
Your babies are sooo cute & healthy!
issac looks so much more mature now
YAYYYY #25 ON TRENDINGGGGG
佢講波蘿包好清楚喎⋯⋯
Its okay, ive had weird dreams too 😂 once i had a dream that i was married to elmo but then there was a fire. He turned into evil elmo and tried to kill me
What baby bath tub do You Have?. Looks perfect
She's such a beautiful baby 😭😩❤️
talk about torture, first she's singing cant touch this, and all i wanna do is squish Ayla, then shes like i wish you could touch her cheeks.. LOL I JUST WANNA SQUISH HER SHES SOOOO DARN CUTE!!!
LOL your dream about the Lego man had me laughing. What a great, big brother Isaac is! It was so sweet watching him rock Ayla. 💖 They're both just too precious and cute! Thanks for sharing, and you guys have a wonderful and relaxing weekend!  😊 🌻
Such a wonderful family <3
Road to one million!!
You have the cutest kids !! 😍
My grandfather was very similar. When Japan took Hong Kong, his parents starved to death. He was only 7 at that time and his sister even younger. He had to take up random jobs and even taught himself how to read. He became a ship navigator and left his sister behind for a couple of years when they were a bit older. When he returned, she was gone. Till this day, he has no idea if she's even alive. But he's in his 90s with 8 children, 16 grandchildren, and 9 great grandchildren.
We totally wish we could feel Ayla's cheeks too. * O * its like she has mochi for cheeks
So precious how Isaac loves his baby sister. The cutest thing ever!
I love how genuinely nice you are Bubz! No doubt your kids will grow up following your footsteps 😊💕
Fact : my husband I don't get annoyed with that girl(bubz)you watch , only the other you tubers
it looks like she jamming in that tub!!!@😂😂
Isaac is so adorable! He is going to be an amazing big brother!! 😊 \nI'm happy to hear you partnered up with the foundation! I hope that it will bring more positive impact to communities all around the world! Wishing you the very best! ❤️
Do your kids know the song Baby Shark? They will love it :)
BUBZ!! You're only 5k away!  I  know you don't care as much about subz because you don't have talk about it  but I'm just excited for you  :)
I loved your heartwarming message on education ❤
This is why I've always wanted a big brother! Ayla is so lucky! ^^
.Hi bubzz can you please share your experience with traveling with your baby tips please
Bubz, if you build another school, I'll buy another tee-shirt and donate <3
Lindy... you cannot imagine the joy you bring to my life watching your beautiful babies.  You are the funniest person on YouTube. Such a happy and clever view of everything. What a gift you are! 💖
Wish my son was as chubby as Ayla. He is 2 months older than her , yet a mite little thing.
Hi Bubz,\nJust want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for your goals and inspirations to help others. Your love has no boundary and you look out for not only your family but strangers as well. You're an amazing person who has done a lot of things to make others dream come true. Never underestimate yourself for you have made a big impact on a lot of people's life.
bubz, may i know what song did you use as the bgm in the last minute when isacc's rocking his lala? :D i plan to use it the same for my school project!
can we get an update on little domo? Who's taking care of Chubbi and Domo when you're in HK?
Where are you guys from
Isaac is the sweetest little soul! ❤
Isaac running is adorable
POLO BAOOOOO! <3 <3 <3
Issac grows a lot !!!
2030 Agenda dun dun dun
L’eggo my Lego Man! 😂
Oh yay, I was wondering about Ghana. I'm so excited for that!\nEdit: Also, Ayla is the cutest little baby. Her cheeks do look so soft!
Not the weirdest but definitely a weird dream was last week I dreamt that I was in Northern Ireland (I live in London) and got lost so you, Tim and a female offered to take me dinner and show me around. We went dinner together but I told you I had to be home by 10pm (it was 7pm when we had dinner)\nI woke up wondering: \n1. Can I get home to London from NI in 3 hours? It's already 40mins drive from Heathrow to home!\n2. Why am I seeing u in my dream? \n3. I've had déjà vu, had dreamt of an incident that happen later on as if I have sixth sense (this happened once). So what do you call this? I dreamt that I was with u, in ur home town and now I'm watching a video of u asking what's ur viewers' weirdest dream?! Weird huh.
Since you mentioned schools, does this mean you will be sending Isaac to Chinese school in HK?
not going to lie...when i saw you in your flat in hongkong i was waiting for a clip with you getting mcdonlads delevry haha ly all x
I'm so happy and proud to see one of my favorite youtubers giving back and taking philanthropy and activism seriously! Your commitment to education is inspiring
Hello everyone, i just want to let you guys know that i just had roasted chicken for dinner.
Oh my god Bubz with her cute little voice saying Do you want me to kick his ass? made me laugh so hard lol
What I dont understand is how theres dislikes on this video when its nothing but cute children, building schools for unfortunate places, and admiration for her grandmother... like how can someone go and find something to hate
Their collective asshole is so clenched they can't even enjoy satire... what a sad, sad group of people!  Jon Cozart was Great!!!
He got that damn right these roasts were good asf.
The thing is Lilly and Liza took it sooo well!
Everybody commenting about the dead crowd but Lilly gave a standing ovation quick as hell 🙌
He’s entertaining. I will now spend a few minutes finding out who & what he does
Anyone know who the girl on the left is at 3:10??
1:02 I spy England is my cItY 😂
Think the Shay carl one went a bit too far but the rest were amazing
I love Jon for this. This really lets us see which you tubers have changed after fame.
Fuck every youtuber ever, plus thank you youtube for killing tv. That one is genuine.
You could see him sweating but it was SO good tho
God, I love Jon Cozart... he's... he's just the best.
This Paint isn't dry. 🌝
Who else was waiting for the audible roast after the not reading part
This was perfect. Shitting on a bunch of people with egos too big to laugh at themselves.
Dodie is more like a gurl of 12
tell me that isn't ned from try guys at 1:40
Don't know who Jon Cozart is but dude was fucking slaying!
Jon needs to get into stand up comedy.
Dang that Liza one. Thank you to Philip DeFranco for leading me here.
I'm an idiot, but could someone explain the joey graceffa joke?
David is just enjoying it ahahahaha😂😂
SOME OF THESE WENT SO FAR IM WHEEZING
Wth why are they so dead he was amazing
The people behind the Streamys really struck gold by getting John Cozart as the host. He was great
The shay carl one was maybe to far, but they all were😂
Could have watched that go on for hours
the Teen Choice Awards for everyone who wasn't invited to the Teen Choice Awards I'm dead
All my life I thought Shane Dawson and Onision were the same person( It's like the opposite of The Rock and Dwayne Johnson). Maybe it's because I don't watch a lot of their videos or I live under a rock. I was blew away when I saw them together.
They need a bigger audience or something. More laughs were needed.
Is no one gonna ask why Glozel has a small guitar??!??😂😂
A little guitar *every ukulele player gets triggered*
Snapchat is to InstaStories, \nas Lilly Singh is to Lizza.\nThey do the same thing,\nJust one did it first,\nnow people prefer the other\n.\n.\nDEAD!!!! \nBUUUUUT I love them both!!! <3
I don't even get half of these references.....
Damn Jon. Good job you snarky angel. Like really. A+
Jon Cozart is to the Streamy Awards as Ricky Gervais is to the Golden Globes.
Jon Cozart went places no one thought was possible
If you liked this song, I recommend watching another video of his “YouTube Cult”.\nIt’s share the same “calling out YouTube” vibe 😂
This is like when a comedian does the White House Press Correspondents Dinner and the crowd is super quiet or goes ohhh a lot because they're making (well deserved) jokes at the expense of outlets like CNN. Good for him.
I don't know.. the Shay one went too far. Everything else was great
Wtf I know Youtubers are mostly high school dropouts but do they not know how roasts work? Relax and grow up. This kid was funny he did as good a job as someone can do when they're working with a dead audience so props to him!
Very funny but cringy because some of them were extremely brutal and he was saying them to their faces
that was so awkward!!!!!!!!
I'm not offended by the Jenna Marbles line because he clearly doesn't know anything about her other than that she did a 100 layers video and has a Chihuahua. Daddy issues? Since when? Do you even know who you're talking about? Learn before you try to come at someone. I wish it had been a funny joke that was actually roasting her.
*wipes a tear from her eye and claps like crazy*
When he said Dodie Clark I got very protective but it wasn't all that bad. Much love!
I love Jon he's so funny
Bring him back and make him go harder
Fuck this fucking dead-ass crowd. My god, what a bunch of stuck up idiots.
Jon is the ricky gervais of the streamys
Love Jon and his willingness to poke fun at everyone
frickin Jon is such a savage
Those are my friends me too
I love how Ryland was like wtf did this\npiece of shit just say about my man 😂
The Shay Carl one was oooh  that was bad old shay carl fans who else was upset about the scandal because I was he was the first youtuber i looked up  to however  i learned from this though  to not look up to youtubers
No idea who he is, but that shit was funny
GLOZELL JUST GOT UP AND STRUTED AROUND STAGE OMG I LOVE HER
God oh god I love Jon cozart so much
DO YOU GUYS NOT REALIZE THAT THEY PROBABLY TUNED OUT THE AUDIENCE SO WE COULD HEAR JON SING BETTER?
Shoutout to Liza and Lilly they were great sports while everyone else seemed as if they just saw their dog get ran over.
Simply brilliant. Shame they can't laugh at themselves. I wish he would have roasted DeFranco.
There some people from BuzzFeed for some reason I am surprised
I feel so out of the loop because I don't know most of these youtubers despite watching youtube for about 6h a day.
Absolutely brilliant. The audience needs to lighten up. It's taking all the fun out of it.
I love how fearless he was with some of these jokes OMG
even con's butthole is millennial pink 😂😂😂😂
No one is safe from Jon
So many YouTubers are hating on how he hosted. WHAT A LEGEND
Jon Cozart is my Spirit Animal. \n\nThis was FRIKIN’ AMAZING!!!
It's really ironic how the youtubers he roasts are so offended by his jokes and act like they're high and mighty. He's basically mocking youtube culture these days and how they're basically famous for nothing, you can see it on their faces that they pretend  they are actual celebrities.
Wow that's wild.
the crowd is like a dead fish
me, whisper screaming, throughout the whole video: *JON* oh my- oh boy- oh jesus- *JON*
Oh sheet 😂😂😂😂
THE SHAY CARL ONE OMG I SCREAMED
Ned is beside jenna
lizaaaaa!!
OOOOOOOO REKKKT
JON DID THAT DAMN BOY YESSS
I HAVE DIED
HAHAHAHA IM DYING OMFG I CANNOT BREATHE
Ukulele=small guitar....👌👌👌
Holy Echo Chamber, Batman
Jon is cute
Did anyone noticed tessa brooks.?
Lolololol
This is beautiful
But Mamrie though, but mamrie
SAVAGE AF
49 I’m trending
OHMYGAWDISAWNEDISAWNEDISAWNEDISAWNEDISAWNEDISAWNEDISAWNED
3:11 is Tessa brooks????
savage
Dannggg the Liza Koshy one was brutal
Dude hes super good 👍
Dude, this was fantastic! 😂😂😂
P-A-I-N-T!😂😂
hi
BRILLIANT!!!
2:18 liza was like 'true true true'
Nothing beats days like this :) Thanks for being a huge part of everything we do. Smile More :)
Became really lazy with the vlogs thats why his channel is dying
2 days in a row...
Maybe he took the day off to teach his 5 year old how to talk.
Coras so cute
why arnt u filming
Grass is teal
Hols
that armpit hair is 🔥
omg omg omg omg omg no vlogs again.......................
hi
$1,300.00 Scooter luggage. Holy crap! :)
Logan paul mrch
Get a reptiles roman Atwood✌
Blue hat
Kane's rocking that maverick merch
Make a 1 hour vlog
ROMAN HURRY AND POST BRUH ITS BEEN TODAYS
DENIM!!!!!
The boy has mavrick T-shirt
Roman why r u skipping so many days?
Another skipped vlog smh
Are you ok
Maverick XDD
Colab with Miranda sings
Ramp the suitcase into the pond
Wear is Noah
mavruk
He is waring a maverick shert
Maverick merchhhhh yasss
hope the 1% that reads this will follow their dreams. My dream is to become a successful Youtuber🙌\n I make vlogs
If my recent YouTube video gets 15 views by the time I wake up tomorrow \nI will post a video of my mum trying to ride a scooter 😂😂\nSo subscribe aswell so you don't miss it
I would love an olive green
its every other day bro?!
Dude I’m pretty sure all of you get a break of work once in your life. You probably get like 1 or 2 months of days off he just takes days off once in a while. Ik he only holds a camera and records but that’s even worse because his family doesn’t even have privacy no more. Plus Roman has a company where he can still earn money from and also already has enough money to just quit YouTube but he is still making vlogs for us. So everybody just please stop talking crap about him slacking off.
that will get you to your flights quicker as well haha (smile more) ;)
Can anyone tel me why hasn’t he posted don’t have a Twitter so can’t follow him on there
I'm buying a sweater whenever there in stock again
she said i love you
He is wearing maverick 🔥🔥
Everyone needs to chill out... If y'all can't deal with 2 days of not watching someone else's life, you need to reevaluate yours....  It doesn't matter if it's his job or not, it's also his life. So, get Outta here with the hate!
What country do u live in??? roman
U should do a 24 hr blog
Dont do velcro for the HATS always get stuck in girls hair its the worst !!
Where the hell are your vlogs don’t forget this is your damn job
Hey @RomanAtwoodVlogs my family hopes you are enjoying your time with your family...just want to say thank you for all the entertainment you bring to all of us!!!!! just like you say...SMILE MORE!!!!
Take you rc cars to a skate park
Should make a pole on Facebook or wherever to find out who would want a colour over the others
Love your blogs, but were you been past two days brother? Love your family, especialy Noah. Your kids are so smart and respectfull. And country is my fav of your crew.
One day.. I'll move to Columbus.. why? Cuz the house is a lot cheaper than in NYC...
Roman should make country's cap but with smile more on it
Kane's wearing a maverick shirt
*Don't read my name*
Subscribe to my channel I will appreciate it if u can and please give me a shout out thanks for being the best YouTuber ever
Roman can you make smile more posters for rooms
a denim hat is such a dad hat. i like that
You guys should make a zipline in your backyard it will be so fun for the kids I've got one it will be amazing
Is he in the logang
Leave a like if you think Romans kids watch Logan Paul
Your baby is so cute
todays my birthday can have a like
This guy should just quit vlogging..... He should just do what he likes and that's being with his family..
If your reading this i hope you have a happy Halloween. 🎃
I have scarlet fever and this makes me feel better
You are the best
Of the hats left, the denim was most “Dad” hat.
My mom is and first grade en and teacher and she took a survey of all the students in kindergarten and first grade, and the students who were read too as babies were doing better in school. They learned to read faster and easier. Reading to Cora is really good i think it is amazing that you do that
Everyone who says Logang4Life or Jake Paulers must be a little fucked up in the brain.
Can u put the link in I want to get 1
As he sead her first word
You are the best YouTubeer in the world to me I love you so much you make me laugh and smile all day long
I love these kinds of blogs
I ❤️ your family Roman!  &  and I can't wait for Cora to start talking!
Kane's in the logang
I was wondering why we haven't got a vlog in 2 days, then remembered he just finished production. everyone needs time off from work. that includes vlogging. in the mean time, may I suggest stopping by my new channel. Mom & Dad with Twin Boys! We are very new, 12 subs. Give us a chance?
you should do the no cut vlog
I've really wanted a slash 4 by 4 Traxxas my whole life
Can you show us how you edit pleas bigest fan yall are awsome yall are the best youtubers in the wold EVER
Hi roman you are the best and i love you. And your famley.
Where did you get that suitcase
I love Kanes shit be a maverick
Roman u should shout out fouseys new channel and but his channel on the related channels tab
Roman what you doing you missed 2 days
Kane's wearing Maverick merch I guess you like Logan and so does Roman
I love canes Maverick shirt
I love vlogs like these and kanes maverick merch! :)
Kanes in the logang
Hey roman make a 24 hour challenge in your trampoline pls🙏
Roommate l love it with you hair in a mohawk
Go to my channel it is blain bambam
Cora's eyes are so beautiful omgggg😍💕💕💕💕💕
Dude why do you need to take time off vloging your only filming 15 min of your life😂-no hate
your the only family who could make riding a suit case around your kitchen all day fun
Here's the link for my Channel
Romanatwood is so boring u do nothing interesting
Dd any one notice kanes maverick shirt
Well you've been gone for too days excuse
Hey roman! when are u Gonna get married to brit?
Sub to me and I will sub to u
Thank you for getting my mind off things just for a little while
The lighting on this video is a dream. You look gorgeous, pregnancy suits you. <3
Love you Fleur! It was you that I started watching YouTube because of. Hope you're feeling well xxx
Totally impressive. ^.^
Love this! Would totally recommend the new Clarins cushion foundation too! The perfect finish, buildable coverage (big deal for something with problem skin like me!) and just feels beautiful on the skin! x
Can’t wait for your little one to come !!
Ooh what nail polish are you wearing??
thumbs up hun 🤗 x
<3
❤️❤️❤️
💕💕
Hello
I enjoy your videos SO MUCH😍
Will you ever come to Slovenia? 😊
I love your sweater! =)
That brown eyeliner really makes your green eyes stand out. So gorgeous!
You look lovely Fleur❤️
Nice nails
That perfume bottle was cute
Some great favs! xxx
What about your sweater? 😊
7 favs and I want to buy 4 of them now...Well 5 but I am not paying for the VB eyeliner as I think that range is overpriced, but everyone is saying how nice the eyeliner is.... Evo is an Australian brand so nice to see that mentioned!
Hi Fleur!  Can you tell me which are the two scents you dont love as much from Elizabeth & James?  I've only ever tried the white one and love it, so curious about the rest..
Loved the video Fleur! Your makeup looked beautiful! What color is the By Terry lipstick? Was number 28 pecan nude the correct color? I just wanted to double check because it looked a lot darker on the website and not mauve (but it could be the online pictures). Thanks!
Yay! I love favourites videos <3 :)
😍😍
Fleur you're so gorgeous in every video 💕
love that elizabeth & james perfume! great video! xo from my channel to your’s <3
I also love elizabeth and james perfume but it winds up trending too sweet on me.  That eyeliner looks like a dream <3
I'm fairly new to your videos and am absolutely loving them! You mentioned that you usually have some go-to drugstore concealers ...and chance of a video about your fave drugstore products? ❤️💋💞
Which of the Elizabeth & James fragrances do you not like? Besides the French Grey....I find that you and I have similar taste in fragrance.... I haven't tried the amethyst one yet.... but I LOVE Bourbon
the lighting in this video is superb and it only augments your beauty, mademoiselle.
Are all the Estée Lauder eyeliners that good or just the Victoria Beckham ones???
Oooo I wanna try the new Elizabeth and James Perfume , I have two but I can't get it anywhere near me :-(
You should try some of the Korean cushion foundations (Laneige, Hera, Missha). They have medium to high coverage and still gives out a very natural finish and feeling on your skin. And color range wise, they are seriously fair/pale! Thanks for the recommendations, hopefully I'll be able to find this styling spray in Switzerland! We have Batiste, it's already a good thing!\nI legit cannot wait for the little princess to come! 😍 Sending lots of love to you and your lovely family!
You are so lovely and down-to-earth 😍 Pregnancy really suits you. Love from Finland 🇫🇮
Fleur, what Shadow are you wearing here? Also, could you share your thoughts on the new Charlotte Tillbury pallet? It looks gorgeous but I'm undecided if it's worth the cost.... thanks!
Please do a video about your ear piercings!  They are so pretty!  What jewelry brands to you love?  Thanks!
You're so beautiful Fleur! x
Loving your nail polish, what is it?? ☺️
Love this video Fleur! Does anyone happen to know when the Estée Lauder BB Cushion will be available in Canada? Or if it's called something else here?
thyanks for thoughts on the new Elizabeth and James launches.  Nirvana Rose is still my firm favorite, but the whole line is incredible.  It was nice to hear your thoughts on the new ones.
I need to know what this lip color is!
Short and sweet are my ❤️
Your nail polish ! 🙌🏼 what is it???
I love your makeup look it's so simple and your eyes go really well with that lip colourrrr
I'm surprised you liked the Estée Lauder Double Wear BB Cushion: I'm opposite on the skin- type spectrum to you- I am very oily. I've never liked the EL Double Wear, because it tends to look heavy. I find the same with the BB Cushion. Maybe I'm using it wrong. It's difficult to spread and feels drying even though I'm oily....although Instill get oily. I really want to like it. The shade range irritates me: in the UK, the lightest warm shade that can be purchased (or that seems to be in stock) is W2W. Which is like an NC25 at least; so I had to purchase from the US and have the shade lighter W1W, sent over....which is still a hair too dark for my NC15 skin tone.
You looks so pretty as always thanks babe
Yours are the only favourites video I watch, love them! What are you wearing through your brows? They look more defined yet softer if that even makes sense ..?
Love this. So excited for mini de force! Thank you for inspiring me to upload my first video X
Hi Fleur! What lip color are you wearing??
Hi fleur love your monthly favourites videos.would love to try the purfume.as always you look fab.xx😀
Estee Lauder is always wonderful! I love their products ❤️✨
Hello Fleur, your reviews are immensely helpful for the beauty/youtube world. You are gorgeous and I've loved your channel for a while. xo
Literally cannot remember the last time I filmed a faves. You look great Fleur xxx
Your makeup always looks incredible!!! 😍👌🏻 As do your nails! You always have the prettiest colors on!!
Love that scent! Smells a lot like another favorite of mine, Aerin's Amber Musk (which I think I pick up after you recommended it in a video??)
Also obsessed with the new Perfume from E&J it is smokey perfection
❤️❤️❤️ you're so sweet and so pretty!   I'm obsessed with creamy smooth eyeliners. It's so much easier to glide on
Need to check some of these out
I knew the cushion foundation would make it in your favourites, I really want to try it xx
By Terry has been on my list for ages but I can never justify the purchase when there are less expensive items I like...Though, I'm sure I'd love whatever I got and never look back!
Who was here before 500views
I'm just excited for the new in October video:DD
Keep well.  Thanks for the video.
I love your earrings Fleur! Where did you get them? Can I find them online? I would really appreciate it if you could answer me :)
Great products! I'm definitely going to try the concealer and the hair spray. Thanks a lot :)P. S. You look absolutely amazing as always.
I really really love this British accent, I want to speak like this, but I caaan't it's don't matching with my mouth 😂😩
Perfect timing for the train journey home! That Estee BB cushion is on my list!! Xx
Said this before but love your favourite videos and also your eyebrows look so good!!
I went to purchase the concealer but confused by the colours. Have you seen the other 2 lighter colours Fleur? I usually have the lightest shade in concealers, as I'm very fair but on Really Rees review the swatches came up looking really pink for 1, and really orange for 2. Your one at no 3 looks really light and more natural looking, is it at all orangey? Kate x
The sultry eye look suits you so well, beautiful ❤
Perfect lip color 🔥
Evo do the best blonde toning conditioner - I find that most purple/silver shampoos are a bit drying, but the conditioner is amazing and tones more than any shampoo I've tried!
You look absolutely beautiful dahhhling!
Hi Fleur, will you be going vlogtober or vlogmas at all this year? Just curious I love your videos 😊
Just now commenting. But as always STOP WHATEVER YOUR DOING AND WATCH. My most intrigued item on this video is the new Elizabeth and James scent. I definitely didn't care for it too much when I first smelt it but I guess I should give it another try since Fleur recommends it. Love you always.
No matter where I am, I always feel at home when watching Fleur's videos 💕
I absolutely love these videos! Although I'm sure I say that about all videos you make😂 love you lots Fleur xxx❤️❤️❤️
Can anyone explain to me what the point of the cushion in the foundation is? Is it just a gimmick or what. I got the L'Oréal one and it's useless.
What's the point in making the elizabeth and james perfumes exclusive to harrods? So you can only get it if you live in london or visit london? And the only way you can sample them to find out if you even like the scent is to visit the store. That's just bullshit. Who do they think they are? Do they think their product is so special and exclusive that only certain people deserve it? No way I'm buying their perfume now. We're talking about mary kate and ashley here, they need to get their heads out of their arses.
Whats on ur nails? Have been seeing this a lot on ur videos! Thanks!
Aww Fleur you are absolutely beaming , thanks for another great monthly vid. I can't wait till your little one comes along sooooo exciting & there is a real baby boom on YouTube 😘💜✨😘
My YouTube unsubscribed from your channel 🙁🙁🙁 not good YouTube
your make up is beautiful :)
Hi Fleur would you consider doing  a video on your eyebrow routine?  They always good. Thanks.
I'm seriously thinking about trying that cushion if they make a shade light enough for me. Hope you are feeling well. Hugs, Summer xo
I found E&J fragrances in Fenwick as well.
Need daily vlog...fluer...missing everyone 😍😘😁
The by Terri blush looks lovely, but I can get over the fact that it looks like a nipple in the compact 🤦🏼‍♀️
👍❤️good favourites & I loved it a lot
EVO styling products are amazing! The salon I work at was one of the first to carry the Australian based line, and they knock it out of the park with styling and masks!
In general I like your videos, but I really do not like the way you use affiliate links and not marking them as affiliate links. And I find it quite strange that you link to two Estee Lauder products to two different websites instead of just linking to Estee Lauders page, its obvious that its because of rstyle.me. Its so sad, because you do this in every video and it almost feel like youre not being candid to your viewers. I hope you change the way you do the info bar in the future :)
Is that Elizabeth & James perfume really that good? Like is it really earth-shakingly good GOOOOOOD? Lots of people are raving about it like a bitch in heat. Lol
I really like that this video wasn't just about buying loads of new stuff 🙌
Right before you said it I was thinking those trousers would look good with a red jumper 😂  I've also seen a lot of extremely pointy boots out and about but they look kind of clown-ish to me 🤷‍♀️
I love how down to earth you are! Professional pics are neat, but mirror pics are definitely more relatable and are still great!
Definetly the mirror selfies, they just have this effortless and casual feel to them. Whereas the more professional shots are a little more clean cut. \nDoes that make sense? Lmao. \nBoth are stunning though!
Loving statement earrings on you! You look great in this video.
You look gorgeous!! Where is your necklace from?
You should release a red jumper with Novem & Knight!!!!
Girl first of all this was amazing, you are amazing! I love your videos to the moon and back, truly! And to answer your question I actually like the mirror pics more than the professional shots (although those are marvelous too) as I feel like they're a bit more charming and relatable. So much love to you and your lovely family! xxx
ive been a subscriber since ur doc martens days omg!! time flies!!!!
You look so stunning in this video!
I just want to go out buy so much more clothes than what I was already thinking about! Love this video!
the puffy bomber is one of my favourite wardrobe pieces cause it instantly makes your outfit trendy
very good video! so put together and insipring! thank You! so professional, Sammy!
hi where is your gold lamp from?! :)
Love this! I'm pregnant with twins and seriously don't know how I'm going to find anything in trend for my growing body, knowing colours and patterns will really help! Also I love your selfie posts 📸 xx
I like a combination of professional photos and selfies! They both show something different :)
Im not into any of those trends. Except red bc it's my favourite colour. But i dont get the trend of the biiiig jackets/coats and wide shoulders. And shiny clothing ugh \nTbh i personally think it's not important to follow trends. It's better to build a solid wardrobe and then maybe buy a few pieces here and there and personalise everything
Try reserved for a red jumper! They have the nicest roll neck xxxx
Are those bomber jackets? Most of the pictures you showed are puffa jackets
Hi Sammy! You're looking gorgeous! I loved the video but I think you shoud have mentioned the vinyl trend and showned your H&M skirt, I have one too and I'm in love with it :D!! Love from Portugal XXx
Where is that red flower dress from @ 8:27?  I can't find it in the discription box :(
👍🇺🇸🇬🇧🇺🇸🇬🇧💞💕💞💕💞💕💞💤💤💤💤💤💤🌐 you have beautiful hand Sammy I got interrupted the first time I washed your blog great blog as usual Kansas City Missouri
I love the look of your N&K jumper but it doesn’t say what it’s made of......could you let me know? X
Love that red is in! This was a really helpful run down, loved it 💗🍂
Hey Samantha, if you're worried about the oversized bomber trend not suiting your short frame (same tbh) Ariana Grande has been known to wear them from time to time and she is next level tiny! You may have already seen it since it's a little old now but check out her music video for Everyday for some inspo. Not a plug but shorties like us can definitely pull off all the trends too!
The check print is called Glen plaid (which is short for Glen Urquhart plaid) or Glenurquhart check
I love these videos Sammi!! And I love how excited you are, it makes me so excited to shop too - you're so bad for my bank balance! xx
I like seeing both for sure but more mirror pics!
I like both! Sometimes I like to see something really pro and full of effort, but sometimes it's nice to just see a regular person taking a regular photo in front of a mirror! (Possibly stuck all the crap things in the room to where you can't see in the pic.)\nLove you!!
The red jumper and skirts with oversized sweaters are my favourites! 😍 Love it. \nAnd I'm loving your lipstick, your hair and your shirt in this video. 😍😍 You always look so good! \nLoved the video 💕
The kitten heel... it's a no from me 🙈
Loving these videos on upcoming trends and how to incorporate them!
Love love loved this! I feel so inspired now thank you! x
This is your best makeup look! 💄
love the format of you vids sami
This filming background is SO nice 😍
Sammi you'll love this site for all these trends! https://imaginebykim.nl/collections/newin
You're makeup looks amazing in this video! That lip is everything!
No disrespect but other than the 40s blue and the red autumnal boots most of the other pieces reminds me of the story ‘the emperors new clothes’, kinda.
I would LOVE to have this grey jumper!!! I even wanted it last year.. but shipping to germany and from pounds to euro is just toooo expensive for just one jumper.. I wait till payday or you post a coupon code :D:D
You look so pretty  on your outfit with red lipstick 😊👍
These type of videos are just my favourite.  I love how accessible you make all the trends.  You give such good inspiration to try and explore different looks.
i love how you've made these trends so accessible, great video!
mix of both type of pics!
a major trend for this winter and all the following seasons is ethical fashion :)
This red lip looks so good!
Hi Sammi Loving this video! The part about you having to switch out an item because your'e shorter is SO relatable and made me want more content like this! Can you do a video of outfit/trends for different body types? Petite, tall, plus, etc. This would help others make the best choices for their body type! Sending lots of love and hugs your way from California!
love it. watched this on my way to london.. eeeeexcellent. i will never be onboard with kitten heels I'm afraid. they just offend me lolllll.\np.s. im a fan of the professional, more candid photos on your insta purely because i can see an outfit in action that way.\nlots of love xo
yes omg return of the og sammi bring out the docs girl <3 hehe xxx
Sam you should do a thrifting/charity video. I would LOVE that from you
I prefer a mix between relatable (mirror pics) and professional ones x
I enjoy the mirror shots less professionals!👍
You could instagram a picture of a rock id still think its a stylish rock and looks better than my outfit
always enjoy your fashion videos :) I like both types of instagram pics - I think it's good to have some of both as it keeps it looking sophisticated but real
Hi Sam, personally I like a mix of professional shots and mirror pics, but I also like whatever gets us more outfit pictures!
I bought a bright red scarf yesterday and I am in love! Such a good way to get a bit of colour for someone who's scared of deviating from monochrome!
As for Instagram I really like a good mix of both !!
Love your style !!! You are such an inspiration
I love the top you're wearing with the red lipstick! Selfies, and mirror outfit pics are my favorites for your Instagram because it feels more real.
Love you sammi! I always love your fashion videos
a video on the styling pajama trend..
Yes the check blazer! I picked up the perfect one for 1 pound whilst thrift shopping !
I think the Docs could look good with the chunky jumper and sweet skirt combo
Hey Sam, sorry just seen Jason uploaded a podcasts with you.. I'll be back ☝️😊
Selfie outfit pictures <3
Always my no.1 fashion guru! X
What i love about your fashion videos is that it inspires me to be braver with my own personal style. Now i'll actually take the plunge and wear something i like even if it's a bit out there and it's a great feeeling  xx
Love love love your fashion videos ! And i dont mind both for your outfit photos. Love checking out your instagram stories about your outfit and Indie as well ❤️
definitely prefer your mirror / selfie outfit shots :)
I really like your hairstyle like that ☺️
Loved all the pieces but the sequins blazer was my favorite😍
I've just seen that Zara has a quilted scarf. That might be a way to get the puffy bomber look without being overwhelming. #teampetite
Casual mirror pics
I've just bought an oversized grey/brown check blazer and i love it but have no idea how to style it! any suggestions?
I like this kinda neutral sage green or slate blue color on stove pipe dress slacks. The pants are kinda high waisted with deeper pockets and are worn with a rugged boot. I kinda like the professional Instagram photos.
Piece piece piece piece piece cool  piece piece
I love your style, you are and have been for years an inspiration to me <3\nI prefer more laid back insta pictures! They are so much more authentic :)
where is that lovely red floral tea dress from ? x
WHAT LIPSTICK IS THAT?! You're always, always, always SO gorgeous
Love videos like this!
I think Polka Dots are also a thing this season !!! I see them every where & instead of red , maroon jumpers is a huge trend !!! Goes go well with the checkers x planning to do something like this on my blog soon !
I think a variety is good, but I prefer selfie, mirror pictures. It's nice to see more selfies and mirror pictures just to remember that you are just a normal person like your followers. A lot of fashion YouTubers are leaning more towards the professional side of things and sometimes it's nice to be able to relate to you on some level, if that makes sense!
This is awesome video. Great creation\nif you want to like this just come to My channel and subscribe my channel.\nhttps://youtu.be/fz9cEb_6fl4\nCreate a good comment and like my video\nhttps://youtu.be/qk-ekQuK2Gk
LOVEEEEE THESEEEE VIDEOSSSSSS
The shirt, the hair-do, the red lip- just GORGEOUS!
You're glowing!
I smell karenbritchick !!!
LOVVVEEEE your style!!❤️
You looking nice ❤️
i prefer your non-professional pics on insta
I loveee the winter maxi/midi dresses
Your makeup looks great!!
Your eyebrows be poppin
Prefer selfie mirror instagram, more natural look xx
Love everything apart from the kitten heels, im never going to be able to jump on that fashion train! x
KITTEN VEEL VERSION oh my god a died Sam 😹😹😹
Shout out to everyone that remembers Sam killing it in Doc Martens back in the day.
ugh you're so chic yet unique at the same time! loved this video so much. the outfit with the sequin blazer had to be my fave 😍😍😍
I also think Baker boy hats, berets and statement earrings are coming back 😍 can’t complain!!
I don't know what it is about this video, but I LOVED it ❤️ I feel like you're the one fashion YouTuber I watch who is so passionate when you talk about fashion - such a joy to watch!
This is adorable Zoe and the little mermaid and seahorse are so cute. Beautiful cake. Tfs 🤗👍🏻😊👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Would love to see you make a shark cake!
Can you plz make a slugterra cake topper because your method is very clear and I love your videos and I wanted to make a slugterra themed cake for my little brothers birthday cake! Thank you so much
wow cake sweet
Wow amazing as always you made it look so easy your so talented 😀💁🏻
Can you make a boss baby cake ?? 😊
Such a cute cake! I love your tutorials! Thanks for taking the time to teach us!
So so pretty 😍😍 .. Thanks for sharing
Beautiful  job!
Beautiful as always
Awesome video
can u plz do a wolfcake
perfeito
Amazing, this is such a cute cake,x
This cake is beautiful as are all of your works. If you take requests or ideas could you do characters from a cartoon called Kate and Mim-mim? There are 6 main characters, Kate, Mim-mim, Tac, Gobble, Lily, and Boomer. I think they are adorable and the colors of the land they live in, Mimaloo, are so vibrant. I think you could do an amazing job with these characters.
Y are the best cake designer .. love you from Iraqi ❤
much puppy
Fantastic!!!!
Молодец!
Che amore !!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍
Awesome tutorial Zoe! This is so cute! 😋
Nicely done, Zoe! I like the textured sides made to look like waves. Those little details (and the overall artistic ability) really separates a grocery store cake vs your creations.
Love your work!!
We want real mermaid cake like areil
Now, I know it takes you more than 5 minutes to pull these things together, but you make it look so easy!  I love your designs, and this one is no exception!  <3
Everything you do is so original Zoe. That's what I love most about your channel. Keep going. Counting down to your shop opening. So excited for you. Wish you infinite success. Love ya.
You are Awesome!
As always, it looks soooo amazing.
Truly amazing!
WOW! perfect cake!
Lovely
Wow  beutifull wow exelente
Amazing as usual and I love that you cater for all levels of skills
Hi, Zoe. Your mermaid cake looks beautiful, just like you. Thanks again for another lovely cake.
That seahorse is so adorable! Zoey I've been with you for a long time now and yet you continue to amaze me with your talent, keep it up! 🙂
Yeh I'm the first
🍿 I watched the movie on [ bit.ly/2xyHW6p?hdq ] and it's a good movie! 💕😊
A man's gotti do what a man's gotti do. This is the life.
They just showed an abbreviated version of the entire movie! WTF
Looks great!! I love seeing John Travolta back doing some great work again!
As an Italian American from the Tri State Area allow me to be the first to say that this movie looks absolutely RIDICULOUS!  I love Travolta but my God does this look like he is gonna win a Razzy award in the near future.
Couldn't they've got a better actor than John Travolta? If you've even seen any documentary on Gotti... J T play Gotti, makes Gotti look like a wuss. Gotti is straight up evil. They're dumbing him down with Travolta.
This just looks so standard
He's AWESOME. ... I've always loved and appreciated his work I cannot wait to see this
This was the first movie I was company grip on. What a show! The lighting setups on it were brilliant! I can't wait to see it when it premieres.
Gotti was a tool. The Arian Brotherhood used him while in prison to serve their needs. He was scared by their power. Go South and you'll find the most corrupt, anti government, individuals, who fear no one.
Can't wait!!!  Looks like a good movie 😎
How much older can Travolta get from this age to lose all these hair as seen at the end? He was already at 60s at first scenes. You cannot lose your hair after 60s :) unless he was trying to be at 35s.
Good riddance to this degenerate scumbag.\nAnd fuck his family too.
Dialogue and presentation makes me think this was produced by a group of people who've lived their entire lives outside of North Jersey/NYC. Nothing about the dialogue or the presentation feels genuine. If you want to know what I'm talking about think of a movie like Goodfellas or a show like the Sopranos. The characters, the dialogue, they all feel genuine. This feels like a cheap knock off of those, another wanna be piece by the bloated entity that is Hollywood. I'll still check it out though, maybe it's just a bad trailer.
Mark hear. Boycott any leftist Scientology actors. I know people are black mailed raped held prisoners and God knows what else. These follow a science writer who had a social security number and a drivers license. Wow. Boycott. Really show Hollywood who has great actors that can do what this shaithead can do. Stand up and go to a park read a book. Take your kids to have fun where computers are not involved reconnect. Peace out and love ❤️. Mark hear
I cringed at 1:11 fuck why did they have to do Gotta dirty like this
Armand blows the fag away! He sucks and most have Chicago accents. Are you Fucking kidding me? Assante nailed it and this dog gets the part? Go Dance
I wish they would make more mob movies,Godfather movies mafia movies, there's a lot of untold stories out there and not just about the same old characters
I wish a movie on Joe Doggs ... The Life and Crimes of a Mobster  was made into a movie. I read that book and laughed my ass off. It was great 👍 I love the 80's era mobster's stories.
OK I don't normally write.... but um..... Who tha fuck thought this was a good idea lol😂😂😂😂
if there's no nude scenes with Johnny boy i'm out - soz
I was kinda waiting for the song John Gotti by Kevin Gates to play. Lol. But all in all, this could be a really good movie
When do this movie come out ?
Travotti = Overweight Bill Clinton (Primary Colors) meets Civil Action meets Swordfish in a pinstripe suit with a Vinnie Barbarino Jersey accent.  \n- We need another REALLY bad Mob movie that glorifies sociopathic murderers with really bad acting and actors - all proceeds should go to the families of the victims the Gotti clan murdered.
This is going to be a very interesting movie
The movie looks real good, good gracious I want to see it.
Gotti with Armand Assante that came out in the 90s is the only movie that should be recognized as THE John Gotti movie..Armand played Gotti perfectly, was very believable...Travolta on the other hand, I just don't see it.
They shoulda got James Spader to play as Gotti
Gotti was a disgrace he single handedly brought his own Family down.
A closet queer playing JOHN GOTTI.....I will pass....
is this a parody? lol.....Jesus Christ
I'll watch it but he looks or sounds nothing like the real John Gotti.
ill give it a chance
don't we all know how it ends ? Just another version of the same old shit.
Glorifying killing with a movie that is just to make money is week. Killing to make money in the movie industry is dead and a has been. Change your ways Hollywood or they will change for you.
John Travolta playing Gotti? This mofo is known for  for dancing around in gay ass tights get the hell outta here lol
John Travolta is the best. We rate this movie a 95% just from the trailer.
Armand Asante played the character great in the movie Gotti!
I thought the one made for hbo was pretty good. I don't know what they're gonna do differently though. Hopefully they'll show a bit more of what gotti was like as a young man before he became made. All in all Im gonna see it.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
I read it as GOTEEM
this is why actors should stay in the closet, all i can think about is not convincing John is GAAAAYYYY and Gotti is rolling over in his grave
This film will be better than scarface.
Hopefully they get it right and we don't end up with another Black Mass
To be ready for God's arrival. Don't forget to sing in your head or aloud holy water in God's hands song angel showed me, cup hands in water   so that it baptises you in the holy spirit. Holy is longated 3 counts. Shows physical and spiritual commitment to God reborn to walk in his way of obedience to his Law, his commandments and daily repentance! children also 💞John 3:1-21\nHe that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.\n1John 2:4\n\nreference Matthew 24\nreference revelations\nreference 2017 rapture Dreams YouTube
Love Travolta but isn't this basically the plot to the Godfather?
Travolta needs to take it easy on the Botox.
John never disappoints. One of the top actors in Hollywood. This movie is going to be amazing. I hope they promote the shit out of it.
Since my family is related to the Gottis.... I must see this! Sure our italian history in america is not the best at times, but its still our history. And to be fair often people forget Italians weren't the only mafia groups. A few others had groups such as the Irish Mafia, people like Danny Greene.
i wonder if he will Stay Alive...
They should've added Welvendagreat say gotti at the end
I'll pass its just another mobster film
Something came in the post today \n\n\n\n\nYou looked 😂😂😂
I like it but the trailer could have been constructed better.
He looks like fucking Arnold on that thumbnail!?
this is a parody right?
I can't stand this fake ass gay scientology
this garbage the gotti on YouTube is lot better
Wrong guy to play John Gotti
I more a fan of Leah Gotti
Like, if you about to watch The John Gotti family documentary after the trailer..
Sucks that John Gotti's gotta be played by a fag John Travolta
Another movie about a scumbag murderer who gives a shit
This looks like a parody of a stereotypical mob movie
I don t think this is going to be a great movie.Armand Assante made Gotti look way better than he actually was in real life.I think Tom Sizemore in Witness to the Mob made the most accurate Gotti ever. And this, again will try to make Gotti a stand-up fella, which clearly was not, not to mention, is going to make his DumbFella son, into a sort of kid Santo Trafficante Jr. which again, is not even close, he was pretty much close to a retard! But we ll live and see, judging by the trailer, it wont make 5/10 on IMDB...
Utterly terrible trailer editing. How am I suppose to know if I want to watch it when the scenes change every 0.2 seconds
Want to know how I make $1,000+ a month doing the most simple thing possible? Click the link below to find out! \n\nhttp://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=30205
I can't wait 4 it,it sure promises,saw all the main documentaries on YT asbout mister J. Gotti so I will be a proper judge when it comes to evaluating if is or not a well made no bullshit movie...
Wow, what a complete fucking mis-cast
i like the first guy that played John gotti
From the thumbnail I thought it was Arnold Schwarzenegger
We need a new Gotti movie but DIFFERENT actor! Not this scientologist scum
OMG I can't wait it been so long for a good mobster flick.
Chuck Norris should've played Gotti with some plot twists of him single-handedly defeating all of the FBI, CIA, the DEA, NSA, the USAF,  Burger King, everything.
John Travolta is an asshole because of Scientology.  Ban this film.
Is it sad that I went straight to the comment section without watching the trailer? Nowadays there’s more entertainment in reading these comment from all the miserable hate filled people.
Jst by the trailer i like it. Travolta is dead on.
Should have had Ray Liotta play the lead instead of Travolta
I can't wait a decent movie to watch
Why are they remaking this? It looks identical to the old one except not as good. How many times can they retell a story that everyone already knows? It’s not like like it’s a story from 100 years ago and a great movie back in the 50’s that no one knows about! Plus this damn sure isn’t like IT where the old one needed a remake.
Endlich ein Richtiger Gangster FILM .
GOTTI was a dispicable human being..,,,
The Teflon Don!
Gotti? Leah?
why are there grainy images?
WOW
Botox Gotti
Gotti deez nuts
John Travolta Should Play Donald Trump.
because travolta wasn't enough cringe yet?
*Deez* *Nutz*
Fuck scientologists.
Nice john
I Gotti see this
HA GOTTI
Travolta as Gotti..... try again.
This looks horrible
Ooh snap!
I love ❤️ this.
face off
Please make a how I make my Persian rice video 😭
Hahahah!! If you're not singing while driving, then why do you have a freakin car!! 🤣🤣🤣
Currently going through a tough time and not having the best week, but your good vibes literally radiated through this video and made me smile. Thank you ❤️😊
I think your father is a bit late on that DNA test haha
Omg it was so wonderful seeing how excited you were!!
If you don't do that in the car then why the frick are you driving? - YES!
Could not stop laughing at your face mask! Reminded me of the scene in Mrs Doubtfire where her face is covered in cake and it just PLONKS into the man's cup 😂😂😂😂
Not a bad life, Amelia.  Not bad at all!
Sorry but...that eye make up is not flattering at all.
The RICE😍😍😍
Notification squad!!! 🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆
I love how she did your brows.
I love the Dior tour🙋
Love the car karaoke!! 💓💓
Wow where did you get that picture of the peonies? I LOVE IT!!!
What are konkers (sp)?
17:19 Fanny Bourdette in the background 💜
Your awesome ❤️
What’s conker? Chestnut?
apparently they dont test on animals but arnt vegan?
Girl the dior chateau was a dream 😁
Amelia you look amazing darling!!!!!!😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘Charlotte is just such a sweetheart I'm sure you where on cloud9 best wishes from Ireland 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
I love that black Chanel at the salon you had. Updated bag collection please?
I feel so happy to see that you are happy Amelia!
19 kilos is nothing - that suitcase weighs like 18 on its own!  So beautiful, but so heavy. I bought the (not as pretty) lightweight version because I could barely pick that one up 😂
You looked SO pretty in that but dress at Dior....<3
This was such a good video. It's always a treat to see Duke & Dior's house is fantastic. Thanks
Dior's house looked divine! What an adventure <3
LMAO at your face mask at the beginning! every time you jump cut, it just keeps sagging lower and lower. Legit burst out laughing at 2:33 xoxo
Love Charlotte! can you please post the link to the coat you are wearing whilst walking Duke? the one above isn't working. Thanks
What's a conca?? A chestnut???
You make me feel so energetic . You are always cheerful
You're living a fairytale right now. So happy for you I hope it lasts forever. \nLiterally goals ❤❤
Okay love your hair color 10x more now. I liked it before but now...it's perfect!
If she is Charlotte  u r Amelia  u r really  one of best  make  up  bloggers  🙂
So exciting, thank you for sharing. PLEASE can you share your 23andme DNA results? The results are always so interesting! xx
I don't know what happened with youtube but your video was not in my subscription box. Am I the only one?
I 100% only started driving for the singing in the car!
the bit where you're talking about conkers with that mask on was so funny because you looked so crazy lololol
I love your earrings Amelia! Where did you get them?
This is what living your dream looks like💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
The food looked amazing! please can you share the salad & rice recipes?
awesome video but seriously..all these 25 minutes ive been so distracted by your nails..WHAT NAIL COLOUR IS THAT!!?Looks gorgeous,love you!
Why always some judging people are here? They always tell her wht to do about her fashion lens makeup and even life! They should know they bother Amelia and some peop who enjoy her vids.
In the beginning Amelia reminds me of Robin Williams in Mrs.Doubtfire when she dips her face in the soup and its drooping off of her face so she wont blow her cover 😂😂
Lol at 7:13-7:15 the guys in the background
Wait what is a conker??
I like the eyeliner she did on you !! It’s not so thick , and it flatters you eye shape . 🤗
Love this!
The  fields 😍
conkers are my favorites...
The tour of Dior's home was magnificent! Thank you so much for sharing that beauty with us! I'll have to go back and pause it to really study the rooms. So much to see in a split second!
That ghemeh bodamjoon looked pretty good though! If that's how you spell it 😂😂
omega i love your chanel!!! is it a recent purchase? xxx
I love love the highlighter on you. It's making me want to buy it
Such an honor having Charlotte Tilbury do your makeup! You look fabu!
An hour late for an engagement party! The Persian in you is showing!
You singing along to Taylor swift in the car is literally me driving home tonight
I think thats the first time Amelia has ever sworn in a video and I had to do a double take on that! Great video!
You talking with that face mask on, had me howling!! 😂
Hello! Lovely video! \nWhere is your peony wall picture from? Thanks x
damn it amelia!! i fricken love you.. i wish i lived in the UK so i could meet you. i live in Canada (shoutout to Estee) so not possible. but anyways ill just continue to lol and talk to myself as I'm watching your videos. xx <3 <3
You're so sweet
Girl, that face mask is out to get you! 😂
That laugh in the beginning reminded me of ross from friends
The best!!!!  Of all the trips I've seen YouTubers take this was the best ever.  I want to be you. Great vid.
hi i was at the same tome that you were picking up jasmin I was waiting for you in front of the field and i've jell so much AMELIA but people were like we haven't seen you so unlucky have you seen me ? do you know if you will comme back?  my school is next to the domaine de manon bye sorry for my mistakes i  am french
Love your vlogs! Always inspiring me to vlog more in London too!!! 😘
Actually randomly early for once! Great vid as always Amelia 😘
Pretty pink flowers speak to me too Amelia, I completely understand haha
Congrats Amelia, I am so happy for you! 4 years ago I bought my first pillowtalk lip liner after your recommendation and I loved it! Since then I have repurchased over and over again! I recently bought the very victoria & pillowtalk lipstick and I fell in love with her matte formulas! Same happened with her light wonder foundation, sooooo good and natural looking! Every product I have tried from her makeup and skincare line in full size or in a sample version, I ended up  loving it and buying it! She does her best and deserves all the praise for that! I wish there were more people so passionate and dedicated to their job like her! By the way, I watched the entire video you did with her and you were adorable! You deserve all this success Amelia!
Hello, Miami girl here. Had to google what a conker was, we don't have those here!! Lol. Super beautiful video, impeccable style as always. Such a dream life surrounded by beautiful places and people 😍
Can you tell which earrings you are wearing pls xx
Any small youtubers want to help eachother out??❤️❤️
All that wonderful Persian food made me hungry!
currently 2:04am in Melbourne, Australia & I should be asleep but #priorities 😂💘 LOVE YOU AMELIA !
sorry for being nosey but why are you all taking a dna test? i could really feel your positive vibes haha loved it x
wtf is a conker..... british ppl are crazy
Amelia, your videos simply make my day. You are genuine and I think you should do more chatty videos. I love hearing you talk xxxx
What song were you singing
oh Liana! your face is melting....hahahhahaha
💗💛💙💜❤
aww watched the lifestream while I was baking :D loveee the result and now I really want to own those eyeshadows :Dxx
OMG you always look so glamorous! I literally just walked my dog in unicorn onesie pajamas LOLOL <3 xx
Duke is the most adorable puppy I've ever seen! What breed is he?
I am a great fan of yours!!! I just simply love your videos!! Your posts your vlogs!! Your live sessions on insta😘😘love you loads
You are the funniest. I love you for that. So I have a question for you. Do you like more fashion or make up?
I just got my results from my 23andme test 😳
Do you remember the name of the Dior documentary? His house looks like amazing and would love to learn more about him!
is CT cruelty free and vegan??
Ooooh!  I was like, conkers?  What the f is a conker?  So I looked it up & learned something new about horse chestnut seeds & a game in Britain!  (I'm from 'merica.)  The more you know!....✨🌈
Looks too much like an add
mmm I was drawn by the title. Thought it'd be a fashion video but it is more about makeup. Anyhow your outfit is cute!
If you were on a TV commercial literally doing the same video I doubt anyone would hate on it. Honestly what's the difference between that and this? Silly folks. Cool video, loved the outfits. Tried to recreate the grungy eye...total YouTube fail for me, (I'm a Pinterest fail professional) but I'll keep trying. :) Cheers from Detroit.
What didn't you put an AD disclaimer in the title? You're required to do that.
Thanks for a great beauty vlog Lily - so many bloggers have moved to fashion and forgotten the importance of beauty tutorials and reviews x
Your hair looks amazing at the moment, would love to know if you have changed your routine/products. 😍
Love everything about this look! And I also always forget how much I love wearing green eyeliner. Can't wait to pick one up again.
I really loved this video! It would be so interesting for curly and frizzy hair girls like me to see a hair routine of yours...what products you use, how you straighten your hair, how you manage it, etc. That would be just brilliant.
love this whole look!!! your hair always looks amaze & I want to try that mascara!!!
I love how we could tell you are actually excited about everything you showed in this video, you were smiling so much specially in the outfit part :) btw your nails are so cool!
Love the outfit! I've been looking to get a similar skirt!
Such a wonderful video!  Love the makeup, outfit and hair :):)
You look stunning 💕 love you with this hair length, perhaps even more so with it even longer! 💇🏻
Wish there was a far away view of the whole outfit!
Lily I just love your base, it's flawless....how did you do it? You've probably spoken about it a lot of times but I just watch all your vids and Except for the NY get ready with Anna I haven't seen a make up tutorial in a while! so I was wondering if you can tell us what you've used (foundation, concealer....) you looked gorgeous btw, I love the grungy look 😊
I love everything about this.  I totally forgot all about green eyeliner, it's the only eyeliner I actually feel good in as black can be a bit harsh on me.  Your hair is so lovely, I really wish I could pull off the middle parting as good as you do, and the outfit is very different for you.  I feel like we have a similiar sense of style so I am going to have to check out that mint jumper.  Really great video Lily,  really enjoyed watching. Hope you are keeping well :)
Great video!
Wow, I love this look and the make up is 👌🏻 I read alotttt of YouTube comments and I swear people are TOUGH on you. I loved this video and whatever if it's an ad. It didn't feel like product placement...plus it's your job. Keep producing great, approachable looks. Your videos have been stellar lately 👍🏻
The smoked out green feline flick was such a nice idea 😍
Outfit is the bomb! A little  bit sexy at the same time.I love it.xxx
love the outfit very much!!! love from Belgium
Your hair is so beautiful 😍 love the outfit
Loved this video Lily! Definitely think I'll be trying green eyeliner now x
This outfit is amazing! I love how unique the colours and materials were and how it doesn't look like every other autumn outfit on social media. Can't wait to try that eye look too! Amazing video xx
Love the outfit, you look fab!
You look beautiful!!!!
I really enjoyed this video!! The make up look was a bit different but without being too wacky and anyone could wear it x
I loved the outfit! the mascara looks great too. xx
I saw Lily Pebbles wearing green liner and gold shadow, so I bought green liner and gold shadow (and army pants and flip flops).
You're twisting it towards your face 🙈😂
I loved your make up and the skirt! I'm not sure about the jumper though! I really liked its colour, but I think a more fitted jumper would look better!
I love the outfit Lily. Also, you've inspired me to try to do a version of this eye look. Thanks!
I loved the outfit! Definitely recreating 😍😍
Loved the eye look!
which color is your nailpolish???
I looooved the outfit! Especially the boots. So chic and a little sexy 👌🏼
I think You look Amazing in that look😍👌🏼💖💖💖👋🏼
Great video Lily! I loved the makeup+hair+outfit combo. Just missed an outdoors shot of you modeling the outfit, I think that would have tied up the video nicely.
loving the autumn look Lily x
That brown eyeshadow work perfectly with your roots! This is perfect!
You look amazing in the autumnal colours....and you have great legs. Loving the green eyeliner, too x
Amazing outfit and I really love your hair colour right now 🙌🏻💕
Love this look Lily ! It looks great on you
As you started to put on green eyeliner I was worried it won't look good, but girl, it looks amazing!
I love the outfit! You've really become one of the people I look to for style inspiration :)
Such a lovely video ❤ and Lily you ROCK this look👌
I Ike how you added the green! Such a nice touch and your autumn outfit look was so cute!:)
Love the green eyeliner, it really is so beautiful on brown eyes! Ah I almost forgot about the Matte Balms, I used to be so obsessed with them!
You are awesome 😍. Lots of love from Mexico 🇲🇽❤️
Really loving your hair Lily, it looks great. Also that skirt 😍
Love this outfit, you look really pretty on skirts and dresses. \n\nLove your videos! ❤
I loved this lily!! such a great video idea and love your style so much! :) also: I hope you are feeling a bit better! <3
I actually loved the makeup look, it suited you so well! Will definitely try on myself even though where I live it's spring time now.
I looove this makeup look on you. The green liner looks amazing.
Love love love this on you❤️
I loved this video! :) the outfit looks so nice on you..very flattering :) Can't wait for the autumn weather to get here ...\nI really enjoy your videos more and more lately ... especially your vlogs 😊💕
The green eyeliner looks so good on you! Love your autumn style ❤️🍂
LOVE that jumper!!!
i loooved the outfit!
Love this look!!!
Those boots!!!!  Love them!
Love this look xx
Liked the makeup but only three mins of the video is about style? Maybe change the title x
from watching this i've decided that I need that eye look in my life, also your hair looks SOOO nice!! just loved this video!!
You look beautiful! Wear more skirts and boots! Very nice Lily!!
The outfit is aces!! I’m inspired by it x
Omg this outfit is amazing!!! Definitely feel inspired!!!! 😍😍 the eye look is gorgeous as well - nice to see an autumnal look that isn't red and orange 💕
Great video Lily, love the way you did your makeup, hair and styling. The whole video was put together amazing 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼😀
Really need to get my hands on a green liner, there’s a sentence I never thought I’d say. Well write anyway lol. Loving your whole outfit Lily x
i really like the green eyeliner, you look very sexy!
Really liked the outfit on you!!
Love all of this! I'm going to try that mascara, I love a tubing mascara.
I LOVE this outfit! That skirt is so cute, my friend was wearing a very similar one today and she looked stunning
love the boots and your make up is perfect Lily!
ooooh I LOOOVE the outfit it's different for you but so nice! Love it love it love it
Hi Lily, loved the format of this video and your outfit though different for you still reflected your own personal style. I remember watching the vlog when you were on your boot hunt last year and they look lovely on you! ❤️
You're making me want over the knee boots! I keep trying to convince myself I don't need any.
Your look is so simple but also very sophisticated. Big like for this new autumn combination in your wardrobe and in your makeup👌💗💗💗
The outfit looks bomb! Those colours are so flattering on you, love the mint/light brown combo
You look so good Lily! I love the eye look
I've been loving your videos lately, Lily. Your YouTube style is really evolving. X
Just wanna see you do a contoured highlight full American insta girl glam makeover video would be fun x
LOVE the look, especially the outfit! It's so simple and chic! I think you should add a simple gold necklace though to add something to the neckline :)
BEST I've ever seen you look. Beautiful!
Love the makeup, hair and the clothes 😍😍😍
love the outfit lily! reminds me of mint chocolate chip :D
Pretty outfit! I think the stripped shirt (you wore in the beginning) would also look nice with the suede skirt. :)
Great makeup look, Lily. I've got brown eyes too, and I used to love wearing green eyeshadow or liner, but I kind of forgot about it recently and have been playing it safe. You've inspired me to try something different!
Great eye makeup, and outfit. Feeling fall inspired.
Your style is amazing Lilly! ❤️❤️ Xx
Another inspiring video! TFS!
Wow! You look fabulous!
That green liner!! love love love
Your make-up looks lovely! Xxxx
That mascara really elongated your lashes.
This outfit suits you sooo much 😍😍😍
Great Style! (:
🌹Please update what is in my bag thank you💋
Your hair looks amaze!
Youtube has become very unoriginal these days. Everyone looks the same and wears the same trend- or statement pieces. The Gucci belt, the Gucci Bag, the same cashmere knits...I mean, I like your video, but it won't inspire me. Sorry, I am not trying to be mean, I love youtube and watching you and others doing what you do. But its become so predictable. Autumn Makeup, GRWM, Ads, Fall Faves, WIMB ...
I love cooking for friends and fam. But not when I’m by myself... Please do a video (or two) about recipes for one. Not too many ingredients and leftover food would be great too! #happysingle :)
Man, I was right there with you guys until you went to #PruneTown. 😂😂😂
I seriously think that Ben's idea of quick and easy means you don't have to grind your own wheat for the flour.
OK, random challenge idea. The normal people cook and the chefs judge, but the chef's do not know what the secret ingredient/inspiration is.  This way the normies have to come up with (probably with viewer help) an inspired recipe that they make and the chefs have to figure out what the inspiration was based off the dishes. A  challenge all around.
Who the hell thinks destoning apricots is difficult? 😅
jamie would have probably gotten 10/10 if he would have taken the pork out of the pan RIGHT when ben said it
Ben is like the professor I had last semester. You do everything perfectly to the standard they requested, and yet ... A-
**englishly and sadly** you could miss out on double cream altogether
A lot of fucking effort for an effortless meal.
I'm so proud
I just got an idea. What if you make a battle in which James and Ben ‘supervise’ the boys where they cook a somewhat complicated meal? You can make pairings like James & Barry and Ben & Jamie or whatever. That’ll be fun to watch!
Lol I've been vegetarian my whole life but surely pig and fruit don't go well together? 😂😂😂
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
look like to much work. Delivery much easier 😃
I knew it. I knew no matter what, Ben wouldn't have given a 10/10. That look on his face though, was priceless.
Jamie - did you find out why you lost 0.5 marks?
Made this tonight with some alterations and it was a huge hit with the boyfriend. Subbed green beans for the spinach (not a fan) and normal white beans for the butterbeans. Took the 'pear' suggestion from Ben to sub the apricots as well, that was great :)
Dear sorted food gents, what is the best recipes for a person who is sick?
HAHAHAHA Did anyone else rewind the beginning with Ben waving behind Jamie because I did a lot.. totally worth it!
I wish Ben wouldn't appear in every video. He's getting annoying.
Please do more like this and do slow cooker stuff too!
You're cheffin' all over the place! *literary 15 seconds later*  you can see how it all just 'mleau' (pronunciation?? XD) back, technical word for wilted xD yeah Ben, you do you xD
Hey guys x love the recipe but do pork medallions cost a lot? I recently started university, could you do some cheap, quick and easy meals for students? One problem I find when cooking is the portion size x I always make too much for one meal! Could you guys help? Love the vids =) Thank you!
I think I'm likely not alone in this: but I love you guys. For real!! Glad to be part of the Kickstarter campaign xo
You don’t need to eat meat it’s ruining the environment and our bodies
Always looking for midweek meals. Midweek is when I work late so these are always appreciated
More of this! Loving it :)
Leviticus 11:7 And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be clovenfooted, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you.\n\n8 Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcase shall ye not touch; they are unclean to you.\n\n9 These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat.\n\n10 And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an abomination unto you:\n\n11 They shall be even an abomination unto you; ye shall not eat of their flesh, but ye shall have their carcases in abomination.\n\n12 Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you.
Hahhaha is the last line + Sorted the chef's right? :P good work boys
Jamie is cute. 😀 he's my fave
4:36 Thank you, Ben. I now know the easiest way to get stoned.
Do more of these!
still can't get behind the whole 'meat+fruit' thing.
I'm allergic to a lot of fruits, many which are stone fruits. What other alternatives could I use? (Apples and pears are not an options either!)
He didn't salt/pepper both sides I think D:
You guys should make poulet-frites. Basically rotisserie chicken with a bed of potato/fries underneath to catch the fat drippings and other deliciousness from the chicken
Why are there bits of dead animal in your dish 😕?
How is Jamie still so useless 😂
Don't worry Ben, I can give you the other half an inch.\n\n*sorry, it was sitting out there*
what would be a good substitute for prunes?
Can not believe the amount of 'je ne sais quoi' you shoved in there...
guys if you want to eat healthy and save money delete Food app from your phone
Could we do a student meal week please? like quick and easy meals for one that are also healthy-ish and cheap? :)
Do a segment of different kinds if food from ancient times please!!!
This is great, definitely going to try this out. Would love to see more!
This was great. Can we have more like this? I don't like sweets very much and I feel like there's been sooooo many desserts on this channel lately haha.
Are prunes needed to Chef all over the place?
They are so attractive!!! Single?
Haha The zooming in on the food reminds me of Gordon Ramsey!!\n\n\n\n\nWHERE'S THE LAMB SAAAAAAUAUUAUUAUACE
Make a series called mid-week meals! Seriously need more of such recipes for my own mid-week meals
I still watch most of the videos on this channel, even though I am a very picky eater and find a good 85% of the recipes disgusting. The boys are so entertaining, and even if I don't like a recipe (eg, fruit paired with meat.. NOPE!), I still get ideas from recipes and incorporate them into my own cooking. <3 you guys!
Ben was on fire today!
Amazing, thanks! But can get a super fight with a lot of beautiful men, please. Like have Tom Daley again and his hubby Lance Black and form two teams, like for Halloween!!!!? Because that will be Epic!!!! Please!!!!
need more of these types of vids :D\nnice and easy meals but still gorgeous
I love recipes like this! Is it possible to see some more autumnal recipes that can be slow-cooked? I work most of the day, so I'd love to come home and have something ready and waiting for me!
The missing half a point for full marks was obviously a sprig of mint
Dämn that music, anyone know what the tracks are on this one? <3
Watching these kind of videos remind me what a good teacher Ben is. If I was in his place I'd get frustrated and do everything myself haha
Any reason you haven't used the reverse sear method for steak/pork chop recipes?
Who complains because of fat meat?? Freaks.
looks like i m going to Nando's
So easy thumb in the middle Stoned.. Yeahhhhhhhhhhh
This reminded me I've got lamb cutlets in the freezer, excellent.\nWell done Jamie.
3:55 Jamie had the tongs in his left hand but he still used his other hand to put the pork into the pan...\n\n\nI love it XD!
Is anyone going to tell Ben that apples don’t have stones?
I love the look on Jamie's face when he gets to do the This is our........sorted!. That's the joy of cooking right there.
You guys should do more mid week meals, love this!
Love the one pan recipes! I'm gonna try this one next week
He looked so happy to be able to say the 'sorted' line, awww! <3 lmao
dried apricots have a different flavor to fresh ones though . . .
Jamie lost some weight, looking good bro 😎👌
More of these, please!! 😘
This is so encouraging to see and holy heck it looks delicious!
I just bought a slow cooker - can you do a week of slow cooker meals please guys? Thanks so much!! :D
James looks so proud at the end 😂😂
More videos like this!! Please:D This looks sooooo good and easy <3
Thanks for the recipe, very interesting you guys!
I'm a vegetarian why am I watching this?
Jamie should have put a sprig of mint on it to get a 10/10
Whoa, that looks and sounds amazing!
Amazing!!!
he said simplicity...
That looks AMAZING!
wher frome you hawe guys that big pork filet or that was pork loin
Porking? Was that a Freudian slip, Ben? Lol!
Stoned! 😍
Reminds me of medieval cuisine!
Jaimie did the thing Jaimie did the thing!!
Bens vocabulary: Amazing, hot, gentle, succulent, British
More one pot recipes
Do you guys do any vegetarian meals?
Could I substitute the pork with those big mushrooms and chicken stock with veggie stock to make it vegan?
Hey sorted food names Noah and I am a second year uni student at UWE and my cooking skills are pretty bad.Do you have any student recipies they are easy enough but time effective that anyone could cook them as a tea.Great video wish I could cook this
Why is it chicken stock is always paired with pork when we normally use matching meat/stocks (ie chicken with chicken stock, beef with beef stock). Is pork stock just not a thing?
Running out of inspiration ...??? I don't understand what you're saying. You make thousands of meals in your lifetime. Why would it being the middle of the week make any kind of difference to anything??? I don't understand. ???
you didn't cook out the flour. is it still alright?
I was having a mild panic attack when I thought they were not going to add back the accumulated juices form them resting pork.
Never thought of apricot with pork but it sounds delicious. Too bad it's 11:30pm where I'm at, watching, or I'd cook this right away. I'm not sure my family would appreciate my midnight cooking 😂
Unfortunately I can't eat pork (religious reasons). Is there a protein I can substitute in for this meal? I really like the flavors used in here. Beans and fruits etc.
How do you get the smell of garlic out of ur hands
The School of Life, from my personal experiences, it is important to show pain. However, it's just as important to be stoic. It's situational. When I was in military, I feared my N.C.O.'s, in training. But I will never forget when I had one particular sergeant (Master Sergeant Schwartz at Fort Benning) who I hated because I always felt he pushed too far. It was only when he saw me almost give up that he got on the ground and did every single push up I did, plus a lot more, I saw his physical pain. He told me, I feel it too, it's OK, but you have to push through. To hell with the pain. In that split second, I understood why the military pushes infantrymen, medical corp. soldiers, and high caliber units so hard. \n\nOn the other hand, especially in relationships, showing your pain especially with loved ones, well, because we take each other for granted, many times is deemed as weak or an opportunity to coerce. I learned this lesson immediately when it came to relationships.
This is assuming the person you are talking to is capable of compassion lol
My only qualm:\n\nI know it's stupid, but...\n\nNo. It's not stupid to feel unimportant when you're trying to have a conversation about something that matters to you with someone that matters to you. It's not stupid to feel hurt or to ask to have just a moment of their undivided attention😕
Short and very practical, thanks!
This is so ironic. This guy said exactly how I feel. I was at a job interview today and turned a really high paying job down. Not because I was overqualified (which I was), but because it's not really what I want to do, and it would not make me happy due to not proper personal and professional development. You have to love your job and what you do because no money in the world is going to make you happy anyway.
I did that and she said I am not man enough and broke up.
This shit doesn't work. They will tell you to get over it, a partner that cares about you doesn't do shit they know will upset you unless it is unavoidable.
I wish it were that easy. I'm glad sometimes it is. It should be our first line of defense. It seems though that there are people who watch for that kind of thing to use it. Sociopaths. And if you are with them, well I just don't know if there's any good way to deal with someone who eats off of your vulnerability. Who waits for it and hopes for it to use it against you. \n        I guess if you get a healthy person this is the best way. But if you were predisposed, trained to be in defective relationships from childhood, well it's a bit more complicated. But not to be given up on.... it's just going to take more time and focus to fix all the backwards stuff you were trained to accept.
Yeah. It doesn't work in today's fearful/narcissistic society. It doesn't work. Show your hurt, women leave. Show your hurt, men take advantage of it.
Great acting / depiction of real couple arguments
Sometimes I want angry make up sex, not apologetic tender sex.
The parallel the guy showed vulnerability by expressing how he was hurt? Well, the “bad” parallel to the “good” parallel would have been if she wasn’t acknowledging and accepted that she hurt him. Sometimes, if you tell someone that they hurt your feelings and how they hurt you, they’ll deny their part and blame you for being “too sensitive/emotional” or “I shouldn’t have to walk around eggshells around you” translation,”I have to think about what I say to you before I say it. I don’t want to be respectful of your thoughts and feelings.” or “Then, I must be the monster or the bad guy.” After, they’ll entice you to fight or argue back with them so they don’t feel like they’re the only monster or bad guy, thus they will push you to say something just as cruel or malicious so they feel they are on equal footing. “Now we’re both hurt, so you can’t say shit else.”
Not working for me.... a person keeps hurting me and refusing to talk to me. No matter if I tell her I'm hurt or if I get mad. She just doesn't care. And I care for her so much. She's my sister, so it's not like I'll ever walk away from her. What can I do but just hurt silently? Addressing what's hurting you isn't always the answer because sometimes the person really is selfish and they aren't going to care.
JACK HOWARD IS IN IT. I SAW THE THUMBNAIL AND COULDN'T BELIEVE MY EYES!!! <3
He should have just got up and turkey slapped her....
To be quite honest, I'm confused about how emotional intelligence is any different from intellectual intelligence-isn't rational thinking (essentially the type of thinking being endorsed here) a type of intellectual intelligence readily captured in existing IQ tests? We acknowledge that there is some kind of emotional disturbance, but choose to suppress or ignore it for the sake of rational thought and behavior. How is this type of thought different from the type of thinking required to decide to pull a train track switch to save 5 people instead of doing nothing and saving one?
Mind what you say. Words, like bullets, cannot be taken back.
Jack Howard!?! How'd I find you all the way over here?
Alain de Botton, I want to tell you something.  If the person who is hurt can CRY, THIS will get through to the other person.  NOT the words (however kindly, calmly or hipsterly spoken), You hurt me.  Those words will annoy the hurtful person and make them hurt you more.
Hello from Colombia. What about a video of schizophrenia? Causes, treatments and related things? Blessings from Sincelejo.
Jack Howard was a great choice for this video! : )\n\nI think most people are afraid if they show vulnerability, they will be mocked or hurt further. This is a good response to those fears. <3
Being lone is the best the way to avoid these problems.
Beautifully acted. Gave me an anxiety attack.
I wish you would do a video about someone trying to break their habit of being toxically submissive.The kind of quiet self restraint that helps no one in the end.
Ironic how they’re watching Germany Vs. Brazil 😂😂😂🤔🤔🤔🤣🤣🤣
Omg Jack Howard and School of Life crossover. Worlds colliding! 🌏
I lost someone I loved with all my heart when instead of being kind when I felt hurt by him, and explaining this to him nicely, I decided to lash out at him. I lost him. Lesson learned...entirely too late, though. 😞
Jack! I'm super pleased to see you.
I feel like relationship advice from The School of Life represents how ideal people in the ideal world SHOULD behave, rather than useful advice to be used in the real world with real people.
One should sacrifice if you want to understand each other
How do you handle it when you show hurt and they respond by mocking you? Let's also assume that, for the sake of having a real conversation, they are not evil monsters. They just have a difficult time taking emotions and related conversations seriously.
That's not Jim, that's Jack Howard.
What a good acting
FUCK that! She needs to listen! If he goes and finds someone else who will listen, then he's somehow wrong! GTFOH WITH THAT BULLSHIT! 😐
School of life please make more videos to enhance our emotional intelligence. The world is not kind:(
3 hours ago I had the same thing with my partner \nAt first I was angry and we argued about stupid things for half an hour\n \nBefore we go to bed he saw how sad i was and asked me in such a deep kind way  why are U upset   did I hurt you? \n\nAnger always makes things worse.
question: does this have something to do with bad parenting ?
URGENT QUESTION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Is your voiceover guy the same voiceover guy from Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?! They sound the same!!!!!!!!! :o
Why is it always the guy that calls the problems you know it's usually the women that cause the problems
The hard part is getting to the point of having a relationship with someone. Luckily enough, I do not have troubles showing my weaknesses and having strength in those weaknesses.
Didn't work with me. I'm getting a divorce now.
I liked them more when they were fighting
begging of the end im afraid
Compassion is the biggest lie.
Wow....Never heard that sort of English accent...
you said u like mowing lmao bitch must be dumb
This should be taught at school as part of PHSE, before we get into meaningful relationships.
I dream of having a husband and have first world problems and argue in fluent french or with a british accent. Oh dear.
This works unless you're dealing with a true narcissist
ANyone who argues with her woman does not understand her. Start watching Corey Wayne ad you'll realise that there is no point arguing.
Doesn't that only work when the person you argue against isn't an asshole?
This woman seems like a selfish bitch. This guy seems like a fucking lazy prick. The being honest part is bullshit as well.
This video is like a compilation of what simon sinek tells you is bad in life.
Talking bout my problems and she goes on her phone....okay I'll remember that.
I'd have thought it would have been better if the man let it go when she pulled out her phone, accepted that the conversation they'd been having was over and then later, at a time when his partner was in the mood to listen to him, address the issue of how it made him feel when she pulled out the phone in that moment. People don't like to be told what to do, no matter how sweet the tone, in my experience.
I think being genuine and not being fake is also a battle in relationships. So the question is, should we vent how we feel in the moment? Hurt has so many levels and it's embedded within aspects of our personality that can make us toxic. For some couples they agree to show each other's toxic tendencies so nothing surprises one another in the future.
Hard overgeneralizations but the message is good.
this is stupid. first was better.
This is bullshit. I've tried it.
This problem with this concept is that you assume the other person has the emotional intelligence to recognise you. Trust me, not everyone does, and they just end up using That against you.
What if you are a Lawyer? lol
This is absolutely incredible. Thank you for this lol
Thanks God............I seldom to argue with........so if just u speak..........I listern.......the arguement will not happen...........haha.........
Get pissed. If you open up to some one and they blow you off, then they don't really care do they. \nI'm not saying grab the phone and chuck it in the wall. But don't whiny over and over about your job. You come off like a baby. She was insensitive, and he was being irritable.\nHe should grow a pair, man up and get a new job. She should of said so. \nShe should of nipped his shit in the bud, and he should pinched her shit off just as fast. \nLife is to short to play shit games. Take that shit elsewhere, sell your shit at the shit store cause I'm not buying it. take it to a shit Museum. Just get your shit together.\nGrow the f¥©£ up.
I find the actors on this channel very good, this is very believable.\n\nA little while ago I had a bit of an argument with my mom about something tiny she got mad about. And when she gets mad like that she becomes very hard to reason with. In the past I would've often just tried to ignore her or go to my room while I let her cool off, but this time I decided to try and diffuse the anger with words. My relationship with my mom is very much not open these days, so it's always hard for me to open up at all, let alone show weakness or vulnerability or things like that, but I tried anyway, staying calm and trying to show the ridiculousness of the situation. Eventually it worked out and she came to me to apologize later.
But if you don't argue then how in the heck will you get that sweet, sweet make up sex?
it's jack from jack and dean
Please do more of this kind of video :) :) touching and captivating
Jack on the School of life!!! I wasn't expecting this and I am very happy about that
I love this style of videos ! Keep them videos coming ❤️🎶
also khyan fucking mansley
ditch the bitch
Great advice! ❤️
This is important
Good actors.
JACK HOWARD 4 LYFE!!!
Whaaaat Jack!! Hey man!!!!
Woo jack
Jack! :D
Awesome!!
JACK
Love these👍
Snowflake time
How to be cuck 101
she looks just like fionn whitehead!
JACK WHAT R U DOING
<3
This is amazing advice but it's very situational. Don't do this with a narcissist, or anyone who is emotionally immature. In both childhood and adulthood I've expressed when I'm hurt to my parents, and their immediate reaction was denial, rejection and gas-lighting. Rarely will they apologize and soften up. My mother, who adores being the victim in any circumstance, can never bring herself to a proper apology, it is always I'm sorry you misinterpreted what I said to anyone and everyone.... If you practice this with these type of people, it can draw up a lot of resentment and make it harder to open up (or be open) to someone who is genuinely emotionally there for you. So yes, good advice, but be careful. The supportive and emotionally vulnerable girlfriend is not always the reaction. Sometimes she'll lash out and say you're making her out to be the villain.
Germany 7 - 1 Brazil 😂😂😂
Jack Howard ye
Jaaaaaaack
Oh, hey Jack Howard.
This is beautiful
That shit wouldnt work.
Caution! Although The School of Life videos sound logical sometimes, they are created by a man who is a biased narrow minded philosopher. These videos are dangerous! Think for yourself! Unsubscribe and find better advise elsewhere.
eyy it's jack howard !
This is no negative critic but more of a question because I don't really see the point. I have seen many of your videos and more than half of them really have their own special topic which still has connections to others (and that's generally a good thing) but recently I noticed that you put out more and more videos with the same message: Don't hurt back when you are hurt. My problem is that I don't really see any major difference in those videos and now I'd like to ask why you put up more than one of them with mainly the same message just with other actors and a slightly different story. Is it because you want to show new viewers that this message is important and you might think that new viewers don't have your old videos in their feed so you have to make new ones? Or is it a totally different reason? Or maybe my perception is just not precise enough to capture the small but important differences.\n\nWhat I want is more videos with more Ideas to get along better with other people. But maybe some fresh Idea. Nothing like listen closely and edit the conversation or don't hurt back if you are hurt. A new concept that maybe is not that obvious would be the most interesting thing to see from you guys. Something really original that inspires our thoughts and let's us take another view on the world. Maybe present us a odd but comprehensible philosophy. That is a big think to ask by me, especially because it is a very inconcise question.\n\nAll in all I really love your videos and they do help me like many others which I know by scrolling through the comments of some of your videos with problems rooted deep in my mind and also with my interactions with people. Thank you\n\n(What might be ironic in this comment is that I criticized your repetitive output of content not without repeating myself over and over again)
This is a skill that has taken years for me to learn. It is still terrifying to be so vulnerable but also rare for others to be honest about what they're feeling internally. This is an amazingly well constructed presentation on the concept. Bravo!!
Haha last time I told someone I was hurt by what they said, I was told that I was being too emotional. And so, the argument began. 😂💔
Problem is you tell them, they're understanding and caring too, but they do it again!
Yes, I was trolling British cider lovers. Sorry.
Did anyone else think they were apple slices??
rub rub 💩👅💋🐛
OM NOM NOM NOM NOM
Looks ultra-yum! I also admire that freakishly small ladle.
Wow
Omg, that sounds foodgasmic!
Looks amazing!!!!
El chema de nega
you is you 💛
Delicata squash? Yes,please!
Kosher salt on pork...
Buttered rice you say?
That looks soooo good.
YOU ARE TRENDING :)
#25 trending thats what i wanna see
always love ur recipe this 1 looks outrageously YUM! Thank chef John.
Yoooo, Chef John is trending
Making this!! 😋😋
His voice is killing me, the tone the rise in pitch towards the end of his sentences is driving me nuts I can't finish video
This is my new place to come to when I miss my dad reading me bed time poems.
this guys voice is fucking annoying
Your voice gets higher right before your sentence is about to end and it's super fucking annoying , but I have to deal with it to watch your fucking video. You high pitch roller coaster fag
Stop talking like that! Surely you are forcing it...
How can anyone get through these videos with this bloke talking like a fucking moron... kills me
John,  I shouldn't watch your videos at 1 in the morning.  I'm now gonna go cook.
I just can't with this man's sing-songy, up and down style of talking.
YOU NEED A VOICE COACH!\n   I am KEEPLOOKINGUP Jo-😇\n@
Would this work with beef for those who can't eat pork?
His voice is so annoying. Stop the long pauses in between sentences. It’s so infuriating.
Now give it the old poka poka  i will forever use this😂😂😂
Stole my recipe except that I always leave it bone on.  You just can't replicate the feel and taste of collagen.  Way better than resorting to flour or corn starch to thicken the sauce.  I also add thick apple slices to the braise so when done you have a more less savory apple sauce
John have you tried traditional English cider? Flat, strong, dry, tasting 100% of apples, tart, etc? I really think youd like it (maybe in recipes like this, or to drink...)
Chef John, Amid the chaos, corruption and scandal that peppers the news on a daily basis, your humour and good nature provide the perfect antidote! Please keep up the great work!
Takes sooo long to cook. I cooked it in a pressure cooker and took half an hour only.
we're not trying to make pulled pork here\nBut could we make pulled pork with a similar method?\npossibly thickening the sauce so it sticks more to the meat?
My heart never beats like it beats at this
I would love to see the squash recipe as well.
Ok, going on next grocery list.  Can't wait to drink the sauce!\n\nJust had the billionaire frank and beans, never been a fan but Chef John's recipe is simple, quick and absolutely gonna be an added favorite to my house (I cheated in one spot and didn't use water, I used veg broth ; ) watch the vidy and you'll understand.
Omg.....this is a alllllllllll day to cook 🍖 meat. Thanksgiving turkey 🦃 doesn't even take this long.! I'm going to give it a try though.
I have that exact same pot but can't brown anything in it! How do you brown meat on ceramic?
The rhythm of how you speak is very entertaining! :)
Wow not hours before I watched this video I bought a delicatta squash! Please show me what to do with it :)
Hi Chef John, is this recipe going up on All Recipes?
Sounds yummy. I’m making it this weekend.  Please do the squash video, too. It is squash season, after all.
You are the boss of your pork shoulder stewed in a creamy apple cider sauce!  Yes!  Want to learn more about Delicata squash for sure.  At first I thought it could have been sautéed apples which, of course, would have paired nicely with the pork shoulder.   Regardless Chef more on Delicata and other winter squash types.  Very underrated vegetable.
This man is bordering on national treasure
I could of used this recipe about 4 days ago when I found a 5LB pork shoulder for $7.00 . The only recipes I could find was bbq pulled pork.
My food wish is a open cheese pie\nhttps://i.pinimg.com/originals/55/d5/ea/55d5eac2d9f69dd00e390535d6958ff5.jpg
Congrats on being #20 on the trending list! Good for you.
the cadence of this dude's voice bothers me
Did recipe with beef shoulder instead...worked great!
Pork shoulder is one of my favorite cuts from pork besides pork ribs and belly. Usually pork loins are too lean to my taste unless I make it sous vide.
Everything is better with a touch of Cayenne.
Cider from France??? Live local,buy local,love local,,,support our own.
¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸ \nTHANK YOU   FOR SHARING WONDERFUL VIDEO . ALWAYS  HAVE A NICE TIME WATCHING . WONDERFUL EDITING\nAND PRESENTATION. HOPE YOU HAVE WONDERFUL WEEK. GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA . TWO THUMBS UP.♫ .(ړײ) ♫\n¨°º¤ø„¸   ¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø„¸  ¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø„¸  ¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨
I would like to try this with lamb.
Wooo 25 on trending!! 😁😁😁
Just made it. With a twist I reduced with a bit of the best home made beef stock, no salt added, and put just a few flakes of teragon. Wow amazing.
bouncin on my boy's d to this
All I saw in the title was PORK CREAMY SAUCE
omg
in Turkish pork shoulder means domuz omzu shoulder is omuz pork is domuz THAT'S NO COINCIDENCE
I love pork in cider! Lol
Can you make poutine?
Cider from France Nono  English scrumpy
I think I will add a star anise and a cinnamon stick.
what does hard cider mean? how is it different from regular cider? (a non-native english speaker here)
the link doesn't pull up anything. wanted to send my husband the recipe but it just opens a blank browser
Is a Dutch Oven just a ceramic coated Cast Iron Pot?
really nice recipe.  and delicata squash is the absolute best.
I think the folks who claim their pork shoulders always end up dry are using tenderloin.
0:38 B O N E L E S S
Hey Chef John made a pork stew that was really good. I'll pm you the recipe if you want.
wonderif i can do with country style ribs. need a new recipe for them
Could you apply this to a pork tip sirloin or is that too lean for this method/recipe?
I'd put it in the oven on number one and leave it for about 4 hrs, then finish and thicken on the hob ;)\nGuess I'm the Roy Scheider of my braised pork and cider :)
Will definitely try this braised pork. It's theraputic watching and listening to Chef John.
Hi Chef John, I wanted pass on a tip foe skimming grease. I use a gravy ladle, like the one you were using in the video.I have a cup close by to put it in in case I need to do any more simming. Thank you for sharing all the know how and recipis.
Yup, you can never rush a good crust!
Looks great!  Now I really need to find a way to clean these kinds of pans.   I'm getting yelled at monthly for either leaving dirty or over cleaning & scratching the wifes pans.
Please do that squash video soon so I can make this :)
Awesome stuff! Problem is that when any tough cut of meat is cooked to that tenderness, it tends to stick between your teeth and you'll have to spend at least 15 minutes doing the tooth pick + floss routine after eating. Oh well, I guess it's worth it.
FRESH-LY
Dang it Chef John... I just started a diet and that was just mean... lol...
I always add sliced, lightly fried Granny Smith apple too.  Here in Spain, Asturias cider is amazing. French and U.K. ciders are great too of course. I am from England so know a good cider when I taste one! It's a favourite dish with my B&B guests.
I've been watching Food Wishes for years! Do you know how much I support and love the channel? I don't even skip the ads so you can get that revenue. Stay hustling Johnny boy.
His voice makes me sooooo sleepy \n😴😴\nI'm not complaining or anything
Ohhhhhhhh so good!\nI will.....WILL try this one!\nGreets from far away Germany....which is gettin colder day by day :)
Making a batch of hard cider next week.  Looking forward to trying this recipe after it ferments.
'If you throw that away.... We can't be friends That is why we love you Chef!
where is the beef, I mean MEAT!!!!!! I'm not much on boiled fat.
No garlic Chef John?
Chef John when I eat ass should I add a bit of cayenne or not? What do you think
Good god his tone of voice is so crazy its like hes excited about every single sentence that comes out of his mouth oh my god!
Leviticus 11:7 And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be clovenfooted, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you.\n\n8 Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcase shall ye not touch; they are unclean to you.\n\n9 These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat.\n\n10 And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an abomination unto you:\n\n11 They shall be even an abomination unto you; ye shall not eat of their flesh, but ye shall have their carcases in abomination.\n\n12 Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto yo
i dont know enough about being jewish, but is there a thing with kosher salt on pork, is that halal or whatever ok forget it.
chef john - i really must ask you this: do you have some religious objection to pressure cookers??  while this may not be the best example, but there are plenty where you could have used one and (imho) think you could have gotten better results, far faster.  you NEVER use pressure cookers.  what's up with that?\n\nanyone else with me on this?
I am sure others commented on @  4:14  the sauce went from a liquid to a thicker more reduced sauce. Plus pan had more meat in after the edit.  Chef John I am rather disappointed in this presentation.
the brown stuff at the bottom of the pan is actually called the suuc. the fond is when you deglaze it with liquid.
Mad ting
Wow
Amazing
Who Jah bless\nNo man curse 💓💓
This based on Crazy Titch?
Motivational stuff
Basit is my mate goes to same school
Nice...love the message nuff love from Ny❤️
Stormzy Just raised the bar like if you agree 💪
God didn't give you to hands to sit around praying 😶
Im 16 right now and I ain't really had a bad life it's been good just always been short on money so my family struggles a little and this film really helped me because   recently I've not been in the right state of mind like I've been on the edge of throwing away my life and getting involved in things I shouldn't because of the way society is nowadays it just glamorises this kind of badman life and I was seriously considering getting involved in it like one sentence and my life could've been changed In a moment but this film brought me back to reality it really did and I feel it saved me it's a great message man and I think more people need to see this
Message in the beginning was so amazing
The people chatting shit about this album don't get it. Stormzy went against the demand for a hard banger album and wanted to make something that he actually wanted to make. This has a lot more meaning than other UK rap albums. It's an excellent album.
Tony is Konan in 20 years (only in looks)
This is hard but it need to be longer
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Sky sports football commentator... Lukakuuuuuuuu
Who Jah Bless
Dopee
Spectacular
Great Film🔥👌🏾
My man Stormzy ur an inspiration
AAYYYYYY Ghanaian Queen
Lame af
Art
RAW
A-F***ING-MAZING pure 🔥🔥🔥
Amazing,stormz is gonna change nations round
Visual  masterpiece
This is banging bro
Ghana Ghana
real n******s shouldn't make distracks YEEEEE STORMZ
Visual rap album.
1k HATERS YEH?  Stormzy u d man
Rlly brought me to tears🙁
Always ❤️
No more broken promises, I swear! 🙌🏽
TIGHT ...
I never knew Lukaku could rap
💓👌💪
Romelu is so talented.
💕
Gimp music
#adnanstar
You killed someone???
Lukaku🔥🔥🔥
This is brilliant Stormzy.
Ricegum x Stormzy. Guaranteed banger 💥
Stormzy scares me shitless
may the GOD OF JEHOVA guide you? this is a video to misguide you all god does not have a god. following things like sheep becuase it sounds good. educate your minds you fools. www.evilbible.com
The young man has got his head screwed on, a blessed message. Respect stormzy
I swear the boy goes to my school 😂
What is the first song called
Is there no heights that the problem won't reach...
Stormzy should do when plan b did with ill manors release and album make a film filmed with the music
rate this so much wish it was longer will definitely win awards
Best short film I ever watched
THIS IS SOME GOOD SHIT RIGHT THERE
that womans voice at the start though...fucking hell...no one talks like that
This man is MY HERO.
massive message being sent out by stormzy. man is real and a perfect example that it doesnt matter were you are from who your around and what your involved in. its up to you to choose your path find your power your energy and create your own faith and strength and defeat your demons and decide are you worth or waste .
Man's on a different radar
Subscribe to my channel for a daily vlog, obviously mans new to this ting , let’s hit 1000 subscribes for my first video come on!!!
too big for the room
This is movement!! Just took things to a next level 📸🎥🎩 man of the year fully proven with this film. \nInspiring the world.
I'm the tall peng white kid from 5:03 to 5:30 any modelling companies or acting companies hmu 07388332347/killaj9@outlook.com 😂😂😂
mans said come to ya block in my pj's
It was a pleasure been part of this project! More than a just music video!!
This is really a movie 🎥💯🔥🔥
Aint hating but isn’t this similar to bugzys facing time ting?
That man should've never said kindness shows weakness, harsh lol
what the fuck Lukaku can rap ?
When you remember stormz got 6 A* at gcse
100 bags has to be my favourite stormzy song ever! I've said it since the start, it's a grime masterpiece
The coach scenes remind me too much of FIFA journeys
My absolute love, Stormz out here living life 🙌🙌 inspiration
Same old shit, different goon on the mic
This video is a mad ting, Stormzy is definitely one of the best ever 💯💯
How do I get this off my YouTube home? This faggots never been in a gang and will keep dreaming about being in one, please just fuck off my YouTube recommendations.
The moral to the story? \nStormzy this is reality..  the devils..\nits about breaking the strong holds! of our minds our childrens.. It is written 📖 thats all we need to do plus follow it! constantly battles with will and mind. 💟mind💟 the heart the spirit of Jesus within us ALL!  some of our youth today are lost! Akala would also disect this and teach. We all need God in these last days of tribulations. Romans 8:6 Isiah 26. 3
You Illuminati...some of us know.
Some boy from my school was in that
Being not the north the insult pussy hole is honestly the most pathetic sounding insult
Never been so gassed to a song in the end credits 😂😂😂
Stormzy's pure inspiration for so many
This is just top boy with different actors
This hits home hard
was that filmed in east london?
This was amazing! Well done to all involved!
holy shit this is the best thing ive ever seen
Yo stormzy big work keep it up
Raise the roof fam! Cz his head about to hit that.
At 10:23 I though Perfect Cell was about to make an appearance. If you know you know  lol
That's cool 😎 I think it's really great 👍
So good, but wish it was a bit longer!
THIS SONG WILL WIN SOME TYPE OF AWARD. \nInstagram @therealangelafang
Did anyone else notice lines from other artists in the dialogue? \n\nGo back and watch it again...
the concept of this is so revolutionary in grime, making productions like this is really giving grime the right vision that these mc's dj's producer's arent all gangsters involved in crime or living up to that steereotype, it shows the talent this genre called 'Grime' has real raw talent who can make big movements and make good money and make a success out of it \n\nbig up stormzy for showing people how much potential is in GRIME
Stormzy just set new levels for the scene!!! This is Heavy 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 Gwaaaan B!!!!
this is dead what a waste of my time
Edinburgh? Edinburgh's about 2 hours south of me and there's still a lot of towns further north. No Brit would answer Edinburgh.
One of best video
Want to know more about Svalbard? Check my video series, including a visit of both Longyearbyen and Ny Ålesund! Nils Svalbard Vlogs: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOJZhkzGissTkaRlZL9wKAePtoP3QnqBp
Other countries with 0 visa requirements?
I am watching this from Tromsø
Longyearbyen.. Hmm seems like a great place to retire
I enjoy and appreciate the work you put into these, but I'm driven to point out how bad the projection is on the main map you show in the video (and others, such as the Barrow video). It's ironic that you plug Storyblocks as a place to get graphics, but you don't consistently use a better map for talking about arctic places.
Well that's it longyearbean 😂 is the next germany now.
Now I know where I can flee to if ww3 starts.
That's really funny in social studies I did a project because in Canada we do Canadian geography you had to choose some place to research so I just looked around Google maps and I saw this place looks really north so I did A 300 word essay on alert just 4 days ago
'Thule' is pronounced too-lee. This fact took 3 seconds to research. Sorry, thumbs down.
I have to give it to Half as Interesting and Wendover Productions. The owner always manages to tie in the sponsors to the video topic perfectly. The videos are great as well.
You spend more time sponsoring than actually talking about the most northern town . How sad
So alert is the most northern settlement ever just not town. Cool
ur transition to advertising the sponsors is smooth AF
Why is Russia portrayed as the Soviet Union? @ 3:07
Um... aren't Villages and Towns different\nLike on Tiksi Wikipedia page it says: It remains the most Northernly Settlement with a population of over 5000
no logic in Russia What?
You're plug segways are next level on both channels lol
I am from New Jersey...work in Newark...I can confirm you don't want to end your day there.
Listen up here ya cunt, don't talk shit on Newark
I like how he actually told us he was going to name the town at the four minute mark and actually did it
Hahaha I live by Newark NJ and even the people there know its a dump. Its basically where New York dumps but it does have the largest port in America
Lol, I like how you went right back into the story blocks advertisement. Funny stuff man!!........ Great video though!!
which one of these towns Santa clause from?
that segue at the end tho
what about nothermost village, please make video too.
OH NO WONDER WENDOVER PRODUCTIONS WAS SO SIMILAR AND SIMILAR VOICE
You should do the southernmost town
Well, nice to have a video about the place where you live ahahah (from a proud Longyearbyen citizen)
i forgot you where doing these now :D nice
jesus you like the north
I love the video, but please use a better map projection when talking about far north or far south places.
He at least it's not an airplane video.
Lol that Newark burn. Probably one of the least pleasant area of the state with the Princeton area being the best
The best thing about this channel is taking the piss out of everything :-)
Ridiculous to state Britons would say Edinburgh most northern when we know it isn't even the most northern Scottish town
As a Jersyite, I don’t want to go to Newark either.
First you make fun of Russia for a polar presence and a minute later you justify such presence for US and Canada...\n\nRussia MAKES MONEY from Murmansk, isn't this enough of a reason?
Because logic and sensibility doesn't exist in Russia\n\nClearly never been to Russia, typical United States retard.
Happy to live in Rio de Janeiro...
No one, I repeat no one in Britain would say the northern most 'town' in the world is the city of Edinburgh. No one in the uk is thy stupid. Maybe you Americans might think that, but no one in the uk is that fucking dumb. No one on earth is as stupid as you Americans are. This video is idiotic and downright naive.
In America not all people think its Toronto. I know there are towns and cities like Stockholm, Barrow, Moscow, and others that would take 2 hours to type.
I hope he does a video on Norilsk. It's such a bizarre Russian town.
Wow I love this item. http://amzn.to/2xJYbzw
Lemme take a guess: Alert in Canada?\n\nEdit: NOOOOOO
Who wants to move to an isolated Norwegian town w/ me? I need a roommate
Toronto is on the same latitude as Eugene, OR
Storyblocks???  I'm pretty sure you have claimed to use Videoblocks. I guess you'll just say whoever will pay you. I know. I know. You're going to say you use both of them and others too.
is Tiksi Russia. also more north than Barrow
I'm going to Svalbard. Seems like a lot of fun.
The comments on Russia are just pure savage
As an airplane guy you should know that there is also daily flights to Tromsø from Svalbard.
...Or you could move there and be a stupid YouTuber, but first, you'll want a Storyblocks account... Selling sponsorship at it's finest
I love how much more sarcastic this channel is than Wendover.
Welp, I guess I'm moving to Svalbard.
damn... I'm from newark nj
Man, I know you're American and stuff but, could you please at least put a caption or something when you say things like 'miles' or 'degrees' (I assume Fahrenheit)? You know... for us, the rest of the World.
wouldnt there be no internet in Svalbard to access storyblocks?
Most of the people that work in Barentsburg are Ukrainian even though it is a part of Russia
Well i thing that the most Northern Town is Hammerfest Longyearbyen and the other places in Svalbard is just villages
This was one of my favorite videos by you.  Keep up the good (and witty) work.
Hate to say it but the russian town looked better then the alaskan town, Lol.
Half as Interesting is wendover productions but slightly humerous\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIGN: 11/10
You should do a video about the southernmost cities
What about the southern most town?
Yo keep those jokes up they're amazing
What is the most isolated city in the world with a population of over i million? I believe it's PERTH in Western Australia.
OH MAN!!! The segue's are just too smooth. I literally just yelled out 'OOOOH YEEEEAAAAH!' in the middle of a coworking space. Beautiful stuff.
I thought nobody would talk about Alert........
My birthday comes in a half hour to an end and then half as interesting uploads yeah
If you ask a Brit its Edinburgh? That's so wrong, if you ask a Scot they will probably say John o Groats , If you ask an English northerner they will say Aberdeen and if you ask a southerner they will say Manchester, Do you research.
its been a longyearben
Watch the latest and strongest movies online\nMoviesGate.TV
that smooth ass transfer at the end though 😂😂
Why u gotta come at Newark like that
7 year old: uhhh is it the north pole
You live in Edinburgh so you know brits would hardly say Edinbugh is the most northern town haha! Off the top of my head Wick is way up there in Scotland or even the towns in the Shetlands!
If you ask Canadians, like me, what the northernmost town is, I reckon some of them will say Alert.
I hope people get the newerk nj reference.... living in its shadows my whole life I *completely* understand ur joke
Wendover does it again
loved this
Twice as funny
Tending ??
What about Alert Nunavut?
Lmao that shade thrown on Newark. #savageWendover 😂
Yukon, NWT and Nunuvat, So like 11 people?
1:16 Suomi mainittu
3:08 playing some DEFCON I see....
Most smooth ad
Suomi mainittu! Hyvä Suami!
this vid was copied
2:33 it’s pronounced “Oh-sh-loh)
etah,greenland?
That ad integration tho.
 Americans would say Toronto Maine and Alaska are further north than Toronto and Canada Greenland and Skandanavia have towns further north
lol this video is like.  russia is evil   weird propaganda through graphics. Like its so blatant. No fair to the kids man
Yeah! Stupid youtubers like that from Wendover Production
Now do the southernmost one
So ANYONE can just go to Svalbard and stay for as long as they want? Does Norway or anyone else have police or some sort of law enforcement over there? I mean does each and everyone of those settlements in Svalbard provide government services and the like in the language of the majority of the people living in those settlements or is it completely different?
Yeeeaaahhh.... I don’t want a clock right next to my bed with a camera on it. Don’t need to explain why
This will make turning off the alarm too easy.\n Alexa, SHUTUP
free video calls to amazon corporate headquarters and the NSA.  just press nothing.
So, pay Amazon to watch you have sex?
$150?  I'll pass .
I will not put that magic 8 ball w/ a camera in my bedroom. \n\nAlso I wonder how many ppl do video calls. Anecdotally idk anyone. Curious if the rest of population does regularly enough to buy this. They must if Amazon if Amazon is betting on it
This is almost what I wanted... but for something to really be an alarm clock it needs to have a backup battery.  I used my dot as an alarm clock for awhile, but the first time the power went out and my alarm didn't go off, I had to stop using it.
That THING looks like a color iMac! Amazon devices are REALLY FAT-Show, Spot, Tablets EVERYTHING.\n\nThat's why they only show front views of the Show.
Amazon wants a bunch of these in homes. The price needs to be $50 less then.
So 100 dollars less than a spot?
I want one. But can't even pre-order it in the UK. Probably won't get it until Spring.
Great job CIA 😀👌🙌🎆🎉🔥
Bedroom
Great. So now amazon can listen to whatever happens in your bedroom and recommend sextoys to you if there is not so much going on under the sheets anymore. Who could wish for more?
Just as a word of advice to some of the people commenting, here's a hint: ANYTHING with a camera or a microphone connected to the internet can be used by the government to watch you. Your phone, any microphones you have connected to your computer, webcams, all of that can be used to watch you. So, can the government watch you through this? Yes. Of course they can, and I'm sure they probably will. But they can also watch you at all times when you're on your phone or your laptop watching this video. It isn't new information, people. Yes, these devices can be used to watch you, but anything connected to the internet with some kind of recording device can be used to do that. The only difference is that this is a smart alarm clock. Doesn't matter.
Amazon wants camera and mic in every room of the house
I want this as a center console in a Mini Cooper
hi i'm Casey, and this is 90 seconds on the verge
Great now the NSA can see me sleeping !!
Wait until edward snowden see this..
love it. need to get it. available yet?
i thought we developed smartphones in order to get rid of alarm clocks...
Would be nice if it had a phsical camera cover
Is amazon going to offer some kind if trade in upgrade for people with old alexas
I'm distracted by his tiny head.
I have a phone.
Not to be confused with the nVidia Spot, which is scheduled to come out.... someday, they think.\nhttps://www.nvidia.com/en-us/shield/smart-home/
Cool device with an attractive pitch and design, but Amazon's ecosystem doesn't appeal to me at all, and it's not available in all countries.
I would buy that for a dollar
Why would anyone want that wire tap in their house?
Okay, of all of the echo products so far, this one (to me at least) looks the most futuristic of the bunch. I don't even use Alexa or any smart home appliances for that matter, but I want it anyway
one in the kitchen, bedroom, and living room? yeah no thanks. and you know why...
Looks cool but always listening is becoming always watching...
These devices are great epitomes of consumerism.
Looks nice but Alexa can’t answer some very basic questions. Would love to see this hardware with google assistant intelligence.
0:48 indeed, a good clcol amazon echo spot is
The dot next to my computer keeps waking up to this
So pretty much a device that does everything my smartphone already does.  I think I'll pass.
Probably most appealing thing in the line-up more affordable price, small modern form-factor, and it has the luxury of a screen + all the features of a regular echo.
To all who are commenting that this echo spot will now be able to hear you and see you in your bedroom. Hope you morons realize you carry your phones everywhere.
FREE video calls?!? No freaking way!
don't put that in bedroom
Imagine Alexa in your bedroom listening to you sleep...
This is my favorite eco but I’m not buying it since amazon have information to the government about people talking to the eco
Not sure about having a camera next to my head while I'm sleeping.  Believe it or not, I obviously LOVE tech....emmm emm my tech review channel :).  However, when it's time to sleep I want absolutely NO TECH in my bedroom, including my phone.
Does youtube work on it?
WALLS HAVE EARS! AND YOU'RE PAYING FOR IT!
I wonder why they didn't make the screen bigger. Should have went with a 3 screen
Wow now that's cool
new product from CI... i mean amazon 😊
I think this is the most interesting of the new devices but it's real potential is lost to me when it doesn't keep a charge for like lets say the power goes out...    Then it's not a dependable alarm clock.
Who wonna trade vid clips on this 😂😂😂😂😂😂
one in the bathroom?
Any idea if the display can turn off?  Asking for the clock in a bedroom use case.
What usefully those devices do? Other than stealing your data.
Has anyone ever told Alexa to shut up
Coming Soon: Amazon Cool Beans- an alexa enabled refrigerator, specifically designed for beans. starts at 1299
Why would you want a camera on it?
My Echo kept going off during this video lmao
Doesn't this one look too similar with the upcoming smart speaker by the essential?
too pricey, $75 per an we got a deal
It's a buy and a great deal.. can't wait for the knock off version
This looks cool but has personal data breach written all over it. -no thanks.
So it does nothing my phone can't do.
Put one in your bedroom huh? then don't forget to cover the camera or turn it around whenever you're pleasuring yourself, cause you just never know who's watching.........
South Park should had waited to make that Alexa episode how funny whould this be if they mocked the fact that this thing has a camera on it
Ah, great...  A camera next to my bed
When I first saw it in the thumbnail I thought, dang nest made a virtual assistant... NICE... oh dang it’s amazon.
The amount of times this video triggered Alexa...
Great, they can now watch me sleep...
putting an internet connected smart device with a good front facing camera in your bedroom? Grrreeaat idea!
Nest Alarm Clock
Gayy
Its pretty elegant
Makes me miss my Chumby.
Should have included wireless charging
meh.
たけー
Typo at 0:48
A smart alarm clock? Nice.
Make Alexa Great Again #MAGA
STOP saying ALEXA! lol
Djmario sube el CAMINO!!
Nexus Q, anybody?
I want it
Hi
How come Amazon sucks at making products.
Echo dot\nEcho show\nNow echo spot? \nWow
Is there anyway that if you had one in your kitchen, in your living room, on your desk, and in your bedroom that you can link them and use them as home surveillance?
Got Siri, I don’t need this weird spyware thing too.
I'd pay $20 for this glorified photoframe.
this is pretty cheap so idk why people are complaining
The end was cringeworthy.
I'm with Google..
Need more hot girls\nlmao
I want one
130 is way too expensive
The issue with this is that an alarm clock needs 100% reliability. What if there is no power or WiFi. Does it have back up power and does the clock work fully with no internet. Does it go down sometimes.  On a regular Echo none of this matters, but it does on an alarm clock. That has to work every single time, with no exceptions ever.
But does it have an aux out port. If it does I'd totally get one.
Hey it ships out on my birthday 😀
Jimin's hairsyle\nJimin's outfit!\n.\n.\nI live for this ><
My bias is jimin but namjoon is taking over me this comeback hehe
Imagine the loud sound if they didn't turn off suga's mic after his part was done XD rip earphone users
That went from Mic Drop to Mic Throw very quickly
I've been reading manga half of my life and following BTS since 2013. I really am happy to know which country does the male manga character can be found 😁
Jin's parts at end kills me.!! They all kill me. 😍😍😍😍
I know this has nothing to do with the performance but r they wearing timberlands??? It definitely looks like it to me
Omg jimin's note at the end ,,that yeahh ~~ so sexy 😍
No one is talking about jungkook? Jungkook's charisma 😭😍
I watched this after watching Go Go performance. And now I have trust issue
‼️IMPORTANT‼️\nGUYSSSS DONT FORGET TO VOTE FOR BTS IN THE AAAs ON NOVEMBER 15!!!! EXO IS CURRENTLY IN THE LEAD PPL!Just type in aaa vote and click the first link!!! Don't forget to login with Facebook or naver so that your vote will be counted! You can only vote once a day so we have to work hard! We can do it ARMY!\n\nBTS HWAITING ARMY HWAITING
okay so guys i know i say this alot....\n\n\n\n\nBUT THEY LOOK SO FCKN GOOD HOW IS A BITCH SUPPOSED TO BREATHE
3:52 if the mic can talk.\nim so lucky that yoongi touch me
this is what it means by your bias chooses you right. cuz i was already a loyal namjoon bias but now i'm being completely bias wrecked by KIM NAMJOON IN THAT HAIR DAMN SON KEEP THAT AWAY IT'S LETHAL.
This is my new favorite song bcoz of jimin slaying the choreo and vocal
Fucking hell yoongi didn't drop that mic hE FUCKING THREW IT \n\n\n\n\n\ni wonder if he broke it. hmm
Here lies a new meme\n\n\n\n\nDID YOU SEE MY BAG
I see Rapmon in MV Run😂💓
Fans: BILLBOARD... WORLDWIDE.\n Thats right. \n*Drops the mic*
All I can think is that poor mic tf did it do to Suga
I love all of their performances, but I gotta say, Mic Drop slays the most 🔥🔥🔥They all look so damn amazing!
#47 trending in the UK🎉😊
That mic drop in the end
Feels like the Bulletproof Boyscouts are back! 🔥
Jung ho seok on the fire
the microphone is crying 💞
My phone screen is broken, be responsible for this Bighit
I think there is something wrong with the mics :(
Hoseok wreaking my whole life. God this boy is testing me. This is his element. I just wonder if I'll survive his hixtape because seriously I'm struggling to survive right now. 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
watching while reading the comments huh! I love it when my Co-Army talks about how hot BTS are. Just Love it
this is my FAVORITE SONG FROM THIS ALBUM OMG I LOVE IT
OK WHAT WAS THAT UH AT 0:33
watching this after Go Go is kinda funny
ok, I swear that taehyung is coming for my soul with each performance.  And good lord, J hope!
i hope the mics that min yoongi drops don't get broken
1:00 WHAT THE FUCK [me] WAS THAT MIN YOONGI
LET ME END MY LIFE PLEASEEEE! JUNG HOSEOK YOUR DISRESPECTFUL GESTURES MAKES ME WANT TO STOP BREATHING
#45 trending in the UK
i swear i cannot see anyone else but jhope during the intro
2:10 jimin’s hip thrust and shoulder teases, Jungkook’s whole look and dancing, hobi in the beginning, Jin’s black hair habaek the water God lookin ass, namjoon in that outfit, v with that bandana, suga’s mic drop at the end...I die every damn time I watch them perform this somewhere new. It’s so good that a tiny sliver of me almost hates it lol
Omg the choreography of songs of this album is so cool. I love every performance of them. *flawless*
sugar drop his mic at the end
OMG EVERYTHING ABOUT MY BOYS IN THIS PERFORMANCE IS JUST TOO MUCH, I CAN'T HANDLE ALL OF THIS!!!!! 😲😲💘💘💘💘💘💘😍😍😍😍😍😱😱 literally making me stop breathing, omg.. 💓
Suga didn't drop it...\n\n\nBut...\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHE THREW IT ;3;
Every time I heard RM says:  Haters gon' hate.. Players gon' play.. Live a life man... I want to laugh and smirked because he is really dissing those losers😂😂😂
jhope so sexy
V outfit reminds of hwarang....
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
好帥我愛她們
SEOKJIN~~~♡♡
jimin😍😍😍
The choruses are so catchy
namjooooonn
J HOPE FREAKING WINK! AHHHHHH DAMNITT J HOPE!!!! YOU JUST K.O ME!
2:31 JIMIN'S HIPS NEVER LIE
MI PELUCA VOLO
3:07 \nYou're welcome
Nam 😍🔥
Suga Dropped the mic. 😍💕
Mic drop 😍 those outfits and hair style 💞
Jungkook is so sexy at 2:54-3:01 hihi
woooooooooooooooooooow
oh ic🙄🙄 #ikonsfashionhere 😍 \nlove bts coz they slay 😍
suga marrentinho mais fofo que ja vi rs
Jimin 😭😭😭 kill me
Jhope really give the swag feel🔥🔥
MIN YOONGI DROPPED ANOTHER MIC
Poor jin his gog sadly passed away 😘😭😭😭
#45 on trending  BTS DID that
JIN U SLAY 😭😍😍
taehyunggg!!!!❤❤❤❤
jhope got me SNATCHED
Aaah Jimineee 🙈😱 Stop wrecking my soul ! ♥️
SUGA DROP HIS MIC SO HARD ALDBSJXB
Damn namjoon 🔥
rapmon new hair
YOONGI THREW THAT DAMN MIC IM DEAD
Love bts 😍😍
Monie's hair is lit!!
NAMJOON AND JUNGKOOK GOT ME DEAD
Taehyunggggg...
Suga Taehyung at the end!!!!!!!
rip that mic
Jin please Cheer up😊😊\nARMYs love you 😘\nYou can do it👍\nBe strong💪\n사랑해😍
JHOPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Suga à mic nó có làm gì sai ư????
....I watched it ove and over again....and I still have no clue where taehyungs hair went ._.
1:13 did he tape his hair..? is he wearing an orange cape?? \n*realization*\noh... he's wearing my sister..
Haters gon' hate.\nPlayers gon' play\nLive is a life,  Man. \nGood luck!! \n\n\n\n\nBOOOMMMM👊👊👊
I just love this.
oh my god jimin lookin like nick carter with that hair 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
jimin’s adlib at the end
Maliban sa YG ARTIST BTS lang ang pinapanood at ni lilike ko ng mga videos.. I like jungkook.💖💖
Anyone see his bag?
Mic Flip!
*J - HOOOOOOOOOOOOPE*
Why is BTS not wearing clothes? 😫
I crazily love Namjoon and BTS <3333
Boring
JUNGKOOK IS SOOOOO SEXYYYY.....!!!! GOD.... 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I am so ready for this.
Aint that the dude in Dunkirk ..?
Yorgos Lanthimos is a fucking genius filmmaker
A24, you had my curiosity. Now you have my attention.
I think I always say this after every trailer but I love A24!
Nicole Kidman is literally everywhere now
Colin Farrells beard godamn.
God damn if it's anything like The Lobster count me in
Jesus im so excited for this one!!!
Oh my God Nicole is just EVERYWHERE! So proud of this woman. Congratulations on your recent strings of success!
So when do we see some deer action in this film?
YO EVERYBODY\nIf you liked The Lobster, \nWATCH DOGTOOTH
Wow this looks good, and it's coming out on my birthday
This movie looks weird as Weird Al Yankovic. I love it.
In a world of relying on loud noises (IT) and unneeded gore (Mother!), A24 is back again to save the day. This is gonna be B-R-I-L-L-I-A-N-T
And people say there are no more original films
Fucked up.
Young Barry Keoghan is a superb actor.  Loved him in Irish gangland series LOVE/HATE. He has also been in Dunkirk, Trespass Against Us (with Michael Fassbender and Brendan Gleeson) and 71, with Jack O'Connell
I have no idea what is going on but I'm all in.
not as good as the lobster, but still pretty interesting and creepy at some points. never really scary, but the acting is great and it looks good.
One of the best directors right now.
I still don't know anything about the films plot and I can't wait for it. It looks brilliant
I love almost movie you guys have made so far! All original, well done, and entertaining! I'm definitely going to see this one in theaters as well! The only complaint I would have is to not do what you guys did with It Comes At Night for any of your movies ever again. The trailer was misleading and because of that it got trashed on by the casual audience who went to go see it, which is a shame, since it was a really good movie.
The guy from Dunkirk❕❗️❕❗️
Έχουμε καβλώσει!
How could Barry's name not be mentioned in the end with the rest wtf
So God Damn tense I love it
I don't get it.
A24 is best girl
Love more with hot couple on screen * Nicolin * after watched THE BEGUILED movie
This is the most sinister trailer I have ever seen.
Colin Farrell and Nicole Kidman were recently in another film together, The Beguiled. It's fantastic, must watch.
I seriously want to watch this movie, but I'm afraid it's not going to be shown in mainstream cinemas in Germany :(
DAAAAD, Bob's dying !
So fucking haunting. Chills.
I am waitingggggggggggggggggg
This looks fucking amazing
Can't wait!
Bless
This looks great
Yes, this one. I wanna see this.
*WE ARE GOING TO WAR GEORGE*
This is going to be so awesome
saw this at TIFF and HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND
I love Yorgos Lanthimos.
GOOSEBUMPS!
Hank Hill voice: 'something's not right with that boy, tell you what
The sequel to The Lobster?
I loved that as fucked up as it's looking it's still trying to make you laugh
Oh, look! It's the stairs kid from Dunkirk!
THE SINGING GETS MORE AND MORE CREEPER
can't do less Kubrick-esque
Duuuuuuudee this movies gonna kill it!!!! Love A24
And way to spoil the twist, A24. Good job.
I can’t wait for seeing this’ll movie
Thought he was blind and dead.
That's the little girl from Tomorrowland!
please release it in india
lol everyone thinking they're cinephiles because they support A24
My favorite director along with David Lynch and Paul Thomas Anderson, Yorgos Lanthimos is a genius, all his movies are masterpieces, Aronosfky please, this is how a movie should be made, learn from this masters.
Yorgos Lanthimos is already a legend to me
Dad your son is fucking dying...I think he needs some help...He is bleeding from the eyes!!!. Shit
So here we r bcoz its from A24 nd we r loving it..hit like if u agree
Holy shit the cinematography is so good
Dunkirk 2: George in Heaven is looking really interesting
yall dick riding A24 like they're the ones making these movies.  Give Yorgos Lanthimos some credit here, A24 is just the distributor
This does look interesting, but the acting seems a little off for how talented the actors are so I assume it was intentional. It just seems like one of those movies where all your questions and the mystery is revealed in a single scene and you could get most of the story in just a few minutes. Its just about the tension and not knowing.
Such a weird looking movie but definitely gonna check it out out of curiosity
After that movie it comes at night and a ghost story I'll never watch another movie by this shitty ass production company. Worst movies I've seen in a long time and the acting is laughable
why does a24 only make massive piles of shit?
Hey....HEY MAN, nice shirt.\n\nedit: the thumbnail for this video looks like a weiner
...What a weird channel I've found...
Really love your videos man, please keep making them, this is one of the best channels on YouTube.
A compound found in potatoes called solanine can cause stomach pains and even paralysis. not enough in one potato, a bite or a even taste, well maybe some stomach pain... i just say so ppl know and don't try to eat a lot 'em at home and end up poison or worst.
I thought it was a Grant Thompson video
if isaac brock put his goofy energy into making stupid shit instead of making stupid music, then I think he'd just be you\n\ni love you dad
was #43 on trending because of the half naked dudes?
Maby if you fucking organize your shit not so much stuff would break and the chance of fire whould go down
LASER EXPERIMENT: \n\nUse the laser to heat oil to deep fry? I feel like it’s the one way to cook with the laser and make good food :p
Q: Is there an `e` on the end of Potatoe?\n\nA: Only if you're Dan Quayle.
Worried about you, Will. In a prior video the high voltage alligator clip you use melted and was arcing to the frame and this time the power supply cable could have done the same. I know you won't have time to show this on camera but i'd recommend checking all the relevant power supply cables just to make sure you don't fry yourself or cameraman John.
This dude's like...kinda like...half a retard right? I mean...that would make more sense and shit.
He's like if HowToBasic and VSauce3 morphed into one and I love it.
It's demonitized because it hurts Irish people to watch this, your burning their heritage
Isn't weird how he's roommates with Ryan Gosling?
Can you make a giant tc cat that has you on its shirt
Cut a fidget spinner with a laser while it’s spinning
You should use your laser cutter to make some shelves for all the stuff that's always blocking the laser/surrounding area.
Janky is relative. The relative jank, though...is still pretty high.
You should do can a laser cut through metal
YOU SHOULD FRY AN EGG WITH YOUR HOMEMADE 80 WATT LASER CUTTING MACHINE
William osman, you made the Philip defranco show
Wow !! Dick Potatoes??? Damn i need more sleep..😥😥
dear god how have they not burned down the building or electrocuted themselves........
I needed that In the thumbnail I thought you were lasering a dick
You got on the defranco show!
I love your show, and I love your shirts! Send me one please! I'll be your best friend, forever.
Make batman out of potatoes using anything but knives
where can you buy that tshirt?
tl;dr: Yes, but it's shit
“If there is anything that embodies every aspect of the artist that has ever come under discussion—love of innovation, creativity, spontaneity, productivity, creation complete from within oneself, etc.—it is the potato.” -Friedrich Huebach
Cut a mirror with the laser
Thought that was a penis just then. 😂😂
You should laser cut stew ingredients and then make a laser stew!\n\nCarrots, potatoes, meats, onions, salt :3
I dont think thats a potato...(on thumb nail) is the way to make your self have that tingly feeling?
How have you not been in my life until now?
This guy reminds me of the older twin from the Sandlot
I honestly thought this was a uncut penis
You need oil to make chips
You should make a video where you clean that room and show us all that crap you have in there
laser cut a picture of a cat onto a puzzle peice and then laser cut the puzzle peice into puzzle peices, laser cut puzzle inception.
the thumbnail looks like a gross uncircumcised penis
Love these videos mate!  Love the cat shirts even more!
Hey you should build a metal foundry
Could you do a project incorporating feminine hygiene products?:D\n I dont care what you do with them or if you use pads, tampons, cups, peridod panties, whatever. I think it'd turn out funny :D
Cutting a giant dong with a laser.
Uh, why did I spend 6 minutes of my life watching a guy cut a potato with a laser? 😭 \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Love how you had to clarify it's a potato in the thumbnail.
Man I wish I was neighbors with the eccentric cat science man. Sounds like a sci fi novel
The short answer is no
William when is ur birthday?
It would be cool to see you make some Lazer tweezers
Click bait video right here!!!  I admit I only clicked to check out the potato penis! 🤣
best thing to come out of dc rebirth
Can you TRY to cook bacon on the laser
You should laser cut a machine that throws a banana.
Lazer cut an action figure James Bond style.
Why am I here?
It's a cock!
YouTube has Now Sexualized a Potato! Fucking crazy world we live in. I'm done.
You should clean up your laser table man
Is it possible to cut, sharpen, or polish rocks with a Laser?
Someone watches a lot of idubbbz and howtobasic
I hate how long the mail service takes to get a letter to my neighbour... can you fix it so I can get a letter to my neighbour(s) quicker
Can you make a laser cut clock ???🤔🤔🤔🕢🕛🕥
Du dry
po-tay-to po-taa-to
Boi
watch this on mute
MORE LASER
Fucking fuck
Please clean your room
MAKE MOTORIZED HEELIES
Retard Alert 🛎  🚨
Idea:\n\nLaser Vape?
can you make dayvision/nightvision goggles
Thumbnail dicktato
wew lad
MAJE A SELF SCOOPING LITTER BOX
do a laser cutter tattoo
Do DIY laser tattoo removal on pig skin!
Scrambled eggs! Please make laser eggs!
Very nice potato power
fuck this video
3:24 looks like a penis
What is your malfunction?
Niggward Tentacle  hahah the Patreon supporter
5:30 is your neighbor ryan gosling
Video stars at 2:19
Expand Dong
Make a rubicks cube out of pizza toppings goddamnit
This is the whitest, most annoying thing ever
Get a real life and stop making shit videos
Video looked interesting but nah this guys fucking annoying
You got put on Today in Awesome in today's Philip DeFranco show!
Can you make a laser cut long board
U r just fucking annoying!!!!!
Whoa my comment and appreciated witty humor won me a Cattoo. Dope! Thanks man!!
Make A device that screams at you every time you get another subscriber!
Dude i just found your Channel yesterday and i love it keep up the great work this is awesome and hilarious 😂 👍
Nothing better than a cosy bubble bath, a hot chocolate and a 40 minute Autumnal Zoe vlog!
This was so autumnal I love it😍😍
can I just say, your hair and makeup are ON POINT girl! flawless!
When they were both in the ball together lmao!
I love Jim and Zoe's friendship it's like a really caring casual friendship and I'm in love x
I love these long vlogs, nice to see jim and tanya, there so nice,and joe of course x i think you,d suit an arran cardigan zoe x
I’m so proud of zoe for trying to zorb ball a few years ago she wouldn’t have even tried ❤️
I wish pumpkin picking & Halloween was a thing in Australia! 🎃 I'm in Canada this year so definitely going to vlog it!
Pumpkin drums? Or DRUMpkins\n\n\n\nNo? Ok I'll leave
Please do a boots haul
7:34 - 7:43 innuendo bingo😂 xx
Zoe could you please do a wardrobe tour 😩😩
Imagine going to a party with all your colleges and do a quiz about the private life of your boss. That would be crazy!!!
Time spent with good friends is the best! Zoe, you were so brave going in the Zorb? ball
I've been using Clue for about a year now and it is honestly so useful!
Who else knew she was going to say the clue app before she said it ! X
26.36 ‘ Our Future Children Alfie 💗😍’
Love that you talked about Clue! I've been using it for a year now, and I really like it :)
Hi zoeeeeeeee❤️are you doing vlogmas or 24 days of zoella this year??????????plzzzz do vlogmas😍😂😘🎉🎄
Terry's orange chocolate is my absolute fave 😍
Is this right!? 40minutes!?☺ love u anyway xx stay positive
I love a good 40 minute vlog!!!!!!!!
Challenge you to have upload a blog that is an hour long!
Just in case you read this, I know a trick that can help you stop having headaches. It's a piercing you out or your ears called Deith. It reaaaally works. Maybe you could try?
Ah i have clue since 2 years 😅👏
When Zoë uses the same period tracker as you 🙌🏼😂
In a way I like the adverts because it just makes the vlog last longer got something to watch for another 1 minute 😂😂😂😂😂
Honestly loving how long the vlogs are😍👑
Aweee this is so fun watching you all play and I love how Joe is so brotherly with you when you were in the Zorb ball so sweet.. ❤️all of my fave youtubers but Mark, Sean and Poppy are not there..
the amount of innuendos 😂
lbw, I'm subscribed! I love u so much! I have your life style bag and I love it! stay inspired :)
I love the long vlogs like these☺️♥️
I love your nails there so pretty xx
this is going to sound so confusing but I was just thinking..I have two sisters that are 26 and 24...the 24 year old's birthday is in march like yours and the 26 year old is turning 27 in October which is VERY close to Alfie's birthday. How ironic is this ?
THE EXCITEMENT!!💞💞 Not only a new zoella vlog BUT autumn themed wooooo xx
Omg I died when u “went into the upside down” 😂😂😂😂😂 thank you for making my day!!! Tbh it’s been a rough day 😝
Sports day tomorrow for our school and my team is so unathletic
Zoella your making me hungry with all those sweets, i want those chocolate pumpkin things now haha. Hey its tan lol :) I love that zara jumper, its gorgeous :) The mustard pom pom jumper is the one from the autumn haul video, now i've seen it i need it!! OMG this is going to sound so freaky but i had my totm same time as you in august and again this month, that's so weird!! x
That app is genius!!  Had to get it.  Enjoyed this vlog Zoe, thanks for making me laugh as always!  Psst. also, I just got engaged! Who likes to watch wedding planning videos?  Come visit me as I plan the next seven months!
I met joe on Sunday !!
I can already tell this will be one of my favourite videos by farrr
i love this vlog yaaas and i love youuuu  :)) x
You're vlogs are getting me so excited for fall/Halloween 🎃👻🍁🍂😆😊😜
zoe when you said your tutor group didnt do sports day it was like my tutor group was the same as yours it was so funny as we all laughed when we came last in everything except the people who did sports outside school we only came first once but i came third!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OMG THIS IS ALMOST A DREAM VLOG
Just got the app! Love it already x
Please can you look at you comments on instagram please xxxxx
In Alfie’s vlog the other day I actually thought the outfit that Tanya picked was soooo nice!! Xx
Joe’s Winnie the Pooh sucks were so cute
I downloaded Clue right when you started to explain what it was. I have been looking for an app that helps track periods that is trust worthy.
YAAAAY! Im such a big fan of Zoe💖
your skin is looking Amazing!!!!
OBSESSEDDDD with your t-shirt at 14:40 I really wanna know where it's from????? xx
Hi zoella I am  young I really like you if you ever do a giveaway I would love to win❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Not gonna lie I am in love with this vlog and your nails 💅🏼💅🏼❤️❤️🎉🎃
Wow your skin looks amazing Zoe ❣️
I love that you're vlogging so much right now ♥♥♥♥♥ Your videos are the best thing in my life ☻
Just looked at your other channel and you are sooooo close to 12million. Congrats.
hi Zoe I've seen you you out in public but I'm to nervous to say hi but also I've put your notifications on. your videos are also really inspiring
I can’t wait for vlogmasssss
It’s funny you say “burger nips” because we have a restaurant here in Winnipeg called Salisbury House and they call their burgers “nips”.
41 minute video i love it. love you zöe x
I’m so bloody excited for christmas
Love zoes nails
Your amazing
I love theese 40 minuet vlogs
40 minute vlog from Zoe!! YASSS
40 MINS OF ZOELLA
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Love this autumn  autumn autumn
IM LOVING. the constant uploads.
You're so cute!😄
Fall vibes🍂
Love your vlogs❤️loving the autumnal feel❤️
🎃 Love this halloween vibes vlog🎃  Merci! xx
Love
A 40 minute vlog?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYes.
Dam 40 mins of zoellas yessssssssssss
clue is amazing
Love you Zoe! Xx
I love Zoe's autumn vlogs
Yay autumn haull!!
your eyerbrows are really nice recentley
Love this video 💮
Wow Tanya looks incredible
I had a really crap day and your vlog cheered me up \nThx
Hey, Zoe! 🍂🍁❤️ I made an edit of you and Alfie, mind giving it a look 💖✨✨
Hi Zoe , I really love your vids , I think you inspire me so much , you are such a wonderful girl , and you are so pretty ! I really hope you see this if you do I just want to let you know how much I want to see you at a meet and greet one day !
Love clue thx Zoe x
AWWW omg when Zoe's video showed the tiny turtle I died omg I love tiny turtles and turtles in general omg <3
Alfies not alone that's exactly how I have my jacket potatoes! :'D
Does the app have the birth control reminder?
Is it just me or did she look like she got a haircut?
they're called gouds the baby pumpkins
Your fake nails look amazing 😍
i woke up at 7am on sunday WHICH IS SO EARLY  cause i had to go to a car boot sale and the garden center which i LOVE and i got alot off stuff done
Clue is so good. highly recommend.
Love me a good title alliteration :) ;)
Looking beautiful as always girl! 😍😍😍
LOVE your nails!!!!!!!!!
What a performace.
#9 on trending? Hey I don’t mind if people want to see us playing decent football for once
Sir Bobby would be proud.
#9 on trending😱😱😱
1:56 Jason Steele should never keep again
O M actual G, holy shitballs how is this trending
Thank you Ipswich! Brightened up my day!
Did anyone actually design the trending tab?
Subscribe me i'll surely subscribe you back!
Played great last night, only shame was the corner they scored. Mcgoldrick was class as always.
TOWN 4 THE CROWN 👑
Let's all take a second to laugh at Sunderland
We had enough highlights last night to fill a 90 minute video. Only 2 minutes? We were on fire last night. COYB! 🚜🚜🚜🚜
This is 15th on trending
Goals are like potato chips. One is never enough.
What was Steele doing for that 5th goal 😂😂😂 can't believe I got 66/1 on this pile of crap being relegated & 12/1 bottom half finish
Shouldn't have left blackburn🤣
Waghorn doing it again against his team
Its trending cuz Sunderland were at the top and now lost 5-2 wow
wat happend to sunderland
CYOB
My auntie will be happy...
Sunderland is a joke of a club. Goodbye Sunderland , being in the premiere league is history for you guys. You guys will never make it back. Oh and BTW, I'm a man u fan and I miss the guaranteed 6points every season. Anyway seems like crystal palace will be more than happy to hand out this service.
3º Goooaaaaaal Yes! Incredible!!! Ipswich Run to 1º
mountain was renamed in honour of Barack Obama.\nMount Obamas height is 1318 feet.\nNot 1317 or 1319 but 1318 feet.\n\nRevelation 13:18\n \nHere is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.\n\nMount Obama sits opposite Christian valley or you could say it opposes it.\n\nThe Lord obviously wants believers aware Obama is the Antichrist, combined with the word of God id say this is rock solid proof\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Z1jzO_cYb_U\n\n\nRevelation 13:18\n \nHere is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.\n\nRevelation 7:4\n\nAnd I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of Israel.\n\nWhilst doing some research on #antichristobama i was amazed to find the following calculation.\n\nWe know Obama was born on August the 4th which is the 216th day of the year.\n\nIf we take the 144000 witnesses who will be Obamas worst enemies on the earth besides the 2 witnesses and divide the 144000 by  216 it works out at\n666.666666666\nSo thats FOUR sets of 666 if ever there was a doubt.\nOr\nDivide 144000 by 666 which works out at 216.216216216\n\nSo many pointers to Obama being Mr Lightning from Heaven.\n\n\nBARACK BUSTED IN REVELATION 13:18\n[url]https://youtu.be/8fNSR7yAIvo[/url]
How on earth to Millwall have higher odds on promotion than Ipswich
Subscribe to me for great content 😎
People visit the support channel offline, happy everyone happy day
Sunderland fans 10, Ipswich fans 1. SAFC were thrashed 5-2 but the away end sang for 90 minutes. Never experienced such a lame home crowd. It's like they're in the waiting room at the doctors – until they score the fifth! Aldershot would make more noise away at Carlisle.
How is this trending? Oooh right Ipswich actually won a match 😂😂 *OTBC!!*
How come the ground is so empty 😂😂😂😂
#Liverpool FC/#Ipswich Town FC
Subscribe to me for great content 😎
I know 1M views doesn't mean my voice has been amplified that much, but there are a lot of people that deserve millions of people's attention more than myself.\nThus, I encourage anyone who would like to do so, to donate to help out the regions impacted by recent natural disasters. Links below and comment ones you trust, too. Have a good day homies.\nPUERTO RICO RELIEF: http: //unidosporpuertorico.com/en/\nHURRICANE IRMA RELIEF IN GENERAL: https://www.globalgiving.org/projects/hurricane-irma-relief-fund/\nHURRICANE HARVEY RELIEF: https: //www.gofundme.com/traethatruthweareonehurricaneharvey
I want VaynerMedia to rap back their response, either way.
I did something similar in a Taco Bell but they told me to get out
https://youtu.be/78zHdbfw4Vk\n\nvisit all music lovers here fast
Wow I love this item. http://amzn.to/2xJYbzw
That IT bar hard.
That was legit cool. I thought it was gonna be stupid but i was proved wrong
It's like he loses the job not because he's rapping but because the boss thought his rapping sucked!
Copyright infringement aside, a pretty creative idea for finding a job. Shit... he has over a million views with this video alone.
Oh give him a job because he's a rapping black dude! But does he qualify?
DID GARY HIRE YOU OR WHAT!?
Read this as RAPING FOR A JOB AT VAYNERMEDIA
Was the guy who posted this on Reddit really your friend
Maybe get a real skill you fucking loser
You should be a rapper you will make millions
U probaly got more money on this vid then the job anyways that was fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I hate the part at 1:16
Forget the job, write an album
we can speak Gary's language ..... #HireDKIRK
So where was he applying and did he get the job
Check out these tracks!! Follow me @Officialtyse http://www.soundcloud.com/officialtyse
This was wack. I don't think he got the job....he fucked up Humble...fire dis nigga....
I woulda sent a rap back telling you why your song was irrelevant and why a song doesn't prove that you could perform the job better than anyone
My house burned down because of this
white boy feet videos on my channel check it out!!!!!! 👣👣👣👣
Damn, you know what your side job should be homie!
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
What the fuck was that?
jesus that was a stupid idea
I got I got\nI got I got\n\nInternship on internship \nInside my resume\n\nIn that visual\nCommunications\nI got BFA\n\nEvery time I get\nBehind computer \nI make a soufflé\n\nI can fix your\nHomie website\n\nI can even \nIllustrate\n\nWasn't born \nWith this\n\nI've grown \nWith this\n\nThroughout my\nEducation\n\nI perform \nWith this\n\nOn daily basis\nI be detonating\n\nFor my job\nAt casino\n\nGreat bambino\nWith a mouse\n\nStill live at \nMy mama house\n\nBut I'm cool\nWith moving out\n\nTo the big apple \nWorking for you\n\nYea I'm cool \nWith that\n\nI already got\nA mac \n\nMight as well \nBe there on the \nMap\n\nYou should\nHire me not\nSimply because\n\nI emailed \nAn inquiry \n\nBut cause it\nAin't a secret \n\nYou won't find\nThis in a diary \n\nThat I'm a hard\nWorker and you\nCan criticize\n\nAnd I won't \nTake it personal\n\nI know there's\nRoom to rise\n\nI hope this \nEmphasized \n\nThat for the\nJob I'm fit\n\nAnd if you're \nPennywise\n\nThen you'll \nRealize I'm\nReally it\n\nIt's legit\nNever Quit \n\nI'm a different \nApplicant\n\nI'm a real\nCounterpuncher\n\nI'm not a\nCounterfeit\n\nYes I'm cruising \nFor a bruising\n\nI know winning \nComes with\nLosing\n\nBut enough of\nMy lips moving\n\nHire me Let's \nGet to proving\n\n-Gone-
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Want to know how I make $1,000+ a month doing the most simple thing possible? Click the link below to find out! \n\nhttp://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=30205
I just sent a tweet to Gary and DKirk let's see if they reply
why did the Vatican build the world's largest infrared telescope and name it Lucifer? BC it's almost home. Planet x is the depopulation method. Oceans are receding BC the earth is tilted. This monster is tugging on our shoulder. Look for yourself. Use your platform to warn people.
Did you get the job?
So... did you get the job?
GIVE THIS MAN THE JOB
Old white guys who own the companies will love this.....enjoy the unemployment line!
Better than 99% of rap song out there
I really hope you get the job bro. This is such an innovative way to reach your goals, keep it up!
Sorry But We Don't Hire *Niggers*
I wouldn't hire him. lol. This is cute though.
Later on he worked at Burger King
Did you get the job? I hope you do, but you know if you miss that opportunity then you are gonna have plenty others now with this newfound fame
The cring level is killing me🔫
If I saw this I would immediately hire him no question!
My Queen! Your Queen! On here!!!https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NWH85qhrdoY
U should start a team and teach us and train us so then we can become a force! I would leave to learn this is GENNNIIIUUSSS
and if you're pennywise then you'll realize I'm it 🔥🔥
Simply awesome. If Gary doesn't hire you, I will.
Someone give this man a job
getting 1 million people to look at this video and recognize the company... not bad already bringing a lot to the table
Not only was this phenomenal, the lyrics and delivery was surprisingly smooth! I hope Gary Vee hired you for your creativity.
Keep it up 👏🏽 # the grind don't stop
Gary gave this dude the job when he saw the title on trending
meh it's not bad
WHERE'S GARY? SOMEONE GET GARY OVER HERE
But did he get the job?
Why does everyone need to parody K-Dot? Just because he's the current g.o.a.t?
This is so fire it reminds me of\n\n\n\n\nITS EVERYDAY BRO WITH THAT DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW!!! AYO LOGANG WHATS POPPING!!!!
I'm starting a international protest if this man don't get hired.
Well did it work?
This is literally THE BEST thing I've read / heard this month!!! Hope Kendrick himself hires you x
This inspired the hell outta me.\nI'm pulling for you fam!
That for the job I'm fit...and if you're pennywise then youll realize I'm really it 😩💯🔥
I raped the replay button like this rap raped my ears
Cool?....
This is cancer
https://www.realtalkcityshop.com/products/pendant-dumbbell-necklace-jewelry
FIRE🔥🔥🔥
God bless you!!!
Reddit
RAPPING 101
#HiredAF
your Hired!! https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/cannons-single/id1148350213
Guaranteed this guy got hired!
Hodgetwins voice: he gone man, he gone..
BOOM!!!
Cringed
@api hey 😶😶😶🙄🤘
Yo Kendrick gotta react to this 😂
Yo Check This Out \n\n\nhttps://youtu.be/qyVqYts4vCM
dude i would hire you
So...did he get hired?
Damn.
this is fuckery
https://francoistremblay.wordpress.com/2017/03/17/i-like-my-life-therefore-antinatalism-is-false/\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/4zmp04/why_is_antinatalism_so_popular/\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/antinatalism/comments/4stic4/the_best_argument_ive_read_so_far_against/
this trash is view botted
Cringe
https://youtu.be/HV7HKQrKNNQ
Somebody hire this man!!
Hired!!!
Use ur own beat
GET THAT JOB BABBYY 🔥🔥
Dectication - Nba Youngboy (Freestyle) ‼️‼️‼️
Lol
LAME!
Agnez Mo @agnezmoofficialvevo #agnezxmo | you'll love her anyway
This guy have a big future ahead of him I can see him make a rap song about how to make a sandwiches and get million of view
McDonald’s must’ve loved this
So vegans are bad for the planet and I should keep eating meat? Got it.
For all the people mentioning hydroponics as a solution: It doesn't solve the problem that nutrients aren't being recycled.
This self sustaining system dose not exist on a large scale. Or world wide scale
Ok, so stop breeding in excess of two children per two adults
It's not easy to switch crops it will consume a lot of land and give a small harvest it will also attract more pest to the land so I don't think farmers will adopt it very quickly specially in India
So when we mow the grass, we harvest off wheat ears?  Makes sense to me.
Trump 2020.  Make America great again, again!
2:16 I want a fruit vac
its a go green commercial
Better idea: Use gene editing to grow meat on trees. And no, I am not joking.
Yep, vegans are destroying the planet.  That's what happens when a bunch of people force themselves into an unnatural diet.  Honestly, though, if people would stop freaking out so much about synthetic foods, we would not have problems like this at all.
Oh shit Interstellar is coming closer and closer to us
Piss off hippies. I will run my big ass truck all I want
Holy shit, someone better tell the thousands of generations of farmers since antiquity that a science YouTube channel has it all figured out.
The name for what this video is about is permaculture.
Well I'll be dead who cares
This is going to fail spectacularly if anyone tries to adapt this to a larger scale than what would be required to sustain a small township. Not saying it isn't a great idea, just saying it ain't feasible at this point. Not sure if they've noticed but creating thriving self-replenishing eco-systems is really, really hard and keeping a precise balance that maximizes our food output against competition from the symbiotic flora and fauna, as well as pest species, would be a whole new kind of complicated and labor intensive on a large scale. Upside is it would probably create a lot of unskilled jobs in the agricultural sector as it would make the high volume use of pesticides and herbicides nigh impossible due to the risk of harming the species that you want to keep around, meaning you will need people out there targeting specific problem areas until we can replace them with drones. Unfortunately that means your already inflated grocery bill is gonna grow a lot bigger.\n\nThis is going to look great on paper and in small scale experiments, it's definitely going to have its partisans.
One day we may have to switch to genetically engineered algae with all of the essential proteins and nutrients in it grown in large vats and shape to look like normal food kind of like what they do with tofu. That's just an idea
Current farming techniques are seriously damaging to the environment, sure. But the problem we face is that any proposed replacement technique will need to produce an equal or greater amount of food within the same time-frame, or huge numbers of people will starve to death. I've seen lots of neat, eco-friendly ideas talked about, but many of them just can't guarantee that they'll be worth the investment of time and resources they would require. We can't afford the death-toll that would result if we changed the systems we know will keep us fed, only for the new idea to fall short. Unfortunately this is a problem that is likely to remain with us for a long time. Looking to nature for ideas is great, but the environment doesn't produce the amount of food we need naturally. The real issue is that Humanity seems to have grown beyond nature's capacity.
Hi, I am a farmer and I just wanted to say that farmers are working on this. There are some farmers that are not changing but many, especially young farmers, are coming up with ways to solve many of these problems. I do not think perennial crops for grain production is the answer. I do believe cover crops and inter seeded cover crop in between annual cash crops like corn and sunflowers are the future. Thanks for the interest in this. I suggest watching any of Gabe Brown's videos on his system if you are interested in what is currently being done.  Thanks
As a farmer (of course I watch YouTube while on my self driving tractor), I can confirm this is an accurate video. \nLots of people working on applying new and old solutions to some huge problems. \nI'm making improvements as fast as I can justify the expense of crop failure when trying new things.
Farming is as broken as Donald Trump's mind
Never take more than you can give back.
But growing use-plants alongside other plants makes these others weed, which are bad for when it's harvested and needs to be sorted through.
The world won't be here in 10000 years dumb bitch.
It's an idea they got from Africa. Not to say that Africans were completely aware of it either, but I think it should be noted.
I propose a more wide spread use of birth control and condoms for starters.
We need to focus on the monopoly-like hold some tractor suppliers use on farmers. Companies like John Deere will not let their farmers tinker or work on their own tractors using a product or sensor that forces it to shutdown if such a thing is detected. They can only have repairs done by the company. Some farmers have contacted hacked to break through these barriers. Farmers can't use the products they buy and own fully..it's disgusting.
So... every farmer needs to buy 5 times as much land and spend 10 times the amount of time to harvest the same amount of crops.. \nDoesn't seem like something farmers would just do. Actually, it sounds like horrible business.
The plague 2.0 will wash us out an then we will start again...
Nature is starting to feel the repercussions of mankind's free will.
Little correction:\nThe Neolithic Revolution was about 10000 B.C, not 10000 years ago. \nI know, thats not really important, but it triggered me^^
Farming is STILL in early access, ugh!
This video fails to address the single issue preventing this model from working : money.  Factory farms have investors (think pension funds, not just individuals) who want a high rate of return on their investment. They will not accept a lower dividend just because we want them to ( and if they did you would not get to retire). The also aggressively inovate to outcompete the competition (small farms). The low wages of many households force the majority of the population to purchase the factory farmed goods. Unless you are advocating a return to slavery, i don't see how this could work. Consumers cannot afford a price hike, and increased manpower requirements for this type of farming will result in farm workers getting paid even less than they do now...
Go Vegan :-)
MOAR GENE EDITING
Partially cofunded by Monsanto!
@ 0:55 - “Gene editing”\n*Another Monsanto GMO propaganda video.*
Human population numbers should decline.
farming is OP?
MAKE FARMING GREAT AGAIN
Orrrrrrr, investigate space and find a planet with good soil and living environment :D
One major issue is that grains are not exactly efficient for space or resources. For example, potatoes are probably more efficient.  Wheat actually does have an advantage:hay. Hay can feed livestock(which are inefficient anyways)or make insulation.
Actually we came up with a plan to farm when God told Adam he had too.
This is comical. They assume that thousands of years from now we will still be growing food in dirt.\nThe daily food energy requirements of a human is less than that in a cup of gasoline, or less than 3kwh - $0.30. We will eventually synthesize our food for a small fraction of the present cost with no need for land or fertilizers.
Back to nature, food forest picnic, rewilding with extra goods.
Dumb Title: It should be, LIBERAL FARMING\nand with that comes many falsehoods....
Many places here in Germany also have the problem of monocultures. Near my uncle's place in Brandenburg there is almost only Corn, Year after Year, aft Year. It's because they have many Bio Gas plants, so they use Corn to make Biomass.\nMy dad is a farmer and said that you have to change the type of crop on the field every one to three years.
or we just dump our human flesh bodies and put ourbrains in a robot and we are robots. its easy! :D
If you made all this possible, WE, ALL FARMERS, WE, THE PEOPLE, for our children, for us, for our grandparents, then the Interstellar plot will not be possible. Ever.
But how do you harvest a polyculture on a massive scale?
Everyone should have an own garden with permaculture. It would solve many problems.
And you think GMO empire-companies will just hand you this freedom of not using their seeds each and every year? Seeds resistant to their pesticides? Seeds that yield ginormus amounts of food for us to throw in the landfill after we ate our full?  \nI say nope...
Aeroponic + Solar Panels = Earth is my city!
Grow your own food, or at least some of it.  These options listed in the video will make food prices skyrocket.  Also, gene editing is messing with stuff we shouldn't in my opinion (monsanto crap)
by the time the depletion of resources like phosporous becomes a problem, we will have nuclear fusion to produce the becessary elements to replenish. Likewise, we'll be able to produce soil mimicking the natural soil etc.
Sounds like less food for the more people to come, maybe a different technique and have buildings with ecosystems that have a couple floors to harvest twice as much with the same idea you have with the same perimeter of land today. Maybe have water work with gravity showering the top floors so less water waste as well (plants that need less water the closer to the lowest floor you go).
[sarcasm] This is why we all need to go vegan!\nThis is a much needed, informative video that explains to vegans that you can't just stop growing feed for animals and grow food for humans instead. One of the biggest lies the slash & burn cult tells people.
This has some very nice ideas in it but only relying on the fact of making perennials is very unrealistic.  \n\nLook at alfalfa. It is naturally a perennial and has many qualities that help it survive more then one year. Including the fact that it slowly digs its stem deeper into the soil to save it from damaging temperatures in the winter. Though alfalfa is adapted to growing like this, every two years you need to dig it up and plant new crops. After the first year only 80% survive to grow the next year. Each year at last 20% of the crop will not grow. After three years you would have around 30-50% of the original crop making it highly unrealistic to have in the long run. \n\nWhen you make crops perennial after they are annual they have even more problems than  this.  Though the idea is nice, Agriculture has been fine turning the process of farming for a long time.  Variety between farmers and crops is a necessity. I can see this as something good for some people out there but it cannot sustain more yield than what is already being made to feed the world.
Countries should do this.
Farming skill hasnt been updated in thousands of years, developers pls launch a hotfix
Ok, so... Farming is broken because it naturally tends towards entropy, but the solution is that farm land naturally restores itself... So it's not broken...
We have a family homestead and raise some of our own food and animals too! Come check us out!
Production team contains of 3 Reichs and 1 Salazar....
The problem with growing perennial crops as of now is the urgency to harvest in huge bulks, large scale harvesting machines came along, hence wiping out all vegetation on its way, and replanting becomes an unavoidable process. Small scale farming (like personal backyard gardens) is the only solution to combat this.
but any land spent putting trees or non-human consuming plants is land which can't be used to grow human consuming plants, it's hard to sell lower your yields so we don't run out of resources long after you're dead
Soooooo... you couldn't just drop the word permaculture ANYWHERE in the video to raise awareness that the futuristic solution you're talking about already exists???
This is so genial. But to feed the world population this method needs to be more efficient in practice and be more cheap and accessible for consumers all over the world. We need to see if plant in this way can be more cheap than the way we plant nowadays.
For those of you wondering about vertical farming: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISAKc9gpGjw
Beware of unintended consequences the crops will end up needing more of everything you hate the most chemical inputs. Farming is a business and markets determine all decisions made.
Always a fear based sales pitch. Can't they sell things any other way?
Taking natural ecosystems as an example of self-sustaining... oh, that's basically everything that we work hard to avoid: population control, predators, starvation, pandemics...
Robots that cheaply harvest wild plants without over harvesting would be cool. Could it feed everyone?
How the fuck you harvest 100s of miles when it's mixed plants everywhere.
the Omnivore's Dilemma talks about a solution to this that doesn't need new tech but is more old fashioned.  The farmers call themselves grass farmers and they rotate the animals though the fields so they don't get over grazed the same can be done with crops.
I have a question.  30 seconds in it is stated that water levels and aquifers are falling fast and not being replenished. Where is all of the water going?
Please help me so that I can get $ 1,000,000\nI would like to re-use your video offline\nThank you very much\nplease support me
Well the problem with the resource shortage arise not because we're farming for direct human consumption, but to feed livestock. Yes, we feed corn to cows (WTF?). We do that not because corn feeding is cheaper, but because people want that fat, juicy cows and don't like the taste of grass fed cows. Based on your explanation, simple grass feeding solves every problem. Grass holds the soil by itself. It stays in the ground and regenerates when cows eat the top layer of the grass. Cows shit on the grass, giving it natural fertilization. We don't do whole lot of grass feeding cows because it takes longer to fatten and people love that juicy, fattened beef full of white stuff in it.
We should just starve all the liberals
Just got to kill all the Americans 👍
Thank you for defending gene therepy in food!!! Dumbasses have no fucking idea that much of the food we eat today was not the same 60 years ago. Fuck corn was a prarie grass before thousands of years of human cultivation changed it. It just today it no longer takes that long.
Future humans can go fuck them self for all i care.
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
10,000 BC there were 2 million humans inhabitating this world.\nToday there are 7.4 billion!\nIf we took the methods of hunting and gathering and apply them for todays population , meaning multiplying it by 3,400, the ecosystems at this world would collapse. \n\nYou have a new idea for farming? show in the vidieo the comparisson for the productivity of for land area in this method and in conventional agriculture. Without this, there is no reason for this video.
Have tried turning farming off and on again ?
As a farmer most of what is in the video I agree with. I'm not sure how realistic perennial crops are. When the same crop is grown consistently on the same land year after year, Soil borne diseases become more prevalent like 'take all' which is a risk when the crop is taking the same nutrients out of the soil year after year.
VEGANS!!!! Eating all the plants.
fifteen thousand years ago
Moist
Globalist bullshit get off my trending Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
So... Permaculture.
This was truly amazing.
valve pls fix
Uh... let them eat cake?
*Sponsored by Monsanto.
how about algae.
The answers is Permaculture
perennial harvesting sounds interesting... try pitching the idea to Monsanto...\nbut seriously, perennial crops do sound cool
NWO and vegan burn confirmed
Idea,kill the weak and dumb,if you are  the weak or dumb, get killed and your bodily nutrients get recycled for the farm that the strong control.over time there will be two kinds of humans that are not allowed to mix,the strong build cities and farm,the smart control goverment and money,the strong and smart are the top people that do complex working tasks such as build rockets for the colonies to other planets.the strong will be able to vote and be paid the same as the smart,they will just have the labor intensive jobs.this is my ideal goverment and world.
I speak Swahili and can confirm this is definitely 100% real.
I can confirm this is real. Source:  I speak German.
I speak london, this totally real.
I speak fluent diarrhea an can therefore confirm this is real.
I speak Diego and i can confirm this is 100% real.
These never get boring lol
I'm Icelandic and I confirm this is 100% real
I speak dothraki. This is real.legit
I speak arabic can confirm this is 100% deigo costa
I speak gibberish this is 100% real
I speak twi and i can confirm this is real.
I can speak Persian Greek Sanskrit Aramanic and many other oldest languages and i can confirm that this is real
The last part was real
I speak Hind and can confirm this is real. Also, i can cook spaghetti
Discription is way too funny😂😂.....Liverpool's defence is truly a joke
This won't be a very entertaining video for any Spanish people watching.
I speak this is an overused joke and can confirm you need to stop using it.
I can’t see but I can confirm this is real even though I can’t hear
I speak and I can confirm.
i speak sdfapoihsefnasdf and i can confirm this is 100% sdfhlasjhdfjhwf
I understand laughter.. I can assure you that conte was laughing.
R all the interviews real
CONTE IS AN ABSOLUTE SON OF A BITCH!
i can confirm this is real i speak malay
I speak English and I can confirm this is a 100% real
I can speak alien's and this is 100% real
I can't even speak and this is 100% real lol😂
fake! he is talking about juve
I speak dick. This is real talk
I Speak England is my city snd can defo confirm that this is 100% real
I can speak tagalog yeah its fucking real
I speak east London and I can confirm this is 100% accurate
i have translated what he said and it's true about his statement about griezmann ridiculous blonde hairstyle
I speak Mayan and this is true.
This 100% real! I speak Russians and i can confirm it!
I speak Potao And this is 99% real
Diego costa didn't say anything about transfer
no one can understand what he is talking about. I am glad we are done with his bs at Chelsea fc he is a headache
I speak greek and i can confrirm this is 100% real
Look at the description, it's a great description imo
I speak orc tongue, I can confirm this is real. 100%
What a crazy edit this is.... I couldnt stop laughing... so clean.. Kudos
i speak malay and can confirm this is definitely 100% real.
I speak Icelandic and can confirm this is true
I speak nick Compton can conform 100% real
I speak german, english and french and I can still confirm this is 101% real
Not funny at all
Just came here to read the comments.
I speak confirm and I spanish this!
I speak spaghetti. This is 100% legit.
This has been the best one
I speak American I can confirm this is 200% fake.
I'm fluent in Brazilian and can confirm this is 100% real
I like this
ronald koeman out
fake
Is this real
😂😂😂
I speak Targaryen so I can confirm, that this is 100% real
Unreal
I love this
Fake
Fake
wtf
Last laugh for Antonio
first
First
Hi
First
i speak dhdhsgsgbb i confirm its real
Fakeeeee
C mamut
😂
Fake
The disclaimer though😆
Legit 100%
JAJAJA que mal traducido esta no dice nada de lo puesto en el video
Mierda, que raro se siente seguir la convesacion en español y leer que dice otra cosa en ingles xD
Thte part with Morata and Torres didnt even mention them
I guess he's ri8. As they say the opinion of the old men is always better than that of the others.
bwaaaaaaaaaahahhaahahahahhaHHHHHAAAAAAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAA IM DIEYING !!!!!!!
This is so fake
I HATE THIS FAKE VIDEOS.
Great fake translate talksport keep it up to be a liar 👍👍👍
This is all lies
Haha get outta here... fake😂
This guy knows how to entertain in interviews cause he will tell it like it is and give details in every situation he talks about
50 Cent finally has Beats Headphones on 😂 I know he had no choice since its what they provided for him to use on that Radio Show
Fuck flex..Come to Hot 97 they let you talk
Yo! Your videos are too long to not have timestamps.
Rosenberg just displayed bad journalism. Put words in 50's mouth, [Trump] is terrible, [right]? Also, Ebro too. Kanye was at Trump Tower and in the elevator returning from a 5 min closed-doors meeting, upstairs. He wasn't just in the lobby. Though maybe I'm wrong, that's just what I saw/interpreted from the news and paper coverage of it.
End of the day, good interview.
Fif will ALWAYS be a Hip-Hop legend💯
🦀 ass nigga, let them crackers pump n up to promote the fuc shyt...
50 is pretty smart. Wish he never fell off, hoping he'll make good music again… but you can tell that he's a real asshole lol
My boy 50 cent and I saw him in person his body is really that good and his teeth is really that white!
Tales from the ouija- who got the juice
I don't fuck wit Ebro. But he speaking the truth.
50's wrong alot of people bump 4:44 I heard it playing almost everywhere
We need a G-Unit reunion GGG unit Ebro bring Cuban links and Hot 97
What is Colgate waiting on? Sponsor this man. His teeth are impeccable. lol
Fuck Ebro, Everyday Struggle is the shit, 50 is still the GOAT...fuck Wale and Vic \n#chatNiggaz unite 🙌
Monsta he pays boi betta be cool 4 he see the real monsta
50s music is utter garbage but hes a smart dude
The south completely took over after 50/ja rule beef
Fifty is sO frickin smart that he's on a whole different  level than Ebro and his cracker club. 😄😄😄😄
hip hop is youth culture...he right,but that's some bullshit that's got to change!...every other genre can have mature themes and records with something to say and artists that do what people do...and grow up...but we gotta stay immature and stupid??...why?
50 will always be the realest 🙏🏼
Trump never changed tho... he was an asshole from the rip... if nothing else about him you can say he didnt switch up
The old 50 almost came out after the 8:00. HAHA.........50
50cent always claps himself..always so hilarious to watch. Enjoyed every moment
I see what 50 is saying with the Hov album! However, I just don't agree with what he saying. Fifty saying basically that Jay need a club song that the young people can listen to. That he need a record that the kids can relate to. I say if the young kids don't get what Jay was saying on the 4:44 album then oh well. Jay can make any type of record now because of the work he has put in. One of his best album to date if you ask me
Damn... 50 explained it perfectly... it's a great record but not a hit record...
50 is so full of it. He will admit to pulling the trigger, but then deny firing the shot. He knows he's the reason NY fell.
they edit the shit out of the 50 and ebro killing hip hop part..smh
What's the part about mayweather pls
that future line, why? i think it was a learning moment No. LMAO.
Why are Eminem and Dr Dre not as outspoken as 50?
why I love 50 he's just a funny guy
50 cent and ebro fight who y'all got ya money on?
No Fifty, Angie try to stay cop esthetic with everyone and scare AF to step on anyones toes. Her whole career is interviews! She will always suck toes but will never step on them!
7:14 His look switched up... luv this guy 🤘
50central will be the new living color
50 don't got music that you not going to listen to 10 years from now you can go back and listen to ja rule and Ashanti music and it just takes        you back they got timeless hits so yes 50 won the hip hop beef but is got classic 2000s hits
50 Cent is a legend. Anybody who disagree's does not know hip-hop culture.
patiently waiting on a track to explode on
That was such a good interview you can see the genuine respect they both have for each other even after they have such a different opinion on who killed New York rappers from coming out.  It's just nice to see the passion they both share for the culture.
Welp!  So I was driving with friend, but I accidentally grab his leg instead of gearstick. We both laughed and I unzip his pants. Then I parked the car while I fondle his balls. He is laughing because he knows it's just a joke. Then I started sucking his dick in this empty parking lot. Almost choke on it because I'm laughing so hard. He is also laughing his ass off. He starts yelling BROJOB BROJOB CHOO CHOO He cums and I swallow it all like some stupid f*ggot. I kiss him and call him a f*ggot while laughing.  I love playing pranks on my friends. Ha
Why do they say Trump is a terrible guy ?
Why you still talking about Jay ? Nigga because you asked the fucking question smh clown
Ebro is a real one.
You ever notice that Fifty voice fades down every time he speaks.  \nIt starts off clear then it fades down and you can't understand the last word he says.
Ebro is such a bitch bruh. this nigga been the man who spins records. How is a gatekeeper going to blame a nigga that's tryna get in the gate for ruining hip hop.
And now he got beats on.....smh
Thing is if it's youth driven J is respected but he not in the streets anymore kid's  now day's on some other shit that we as older cat's can't understand .J new album is for a more mature audience .
A nice display of agreeing to disagree. I have to applaud that. Good shit guys!
Why didn't he check Peter for saying he didn't have talent?
Ebro is a bum. Nicki showed support yesterday to Cardi. She had no choice. She would've looked like a hater otherwise.\nAlso why go at Jay? y'all never had anything\n....my nigga....has this bay area nigga never heard of I'm about a dollar, what the fuck is 50 cent
BAHAHA \nEBRO, NOBODY GIVES A FUCK BOUT YOU. WE COME FOR THE ARTISTS. YOURE NOT AN ARTIST. \nCOULD BE A FUCKIN STUFFED PANDA IN YOUR CHAIR. WOULDNT MAKE A DIFFERENCE.... GTFOH....
i trust police too
new 50 upcoming star check her out....:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSyJCGPl0j8&feature=youtu.be
50 Still got barz don't sleep, great work on cookin up 50 Central 💖💛💚
Buggiest thing tough is he keeps it mad real
You say you a gangsta..
Somebody needs to ask fifty if you would or could allow another fifty cent type to come up under him? Is that too much alpha in one space?
I’m from south side lol I remember days in second grade walking to PS 30 early in the morning you’d hear get rich , the massacre blasting up and down baisley or Guy R Brewer lol ... and the business aspect he has makes 50 even more of an icon
He like the Mike Tyson of Hip Hop, savage
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=2729 5$ a click really adds up
All im saying had some part of killing ny hip hop
i noticed how 50cent talked over the Stack bundles commemt that Ebro said if stack bundles was alive he would of out shine 50cent
27*LO*LIFE*ENT*030*NOR*LAS*745*SINFUL*HABITS*420*SMOKED*OUT*27\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olc6qivnCgM\n                               BECAUSE FUCK YOU!!! THAT'S WHY!!!
There's never a 50 Cent interview I don't like. 50 always slick talking, drop gems here and there, funny dude, and his business moves always motivate me.
I’m sorry EBRO, but 50 made hip hop in New York, he didn’t destroy it, even the West Coast was bumping his music. 50 ran hip hop with his debut and sophomore albums. That’s facts, why y’all so mad? Lmao embrace 50! He the 🐐
50 cent is a don in life...he has a great mind.
50 a ledge on so many levels
Big ego Ebro
50 really thinks he knows everything smh.
39:00 Floyd Mayweather Conor McGregor your welcome
Ebro looks like a comfy teddy bear lol ❤️
50 real.
50 dissed P on the low
Yea right, another lying **************
Queens!
stay watching 50 interviews
Rosenberg looks like a gangster Murr from impratical jokers ahhh hahaha
fif u2big2go back n forth with these bums
50 The Big Bro.
Black excellance
THAT N.O.R.E  ALBUM WAS CRAZZZY
Riot In Peace Stack Bundles Sssquad Up!!
Integrity has no price.
This is great
gggg gunit
great interview
Maaaaan niggas been sleeping on big homie 5th 😷
Ebro exposed 50 for threatening to have him beat up😂😅😂😅😂😅😂😅😂😅😂😅😂😅😅😂
50 cent should own HOT 97
50 a legend
Stacks G - Finessin Bands (Youtube)\n- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzcV0AN1nvc\nStacks G – Finessin Bands (SoundCloud)\n- https://soundcloud.com/user-309195197/stacks-g-finessin-bands\nStacks G – Focused (SoundCloud)\n- https://soundcloud.com/user-309195197/focused\nCheck’em Out!! Hottest Music Out
26:29
Game bodied g unit
Ebro to corny
Ebro a hoe.
rosenburg lost weight
50 is hella funny bro!
Niggas!
The only thing I don't like about them is their celebration
Do a video with Manchester United!
It's not fucking Soccer it's football u dickheads
Real madrid next whos with me like
Real madrid in spain
I think you should do carrom trickshots
Please subcribe to my channel BJ WYW
Film with shahid afridi
Real madrid
FINALLY, soccer....after like 3 dam years
Tailer is the best
Do a vid with Liverpool fc
Real madrid or manchester united
new york yankee for base ball trick shot
Film with FC BARCELONA NEXT
When Cahill shoots like that , that's when you realise how many retakes it takes
Wow it's amazing all of you are really dude perfect
How did i get here im watching DUDE DECENT
next one play with manchester united
Put in Ronaldo and Messi  And Nemar Jr THe world best plzzzzzzzz
Please make Next video of karate
Film with Manchester United, please😃
Film with real Madrid
Do a all sports arcarde battle with giant arcade games
It's soccer football in the uk
with Manchester United next
You should film with fcb, with the best player in the world, Leo Messi
How about to film with notch the creater of minecraft and play it in real life
Come to Australia to film with an AFL team🇦🇺🏉
I think dude perfect is best and next u need a cricketer for your next video
Make a video with Barcelona I love Messi plz
A Rugby club in the UK for sure. Like Bath or Saracens
Manchester united football club
how next video with real madrid? like if you agree
Stop over hyping shit fuck me. A lot of people on the world can hit these shots. Despite that they're cool and in the moment with mates, very fun. You don't have to keep going YEEEEEAAAAHHHHH OMG OMG YEAHAHAHHHH Like fuck off you money grabbing cunts
Next vid with Manchester united
next video with fc B
Film with FC Dallas
Try to film with Barcelona
Who else thought the goalie goal was going in the other goal?
The New Zealand Rugby Team
Make a video with juventus
Make a video with cricket teams
Next video with barcelona
Do one with the packers
You should film with Real Madrid
Please make a video with WWE superstars 🙏🙏🙏🙏. Please it wil be awsome
Make a video with the San Fransisco Giants
Do a epic battle of f2 and dp
If you want real football trickshots film with the F2
You guys should film next with Stephen Curry
Would love to see you guys to a video with Steve Nash and have both soccer and basketball trick shots in it
With the Pittsburg penguins
Not Chelsea
Go play floorball ft mikko kohonen
cricket team plzz
Rory mcilroy
post with real Madrid plsssssss
With real madrid
My name is humaid
Dude, this is perfect.
B,B,Q stereotypes
Do your next vid with niel degrass tyson!
Ohhhhhh
do a AFL tickshot
Man city
next with real madrid ronaldo
Dude it's perfect
Real madrid
Barcelona
Rugby trickshots w/beuden Barrett
Ac Milan Please
Boomerang trickshots.
nice style dude perfect👍👍👍👍👍💕
cricket trick shots
Next Liverpool
Play with Manchester United pleaseeeee
Make a floorball trickshot vid
Chelsea are alright
What's soccer?
Real Madrid
Do soccer trick shot with real madird
Pittsburgh Penguins
PSG neymar mbappe and cavani
Film Real Madrid players
F2
film with liverpool
Ronaldo
Domino Trickshots, or my suggestion below, Domino Editon.
FC Barcelona
Toronto maple leaves
next video cricket
Real Madrid
Film with the F2
england football team
Psg Barcelona or Manchester United
Real Madrid
do badminton man
Try firework trick shots?
You guys should do an office tour vid after a couple of battle wins to see who has the most trophies
YouTube boy band please
Love the intro hello everyone i'm in a field 😂😂 YAY BANDS BACK TOGETHER
I’m joe at 5:16. Everyone’s in a group then there’s joe on his own awkwardly standing 😂😂
2:30 Cheeky jim
“If you weren’t already pregnant?” What sort of line is that? Hahaha 😂
I miss jims vlogs they were my favourite
I WANT MORE OF THE YOUTUBE BOYBAND!!
Squad goals! ♥️\n\nMarcus Peeing and y'all cheering was hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂
So glad everyone is back together again! 😢😄😙❤
I don't know why, but jim reminds me so much of dad😂?
Marcus vlogged tom in his speedos so don't know if keeping him secret worked haha looks like it's going to be really good
I wish i could come to hello world!!
I can't wait for tan and Jim to have a baby
33rd comment woo ! And Jim you make the whole world smile
Who here's going to jims book signing?❤️ I am💗
I missed them together!!
1
first
Why isn't Tanya going to be there?
2013 feels
I'm fairly sure the campervan in HTR wasn't left hand drive. It also had the newer style white/yellow registration whereas this one had the pre-1973 style black back with white print. \n\nCool vlog.
The special guest that's top secret that's in one of the last clips ;) hahaha
TOM DALEY WAS THERE OH MY 😍
This video made me so Happy!
I love your vlogs a loooot. Please vlog more!
That car reminds me of Little Miss Sunshine! ☀️
I enjoyed the video.  You guys together are interesting and entertaining. Thank you Jim.
this makes me so happy.
DON'T TEASE US ABOUT THE BAND! 😭
Jim now that the book is finished, are you getting back on the vlog grind? The return of Jim?
Louise's reaction to marcus peeing was hilarious. I love her laugh 😂
Cant wait to see you at Hello World ❤❤✌😜
CAN'T WAIT FOR HELLO WOULD!!!🎉🔥❤
You're still my favourite
Hi everybody! I hope you're all having a lovely day! I am a new YouTuber and have just uploaded a new video - quick and easy hairstyles! It would mean the world to me if you could go and watch it, give me some tips or tell me what you thought of my video - but most of all, enjoy my videos! Thank you so much!! Jasmine xxx
Its like old times again😊
I can’t wait to go!!!!! I’m gonna be seeing you on the second day! And I’m seeing you this Sunday at Jarrolds!
Now I know what Arabian goggles are, Thanks Joe! & google...
I can't go to Hello World because of something called the Atlantic Ocean. Who else can relate 😂😭
Loved this! I have a channel too if anybody wants to check it out 💚
where are the twins?
I LOVE IT WHEN YOU’RE ALL TOGETHER!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I was the 114 person to thumbs up like this if you love Jim and tan and all the crew
Hello from the uk ❤️❤️❤️😘
I want that van! lol
yay!! love you all together!!
I love this video I'm subbed and have notifications on ❤️❤️❤️keep it up!!!
So is this a movie or something?💗
Love ya Jim! And tell Joe I said hi! Lol
So excited to see vlogs from hello world! Just uploaded a new video would love if anyone could check it out! 💓💓
IM GOING TO HELLO WORLD !!!!!!!
Fuckheads.
Hgd
Hello from SCOTLAND 💙💙💙💙
Yayayay
ThE best youtubers ever!!
much love jim 💞💞
18th comment!
Love you guys
Love you Jim!!! ❤️
Hi
Nice
❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love you
Squad goals 😃😃
Love you
I still want to meet Jim one day
3rd comment
Does this mean Marcus is finally being normal again?? (I unwatched him after the break up and acting like a shit.) :/
I don't get how Jim acts like he and Louise are awesome friends when him and Tanya didn't invite her to their wedding but htey invited Hannah Hart. Jim did a radio show with Louise so you think that they would be better friends than Hannah.
IS TOM DALEY THE ONE AT 5.01?????
Has anyone else noticed that naomi has just disappeared from the group
1:42 it's like there fighting for Annie! 💪🏻😂🤘🏿🔥
omfg just make like 50 more episodes and ill be gud 4 life plz this is such a great show onl ive watched each one 7000000 times
Please post more chicken girls
Who keeps replaying the part when they were gonna kiss? Me!
I get that this is a low budget series, but as a collegiate swimmer I think they should have consulted someone for a few tips on how to make that scene more realistic...for example goggles, jammers, and maybe taught the boys how to swim and not to touch bottom before touching the wall 🏊🏽‍♀️🏊🏿✌🏼
when the restroom is for both boys and girls..... Weirdo😂
You guys actually like this shit?
Wtf why is she in the boys bathroom?!?!?!
this is going 2 b LIT!!!!
I loved this episode!!!!!!! But i was secretly judging their dives and swimming skills while watching this. (i'm a swimmer, it's what i do XD)
I LOVE RHYME AND MADISON😍😍😍😘😘😋😋‼️‼️‼️‼️
When is the next eps
stranger things for the win
i hate quinn she is the jealousy girl
NOOOOOOOO NOT THE “to be continued...” SIGN!!
that one almost kiss scene 💓
I wish I was Annie :/
Yhe kid you will fate is ugly 😩😩😱
I love chicken girls but why did hayden do that to annie
I really like Birdie cause she looked sad when Annie said I need water its like they are best friends i love Mads Lewis
Omg I just want he'd this episode for like the 5th time and I really neeedddd to see the next episode and what happens next 😫😫😫😫
When you slap yourself because of Quinn
These Are so good
Omg there so bad at acting like wtf? but that's my opinion
Why was she In the boy's bathroom
When she says saying I doesn't even matter because I'm dating (what ever his name is) and said see you around tk
When Tk (Hayden) said to rhyme (Annie) wait up! And I think I know what he was going to give her...he was going to give her the Polaroid picture that said first day ♥ Tk
NAH NOOOO not happening with Emily dating TK its THE MAIN AND TK ( forgot there names sorry)
Oh shit why did they have to end there!!😣😣ahh I'm so scared to watch the next episode next week now
Okay you’re telling me I’ve been waiting a month to see them kiss and I’ve been lied to HECK NAH that insta story from one of the crew members said “she’s scared for the kiss”...😂💀😭
Quinn is trying to break them up even though there not already dating 😂
And everyone thought they was gonna kiss....😂
I just can't wait for the next one aaaa
Omg the PAIN! Just let them kiss.
Omg it's getting so good
0:30 SO FUCKING CRINGY JESUS FUCKING CHRIST WHERE IS MY BLEACH
All I can say is sorry Hayden/ T.K
Guys subscribe to my channel plz I post every Monday Wednesday and frieday
WHY DID THEY ALL TAKE WATER AND NOT COKE
they swam and dove so wrong i am one of the best swimmers in my age group for bc canada maybe they should get a lesson ps did not mean that meanly
roses are red\nviolets are you\ni am triggered\nand so are you
Make. The. Episodes. Longer.
Hayden's a better actor than Annie
The suspense is killing me please make more quickly
Dose anyone know when episode 5 of chicken girls come out
I wonder when the next eps Is going to happen
Who else thinks Tim looks like It's Snow's younger self?!
I love how they can’t swim at all
This is like what's happening at school with jealous people
You can never tell what T.K is thinking :( but I love this
Omg I really hope Hayden or T.K and Annie or Ryme kiss!!!
Omg #hannie for Eva this just got as juicy as a peach 🍑😍😍😍
can you feel the frustration *say it to the tune of 'can you feel the attraction*
Ugh I hate it when they say to be continued
Who else thought that Ryem will get in trouble at 3:10
HOW COULD YOU? IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THE KISS AND THIS?! IT BETTER BE IN EP 5\n\nSorry if I sound over dramatic I'm just really ticked.
Ur in love for sure
OH BOY THE DRAMA HAS BEGUN!!!
*Me when i see Hayden*\nOh its Hayden!\n*me when i see Annie*\nOMG ITS ANNIE!!! ILYSM!!\n*me when i see Hannie*\nAWWW SO ADORABLE I 100% SHIP THEM!!
go hannie who agrees  with me hit that 🖒🖒 button if you do or comment
Ughhhh... The end, why doesn't he actually kiss her!!! 😂😈
OMG SOOOOOO INTENSE
Noooooooooooo
Omfffffgggg I’m so freaking out
Plz do More
Ahhh!!😂😑
very funny
alicia hi
I NEED EPISODE 5
L
I cringed soooo hard at the swimming clip AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
THE END 😫😍
Uhhhhh they should of kisss
;( they finna kiss? ;(
IM HEAR BECAUSE OF BRIONNA LAUBE
3:59 -4:00 Annies face tho
60048617136571165
....to be continued\nMe: F$&CK, NOOOOOOOOOO CONTINUE NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Annie
Omg light years right now😂😂🔥🔥
YESSSS
Make more
So good
Is that snow?
i’m shook
Why do u care qween
I swear they're torching us😭😫
Nooooooo,whyyyy😭😭😭😭😪😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😣
Love this
Jeez 😭
Poor t.k😥
Plz be 20 min
love
Love it
AKKKK IM SCREAMING. GIVE ME MOREEEE😩😩😩
Tim looks like snows son
Noooooo I want mor NOW
I WANT LONGER
HANNIE HANNIE HANNIE HANNIE!!
At 2:28 Hayden said Hannie posters
Kelly is not a people person and has zero charisma. This interview is so awkward.
Jane is not enjoying this interview.
Megyn Kelly just needs to give it up. She  stinks as a reporter, interviewer... whatever.  Give it up woman😂😂
Poor little Megyn. She can't hold a conversation. Why in the world does anyone think she can handle this sort of interview? So embarrassing.
Megyn Kelly  is a parasitic tick
Cannot stand mk
Megyn Kelly is the worst. How is it possible to be so thoughtless? Jane Fonda and Robert Redford are amazing and I wish she could have asked relevant questions. #losthope
Note to live audience. Clap or you will have to stay for a second show !
I love that Jane didn’t answer about plastic surgery but talked about more interesting things, like the movie. Come on Megyn, why only ask women about looks? You’re better interviewer than that.
I would NEVER watch Ms. Kelly after seeing this clip.  Here she has two legends and could ask them anything.   Instead woman to woman she goes for Jane Fonda and plastic surgery.  So rude and unprofessional.   But the legend Jane Fonda got her together real quick!
So, here she has two living legends from film and television; so what does Megyn Kelly focus on? AGE! Throughout the whole segment, rather than focusing on their film project, she keeps asking them both about age and plastic surgery. Sorry Megyn, but interviewing is not your forte either. What an awkward interview.
cringe interview
megyn is just so awkward.
Megyn Kelly sucks on morning tv.  Who asks about plastic surgery during an interview about a movie.  Her “gotcha” style interviews sucks and hurts the TODAY show brand. Stars are going to start boycotting appearances because of her
Jane Fonda got more class, brains and beauty today and always, than that intervier Megyn Kelly has.\nThe way Jane Fonda handled that interview was amazing considering it was a full on nasty cut-throat remark by Megyn Kelly.\nI'm with Jane Fonda all the way, and Robert Redford. Just amazing talented people.
Redford is funny! MK screws up with Jane and is inappropriate in her questions.
The interviewer couldn't make it more awkward for these legends with her imbecilic questions
Is MK interested in anything  besides appearances and age????? How shallow! (and that's a kindness!)\nwhatever made someone hire her in this capacity ??? nearly brainless. And the audience as well, WHY would they populate the seats for a program like this?
Really!??? That's what you're asking? Such a waste of time... can i ask you something Megan? Can you leave!? right now!
Megyn Kelly is horrible! I would never watch her show after seeing this!
Megan: Lose the f**king pen! IT's stupid
I can't believe MK had two of the greatest actors sitting right in front of her and decides to discuss plastic surgery! REALLY??? She's blowing her chances, you can't teach humility. Crash and burn...........
It's inevitable, she's going to be kicked off. NBC, just save the time & money and do it now. She's nothing special and was only popular because Trump talked about her vaginal blood.
I thought she said Arseholes at Night ! ( it's the American accent, I'm a Brit)  Terrible interviewer and possibly the most insulting dumbest cringeworthy ageist questions she could ask ... these two legends. And yet they were still gracious . Wish someone would give them the time they deserve and a respectful interviewer
Megyn Kelly is AWEFUL.
Horrible interview.
Megyn should quit this job....its just not for her....shes off topic
Three Days Of The Condor is the best suspense film ever made.  And one of the best films ever made, period.
So ageist, so sexist. this was criiiiiiiiiiinge lol
Yeah plastic surgery and exercise.
I just don't like Megyn.
Queen Jane shoots down the vile Megyn Kelly. Take this witch back to the slime bucket that is Fox News.
Age!!Age!!!looks!! AGE!LOOKS! MK IS OVER
It seems like when you're older your age will be rubbed in your face whether it's in a form of compliments or not...Honestly it doesn't need to be constantly pointed out 🙄
Kelly is great...who doesn't love watching a clown, just waiting for the fool to show up.
Jane Fonda is a 10 - in more ways then one. Admirable woman. Great respect for her.
wtf does Robert have on his head? gross
I personally think MK did a great job, and I’m not even a fan.
why is the camera CONSTANTLY MOVING? distract from what's actually happening on screen maybe? BECAUSE IT SUCKS (the camera and the content). thanks
LOL.. the fail is strong with this narcissistic blonde twit.
Please come back to Houston
MK sorry, but can you drool over Redford even more?
Totally shocked by Megyn Kelly's announcement at 4.57.  It sounds like she is saying 'Arseholes at night'! Better to emphasise the second word ( 'Souls' ) instead of the first ('Our').
First the Will and Grace Snafu. Now this.\nYikes.
hahHHA I AGED NORMALLY BUT ALSO HIT THEM INJECTIONS HAHA XD IM GOOD ACTOR
Cringing in embarrassment for Megyn. Why not askJane who she's looking forward to working with on the next project? Jane has class for miles!
Megyn Kelley like most conservatives and Fox News anchors are tone deaf and just completely ignorant.
Jane and Robert came to promote their new movie and Megyn consistently tried to take the conversation to any other topic besides the movie.  Strange way to do a movie-promo interview.  I can see why Jane was annoyed.  And Megyn still didn't take a hint.  She's got a big learning curve on how to do this kind of show.
Can't stand Megan Kelly, what a horrible interview
MK is not for daytime TV - she does not relate - she is a hard news person
I  would spit on Hanoi Jane heifer dog
Her show appeals to idiots. That's all
If they want viewers they need edge, this is not edge, there is no edge on tv anymore!
Awful host! She don't know how to listen to her guests...
I just heard the next episode is going to be completely devoted to DIY tips to protect your family from the New Black Panther Party. You're doing gods' work Megyn!
She destroyed her career when she left fox...today show screwed themselves after paying millions for her😂😂 instant buyers remorse
Isn't this Megyn Kelly that person who claim that Jesus Christ was white and should only be showed as white? Isn't she the one who makes all types of excuses for police shooting of unharmed black people and claims that it has nothing to do with race.
women have nothing to offer other than their looks. they are all terrified of aging, its sweet justice for us men who have to watch them entitled and evil all their life
Show's not going to last !!!
This isn’t about you Megan!! Please ...
Megyn Kelly will never be half the woman Jane Fonda is.  Not to mention the Integrity.
Omg that question to Jane Fonda was so inappropriate and ill timed! Horrible horrible horrible! Megan is so bad at this job it's startling.
Megyn says it's a beautiful, beautiful film @ 5:00 and it sounds so disingenuous, she probably didn't even see it!!
Did anyone else feel like the question was really inappropriate? About plastic surgery? I mean really?
JANE IS 😍😍
megyn kelly really sucks...more and more...pretty amazing redford's gone from media recluse to showing up on day time chat shows...getting older made even the sundance kid come in from the cold...
At 1:46 into this clip,  Megyn Kelly had blood in her eyes
The only way a Megyn Kelly talk show could be anywhere near remotely entertaining  is if it involved her stripping down and showing off those floppy, whithered, 46 year old fun bags.\nREPLY
A communist and a hateful feminist walked onto a stage........and then I turned the t.v. off.
I'm so glad Megyn got her own Today show. I seriously can't wait for the episode where Megyn invites Santa Claus and Jesus on to perform a genealogy test so she can finally prove once and for all that they're both 100% white.
Megan Kelly is terrible at this gig!!! She is uncomfortable & makes her guests uncomfortable!!!
Omg that was upsetting to watch
shadow gov. fake tv..
NBC's LATEST DISASTER: MEGYN KELLY 👎.
Megyn sux! Poor thing
Hanoi Jane, never forget.
r/cringe
Megan Kelly malicious
they look like mummies
She is a racist and a liar. I will never forget how you purposely inspired racist attacks with race baiting, calling black protesters thugs, saying that all Muslims are terrorists and  inciting people to commit hate crimes all over this nation. You and the rest of the propagandist at fox, both past and present, are covered in blood from all of the attacks and murders caused by your words. You cant hide from your past and who you really are. NBC are trying to normalize these people but DON'T LET THEM. DON'T WATCH ANY SHOW KELLY OR ANYONE WHO THINKS LIKE HER IS ON. SHAME!!!!!!
Redford looks like an old butch lesbian 😂😂😂
This dyed-blonde skank must be deported to Saudi Arabia ASAP.
jane fonda has everything it takes to become a major political player.\nevery conservative fears jane fonda entering politics.\npelosi / fonda 2020!
Redford should do a commercial for eyebrow dye for men
Meghan has new charisma with whoever
The feelings culture
Good job everybody! A new show with new energy. Inquistive direct stride. Give it some time to find that natural groove.
All these comments...\nSo much love in this world...\nWow.\nI’d like to see each one of you become an attorney, work for a major news station, and then run your own show.\nNo, she’s not perfect and neither are any of you.\nFor god’s sake it’s her third show-give her a break!\nThis endeavor of hers is entirely new and a completely different style of reporting.
i thought Jane Fonda died
why so much hate. news flash, the jane fonda plastic surgery qs is not a new qs :/
These kiddos are growing up way too fast! So adorable <3
omg when emilia steals the tuna then puts her thumb up at the camera. i cant cope HAHAHAHA
Tuna and sweet corn, that sounds interestingly good!
Jonathan if you’re reading this, you are loosing subscribers big time, if you already know this then maybe think why. I am definitely sure it had something to do with you sponsering the sun. You should do a video explaining
Does the baby have a birth mark on her face?
wow wow wow... already eating real food... ; D
wtf is this and why was it recommended to me?
Alessia looks like Anna like if you agree
oh no! they're working together to pull pranks..time for boarding school! quick it's not too late! haha <3 (joking btw)
Hi Anna.  I know you're taking a break from making videos for your channel right now, but I wanted to shout out a video idea I'd be interested to watch, and maybe other would enjoy as well.  I'd love to see a video on how you make a meal plan for the family and some tips for sticking to it!  Thanks for the great videos every day!
Emilia is savage eating the tuna and sweet corn and then looking at the camera and doing thumbs up 😂😂😂
Oh my gosh...when Emilia took the tuna and sweet corn then gave the camera a thumbs up, I was DYING!! Hahahahaha
Emilia sneaking to get the corn and tuna was hilarious
My three favourite parts of this video was 1- Eduardo singing to himself and laughing to himself watching TV! Melted my heart💗 2- the possible plan between Eduardo and Emilia to steal the tuna and sweet corn, even if it wasn’t a plot, the way it turned out was really funny, they both have so much chemistry together  they knew what each other was thinking AND 3- when the camera pans in on Emilias face when she’s eating the tuna with the thumbs up 😂😂😂 love your family you’re all so special ! X
Emilia is just so precious in her school uniform!
Some people think the vlogs are boring but I LOVE seeing everyday life of families and kids growing up. It helps me know what to expect when I have my own family one day. Emilia was super cute wanting to tip the pizza man. And Emilia and Eduardo had the same mischevious smile trying to distract their dad lololol
When Emilia stole the food ahahahha
Emilias face the look of mischief😂😂❤️
How delightfully patronising
basting a turkey LMAO
Awwww Emilia hugs her sister is sooo cute
Emila is halrious. So cute
Nobody cares
Omg emilia taking the tuna and sweetcorn and her putting her thumb up at the camera 😂😂😂
“So Emilia is bringing a monkey to school today” well, that’s different 😂❤️\nEmilia is such a kind hearted little girl as well with the pizza man! This family doesn’t deserve all the hate they get. Jonathan and Anna are amazing parents who have raised three beautiful children wonderfully ❤️
Idk why but i want them to move back to Ireland haha aww imagine the kids with a cute Irish accent
out of curiosity.. what drives people to complain and constantly repeat the same hate comments that this family has most likely heard thousands of times. I my self have no issue with how this family raise their children or whether or they get help from other people. but there is definitely a select few who do..why? what's it matter if they have a chef or not..if they did..maybe that person doesnt want to be shown on camera.. ever think of that instead of going to the assumption that they are so ungrateful not to show this alleged chef. no one in this world is more special no matter how their lives are seen on the internet. celebrities (including YouTubers) are just regular people who found a way to make money doing something they love. how people spend their money seems to play another part in this hypocritical world..in case people haven't noticed..you need to make money to actually make a way in life..nothing you require (food, a house, etc) comes for free. again relating to the they have a chef dilemma.. even if they did have someone make their food (not saying they do..don't really care either way) they are most likely going to pay that person for their services, so they are then giving that person the money they need to provide for their family.  seriously people need to stop making assumptions and claiming their evidence is from the vlogs, its petty and repetitive and it needs to stop...honestly who cares.
absolutely adore this family! please note though jonathan when putting “5 year old” in your title that’s how it attracts pedophiles i learn about it in school! just to let you know!
Aww bless her. She is growing up to be the kindest child in this world and they have got it from their parents. 💖
Emilia and Eduardo were so funny with the tuna, sweet corn mayonnaise😂😂 So funny how they thought of that ahaha x
Emilia looked adorable in the thumb nail!! X
Did u see the man he just took the money and kinda snatched the 5 pound note that's rude
My friend is going to see you im so jealous
Authentic Life. Real Chat. | Real life of a modern girl\nhttps://authenticliferealchat.com/
Emilia is such a big girl it's scary. I remember watching her as a tiny baby.
Has a 5yr got more money than me😂 I have £0.00
Alessia’s feet’s dancing when she watch tv 😍😍
She is literally a girl Jonathon the little girl is
Thanks for doing the bio again
Does Emilia have more of a British accent, or Irish accent?
Bless her I wouldn't do thta
Hahaha Emilia and Eduardo make me laugh so much
I feel so sorry for the Saccone Jolys, scrolling through the comments it seems that all people have to say are bitter and hateful comments or just generally whining about what they dislike about the videos or the family. I'm so shocked that this family continue to make videos and don't  disable the comments as it must be so demotivating to put so much effort into making videos every day and getting nothing back but rude comments. I wish people would stop being so jealous and bitter and just enjoy the content that they make for us.  Thanks for today's video Jonathan ❤
Is it me or does Emilia says “can’t” like a Irish girl. So cute 🤗
I think Alessia was dancing at 1:55 x
I absolutely loved this video, hilarious!
When Emilia did thumbs up to the camera hahahahaha I canttt
That was awesome editing between the dog walker and Anna at 3:45
A lovely video I really enjoyed watching it :):) :):) emilia, Eduardo and alessia are so cute emilia was so adorable when she said  no I'm just here to play with my dolls house  and when she took some of the tuna and sweet corn from the bowl 😀🐶❤️ Eduardo was so sweet when he was running around the kitchen and alessia looked so cute when she was laughing and smiling at the camera :):) :):) \n\nAnna what you could do is give alessia a dummy for comfort x \n\nJohnathan is a great dad and Anna is a lovely mum x
I love this family. Thank you for continuing to upload videos, and keep doing what you love. ♥
reason 8484398483 why I love Emilia so much 💖💖
I got tickets for Belfast whoooooooo Dublin was sold out so gonna stay the weekend. Soooo excited
Emilia is so sweet and kind she has such a kind heart lyasm xx ❤️❤️❤️
Hello I want to know which tablet ur baby using . From where u buy this
the pizza man could of been a bit more grateful hahah
Best thing about my birthday 😉😄
If I'd grew up in such family I probably would of turned gayyyy
Day is not complete without SACCONEJOLYs! 😍
My love for your family grows with each new child you bring into this world! I love you guys <3
Those kids, goodness me! Such sweethearts, so generous she is! And Eduardo, stealing those precious moments watching him sing to his favorite show ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
40 seconds to go: omg is Anna gonna end the vlog?? lol :p
MY GOD JONATHAN YOU ARE VERY TIRED!!!!!!!!!!!
How does she have £5 to tip the guy but I haven't got £1 to get my self food
Soo Funny and cute 1:56 when Alessia moved her feet to ta music
Omg at 1:56 \nSo cute how alessia little toes moves to the rhythm of the songs ❤️
Jonathan is soooo nice and patient with all his children and always happy 😊 he should definitely be on tv doing children's programs,it just comes naturally to him ❤️
It was actually really interesting to see Anna's meal plan. I'm an organizer/planner/list maker, so I'm weird and like to see how others organize their lives lolol
Haha Emilia's thumbs up to the camera as she sneaks tuna fish 😄
Before you leave to go to your new house can you PLEASE show us whats behind the secret gate PLEASEEEEEEEE
They're partners in crime.
19th on trending
Omg that sweet corn tho 😂😂😂😂😂
On trending!!!
Emilia, eduardo and alessia are cuteee ❤❤❤
BEPIS
11:15 Hahaha hilarious !
i loveeeeee u guys
Emilia is sooo sweet wow 😍❤️
Beautiful baby
tht man wasnt very grateful wen she tipped him 😑 i wudnt hav taken it xx
Eduardo is soooo cute!! melts my heart 💚
https://youtu.be/UlaIP4RdW7E
INVESTIGATE PIZZAGATE
Cool
1:32 EMILIA’S FACE AHA
#9 on trending!
Emilia is sooooo cute love her 💕💕💕💕
Hi guys Alessia Emilia Erdo
He must have afew quid  .... 😁
Omg when Emilia stole the tuna😂😂😂😂
11:15 ahahahahaha Omg 😂😂😂💕
Emilia eduardo and Alessia ❤❤❤
Emelia is soo sweat and Eduardo is really cute
Wow how to use their  kids to make money
Anna and Jonathan are such good parents💗and they make beautiful babies of course!💗
OMG guys I haven't been watching your videos sine Anna was pregnant, l started studying Engineering & I was so busy. Today I remembered Emilia 😍😍😍When I watched this video l was crying 😭😭😭😭😭I can't believe it , the family that I used to watch there videos had growin so fast 😍😍😍😍kids are getting older and much cuter ❤️😍😍😍😍😍god bless this family 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 love you the most ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Emilia is so sweet for tipping the pizza man with her own money, such a giving heart!
I've wanted to ask for a long time but,   why is Alessia so red on her forhead?
As a mom im curious, are all school lunches in the UK like that or is it a private school thing? I live in America (Washington state) and i went to public school and now so do my kids and his lunches are exactly the same as when i was in school... total garbage! Nothing evem remotely healthy or even wholesome! Is it like that in all schools in America? Any input on this is appreciated! I personally think it should be a priority in our country for schools to give our children healthy and nutritious school lunches.
Why are they still two days behind?
Wait, so this is the second official video for this song? Damn he must love this song so much :/
From Small Country Called Bangladesh.... We Love James Blunt.
French fan?
any filipinos listening or am i the only one? (:
Please make a video for Paradise
*Before my 100th birthday,* I need to find me some me-time to go and see him in concert.\n-\n*There is just no one like him!*  (I love James Blunt!)
The lyrics though... they speak to me!! ❤
I'm confused why does the song has tow videos!!
For a moment there i though that this was the preview story of if time is all i have, amazing video <3 last part gave me chills
I was thinking dis' video could be more... dramatic// I mean, 4 da' lyrics, but good job 4 a very great song // this song remember me my situation: I love it but... I hate it
Elisangela, \nSul real, '?
The little girl is my cousin
This song is the only good in this album. Sorry James, but your last album is so different.
We still got some good Singers
Wow, James Blunt you’re so amazing and hopefully someone will do Remix soon could be great
Hope is the worst motherfucker out of Pandora's can.
Another Masterpiece from this Legend!
OMG Don't give me those lights pls :)))))
I love this!!😍🙆❤
Amazing song
It hurted!
Such a masterpiece 💪👌
Another one?
YESS
Oh his voice♡
So cute
From Morocco fans
Chilean fans 🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱
Eu te amoooo ❤❤
Música linda :)
#MEXICO🙋
Liked before listening
❤❤❤❤
This is FANTASTIC, Blunty. There’s a reason why this is one of my favorite songs on The Afterlove.
God bless your voice man!  love your songs!
Now actually, this is a real good number!
I think I'd like to listen to his voice for the whole of my life ❤️
OmgI swear that I've cried. Stop to kill yourself in your videos!!
Who else was amazed by the aestehtic and got aboslutely shocked at the and when the car crash happens? goddamn now I'm crying.
I've been learning how to sing most all your music perfectly but this song with the auto tune now I cant =/
why is there a second official video? \nStill, James Blunt is Life!
People GIVE THOSE EYES in SUSPICION n ANGER when the FIRST THING on UTUBE PLAYLISTs to PORN SITES to GMAIL to WORST DISCOVERY of 21st CENTURY FACEBOOK DISEASE not to MENTION the SHITTY ADs pointin n PRESSURIN u to DO SOMETHIN tht makes u not only FORCED but STALKED n HUMILIATED to the POINT as if PEOPLE believe u r a DOG (doesnt know who is who--me or the others). N then u START to HATE the PERSON u have STARTED to like SO MUCH due to MISTRUST created ARTIFICIALLY by forever THANKFUL & HUMBLE in DOGGY SERVICE 24/7/ 365 SCREWUP TEAMS at the TOP till the POINT u START REALIZE its too late and it had been a HORRIFYIN GUILTY MISTAKE.
Beautiful song, deep lyrics, great video !!! New album is masterpiece !!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
Why are you so underrated man ??????? Your songs are really amazing!!!!!
Staring at you naked\nHotel room in Vegas\nI love you but I hate it\nAnd we can't tell anyone\n\nTake this love and break it\nI don't think I can take it\nGo back to him and fake it\nDon't tell him what you've done\n\nBut when we're caught in this feeling\nAnd I taste your love, and I taste your love\nWhatever the meaning\nWell it's not enough, no it's not enough\nI want to believe in\nIn a thing called love, in a thing called love\nCaught in this feeling\nIn this feeling, in this feeling\n\nDon't give me those eyes cause you know me and I can't say no to you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\nIn another life, darling, I'll do anything to be with you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\n\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\n\nCross your heart and swear it\nHotel room in Paris\nKills me that you're married\nCause we know this should be done\n\nBut when we're caught in this feeling\nAnd I taste your love, and I taste your love\nWhatever the meaning\nWell it's not enough, no it's not enough\nI want to believe in\nIn a thing called love, in a thing called love\nCaught in this feeling\nIn this feeling, in this feeling\n\nDon't give me those eyes cause you know me and I can't say no to you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\nIn another life, darling, I'll do anything to be with you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\n\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\n\nDon't give me those eyes cause you know me and I can't say no to you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to (Don't give me those eyes)\nIn another life, darling, I'll do anything to be with you (Don't give me those eyes)\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\n\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\n\nStaring at you naked\nHotel room in Vegas\nI love you but I hate it
Two official videos of the same song? WTF James?
Fav Song right now. Great work :)
Love this song!! Great work! It made me reminisce.
I love you James Blunt
Staring at you naked\nHotel room in Vegas\nI love you but I hate it\nAnd we can't tell anyone\nTake this love and break it\nI don't think I can take it\nGo back to him and fake it\nDon't tell him what you've done\nBut when we're caught in this feeling\nAnd I taste your love, and I taste your love\nWhatever the meaning\nWell it's not enough, no it's not enough\nI want to believe in\nIn a thing call love, in a thing call love\nCaught in this feeling\nIn this feeling, in this feeling\nDon't give me those eyes 'cause you know me and I can't say no to you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\nIn another life, darling, I'll do anything to be with you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nCross your heart and square it\nHotel room in Paris\nKills me that you're married\n'Cause we know that should be done\nBut when we're caught in this feeling\nAnd I taste your love, and I taste your love\nWhatever the meaning\nWell it's not enough, no it's not enough\nI want to believe in\nIn a thing call love, in a thing call love\nCaught in this feeling\nIn this feeling, in this feeling\nDon't give me those eyes 'cause you know me and I can't say no to you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\nIn another life, darling, I'll do anything to be with you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes 'cause you know me and I can't say no to you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to (don't give me those eyes)\nIn another life, darling, I'll do anything to be with you (don't give me those eyes)\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nStaring at you naked\nHotel room in Vegas\nI love you but I hate it
I really admire you James but seriously it's such a negative video. I wish I would be experiencing some good vibes after watching it but it ain't.
I don't know how you do it but all your songs are just perfect.
I can't say no to u James blunt😘
The greatest!! My all time favorite, my inspiration Blunt, James Blunt!😘
JAMES, I LOVE YOUR MUSIC VIDEO..THANK YOU AND GOD BLESS..!!❤❤❤
<3 Hopefully I will meet you one day on one of your concerts. It would be a honor for me to shake hands with you. Great song as usual.
Live sounds better than the auto-tune version .. :/
Great song, greeting from LIBYA !
My fave song on The afterlove album, although the rest are amazing too 😊😍❤👍👍
music video makes no comparison to the song... whoever directed it should be ashamed
Where is the background of MV \nUK?
Make a movie off of this!!!
Love this song. Well done JB x
Ameii a música.... ♥ O Brasil te ama♥
YOU’RE THE SHIT BLUNT 💜\nMe embolas muy cañón 🖤
Oh Come On, James! Playing the death card again? I like you anyway. Love from Buenos Aires.
James Blunt, One of the most underrated singers of this time and 'Don't Give Me those Eyes' is probably one of the best songs of 2017
@JamesBlunt Please come to India please please please!!!!!
Didn't fully understand this video, but it made me feel many feelings.
19 dislikes must be for James acting.
James blunt para está música mt linda como as outras sou sua fã 1 gosto de todas as suas músicas são todas lindas obrigada pelo vídeo abraço desejo sucesso.
2 official videos? what?
mahnn this vedio!!!...james the Genius
Magnifica voce 😍👍
first
Bro💯great job
Polska nr 1😎
Gracias❤ es precioso
Seeing him 21st November
There's no fucking nudity...
GREETINGS FROM TURKEY ❤❤❤
German Fans!
Beautiful.
Lovely!
alg fans <3
Amazing <3
What a voice 😍
Liked, congratulations! 👏👏👏
Great song ❤
This is hella amazing
24.462
Hu.M.
Good
❤
Pure , James Blunt Love <3
3:12 AMAZING😍😍😍
Alguien de Ecuador?
Gostei gostei
MÚSICA DE PANAMÁ EN SPOTIFY\n►Top 50 Panamá► http://spoti.fi/2pNX4e5\n►Clásicos Del Típico Panameño► http://spoti.fi/2vaiD9l\n►Trap & Reggae Panamá► http://bit.ly/TrapYReggae
Şuraya bir tane Türk yorumu bırakıym,bir insanın hiç bir şarkısı mı kötü olmaz,yine mü kem mel
I am really looking forward to be playing as darth maul and Kylo ren
This looks absolutely amazing. But honestly, I think the game would benefit if it didn't include cross Era heroes in galactic assault and starfighter assault. It really takes away from the immersion when you see Rey killing battle droids. Star Wars fans crave authenticity.
It looks pretty awesome! Just like my UCS Millennium Falcon Time Lapse Build!!!! https://youtu.be/3AO6zDEzHzo
This video is basically \n\nDICE: GUYS WE'RE SORRY !
This is star wars battlefront 2: *the same as swbf1 but now with the season pass included, which is how swbf1 should've been.*\n\nI mean cmn this games nothing special
I want this game NOW
Only 5 game modes :( last one had like ten and that was the best part about that game.
star fighter assault for the republic
I don't know if I should be excited to see you,or not @jon boyega (don't know if this is how you spell it). I just haven't seen enough of you.....
This gonna be 1st game i used money to bought it
Aunt Beru and Uncle Owen heroes. Secret power: Burn up, where your hero catches on fire and burns to a crisp. EXTRA POINTS FOR IF YOU ACTIVATE THIS POWER INFRONT OF ANAKIN OR LUKE SKYWALKER!!!!!! It introduces new buff: Traumatize!
This is GOTY (hopefully).\nZelda fanboys pls, if BOTW comes out with free dlc(s). OK I get it. I really didn't see the appeal for BOTW the game looked quite boring.
GoW4, Battlefront, and *Red fucking Dead 2*! My PS4 is finally going to have a purpose. I bought this shit this year and so far it's a fucking decor.
0:16 Finn, Star Wars THE LAST JEDI\ndid they lose their minds?
So...we will not have 32 vs 32 on Battlefront II ? like Battlefield?
Most of these 14 characters and some maps will be reused ones from previous games. smh. Anyone who preorders this, have fun with your rehashed game.
still 20 v 20 ugh. what ever looks way better than the first bf
EA, Star Wars, Disney... the ultimate combo in controlling consumer sheep.
I am like Fin
I just wish they didn't include any Disney stuff in a Star Wars game
I'm so amped up
why the fuck is everyone praising this shit, no galactic conquest no boarding ships its the same fucking shit except with a damn story mode im mad af
20 vs 20 ...that is pathetic..by now I would expect at least 150 vs 150....
**Who else thinks star wars battlefront 2 should include customized battle sequences from epic scenes from the movies and make game modes around that.. even if maybe some heroes or characters wouldn't fit the plot story or lore I think it would be an amazing thing.. \n\nImagine having to stop the invasion of the clones or saving Naboo from the droids or the attack on that place in episode one with Qui Gon Jin and Obi Wan Kenobi... I bet millions of die hard fans would love to reenact the famous Darth Maul scene with Liam Neeson and Swan McGregor.\n\nHell I bet many would love to play the epic scene involving the destruction of the first death star. \n\nMake it happen EA.\n\n MAKE STAR WARS GAMES GREAT AGAIN!**
looks awesome the Yavin IV map seems like the Yavin temples of jedi knight saga I love it
Can you play it on EA Access?
Looks great, but all i want is the normal conquest mode like in the old battlefront games.
Cant wait to get my ps4
Like this so EA can see it\nHero List:\nAshoka, Anakin,Obi Wan, General Grevious, Mace Windu, Dooku, Padme, Jango Phett & Captain Rex! Please EA get these characters in the game!:)
Just me who loved that John Byoga talked over everything
Oh C’mon now i want to play this EEEEEEEEVEN more>:(
All I want is space battles and land battles going on at the same time that can be seamlessly transitioned between. I know, I know never gonna happen... but I don't care.
Anyone else see Luke just make Kylo look like an absolute bitch with the force?
Ik it's john boyega but is it sad that at first I thought it was KSI?
I like it more than other!
Is their even any point to play the first Battlefront anymore!? Lol seriously
This looks like a improved version of star wars battlefront 2 the original. So im pretty impressee
RELEASE THE DAMN GAME BEFORE I PISS MESELF
Woah it seems so cool I'm gonna get it once I get the money!
Thanks to star cards, new players are still at a disadvantage against players that have earned lots of star cards. \n\nAlso, because of the battle point system, players that are not particularly good will not be able to play the game the way they want. They won't be able to easily attain vehicles or characters they wish to use, which may ultimately ruin their gameplay experience.\n\nAlso still no capital ship to capital ship combat like in Pandemic's Battlefront 2.\n\nCome on DICE, all you had to do was give the fans what they want, an update to Pandemic's battlefront games with conquest mode and ground to space combat, including capital ships.
can't tell from the trailer if the maps are painfully linear\n\nalso, if there are no bots, it's not worth getting. bots are great filler and act as fodder while doing objectives. it's what kept the real battlefront alive for so long.
I'm hesitant, especially with all this star cards battle points parts nonsense, my microtransaction senses are tingling. \n\nThey're using the name, they've got even bigger shoes to fill.
Finally they basically made it Battlefront but Battlefield style.
Can you say \n\n\n\n\n\n\nP A Y 2 W I N\nThanks EA, fuck you
I’ll still wait to buy. Not going to pre order. Looks dope but I’m no fool.
I'd rather have a reskinned and remastered battlefield with some space incorporated into it. The Vehicle spawning still triggers me at most lol
You should give away for free this game to all of the brave souls like me who bought your first shit! That would be a good apology
Is splitscreen arcade playing the multiplayer modes with bots or is it like a wave survival? And are we able to play the multiplayer modes splitscreen offline?
All soldiers of the Empire....\nThe Rebellion has thrown the Galaxy into chaos. It has taken from us Order! Stability! The very peace they claim to fight for has been shattered by their treason. And worst of all....they have taken our Emperor! But Fear not, brave sons and daughters of our great Empire, for the war has just begun. The Rebel dogs think us beaten, and even now celebrate their victory. We shall show them that such celebrations are foolishly naive. Remember why we fight.  Fight for those who are in your thoughts! Fight so that your families may know Order and Stability rather than Chaos and Anarchy! Fight to avenge our fallen, those brave souls now at rest. Fight for every trooper beside you, your brothers in arms! Do not count the days, do not count the Parsecs, count only the number of Rebels you have killed! This is the cry of your Empire! Death to the Rebellion!
would be cool if you could chose whether you want to force push or force pull doesn't need to be in the game just something cool that i would like added
will all the  heroes and maps from the first game be returning in battlefront 2?
Ok, but if you don't have era specific heros, it's gonna be kinda weird and stupid
If those crates mean micro transactions then I'm going to flip the fuck out
I want to see Gangnam Style and gentleman as an emote
* just bought star wars battlefront and then sees this *\n\nU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!!?
I wish I could play this game - I only have Nintendo consoles, and I'm not interested in buying a PS4 for the one game I would want on it.  I would buy this game on Switch in a heartbeat.  And don't tell me it won't run - if games like Doom 2016 and Wolfenstein 2 are coming to Switch, please don't tell me it can't happen.  I am thankful you're bringing FIFA, but I'm not going to buy it - I'm not into sports games.  Never have been.  Give me Star Wars.
These (allmost) 5 minutes felt like an hour of fun!!!
This is one of the Best vid i've Steen in my life
Now this... this looks good.
Lol he says 20v20 like it's a big deal
The time has come.\n\nExecute Pre-order 66.
Охренеть! !  Разделенный экран^ куплю обязательно!.
*the graphics*
HYPE
Damn, only 5 game modes? lol.
20 vs 20 online?? Fuck. That sucks!!
I pree ordered
I love it😍😍😍😍😍
I am so hyped!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gon be good
2:37 that classic sound effect tho.
2:33 that troop looks like jango fett
Good advertising
I dont like sand
Fucking pay to win
ARE MOVIE SPOILERS A DLC?
ура бателыронт
3:31 *WOW, SPOILER*
*HELLO THERE*
Yep, they've done it👌🏻
Anikan Skywalker?
Single player YaY)
<3 <3 <3
Pls no pay2win game :(
3:44 anyone else notice that? 😂 still looks dope asf tho
wow!❤
0/10 Not enough wrist rockets
Is it...is it...is it gonna suck?
Mustafar como localización porfavor
THAT SOUND!
Тоже в неё играешь
I wanna play as Porkins
Where's Darth Vader ?
HAN HAS HIS VEST
What about Mr.Bones???
4:16 Yoda would absolutely dick on Maul.
Fucking CRATES!!!
Me gusta star wars batterfront 2
A i tak wyjdzie z tego kupa.
Will this game run on my pc ?\nPentium G4400 \nMOBO MSI PRO-D\nGTX 1050 \n8 gb ram\nI just want to play this without crashes. I don't care about graphics
Voting is almost over ya Beautiful Bastards! Then we can all go back to doing... whatever it is we all do. lolololol. AGH. I'm gonna regret this Hooking Up thing, huh?
My brother is Army. Brother in law, Airforce. Husband... my entire world... Navy...\nStanding for the anthem, respecting the flag, is for those lost in the fight for freedom. Just because you CAN do something, doesnt mean you SHOULD. My husband hates what is happening. He thinks it is absolutely disgusting. He said he doesnt want your respect, but the fallen MORE than deserve it. \nKneeling is a slap in the face to those lost. And a slap in the face to the families of those lost.\nThey are multi millionaires. Their fanbases are enormous. There are soooo many different ways they could make their point known, without disrespecting the fallen.\nMy husband isnt an NFL fan, but i WAS. i refuse to give them anymore of my time or money, because they arent deserving of it.\nThese celebrities forget that the only value they hold to the vast majority of people ends the second they no longer entertain us. Or rather, the second them entertaining us comes at too great of a cost, or too big of an inconvenience.\nTrump likes to take things way too far, every chance he gets. This situation is no exception. I can say though that i agree with the call for a boycott.\nJust as they have the right to be disrespectful little shits to the men and woman who died for that right... we have the right to stand against their disgusting disrespect, and take away the one thing that matters most to them, their money.\nIf you continue to watch nfl, that is your decision and your right. But i certainly wont be. And neither will MANY of my friends.
Bullsh!t, Phil. Thats a crappy right in the middle of the road opinion you got, trying not to offend anybody and be 50/50 its everybody's fault BS. \nDid anybody (anybody) asked Kaepernick when he planned to stop protesting? What was his criterias? When zero minority is oppressed in this country? Was he planning to protest the National Anthem until the end of his f*cking career? \nPhil, enough. \nA f*cking football game isnt the place to protest the flag and the National Anthem because you're not happy about something. \nYou can protest before the game, after the game, publicly, privately, online, whatever. \nBut the football fans, who are held hostages and are forced to watch you also have the right to walk away. \nAnd thats what they're doing. \nThe players didn't understand that its not the NFL that pays their huge salaries. \nIts the fans. \nIts the eyeballs in front of the screens. \nThese players didn't think this thing through.
Real men stand up for what they believe in; they don't kneel 🇺🇸
Trump is condeming people for expressing their freedom of speech peacefully and rexpectfully, when it takes two days for him to make a small comment on teh KKK saying extremely racist and terrible things, and immediately goes on a rant about people peacefully protesting about social injustice, this reveals him as truly unamerican at heart.
On the whole standing for the national anthem thing, I feel like Trump is really driving a hyper-nationalist narrative.  You respect the flag or you're fired.  It is divisive, and I think Phil hit on a great point, the kneeling was in protest of social issues originally (specifically around policing).  I'm of the same mindset as a certain German scientist who once said, Nationalism is an infantile disease, it's the measles of humanity.  It seems the president is using his Nationalist rhetoric to create in-groups and out-groups, those who agree with or support the players, and those who do not.  Sad.
There's a time and place for everything. When you're at work that's not the time...
This comment might be long and probably won't be featured on the Friday show, but this has been dawning on my mind and needed to get it out. Hopefully y'all who do read it keep it civil and give your input.\n\nThis is my opinion when it comes to the whole flag debate. Personally I will stand for the anthem because it shows some kind of respect for the country, even though I'm not that patriotic, but I won't condemn people who kneel during the anthem because one it's their right to just like it's mine to stand. Also because from what I heard and seen it doesn't look like they're doing this to disrespect the flag, anthem or vets but more for social injustice. Do I think it got the message out? Most likely not because everyone is shouting at everyone about what's right and what's wrong and not having a civil conversation. It's just I'm right and you're wrong mentality with most of the people debating this. Could it have been done at a better time instead of during the national anthem? Probably. Because the players and the NFL are getting really bad publicity for it, but like they bad publicity is good publicity because it shined light on them, just probably not the way they wanted. But on the flip side it seems like people of color whenever they do protest peacefully it doesn't get attention or there are more complaints about why are they protesting? There's nothing to protest about so I can see why the NFL players may have protested like this. Also to add another opinion here, I don't think the national anthem should be played at sporting events. It kinda feels like forced patriotism. There are plenty of other days in the year where I can be patriotic if I feel like it. When I go to a game I'm not there to be patriotic. I'm there to watch players play the game and have fun. Though the exception to that is if the game calls on one of those patriotic day then that's fine to be patriotic. But that's my two cents.
Nothing says freedom like mandatory patriotism. It's like we're trying to be more North Korean than North Korea.
To be honest, I don't agree with kneeling during he anthem. I was raised the way that when the anthem comes on, I stand and put my hand over my heart (yes even in my house). However, I do believe police brutality is an incredible problem and should be protested. Do it like the Cowboys did it. Kneel before the anthem. But during show some respect.
I will always stand and respect our flag and anthem, but I I respect the right of other not to. However, what many are forgetting is that the players are employees. It would be well within the rights of a business owner to fire them as they were hired to play a game, not make a political statement.
I know this is going to sound very sour but Trump defiantly has his freedom of speech as well. I think its good that people aren't just in the background of these situations. Its good to flex the responses of people when freedom of speech gets put on the line. Its kind of wiping away the dust on our reasons to support our country in any sort of way. The challenge is good, annoying, but good.
I'm fine with the protesting, i know there's a lot of crap in this country, where i live i don't see it though, but i don't support it during the national anthem. It symbolizes a lot for any American who's lost a loved one or a friend in the military. So i say yes, do your protest, but leave it to a time not on a huge part of our countries culture, it's like throwing away maple syrup in canada. it's just not right.
the young turks won? ughh they have no class, no brains and no integrity. thats the only award they should win...that of sleeze bags
I believe people should have choice. But it really upsets me and I'm not even American. All those who died before us to allow us our luxuries now it's shameful to me. I don't think people should be fired outright but I think more people should be supporting their country and those fighting or who died for it instead of disripcting it from their comfy chairs heir expensive shoes stood on the football field. Shameful
Part of what has made the United States great is the fact that people are allowed to floss their ass with the flag in protest: They're allowed to demean our symbols. I thought it a tacit statement that the principles of our nation, the culture of our nation, and the people of our nation are so strong and resolute that we cannot be offended by such actions: We'll let you have your say. And we'll judge you, not for the act of protesting, but for your reason for protesting. If you're protestations are deemed legitimate you'll be praised, if not you'll be condemned. But evidently I was wrong. No one even seems to care about what's being protested, but rather how they're protesting. If you disagree with what they're protesting -- I know I do: Police malfeasance is a national issue, not a racial one -- then criticize their reason for protesting. The anthem is just a song and the flag is just a piece of fabric; no matter how they're robbed of their beauty it can't (or at least shouldn't) affect who we are as a country.
Kneeling for the flag=ok.Staying in locker room=not ok.imo
I don't know about y'all, but sports is supposed to be something we can watch to get away from politics. I think that the players should either stand or stay in the locker room but at the same time, Trump is ORDERING people to fire players! Sounds like dictatorship to me!
Being critical of your country isn't disrespectful, seems like a lot of the south has forgotten that.
They have a right to be free of arrest for grossly disrespecting the ideals of the country.  Everyone has a right to deny their hard earned money to them and to their employers.  Boycott until fired!
If you’re upset about people protesting during the national anthem of the football, you’re unpatriotic and you don’t believe in the principles and values of America. Yes that means you too Trump.
The American flag is often portrayed as a symbol of freedom, equality, and other goals that people fight and have fought to make a reality. In that sense the flag represent the country we want to become. I don't believe the people refuse to stand because they want to disrespect those goals and hopes for the US. They are trying to make a point that who we are and what most of us will say that flag represents are two very different things, that the flag as a symbol does not yet represent this country as a whole and we have to keep fighting to work toward that ideal.
As someone who has marched with the fucking flag across Safeco Field in Seattle, as a soldier in the US Army who has served in some form since I was in fucking high school, and as as a fucking Eagle Scout  - I need to say that Kaepernick not only has the right to kneel, but he was spot-on.\nDonald Trump is using this excuse of the knee to further divide the fabric of American society. If he is successful at dividing Americans in the arena of what is probably America's greatest religion - sports - than we are one step closer to loosing this nation.\nI don't know who Trump is doing this for - whether he is trying to bring back the glory of the Confederacy and have it finally secede from the Union, or if he is a secret Nazi, or if he is a Russian puppet - but every single thing he does is one step closer to the end of this fucking country.
You say you accept the players right to kneel but you don't like it. What don't you like? Do you not like peaceful protest? Do you not believe there is in justice? I don't understand.
The Flag means so much more than what you agree or disagree with. Men and women have sacrificed their LIVES so you can have the freedom to be a football player and make millions. No matter what you're political beliefs are, or if you like or dislike the current president, the flag needs to be respected. Regardless of our right of freedom of speech, I think it is and should be one of those  unwritten rules that the flag is not disrespected. What it stands for is far greater than what people are trying to protest by disrespecting it.
Man Anthony Weiner showing he didn't have a grip on his D-Brand.
Only 3 days old and boy o boy didn't the NFL do the opposite of your comments. Lol
Being patriotic is a great way to become a racist. The flag is a piece of cloth. We don't need these things.\n\nBut someone who'd disrespect their own country in the way the NFL did don't sound to me like they have anyone's best interests at heart. It's those who appreciate America who can do the most good making it better. Anti-American actions like taking a knee only give support to those who want to see America toppled. Stand with America, and see it heal instead. You have to care about your country to mend it.\n\nI say this as an Englishman who can see what a fucked up place America is. But damn guys, respect the place you owe so much of you success to! If you wanna join a Black Lives Matter protest do that on your free time.
Who would have thought I would ever defend a sport team even crazier a whole association for lack of better words, here's the annoying orange trying to separate the country once again. I thought we had freedoms in this country but I see their slowly fading away and being replaced with one sided patriotism and none sense SAD. I will never deny that people died defending this country it would be stupid to do so, but last time I checked they died defending our freedom to choose because that's what the United States is about. I was thought as an outsider to have respect the flag which I agree, but most of the time some of those people showed little to no respect towards who I am. Yes I am an immigrant but I have nothing but love and respect towards my country of origin and the United states and I side with Kaepernick this time. Until we fix all the inequality in this country I wouldn't stand for the anthem either because I don't feel free and sometimes even represented well with current government.
L on both sides its very clear nfl shot at its target audience and trump shot at nfl its stupid on both sides
NFL = No Fans Left   Fans could protest at nfl parking lot choke points, perhaps  w/ rental cars or LARGE trucks that run out of fuel. What if people did this and lock the doors and walk away ! Imagine DOZENS of cars blocking the parking lot PRE GAME w/ HUNDREDS of cars behind them. It will take HOURS to clear up the mess and the nfl AND THE CRY BABY DISRESPECTFUL TEAMS would loose MILLION$ of dollars. Anti-PROTEST = ON!
Personally, it's all bs.this ain't news worthy when it comes to the NFL. You know, the NFL, that huge Cash cow that pays no taxes and has grossly overpaid players. It's going to bring the NFL views up and make more distractions for us to worry about.
I’ve given this a decent amount of thought. My social media feeds have been a slew of varying opinions on this topic. To denounce kneeling during the National Anthem is disrespectful to Veterans I think is an over generalization of what a Veteran is. We come from different backgrounds, socially, economically, and racially. “Veterans” isn’t a blanket statement that covers some autonomous thinking entity. Some Vets support the kneeling, some don’t. Please stop using all Veterans to bolster your argument, no matter the side.\n\nAs for my opinion on the matter. A protest needs to be uncomfortable and inconvenient. If it’s not one of these two things it can be ignored and a protest that can be ignored isn’t effective. \n\nFor decades Pro Athletes have been role models for kids. It’s not the same as another job. Someone working as a Pipe Fitter doesn’t have the same social impact on youth as someone who is on TV every week. That’s just the way it is. The NFL has awards for outreach into communities, this is something they want. To say that Athlete’s shouldn’t be political is to complete ignore their social importance to society.\n\nThe flag means more than just a representation of the military. The flag represents everything about this country, it’s history, the wars it’s fought, the economic depressions we’ve overcome, the scientific advancements we’ve achieved, and the social and economic adversities we still face today. To sum the flag up into just one of these causes is to ignore everything else about the country. I feel that goes for both sides of this argument.
The original player that refused to stand said why. But when i read it. All i heard was him sayin fuck this country in a nice way. He was deliberately disrespecting the country. For the other players to join them and now say thats not what they meant. Bullshit
14:40 freedom of speech, is freedom from legal punishment, not from social or fiscal consequences. You have a right to speak but not a right to be paid or empowered because of that speech. \n\nAdditionally if they were doing this for Christian or pro-American reasons we know they would pushed aside for less controversial players as those players have existed have been pushed aside in the past. \n\nNFL is under no legal obligation to play the national anthem. If they are not going to be patriotic about it, then don't bring it up at all.
Well... If you have a name like Weiner, this is what you should expect.
Someday this is gonna be a pretty high budget NFL movie.
I’m banned!  No more USA I guess.  ;)
White people acted like they care about black nfl players but calls Blm a satan spawns how hypocritical
I stopped following the NFL because there was way too many commercials and bullshit like national anthem and ceremonies to honor the troops killing people around the world. That's too bad because I really loved the sport.
Lol shut up Nascar, few years ago you were trying secede from America.
so tired of waking up to see what new dumb stuff that traitor president is doing..can't wait for the day I wake up to the news he is dead
The whispered message of whatever kneeling was to convey was overshadowed by the shout of disrespect.  It is the one communicating that bears the burden of making the message clear.  I would suggest a better way of communicating:  this may be an important message but it was lost in how it was communicated.
Why the fuck is the government interfering with private companies? this is big government at its finest
NASCAR suit on Donald trump, wow that's different
Dude Philip, why are you the clearest voice out there? We need more of you.
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
The facts are out there that up until 2009 it wasnt mandatory that the players be on the field at all for the anthem. In 2009 the government paid the NFL to have the players on the field during the anthem to help boost recruitment numbers. NFL didn't go political politics came to them. Passed that how many time have you been at a bar or a party at house and seen ppl talking and not removing hat's during the anthem and nothing get said to them so because these athletes make millions of dollars they get treated differently. I for one have always stood and removed my hat even wen driving I'll remove my hat, but when ppl don't do so in public I understand that that's their right to do so and I can't take that from them.
What disease does weener have?
Mickey mantle doesn't pay my rent
Stop commenting.
Just gotta say lebron james- SHOTS FUCKIN FIRED xD that burn was beautiful
Still a racist travel ban. Agree on N. Korea, but you need to allow N. Korean refugees though
Can some explain YouTube blocking? I blocked pewdiepie and I still see his lame stuff
Taking a knee is no better than burning the flag.
12:59 Look more into this story, and what he's said about what happened.
If you don't support your worst enemy having free speech, you don't support free speech what so ever. What you support are safe spaces, because if the 'beacon of freedom' can't be criticised, what's even the point of freedom of expression?
I'd also like to add that most players are not trying to disrespect the anthem. Kneeling before it is a mode of protest. I respect anyone who may not like it still, but still respect that people can/should be able to practice their right. As to why I feel it should be okay, Nick Wright said it best: https://youtu.be/e0RZ4-XmcCM?t=310
Giving their lives for this country... I support soldiers and vets, and not superficially so... respecting the flag is stupid, when so many neglect the people to whom you say the honor is given. It should also be noted, that not only soldiers have given their lives for our freedoms in this county. As an African America, I find it disingenuous to say that people fighting overseas in 3rd world countries has improved my rights as an American citizen, with so many soldiers with my skin tone coming back over here to witness the realities of this county.  We have martyrs of civil liberties and rights who did not fight in any war, who gave their lives to change things. If you want to honor soilders, make sure they're coming back to a country that isn't divided, make sure their families are taken care of while their overseas or if they die, make sure they are taken care of... until then stop the bullshit.
The problem people keep forgetting for the NFL is they are protesting on the job. Go ahead go protest at your work place. I will tell you what will happen you are going be fired. Because you are there to work. Not to play games, have sex or to protest. Do that on your time. Your own personal time. Second off they can leave this country and see what real oppression is. Sorry I think this NFL players are in the wrong. If they want to protest in work. Then just take a knee in the middle of the game and spend the rest of the game kneeing. I can tell you these guys are hypocrites. They give no care about what they truly say they do.
Sports don't bring people together. Sports foster a tribal us vs them attitude
Why do you guys even play the national anthem and salute your flag at every sporting event? Seems like the sort of thing they would do in a totalitarian state like North Korea, rather than a free democracy. Why does your flag have to intrude on every single little aspect of your lives? Do you have to salute the flag whenever you go for a coffee or take the dog for a walk, too?
Why does YouTube make me re sub to phill every week :(
Yo I believe you can protest, dont really bother me. I just find it hilarious that the most privileged people, these athletes that get paid millions, more women than you can count and get treated like gods daily, cry about injustice and inequality. How many of them have really known it? How many had to live in a 1 bedroom house with their 9 siblings and carry water to their bath tub in the front yard? How many run ins with the cops did they really have growing up, like 1 or 2? Did they really struggle through college, working 2 jobs, playing sports and doing their own homework? Or have they been privileged the whole time because of their sports ability (and the hard work that they put into solely that)?
Wow, Defranco reference to Kapernik' stance against dirty political views in the NFL as shit and a circus really proves that even when head injuries became into the equation that it too was too much of act and obligations of the NFL to oversee and make 100% sure that everyone is taken care of on much larger scale. Puts the whole I need fan votes into perspective.
I believe simply that anyone who thinks it's right for any American, let alone the POTUS, to threaten someone for refusing to honor the flag needs to take a closer look at their idea of freedom. Part of being in a free society absolutely means that an individual has the freedom to criticize and disrespect their nation, and while an employer absolutely has the right (assuming it's in their contract) to fire their employees for certain behaviors, and we as citizens absolutely have the right to criticize those taking a knee, to do so while screaming about being a patriot is sad irony.
YOU'RE FIRED!  There are 10,080 minutes during the week they're free to do their black power thingy but choosing to do so by disrespecting the flag and the anthem?  BIG MISTAKE!  Whatever the hell it is they're trying to accomplish, rest assured will result in a big dose of the opposite. \n\nAnd what business would tolerate their employees (while on the clock) publicly disrespecting their country and pissing off the majority of their customers?  In the meantime ...\n\nWhat's with the 'Social Injustice' thingy?  Do they mean by Black Lives Matters standards?  You know, like in Baltimore when the looting (early Christmas shopping) and rioting started before anyone even realized that 3 of the cops were black (much less the facts)?  Or better yet, in Charlotte where a 'black' suspect who won't drop his weapon is shot by a 'black' cop who works for a 'black' police chief who works for a 'black' mayor naturally led to race riots with looting, destruction of property and beating up of whites?  That was special (MLK would have been truly ashamed).\n\nBut that's what happens when you automatically assume that if something bad happens to a black suspect that there must not only be wrong-doing, but it 'must' have been racially motivated (that means police vs 'citizen' becomes null and void and blacks have to be treated special?).  And never mind that blacks are 3 times more likely per capita to commit felonies.\n\nThe sad part is that had the suspects been other than black, the stories would have never even made it past their local news!!!\n\nAnd has anyone noticed that BLM hasn't even found a reason to misbehave (even by their lofty standards) for over a year now (Charlotte, with a change in the White House since)?  So what's the beef?\n\nIs it oppression?  We are talking about this millennium right?  Never mind we had a two term black president (how's that for oppressed?), or maybe too little impact on our culture?  That's a joke.  Perhaps not enough successful blacks (or millionaires for that matter) or enough special privileges or special rights?  Oh the oppression!\n\nAnd what about the double standards like how come it's OK for affirmative action (race based favoritism), black college funds (ditto), black colleges (ditto), association for the 'advancement' of the race (NAACP - just imagine the furor over a NAAWP), black pride, black advocacy, black this and black that (the list goes on and on and on) ... but yet somehow if you were to replace the word 'black' with 'white' would be considered prejudiced, racist and supremacist?  It does make a good point though for 'racial inequality'.  Speaking of equality, does mean blacks are going to raise their high school graduation rate or cut their crime rate by two thirds?  \n\nThat flag by the way, also represents the 100's of thousands of Union Soldiers (Northern Republicans) that died fighting to free the slaves from Southern Democrats.  Guess they never thought of that.\n\nAnd yeah, you have the right to embarrass yourselves, but like anything else in life, you're accountable  for your actions.  That's where the rights of others to boo, boycott, and fire your ass kick in.  And last time I checked, pissing people off isn't exactly the way to get what you want - whatever the hell that is (a higher pedestal?).  This is horseshit.\n\nAnother shameful day for the NFL punctuated by a player 'celebrating' by pretending to urinate like a dog.  Pretty much sums up the state of the league and the dangers of concussions.\n\nYOU'RE FIRED!
I agree with what many military vets including all the way back to those that fought in WW2, they fought for the players rights to do what they are doing and support them all the way.  I have seen pictures of vets taking a knee, I have and completely agree with you as well, removing the rights of those to protest removes what that flag should represent.  Trump has done more to divide this nation in 1 year than Obama did in 8, as so many try to claim he did.  I have lost long term friendships and family even that are so brainwashed into this rhetoric but turn a blind eye to all rules that show disrespect.  Those who hang flags at night without a light on it, those that wear clothing with american flags on them, those that let flags touch the ground, those that display the flag horizontal, all of which are documented ways of disrespecting the flag they all love so much but apparently they love to cherry pick the rules they want to force people to follow that fit into their current biased bubbles.  Either follow and get uptight about all the rules or none of the rules, you don't get to pick the ones you like,  like some religion of the flag.  \n  All Trump has done is totally pervert the message the taking a knee was meant to do.  He succeeded in making you forget this is about murderers who happen to do it while hiding behind a badge getting off with what boils down to a slap on the wrist.  He has won in a sense and to a narcissist like him, he is probably so pleased with himself.  I think it is disgusting and disrespectful to the seat of the white house for a president to abuse his place of power and call for the firing of anyone for any reason.  It disgusts me more and more every day to see what this country is turning into.  There is a huge divide forming and it all stems back to Trump and everything he does.  He is the most divisive president to sit in the highest place of power in this country.
excuse my ignorance since I'm American but why does the NFL player feels there is unjust in America? America is the country that provided opportunity for his career in the first place. we need to respect and honor the country first before any debate or dialogue. I disagree with Trump using his influence and power to try to shut down that player's freedom to express dissatisfaction, but he does have the freedom to do so as well.
This is going to be long. I have served in the Military. I will always stand for the Anthem. Do I feel there is disrespect in the taking the knee protest... yes. However, that is due to my own personal feelings for the flag, and anthem. They are using their constitutional, inalienable rights of freedom of speech/expression to peacefully protest. I may not agree with how they protest, but I do understand the initial reasoning of the protest. I do feel there could be other more beneficial ways to protest these injustices. I will not condemn though for their protest. I, much like any other personage that has served, swore an oath to uphold the constitution, and defend it. It is in The Oath of Enlistment. Although I have my personal feelings about this particular usage of taking the knee. I would also like to point out that there are several instances in history where taking a knee is considered a high form of respect. One would kneel before royalty. Getting knighted one would kneel. Kneeling was a form of showing fealty. Kneeling before a battle cross is an iconic form of remembrance, and respect for most of the people I served with. ( Battle Cross being a wooden cross grave marker usually, jammed into the ground boots, and dogtags hanging from it helmet on the top, and rifle leaning against it.) One of the biggest issues people do need to remember though with this protest, is that these protestor are protected by their rights from government persecution. That includes our President. He is at the top of our government. Also, a reminder is just because they're exercising their rights, does not make anyone else's usage of those same rights any less valid. All people have these rights.
The flag and the anthem don't mean a damn thing. They are not gods worthy of unconditional respect. When you put your imposed meaning on an object or idea over actual human suffering, your priorities are 100% in the wrong place.
Odd how when it's someone on the right saying or doing some shit that the far left dislikes, they have no problem rallying to get that person fired or run out of town. I do believe your saying is You have the freedom to say what you want, but not freedom from the consequences? Is that right?\n\nEither you hold the same fucking standard for everyone, or you are a fool who should be ignored. Period.
Freedom of speech does not include a freedom from facing the consequences of your free speech. Every American also has the right to react nonviolently to another's free speech. President Trump only exercised this right. \nAlso, most of us are not allowed to exercise our freedom of speech right while at our place of employment. If I did this, I would expect to be fired or at least suspended. I'm sure that's true for most Americans.\nIts funny how the player that started this protest was allowed to do it in the first place. He was allowed to wear socks depicting police officers as pigs on the field. He was allowed to wear a t-shirt supporting Fidel Castro, and Malcolm X during a press conference. How can one protest the uncivil treatment of minorities while supporting a dictator who had a history of violating civil rights and the liberty of his people. Racism in Castro's Cuba toward Black people far outweighs anything you see in today's USA. Yet he was protesting the oppression of blacks and other minorities in this country.\nThen there is the NFL. After the tragic murders of five Dallas police officers, the Dallas Cowboys asked the NFL if players could wear a decal on their helmets commemorating the officers’ sacrifice. In this case, the NFL did not support its players when they wanted to see change in society. When the Cowboys wanted to send the message that police officers should not be hunted, the NFL denied that right to free speech. The NFL fines players for dancing in the end zone. It threatens fines for 9/11 tributes. It shows leniency for other issues, such as domestic violence. \nLast, we have the good ole' MSM. It's all about Trump being a white supremacist. Trump has now attacked Jemele Hill, Colin Kaepernick, black NFL players, and Stephen Curry. All have something in common blah blah blah. They are actually trying to say that Trump only goes after black people. Sure, try telling that to psycho Kathy Griffin, Jeb Bush, Carly Fiorina, Ted Cruz, John McCain, Hillary Clinton, or Megyn Kelly. \nMore leftist liberal spin. More say anything to get the black vote. More absolute BS!
I am a 10 year Marine Corps Vet I did the first Gulf War under Bush Sr. Yet and still wth and all white NASCAR community , 45 choose to back the FINE WHITE PEOPLE. Yet to mention or understand the whole purpose of why Colin is kneeling in the first place. The flag does not represent blacks in America and this country was built on our backs. 90% of American sit on their ass in there living room playing arm chair patriot, no since the white supremacist 45 says something, it's a big issue. What about the blacks dieing at the hands of cops? The millions locked up due to bullshit racial disparity when it comes to crack and powder cocaine. This Orange imbecile has divided this country almost as much as Jim Crow. Those days are over, we will not longer peacefully sit by and take the beatings. Have the dogs let loose on us, stand for poll taxes, or have the KKK burn crosses on our lawn. Aint no fun when the rabbit got a gun . We tried peace, and every black leader was killed by law enforcement in some way or another. Those days are over. Now all of a sudden everybody wants peace when the violence is coming back at them.
This isn't anything important we should be focussing on helping the people from all of the disasters this year. I am so mad all the time I'm watching a program and it gets interrupted by this old fart who has nothing good to say always putting everyone down take a look i. the mirror trump you are not perfect and come on you know nothing about running this country your fired!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These athletes absolutely have every right to protest in this way, and that right is protected in the Constitution. HOWEVER, the nature of their livelihood relies on butts in seats, and eyes on screens. When you do something that could alienate a large segment of those consumers, you are taking the risk they will STOP consuming. A risk the owners will decide if its worth it.
Blind patriotism is incredibly dangerous.  Trump is demanding that people stand for a flag just because it represents this country. But this country's values can be destructive and detrimental in the eyes of many.  This country only deserves respect because it boasts allowing freedom for its citizens.  Trump is attempting to deny that very freedom that makes his country so great.
Sorry Phil you're quite wrong comparing Kaepernick to Tebow - Tebow wasn't that good as an NFL quarterback - Kaepernick (given a good surrounding cast) nearly won a Super Bowl - using last year as an example given that the 49ers could quite arguably be considered the worst team in the league displays a modicum of ignorance on your part.
Attacking Athletes & pushing for a more repressive travel ban is nothing but Proof of trumps RACISM...
they are just trying to take attention away from what these players are actually protesting
I personally do not agree with the decision to also include North Korea in the ban. This is because I believe that most North Korean refugees are leaving due to starvation, poverty, and oppression, and are in no way a threat to American citizens. I also feel that while the North Korean government should be considered a threat to the United States, it is mainly just trying to show its strength and is attempting to intimidate us, not necessarily acting to attack. If anything, the inclusion of North Korea in this ban only shows that the government's efforts to assert power and strength over the United States are working.
I think the NFL Players taking the knee for the national anthem are doing the right thing to support their beliefs and freedom to express themselves as best they can. The way I see it if Trump wants these men fired then the NFL can make a deal with him. They'll fire all the players 'disrespecting' the American flag if he calls for the Nazis and white supremacists from Charlottesville to be fired from their jobs too. It's clear what the president really cares about in that context so we all know that will never happen.
hey, smart farts, (yes you) any reason why the u.s doesn't like Vanezsula? (or however you spell it) like any wars or religious reasons (like ours don't want murder and they do, just an example not ligit.) also saying sports bring us together, I hide when sports go on, I don't like sports
Why exactly does the NFL, Nascar etc... even have the US anthem played. In most other games, they play the anthem when one country's team competes another country's team. It's just strange
I'm glad that the Venezuela part of the travel ban is just for government officials. I can't imagine what it would be like to go through everything that's going on there, and then hear that the US won't let you escape it.
How can I fuck up more??\nLol
I was wondering if this was only me but doesn't kneeling is what knights do before their king? So doesn't that just mean that they are bowing down to the flag? idk maybe just me but odd way to protest
Not gonna lie, I’m kind of disappointed a huge part of the #TakeAKnee story was omitted. I know it probably wasn’t on the radar since hockey isn’t very popular but it’s incredibly relevant to the story that was covered. The NHL is a predominately white league with approximately THIRTY black players. Having the Pittsburgh Penguins confirm they will visit the White House is very telling that they do not care about their POC and LGBTQ fans, despite saying “Hockey is for everyone.” Not only is that incredibly disheartening as a fan of the team and of hockey, it’s horrible timing. They released their statement on Sunday around the same time as the NFL protests were happening. Commentators from all over the league have said that their timing was horrendous, and that had they had a choice they wouldn’t go. It’s embarrassing and upsetting as a fan to know that the face of Pittsburgh’s franchise, of hockey itself, says he is EXCITED to meet with this president, despite being aware of our current social climate. I wish this could have touched on and hope that it wasn’t something that went ignored.
America is founded on the protest of taxes by England onto the colonies. Protests gave women the right to vote and brought civil right to people.  Those protesting NFL players and owners are being REAL AMERICANS. Those people that booed them are ignorant sheep slaves and are FAKE AMERICANS. Everyone has the right to protest even the tiki torch people who are oppose to the players who kneeled.The FLAG is a piece of cloth and the so called hardcore patriots are worshipping it, committing Christian BLASPHEMY. Idol worshipping the flag won't get your poser asses into heaven people...
My question to everyone who supports the actions of the NFL and the NBA: What in the hell are you protesting? Steph said something about what we tolerate in this country, what's accepted, and what we turn a blind eye to. What is he referring to? I, honest to God, have no fucking idea how blacks are oppressed in this country. Someone please tell me.\n\nTo clarify: if you want to protest, that's awesome. That's your right as an American. The Hitler Youth and Nazis in WWII were forced to salute and sing anthems, so i'm against forcing someone to do something they don't believe in. But why are they doing it?
President Trump is by far the best President in US history :)
*BOYCOTT THE NFL*
ja
Sucks
patriotism really seems like a cult tbh
Consistent bell ignore rock teach branch bus
WAIT WAITWAIT STOP!!! Why is Donald trump wearing mark martins 2012 NASCAR sprint cup micheal waltrip racing #55 Aaron's Toyota car uniform?
Clickbait add chasing
Good job NASCAR!
TRUMP 2020!
If you guys wanna be early on a NEW dope artist look up Eric Z - Messages he's lyrical & makes good music! One of my new favs along with Logic, Joey Badass & Vince Staples!
https://youtu.be/1lC-x-Wx--I\nCheck this song out it's fucking awesome !
They cut from his black power fist
Oh my!  This made me cry!  Damn that was beautiful!
Like Flint got clean water and y'all don't got teen daughters\nAnd black friends and gay cousins, y'all just don't say nothin, \nKnow that that the day coming, knees bowed, tongues confessin\nThe last ones getting first dibs on blessings man
Damn chance is on pace to kill the game right now....
4:43 gave me the chills 💖💖💖 I love chance
Beautiful. Joe doesn't know shit
This needs WAY more views.
Why he look like an Everday Struggle thumbnail?
I go to church they want a flick I wana flip the table smh bruh I can't even🔥🔥🔥🔥
the metaphors the melody . Is this real? 😲
Name a better duo... Ill wait
i did not fucking expect this
Bandwagon fans are saying it sounds like Acid Rap, real ones know it sounds more like 10 Day
Beautiful and even more beautiful because of those off white Jordan's on the feet 👏 for real amazing song can't wait for more
This is literally just spoken word hahahah
got damn, nico. you couldn't wear all black?
Need to hear that again, then again, then again.  What he say?  Oh snap, better hit that replay one mo time....
He Mentioned Flint still not fully having clean water, Teenage daughters being raped and shoved in freezers, Black Injustice, and people still being judged by their sexuality. They act as if this isnt happening and the day will come when people will realize a change has to come .
If frank ocean featured in this 🔥🔥🔥🔥
did he forget a word?
Did anyone else get the chills when the choir joined in?
Is that third story?
Ben and Richard from Thirdstory!
These two teaming up is a dream come true
Damn give him his Grammy's already!  THE academy YOU BEEN sleepin.
he wrote this in 2 days... but was almost more powerful than a lot of songs hes ever made
beautiful. that is all.
i like it bro fuk yall if you dont(bum budden) dont be mad at me......
Damn good! Chance said he wrote this song before coming on the show with (2) days notice.
The day is on it's way couldn't wait no corn 🌽🌽
I love how most of the comments are so positive I've never been so happy
This song is so genius.. 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾. I absolutely love it. 💯
I love Chance. Got the opportunity to catch his show in Miami this year and I really think this song has his best lyrics yet.
The guitar sounds like more than words
I need Donnie on the trumpet
Some of the guys from Third Story in the back!! Mad respect!
O MY GOD I LOVE IT
I LOVE THIS GUY... So SUPER COOL and totally AWESOME.. reminds me of my SON..
THIS IS A BLESSING!!! WHAT A TALENT!!LOVE YOU BOTH!!! <3
no words for that bro..........!!!!1
Wish they gave daniel a verse :'( amazing shit tho
What is this?! I can't get jiggy with this shit!
I feel like chance is on a different level than all other rappers at this point
I love your music so much! Why do you have to get political. I don't have to agree with you to enjoy your art and music tho. Great song man stay true👍🏼
weirdly, what this reminds me of a lot is some of led zeppelin's slower acoustic songs
I hope this is not a song to tell everyone that he is retiring
Who would dislike this song?
Thank you for acknowledging The HOLY SPIRIT on national television Chance! Forever a role model!
Chance can go ahead and bring out a sleepy album full of songs like this , fucking amazing
Why people sleep on chance the rapper
Who was here before this hit one million?
please don't go chance we need you in the rap game
Am I watching a different video from everyone else? Seemed pretty off key..... I'll give it another listen when a studio recording is released.
I just caught the Holy Spirit. The Lord sent Chance and y'all can't tell me no different.
Even in the world of dying music, these two still shine bright
OMG CHANCE & DANIEL. BUT WAIT IS THAT THIRD STORY UP THERE ON THE BG VOCALS? THEIR HARMONIES ARE EVERYTHING!
Chance snapped on this one!
Who else literally can stop listening to this? I've probably gave this video 1k views so far
just pure bliss...
Soooooo lazyyy.  Cmon chance...
Love it.
Not my proudest fap...
Trash
damnnnn
im a fan
Damn
Speechless.
This shit was scary
Addicted
I love Daniel Caesar🙏
Chance and my boy Daniel  LAWWDD !!!!
fucking goosebumps
God bless.
3 VERSES HELL YES
AHHHHH MY LOVE
Plz subscribe to my channel simply Stupid Tvee
🔥
👌👌
Joe Budden Its too positive!!!!
Great track 😍
Ya
colbert ruined chance
We back
amazing
i think i nut
Great man
I damn near think he freestyle this
Finally Daniel Caesar is getting some exposure !!
He right tho! The day is on its way! With the way the world is, HE is coming and it may be sooner than we think. 🙏🏾
Im just gon' keep rapping, and y'all just keep clapping and keep acting like flint got clean water, and y'all don't got teen daughters and black friends and gay cousins, y'all just gon' say nothin, know that the day coming; knees bowed, tongues confessing. The last ones getting first dibs on blessings.\nThese are the first world problems that niggas'make up.'Keep on playing we gon' shake this shit up. Keep on telling us we making it up. The American Dream may you never wake up.
No words can describe how much joy there is in my heart...
This was amazing. I can't wait to watch Daniel Ceaser blow up. What a awesome collab.
Everyday Joe !
Wow
TRASH
Wack
Shits lame
This is literally all he's ever gonna put out now. Im so over all this spiritual shit. I fucked with Chance back when he only had 11k likes on his tracks from Acid Rap on soundcloud. Now he's got 16 Million. And now, everybody and their grandma is riding his dick. Chance used to be cool. Now he's wack. If you're a fan, you're behind.
CORRECTIONS AND Q'S A'ed:\n1. NIXON WAS NEVER ACTUALLY IMPEACHED. He resigned. Articles of impeachment passed out of committee, but he resigned before the impeachment vote. MY MISTAKE.\n\n2. Why didn't you talk about Ukraine's support of Hillary Clinton? This is a good and interesting question. There is some evidence that Ukraine's government sought to influence the election for Clinton (although it was not nearly as extensive as the meddling by the government of Russia). But as I say in the video, benefiting from a propaganda campaign is not a crime, and no evidence has emerged that any Clinton staffers received or accepted any thing of value. So I didn't talk about it because it wasn't the topic of the video.\n\n3. Why didn't you talk about the incredibly coincidental timing of later in the summer and Trump asking Russia to release Clinton's 33,000 emails? Okay, so lots of people believe that it's not a coincidence that Donald Trump Jr. said later in the summer and then the DNC emails were indeed released later in the summer, and that it's not a coincidence that (then-candidate) Trump asked Russia to release Clinton's emails very shortly after the meeting between the Kremlin-connected Lawyer and Manafort/Kushner/Donald Trump Jr. And maybe it isn't a coincidence, but it seems perfectly possible to me that it IS a coincidence.\n\n4. Did you ignore evidence that Putin wasn't behind the DNC hack? Not to my knowledge. The sources I link to above are very convincing. I think it's important to remember here that there is VERY BROAD CONSENSUS across political parties among U.S. leaders that the Russian government was behind the DNC hack, as well as the other facets of their campaign to influence the election. They've seen information that we don't have, and they ALL consider it to be credible. If there were more Republicans saying, Wait a minute, as was the case with Democrats and the intelligence about WMD in Iraq, I'd be more hesitant. As it is, I think it's just a very inconvenient fact for a lot of people's political narratives that Putin decided whose emails we got to read in the runup to the 2016 U.S. Presidential election.\n\n5. Why didn't you mention Carter Page or Roger Stone or et cetera? Because the video was already nine minutes long, and also because most of the people you're asking about left Trump's official campaign relatively early on. It's important to remember that these days a LOT of U.S. political consultants do business abroad. I don't think in and of itself that should be a red flag.\n\n6. John Podesta was the chairman of Clinton's campaign, not of the DNC. MY MISTAKE.\n\n7. Why didn't you talk about Trump drafting the untrue initial press release for Donald Trump Jr? There's reporting about this here: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/01/us/politics/trump-was-involved-in-drafting-sons-statement-aide-confirms.html Some people think this is a crime (likely obstruction of justice), but it seems a stretch to me. They made the meeting to be about adoption; it's perfectly possible that adoption was mentioned. That doesn't strike me as a likely crime. If we put every politician or businessperson in prison who massaged the truth in a press release, our incarceration rate would be very high, indeed. \n\nI'll add more answers (and corrections, I'm sure) as they come in. Thanks for watching. -John
People are acting like Trump took donations from the Russians so they could have uranium. And then bleached his private email server. 😊👌🏽🤣
#1 fact you leave out: No red blooded American would take voting advice from a Russian. We voted for Trump for many different reasons, but not one was because a Russian told us so.
lol confirmed by two different news sources to state your fact!!.lol
Seth Rich who is Seth Rich what happened to him why does WikiLeaks offer a reward for information on him
Leaving out a ton aren't you? Like you're leaving out all the shady crap the democrats did\n\nClinton was even getting money from Russia. Why leave that out? Why leave out favors were going to her (playing both hands isn't uncommon and is safe).\nAlso he kinda really kept out how most people in the cyber security world said none of the evidence shown the DNC was hacked by Russia. The guy's password was password, his IT staff told him that wasn't a real e-mail, and he still went through it. If you actually read their public notes, the security agencies say Russia did it because they put propaganda on RT not dealing with the hack. (Why is it that people forget that these law makers are also not tech savvy by any degree?)\nLastly, he didn't mention basically everyone messes with everyone's elections. Obama even openly admitted he was messing with them overseas.There isn't a single law against 1 country advertising and pushing for who they like. Like as long as gifts aren't given (look at Clinton and she broken this majorly so), and the written laws aren't broken. There is always someone trying to push who they like in office.\n*Oh and did everyone forget that Clinton said she wanted to go to war with Russia? She literally said war brings people together.* And it isn't like it's all that hard to find all the dirt on her. Russia paying $100k to FB which gets literally billions in ads isn't jack. People didn't want her for many reasons. Her only reason to run was it was her time. She wanting to go to war with Russia by controlling the air space over Syria (even Sanders told her that was stupid). He not really pushing for more jobs and acting like no one was financially hurting. The mountains of evidence of her corruption and shady dealings. Her being super unstable emotionally. *Hell, she is still blaming everyone but herself. Do you really want someone like that for the leader of the world?*\n*If she didn't try her corrupt dealings with Sanders then he most likely would've won. He even won the primaries, but the DNC hacks shown she screwed with that. Why isn't she in jail yet?*
Yeah, but most importantly, did he ever wear a tan suit?????
Yes you're correct in that Trump won, but not the election.\n\n#AbolishTheElectoralCollege
It's good to know (and somewhat surprising) that I have the facts straight, with some new ones as well as some old ones a little bit more clearly laid out.\nThank you, John!!! I know these newsy ones are VERY difficult and probably stressful for you. Stay well!!! DFTBA!
John I just want to thank you again, as a conservative, for how unbiased your reports on current events are. It is often quite difficult for me to learn much about what's going on in the world without a STRONG liberal or conservative bias on the telling of the events and sharing of information.
Such a brilliant video which is always the case with Vlogbrothers!  My first encounter was a Scishow video which had a follow up link to John's Honey Badger video. That got me hooked for life!
very impressed with your well rounded and non-biased analysis. Thank you for the synopsis on this topic.
This makes this messy issue much clearer for me. Thanks!!!
Also, Thing of value is intentionally vague because you aren't supposed to be seeking a foreign governments help in our elections. It's meant to cover literally anything and everything. Information against your opponent is always valuable.\n\nThis playing the devil's advocate shit doesn't suit you. Use your intelligence, this is insulting to watch.
This was a great video. I don't have anything to contribute. I'm just commenting so this video gets more comments.
Can you do a video on Trump's proposed tax plan?
Point 3, we can all agree the DNC and Hillary leaked emails is something that happened and everybody agrees they are REAL. How about we discuss the contents John, something nobody in the mainstream media even considered covering. Why is that John?
Mr. Green, I thank you for explaining this.  I recall you doing something similar when the Ukrainian government was overthrown over three years ago.  I appreciate that you took the time to take this complicated (and very unresolved) issue.
AC on the fritz John?
We should've known about the wiki leaks anyways... it's hillary's fault she lost, not the Russians lol
To my knowledge there is no evidence of any hack into the DNC servers. To the best of anyone's knowledge the DNC server was never hacked. If I am mistaken...could somebody please provide evidence of this malfeasance?
Resist- Remove- Peace
Excellent. Thank you, John.
good unbiased information dump.
Bernie would have won
Get a grip alt-right morons
This video is almost TEN MINUTES long! Doesn't that mean a PUNISHMENT is in store?
THE AMERICAN ELECTION IS LIKE A LOTTO. WHO WINS GETS TO SCREW THE PUBLIC IF HE LIKES. HARD TO TELL WHO IS THE GOOD GUY AND WHO THE BAD GUY IS. THE AMERICAN VOTERS PAY THE PRICE ALWAYS
Russia definitely tried to influence the election, but @MkBlyth explains how @realDonaldTrump actually won. https://youtu.be/Fq_NMyKfNoY?t=9s
Want to know how I make $1,000+ a month doing the most simple thing possible? Click the link below to find out! \n\nhttp://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=30205
TRUMP + RUSSIA = NOTHING*\n*just the fact that we found nothing , just proves they are hiding something.
our democracy...\n\nHaha that's funny.
That's a nice vlog there, vlogbrother.\n\n*winkie face*
I like you John, but the just believing US intelligence services just because they say something? No, thank you.
The DNC was NOT hacked it was an inside job. https://www.thenation.com/article/a-new-report-raises-big-questions-about-last-years-dnc-hack/
So freaking glad I'm Canadian.
Hope you get paid a lot for this.
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
sorry to be a bit off point.  Just read in the NYT of 9/28 that your book Looking for Alaska made the list of most censored books in 2017.  My sincerest congratulations.  You must be doing something very right.
You know its Russian when European
I didnt listen to this video but only to say that for ANYTHING concerning RISSIA - Professor Stephen Cohen is a must.
There was no interference. There is no evidence to prove or even suggest it. Don’t be fooled people
Shut up with all this library shit, last I checked this wasn't Adam Ruins Everything
Man stupid Watergate is just taking forever. Any CEO of a major corporation would have had to sit in court already but because it's that orange fool he seems to be immune to anything. Insult women, outrage but nothing is done about it. Insult Mexicans, some outrage but because they're undesirables nothing offs done about it. It's so weird looking in from the outside. Can somebody just call another election already?
Fair video, I enjoy listening to the facts not the propaganda MSM tries to shove down my throat
Show me the man and I'll find you the crime.
You're beating a dead horse, kid.
... And you miss the point where Comey leaked information to the press. Illegal... Sour grapes.
Oh, commie SJWs. When will you freaks give it up? The only thing Donald J. Trump is gonna be convicted of is winning a 2nd Presidential election. You are losing the culture war and have no facts to actually debate policy so, you resort to conspiracy theories. 😂😂😂 The fact that you take issue with Trump yet admire Clinton only adds to your hypocritical delusions. Clinton forgot more about being a crooked politician than Trump could ever dream of learning. #Trump2020 #KeepAmericaGreat 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Honestly.. I couldn't follow all of what he said. But what I heard was  insightful.
The DNC leak was an inside job. Proven by the article in The Nation, buried by the MSM. That leaves you with RT articles and Twitter bots, which are an inevitable byproduct of the information age. Manafort is irrelevant. he was jettisoned over a year ago. The whole thing is a nothingburger. Just get over it. The Flynn meetings and the Sessions meetings were meaningless. No we are not outraged. This story is going going gone.
Subscribe to me! i'm russian!
Hiii vlog brothers i have one question im curious to know what driven ppl in ancient world to do war on each other. ( kinda know about this ) and what happen to that soldier who died in battle and what they really get in return from participating in wars. what happen to there families?  lol anicient world question
You have small eyes bro
Links from msm... more fake news
So this whole thing is about thing of value? What a waste of time.
America messed in other country's elections so they deserve it. I give a pat on Putin's back for good work
I with Julian Assange on this one.
Turned your video off at the first falsehood, only took 10 seconds.  DHS stated this week, there is not a single shred of evidence.  There was no collusion with Trump camp and Russia, it simply didn't happen.
This is the same type of evidence a child uses to determine if the pretty girl in class knows your name. 8:22\nP.S - She just thinks your a nothing burger
Even if the Russians did interfere with our elections, do Americans not realzie how many elections that the American government have interfered in
Sigh....I'm dissapointed. \n1) No new information or insight about established information.\n2) All of the Facts you list are questions, they don't provide answers \n3) None of this courtroom Evidence. As frustrating as that is because there is so much unprecedented but circumstantial evidence.\n4) The FBI and many members of Congress agree that Russia......  IS NOT PROOF. Those 2 bodies have extensive histories of law-breaking, perjury and deception.\n5) I was hoping you guys would be SCIENCY and informs us WHY the FBI and members of Congress agree that Russia did it.\nBecause if you ask the PROFESSIONALS in Hacking and Cyber Security, the proof FBI gave that Russia Hacked emails and cyber-attacked voting systems is NO PROOF.
It's a whole nothing burger.
If this is the reason Hillary  is not in office, ...............all I can say is thank you  Russia.
Why doesn't this guy mention what the leaks were? Since they had such a huge impact in Trump's favor, I would assume the actual contents of the leak would be discussed. This guy and the media are holding from you info you should know. The Russians wanted the American people to know how fd up the establishment dems are! Stop being ignorant.
Loving the fact the trump-Russia ideology, and the Russian influenced election was just  started by 4chan, the news and government is so scared they blame Russia instead of calling out the real winners. Now today we got this video lol you guys are too deep.
 Thank you John for making this video :^) \n\n$0.05 has been deposited into your account
Pee pee tape?\nBut no really what about the Steele dossier? Not saying it's utterly true, just that some of it has been corroborated, the dude behind it was considered a credible source of intelligence, and it is relevant, right?
what we know - leftists are forever lying cry-bullies;   FBI was never given access to DNC servers - gee, nothing fishy there\nJohn Podesta on the executive board of Joule Unlimited which received millions from a Putin-connected Russian govt fund;   \nBill Clinton received half a million dollars for a speech he gave in Moscow, paid by a Russian firm that has ties to Russian intel
What do the vlogbrothers think about ideological and psychological safe spaces vs. unfettered spaces for free discourse (free speech spaces? or free discourse spaces?)
John, I still think you did an amazing job in your original video.  You said we don't have the whole story. Comments seem to want you to have a crystal ball with the whole story.  Not only the whole story but THEIR version of the whole story. \n\nLet's wait for the facts, shall we?  And dftba and make a few mistakes now and then. If we didn't we would be so very boring
Yankees, just go home live your lives and leave the rest of us live ours. Also, Mr. Green, get your facts straight, will ya?
Probably my favorite part of this video was when he said that almost anyone can find conformation bias evidence
I'm not saying you guys need to redo the election, but I'm saying you guys need to redo the election.
I'm 13 seconds in. You look like you're a Hillary supporter, so I'm gonna put you on blast if you asperse President Trump in any way throughout the whole video, or if you sprinkle it around in the video like paprika and ground pepper.
Captivating, John. Why don't you become a politician!!
most air quotes in a video.\ncan someone explain the reports of people using private emails that have been in the news? does it matter which email account they use or are the reports implying that they are breaching government confidentiality by talking to people they shouldnt? assuming the 2nd part but the articles tend to be vague.
Oh boy,  I love when YouTubers, or any public figure, thinks they need to talk about Trump:/ like dude just put your content out, no one cares about your political opinion
_no one else was in the room where it happened_
A year later, you libtards still can't get over trumps win 😂 you guys are a bunch of snow flakes ❄
Forgot to mention this is all speculation
I was expecting some some cringe, but this was all very reasonable.  I would have thought it might be worth the mention that the US government routinely intervenes in foreign elections, just to give some broader context.
That moment when everyone thinks the comments will suck but they aren’t that bad
PROPAGANDA PROPAGANDA PROPAGANDA\n\nPROPAGANDA PROPAGANDA PROPAGANDA\n\nPROPAGANDA PROPAGANDA PROPAGANDA
Russia had no envolvment bud. \nPutin gains NOTHING.
A secret spy agency with a track record of terrible failures says Trump is connected to Russia and you pay attention. Your confirmation bias is showing. And the appeal to authority logic fallacy is so sophomoric. You get an F.
In the first 35 seconds immediate focus on Russian crimes. Do you want to hold up a mirror to the US?? Do they invade or bomb countries???
Oh boy, here we go with more of this... can we please go back to science where people are actually finding evidence of cool things, rather than just pointing fingers like first graders?
When the CNN anchor says that the Russia story is complete BS than you know that Russia actually had nothing to do with the election. Liberals still looking for stupid reasons to believe they hacked the entire election for trump to win 😂😂
Its clear Mr. Green is defending his political opinions and not prosecuting them in this video, which is intellectually dishonest.  Instead of looking to make a case for what you believe to be true make a case against it.
The DNC email leak was an inside job. We should be investigating the murder of Seth Rich, not this half-witted speculation about Russian hackers.
Two globalist MSM fake news outlets published the same details? LOL CONFIRMED FACTS. Watch the Project Veritas videos, it's all debunked. Media is lying.
Fakenews
Run for office
Можешь сделать русские субтитры?
but what if Trump is trying to overthrow the deep state, at the same time not get assassinated like JFK
Hey everyone, remember when Boris Johnson went on a grand tour to tell us all to vote for Obama?  I guess that had no value.
With respect to the claims about Michael Flynn:\nIn 2015, Flynn received about $45,000 for attending Russian state TV network RT’s gala dinner in Moscow, where he sat next to Russian president Vladimir Putin. He also received $530,000 for consulting work that likely benefited the Turkish government while working as a top adviser to Trump’s presidential campaign.\nSource: https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/apr/25/michael-flynn-russia-payment-house-panel-investigation\n\nSo this is 'Russian influence on the election', via Flynn?  Or is Flynn supposedly working on behalf of Putin, and not, for example, Erdogan?\n\nI guess that 'Turkey hacked our elections!' wouldn't sell as well, and doesn't meet propaganda goals.\n\n(This example is a good indicator of the quality of this Putin-Trump nonsense.  It isn't quite lies -- mostly -- but it is incredibly distorted in a deliberate fashion to misrepresent the full truth.  One result is you make allies of idiot Trump supporters -- oh, and some racists who aren't technically idiots, I guess -- and those who oppose Trump but are more concerned about the 'Trump derangement syndrome' that leads to this insanity.)
I just hope trump supporters actually listen to the video instead of just yelling libtards,pc,leftist,sjws, at their screens. Smh
The present and future of our democracy is much more threatened by the FISA requests and unmasking.  How about your next video addressing 'FISA Requests and Unmasking a Presidential Campaign of the Opposing Party while in Power.'\n\nTo me this is a monumentally greater threat to democracy than the tangential stuff you identified here.  Even if Trump and Co. colluded, it is unlikely that this would be repeated.  But if Obama and Co. used to power of the state to spy on an opposition party during a campaign (we call that a 'fishing expedition'), this is a very real and present threat which can be abused by either party.  We united as Americans can defeat any foreign enemy.  But for the enemy within, the threat is real and grave.  Give me your thoughts.
That Liverpool badge looks strange
Liverpool fans are annoyed
Van Dijk may be the only player that gets fifa ratings
wonder why he said Sturridge
His English is great 👍
Sturridge wen his fit JUST COME TO LIVERPOOL VIRGIL VAN DIJK
much better than alli and so much humble
Haha he had to say Sturridge
When he said: Sturridge, when he's fit 😂
Im surprised how good his english is
If he went liverpool he would have been a 85 for sure
He should have a better rating
Seems like a nice guy
Everybody thinks they're better.
VVD knows. Fit Studge 🔥🔥
Van Dijk come to Liverpool in January pleaseee 😭😭😭
Did he say sturridge
Very good defender. Sturridge and Aguero do pull defenders away because they're always running at a different velocity. And of course VVD wants a move to either club so can't knock the brotha for saying that.
His card he wrote in would be worth 500k plus
I would personally like to see you allow the player to write his own stats before he sees what EA gave him. Spice things up a bit.
His rating next year will skyrocket once he joins LFC
Rio talking to a Loserpool player. Errrrr.... error 404!!! 😂😂😂\nRio talking to a Southampton player.*
Would be the most used defender in the game
Should they put they're ratings in before you show them?
What a tank in video game and real life
I think there's a mistake on the title he plays for Liverpool not Southampton c'mon get your act together
Big up the fs&hg tune
They don't give high pace to CB's to avoid them from being overpowered, annoying but whatever. Also, Dutch people have excellent English.
He's happy except from the badge on the card
They got the wrong team
How the hell does he have the same physique as Akinfenwa?...dont get me wrong, he is very strong but compared to Akinfenwa? No way..
His english is better than rooney\n\n\n\n\nClassic😂
The stats are perfect but the passing is meant to be 72 or73
Lower the passing by 10 and pace by 5 he deserves an 84. Quality CB
I'd love to play a game against rio he seems like a sound guy and easy to get past
He said sturigge and Aguero because he wants to move to LFC and MC
Rio tell him he will nothing if he moves to liverpook
Van dijk and Keita for us next TW I hope.. Although Keita already signed for 2018 season
Looks a little bit like Alli when he's laughing…
Wait those stats are wrong... it says 69 dribbling but he actually has 70 on Fifa 18
85 passing cmon mate
❤❤❤
Please join liverpool
What are those cards made of always wondered
He wouldn't have those stats at Liverpool after conceding 50+ goals a year
He be a Liverpool player in January
Actually seems like a sound guy tbf
Keep the footballers reacting to stats videos coming
Do one with Benjamin mendy
Sube el camino hijueputa
Plz upload these daily
Do one with kolasinic
Greatest athlete YouTuber
Este canal ya chafeo, solamente hablan del FIFA... ¿cuanto te pagaron los de EA, Rio?
he looks like offset from migos LOL
Van Dijk Come to Liverpool
Van dijk should be higher in everything 😂
first
Van dijk is the only CB that can save Liverpool tbh \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThen again I love to see Liverpool suffer 😂
U didn't show him his bloody FIFA 18 card rio
Wow Rio interviewing a Liverpool player now..oh wait..
What the... when did he ever face off against Studge?
I think Sturridge is better than Firmino when he isnt injured. Sturridge is actually great at football. But he really never gets play time either. Firmino was good like 1-2 seasons ago. But he havent rly done anything yet.
The man, still miss him up in Glasgow one of the best players I've ever seen wear the hoops 🍀
Rio wants to be having a little chat with VVD about a cheeky switch to Old Trafford.
When is fifa 18 coming out
How can this man say sturridge is one of the hardest he has played against he literally had him in his pocket the hole match in the league cup
Guys I am from Holland van dijk Will never go to Liverpool he wants to go to Arsenal because of dutch players they had denis bergkamp,Marc overmars,Glenn helder
Hey guys, I tried uploading this a few days ago, but had a technical fault - so had to remove it! If you're wondering why you've seen it before - you were in the lucky 1000 views previously! X
The fact that she drops everything just freaks me out 😂 no offense, love you em 💓
Cara delevingne brows right there
Love your vids. This one is super quiet though :/ no hate! Just didn't know if you were aware. :)
I thought this would be a fail for sure. Pretty cool. Definitely would be hard to get even I think
Keep this background pls
I just love how clumsy you are and so jumpy. So cute! Love your chanell btw!
I love the fact that now she smiles alot in the videos 😍😍\n. Yes.. that brow stamp .. nailed it 😍
These brows look SO good on you!! No one has perfectly matching brows so no one would give yours a second look. We are our own worst critics - but this looks really, really good. Like, I want to try it now!!!
could u do a full face of elf i know that you done a full face of drugstore with some elf products in but could you do a full face if that possible? btw i luv ur channel :)
Wow I think you actually look good with the thicker brow! AND I WAS NOT EXPECTING THAT TO WORK THAT WELL. Thanks for another awesome video, Em! 💖
your videos make me so happy ♡♡♡
Hi have you tried the foundation from dermacol ?
Plzzz change ur name from my pale skin to beautiful me coz u look so beautiful
That eyebrow is going to be walking 2 paces ahead of the rest of my body! HAHAHA! You are amazing and hilarious! <3
U need to spend 3 weeks on them  brows lol
Try the EgoEra facial mask maker. It looks interesting.
Actually this is intriguing! I'm missing half an eyebrow from a dog attack if this would work then it would save me so much time everyday having to completely draw on my brow from scratch and having to match it to the other. Does anybody know how pigmented the powder is on just plain skin???
Your reactions was so funny! I tried it on my mother but oh no, it wasn't so pretty lol
You're always dropping things 😂 \nLove your videos ♥️
your mazing and make my day your so funny! ENERGY. BUT can we get fall makeup LOOK?! OR NO..AND look idk stamp hmm how make eyebrows perf lmaooo did , OTHER HACKS instgram hype lol no missed video so new! TROOPER MOTIVATION GREAT . what foundation using?!
I love this!  I'm going to have to try it.  I would love to see a tutorial on your makeup look in this video!
You're the only person I've seen who didn't completely miss their brow when using this product!!
Yes I‘ve seen this video a few days ago😂
Brow stamp pretty cool....what eye shadow are you wearing it's lovely!!!
Love the video! So happy you finally uploaded this video!
I feel like you already did this before! Dejavue. Just like the video where you tested the Derma-high-coverage foundation! :D
I thought that only i have got one easy-brow and one hard-brow x)
I really like the thicker brow on the left.
Hey !! Just one suggestion- start giving marks out of 10 to the products u review. That would be good. Love your videos. :*
I CANT BELIEVE YOUR GOING TO HELLOWORLD ARGH I AM SO EXCITED
I think this could actually work for me!? Still better than doing it all with my clumsy hand! LOL :D
The product is pretty good may try it myself 😊
Not lucky one... Wish I could 😨😞
I literally just watched reaction time react to your pale skin video about how you are ugly your such an inspiration and continue to do what you are doing 🙂
Awesome video!!!!
Does anybody prefer the harder brow
I liked it!!
👍👍👍👍👍
Here before 3k views !
i love u
17th comment
your so pretty
Love your smile❤❤❤
Earlyy❤
How could somebody be soooo fcking gorgeous? Iloveyou em!!💓 from philippines.
Notification squad!!! 💙💙💙💙
second!!
I’m not firsttttt 😂😭😭😭
love u
First!
You're super beautiful, Em! 😍😍😍😍✨✨✨✨
wait model eyebrows statemaent fashion WEEK!
love cool idea! i wonder fav nudes lol
Was this video already uploaded because I have already watched this and then it went private x
who else thought that the 2nd brow was op? xD
Love this review!!! You're always so honest and truthful. You are literally the only YouTuber I trust with your opinion! #snapchatfam
What foundation are you wearing here. Your skin looks great
U r so beautiful. An inspiration to us all 😍❤👑
Really surprising how nice it looked! Id be scared to try it 😱
I dunno but almost all of her unboxing vids she MUST act clumsy and something MUST fall down. Annoying.
you look amazing and perfect like everday
Any other beauty youtubers want to sub to each other x
Love this Em! Made me giggle whilst packing for my new flat move! Can I just say the volume seem a little quiet! Good video though! <3 xxxx
OML How much I Love Your videos <3 \nAnd I tried it and it was lookin really bad on , But Your eyebrows looks cool !
They look so good!! I literally do my brows in 5 seconds for each lol
I love the harsh brow look on you
Super love your review always. ❤️ #notifsquad
First comment mother frickerrr
It looked great on you!! Wow! 👌🏼
I'm such a fannnn 💕
Try rolling the stamp so it get the whole brow
I am pleasantly surprised at the results. Good job!
I am genuinly so surprised at how they came out! Brow game on point!
OMG you totally nailed it Em!!! 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌👏👏👏👏👏😘😘
First comment!!!!! Love your videos they are so inspiring!
why don't you just fill in your brows like a normal person... this would probably make my brows really uneven! lol (if i do it)
How to get subtitles in English?
Thank you Sony! Best usage of money I've seen spent in 2017. You could easily fund a season or feature length anime and it would print money. I can't wait to see the new movie in October!
Genialer Film, geniales Universum & sehr guter Tie-In. Freue mich riesig auf 2049!
Excellent, they should do a full movie!
LOVE THIS! WE NEED A FULL ON MOVIE.
15 minutes..............I want more!!!! Superb!!!
Weyland, Yutani, Tyrell and Wallace.
This was superb! As I'd expect from the creator of COWBOY BEBOP. I love the cyberpunk theme. Can't wait for BR2049 and Cyberpunk 2077 from CD Projekt.
if the new movie is even half as good as this, we're gonna be in for something breathtaking
Fanfkntastic !!! ....... I'd love to see THIS on the 'big screen' !!!
I expect nothing less from the director of cowboy bebop
This is a masterpiece
Better 3d effects in a anime than the new berserker
What a tasty morsel!\n\nCross your fingers! My hope is that the anime master is up for The Animatrix Chronology and a story arc that spans nearly a thousand years.. that lead up to the 4th coming Matrix sequel that it draws from.
they should make this into a movie or a series
our lord, the savior,deckard will save the world.
Good one)All praise to Denis and Co.
Really awesome
9:06 Storm trooper accuracy.
MASTERFUL <3
Epico!!!!!!!!!
Meh.
superb....keep this going!!!!
Brilliant work.
Wonderful 👏
... Bravo!...
thank you
Amazing
So, why not just do the 9th Star Wars film like this?
I don't like the song of the credits, too much pop.
LOL - So Blade Runner is doing exactly the same thing that the Matrix did with the Animatrix - small vignette animation to fill in the timeline - and they end up pretty much the same plot point. Thank you for destroying my hopes for 2049 with the dated supremacist vibes.. and the jihadi nexus doesn't get blown up by the explosion?
Hottest? I'll go with the maker of these videos :)
I am so hot that even the sun cowers in pain.
How hot did the Cleveland Indians get, when they won 20 games in a row?
Fahrenheit makes no sense. If you want accuracy, use Kelvin instead.
Came down for the mixtape comments
A notable portion of your facts are off on nearly every video. UK is not divided on their temperature measurements. If they are, it is as much as me - one person - primarily using the metric system in the US. Most household ovens go up to 260 degrees (500 Fahrenheit). Daniel Fahrenheit was German, not Dutch. Seriously, every single damn video spews false information. I like the videos, and the animation, but get your shit together.\n\nEdit: Fahrenheit did do most of his research in Amsterdam, but he was from Germany.
When I was working in Saudi Arabia last year, we spent a weekend in the desert at the height of summer, and their thermostat at the Bedouin read 65 degrees Celsius... I told them that that seems a bit high and suspected that it might have been the instrument that heated up more than the temperature outside, but I must admit, that was the hottest natural heat I have ever experienced.
You failed to mention my last mixtape.
you know what's hot right now my frys 🔥
The hottest thing EVER is \n\n\n\n\n\nME
Surprisingly I didn't make it on this list
Please compare Samsung and apple company's
Well there is a thing called Plank+1, Which was unofficially named as MNMT, or Maximum Nuclear Molecular Temperature, which to some, was a bit of a mouthful, so I just shortened it to...\n\n\n\n\n\nMy New Mix Tape
I hope everyone complaining about him using Fahrenheit realize that he put the Celsius temp next to it
This video is so hooooot!
You know what's hotter?\n\n\n\n\n\nMy crush
Made me sad in the beginning. I love this planet 😢😭
the uk isn’t divided, we definitely only use celcius. its just the us who uses fahrenheit lol
Smallest countries in the world
Totally awesome that's really really hot .you done an excellent job on this..Thank you so much for your videos and everything you do.
I thought is titled Hottest Woman in the Planet
Me right now. That is the hottest a person has ever been.
Everyone saying where is my ( there) mix tape \n*Irony* \n\n\n\n\nBut where is my *phone* ?
Avg temp in in India during summer reaches 48 degree
I know a hot thing ...\n\n\n\n\nHOT
A termocouple? Spelling error on that card.
the whole world uses celsius (except the us) Let me make my video and use farenheit >.>
Make a military comparison
Mate, no one in the UK uses fahrenheit.
I don't comment very much, but you create some of the best videos on YouTube. All your videos are entertaining and well put together.
ok but let's be real. the hottest thing ever is me
Do ISIS vs North Korea
I live in the UK and have never heard anyone use Fahrenheit so I can’t say we’re divided
stop using fahrenheit, the rest of the world uses celsius smh
No one in the UK uses Fahrenheit.
In the UK we exclusively say celcius at least in Scotland.
The hottest recorded place was in in Algeria was 140°
it was 63c in kuwait this year, i went their for summer vacation.... which was more like stay indoors.
well.. I'm hot af so yeah :'D
Why if you said that every one uses Celsius (except 2) you keep using fahrenheit? It is time to enter the international system of measures... even when you explain things
Im the hottest thing in the world dudes
Uhh no you messed up the hottest part of the flame is the blue piece. Fix it now
 It depends on which Volcano you are sitting in 
Why isn’t your mom on this list?
We don't use Fahrenheit here in the UK at all.
Fahrenheit is a concept which is over 300 years old. \n\n\nUse metric and Celsius, it is much more simplified and modern.
Did you just imply that you're a proponent of imperial measurements? I just lost so much respect for you dude.
No division - the UK uses Celsius.
The hottest thing is my ringpiece after eating a vindaloo & full jar of jalapeño peppers
Can you make a video about indonesia vs north korea ?
Celsius is in base 10, easier to record and do science with..
i see its on trending so i helped to like
Bro im in Kuwait wile sweating looking at this. This summer it was 128 😡 cant wait to go back to the states. 🙌🇺🇸
Surprised i wasnt on the list
You can't follow up something we created at 7 trillion degrees. With 6000.
Even my crush is hot
In the UK we never use Fahrenheit!
Why am I not on the list?
Temp of a blackhole?  I know it has to be hot!  A black whole video would be cool.
Wait so if the sun got so hot the surface was toasted does that mean mars will be able to have life since it won’t be that cold?
Why am I not here?
The hottest thing on the planet \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMe 😎
It's actually me
Man can never be hot
Don’t forget about marble bar, Australia which gets regular weeks of 49-50 degree days IN A ROW and once had 136 days in a row over 38.
Australia regularly reaches those temperatures as well. It's the start of spring here and it was just 40 degrees Celsius
My head is hotter when I get mad
Where's Emma Watson?
They forget to mention Airhostess !!!
AZ
*Celsius Master Race*
Fahrenheit was german
Me.
Anyone who uses Celsius= 1 like
Fahrenheit is gay\nCelsius is more logical.\nLife if you agree!
Just use Celsius..
uk is fully Celsius
You forgot me
Hottest thing? Ur mom
Gf
My mix
Y'all forgot something...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMy mixtape
I know something even hotter\n\n\n\n\nMy mixtape
Fahrenheit? Seriously?
nothing else is hotter than jamal's mixtape
The hottest thing is Dashie's mixtape
Me
Fahrenheit.....why.......
ur mom
|    ●\n  | <  |    I'm hot\n  |  /\n/--\
:l \n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm rusty
Burning my tongue
Stupid animations
Duh. My gf is hotter.
Nice video
Me
im the hot
Number 1: me
سبحان الله وبحمده ---- سبحان الله العظيم
The video is great, but you were really annoying me and the rest of the world with Fahrenheit, just because you are form the US doesn't mean you should use Fahrenheit, pounds, inches, feet,  miles. Why you might ask:\n1. Water freezes at 0c, water boils at 100c\n2. 1 tone=1000 kilograms\n3. 1 kilometer=1000 meters, 1 meter=10 decimeters, 1 decimeter= 10 centimeters, 1 centimeter= 10 millimeters\n4. Day, Month, Year; because a day is shorter then a month
Jesus fucking Christ you must drink a lot of water I can see all of your veins popping out
I'm holding back tears, this video is so powerful.
YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD BE COOL, him making a video about how to wash dishes...
There are SO MANY ways to spice up cheap ramen noodles! You should do a vid on some of them. **This idea is trademarked. You will owe me $608.00 if you use it. Cutting you some slack 'cause good content.**
Question! Why did you put the 0 under your finger?
Made this for my parents without the cucumbers
The steps taken to sabotage yourself is the best.
but she went on date with me after to taco Bell to me proposing... ;)
I had no idea that water could get hotter than boiling and I work for a public water supplier.
Dude my wife's name is Shannan.. and guess what my name is. Shits fucked up yo...
Dude, you are better than that pasty bitch!
Get some olive oil in the pan\n*empty's the whole bottle*\nBut be careful! Do not pour too much..
Can u make ramen on this channel?
*e a r  s y r u p*
Wow, pretty dark video on this one, eh?
I literal lol at all these videos.  Usually,  I just giggle or think Oh that's funny. But this guy gets belly laughs every time
When did this channel get so dark? Also, no song at the end? :(
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Hey man, I would never walk out on you over some ear syrup.
FUck that was actually sad
Want to know how I make $1,000+ a month doing the most simple thing possible? Click the link below to find out! \n\nhttp://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=30205
YOU were mad Nuts 4 this one bro funny as hell LOL!
What's the piano song at the end,?
Is this the same guy that does Imaginary Ambition?
How do u get on trending so much?
When he speed cuts everything it's soooo satisfying
You are great at doing this
that food looks really good,especially the ice cream
Bu- but... what if I don't love Jeb? :((
Now it's normal to be nervous.. pits sweaty, cant speak, spaghettinis on the table already.\n\nim going to tell myself this when im scared oml
Always live the WangJangel but no Pepper Pepper Pepper this time😥
That trash thing might actually be a good idea
lol... actually you suck at cooking, i mean i guess its nutritious... but in no way do i think it tasted very good...
Watch as a young YouTuber slowly slips into insanity....
I had a genuine wave of despondency when the mannequin walked out on you.
Your channel is the sole reason I decided to give Hello Fresh a try..  no regrets o.o
Why didn't you draw a gun tattoo for the clickbait and views?
i like your shoes
How to basic lite edition
That salad spinner is still going
You had me at Ear Syrup.
you have to upload more and you will hit 1 mil in no time.... btw bring back blimoto
I am waiting for a video when he just loses it and turns into howtobasic
I loved this video!
God I love this channel
I love you... and also suck at cooking
At the end if you turn on subtitles it says subscribe or die😂
I lost my shit at the EAR SYRUP
OMG THIS JUST GOT ME $200 for free http://teensearnbank.com/?ref=Dayyaanmk
Subscribed to HelloFresh with the promo code. Hope this helped support you! :)
I love that this is trending! 🙃
The pasta actually looks pretty good
This has a shocking lack of swearing for these videos
She was too inanimate for you anyway
THAT WAS SO SAD.
WHAT ANNOYS ME ABOUT AFRICAN AMERICAN BOOTY HOLES IS THAT THEY'RE NOT IN AFRICA WHERE THEY SHOULD BE LIVING AND SPEAKING THEIR OWN AFRICAN LANGUAGES AND WEARING THEIR OWN AFRICAN CLOTHING AND MAKING THEIR OWN AFRICAN MUSIC AND PLAYING THEIR OWN AFRICAN SPORTS. YOU AFRICAN BLACKS AREN'T GOING TO SPEAK THE WHITE MANS LANGUAGE AND LIVE WITH US WHITE FOLKS FOREVER ARE YOU? MY LIFE LONG STRUGGLE WITH THE AFRICAN BLACKS. I HIGHLY DISLIKE MULTICULTURALISM AND DIVERSITY AND ANTI-CHRIST JUDAISM AND ISLAM.
That got too real
Wow I wish I found this channel earlier I love this lmao
3:55 so you're dating a little person?
Near that end it made me sad
CONGRATS ON MAKING IT TO TRENDING TAB MY BEAUTIFUL MAN
Dude, I love your sense of humour, you're like Demetri Martin's lost brother haha!
He is so cute......... 😍😘
liek if you cried
Omg lol this is awesome!
Omg bro that was too funny
sciroppo d'orecchio
SAD
2:15 super Carlin brothers' old theme
4:56 turn on subtitles
So clever
ear syrup
This so so funny
Certified subliminal message free lolol
Showing that thigh? Scandulous! 😱
Your hands are so veiny
Hey
Danm he's growing fast
Who hurt you?
The disrespect
EAR SYRUP
Better than twilight
Needs more asiago
Yayayayayay u posted
Isn't cucumber a fruit tho?\nVideo ruined 1/10
Ear syrup
18 on trending pretty awesome man
Execute order 66
Good Job Of Trending!
🌲🌲
Ear syrup
I love ysac!
you suck at cooking - soylent?
This guy reminds me of CasuallyExplained
I actually laughed hard at 2:14
Make garlic bread.
DEPRESSION
On 12th on trending
Why so sad
No you suck at cooking
Literally my dream 🎃 You are living the good life ladies.
That green bath bomb is called Lord Of Misrule
YES to the Christmas one
I need to know where Emma's dress is from!!!
Ectoplasm is a jelly bath bomb so you should've put your hand in the water
Louise, you look so lovely with your rosy hair and your perfect curls! ^o^
Pretty sure that’s the Lord of Misrule bath bomb?? X
Mama glitter brings me soo much joy, even better when its a video about lush bath bombs (:
aw, did they know ectoplasm was a jelly bomb?
I don't have a bath, so devo :'(
The green mystery bath bomb is the lord of Misrule bath bomb!
The green bath bomb was lord of misrule as well!
After a long day, this was just perfect. Love you ladies!
Louise’s jumper is so cute!
Christmas Lush line range demo and collab with Emma please.
I love the couch in the background!!!
Rose Quartz is that you?
I just went to Lush today! I got a couple of Halloween bits (Pumpkin & Monsters' Ball bath bombs and Bewitched bubble bar) plus the Rocket Science bath bomb 😊.
😂😂😂😂😂 take a shot every time they say  OoooooOoooOOOOhhhhhhhhhhhhOooooo 😂😂😂😂. Louise you look amazing with black eyeshadow! 💜💜💜
that first bath bomb you tested was ectoplasmic (ayyyyyyy)
I love walking past the Lush shop. The smells rush out of the doors up my nostrils
The Magic Wand soap looks like one of those liquorice sticks with flavour inside
That green bath bomb one is Lord of Misrule 😊
Not for me that bit killed me!! Swear I'm still laughing!! I love you Louise!! Xc
Is it just me who thinks the pink one looks like a butthole😂😂
Loved this video but I have a phobia of polystyrene so the close ups and playing of that  I couldnt handle but otherwise loved it
Haha, I couldn't stop laughing at I think we've sniffed too many balls! Secretly still 12, not 26 at all. 😂
If you like earth 😂😂love you both❤️xx
Loved this video! Got the notification whilst in college and waited all day to get home and watch it! I'd love a Christmas one too!!
Obsessed with watching you two now. 😂😂😂😂
Love these types of videos!!xx
Oh such fun!!!! I clearly need to get me to lush!!!
I work for Lush and the foamy bits you got in your box - actually dissolve. If you run them under the tap they'll disappear. They're made from potato starch, so you can actually eat them....but I don't advise it! Hope you love the Halloween range <3
Louise! your eyeshadow looks amazing, what are you wearing?
You look freaking great in black please take note
Hi lewise, my mum is an ambassador for a brand called tropic that is amazing for when you're pregnant as it is so natural, she didnt ask me to say this but i just thought you would really like some of their new stuff out this season. Xx
You should post a cover of C'est La Vie
Why is she always in the trending tab?
I love your top Lou!!!!!
Where did you buy your spooky bowl?
YOU ARE AMAZING LOUISE!!!! I hope me and my friends are just like you two one day! (I'm twelve)
The green bath bomb is Lord of Misrule~
I love the videos you two do together! And yes!! Please do a video with the Christmas range from Lush! :)
You ladies make double over with laughter. Dear goodness I loved this!
For some reason I keep repeating the replay button of the start. Lolol. That dance and chant though 😂 this is Halloween, Halloween,  Halloween
I knew the water was going to be purple at the end!
The goth fairy is Dan...
The green bath bomb was the Lord of Misrule bath bomb ❤️ I would love to see you do the Christmas range too, 2 of my favourite YouTube things is one!!! I bought most of the Halloween 🎃 and Christmas 🎄 range recently online and loved opening mine and love to see both your reactions to the Christmas 🎅🏻 range too this vid was brilliant xx
The green bathbomb is Lord of misrule - like the shower gel! And is amazing in the bath\nThe ectoplasm is a jelly bomb, it makes a layer of jelly to play with in the bath that dissolves after about 10 minutes x
Yours should definitely do a Christmas video, please do xoxox
Hi Louise yh please do a Christmas lush video x
I LOVE your hair. Hope baby glitter #2 lives pink as much as you. Lysm 💖💖
I know that you're still lives in their name so ha about another girl's name let Daisy because then they can both be do you name is daisy Darcy and then and then you can have Louise I love I didn't even have two I will need to Stevens
The Lush jelly bombs are so cool! I had ectoplasm and it’s awesome 😍
Omg I'd love it so much if you did a Christmas video! Love you louise❤️❤️
the mystery bomb is lord of misrule bath bomb
Thanks girls you e just brightened up my day 💕
Fab video!!! Defo going to buy some of these right now ! Just annoyed me a little how the camera kept going in and out of focus for so long 😔 I wanna see you guys!☺️💕
Omfg I needed this and please can you do a Christmas one xxxx😁😄😊❤😙💥
Please do a Christmas one.  And show us the known one
Louise the  green one you didn't know what was is the same smell and name as Liam's fav shower gel xx
Yes please to a Christmas Lush haul! 💕🎅
Yes to a video of the whole Christmas Lush range!! 🎄
I feel like this video lowered my IQ
You look like a hippo
CANNOT wait for a Christmas one and it has to feature Emma too. She's my kind of nutter and you two make such a funny duo lol xx
Sat on a train trying not to burst out laughing at all the 'oooooh's 😂
I woke up from a nap and for a split second I thought the blonde woman was darcy and I was like How long was I asleep?!
I love emma's accent
Love to see the Christmas lush range
Who's exited for Louise Dan and phillllllll
You look so stunning with pink hair and the way you did your makeup xx love your videos ❤😘
One of my favourite videos you’ve ever uploaded 🙌
Yessss Louise your 13 on trending 💓💓
PLEASE DO MORE!!!!!!!!!!
what about brummymummyof...3 ??
I bloody love LUSH ❤️🙃
I luv lush
Ooo i bloody love lush. I need that pumpkin!!
6 on trending!! Weldone :)
<3
Your jumper is the cutest! 😍✨
Omg Lou share!!!!!! Lol love you two
Love the black moisturiser pink lipstick thing!
Lush is just Lush ! 😻😍
These two are so effortlessly hilarious ❤️
YAY I LOVE EMMA
Haha definitely Bath not Barth 😂😂😂😂😂
Hi buckteeth
Mooooooore please!!!
Chubsters
CHRISTMASSSSSS
❤️❤️
Emma is hilarious
Love ur top louise
You guys are momma goals. 😂😂😂
My mum named me Tabitha after Bewitched hahaha 😂 😂
I love Emma. I could watch her do demos for days.
I love your friend. She’s so funny like you😂❤️
bet you two went down on each other on the sofa after filming
Look out, you are getting fat
Loved how the chef explained each and every dish in detail. Thanks for uploading. 😊
i love your background music choices haha.
Wow. I love that food 😍
2:57 He has three arms?
I enjoy your videos as they are interesting, informative, and I get to travel with you to so many places.  All I can say about this meal is Better You Than Me, LOL, because I wouldn't have been willing to try any of it, except for maybe the dessert.  But I'm so happy that it was an amazing meal for you!  : D
the picture behind you at 2:10 ...why!!!!!!!!!!! lol
I NEED to be there!
My eyes 👀 went directly to the painting 😱
Come to newfoundland, we have the best seafood in the world. From cod fish to lobster.
What is the name of that instrumental you're using???
You make my food taste crap while watching this video. Thank you
i love mike so much but the auto focus drives me insane!
🐷💕
lemi guess.. $300?
Wow! All the food looks delicious! 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I love bone marrow
the dessert presentation was beautiful. the food overall looked amazing
Is this meal ok to eat if you are vegan?
4:44 am i the only one who kept noticing the background
Nice girlfriend in the background
Cats?? Do you have any cats??
i was amazed at what that chef can do his a food genius
This was a delicious video as always but they were just using the nose to tail concept as opposed to actually featuring it.
From the rooter to the tooter. Well done!
This looks incredible! That beef cheek, and the pigs head dish omg...drooling lol
I love how he puts everything On the bread, the cheeks the fat the bone marrow and walnut. I love eating like that. All in one big bite.
An Chinese guy at a restaurant in Singapore ran by a French chef listening to American Rock and Roll
Love the painting in the back ground lol
The chef is french ?
TURN DOWN FOR WHAT
I sweat to god i am going there one day! I NEED THAT FOOD IN MY LIFE!!
I always wanted to go singapore, i will have to plan a visit there very soon.  What an amazing food
Hey Mike.... Turn down for what? Lol
Since no one mentioned.... Who's the girl next to you Mike? :)
I'd do anything to taste those cheeks...I mean anything....I'm talking butt stuff idec
Honestly, one of the best food adventure channels on Youtube. Keep up the great work Mikey!!!
Am I the only one who keeps salivating? 😂
Why can we not taste the food yet!? I mean c'mon [insert  company here] it's 2017!
So the cannibal version of this restaurant would be called head to toe.
Ice cream like a 65%
Anyone else notice that his video ends at 11:11 😂
Why does he have the pepper up his nose on the link to click the video. Fail
I've eaten a whole animal before!\n\n\n\n\nI'm not even a teen yet...
Ha ha from asshole to appetite.  Love the background music.  Have you tried oxtail stew or rocky mountian oysters. Maybe fish cheek and tongue...the cheeks taste like scallops.  Fish eggs/spon.?  My husband likes odd dishes. Real odd. He even eats groundhogs. YUK.  I have had raw clams.
The painting behind tho😶😂... You know he did that on purpose lol
I can't focus on mike's food, my eyes keep on looking at the picture behind mike kinda distracting
2:55 how do you have 3 hands?
Jackie chan trying out food never looked better 👌🏼
Mike literally anything and everything,  and I love it
I'm running down the list of noodle sauces that would go well with those pig skin noodles.  Something with a chili bean sauce and vinegar plus other goodies would go well with the texture of the pig skin.
2:56 how many hands does it take to cut a sausage?
That's it! I'm buying a ticket to Singapore
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiAq_SU0ED1C6vWFMnw8Ekg  guys check out the food ranger
When are you going back to Poland would love to see that
That all looked so could that I could cry.
Mikey what is the name of this restaurant?
Did you hit? She's offering...
This dude looks like that dude that is very famous and knows kong fu and he acts in movies
Who were with you?
hyep mike...\nplease do the review for this meal...\nDEATH LEVEL SPICY HOT POT SICHUAN, China
I liked the video... It was hard to watch his reactions since the painting of the woman with her legs spread wide open was a bit distracting....
This was intense. And that chef is next level. Mike gave him props unlike that unsocial psycho looking dude Mark Wiens. No offense!!
Oh chef dont wave your knife like that
Hearing Bob Seagar in the backround was so sad!
Can we have les subtitles for those of us who can't understand le chef's accent?
And i'm over here, eating oranges.....
OMG...Pig skin Noodles!!! Crispy Tripe!!! I've booked my flight to Singapore just for those 2 things. :)
1.  We get to see Mike's 'O' face.\n2.  Bob Seeger is still popular in Singapore.  ;-)\n\nLooks like a good time.
Only me noticing the third hand at 2:56 ? xd
The joy in his expression when he eats...better than Andrew Zimmerman.
I want to know if you ate everything yourself or someone else is there to share with you.  That is a lot of food for one person.
Dang.Those editing skills are on point!
Hey chefs, imagine having all customers you get are just like mike
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
I love how happy food makes you
The food looks good
Who was the second fork XD?
that chef is AMAZING
Aww! You didn't show the hot pepper reaction!
Great food!! Can you do some tofu dishes in your future videos?
Just added this restaurant to my bucket list!!!!!!
the intro song is lit
2:56 Mike has 3 hands ????
That looked soooooo awesome.
Absolutely incredible video!
Absolutely sadistic
When you try omad but dumpling uploads...
Food i love food
Travel Channel sleepin on this dude.
ill stick with real food.....Mcdonalds!!!
u hated sausage. did u change ur mind XDXDXDXD
whoa its #36 US trending
All too fancy Mikey....
Cassio though
That ox check and bone marrow looked so yummy!
NUMBER 35 ON TRENDING
Gross
Have you ever tried menudo
Dying to try that spicy sauce!
There's no question about it, consciousness comes from the brain. Don't insert pseudoscience into this.
So I'm not really existent on the animal rights scene but these test sound insanely wrong.
A very informative video about a very bad idea.
they should download drivers first and put them on a thumb drive so they can install them easily
I’d watch it televised
THIS ENTIRE VIDEO IS A JOJO REFERENCE I SWEAR
This is just in time for Halloween season.
I suspect that if such a transplant were possible the nervous systems wouldn't match up. It's not like stuffing a plug into the electrical socket where things line up nicely. I suspect that afterwards the person would experience extreme sensory deprivation and might even go insane.
Is this video directed at children? because wow this is said so childlike
Lucky for me I don't need transplants. But I hope to have robot body when I'm very old and live forever YEAH!
PEG was used as a carrier fluid for electronic cigarette fluid early on, it wasn’t very popular due to its taste.
Is it possible to transplant a head of a girl to a head of a man or vice versa?
The real question is, who the heck volunteered to be a body donor...
I have a feeling that some people with high power within the medical industry would undermine this.
I really hope the surgeons play Eminems 'Lose Yourself' during the operation.\n😆
its technically.. a body transplant
This will be an amazing experiment - even if it fails. If it works - we gain a major insight into the connection between the body and the brain in addition to getting a step closer to having a synthetically grown body replacement for spinal cord injuries, lost limbs and various other conditions potentially including death! Or, if it turns out growing a body is too hard or expensive, we can just wire the head into a robotic body able to keep the head alive until a replacement body can be safely grown.\n\nThere is a first time for everything. This body transplant was bound to happen sooner or later. Even a failure here will push us towards the first success. This will be a great leap in medical science one way or the other.
just thinking about it makes me cringe
Guys, don't get ahead of our selves. ;)
What if its the head's last hope of surviving and the body donor is already clinically dead?  why does the video only explores the controversial side but at least no a single different approach
Is this some sort of European April Fool's day that I'm not aware of?
Lots of your facts are incorrect. Do you fact check at all?
Not for me thanks, but I am a registered diner.
In the name of SCIENCE!!
I imagine we'll have better luck in the future if we manage to make trainable wetware interfaces - you'd grow a network of connections into the base of the patient's brain, then attach a signal processor. Do the same to the top of the spine of the donor body. Train computers to interpret each body's signalling, then connect the computers. This way, you could correct for differences between the two nervous systems with software. Much more precise than just hoping for the best in case nerve behavior doesn't match up between bodies.\n\nOf course, we'd need to figure out how to grow those artificial nerve taps first, and then how to probe the connections without causing brain damage
The dog head being kept alive is probably the most disturbing thing I have ever seen.
Drain the head of blood, seems like a problem recovering from that alone.
It would help if ur a dullahan
I feel empathetic for the person that is so desperate to be the head to be transplanted. At least you get to fade out in a medically induced sleep knowing you will probably never wake up. The person that is willing to do this is obviously doomed to an inevitable end and the person that is brain dead is in much the same situation. Neither person has much to lose here. Also this is probably going to be someone younger and capable of handling the stress and potential recovery. There's really no reason to make this political. If the doctors are willing to try it, more power to them. Think about this as if it is you facing eminent death, early in life, and you might have a chance to live longer.
Poor donor. Gotta live the rest of his days without a body.
if i was disabled or some other life threatening issue. then yes i would have it done.
Oh, idk maybe you should do this successfully on an animal first.... All those dogs and monkeys died minutes later.
sounds weird but I would choose to change my body with one from the other gender. I don't think this will make it harder? Or take the body of a chimpanzee!
I understand how exciting it is from a scientific technical viewpoint.... and do we really need that? Who is important enough  to revive this $$$ endeavour. It would be interesting to see what this would be fotr the new combined human.. there are memories by the body beside the brain... and for example the gut brain connection... i would rather have us figure out how we can make life  good for us and all living beings on this planet first... solving urging now problems... but humans curiosity of its ability to figure out nature seems non unstoppable
Do NOT search the video of the bodyless dog. Don't do it. Just Don't.
There are thousands of nerves in the spinal chord, are they going to just glue them all together as a clump or are they going to try and connect each nerve individually and how would they know which individual nerve is which? If they glue it as a single clump, how will the nerves know what to do? it's not like the nerves themselves can seek out and find the correct corresponding nerve to connect to. If they try to do it individually, the time it would take would probably leave the brain with irreparable damage. Morality aside, this is a fascinating and exciting prospect for medical science, although I doubt very much that there is any chance of success. Respect to the person volunteering to have their head transplanted though, even if I was a quadriplegic and dying, I wouldn't be brave enough to volunteer for this operation.
there's no way it's going to be successful
What's the moral questions about, if the donor wants to donate his life to science?
I've been reading about this for a while. I'm soo curious of the outcome.
Will the person have 2 different dna s. Or will the head adapt to the body or is it the other way around?
I'm hoping such a procedure does occur, and even more so for it to be successful.
If I was terminally ill I would definitely take the procedure, even on the experimental stage. I would also consider it if I was immobilized by an accident or a disease (if it was already perfected).\n\nIf they manage to do the thing safely, I suppose this will be a gateway for ~rich~ people who would like to gender swap with fully functioning organs
sound just like instructions on how to put a phone back together
How many spinal nerve 'glue joints' will there be?
i have heard of the news where sergio gonna do it and i cant believe that a month later i think, we are gonna see the first head/body transplant
Just transplant the guys balls there problem solved (if we can do that)
So, the important question, will this be televised if it goes ahead (sorry, had to)\n\nI mean i'm not a medical expert but i would be curious to see it happen, something that has never been done before
Not so bold prediction: the procedure will fail
...just asking for a friend
Well this surgery will most definitely be a huge failure.
Just FYI, watching this video while having breakfast it's not a good idea. Speaking from experience.
If i were dying, I would say kill me.
I've been waiting for this since forever, glad Canavero found new subject, since the russian guy bailed out.
They said 150 medical staff 36 hours. The person will be in a coma for 3-4 weeks to heal the body. Where is this guy getting his facts from?
This is completely crazy and creepy. I really hope he will succeed. It would be great for the patient and a great step for medicine.
I think I'll try and hold out for a full prosthetic. Masanori Ota has been spot on for his predictions so far so it shouldn't be too much longer.
It's a multiple organ transplant. Skin, bone, nerves, muscle tissue, blood vessels. Any one of those could be rejected.
skip tp 3:00 if you are not a moron.
Wonder how messed up the persons life/body currently is, who is getting the new body transplant, with quite a big of a risk that it might fail.
Wasn’t this just a publicity stunt for metal gear solid 5?????
i think you missed probably one of the biggest questions: where is the donor body coming from?!
Maybe this is body transplant
Just thinking about this is giving me the shakes, I do not like this at all 😵😳🤦
Wait..whose _body_ are they taking it from? That guy consented?!
Does he get to keep both passports? Portrait from one and fingerprints from the other.
I cut the nerve bundle in my index finger. The surgeon stitched it back together, but after 20 years I still have poorly localized feeling in that finger because the nerves are all cross wired and shorted together. Imagine a whole spine...
imagine the possibilities if this works
That's so freaky when you think about it.
Who on earth would make that mistake of thinking Head Transplant means cutting the patient's head off and putting a new head on? I mean what was that clarification is for?
Pretty exiting stuff, the procedure and the aftermath will be something to behold
Unfortunately none of the method are proven
The patients body isn't dying.  He has a horrible way of life because he has some disease that his body doesn't work right so no walking and his arms don't work well.  I guess he's got to a point that he's ready to die if he doesn't get s good body.  I'm curious if the procedure half works like he can't move like a quadriplegic the patient was ready to day because his body was so bad but at least he could move a little.  Are they going to allow him to do an assisted suicide if he wants since he will be worse off.
I wonder who woke up and decided to donate his body..
Why... why why why why whyyyyyy wouldn’t they practice by putting accidentally severed heads back on their own bodies before doing this?
IMMORTALITY HERE I COME
Fish head curry anyone?
No way will the nerves just heal themselves with some Human superglue!  This is just experimenting, the person will be a quadriplegic, and even if he lives and it does heal the spinal cord...who knows what kind of horrible side affects might happen? It could be a fate worse than death.   No thanks...not for me, I think I'll just fade away peacefully
if this works, im calling this man DIO
Mengele would be proud!
DOUBT
Dope.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rAOyh7YmEc
Erw
MGS STUN
It’s alive! ALIVE!!!!!!!!!
Make it happen
Wait so whats stopping thr donor body from being drained of its blood when the original head is decapitated from it? \nSurely the exposed boood vessels will result in the heart pumping the blood out of the neck.... Its not like they can cauterise the wounds since they need the blood vessels to be intact
if the body  gets injured, lets say a cut, would his brain be able to communicate with his body to heal the wound if the dna wouldn't be the same?
Just to clarify, doctors do not remove the failed kidneys of the transplant recipient unless the patient is too small to carry 3 kidneys (like children) or they have a disease called Polycystic Kidney disease or PKD, which covers your kidneys with cysts and enlarges them to the size of a football. I had a kidney transplant a year and a half ago and I have 3 kidneys, my two diseased kidneys still sit in their natural position and the transplanted kidney in the front, right above the bladder.
Thats a real headscratcher... ok ill see myself out now :P
Can we stop calling it head transplant and inventing silly excuses for why we do so, and instead be adults and call it body transplant?
if its successful, transgender people will use it mostly.
They should never do this in a human before successfully doing it to a monkey.
I just want a cybernetic body...
when we shake a pen or pencil it seems like a wave.why?
In what circumstances would one donate a perfectly healthy body?
What if is successful, then i can transplant my head to a young teenager body to live longer.
polyethylene glycol is a laxative...
I am not a doctor but, how are they planing that the brain will survive minutes without blood? I thought that is pretty much the definition of being dead.
how can the donor body be revived if it's dead?
I cant wait for that😀
What's the song on the end? Plzz
I don't want to look like Katy Perry anymore\nThat broke my heart\nBut if she's a human being and she deserves everything she believes. I love you, dont care what critics say I will  buy your CDs even in 2070
Is math related to science?
Witness is the 2nd best song ive ever heard, 1st one is Firework
I just saw her in DC this week and it was amazeballs and can't wait for this to come out!!!
Yeah i didn't learned anyrhing from that livestream other than katy perry has the guts to have livestream cameras on while she's Sleeping, and Hillary Clinton broke her
Wait YouTube isn’t available in where I live
I thought the title said will you be my mistress 😂
is she going live on here again?
finally.. 2 part of me: will u be my witness
uh no
Your so boring
katy perry five foot two
Katy the Tour México plis
Toooop
excited
Any spirit cooking?
OMG YES KATY
Anna Kendrick 💜💜💜
WITNESS!!!!!!!! *POINTS*
Morta linda ❤❤❤❤❤
we'll be ur witness forever😊😊😊\nwhen i saw this video😀😀😀😀😀\nkaty ur awesome and cool with interviews😎😎😎😎 i just think u r one of my hopeful person ✌✌✌
I've seen her on her Witness Tour already and it was the best!!!! I really love Katy!
I love you Katy can't wait for drop zone in London!! Can you please find a way of making this available to watch in the UK?! YouTube still hasn't rolled YouTube Red out in the UK 🇬🇧❤️ SO much LOVE! This looks incredible!
Brazil Love You Katy!!!!!\n🇧🇷 🇧🇷 🇧🇷 🇧🇷 ❤😍
Can you be my weakness
YES ...\nI WILL 😢
HERE IS A NEW LYRIC VIDEO FOR U:\nhttps://youtu.be/Hu0HyCe9UFk
oh mi god i love it
I LOVE YOU KATY, CANT WAIT!
Who else from india is over here
Katy Perry you should make another song like teenage dream
This is amazing! I can’t wait!
I love you katy ❤❤you are so crazy 💕😘Like me
Katy Perry is the biggest red around the world 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I love when she does a livestream on youtube and instagram
Is math related to science?
YOU ARE A LEGEND
Lady Gaga's Five Foot Two  documentary looks really good, good job!!
can you do it again ? XD
I THOUGHT IT WAS THE MUSIC VIDEO😭
Katy Perry: part of me is unbothered
Gaga: Five Foot Two\n#1 Most Discussed Movie of 2017
IM YOUR BBBBBBBBBBIIIIIIIGGGGGGGGEEESSSTTTT FAN your The best
Just love katy perry,the live stream was amazing and the documentary will be double cool,proud to be a katycat ,..she is a #legend
Is math related to science?\nMe:😂🔫
I wanna witness your marriage with bloom. And it'll broke my heart for the 2nd time
You Should be an Actress Katheryn ♥ Can't Wait for the Deluxe Edition tho
omg I'm sooooo exciting  and dead just now❤❤❤❤❤😍
tbt to when we didn't sleep for 4 days lol 💜 I literally cannot wait to live this again!!
I miss this livestream so bad
I love you😍❤ i'm so proud of you.
OMG YASSS BUT Y IS IT ON YOUTUBE RED THO
Right after my free 30 day YouTube Red trial expired a few days ago Katy decides to drop this. I’m glad I caught most of the bug moments from the livestream when it actually occurred.
Katy Perry i love it 💖
love it but not THE ILLUMINATI PART
The world is cherished by the QUEEN once again 😃
Will you be my witness? = Will you be on my concert to witness my show?
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Yess
ARGENTINA PRESENTE <3
queen
Love it!
ya
Yes!
IM SO EXCITED OMG
ı love you
Yasssss!
Thanks Gaga for inspiring Katy.
♥
<3
IM SO FREAKING EXCITED FOR THIS!
Love katy
Omg I'm so excited 😍
YASSSSS GIRL, YOU DID IT
❤❤
Proud
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
LMAO
Nuget is lovely😘
why everyone loves Katy......
So sad that witness flopped
Katy this a masterpiece..!!!!!
Queen.👑
Wait what I'm shook
Yasss queen ❤️
CAN'T WAIT!!!!!
married me!!
OMGGGG 😍😍😍😱✨
LOVE YOU KATY
I love it
💜
LOVE U
Can't wait😍
I LOVE IT, KATY PERRY😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 #KATYCATFOREVER😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🙏
Omg I love you Katy!
están malinterpretando las palabras de Katy
is math related to science?
Loving the trailer of Gaga five foot two
Wow that's amazing bro...
Lol people are already maxed out.
YASSS
I always wanted to play this game on my channel!
Clash of clans is my favorite game I have ever played.
Do another Clash a Rama but about P.E.K.K.A and mini P.E.K.K.A agruing about who's better
goooooooooood
Top
FAKE IT IS 😡😡😡😡😠😠😠💢
I like it
plzz back to my acount plz dont ban plzzzz
oh yea great
yes barbarian king ko jungle me mungal karna hi chahie
Maa chod
Kindly add Pakistan's flag
increase versus battle loot,please😸🙏🙏🙇
Lol time to advertise \nhttps://youtu.be/mDSh28WB73Q
Love it!
scrivener
Offline h ya online
People still play???
Who till plays this
Clash royale is better
man wtf im still at builder hall 4
Let’s FRICKEN GO!!!!!!!!!!
What does XD mean
Trash
nice
Yeah boyyyyyy
Supercell, that looks awesome!
Wow Nice update.
Supercell plz bring spells in bulider base that could be fun plz
Plg reply
visite.MAHAMMAD SPORT
https://youtu.be/naKd8RhvQ4g ADORABLE PUPPY
I'm not even max bh6 yet..
0:10 GG Supercell you ban for leaking updates and stuff, and you're leaking  all the BH8 :v
If it comes so how can it look
Wow !!!! I just want to say this much
Dear supercell this player #88CROJYJY using bad words in our family clan. Plz block this person. His acount name is $h!$h!r. He always write bad words in clan joining rqst box and when we accept to warn him he leave certainly. We can not do anything. Our family members have to ready all bad words. Which is abusive.
Oh look it's on trending
Dont fall for this trap.. The game is designed to get you to spend money.. U will never max your Builder hall base without gems. And you will always face opponents with better defenses.. This is psychological warfare. I have a max townhall 11 and they wont even give me more walls to update.. supercell only cares about one thing and that is maximizing profits.. They employ psychologists to help design the game to be addictive. They target the Reward Zone of your brain. This is why u get upset when u lose and your first thought is.. Wish I had some gems. Everyone should boycott the builder base.  Those guys at the top with gemmed bases are givwn gems by supercell. Notice how they cater to the youtubers because they have 10,000 gem spending spree videos.. They are paid in gems to get you to buy gems.. This game was fun. Now its just a money pit.. Shame on you supercell
Love clash royal da best 😀😀 all so mincraft and Roblox yaa Yt to😀😀😀😏😏😄🤗🤗😄😄😏😍😜😍😘😘😘😬😬😬😬😆😆😁😬😀😄😄😄😀
And here I am still trying to get to level 6
Please find one new tropps like mega gaint
Super game torrent game I have not worked for two days please solve the problem and thank you
That's it, I'm leaving the game
Hey. I wich that any one can help me ROYAL  clash ans CoC after the last upgrading didn't work and i am trying to reach to any one 2help. And I followed the instructions in the help and support even deleted and installed. Again 😥😥😥
the multimotard is too smart. it can change its target while shooting and it aims at weak troops first.
0:11wait thats not a builder hall 7
Clash of clans team,  greetings from me! \nCan you please bring bh8 and builder castle so we can do wars in BH also if you want to take more tips then plzz survey my channel\nThank you.
They should really start adding spells
plzz add builder base war it is reqired for builder base
Plz update like we can put our profile in that plz
It doesn't need builder hall it needs town hall 12😤😤😤😤
0:25 you can see all the future upgrade too
*_Drop ship_* to *Clash Royale*\n\n7 elixir\nThrows 5 pack of skeletons each 5 seconds\n1135 hitpoints\nAfter destroying, 5 skeletons and a bomber appears
When is town hall 12 coming
The bh 8 defenses look cool too \n0:11
Please sir change name time increase
If you play this game get a life loser
roses are red\nyour dislike is pending\nsupercell pays \nto put this on trending
There's going to be a lot of strategys with drop ship..
I miss COC - I gave up playing around 2 years ago. I wonder if much has changed?
Im glad this is SOON becaude my tablet is missing...
I love this game so much, thank you SUPERCELL!  I love the attacking Chinese players and destroying their bases.
They're milking this dead game dry
i stopped playing the night village\nit sucks so bad man
I already knew about giant cannon and all the other unreleased things because there is a hacked one with them
people still play this?
So builder tall 8 it comes with a mega tesla and a super pekka
http://share.tbal.io/v2/app?code=2P3DX44Q use refer cod and get 130 Rs true balance app
Subscribe to my channel for fun facts about animals and space
All my buildings is max and my builder hall and im waiting for the new one I've been spending my gems and I have now 1001 gems
They did not just say that...
What sucks is that I just got builder hall level 6 finished upgrading and now on the same day this update came out at the same time..... why does life suck?!?!
Clash of clans is dead
My builder hall is 5
Do videos please in bom beach
people still play clash of clans in 2k17?  yikes....
*Public Service Announcement*\n1. Search - ROFL with Ray (or simply click the logo)\n2. Prepare to Laugh\n3. Laugh
Who the hell care about builder hall
This game is dead no hate I’m th11 maxed out
These are all builder Hall 8 defenses! Thanks for the preview for BH 8 :)
People visit the support channel offline, happy everyone happy day
COC is dead, if you're still playing it, you're late to the party
Best in the world 👍👍👍👍👍👍
People still play this? It died early 2015
hi supercell! we are glad to see that supercell. has been giving many updates. I am also feeling well that supercell had released builder hall level 7 ,but I want to convey to you that, it's to boring to attack only using by our troops at builder hall. I want to say to you just, we want spells at builder hall so,  please supercell accept our request, and. think something about my sayings.
Please don't Fast Update we can't Manage it please!😥
look what they make me do *.l.*
Also think about builder. There should be one more 🙂
Avengers: Infinity War Trailer released click to watch  https://youtu.be/40vH-FrgTwk
clash of clans full history 2012 to 2017 watch this. https://youtu.be/Wj84n88dtOg
Can't wait for this
People still play this scam ? LOL !
👍
💰💰💰💰💰
Omg i thought that pewdiepie was most subbed but Clearly not!! 77mill!!!!
AdSense communities: should we give most of our ads to pewdiepie or music.     \nHead of the community: nah give it to clash of clans their videos always go trending
JACKIE JACKIE JACKIE JACKIE JACKIE, JACKIE JACKIE JACKIEEEE
FINALLY!!! Thanks Muchas for sharing and I LOVE your curl pattern XOXO
I love how cute and bouncing your hair is!!!
This narration to yourself if hilarious!
I literally find  myself  singing your theme song through out the day lol
I can not with the sell your baby brother on eBay. HA!
Girl Imma need you and Dennis to do a remake of the original song because I was rolling on the floor when I heard the one with the Ying Yang twins... you are wild and I'm straight up ROTFL #JackieJackieJackieJackie
Your hair is so nice and bounce
Gurl that's extra pressure on yourself. Transitioning to blonde now.
Jackie! Thank you for sharing. Sis imma need you to start applying products to your face in an upwards motion only. It'll help to keep the skin lifted. Jussa quick tip! ;) 🙏 xx
I loooove your natural hair! I wish I had hair like yours!
How are you butt naked in the shower still actin a damn fool. I caaaaaant 😂😂😂
Thx Jackie! I totally get it! I'm a natural focused on health and wellness of my hair vs styling. People don't understand that and they want me to do different things but my hair is a lot of work so I gotta stick to what works!
Every time you sing JACKIE JACKIE JACKIE JACKIE I can't help but dance 😂😂
Apple cider vinegar for a rinse is love. The manipulative styles don't work for me either.
I can't just click to the next video when I already watched the next video 😭
Yes I understand what you were saying about the natural hair thing 😩
castor oil by shea moisture IS AMAZING FOR HAIR GROWTH (: Also it's sulfate free!
We need a length check !! 😍
Man girl you did a throwback I haven't seen a natural do a wash and go in the shower in a minute. And you use Kinky-Curly definitely a throwback haven't seen those products in a minute love your hair😍
I hear you Jackie the natural care community can be tough!
I'm a hairdresser and I'm trying to learn more about taking care of Natural hair - you leave your conditioner in your hair yeah?
how often do you wash your hair
Aaahh!!!! Thank you for incorporating your skincare routine in this video!! I would love a more detailed, skincare video at your convenience of course. I believe I've been subscribed to your channel for roughly 5 years now. Love you Jacke! ❤️❤️
Thanks for putting the whole I do what works for me and not conforming speech makes me more confident while already telling people stay out my hair business!!!
I don't have curly hair nor have dark skin, I don't even wear makeup, and yet here I am in every video... Love you Jackie! Love how you go around spreading nothing but happiness, anyways, cheers from Venezuela!
I've been doing that hylauronic acid stuff and it WORKS!  Best advice ever!
I'm glad you didn't take your shower with makeup on.
i just watched this entire video and it is 0% relevant to my hair type. love you so much jackie
You see I want to not be bald-headed, but I'm the laziest natural ever. Wash day is the worst day of my life 😭
Jackie you your curls are poppin' maybe im a little jealous...maybe
I love ur hair texture it’s so unique bc I don’t think I ever seen those type of curls. They’re so tiny and defined and they hang 😍😍
Your hair is beautiful the way it is and you're right, if you want to switch it up, toss on a unit and keep it movin'. Thank you so much for sharing your routine. As always, great video!
Jackie I totally understand. I used to rock my puff on a daily basis. Either “I’m lazy “ for only putting it up in a bun or I “looked unprofessional”....according to my ex-boss. Smh life.
Girl yes! ppl at work say that a lot. I want to see you straighten your hair.  like no ma'am! that's not for me
That little piece of hair that's like a loop and longer than the rest is distracting me so much 😂
How many of you were waiting for this? PLEASE...MORE!
Ugh so frustrating!!!! I’m Caucasian and I have fairly curly hair but nothing nice WOC hair but it’s very oily and dry at the same time I can never go one night without showering because my curls get so gross and kinky and ugly!!
yes i feel pressured to look a certain type of natural - def understand ; dont have to and wont conform 💅🏽🤷🏽‍♀️💕☺️😘
Also, leaving each other dry erase messages on the mirror is probably the cutest thing I've ever seen. I'm very happy for you guys!
Mane and Tail??? Old school. lol. I pinned your for a Shea Moisture, Carol's Daughter or Jesse's pudding girl! But I see ya with the Kinky Curly tho!!! Your facial regime puts mine to shame. I really need a toner...I know I know...super important. Thanks for this though. :)
i agree 100%!!! i literally always wear wash and go’s and my friends are constantly telling me to do twist outs but 1. my hair is tha-icc okay but 2. my curl pattern doesn’t mesh well with twist outs. I have pretty loose/spiral curls that shrink but are too loose to manipulate into a twist out... idk how to explain it but i do understand what you mean by people constantly wanting you to change it up. I love the way my curls naturally fall with product so i mean if it ain’t broke don’t fix it 🤷🏾‍♀️
This video makes me feel like I've been neglecting my face 😖😖
Love the video and natural hair tips.
My hair doesn't take requests you tell 'em jackie. They don't know you. They don't want you to win 😂
first time watching u.. never laugh so much.. subscribed immediately..
I've never clicked on a video so fast! 😩😍\nEdit: that note on the mirror thing is the most amazing routine I've ever seen!
My arms are hurting just watching this 😂
your curls where just giving me sooo much life like how could I want an 18 min video to be longer?!! LOL
Omgggggg I've been waiting for a natural hair video from you my whole life!!! Finallyyyyyy.
lol it's yourrrrr hair I didn't know people be asking you to mess with it lol
2 million subscribers by Christmas. I'm claiming it for you!!!
Did Jackie get her new intro from the Ying Yang twins? Lmao all I can think of is Shake it Like a Saltshaker 😂
Damn Jackie! that's a lot of products on your face😩😂 i couldn't. but u look great 👍🏾
Would the process you do on your face work on your back?
When I was natural I couldn't do wash and gos for nothing! I used the kinky curly too! My hair would shrink and tangle so bad that I stuck with twist outs majority of my natural journey. Your curls are poppin!
You are such a beautiful woman, for real. And you make me laugh so much, I enjoy watching your videos, it's one of those times in a day I can chill and have a good time 👌
I didn't even think that your hair was natural. Love the fact that you can feel beautiful with it as much as when you wear wigs
So I just subscribed to your channel I was hesitant cause we don’t have a lot in common but omg you entertain me ! N I always caught myself watching your videos anyway so I’m here for you ! ❤️
This is the video I have been waiting for. Loved it!
If I had this morning routine I wouldn’t have a job 😂😂 Jackie! Auntie come do my hair 😩
Why is Jackie so amazing? I have dreadlocks and don't care for anyone's natural hair and sat through this WHOLE THING
Thank you for rocking your natural hair, wearing wigs, and being true to yourself, Jackie :). It's inspiring and brings me joy!!
I love the new anthem!! <3
Slay them curls and I need that mask asap it has your skin looking so beautiful 😍😍 p.s : shingling is when you separate and prayer hands are knife hands😂😂 love ya💕
Girl, I start dancing when you start singing every time! LOL
i seriously wish i had your hair
I do not have curly hair by any means but I'm watching because I love you and you make anything enjoyable 😂
I'm humming JACKIE theme song all day 😂😂😂😂
I fucking love blonde hair on dark skinned black women. It's different and I love different <3 It's such a hard color to deal with that's why I just want to dye my hair chocolate brown. Dassit lol.
Auntie jackie!!!!!!!! 😩😩😩 YOUR CURL PATTERN IS POPPIN!
Cup o noodle hair
Slay baby!💕
Finally, thank you!!!!!
The original Issa 😂😍😘
You’re hair is so freaking gorgeous💜
“Loud azz kids” 😩😩😩
Beautiful
CEDRIC LMAOOOO
GRWM & a hair tutorial?! Come thru Jackie!!!!
Gorgeous hair!
SELL YOUR LIL BROTHER ON EBAY LMAOOOO
LMAO @ the Cedric thing #issacatfish
A NATURAL HAIR VIDEO FROM JACKIEEE AINAAAA YESSSSSS
OK AUNTIE JACKIE
The shrinkage is real lol
Cookies, miracles and ressurection... Yes 😂😂😂😂
LMAOOOOOO THE GRO SISTERS!!!!!!!!
youre literally the best :')
Girl u stupid Lmaoo
mom ❤️
you should try those exfoliating gloves in the shower or those wooden handle body brushes for your bacne. in case that loofah isn't enough. loofah are way to soft for me but those gloves are super fast just pop em on, put body wash on & wash your body with your hands. You can get into certain places better with the gloves than the loofah.
Your natural hair video is one of the best and simple natural hair video I've seen. Question, did you rinse out the triple conditioner you used??
JACKIE have you tried using Deva Curl products?! Its formulated ESPECIALLY for us curly hair gals and its supposed to lock in the moisture and keep the curls TIGHT!! AND ITS BLACK OWNED!! :)
I suffer from executive dysfunction due to my depression and this is a miracle to me. If I can shower and brush my teeth on the same day it's an achievement. This level of maintenance would be so hard for me to accomplish.
JACKIEIEE!!!!! You are SPOT on!! First off, your videos are always funny, informative and SUPER thorough which is why I make sure to be one of the first to view them. Second, everything you said about natural hair is spot on. Being natural really isn't enough anymore. I had a friend that just wore her little fro out everyday and felt so confident, just for another one of my miserable a** friends to talk about her Not doing anything with it. According to her, her hair looked like a Cotton ball. I had to defend her because as long as she took care of her hair and felt confident about it, there really was no problem. To me she looked beautiful... It just seems like when you're natural, you constantly have to explain to others why you chose to have YOUR hair a certain way and I don't think that's right. Thank you for posting this. Hopefully somebody will get the message - Your hair, your Choice.
The blonde looks hella wack.
I'm transitioning so I loved everything about this video. I'm definitely going to take notes and tips from your hair regimen to help me with mine. Your curls are so beautiful.
Jackie! Check out Deva Curl products! No parabens, alcohols, and bad dry chemicals that you see in horse and mane and herbal essence.
I must be some lazy cow , cos all those products after a shower would kill me 😂 I wash in the shower and cream once. Thank lord for my East African skin . 🙌🏾
MKBHD know of anyone working on utilizing NFC tech for wearables so one can for example, have credit/debit cards, train passes, ID, etc in a smartwatch?
That moment when u got your   edition  for everything you want .
How iphone X face id would work in totally dark room?
Has anyone ever told you  you sound like a black guys impression of a white guy talking ?
Respected sir I like your video and your expression in that video really sir but I use someone's phone not my own because of my poverty and my unwillingness I don't have my own smartphone but I I am your big fan and domain as your big fan always and I always wish you grow more and more and prayer to God you grow more and more thank you sir.
Give me some tips to start a tech channel!!
Not a big fan of the facial recognition stuff so far. My friend has the Note 8 and I just grab it, point it at her face, it unlocks, and I run away with her phone. Is this what better security is?
Could you please make a video on Fuscia OS. Could it replace Android.
Best tech reviewer out there I dc I dc
If he likes sports and driving games, he should play rocket league
Dude give us the review of nokia 6
I enjoy your use of the word clout
Hmmm buy a 50 4k TV and a Galaxy S7 or buy an IPhone X🤔🤔🤔
One single iPhone X that will crack in a few weeks you use it $999\n200 long-lasting copies of The Bee Movie for about $999\nMake smart choices people..
Back to an Apple watch?
I saw the tweet of you converting the F to C and seeing it here for myself,  yas Marques yas <3
I don't care what anyone wants to say, but I always call it the iPhone X. 🍎😤😤😤🍎
apple the brand for people who live an illusion and think their human while their SHEEP BeeeeeeeeEeeeeEeeEe
your voice is so soothing and smooth damn
the gpu behind you is ....
Or go buy a chinesse phone, phones which got really good lately, for a fraction of the price, get all the features you actually need, and tell these corporations to eat your fatty.
'Man's so HOT'
Can someone explain what happened to the iPhone 9?
i'm legit happy for your success man. been watching for a while now. keep up the amazing work!
Should I get the 9 inch or the 12 inch dildo??????
Is it worth buying the iPhone se in 2017. And if Apple will bring the A11 chip in the se, then I guess it would be worth buying. Please guide. I don't have much to invest
One of the best series in tech utubers
REACHGATE
worst reviewer ever!
Cash for comments
Glass
Whats gonna happen about Apple Pay?
I don't care who corrects me. Saying iPhone x sounds better than saying iPhone 10.
Heyyy Marques , Which is ur  all time # Favorite # phone..
first time watching.  This has to be the most HD video I have ever seen on YT.  lol
Bro play store is not working/opening at all can you solve this please let me know ASAP
Why not a live Q&A?
lmao came here for the video title and he answered it right in the beginning . well looks like im done now so see you guys !
Do u think iPhone X can survive atleast half day with such a powerful display and 2167 mAh battery power.
Ellen said X instead of ten
Why are all of your videos so *Lit AF*
I love how ginourmous phones seem normal sized in your hands but feel every video should include you handling something smaller, that people recognize. I miss my S3.
Is it me or is the video and sound a bit off sync? Especially for the lipsyn part.  Hmm anyway, great video once more
Why you are not reviewing iPhone 8 only 8 is it not worth buying or reviewing. Not Plus not X only 8
People actually care about electric cars??
Hey do you think the price on the iPhone x is too much because if you think that I’ll change your mind
Dear criminals! Do not use IPhone X and you know why.
X is 10 in Roman numeric system.
wireless charging for cars , your garage will become a microwave , alot of health risks
do you have any plans about reviewing some Sony mobiles, considering its been a while since you have done one.
No review of the Asus Zenfone AR
you got a wound near your right elbow, frisbee?
The intro music drops lower than my self-esteem...
wow first time i've heard the word clout used in a non-gucci way
I liked this video because of ReachGate
I love Hot Ones! someone get a hold of Sean Evans!!
How much is it cost
Lives, unboxings, asks... Ugh, well, not my favorite road, I think that's it from Marques, it was nice but obvious that would end up like this.
Are we going to see full review of LG V30.?@mkbhd
I’m definitely getting iPhone X
Ima just wait till the iPhone 9 comes out.
Magnetic Charging for Cars should be the next step.
I think apple should have stayed with the X name instead of calling it 10. X would stand or special and 10 years. This way they could still have an iphone 10 down the line without raising confusion
That new 77 LG W TV looks great but kept pulling my attention away from you talking haha.
Why is smart invert not working on photos and videos on FB
where are your non-phone related videos? :(
Dude you'll burn in your W7 with MK8D
You have big hands so it confuses me how big the iPhone X or 8 is. Hm
How do you feel about that CP3 trade?
Congratz on 5 Million Subs!
Nice nice nice bro carry on!!!!
Reach gate!! 😂
god damnnit fuck youuuu for havinggg that pcccc and nottt rippinnggg gammess apaarrtttt
That Rig ......... THAT MONSTER !!!!
Ask MKBHD V20, because we still don't have release date for the V30
Can we get that awesome desktop wallpaper you have there Marques? ;)
i love your videos man
How did you make your intro ?
I'm pretty sure I got something to ask to MKBHD but when he showed his MainGear PC I just want to say how damn sexy that piece of a machine right there. Now, I think I want one.
Wireless charging for cars in 20 years? BMW is offering it next year. And electric buses are already doing it.
Can Blind People use Iphone X ?
wireless charging a car seriously???!!!!!!Americans don't want to do anything by themselves anymore
What would you do for a Klondike bar?
Does anybody actually think the iPhone x is worth it or good
8 plus easily
12 ??? Wow now its 1.2 million
iPhone 8 best comedy
This nigganis a joke unsub
Its electric....boogy woogy woogy woogy
Looking forward to iPhone XXX
Nintendo Switch review ? 🤔
iPhone X(pensive)
september
First time ever i have seen u wearing Apple watch and trust me it suits on uh.\nNow u r down i guess so in the world if smartwatches??
Very disappointed that there wasn't a LG V20 pun
It's like comparing a garbage can to a dumpster
I was thinking of getting the iPhone X but... I really thought about it and I will wait! Anyway I wasn’t probably going to get it right away I’d have to wait months for it, but I’ll wait till they come our with a bigger screen version and a gold colors, that’s if they do, if not I’d still get it but I’d wait for the second gen. I have the 7plus so I’m good for now
@marquesbrownlee, you got to send me that iPhone 8plus
when are the giveaways starting?
So the title is really just click bait
So Enzo is a heel and Braun and Neville are faces......right?
Enzo is the strongest and powerful in wwe
Welp,looks like Enzo's gonna be the longest reigning Cruiserweight Champion
This beaten should happen to the miz
2:32 that lungblower look like it hurt
I think that in TLC would be a lumberjack match for the wwe cruiserweights championship
really need to remove 205 its terrible. Raw needs more back stage stuff. Like back when stone Cold was around.
Stupid Braun Strowman has to come after Enzo because he knows that he can't beat anyone half his size, and BTW, is Enzo now the only face in the Cruiserweight division, because that's just sad.
I love the happy endings
They added crowd sound effects during Brian Kendrick's spin move
Loving that fake crowd noise while Kendrick spun him around...
Enzo deserved it it from the beginning
Who's the guy in the suit? The commissioner or something?
Man there are plenty of snowflakes in the comments! SUCK IT UP ENZO SUCKS!
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=7421 subscribe to this link
Enzo is a class heel. I hope he destroys these schmucks.
What did Enzo did to strawman that he's been beating up like this?
Is Drew Gulak new Steven Richards? They dress similar and have gimmick resolving around banning fun stuff.
Neville vs Braun strowman would be ok I mean if were talking cruiser weights only Neville will be the best but that stair down was flawless
0:25 i thougt he is going to tombstone him xD
幹你娘及掰  我幹你爸  死老外
Enzo pissed somebody off backstage to be getting this kind of punishment.
Anyone notice Braun told them to come to the ring haha
THE BEST DAMN WWE 2K17 Universe Mode!!!: https://t.co/i3ayU4Jni3 https://t.co/dK4fWfR4r8
Possible heel turn by Enzo considering everyone hate him now
It's kayfabe but it feels so wrong... I don't enjoy all those guys destroying one person. He's annoying, but this looks disgusting.
1:48 that crowd cheering turned fake.. wtf WWE
#pushDrewGulak
This is stupid
haat maa ki chut salo ki \nbichare enzo ko
Braun should be wwe champion
WTF
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=w2oGRckzYlk
😂😂😂😂😂
2:39 you see him say jump.
The best in Raw jejejejejeje XD
AWESOME!!!
Wait who's the heel
man i enjoyed every single moment of the video 😆, enzo sucks
When the face and heel cruiserweight together fight enzo amore
Gulak lol
shame all wwe star no one stay with enzoy,enjoy is going wrong way to win but wwe star is so shamless...................................................
And they say wwe doesn't promote bullying..
Look at divari 4:40-4:43
It's not good
Hey yo Enzo\nhttps://youtu.be/5ZduY8nCSXM
Thats bullying
I don't understand wwe anymore, smh
Why Enzo
Is Enzo dead
Braun Strowman face turn
enzo the bad guy? lol 100 v  1 plus brun storwman \nkappa  wwe cant make bad guys
This is insane, how can a person take such a punishment.
205 life most be the wrist for enzo
Strowman was a monster and as gentleman. Easily destroying enzo.... And realized you know what they don't like enzo either let me extend an invitation to them...
Enzo's mom was in the crowd. At 3:05 you can hear a concerned lady scream that's my son! Right after that, he looks over to someone and gives them a slight wink, as if to let them know he was okay. Did anyone else catch that?
I dont know why..But I think Neville truly looks like the eliteor even the king of CW division and also I loved the little stare between Braun and Neville✌
Did the whole 205 live roster just turn heel?
3:14 face when you know you just f*\ncked up
What has happened to the WWE?.....
Best moment in wwe history so far!
i feel like such a sadist but this was WONDERFUL to watch
glad to see WWE embracing bullying, anti bullying has no place in a business of theatrical fights and tough characters
WWE writing team be all salty as hell.  Trash talking is what made the Attitude Era so great
3:08 enzo's thought: I hate this life.lol😂
As much as I love Enzo being destroyed, my absolute favorite part of this is the nod to 205's storyline continuity. That's right, I watch 205. And Drew Gulak not wanting Ali to fly, but everybody hating Enzo so much, he lets him do it anyway... That's just beautiful to me.
3:12 - Enzo gives a little wink to the crowd to remind us all it isn't real.
Poor enzo.
Cass return ????
enzo is the bast
The nexus returns, to more superstars
LOVE IT!!!!
Call UNHRC
Did anyone noticed enzo blinking one eye at 3:11
stroman face/heelface/heelface?
0:01
Again pls😂
So satisfying
205 is boring
Is braun face too
you deserve it
Braun Strowman the next cruiser weight ;)
Amazing
Strowman should be Cruiserweight Champion
Mustafa Ali Amazing Superstar
2:38 Enzo sells moves so good.
Wrestlers Cruiserweight hell turn
#RETURNS CM PUNK
I love That
Enzo got buried big time.
Colin did the right thing abandonin' this witehared jerk!
This is sad
He deserved it ...\n😂😆
Not cool
I thought wwe was against bullying and they're gonna regret enzo leaving the company cause he's gonna make so much money somewhere else
why wasn't this shown on TV ,??
This reminds me of when all the cruiserweights attacked helms back in the day
Yeah WWE, Don't be a Bully,be a star!!
Braun was not capable of defeating Brock lesnar......so he was putting his frustration on someone who is half off his size.....what a Coward
I want to get a clear answer. Why does he got this punishment??
Please do I red look!! If you haven't already aha
I think you should do a combination of blue, yellow, and pink or a bright autumn look.😁 And girl you don’t need a nose job your beautiful.😘
Murad spot treatment is the best, it would not peel your skin at all Love xo
You should do a sunset eye look😍 pleaseeee💕💕
For pimples: pure Tea Tree, and yes it makes your skin dry. Use a cotton bud dipped with tea tree and press on the spots. After that use a moisturizer or oil.
you should play some music when you show the final result like BAM! and thats how its done lol. love you Carli
I feel like you're the only beauty guru with 5m subs who is down to earth and only focus on makeup and doing good deeds. You're such an inspiration <3
In all honesty... I had to pause this video & comment before I finished because it was in my heart to tell you that I love how genuine you are & how you don't allow other ppl's opinions/thoughts (such as getting plastic surgery.. cuz you are seriously freakin' perfect just the way you are lol) alter who you really are. We all love you as the individual you are and as the person we have grown to adore & love over the years & we all seriously wouldn't change a damn thing about your perfect ass lol Continue to be yourself & be down to Earth cuz that's the Carli we have all grown to love :) Stay real. Stay true. Never be blue. <3 you!!!
carli i've been watching your videos since day one and i've never made a request but can you please please please do a lavender colour?? i'm a bridesmaid and her colours are a dusty lilac and grey and i want to do my own makeup but don't know what to do for eyeshadow. please do a dusty lilac you would make my life
Try the Burt's Bees Blemish Stick sold at Target. It dries out any blemish without drying out your actual skin.
hun at next makeup coloring can u try to do it uncut like dont cut and speed at all and then see how people like it
My birthday is 10|18´ deff will get an outfit from your collection . cannot wait xoxo
I love the eye shadow it's beautiful
Can someone or Carli tell me about her nails?!!!!!!
Hi Carli, I know you dont wear glasses but could you do a makeup tutorial (glam and everyday looks) for girls with glasses?
When will you do a video on your upcoming collection with Missguided
Orange, maybe dark orange for fall 💛
Want to see the huda desert dusk palette and the natasha lila palette. Purple is very popular this fall!
I'd love to see a pop of navy (cool tone look), or a maroon eyeshadow. I'm kinda wanting to see a cool tone look since warm looks have been so all over YouTube lately. Lov you.
The amount of times carli says it's fine in this video 😂😂 life motto : it's fine , I'm fine, we're fine
Please do a colorful purple look next :)
I just have to say that I love this look. I'm going to the Marine Corps ball in a couple months, my dress is navy blue with silver gems, I'm gunna recreate this look cause it'll be perfect! Thank You! ❤
I've been using tea tree oil as a spot treatment recently and it's been working SUPER well! I broke out really ridiculously a week or two ago either from poor skincare or from my new birth control and my skin's recovered almost completely!! All I've been doing is washing it, using toner, and putting tea tree oil directly on my acne spots with either a cotton round or a q-tip.
A golden goddess color look would be really nice to see or even other metalic colors like pewter, etc.
This look is gorgeous!!!! You should try using the pops of colors from the Jaclyn Hill palette! 😍
Your nose is beautiful without or with makeup.
so beautiful... love it ❤
Hydrocolloid bandages work for hance and cystic spots. You find them at the drugstore with other bandaids. It's not your typical pimple patch.
Try tea tree oil, it's more gentle than other acne treatment creams :)
Hopefully you see this! Once I turned 30, my skin went crazy and I started breaking out and had a ton of clogged pores. I found Sanitas skincare and it changed my skin. I don't even get the hormonal breakouts on my jawline anymore. I use the Beta Clarifying cleanser, the glyco-solution (they have 5, 10, and 15% so depending on how sensitive your skin is, I started with the lowest) the Vita C serum and the oil free moisturizer. I use these all twice a day and in about 2-3 months, my skin was clear. My clogged pores either came to a head or just disappeared! I love your channel and you and I hope this helps!!! 💜💜💜💜
Carli.. the teal shirt look so nice on you. .. great colour.  \nLove watching your videos
I am obsessed with this look. I feel like teal is so in this year
I use that LA Girl Pro Matte Powder as bronzer too! The shade is so lovely on my skin tone and lasts all day on me
Tea tree oil diluted with water. I swear by it
Does the setting powder give you flashback? I have such trouble in pictures with flash with my current setting powder
Does anyone know where her contour brush is from? It looks like it blends so nicely
You should do a bright pink and purple look
i love too faced born this way foundation! plus it's vegan yay!!! also, i really appreciate your attitude toward nose jobs/plastic surgery. you are gorgeous with & without makeup, & you are a contouring whiz! <3
Try biore skin products. I use the biore characaol cleanser and then after I use the YesTo tomatoes charcoal facewash and it makes your skin super smooth.
My favorite beauty youtuber because you promote health and kindness towards animals and people in general :)
i really recommend mary kay treatment gel for acne!!
I have seen on your sc that you have some deer friends. I have been doing research on current health issues and Lymes disease is scary. It is transmitted via a tick which lives on deer in the Northern East cost. Symptoms are flu-like symptoms and only 60-70% get a rash. If it is not caught in early stages it can become life-threatening. It may be a good idea to get tested or wear tick repellant. I just wanted to make you aware of the danger. Please be safe.
differen gel from cvs!! its amazing for acne. i also take a pill called zinc by GMC at 59 MG ... 1 a day and it helps immensely! i have VERY sensitive skin so i hope this helps! love you ❤️❤️❤️
Red is a cute color you should try 😍❤️❤️
LOVE this teal color! Now I want that palette just for this sparkly shade!
Oh my god this is so gorgeous
Sadly Too faced Foundation gave me spots,😭 but the foundation is beautiful, it looks really good on the skin.
Please do a wedding make up look ❤❤ love u 😍
Can you make a video on dos and don’t for photo IDs and the best eye makeup looks for different eye shapes
More colorful, as in a brighter blue, or purple please.
Can we get a tour of your beauty room ?!!??!
PLEASE do a purple and gold look, or even a red and gold. I’d dieeee 😭😍
so ready to go broke over your collection! you have the best fashion ever!
You should do a purple look
You slay my life countless of times
Your nose is perfect. Like I wish I had your nose. Nothing you need to fix about it!
I've got bad acne and what saves me is the body shop tea tree oil 😍
Clean and clear persa 10 gel ! Out of the hundreds of dollars I’ve spent on acne products I’ve finally found my holy grail !
I LOVE you Carli and have been following you since forever, but please stop apologizing for not being able to do the things that got you so far and famous. Less apologies more stuff ;) Love you.
YOU ARE SO TALENTED LOVE THIS DEEP TEAL LOOK💎
you should do a purple look!!!
could you try a yellow look? im craving a more creative look rn
Omg I just bought your second palette I bought the first one and loved it so much I'm so excited for it to get here ahh ! Just scared for my mom to check my bank out 😂😂 totally worth it though love you so much !! 🐧❤️
I love your reply to the nose job comments and I love your natural lips you look absolutely gorgeous 😘😘😘
Carliiiii try the Lush products!!!! I don't remember the name of their pimples gel, but its amaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazing!! The only one that works for me!!! Xoxo princess 💋 💋 💋 💋
Carli, what has worked for my skin is to make my own skin clearing oil using tea tree oil & vitamin e oil as a carrier oil. I put it in a dropper bottle and use a few drops on my face and massage it in each night :) You can find tea tree oil and vitamin e oil at Trader Joe's, and their products are cruelty-free too!
Carli!!! I love you so much BUT please stop the blurring filter, so disappointing :( it’s misleading for your viewers
you could use a pure tea tree oil and mix it with water or rose water and leave it over night, u'll see ur pimples fades so quick over time and it usually takes me 3 to 4 days to fade away completley
Do a blue and orange and purple sunset look!!!
Would love to see a purple/plum look xx
If you want to see my own channel!! ☺️
Definitely check out Ducac cream i use it for my acne and it's sooo good
Carli's eyes without makeup looks like it has makeup. What is life? 😱😱😱😘😘😘
Your nose is more than OK!!!! DON'T do anything to it and maybe damage it. You are really pretty as you are.
neutral with a pop of cranberry/wine color!!! I am in a wedding coming up and the colors are champagne and cranberry/wine and I need an eye look to compliment my cranberry/wine colored Dress! Also it is perfect for a fall time time look :)
GIRL💅🏻I 💅🏻NEED 💅🏻THAT💅🏻DRESS💅🏻
Carli, Can u please do a “What’s on my Iphone”
OMG you are so talented!  Every time I watch you do your eyes my mind is blown haha
Burgundy Look please !!!!
Why Not
Orange !!
Do Orange/ yellow kinda look next!
❤❤❤ amazing ❤❤❤
pink eyeshadow!
im almost positive too faced isnt cruelty free :((
Do purples or cranberries!!! Please!🙌🏽❤️❤️❤️❤️☂️🍇💜💜💜💜💜
16:44 HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH dat face, btw amazing makeup look :D
Loving your nails!!!
Your lips are perfect.
I’ve missed you
Gorgeous 😍
Wowww you're so pretty😘😘😘
Love u Carli!
Heavy accent today...love it!!
Use aloe !!!
Skincare video YEEEEEEES!!!
Something plum purple :)
I'm new\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSubcriber
does the end of her nose contour look grey ??? or just me seeing that
0:55 WTF
Great human being. Great businessman. Great life. Im sure he died with a big ol' smile on his face !!
I hope he’s in a better place, but I doubt it. He lived Heaven on earth. This will be the first time tissues will be used for tears at the playboy mansion.
Everyone is flooding social media talking about what a great guy Hugh Hefner was ... uhhhh ... did I miss something?  He ruined countless marriages and young women's futures with his Satanic pornographic empire. \nHe was not a cool guy. He's everything a REAL MAN shouldn't want to be! \nGo ahead. Hate me. I don't give a flying flip. I just speak truth. - joshua feuerstein
He didn't do any thing special for the human being, just taking some nude photos of women and sell them to the losers, that how he lived.
After all that Viagra, I heard they couldn't close the coffin! lmao
You can't say he's in a better place now cause he lived it everyday.
R.I.P Heff you will be missed
R.I.P. HEF!!!✌
The old fart lived a long and happy life with all those Playboy models so no need to feel sad for him.
His art touched a lot of people in many ways. King Hefner will never be forgotten.
Hef was a rather tragic character. Much of what he says is PR spin that he has honed over the years.
Playboy has always actually been rather tame.
Sad I saw my president with him he died without Jesus
This is a great example of never give up you can achieve anything
The last Viagra Hugh Hefner took.
A genius of his era and a Maverick
I hope he accepted Jesus Christ before he left this earth.
Celebrating a pornographer and a polygamist? Way to go.
He exploited young women with daddy issues
Rest In Paradise Hugh Hefner... Gone But Not Forgotten. I knew this day would come but not when. To the family: I am sorry for your loss & may God be with you. 🙏amen
You can say that he got...\n\n(puts on sunglasses)\n\n*Boned.*
Hugh and so much of the media which celebrates his life disgusts me. The demoralization of humanity is owed to people like him. He should be forgotten and his mansion razed to the ground.
We lost a legend
he did not achieve nothing and he will be forgotten like he never existed - how many times a day we think of Humphrey Bogart ??? hahaha   no one will miss him. He is where he is ... he did not take anything with him ... sooo much for nothing.
He lived the best life
Was it a labor of love to give women quaaludes? Bill Cosby thought so too.
I wonder what his body count was...
THANK YOU  for helping me when i was 16  years old sneaking to the corner @ the Barber Shop to look/read a copy of Playboy. \nThank You for helping me looking forward in Life, and giving me a sophisticated side. \nI would Love to have a cup of coffee or/a a Drink with you.(Playboy mix drink Recipe of course) \nGod Bless you and See you In Valhalla!!
He's the real fifty shades of grey
can you imagine that all he has now is the memories from the life he had lived here on earth while he endures eternal suffering
Mid 2000's  I obsessed with Playboy magazine but cost a lot of money,a year later I stop order playboy magazine for good.
Only one thing to say a little class a little risque a little romance God-bless the guy
BLESS HIS HEART\nHE HELPED ALOT OF FOLKS\nGAVE OF HIS $ FREELY TO THEM WHO WERE IN NEED
RIP Hugh Hefner!! I love and will miss you! You were an icon,legend,and so much more!! I wish you heaven! ❤😇
He lived the life for himself...Instead of buying grave for $70,000 he could donate to poor kids in africa...
Didn't he leave his old job over $5 hence his big light up 5 dollar bill?
he's the boss will miss he's the boss we will miss him but he's always in the Playboy magazine
He should have been President and would have changed the White House into The Playboy Mansion.
RIP Hugh!
Stuff like this is so much better than political stink pieces
dead. good. should have died along time ago. a disgrace to us real men & manhood who respect women.  he was a piece of rubbish. good riddance.
Rest in peace Hugh Hefner.
Typical story of a terrible man: he got rejected by a young woman in his early life, so he became a rabid woman hater.
Poor man, he had the life sucked out of him.
Rest in peace Uncle Hef!! its like losing an uncle the world will not ever be the same!! one of the first to go against the grain our classy villan...R.I.P HughHefner.
Lol Heff and Trump together
http://vire.info/?cash=12982
Legend
So Long Hef.
RIP #Hugh  ~ #Fashionapolis
bye felicia
king of pinUps...
He decided to gratify the most base, human, hedonistic urges to find success when he did not find meaning for his life.  His Methodist parents likely explained the need to trust God and the forgiveness of sin through faith in Jesus Christ's death on the cross and resurrection from the dead. A relationship with God in Christ and guidance of the Holy Spirit would have lead him in a meaningful life as Christ would be the the center or on the Throne of his life. Hugh needed to be the CENTER or on the THRONE of his own world and existence. (A human dilemma) Only God knows his heart and if he recalled the things his parents taught him about Jesus in the last moments of his earthly existence. May he truly be resting in peace.
*Those Playboy magazine we use to sneak as kids, turned us all into men. RIP*
R.I.P Hugh.🙏💔😢🙏
Queerz
Baffling that mothers & fathers of young girls can label a deviant exploiter of young girls as decent.
R.I.P Mister Heff. Your legacy lives on. American Playboy : Hugh Hefner Story http://www.nontonme.com/american-playboy-the-hugh-hefner-story-2017-season-1/2/
PlayBoy!!! Greatest magazine !! R.i.p.!!👙❤🚬💰!!!!
Hideous man, inside and out.
all boners will be flowin at half mass tomro. rip
F Hugh, demonic mfer
Awesome interview!
I heard he died with peace in his heart and Miley Cyrus on his face.
#faknews courtesy of the hypocritical Neo-Marxist Homofascists of the New York Times. By their standards (Hugh has grabbed so many women by the p*ssy, he has callouses on his palms), Hefner should be a despicable human being. Right? After all, a big part of he was about was keeping women half-naked, wearing bunny ears, being servile to men, and being happy for it. \n\nIs that not sexist? Is it not degrading to women? \n\nYou homofascist hypocrites. Your moral foundation is essentially non-existent.\n\nR.I.P. Mr. Hefner. Your lack of hypocrisy is is only one of the things that made  you great.
Hugh Hefner ♈️
Who will be the next figure of this kind?  ... Dan Bilzerian ?
RIP Hugh Hefner
I've had that moment where I wondered is this all there is?  also with tears in my eyes.  As the hef knew there were bigger and better things on the horizon!
#DREAM
I hope he repented of his sins and gave his Life to Christ on his death bed because the bible says there is no peace for the wicked. People live for a time in earth  but eternity is forever choose life  in Jesús Christ ..\n.
What a life he had
Still at the age of 90 he looked great!
Ya, won't even be noticed as missing.....irrelevant for a long time now.
Seems Hef helped bring races together, put a normal face on sexuality, and made money doing so.
The PLAYBOY PHILOSOPHY was condensed to just two words: intelligent hedonism.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
That awkward moment when you think 7 hookers are your girlfriends.
RIP Hugh. I will never forget my interview with you in August of 1977 in Dallas, Texas. It was an honor!\nPeace & Love,\nRick
The king of all men has passed.
Wow will miss this man..he started from the bottom
RIP to the legendary Playboy!\nI just bought this Hugh Hefner shirt on https://teespring.com/hugh-hefner
This man tough me how to maneuver my right hand.
What he died! Like when?
Legends never Die
Rest In Peace Hugh Hefner 😢🖤
Icon! RIP Hugh!
RIP
R.I.P Heff
will miss him
GOD BLESS YOU HUGH HEFNER AND YOUR FAMILY ALWAYS AMEN😇📿❤😇📿❤😇
Where are all the feminists ? Crickets...........................
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<NOW HEFNER FUCK HIS MOTHER IN THE HELL HAHAHAHAH>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
He made Life way way better  for both Men & Women
It was literally and figuratively a labour of love ;-)
OMG She's soo cute, and she sings so much better than me
Sue me but I don't have any idea that the Voice is up again if not of their vlog. they are so awesome!
So happy for all of you!
That's so cute I'm crying 😭😭💕
Soo happy for you & your family. Your such a blessing to me 💕
OMG I recognize them now! Claire and the Crosbys! That's incredible!
she famous on another video with her dad
Adam looks so defeated when all the other judges turned their chairs hah.
PEOPLE VOTE TO KEEP HIM THERE
I thought it was Sidney Crosby for a second😐😐😐
This was viral? I never heard of this girl .-.
I hope he becomes a magician.
Kind of lacklustre to me
Dude already is a fan favorite
Father and daughter are good singer l do not get tire watching them.
Congratulations, You have a wonderful voice and Claire is your inspiration.  I just pray that you remain humble and thankful to God and that fame and fortune don't separate you from Him.  Remember,  Matthew 6:24 says No one \ncan serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, \nor you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot \nserve both God and money.
Congratulations Dave!!  Love u and your wonderful family!!!  Been following you and Claire for a while now!!  Y'alls music brings me so much joy!
Watching this video 20times and my heart still melted when he's and clarie come out and sing that song! 😭💖
Is it me or he has pitch problems?
Ahh, I'm smiling from ear to ear!! I love your voice and Claire is so cute. My daughter and I (she's 18) listen to you all the time. I'm so glad you got your shot and I think Adam will be great for your career. SO MUCH LUCK BEING WISHED TO YOU!!
dave and Claire yall done a good job
I pick his little girl she's so sweet
Wow! But the reaction of Claire 😅😂😂😂
Brilliant x
😚😚😚😚😚😚😚😚
That is awesome!
Nope. His tone sucks
Awful.
Go go go crosbys go😁😁😁
so moch beautifull grill
Love them
que lindinha *.*\nsuper afinada!!
Great choice
i love clarie she is #cutepie
So sweet💗💗💗
What is the song playing when he chooses Adam?
I've never loved Miley so much as when she purrs I'm obsessed with herrrrr! :)  Su cute!
So glad to see the Dad able to follow his dreams.  It's obvious he's in love with and so proud of his Daughters amazing talent so it's good to see him be able to put himself out there as well.
Want to know how I make $1,000+ a month doing the most simple thing possible? Click the link below to find out! \n\nhttp://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=30205
I from Indonesia \nI like your voice 🎤🎤🎤🎤🎤
I know already who is going to win....the baby 4 year old girl, Hahhahahah
He's got a lot to live up to... no pressure  though, Claire loves you no matter. Props to you, hope you do well.  BTW,  the little tyke really melted my heart.
first saw them singing Tangled See the light.... love this father-daugther  duo ......
I love the Voice. Wish I can be on that show.   Awesome
Adam' face when Blake pushed the button in the 1:31
Why do people watch this show? Nobody ever gets anything out of it. We never hear from these people again. Except Melanie Martinez.
I love how Carson Daly seems to be legitimately excited for every single person and their family that gets a chair turn
Father still needs to compete, but the duet won already, way before that little thing opened her mouth.
I remember him from Ellen!
Yahoooo...U are deeply loved in Hongkong..Dave you are an amazing singer..Love your vocal and my all time favorite kid Claire..You got a friend in me...
Started from Dream now they're here.
I hope Claire will not turn out like miley
why does this have so many views? seems over rated to me...his voice was meh..
I hope Adam can sing with Dusty 😀😍
i was watching this when i saw it on trending because its a Death Cab for Cutie song. \ndidn't realise he was the dad from the you've got a friend in me daughter-dad cover. \ngood for him.
GET PAID FOR BEING ON THE INTERNET \nHave you ever wondered how the owner of Facebook and Google make billions of money? \n\nFor Everyone Looking For An Alternative Source Of Income Online!!! Then this is for you. \n\nPAY PER VIEW(Data bundles is money) is a leading Multinational and Multicultural Russian company currently recruiting massively for Online Data Entry Clerks They believe in making the globe a world of possibilities where one can work stress-free and earn a good living.\nNo Discrimination, No Qualification, No Experience needed, No buying and Selling, Not MLM, Not Ponzi\n\nREQUIREMENTS: \n1.    Valid Email Address \n2.    Valid Phone Number \n3.    Access to Internet \n4.    Age limit from 18 - 45years\n\n\nJOB DESCRIPTION: Working at least 1 – 3 hrs of your time daily by simply filling in Captcha on the  company’s website just like Amazon. Each captcha attracts USD$0.10 and one could earn a whooping sum of at least $100 to $ 300 daily.\n\nPAYMENT is done through Western Union Money Transfer, Webmoney, bitcoin & other online bank payment platforms.\n\nWork starts immediately you Register/Sign Up, at the comfort of your home and at your leisure.\n\nWe can all enjoy this together\nApplication is absolutely free through the link below just like Facebook or YouTube \nhttps://goo.gl/HWNd3F\nDEADLINE: Join Now
both of them are incredible!! Their voice are so awesome!!!
I really love this family 😍💓💓
This song fits Life is Strange
Ooooommmmmgggg i love the Crosby's
Dave Congrats on being on The Voice! I was so happy when I seen you singing there! And your Beautiful family. Claire' coming on stage to sing with you PRICELESS!\nSending Positive vibes your way!\nPEACE LOVE & DREAMS!🍁\n💝🗺🌐📷🎥🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟✔🎼🎙🌴🌇🎶🎧🕊💞💭❣🎬🥂🍾
They tricked me Maybe you should try and judge the voice for yourself and turn based on your decision
Does anybody know what's the name of that song at the end of the video?
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
If he gets through the live rounds he’s gonna win
I would have picked Blake. Congrats on making it 💕💕
why os this 14 on trending... like he is quite good but still....
Daddy's behind at 3:03 - 3:04
❤️❤️❤️
Yo Check This Out \n\n\nhttps://youtu.be/qyVqYts4vCM
why im a crying?
Omg yay! I love this guy
Quickest 2 mil views on an audition..
haha claire is really cuuuute! 😊😊😊
WOW
#25 trending here in philippines😊
awesome！
😍😍😍😍
Wow! Good luck Dave 👍
I LOVE THIS SONG OMFG DCFC
My heart has melted
good
Yaaaaas clair your the best
Yesssssss Dave!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Go Crosbyyyyysssss
1:31 Adam's reaction lol
Good voice... Good luke Dave...
It's cute and all, but his voice really isn't the best. I've heard other singers who sound just like him. I feel like his popularity is what's gonna get him far in this competition instead of his actual voice.
I knew him before this
The most boring audition is the one trending. Wtf
I like this song, but terrible for an audition
Omg I love listening to him and his adorable daughter when they're on Ellen. I got excited when I heard he was going to be on here. I hope he makes it far.
That was totally unplanned. Totally.
A standing ovation for Claire!!!! Sorry Dave! LOL!
*For the night is dark and full of terrors*
And the winner of The Voice season 25.....Claire Crosby!!!!!
I knew I recognised his face from somewhere
AND THE WINNER IS ..........THIS IS THE VOICE!!! Im from the Philippines!! Hahaha
Is there a rule that says there should always be a fucking nigger in the judges?
Hey ...\nWhere's the coaches Song ?!!!\nI want see Jennifer with Miley Cyrus singing together 😀💟
i love you guys so much, thank you for always being there for me through everything
I wish you would learn how to speak like a normal person.
how can anyone not like you?
I enjoy watching your videos you are a  lovely young man and a decent human being I wish you well from the UK x
If he's uploading a video on YOUTUBE about quitting YOUTUBE you should know he's not quitting people 🙄
If you think it's click bait guys, it's going to be click bait. At this point that's every video, it's how they get us to press the video. It's their own marketing, they're not going to stop.
I wish I could do my makeup like this!😩 love you sooo much and I hope things keep looking up for you. ❤️
Hey love what brand contact you wearing? I love them you look amazing 😍😍
I love you so much and I love this makeup look
You are an inspiration xxx
Title is such clickbait. Still love you though lol
I love this eye look damn!!! 🤙🏼❤️
Oh so you're one of those clickbait hoe?
Vampy is so slay on you James..Glad ur back...I adore you James...sista Linda😍
i really like this style so nice and that eyeshadow
You're adorable, I wish we were friends.
I actually thought you were leaving youtube, i was so sad
Now that James Charles has proved his content by itself isn't able to bring viewers to his channel, I can finally unsub, knowing I'm really not missing out on much else.
Who cares if its clickbait. Every youtuber has clickbaited at least ONCE in their channel, so leave him alone.
Lol first day of fall was September 22nd so you were totally on the mark with the fall look!! May not feel like fall there but I assure you it is here in Denver, Colorado! It has been in the 50's and rainy here all week! Love the whole look, I think the lip is my favorite!
I HAD THE SAME REACTION WHEN YOU PUT THAT LIPPIE AGAINST YOUR LIP
GUYS, IT NOT CLICKBAIT. HE JUST TALKS ABOUT LEAVING YOUTUBE MAYBE IN THE FUTURE. THIS DOESN'T MEAN THAT HE IS!!!!
I was a little shook when I read the title cause I literally just started following you. I was like NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! You can't do that to a new sister!!! Lmao Love you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Why did he legit do the same thing as tana????
Everyone say that he talks fast but tbh he's the only YouTuber that I can stand to watch because I feel as though everyone else talks boring slow
Would anyone like to subscribe to our channel? We are new to YouTube and have not uploaded yet but we will eventually. Please and Thank You!💞🙏🏻
He looks like a creepy micheal Jackson and his voice annoys the hell out of me
I know it was click bait but my brain felt the need to click anyway just to make sure it wasn’t true
I have to watch all his videos on 0.75 speed because he gives me anxiety listening to him talk to so fast, I can't breathe. Lol
Why does his eyes always look snake-like? Or reptilian? yuck cant even watch for more than 20 seconds lol
James you are actually such an amazing person and I couldnt imagine what it would be like being already judged by the public eye ! ur so strong amd inspiring ! keep doing what u love and be a boss fucking sister
Aww you're such a sweet person. I hate that people are so rude to you, like geez. You're so talented, and very mature for your age. 💜💜
Wait why does everyone hate him again?
james oh my word! you look absolutely stunning <3 i dig this vampy look so much it's unreal
It's clickbait you are welcome
Watching you blend out this eyeshadow...so skilled! LOVE IT!
Clickbait is becoming a regular thing and it's really annoying ...
Could you do this eye look on me like NOWWWW
so annoyed. you literally didn't even want to do a grwm considering all you left were eyes and lips. a half ass video with a click bate title... James Charles you are pathetic. #unsubbing
Very very pretty. Reminds me of a runway 80's look. Nice!
Unsubscribed. Regret giving you the view
I love you james. Youre such a talented person like how??
Give it a quick little spritz (half the bottle later) okay done. NO HATE I love you I just put this cause I do the exact same thing 😂❤️😘😍
its okay i totally support u and i understand u bc i went through the same thing
to hear what  j.c is saying just put on the subtitles lol
i love you but hunty blend your bronzer
Please do a house tour
Just a quick spritz *sprays 100 times 😂😂 yass, I love you ❤️
Hey James! I love your videos and I don't want to sound mean saying this but I couldn't really see what colors you were using in the palettes because your hand was in the way. Just wanted to let you know! Stay strong and know that your sisters love you ❤
James, Just Know Ur sweet so nice beautiful and we all love ur vids what's funny to me is how all the mofo haters watch ur video and then drag u by ur weeve jk I love u but haters are haters and they need to know that there only hating cause ur popular or ur friendly most of the time there bullies cause something bad is happening in there Lillie and not yes don't let them get ur u just know say u be u and we all love u
Living for this look
yous to love you but know you use so much click bate its so anoying i am unsubbing sorry :(
you are so amazing james, so strong and so beautiful
I actually love you so much💗
how do you expect someone to want to watch you when you make clickbait videos? It just makes me not want to watch at all. How can you just plainly lie to your viewers with that title instead of being REAL and Upfront?
someone pls tell me how to order a pinkity drinkity sos
Don't apologize for anything you do or say hun. People throwing negativity are pathetic, immature and/or insecure about their own lives. Do what you want, say what you want and live how you want, unapologetically. Like you said, you create your own happiness, so don't let these preteens destroy yours before it even starts.
take a vacation here in the Philippines :) love you <3
So upset you never recieved my drawing after we spoke about it for ages ilysm ill send you another one
His voice is so irritating.
The people that dislike this are either haters and are not a sister or they are the people who just disliked this because of the click bait
Omg.   You inspire me to sing and help me learn more about makeup.   This inspired me to be a beautician
|-/ the clique is strong.
Awe don’t let people bring you down! You’re too amazing for that. Love you!
James, you are so talented and beautiful. They are hating because they are jelous that they aren't as good as you are. I love you wth all my heart an ALWAYS make me feel better when I have a bad day. ILYSM James... you mean the world to me!!!❤❤❤❤
all these people saying it clickbait,, calm down! it’s youtube what do you expect !!! stop bashing james he is wonderful❤️❤️❤️
You freaking scared me so much! On Twitter I got so upset because I completely took what you were saying wrong! Love you sister, take all the time you need. Sorry bout my whole Twitter fiasco with chu... can we still be frands?
James ily even tho u click baited me 😂 hates so hard we're here with you 💖
I do not like click baiters....
omg!! wen i first read the title i absoloutly FREAKED. i am sooo glad u arnt leaving, youtbe just wouldnt be the same!! just ignore all the haters because you are awesome n dont deserve the negtivity x
It's okay I forgive you
I love you but this click bait scared the shit out of me!!!!
You need to talk to my mom she doesn’t think anyone else in the world has emotions
i love this makeup look
Don't let that hate and negativity bring you down show them you are the best. Your amazing 💕😍
Through all negativity...I respect everything that you do. I am a huge fan of you and you inspire me because you are Covergirl's First Male Artist. I am so proud of you. I am a female trying to make the world a better and happier place and you have inspired me to do that. I love how amazing you are and how confident you are to do what you want. Love you so much James.\nHugs And Kisses From Australia 😘😘
Look at how many subscribers and followers you have gurlllll you have more fans than haters 💖 almost EVERYONEEE talks shit and judges don't trip potato chip 💖\n\nFrom: 👇\n@Celestehelloo
Dislike it because of the clickbait
Lol I love his because he is serious like “ It’s really hard doing this emotionally. Now we are using our morphie m433 brush with a warm orange tone”😂😂😂
Love you James you slay every day you should not let any hate get to you like what is there to hate on your so nice 💕💕💕them haters just have nothing better to do with there life 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
You guys should perform at like agt or X factor you guys are incredible! Love you!!!!!💖😍😘
Omg once I was going to an event with my friends and I picked up the wrong setting powder. We ended up taking loads of pictures and all with flash because it was dark. My friend sister Jayden, told me and then I realized what powder I used and that I had flash back. I definitely had a flashback Mary. Love you sister😘
I know that life gets hard some time, there are going to be haters no matter what you do. We love you so much! Please keep your head up because I don't know where I would be with out you. I love you to the moon and back.
Click bait???
love you
BEAUT I FUL.
Clickbait?? Are you kidding 😪
love love loooove this look!
I LOVE YOU
I love you
You scared me JAMES!
5:24 Fucking Clickbait
Clap one more time
MorpheEeEe
He talks super fast
Gosh, i cant deal w/ clickbait ughhhh. U scared me sister!!
Naw nvm get ya coin 💀
Do the STAINED GLASS LOOK!!
Who does highlight before blush ? Seems fishy 😤
🙄
Gorgeous!
#Quadfamily💪🏻❤️😍
Gorgeous
Bellaaaa❤❤
Love this look! 😍🔥🖤
Insta fam ❣️
Omg my number one favorite look
I need that liquid lipstick!!!
Hot
Very beautiful😍🍁🍂
Gorgeous  vampy look !
Gorgeous.. as always 😈😈😈😈😈
Hair tut! PLEASEEEE 😍
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍linda😘
What color foundation?
She legit looks like Veronica from Riverdale!
Lindo maquillaje.
Flawless 😍😍🙌🏽
6-10... These females and makup always amaze me 😂
Linda
HOLY SHIT YOU'RE FLAWLESS!!
so cute
Baz Pitch approves
QUICK!! Your toilet is lava!
Love the top!!! Omg 😍😍😍💄
Questioning my sexuality after watching.
love it #Quadfamily
😈😈😈😈😈❤️❤️
😘😘😘😘😘😘 loveee It!!!!!!!!
i see that hickey honey!!!
#quadfamily 😈\n😱😱😱😍😍😍
Mrs. Make up surgeon Dominque😍😍
Almost 3M and gorg!!
She’s trending! 💙😝
Where’s the shirt from😭
Love u girl so much don't change love ur personality
I love your lips so much!!
Do a peanut butter inspired look please
Also where is the top from? 😍
I literally just painted my nails similar to the color on your lips for fall,also I love your channel and your hair so much
Bellaaaaa❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ love love it looking like a twilight character 💕💕💕💕
Please do a hair tutorial!!!! 🙏😍
You're absolutely gorgeous but I say the same thing to myself every time I watch your videos.  It's always sloppy and slapped on.  Jaclyn hill would never slap on eye shadow like you do.  With you being so beautiful I really wish I could enjoy your videos but it just bugs me.
Love the hair \nCan u make a tutorial on how u styled it plz
Weird question, but why do they say snatch for contouring?
I clicked on this video because I loved her hair and while I loved the video I still don't know how to get this sexy haunting hair!!! By any chance does she have a tutorial up?
The makeup look is beautiful... but snatch is slang for pussy... please stop saying it!
I love watching your videos I wish I could pull off that lip color I love it. Would you do a video on how you fix your hair I got mine cut like that but can't get it fixed just right to suit me. Thank You and God Bless
You have made my day
Your beautiful Christen❤💖 love the way you are!
ugh sucks i cant use the tarte palette !!! i have it but when i use it i always end up with swollen eyelids :( looks like someone punched me in the eyes!!!
i'm so excited for Dominique beauty, and I love that gold on the waterline!
Can you pleasssssssse do a video about how styling your hair like that??? 😍😍😍
You're so pretty and very nice. You're perfect.
Those earrings. Does anyone know where they're from?
I really love your personality. I am a huge fan from the Philippines...lovelots
You sould take off the lash glue with some oil, that would melt the glue and you'll just have to clean. Ps: you can use any kind of oil even cooking oil 🤗🤗 lots of love from Paris 😘😘❤️❤️You rock !!
I wish I could wear make up. Women have an unfair advantage. This chick went from a 5 to a 9 just by covering her face. Im a solid 7 without make up, imagine if I could wear some make up.
She doesn't look vampy . She looks  nice . Pretty but I don't see vampy there at all .
I thought Photoshop illustrations take sometime but this proves me wrong.
Luv this look so much but mabe the eyeshadow shouldn't have gone right by the nose like the top of the nose has eyeshadow on it continued from the eye but Other than that I love the look
You are so amazing and gorgeousso jealous😍😍😍 I love this look soooo muchhh😄😄😄😄😄
When all you need in the title is vampy and you're there 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Omgggg the lips are to die for! Love the shirt! ☺ ❤
I love your Top where did u get it from plus how do you get your makeup to apply smooth ?
Stunning!! ✨✨✨Definitely gonna grab my tarte pro palette to give this look a try THANKS for the inspiration You look Beautiful with and without makeup!!! #QuadFamily💪🏻 your such a doll and you def gave me my fall Vibes!! Xoxo 😘
Your such a natural beauty!! Your hair is on fleek ! How did you do it ? X
When I first came across your videos I KNEW I had to binge watch you! You are soo funny and beautifully amazing. <3 <3 <3
Can't wait to see 24 different girls wearing the exact same look around the mall🙃
U r really gorgeous I love ur channel u inspired me plz sub to me even though I don't make videos
How to look like a dime a dozen slut you can find at the mall: a tutorial
I can’t handle how gorgeous she is 😍😍😩😩❤️
keep make up on and we good
ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS LOOK, literally obsessed with it !
So, why is a make-up tutorial trending?
I'm so glad this is on trending
Love everything about this vid!
I never click on these make up videos cuz I'm a straight dude, but the difference in the thumbnail is insane. You're a master of your craft. Cheers.
This is like the opposite of your last date night glam video and still both looks are so good
Can you do a cop makeup tutorial cause it is my Halloween costume
Does anyone else actually raise up their arm when she does? Cus I do!😂💪Love you, Christen! #QuadFamily😈
Please do a hair tutorial how you curl it and style it, your hair is goals seriouslyyyyyyy
Stunning! I love your videos
This shit is scary. I don't want to go to sleep with one person and wake up with someone else
Why do females without makeup pics always look like they haven't slept in months and been curb stomped by ed norton twice..? I do cocaine, hardly sleep ever and work doing physical labor and still never look as beat down as the thumbnail pics of girls pre makeup tutorials..
I love this makeup looks very cool, I love it!!!
I need cute clothes like you ah!
YOU LOOK SHMEKSY SEXY GUUUURL!!!!;)) I'D HIT THAT BELL
Love the her hair.
She is so pretty with or without make-up! I love her so much! The sweetest, most sincere beauty guru out here! <3 you, Christen!
You really deserve a hug 🙆🙅❤
Dark lipstick is so underrated! It's so good I don't see why more people don't wear it.
Why do girls look like they haven't slept in years when they don't wear make up?
I aspire to be as dramatic as this look!
New subscriber! Literally learned so much in one video wow..! 👏💅🏻🙏🏻
Can you pretty please with a cherry on top tell us what you're doing for your work out routine!? I've been seeing pics on Instagram and you look amazing!! Share the secret!
How many of your girls would go full on lesbian for CHRISTEN!
What's up with people and black lipstick? I mean everyday I see more and more women wearing black lipstick is this a trend or something?
is it just me or does Christen look even hotter now with that edgy look she has going on!!!
You look like Marla singer off fight club.
i swear to fucking god this is me everytime
As a Project Diva & Rhythm Heaven player, I feel this on a physical, spiritual, & dimensional level. And all the other levels too. Fucking Safes.
That's some cytus shit right there
mountain was renamed in honour of Barack Obama.\nMount Obamas height is 1318 feet.\nNot 1317 or 1319 but 1318 feet.\n\nRevelation 13:18\n \nHere is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.\n\nMount Obama sits opposite Christian valley or you could say it opposes it.\n\nThe Lord obviously wants believers aware Obama is the Antichrist, combined with the word of God id say this is rock solid proof\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Z1jzO_cYb_U\n\n\nRevelation 13:18\n \nHere is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.\n\nRevelation 7:4\n\nAnd I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of Israel.\n\nWhilst doing some research on #antichristobama i was amazed to find the following calculation.\n\nWe know Obama was born on August the 4th which is the 216th day of the year.\n\nIf we take the 144000 witnesses who will be Obamas worst enemies on the earth besides the 2 witnesses and divide the 144000 by  216 it works out at\n666.666666666\nSo thats FOUR sets of 666 if ever there was a doubt.\nOr\nDivide 144000 by 666 which works out at 216.216216216\n\nSo many pointers to Obama being Mr Lightning from Heaven.\n\n\nBARACK BUSTED IN REVELATION 13:18\n[url]https://youtu.be/8fNSR7yAIvo[/url]
ssr not in the leader pos xd
One of the best things about osu mania, the score system isn't some combo-based stupidity.
♪                                                                               EXTREME ★★★★★★★★• •\nTOTAL NOTES         428       [STAGE CLEAR]\nMAX COMBO           389\n---------------------------------------                                                \nCOOL                         316\nFINE                           112\nSAFE                          1\n\n                                                  *EXCELLENT*
damn right. nico better be team leader or else im unsubscribing
>still can't clear snow halation on expert\nKill me now
Rhythm heaven fever remix 10 in a nutshell
Its my birthday yoday can i get 14 likes for 14yrs old
Cant relate with the game choice, but its happen to me in guitar hero
Honestly, I love all your video's. There is never a bad video that I can ever recall, no matter the joke, Excellent work man.
God this is too real it's scary
Better luck next time, Dennis.\n-King Dragon, That One RPG That Turned Into a Rhythm Game with a Plot
How is this guy always on trending😑😑😑
I don't understand...
I hate this short vines from this guy but he is damn good. Fucker
I used to do full combos on love live without any problems when I first played it, when I redownloaded it I realized that I can no longer do a full combo on any songs anymore. ;__;
Is this chonny/ like I honestly can't see any difference
Can you do a video where When games let you use custom sound effects. I think you can use your imagination from there. 😉
I want to be this man.
Why are this guys videos always trending?
this isn't vine \nit's YouTube
what did I just watch.....
Any DDR players remember the end to Paranoia REVOLUTION where it all sounds over as the song fades out, Then 50 more notes in 5 seconds come at you?
Watching third time. Good luck man :'(
I used to be so obsessed with that game, but I'm not as bad as my roomies. They spent over $3,000 collectively on that game.\nIt's a good game tho
People visit the support channel offline, happy everyone happy day
god i hate that so much
I don't care that you broke your elbow.
The fuck is this weeb shite? I was expecting Guitar Hero...
This made no sense .\nI'm deaf,and even I know how rhythm games work.\n\nAnd yet, still on trending.
Please watch my videos i have no friends :(
The fuck did I just watch
LMFAOoo IM SALTY BC THIS IS SO RELATABLE, THIS SHIT HAPPENS TO ME ON LOVE LIVE ALL THE TIME
Why is this video trending
Finally a video I can relate too.
☝️😂👻it was done before it was over
OSU SQUAD WHERE U AT!!!
So... who's played Cytus?
Played osu 3 hours before I watched this.
One word...Osu.\n\n\n\n\nI was originally gonna say DDR, but that pales in comparison to other games.
Every rhythm game be like:
He looks like Sheldon from rocko's modern life
Hiding behind that innocent Asian face is a genius who cracked YT secret code  on how to be on trending page with 25 seconds vids.
made my day x)
THE SONG IS NEVER OVER UNTIL YOU SEE FULL COMBO
Why am I here ?
Why does this fat Bitch trend all the time?
Oh, video about Love Live! trending in the U.S.\n\nNever seen this before.
Want to know how I make $300+ a month doing the most simple thing possible? Click the link below to find out! \n\nhttp://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=30205
Deemo's Sunset in a nutshell 😂
Oh god project divaaaa osuuuuu uggghhhh
this. thank you.
Osu! makes me want to slit my throat.
Relatable, have a nice, depressing, day sirmiss.
yep.
EVERY FUCKING TIME
Drakengard 3, anyone?
Fucking OSu 😂😂
Rhythem Heaven in a nutshell.
_fucking_\n_fUckINg YE S_\n\nEVERY FUCKING TIM E THE FRIGGEN--\n\n*incoherent Japanese weeb screeching and suspiciously repeating ringing*
Your video froze my iPhone
Fuckin Project Diva....
Weeb
Its a crime proZD doesnt have a million subs ffs.\nSike jk.\n\n\nJk again 😂\nThis channel rocks.
WTF?
OH MY GOD
Fucking weeb
Good thing this got unflagged.
Relatable as fuck
Deemo
Nozomi did it
One fear
Drakengard 3 ugh
Lol
I like it
Human tree sloth....cool
rip the fc😢
who plays deemo here?
Remix 10 on Rhythm Heaven Fever
Just why...
Why is this trending?
😂🤣😂😘
Wtf is this on trending
Still making vines I see
*Psychjustkidding*
yoooooo he was fire
Fucking fever remix 10
Hammer down!
Click the circles!
😂
Me every Project Diva game
DFUKCING ALWAYS
why's this nigga trending every time . he aint funny like for real thoe
why was this in the trending page 😅
why are the aqours members in the middle of the squad
Why is this guy always on trending?
How is this trending
Try https://www.audible.com/numberphile and check out The Mathematics of Love by Hannah Fry\n\nEnvy free cake cutting (the paper mentioned): https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.03655 --- A clarifying note from Hannah: n^n^n^n^n^n is the *maximum* number of cuts in the n person case.
Just divide it in three
Why not cut it into 6ths and each person takes two? That would circumvent the awkward cutting into thirds that always looks quite difficult
Or cut it normally and don't eat a whole third of a goddam cake
THE CAKE IS A LIE!
The way I hear it, if I get that audio book, Hannah will come to my house and pour a jar of honey into my ears. Absolutely terrifying.
My dad always said life isn't fair.  Obviously fairness is a tool of mediocracy.  I think now I'm just envious of whomever still has an actual piece of cake.  I guess sharing just isn't appreciated.  It needs to also be fair.  Ergo no more cake. The cake is a lie.
Or just let an adult cut the damn cake.
I clicked because I thought this would demonstrate a method for cutting a cake/anything into three pieces evenly easily, which seems to be the actual problem here.  First person to cut is assumed to be okay with any of the three slices, but that's not what would happen as they would inevitably screw it up and leave one larger than the others.  Everyone will notice this, and the cutter will definitely not be getting that piece and will certainly envy the person who does.
Welllll you could just cut it into 6 pieces and give everyone 2 -_- (yay common sense)
I just use a 360° transporter ruler to mark 0°, 120° and 240° and cut along those lines.
You get what you get and you don't throw a fit. Unless you're trying to solve a math problem.
It's not the point, but the easiest way is to cut the cake into six pieces. It's easier to make the pieces equal in size AND everyone gets two pieces.
If I have to share my cake at all, I'll never be happy.
Oh for pity's sake.  find the center and cut it at the appropriate angles.  problem solved.
Or cut it in 12 parts and give each person 4 pieces.
You can also just get a triangle and cut out 3x120 degrees, or purely math by calculating the arch length and make little chocolate markers where to cut when done calculating.
i usually pick last. Also i don't like cake...
Bob is NOT happy since he had to slice the best portion. He is almost happy, he definitely is the saddest among them.
Start by cutting the cake into six pieces.  Then, going around the table, each person picks their favourite piece.  Then, going around the table in reverse order starting with the last person to previously pick, each person picks their favourite out of the remaining three pieces.
This did not deserve a video. At all
This is the exact same method as used to make a straightedge. You compare all 3 peices to each other over and over until they match
Bob can just buy a protractor
cut it six ways, each person gets 2
Based on your last equation, if n=1, then it would theoretically take 1 cut to divide the cake amongst this 1 person. What does this 1 cut do for the person if they are still getting the whole cake in the end?🤔
Cut in 6 pieces with just 2 straight cuts, all 3 get 2 pieces...
For 3 people, 3^3^3^3^3^3 is definitely a lot more than the number of cuts we did. What am I missing... Maybe 3 was a special case?
I expected the video to be about https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Last_diminisher method. As it was not, what are the advantages of the method presented here? At least it requires more arguing, is harder to generalize to more people, and Bob might be unhappy he was not able to choose his first choice but had to cut something off.
wut? There IS an easy way to divide circle in 3 sectors equally and it's well known. Shame on you, numberphile!
blend the cake until it's all crumbs and divide by weight.
See, this is entirely ineffective for me and the few people I share cake with, because none of us want a fair piece of cake, we just want the biggest piece so that the others don't get it - if everyone's happy, you've failed.
Way to over complicate it... most fair was it measure the cake using a tape measure, and use some math and boom there ya go. Easiest is to just cut it as a peace sign and go with it.... You guys WAY over complicate life.... Numberphile: Complicating Life Is Our Business.
Been using a similar technique when splitting up herbs between friends!
This was fun, but here is real life: Person 1 - Oh dear! Cutting into three pieces is harder than I thought. I should have....
This is why you dose the ENTIRE cake with iocane powder, after spending years building up an immunity to it.
Equally sharing a cake between three people on a math channel. Must be geometry... Nope, its game theory!
R A D I A L \nT H I R D S
Life would have been so much easier if a regular hexagonal baking tin had been used.
*the cake is a lie*
This doesn't actually solve the problem of buyers remorse though…
known problem, but a silly solution!
weigh the cake, cut it into three peices, cut some more and go down to as many decimals as you care to go. -a biologist
this could have been in an episode of tim and eric
Bought the book before I knew that Hannah wrote it! Top notch recording quality, great voice.
damn it this clip is about sh..t
I remember going to a super market where you can buy anything from cakes to car tires. it also had a little place where you could eat the things you bought from bakery/patissarie. We were 3 friends and bought a cake.What we did later I said i have an idea to cut the cake equally. I went to office supplies part of the supermarket and found a protractor. Then we cut the cake 120 degrees apart :P
Couldn't they just cut it in 6 (each cut split down the middle) and have two pieces each?
Should really change the letter requirement different for cake equations. I really it's not very mathematically sound but I like the idea of m. Thus making the cake equation mmmm
How to ruin a cake
So everyone gets a mess on their plate. You don't need maths for that.
Someone should buy Alex a protractor...
wrap a cord around the cake, cut it to size so it wraps end to end, fold one end over so that the point rests half way between the other end and the fold itself.\nmark the fold, and the overlapping end.\nwrap the cord around the cake, and cut from the center to the marks.\nperfect thirds.
cut the cake into quarters, cut the fourth corner into thirds (easy because its a triangle)
Oooor you have a 4th person doing the cutting and assigning without bias.
What if the second person just cuts his biggest piece in such a way that when the shaving is added to his second biggest, the two are equal? Then 3'rd person chooses, then 1st.
No, cupcake... no. \nTwo is a couple, three is a crowd. \nSo, for envy free cakes there is just one solution: For whomever wants cake - the kitchen is that way. Flour on the top shelf, water at the tap, milk in the fridge,  they'll figure it out.  \n\nBTW: There is no such thing as free cake. Be it envy free or otherwise.  :))
Or you could stop complaining
Will put this into practice immediately. Hooray for maths! :)  Thanks for sharing this exciting paper.
You're going to hit on this chick in public
In the mean time I would have brought a scale weighted it so that 3 are the same or even measured it and would be a lot quicker.
just cut the cake into 6 pieces and every piece ist about equal, every one gets 2 pieces, everyone ist happy.. (except the cake..)
just recently discovered?  lemme guess... in the break room at their university math dept.
That's the ugliest cake I've ever seen!
This doesn't work with people who cannot into logic.
Or do it the easy way and cut it into 6 pieces and each get 2, achieved by cutting the cake in half 4 times, but hey, i guess there is no complex equation for that.
I have a far better system that is quicker and works with far less cooperative and more distrusting actors.\n\nAdam Ben and Carl argue over how to fairly divide a cake until Adam makes a proposition.\n\nAdam Permit me to cut a one-third portion and if you think I cut too large a portion for myself then I give up that portion of the cake to you\n\nCarl oh yeah and I bet Ben will take that piece just because he's before me in alphabetical order\n\nAdam nope. My system doesn't depend on either of you getting any priority treatment, that first slice is not for me therefore for BOTH of you. You can divide that like a regular cake, one cuts the other chooses\n\nBen nice try, what if you cut a tiny slice? That'll screw everything up\n\nAdam that is the offer I am making, I cut a one-third slice and if you don't want it then let me have it, either because I screwed up and cut myself too little or I was truly fair and cut myself only my fair share.\n\nCarl I see, you have every incentive to be fair as if you take too much then Ben and I both EQUALLY benefit as we split it.\n\nBen yeah, if we both get a bit more than 1 sixth each then there'll be a bit less than 2 thirds remaining\n\nAdam and that remaining two thirds I split between me and you by 'one cuts the other chooses' if I make one piece bigger then you'll take the bigger piece. Then that bigger piece you split equally.\n\nSeems fair to me, if the cutter tries to cheat, then whatever remains equally benefits the other 2 by one cuts the other chooses.\n\nThis assumes there is no subjectivity, that everyone knows what is a fair piece and there's no chance Ben will say the first slice is too big yet Carl say the first slice is too small.
Guide yourself with a Spinner... at least that thing would be useful for something.
Much easier solution:\n1. Anna divides cake to 2 parts;\n2. Bob selects one of them. Anna gets the second;\n3. Anna and Bob cut their own pieces on 3 parts;\n4. Charlie selects 1 part from Anna and 1 part from Bob.
Person who's birthday it is gets the biggest slice. If it's no one's birthday, person who baked the cake gets the biggest slice. Simple.\n\nBut honestly I thought this video was going to be about an overly elaborate way to cut a cake into perfectly equal thirds.
How about this? Person A cuts, attempting to be as equal as possible. Person B chooses the piece for Person A, and C chooses his favorite.
Why not just always cut the cake evenly into 2n pieces and give every person 2 pieces?
It's a piece of cake.....
Cut it into 6 pieces and everyone gets 2 pieces.\n\nOrder the person grabbing a piece into the order 1,2,3,3,2,1 (Person 3 should be the person that cut the cake)
why not just slice 3 equal cross sections of the cake?
Mathematically quite simple: π/3  (pie divided by three) , duh
Wait if for n people it's n^n^n^n^n^n cuts then for 3 persons it would be over a million cuts... and we definitely didn't see a million cuts in the video..  am I missing something?
How about you don't share cake with whiners?
envy free? with all of that cutting I wouldn't be surprised to find them in a blood\n puddle
That end discussion... Hm... I bet a Hannah Fry ASMR channel would be crazy popular.
4:30 To the n, to the n, to the n... To the - to the HIT IT FERGIE
Wouldn't dare share it rather have it for myself
Bob is on a diet, so it's split evenly between Alice and Charlie.
Assuming each individual is attempting to get as much cake as possible (as opposed to having the second-most cake possible), this method will also work:\nA cuts cake into 2 pieces.\nB cuts and chooses 1 piece into 2 pieces, making 3 pieces.\nC takes 1 piece.\nA takes 1 piece.\nB takes 1 piece.\nC cannot be envious as they took the first piece.\nA cannot be envious of C unless B did not cut the larger half equally, but B will be left with the least amount of cake if this happens. B cannot be envious of C unless A cuts the cake in a way that leaves A with less cake than C. No individual can game the system to get the biggest piece without hurting their best possible cake outcome.
just cut it into 6ths and then give two pieces to everyone
What if Alice is on a diet and doesn't want extra cake?
Why not just cut each piece in 120 degree?
Well over a third of this video is an ad
So, let's say Charlie takes the Dud piece, then, Bob, seeing the trimmed and untrimmed slices as being equal, takes the untrimmed piece, would that not make Alice unhappy due to getting a piece with some cake trimmed off? Or is that in the rules, Bob must take the piece he trimmed if it is available?
White people problems amiright?
120° thank me later
Why so many dislikes
Buy a triangular cake! Problem solved!
One cake each. Solved!
int [ x^[ x / ln x ]   dx  ]  = x^[ x / ln x ]   + C
Skss
feminist mathematics
Buy cup cakes no cutting
Charlie bit my cake!
Among*? :/
Oh weh ghot ah cakhe.. weh ghonna caht iht.
WHERE IS THE SECOND VERSE
I’m confused .. so did Maddie and Caspar break up ?
I saw what you did there Casper 2:42
Anyone see the middle finger at 1:46
There was someone on the back of the ride with his middle finger up
Dude you can do way better than her so let it go.
Aww I feel so sorry for him 😥😥😢😢😢😢 this just broke my heart
R u still going out w/ Maddie
Caspar u are amazing any one would want to go out with u (if they have a brain) lysm xx btw its my birthday
fuck her you can get better one
1:54 I love the person flipping off the camera 😂
1: 45 ish,(when mdma hits
You tried...
This is pathetic
Your a prick
Aww no! Don't worry! X
what bout ur next compliment track mate
Awe 💗
What happened to Maddie?
MADDIE
I feel like they’re just still good friends lol and planned to meet up x
I'm so confused I thought that was Maddie
What a soulless ho. Not even 1 minute to explain what wasn't working. Reach for the stars and don't look back
I feel you mate :/ new sub from Mo Vlogs ! WASSUP CASPER
That was so sad, I'm so sorry Caspar... I almost cried at that conversation at the end, no matter what happens, never stop believing. I'm so sorry. ❤
I feel sorry for you you have to move on and looking for other girl
I guess it's safe to say Casper has a type
Love is still more terrifying\n\nLol I love caspar
Your get her. Next time
Thats so sad Casper :( idont understand why shes not wil be your Girl im sure you find another Girl somre Day :)
Ex- Ur not doing that thing again where you hold ur breath until i say i love you..     Caspar- (gasp)...       'Ex hangs up'
Wait hold up what happened to Madi?
Please tell me this isn't real?!
😂😂😂 poor cas
Is he still with Maddie
Awww i feel so bad 4 u
She's a bitch anyway. You could get someone better anyway. She looks like she can't suck dick anyway. I wouldn't cry over her.
Why are boys so retarded you a great girl and you let her slip away WOW !!!!!!!!!!
Is this real or nah?
Poor Caspar in love and yet try to win his ex 😭😓😰There are plenty of fish in the sea 😘
Hell to the no,no,no,NOO
Casper where's the 2nd verse of your rap at
Casper have you ever been to the kruger park
You can't even say you don't have a type
All his ex's look the same
I fucking hate when the jeans makes that maaan hahaha
And when did josh have a girlfriend
What a wreck. Why do you feel the need to broadcast everything? Super cringe
My brother is named Tristan
Hey any army Army exos beating bts in the AAA's. Even though its not by much we gotta keep voting Hwaiting http://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists
This is so emotional 😭
hey Casper you just can't cry like this
So sad of you Caspar lol
Your weaner is to small.
Just get back to gether the both of u please
what happened between you and maddie?
did i miss something? what happened to maddie?
Was he really crying in the end????? Omg. I didn't even know he and Maddie broke up...
Anyone else finding this cringey as fuck n most definitely not cute. Wtf
absolutely hilarious
Subscribe Mandi Biker Aashish,for Indian videos
What happened to Maddie?!?!
At 2:43 come on Casper get over her you probably are jacking off to this
YOU DESERVE BETTERRRR
What happened to maddie?
Unmmm nipples
Clap clap clap.
Maikbahar my chanel
Maddie?!?!!
Feels bad man...
Maddie pls
you deserve better❤️
What happened to Maddie?
Casper nooo!!! awww man xxxx love you
Rejected😭😭😭
She hung up😂😂
WAIT CASPAR I'LL LOVE UUU
Poor casper 😭😂
You honestly got friend zoned harder than my erections.😂😂
I got so upset 😭
1:45 someone in the background shows a middle finger 😂😂
No chance maybe a little
Bro..... u will get other girls...  better than this...  don't cry for this bitch...  u are a smart and a honest and a loyal person..  u will definitaley get better girl... we always with u bro..
Joe can be your girlfriend
I interviewed KSI and Joe Weller \nGo check it out!!!
This confused me SO much!\nFirst I was like 'What? Maddie and Caspar broke up???' Then like 'Wait..this isn't even Maddie? But she looks exactly like her wth??'\n\nWhy did Maddie and Caspar broke up though? :c\nShe was so gorgeous and cool!
I don't think I've ever seen anything that tragic before
What's the song that plays from 3:47 to 4:08
Poor caspa
Why did Maddie and Caspar break up? Xoxo
Loved this youtuber congratulations you got a new subscriber❤
Omg she looks like Corinna Kopf
😂🎈😂
Second verse?
LOL
What happened to maddie
Wtf
Oml
Crying!!
Yes
Thank you to everyone who made a purchase on eBay via our affiliate link at http://rossmanngroup.com/ebay for helping support this type of content. Your viewership is appreciated and as always, I hope you learned something!
Louis you're my fucking hero! I spilled a full glas of red vine over my 1 week old macbook pro (late 2013 bought it 2nd hand). i was frustrating and hated myself. you gave me confidence so i decided to open it up and repair it on my own. it was completly dead (even no light on the charger). i renew all damaged connections... some pins even vaporized when i heated them up because of the acid from the vine. i was lucky that i didn't need to buy any new components. i want to thank you for motivating people to do those repairs on their own, and you do well in showing that your skills are not special, actually everyone can do it with some practice. the microscope aswell the ultra sonic cleaner on my working place helped a lot of course... keep moving on - your repair videos are just fucking hilarious, i had to laugh a lot while i was realising i potentially lost 1000$. lots greetings from germany :)))) this message has been written on a water damaged macbook pro
Correction, that is not duct tape. It is a high tech polymer film used by NASA to control the international space station's water leaks. So it should be good enough for New Yorkers 👽
The real problem here is ur poor choice of a contractor....
All of NYC is a funnel going down the drain.
Congratulations on trending on YouTube!
How did an unedited video make it on trending?
Who was the worker? I have work for him
Why would you call a contractor for a window unit ??
I guess you don't take Uber then.
The unit isn't exactly leaking per se, its just hot and humid outside so water is accumulating on the evaporator coil. Looks like that is a packaged window AC which are intentionally slanted to the outside for drainage, rather than running a condensate drain line. Looks like whoever you hired, installed a piece of shit condensate line. The condensate drain can be done cheaply with soldered copper.  I guess the point is, you are still going to need to install a drain which directs water away from the entrance. Maybe hire a plumber to hang a condensate line, i'm in Canada, budget price for that (non-union), $400. Also, get a quote with a scope of work you both can sign off on, that way you can hold them to a copper line for instance, rather than taped tubes or whatever this guy used. Be specific on the route you want him to run.
What are you talking about? That's exactly how I'd do it.
Did you get an AC repair guy? Because at that point, you're better off buying a new one
I love Donald J Trump!!!
Ah so that's why trump did pay his contractors
Please buy a new camera
I know my father is a contractor... works under a millionaire... and heck I know he would probably bitch slap that other contractor...
