its kind of a pet peeve of me when people call that creative while nearly all of us are creative but in so different ways! i couldnt come up with the code fore a new computer game like others could. i couldnt sing the way others could. i couldnt be as experimental while cooking without producing disgusting stuff. :D that are ALL forms of creativity. i like to draw and i am good at it and i still make my own christmas and birthday cards but thats only one form of creativty!\n\nso Hannah when you said you where surrounded by creative people all the time but arent one of them i thought wait what?! :D for me you acutally are a really creative person :) YOU WROTE A BOOK. we are the same age and i couldnt even think of doing such and coming up with enough ideas to write down ;)
Person who invented the wheel probably couldn't draw but was certainly creative.
I am NOT an autist
I have developed the skills to make traditional visual art... but I struggle with self motivation, schedules, personal drive and getting things done 😭
You sure seem like a creative to me.  That's why I #thumbedit.
ok i relate to this so hard oh my god, like all my friends are either super creative and artsy or they're super athletic or they're both and i'm none of those things lol. but i totallyvget what you're saying
I read it as im not an autist. Lol
hannah witton queen of getting shit done!!! loved this video so much
Actually, studies show that most of 'creativity' is in fact, hard work.  So, there you go.  https://source.wustl.edu/2006/02/you-too-can-be-creative-it-just-takes-hard-work/
Wacom tablets are hard it ain't just u
“Maybe I’m not creative, and maybe I don’t need to be to create. I work hard and I’m driven, and perhaps that’s enough.” Brilliant
You have used your skills to give voice to important information and shine light on diverse and interesting topics. that is just as commendable as people who put feelings into songs or paint beautiful scenes with their words. everyone contributes something to this world, and what you contribute is amazing.
One can be creative outside the field of art. Taxes, for example.
'organisation v creativity' brings up some interesting thoughts, and I recently read a good quote that I think fits here: Hard work will always beat talent, if talent doesn't also work hard.\nI know talent and creativity aren't the same, but I still think the quote is close enough.\nAnyway, not feeling creative doesn't seem to have held you back, look at the life you're living in a very creative industry.\n\nI love the video, and your channel overall! You're simply fantastic!
Hi Hannah. my name is Luis, I'm from Lima, capital of Peru but I live in Italy. you are so nice and pretty. :)
Not gonna lie, thumbnail looked like it said ‘I’m not an autist’
You have no idea how relatable this video is!! Love you. Thank you for this.
Hannah you rock. Maybe not the next Van Gogh but you're good all the same
same though? my job isn't creative but my hobbies are- i still play with my college's alumni marching band sometimes, and i sew and cosplay. but i'm not creating my own music, just reading what someone else wrote for my instrument. you don't need to be creative to learn how to read music. and cosplaying is creative but it's more about figuring out how to take an outfit from a screen or a page and make it work in real life. it's just copying a design someone else came up with. same with the crazy makeup for one of the characters. it's not exactly creative when you're just copying someone else's.
This is me!!! Well, minus the math. But still.
not everybody has to be creative! I'd love to be organized and get my homeworks ready before the deadline for once, but nope... that's just not how I role.
you look like dodie on the thumbnail!
Communicating and dealing with numbers all involve creativity! :)
what extension are you using for your chrome dash?
the not-artistic bit is SO TRUE for me! unfortunately, the organisation bit is not lol. so i am uncreative and disorganised and it's really bloody hard to make stuff
You and me both, Hannah, you and me both!
I'm a creative person and, trust me, it doesn't always come naturally. I haven't made anything since June because of a lack of inspiration
OH MY GOD THIS IS MEEE. I'm a musician, study music, and I'm in a band. I've always persued creative subjects, but I'm academic and organised rather than creative because I don't 'make stuff' - I 'work with stuff'. I'm also like Hannah in the sense that I am so good at organising my time/work that I can enjoy time off after my part-time job, band rehearsals, uni work and researching job placements. I can't compose for shit, but I sure as hell can organise a good music event. Fuck yeah to the people in creative industries that aren't creative.
This video is really really interesting because I'm the complete opposite- my entire family are artists, and I've never ever struggled with art, writing, singing, poetry, and I play several instruments. But I'm an engineering student, and I love science more than anything, even though i struggle immensely with maths, organisation, and everything that makes an engineer, so I have to work twice as hard as everyone else. I'm very jealous of you but I also relate to this video!! Hard work is always worth it if you're doing what you love. Thank you for making this video. 💛
I relate to this so much! I'm great at math and analytics, I can find the answer if there is an answer there,  but it's frustrating when I realize I don't care as much about that stuff than I do about creative arts. In uni, I've pushed myself into more humanities classes and it's so damn HARD and so much more time consuming than my stats class, but I love them. I'm finding ways to incorporate how I work, for example my discipline and analyitical skills works great when keeping up on readings and analyzing texts, and I can use my friends stats and math in policy/social jobs. Different skills can come together to make great content even if you're not a natural drawer/musician/creator. It's easy to wish for what you don't have.
Enjoyed this one at Buffer!
You're hired!\n\nWait a minute... this wasn't an interview for job(!)
Even though this video was entirely about you speaking from your perspective, somehow it was exactly what I needed to hear about myself.
I am a singer. I am not creative. It gets very frustrating at times.
I do that DOODLE! I’m a linguist not a creative person and I’m so organized I can relate to this so much. Another amazing video ❤️
Aww great. Now I just want to see wait you were drawing at the end.
I am a good self taught artist... but still find struggles with being natural creative and inspired\nbut I do the things I love and that's why I enjoy doing it..
Keep working hard! I think you're really amazing!
This video was so thought provoking! I've always been a more creative person but in recent years since I went to university I've found that I really struggle to kind of get any creativity out of my brain and into physical form if that makes sense. I feel like I have so many ideas but when it comes to actually doing them my brain just goes nope. I wish I could be organised
This is so me! Loved the video!
I saw that cheeky quadratic formula in there ;-)
THAT DOODLE IS ALL I CAN DO
Well at least she has no self illusions
This is me!! The end part reminded me of my mum in her medical career ‘you don’t need to be clever to do medicine you just have to be able to work incredibly hard’
thanks for making this
You're insanely good at articulating your opinion and thoughts though and you could consider that an art in and of itself.
I don't think that creative and artistic have to be the same thing. Also, I really loved your little Ummm chorus.
OH MY GOD I LITERALLY DO THE SAME DOODLE! I am not a creative person either! What are the chances of that?!
ahh this is so interesting\nI am so completely unorganised i stress my friends out every hour as i wonder where on earth i left my phone/wallet/any other thing that i may have used within the last few minutes. \nbut i am creative\nand because of the total disorganisation that is my life i find it hard to be consistently the same type of creative.\nI've dabbled in almost every creative endeavour there is and gained a lot of joy and passion from every one. but my guitar now sitting in the corner, i haven't made a video in months and my paint brushes are covered in dried paint. \nI wish that i had the drive and the focus to just keep going. to not get distracted and move on before i've even finished the last thing.
100% can relate
Thought that said autist.
8008135 !!! yaaas!!! Thank u Hannah :)
I am neither
This was incredible
Stunning gorgeous woman.
This is fab <3
Your voice is so relaxing ❤️
YES
That thumbnail definitely says autist.
love it.
That’s ok
Love this, so witty :)
Brilliant!
Amazing!!!
THIS IS ME !!
That was... creative
Coyote peterson your videos is so cool that it feel happy and may i have your first book please 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😂😃👌
U know what I just thought of u should collab with Taylor Dean ur both awesome and I’m sure u could find something to do
I was thinking more like Gregory the Frogfish
at 3:49 I thought they say a shark
Coyote Peterson idk if you have done this but if you get stung by tarantula hawk and bullet ant why don’t you try the Japanese Giant Hornet
PLEase try and catch a puffer fish!
Ya know, it reminds a lot of the Leviathan from Terraria Calamity mod, especially with that lure thingy.
You are so amazing and I love our  your so amazing at catching animus.
Coyote,can you see if you can go to Madagascar  in on location
You should take a bite from The devils coach beetle
Hey lol
i like watching your videos they are very educational and trivial. However, for this episode the soundtrack seems too loud that it overpowers the narration, if you don't use a headset for listening you wouldn't understand what Cayote is talking about.
Maybe sometimes u can talk about exotic plants like rafflesia
Looked like a stone fish ,I got kind of nervous lol
Coyote should explore the BBC
Pls get stung by the Warrior Wasp
Eerie and cute
Hey coyote can u get up close with a Venus fly trap and try to get bit by it please
brother cyote huge fan of yours,  would love to see you work with Anacondas , Jaguars,  Leopards,  Bengal Tigers,  Lions,  Rhinos,  Hippos and many more \nwishing you all the best for your upcoming adventures looking forward to them \nbe brave
Hey Coyote, I was visiting family in the Sonoran Desert, and I saw a scorpion a bit bigger than the ball on the end of a pin, about a centimeter, and it was black. I was wondering what it was and I never found out. If you have an idea, please let me know!
Key eeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww really really bad and smell like blood and slimy
hey coyote, you should try to catch a Asian giant hornet its one of the BIGGEST hornets ever, i wanna see if your up for the challenge
WHY did you do this to this fish?? absolutely appalling and against what you should be advocating - education and protection of these lovely and rare creatures. have some accountability man... this was just WRONG
Can you go to a turkey
Kinda reminds me of the snl skit where 2 sisters are mermaids and one is half blob fish 😆
Now do the BLOB Fish.
Surprised this isn’t on tv
Is it not bad by being bit stung every viedo I mean it has to be bad
coyote i have a question is all fish have backbone
Can you do a livestream?
Now here's somthing really cool... Bleeding gum add goes on.
I’ve found your next “on location!”. You should visit the prehistoric pet information building down in California! You can meet all kinds of reptiles!! I would love to see a video on this, but I don’t know where in California it’s located. But I’d love to see you guys tour the place!!!
U know 5 the drill WWE version\n1-john cena\n2-Brock Lesnar \n3-Jey uso \nWAIT \nDO U KNOW THE SCREW DRIVER?!??!!?!?!
Coyote can you try to find an Loch Ness monster? I think it's real
For the next animal to get stung by you should get stung by the platypuses Barb
You should try to find a chinchilla pls
Should do a bearded dragon find and a bite
I love your video
How long does it take to make these videos
make A test : bite By komodo Dragon #ifyoubrave 😂😂😂
Hey my favorite thing is a crab can u PLZ find a coconut crab ther so cool PLZ find one for me
Coyote you have a better life than George Washington holy crap
you should investigate the mysteries of the northern forests in America. :)
COYOTE! I wanna see a bite from a Tokay Gecko and a pinch from a Coconut Crab PLEASE
Love your videos coyote! Keep up the good work.Your entertaining us all. Stay brave. Be wild best of luck to you my friend.
Hi, my name is Coyote Peterson, and today, I will be entering the bite zone of the African Lion on my neck.
I hope he never makes a TV show. He is perfect as he is! +If he makes a TV show, its takes more work because think of the effort. Compared to him I am lazy.. .🙏 .🙏
its so cuteeeeeeee <3
Coyote kinda looks like Ssundee
Can you do hermit crab pinch
Ugly+cute=cutglu
Catch a stone fish
Memo = Clown Fish
How about Freddy fazfish?  x3
Do a warrior wasp sting
Coyote is lite
I love it
ROAD TO 10 MILLION SUBS
Please post another video
I like turtles
*Coyote gets Interrogated by Russians*\nCoyote: I've been Stung by a killer bee, Bitten by a large Snapping turtle, Pinched By a Giant Crab\nWhat else you got on me\nRussians: Bring out the Fruits\nCoyote: Oh no.
9 MONTHS LATER NO WARRIOR WASP STING VIDEO ! \nWHAT IS GOING ON ???
You should come to leesburg florida because i have 2 turtles that maybe you can meet one is a striped mud turtle and the other is a yellow belly slider
We need a Australian person of you. (Brave Australianness)
Coyote: RIPPED apart to death by a grizzly bear\nCameraman: you ok?
Can you please find a wild fire skink and try to have it bite you!!!!
OKG LOOK!  ITS A TIGER LETS CAPTURE IT AND GET BITTEN BY IT TOMORROW! \n\n\n\nOH LOOK ITS A SHARK LETS GET BITTEN BY IT TOMORROW\n\n\n\n\nOH LOOK ITS A MOUNTAIN LION AND A BEAR LETS CAPTURE THEM AND GET BITTEN TOMORROW\n\n\nWE GONNA HAVE SO MUCH FUN
You should come dive in Washington my home town, like in the Marina in Westport you would find a lot of cool things there
Go find the Mexican redknee tarantula!!
I am  Coyote Peters on and I am about to step on a lego
When he said what should we name it I said Freddy before him
I think a Frog fish is kinda cute tho... not like a monster or some kinda thing. Well its definitely a fish😂
coyote looks better when he has his hat on
please coyote when you will  record video where you get stung by a toe bitter .. if you get stung by bullet ant and you are afraid of toe bitter I cant imagine what it must be ...
have u guys ate BEKFEST i have
you are so f****** cool
I wonder if the fish thought it was eaten and inside someones belly when inside that bucket
Ahhhhh
it looks so sad.
This will make you happy\n\n\n\n\n\nWow the frog is Kinda Cute!!
coyote you have to come down here to honduras to see the creatures here. recently i have caught a baby green iguana and i am keeping her as a pet. her name is penny. it would be cool if you came down to see me in honduras!!
There is tiny frog fish in Florida not really tiny but small those are sargassum frog fish
Be Brave stay wild and wonderfull with respect for God's wonderfull creatures amazing huh , didn't quite make it as a marine biologist doing esp exp's with dolphins next life eh !\n\nGod Bless R
Really wanna see a video on a box turtle
Coulde you do a video where you search for a lynx pack in Canada please?
Dude I'd rather watch your channel all day than watch Discovery or something.
Who else watched him when he only had like 1 mil subs and stoped watching and now are surprise of how many subs he has now in just one year
find a big white shark
I don't like fish. I only like birds
Can you do a video on going in the bite zone with a German Shepard and compare it to the Other dog
Hey you should get chomped by a red eared slider turtle on dragon tails
go get stung by a stone fish
I've been a big fan fo a descent time and i love to be a coyote but i must respectfully say that i am an arctic fox
...
WOW
Venus fly trap!!
*SUBNAUTICA*
You should go to biosphere 2 in Arizona
i have a request please i realy want to see a Redpanda on Brave wildderness ❤❤❤
What is that hole under his fin at 11:05 ??? It kind of gets bigger 1 or 2 seconds after that time mark, just watch closely
for a 3 stars general to say this in 2017 that proves his  leadership has just failed. words wont fix this mess. should have enforced better codes and resolved this problem without  hanging his dirty laundry to the public. this general needs long term vacation. let all the world know and see his lack of sight and management and thus may underestimate all.   A low rankling officer in a police station would have handled this situation better. maybe that is why there is a position called a speaker to address and answer the public  professionally if requested by the higher leadership in-charge.
Maybe you could give Trump a speech on how to treat people. My God what he's doing to the Puerto Ricans. Today, his visit was completely condenscending while accomplishing nothing except embarrassing them, us and himself.
You know what made Hitler dangerous?? He spoke the truth ....
That was an excellent speech!!! Trump should get some training from this man.
“The power of diversity, comes together and makes us that much more powerful.” – Diversity is what makes our military and our nation great – “If you can’t treat someone with dignity and respect, then get out.” \n\nI have never been prouder to be a veteran of the USAF. Amazing, bold, decisive.
Blah, blah, blah...All you do is talk-talk! Why is an element of divisiveness allowed to leave or stay on their own? As long as no action is taken against these haters--They will always victimize.
Wow! Thank you for your service and for standing up for the simple principle of respect for one another! People like you are why I love this Country!!! Best to you!\n\n#Class #Respect #Leadership
This is what real leadership looks like, not what that idiot in the white house is doing.
Excellent, thank you for speaking up.
The irony in this guys words is just too much. His job is to kill people. For money. To kill foreign people in a foreign land. For money!!! My chest hurts
Wow, a grandstanding, blow-hard G.O., imagine that!  Hardly ever see those.  Especially ones that spout off before finding out the facts.
why doesn’t this man run for presidency ? He needs to. he would be a great leader
Rumor is the  black cadets wrote it on there own boards..... maybe the Airforce needs to investigate before  jumping on the racism band wagon !!!!
Well done that man! Just when you think that there is no hope for the human race, when you think  that despair is the only possible response to the world around you, along comes   a man like this who makes you proud to be a human, makes you think that maybe just maybe there is hope. Such an eloquent and heart-felt speech.If it doesn't move you, you aren't fit to be called human.
JFK  wanted a black astronaght to be part of the original 7 of Project Mercury but there weren't any black test pilots
I don't understand the dislikes I just don't understand.
19,000 likes Versus 764 racists. Racists, there's your ratio.
Excellent
This will stay as one of the greatest speeches of the century.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!  Wonderful talk!  Admirable leadership that should be an example for all, particularly our current President!  I served two years in the military, and this makes me very proud.
OMG, he makes me feel so proud of our military and our people.
Propaganda to the max
Excuse, shit head, Iam 63yrs. old.. Where I went to school, we was tought  that to GET RESPECT you had to GIVE RESPECT!!! NOW, what I want to know is,, we're to RESPECT PEOPLE WHO DON'T RESPECT US.. IS THIS WHAT YOU'R SAYING..
...racism is spreads like fire from the bottom, from the single source of ignorance, from the single individual expressing his dissatisfaction, disgust and hate of things around him...then becomes a wildfire and consumes even the strongest of institutions...
Now that's what a military talk sounds like
This guy should be the fucking president of the united states
774 racists out of 20,000? Good job you guys, we're makin Youtube great again!
Its a shame there aren't more Lt. Gen. Jay Silveria's in this world!
What's about 700+ dislike?
I can't watch the entire thing. I get too upset thinking how our own president can't do nor say such intelligent things like this... these smart leaders like this guy must get so upset thinking we have an idiot running our country and he's this guys boss
Let the witch hunt begin!
thanks again for your support in this case I thought you might want to get the boys together and have a good weekend and I'll be back in town tomorrow
Next United States president
know that just like the Jew lead blacks into wanting to gangbang sell drugs and kill' through paying some big money to shuck and juvie' like NWA 2pac chef keef JayZ and many others' who chose to lead there people into the dark' for a life of riches' based on lies and destruction of there own people'..yup he would know that the honest pro whites are exposing the mass control the Jew has in media Hollywood and collage university's .. and he would know that the Jews are using the blacks to try to choke out the white mans truth because he is trying to wake everyone up to the false reality' that  is being drilled into your mind-all day everyday..
Well said sir. Racism and intolerance have no place in the modern world.
Heroes like this. Heroes like this are the real reason I wake up in the morning, the real reason I can sleep at night. The ideas they have, the love they bring. \n\nI have a good idea:\n\nWith all the horrible people spreading hatred out there, threatening to nuke us, our allies and with people on our side threatening to nuke people we don't like, we need to spread the idea of love and respect. We will not, should not and cannot tolerate disrespect and/or disparage any other person for any reason given besides their actions towards another human being. \n\nSo if you hate another person for the color of their skin, you need to GET OFF OF YOUTUBE. You don't belong here, where love and compassion should exist. \n\nIf you hate me or anybody else, you need to GET OFF OF YOUTUBE. \n\nIf you, angry, decide to dehumanize somebody based on something they don't like, you need to GET OFF OF YOUTUBE. \n\nThis is a community. We respect one another with passion, consideration, love and the utmost respect and honor.\n\nIf you cannot, will not and if you think you should not do that for the innocent people who do so much to help you and me because of the color of their skin, gender, age, country of origin and/or beliefs, not their actions, then you need to GET OFF OF YOUTUBE. \n\nThey are not the problem.\n\nYou are. \n\nAnd as people, we get rid of the things we don't like about ourselves, about our community.\n\nIf you are a nuisance to our community, then you need to GET OUT.
Say a joke\nThe United States has no racial discrimination~
They were Trump Supporters. I bet
Thank you for being human.
Why is it that some people in the comments are *more upset* about him condemning racism, than the actual act of racism, smdh 😒
The world need more leaders like Gen. Silveria...
I can't believe this has had only one million views. This man just virtually  declared himself running for office!
Those words shook me those words remind me of what the military felt like 10 years ago
trump is a grate president  yall just don't notice what he doing good cuse yall lesson to fox news and cnn they dont tell truth he bringing jobs to america he putting liberal in there place
This is the type of Man is need it to be our President. Not the piece of shit of a so call president that we have now.
JRLM you are a complete keyboard pussy because you refuse to use your real name nor a real photo of yourself. You and your words are without merit. LtGen Silveria's words are complete politically correct showboating which is destroying our military. Have you noticed, MORON, that the so-called racist words have not been published?
I do wish the so called President, the #45 would understand what this General speaks about....
Subscribe to my channel!\nReward: watch me give all racist 10 kicks up his ass!
Never was a patriot but after watching this, I feel proud to be an American.
ITS ONLY RACIST IF YOUR WHITE. FUCK THEM LIBTARDS.  I FUCKIN HATE THE RACE SHIT!!!!  I AM 75% CHEROKEE FUCK ALL LIBERALS AND AND WHITE GUILT. FUCK THE LEFT . I WANT ALL LEFTIST TO LEAVE MY FUCKIN LAND.
I wish I were 32 years younger standing in Mitchell Hall with my fellow American cadets to hear such a spiritful speech live.
I'm not racist, I just hate that black men get all the bitches. One day I'ma start a revolution, and there will be another civil war in America. Slavery ruined everything. I wish I had a time machine to stop slavery from ever happening. I'm going to hell for the mistakes our founding fathers' made. Forgive me God, but if I don't do it, no one will, and somebody's gotta do it.\nFuck u niggas, come at me I dare u, my eyes reder than the devil is.
Talk to all the cadets as if they are all guilty. That sets the tone for government work. If you want WELFARE you have to submit.
Oh right so the Jews have finally gained control of the military too?\nWow, we're really fucked now.\nIf this little faggot got in my face with this nigger worship faggotry I'd rape him in front of his staff
Someone make this guy our President
I’m confused, where are the offended black people, all I see is white people shaming other white people for being racist. Like wtf is going on, first pewdiepie says the n word and a bunch of white people are offended, like are white people secretly black?
I never understood how racist people think. Like, why would you hate a whole group of people based off their skin color? Something that we have no control over.. you don't get to pick what ethnicity you're born Into. You don't get to choose the country you're born in. You don't get to pick your parents...so why? The only thing you do get to pick is how you act as a human being. You can choose to be nice to your fellow human being. The only race is the human race. We may have different cultures but, that does not and should NOT make you any less human.
Thank you Lt Gen Jay Silveria!
fuck racism and racist people
Brilliant!
Well said Sir.\nWell said...
GOOSEBUMPS
Get out!!!
What leadership looks like.
😭
Usausausausausausa
Yep
O
Bad ass mother fucker right there!!!!!!
Thats your answer https://youtu.be/jn2x_qs2V6A Idiots!!!!
Whooo fuckn raaaaa!
Machiavelli at its best.
Nigger
It sure was.
Trump Trump Trump !!  MAGA
every racist deserve to die
Jew slaves
Lt. General Silveria for President 2020....💯
The same words I say to my students. There is only one way to grow a united family, this way is called respect, brotherhood and friendship among all. Those who do not respect others are out.
From a US Army combat vet: well said Lt. Gen, cut fence and sort those racist bastards out....
You got bigger problems than this Lt Gen. BS on your PC BS
Lt General Silveria: Don't you have something more important to do? Perhaps preparing the students to handle the next war?
Wake Up: The enemy wants to kill Americans, they do not care how about your skin tone.  When you're in battle and the enemy is bearing down on you, the last thing you're going to care about is the race of your fellow soldier. Embrace the things we share in common, they far outweigh our differences. As a military the saying United we stand, Divided we fall holds true. If you haven't learned that in your military leadership training, you're not fit for leadership or military service. Get out - Lt Gen Silveria couldn't have made it any simpler for those that have a hard time learning.
Racist people take note! XD Yeh because racists give a fuck about taking notes. They know their beliefs are fucked they don't care what others think of them XD Oh this man is a hero. What a leader for saying the fucking obvious. Oh god, what a true leader. Shut up.
Yeah when America was founded by whites it should be for whites this is why I'd never join a army that allows nigger and Muslims and faggots
Comments here are cancer. I will never understand Americans. I'll pay more attention to their comments when they finally catch up with the rest of the developed world. Right now it just causes me pain.
Racists are insecure moronic imbeciles
And people wonder why they kneel
Who the h*** dislike this video and why can't our president make the same speech
Why would you address all of these cadets as if they were all racists? Something is off here.  Seems to be grandstanding.  I am not ready to believe their is systemic racism in this institution as this speaker is propagandizing. Diversity really has nothing to do with racism.  You could have a perfectly equal amount of all races represented and still have racism.  This was a political speech.
Uh, I just need to tell ya...\n\nFerguson and Charletsviile were both a Hoax...\n\nThat’s right.  \n\nNo one shot. - No one dead.\n\nHands up don’t loot.\n\nRbM
Look at this left-wing bullshit. The Air Force, offended by words! How are we supposed to beat anyone when we break down over something like this? And I thought he was supposed to be a general. Put on your dress wear, you lazy shit, you're not in combat. Look official for your little press conference. God damn. All upset over a relatively minor incident, an incident that was more than likely a *HOAX*, like most hate crimes are. The Air Force is a bunch of pampered little faggots, if this video is anything to go by. Poor babies!
What you see on this video isn't strength, its pure weakness, this clown knows each and every one of his cadets would rather shoot at each other than anyone they are payed to murder in the middle east.
finally a white person speaks up
Would he be this fervent if AF academy football players didn't stand for the anthem?  You wonder, I hope so.  PC culture has invaded the military ranks also.
Hypocrisy 101 right there. The power of our diversity makes us stronger, no one can question our values, if you can't treat someone with dignity or respect you need to get out.... To blow the crap out of thousands,if not millions of innocent people around the world for no good reason. Great job America
I guess Trump supporters arent allowed there
👂🏼💯🇲🇽💯👂🏼
I really hate weakling sellout guilty white pussies like this piece of shit
PE NO SO
El patriotismo debería ser como la religión, cada uno escoge si amar, creer o no sentir nada por algo
Todos estos paletos no suman ni dos neuronas
LAMENTABLES, VAYA AFICIONADOS DE MIERDA
Vaya subnormales
vaya panda de orangutanes
Que vergüenza me dan algunos españoles
Putas espanoles kieren governar el mundo a precio de nada gratis hpts vividores
Españoles (no todos), me dan asco
Esquq vaya gente haceis hasta un video para los pitidos de piqué, envez de apoyarle...
Putos fachas de mierda hijos de Franco.
pinches simios castrosos, yo ya les hubiera mentado su madre
malagradecidos.
Animo pique no estas solo
Porqué pitais al mejor defensa que  teneis, vaya neardentales.
Ay si ay si... mi mamá dice jajajaja españoles son graciosos
Visca Cataluna , Macht aus Deutschland
vergüenza Vergüenza
Putos
Cabrones mal agradecidos que pena dan
Como dicen ustedes GILIPOLLAS!
Gente mediocre
Que grande Pique! Muchísimos huevos tenés.
Q gente tan analfabeta y estúpida!
Olé tus huevos Pique 👏👏👏
Que vergüenza de personas
vaya afición mas chaquetera somos hahaha
estaría aduriz partidendose la polla .
Malditos patriotas de mierda
Biba hezpaña!!
VAYA GENTUZA QUE TIENE QUE AGUANTAR PIQUE.
Mal agradecido y trogloditas
Que asco de gente
Este país esta lleno de gañanes, no se que educación le dieron sus padres de pequeños
Simplemente inaceptable... No lo merece después de dejarse todo por la selección española, en lugar de pitarlo deberían reconocer de una vez que siempre a estado a disposición de esta selección...!
A esta gente no les duele ser tan tontos?
-Pique cabrón España es tu nación\n-Pique vete a tu país\nMuy lógico todo\nSe tenía que ir, pero para dejar de soportar a esta panda de borregos. Mucho aguantas Piqué, eres un grande.
Una basura de gente
Que grande y profesional Pique \nEntrenar bajo las ordenes de tu tecnico a pesar de tantos insultos que profesionalismo señores
No se como hay q decirle q no le queremos
Lárgate llorón no se que coño haces en la selección española...cabron
Pitar pitar, siempre habrá españoles como yo que quieran a pique en su equipo y se desmarquen de otros españoles como vosotros
Qué raro que no se hayan puesto a cantar su otra canción de cabecera...el cara al sol. Esos serán los mismos que se ponían a pitar a la Marsellesa y demás himnos de los rivales...pero si pitaban el español se ponían a llorar. Menos mal, que afortunadamente, no reflejan a la mayoría de la afición española.
Después marca gol o  hace un buen partido y todos a aplaudirle como buenos hipócritas
Si yo hubiese estado tambien le pitaria.
Este personaje lleva años riéndose de españa y encima tenemos que aplaudirle?
Si eres independentista, por que quieres jugar con la seleccion española?
No soporto a piqué en general nunca  pero creo que le honra ir a la selección después de lo que ha pasado,  y los pitos no ayudan nada. Sólo incitan a más odio y más separación por las dos partes
El dia que Piqué se vaya...ya verán como lo hecharán de menos ya...y a llorar luego
Poco de ratas malagradecidas y irrespetuosas. Ya deciria tener una clase de jugador como Pique en mi seleccion, que importa lo que el quiera politicamente, esto es futbol!
Que pena con esa gente
Hablan de unidad y van a pitar y gritar a alguien que ha expresado su opinión de forma respetuosa. Que vergüenza de gente.
pique debe tener coherencia e irse de una seleccion que el mismo ha dicho no pertenecer
en vez de alentar a su selección van a silbar a los jugadores que vergüenza dan y se ven que están al pedo..
No se a quién quieren engañar, pitan a piqué porque es del Barca, así de simple..... (Madridistas)
odio Los españoles...creo que asi son todos aya! puros estupidos!
se va ir a Colombia... ya veran. :3 :V
Que vergüenza que El día después, un canal de Youtube que tiene muchos seguidores sé preste para esto, he disfrutado mucho de este canal a lo largo de sus años, pero esto realmente me parece una vergüenza... porque no mostrar al público de Cataluña que apoya la iniciativa?, Realmente aspectos sociales, políticos y sobre todo monetarios no deberían influir en un canal tan bueno como este, realmente que pena.
Que paso? No soy de españa
Pena con esa gente
Me parece lamentable que parte de un pueblo le grite e insulte a su propio compatriota, seguramente los mismos que gritaban eran los de casco con las letras en la espalda de POLICIA que golpeaban a la gente en Cataluña,  opresores.... nunca se sabe a quien tendrán delante, Dios quiera le toque tener en frente a sus propios hijos y esposas haber que hacen estos POLICIA.
No se como han aguantado tanto Cataluña como Pique en España, hay que ser muy mala persona para chiflar a alguien que llora después de ver como golpean a su gente por vota, increíble. Y se creen de primer mundo que es lo peor. La vergüenza de Europa como titulo la BBC
Fuera de lo retrógradas y fascistas que son muchos españoles; ahora entiendo a Pepe cuando se fue a Besiktas y dijo que en España la gente es fría y no sabe alentar a los jugadores. Siempre con sus mismas cantaletas de niños de preescolar, su patético lolololo de mierda y cánticos idiotas que no calientan ni a sus madres. Son afición sin sangre ni huevos, espejo de la sociedad  retrasada que tienen ahora.
Todos los que apoyan a pique soys hipócritas como el porque no tenéis argumentos namas decís  malagradecidos.
Y cuando gane con la selección o defienda un tirazo que podría hacer perder a la selección no quiero que estén ahí diciendo Que bueno Piqué; y luego se preguntan por qué el odio hacia España.
La voluntad del pueblo
Que mal españoles, supongo no todos piensas asi, seguro que gritaron algún gol
ridicules de gente, si catalunya quiere independizarse q le dejen q problema sera de ellos el problema
Que asco la gente tío
Que gente más patética
hijos de su puta madre malagradecidos de mierda, el Barcelona les dio un mundial y dos uefas, sin los jugadores del barça seguirían sin nada malditos muertos
Libertad de expression.  esa cosita que Franco les ha arrebatado.
Hay que ser una basura de persona para burlarse de las lagrimas de Pique por ver su pueblo ser golpeado
Qué mal agradecidos ni que España fuera el mejor país del mundo jajajaja
Se nota que son aficionados del Madrid. Los aficionados más hipócritas y mal agradecidos. Si pitan a su bicho no digamos a Pique.
y acá podemos ver lo infantil de algunos españoles..., esto solo se ve en españa.
Su campeonato mundial en gran parte fue a el nivel que mostraban jugadores como Xavi, Iniesta, Busquets y Puyol.. sin esos jugadores jamás hubiesen ganado aquel partido.
Pues que se ande a Cataluña y deje a España, y de igual forma que Barça y Espanyol se vayan a otra liga. ¿Quieren independencia? Pues que sea parejo y se haga todo bien.
Que asco en serio las ideologías en España, intolerantes por eso tienen el Gobierno que tienen por eso les va como les va.
Ninguno de los que el pita a pique sabe lo que es ansiar libertad.
Se parece a Argentina \n
Pena de País, una vergüenza europea.
vaya gente por eso el mundo esta como esta -.-
Puto país de mierda. Somos la puta verguenza del mundo, los más paletos, los más retrógrados y los más rancios.\nEspaña no merece un jugador como Piqué, ni lo merecerá jamás. A chuparla carcamales.
¿No tienen una mejor nota qué hacer? ¿Qué clase de porquería es ésta? Provocando odio no se llega a ningún lado.
USTEDES PRENSA ESPAÑOLA PROVOCAN ESTO! FELICES?
Seguro que Diego Costa, Marcos Senna o cualquier otro nacionalizado se sienten muy españoles, pensad un poco.
Pique vete ya no queremos a gente que no sienta a la selección y este por segundo plato. Si fuese lopetegui no me lo llevaba más pero le faltan cojones al seleccionador
que se muera perro malagradecido viva españa unida
Que vergüenza, dan pena la verdad😒😒
Banco a piqué a muerte pero ya debería dejar la selección,  por su bien.
entiendo porqué los catalanes quieren separarse de esta escoria fascista
A este hombre lo que realmente no se le perdona es que se riera del Real Madrid. Está muy feo esconderlo detrás de una bandera.
Pique eres mi idolo por aguantar esta situacion sigue adelante al menos tu has dado sangre por España no como estos comemanzanas que te pitan
Asco de gente pitando a un jugador que lo da siempre todo con su camiseta
Que puta vergüenza. Como le pueden gritar así a un jugador de tu propia selección por querer que la gente tenga su derecho al voto cuando él lo a dado todo por esa selección.
No se que me da que la mayoría de los que le han pitado celebraron su gol en el 87 contra la república checa en la Eurocopa y celebraran cualquier gol que marque en el Mundial 🤔
A mi no me parece bn que pique apoye un referendum ilegal pero es un jugadorazo que aporta mucho a la seleccion y que merece respeto
Alguien me puede explicar cuál fue el motivo?
Basura separatista, fuera de la seleccion! Que coño hace ahi si quiera si no se siente español?
Anitta Queen 😍
Anitta 🇧🇷
caralho contagiante pra caralho, n tinha escutado a original
Já amava essa música agora com Beyoncé ficou ainda melhor 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
TA MAS ALGUEM VIU A COMPANHIA DE DANÇA 1 MILLION ALI? :OOO
Beyoncé nem aparece  mas e  mesmo assim Reina 👑
Is there credit linking the original video clips?
BUT OMFG THIS IS SO BEAUTIFUL IM CRYINH
If You're An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
Never thought this song could become even better, but i stand corrected it did😥😍😍
Like repost and any feedback would be great https://soundcloud.com/akifofficial/carnage2
WHEN YA BOYS RUDY MANCUSO,NEYMAR AND YA GIRL LELE PONS JUST HAPPEN TO BE HERE.....I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE THAT LIKE THIS REMIX ....I GUESS I WAS WRONG
M E X I C O 🇲🇽💕🤘🏻
This isn't just another song for Beyonce. It's actually a way to promote the Houston Relief Effort and help Puerto Rico. For those interested: https://www.beyonce.com/
Bey: -Azul, você está comigo?\nBlue: -Oh sim, eu estou!\n🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Tem muito gringo reclamando da anitta!!\n Só tenho a dizer atura ou surta bb, nós sempre vamos continuar dominando comentários e se quizer chorar,volte pra creche!🍼🍼🍼\n#Anitta❤
Vão agora pro meu canal eu  também sei canta!❤
ada martin garrix😂😂😂💖
Rudy ❤️❤️❤️
真心没觉得好听
Boraa bailar? 💃🎶\nQ suing perfeito para dançar d todo jeito. 🙌💂💁👳👽👌
Cristiano Ronaldoooo
MI GENTE
ronaldo at start lol 😂😂😂😍
Lit🔥🔥🔥
Who are Annita? :O
APARECE LELE AAAAAAAAAAAAA
Espana?
#Anitta
Español, English et Français.
Queen B ❤️
I love this
🇨🇱🇲🇽❤💯👏👏👏🌍❤
ANITTA is wonderfull😍😍😍
🇫🇷🇨🇴🇺🇲 Freeze!
I love it
*Anitta, Neymar, MC Kevinho, Hugo Gloss e Marcelo (Real Madrid)* *BR*
Suscribanse ami CANALLLLLLLLLL (8
0:36 ANITTA <3
@hugogloss ❤
*Atura Ou Surta*  KD OS BR?
R. I. P for the klds
WTF? Why is Beyoncé here
Meh
Blue=Azul\nSoy eu, Soy eu
México presente mi gente
Salice!
😈
Quedo bien culero
TRASH
Aliya Janell, where you at? 😩😩
C mamo j balvin
YASSSS😍😫😱👏👏👏👏👏👏
Mi favorita
Yasssss👏🙏🙌😘❤️😻😍
No me gusto :(
Queen B 💁💃
que hpta cancion tan fea :(
I saw LELE pons dance video
escucha mi nuevo tema\nhttps://youtu.be/2Aa0fzrbAG0
Medio tabla
Hugo Gloss😍
France, Colombia, and Houston. Two countries and one city. Therefore Houston is her country
She ruins the flow of the song in my opinion
Sorry but Beyonce sounds horrible in this remix.  \nI prefer the original.
But it’s sometimes really annoying, because you would like to see comments like this is cool.. etc... but you see all that comments...
Subscribe to my channel if you like this song👍
Bueno. Creo que (para mi) fue un error escuchar esta canción. al menos los 41 seg que llevo, la olvidaré y olvidaré que B' canta en ella. Respetos a J Balvin. Me gusto la cabeza que brincaba....
so no one speaks english??\ncomo estas?? gracias...lmao those are the only spanish i know...ciao
quien es anitta por que todo el mundo hablan de ella
Dejen de joder con anitta, ya quisiera ella ser la mitad de la artista que es beyonce
Para esa persona especial que no podes sacar de tu cabeza Sigues en mi mente vídeo oficial \n👇👇👇👇👇\nhttps://youtu.be/zpjTM2njPRc\nContacto +543734444119 resistencia argentina
Suscribe a nuestro canal para ver todo lo que pasa género de Trap
Yo soy la reina de los MEMES :v  0:40
aqui estamos :v . ........\nel principio y sale cr7 con su hijo xD
Eso que no mamen mierda putos me dan pena agena
Like si crees que Beyoncé cago mi gente''
Ronaldo 0:05
ANITTA world domination soon
MUUUUY INTERESANTE...
Me encanta
english machine broke
Buena combinación amo a Beyoncé
BRASIL!!
La voz de Beyoncé parece de Loquendo
REPÚBLICA DOMINICANA💎👅.
Anitta ❤❤❤
1:05 anitta mi gente ❤❤❤❤
jajaja esta mierda de cancion ni pego en youtube fue un total fracaso q por q sale cristiano penaldo el g valbin ese penzo q seria un exito baboso baboso baboso
Esta canción es la mejor como si estás de acuerdo!
Jaja buena canción te mueve mucho 😃😂😋😍🎤🎶🎵🎼🎧
Wow no esperaba ver un video tan bakano, J Balvin siempre un paso adelante 👍
¡¡¡¡ESTO ES MUNDIAL!!!! J Balvin es hit tras hit... además Beyoncé combino súper bien en esta canción. Excelente
Me encantaba la versión normal pero con este remix ufff la rompieron ⚡💯🔥
Like si entendiste Reina de los Memes  :')
La cago la cancion, no sé, me da la impresion que J balvin sabe arreglar bien las canciones (esta cancion era solo de willy william y asi sola no era tan buena J balvin la arreglo bastante bien) Beyoncé la cago no sabe meter arreglos. Esos ritmos que le metio todo feos xDDD
J Balvin salvou a carreira de Beyonce 😂😂😂💅🏻
Mi gente is way better than Sua Cara
Quien carajos es Anita?
worst fucking collab ever. bitch cant sing spanish i can hear the auto tune
Nice, I love it!
Nice work!
One of those I wish I could've been there things
Nice!
The acting, writing and production is reminiscent of a porno, but worst
Lele is the best l,m also latina
What in this is funny
Cancer, not funny, painful to watch.
You dressed like kimpossible from Disney channel😃✌👍
Marshmallo's Summer brought me here......I like you lele pons.😊
COULDN'T SHE HAVE JUST UNSENT IT?
plz sub thai
I love you
omg I freaked out and screaming when you liked my comment on instagram. aloha.zoey 😂
Lel
I like your videos they crack me up😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😅😅😅😅😅
Lele I love you so much you are so cute
Just randomly facetiming a stranger in your bra
This is a good video
Where's the joke??
Horrible acting
Nice video
she has some booty diggers for nails.
Lele pons not to be rude but your fingernails look disgusting
Her fingernails are disgusting
Me: *breathes*\nLele Pons: IM LATINAAAA
The ending tho😂😂
LELE PONS PLEASE TAKE MY VIDEO IDEA!!!!!!!!!  ok so my idea is a girl comes home to find her boyfriend playing viedo games and gos on and on about how she takes care of him, then she magically switches the roles and now the boy comes home to girl playing video games, so then he learns how annoying it is, but plot twist. they cant in do the roles so the boy starts screaming and que the outro.
Lol
omg. sorry bro. whut?  :)
the funny point is that he got uglier photo than the one she was tryina hide . hahaa!
What's the name of song c playing in the end of her every videos ??
❤HA MADE YOU LOOK AT THIS COMMENT! CAUSE THIS ONE POPS OUT!❤
Her nails are so gross
I just created a content on youtube and I am expecting you to check my very first video. Please watch my video and tell me  something about.
LELE U SHOULD DO THE HAPPY DEATH DAY PARODY TRAILER
this whole video made 0 sense
Twele
WHEN THE SISTER WAS CALM LOL 😂
I died when I saw “the ugliest picture ever” 😂
The little sister was in a animal movie where it started with monkeys getting a disease blah blah blah then she killed a koala and It was hilarious i recomend it
Haha you got amazing VIDEOS and the end in every video is just telly fun !😘😘😘😘😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
eu te amo lele <3
can you subscribe to my yutube cannel         bossgang54
Lele  pons😚😙😚
One word, Cleavage.
LELE PONS FOR LIFE!!!!
😂😂😂😂
God what a vapid beast
😂😂😂👊🏼
Ewwwww ur nails
good video stupid thumbnail 😂
That ending 😂😂😂😂😂
uhh your nails..
OMG
Part 2 pleasesss
I like it but THE editing is so bad, i m'en THE Green screen, let inanna handle that
trying so hard to be funny Smh
One of the best videos lele has made
I think her hair got cut along with her humor...
Wow! I love it
Here come my boii Leon lush! I love you lushdaddy!
lele i love you but what's up with your nails tho?
LOL 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 her nails hahahaha I can't stop laughing!!!!!!!
Comment how many chromosomes you lost watching this very unfunny and stupid video! 😉
Jesus, she did all of that just from a text message? Well, damn.
She is worried about a text XD cuz her bf XD
lele can you  come to my house  please I got you something.  and  for my. birthday please 😀😀😀😀😊😊😊💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💕🎉🇺🇸 it's 37 Ave  Camelback. at the store liquor  thx😉
YOUR IN NASHVILLE/1/1? OMG I SAW U IN THE THINGY
I think that it would be best if the final problem instead of were you in my house\nyou would do did you did my hw?\nthat would be a good one
I'm waiting for part 3 of keeping up with the Gonzales
Luv you lele and I love the unibrow 😂
I don't understand is this supposed to be funny? Because it wasn't. Honestly the fact that anyone considers this comedy is kinda sad
almost cannot see the crew in the reflection of the window
Her bedroom is Greek themed!!!❤❤❤
I love this videos it's so good! ❤️
Lele pons has dry content and her videos are crap and not funny and she’s not a good youtuber
i didnt laugh and  the category is comedy
I wanted a Gonzalez episode lol 😂.
What's up like if you bored
....I have 89 vids but only 25 subs u have 71 vids and  5,660,299......subs
Do you do giveaways lele
MYKONOSSSSSS
Lele❤❤
What is the outro songggg
I LOVE IT
Best vine😂
nice comedy. ... I laughed.....     (total sarcasm)
😂😂😂😂😂
Tell me those are not her nasty ass chewed up stub ass thumbs dude wtf
Oh shit Lele is hawt🔥🔥
this video sucks
ewww she’s dumb
Lol
Omg  beautiful beautiful beautiful 
This not funny
your so funny
Hello there everyone
Good porno
Great vido 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏💗💜❤
C
nice tits but not funny
damn u look sosososo good hereeee
That was amazing
Hey henry, make a video that shows the easiest (and cheapest) ways for humans to fly.
You speak too fast..... Slow down !
Completely confused at how we would send all of this/translate but very interesting
I highly doubt we have anything we could Tell Aliens. Its more like they would be teaching us.
the mass is a huge roadblock, but easily overcome like this derp
I dig the whole method of making units universal.  Do you think there's a way to make a one-way teleportation device?  Like a ship that can teleport itself to a distant galaxy, and then to another location?
How do we understand and them
Would it be our units or their units?
With the thumbnail I thought this was going to be all about the high concept behind Altered Carbon.
The way we science, we are the aliens
But what is a proton and neutron to them and us.
It would take so long to communicate
Waste of time, knew it from the Title... IDK why i opened, Trust on channel may be... which is just gone.
Australia also has good cheese...and wine. It's not all the French ya know.
But first of all how do you teach them numbers.lol.this video makes no sense
I was always told that one mole is equal to the number of atoms of carbon-12 in 12 grams of carbon-12. With this relationship, wouldn't it already be possible to define the kilogram in terms of Carbon-12 atoms, which is the same idea as the silicon-28 sphere? Is there any benefit to choosing silicon-28 as opposed to the traditional carbon-12?
An EBE wouldn't contact us anytime soon were far too premitive...😏
According to Islam, Angels travel through wormholes.
Was good that vid. Gonna sub 👍✌️
Chock full of assumptions, a better assumption would be that the aliens would have to educate us on how to build a teleporter.\n\nAlso mass can be expressed in terms of energy and energy comes in a discrete, quantized form, such as photons.
I thought we were going to use a Watt balance?
#AskMinutePhysics Please please please... I want to understand how does ac current flows from the power station to my house... I mean that ac always reverses its polarity so what does it actually means... Does that mean if frequency is 50 Hz in India then in 1 sec 25 times ac current moves form station to my home and from my home to station... I want to understand the flow in a conducting wire which we practically see outside our house... It is easy to understand the reversal of polarity around and particular resistor in any theoretical diagram in a notebook but i can't imagine how it happens in wires outside our house...  How is ac current transmitted to our house with changing polarity at the same time...
If we are already making assumptions on communications, in this example why can't we describe mass in the way we do with equations? You know... the whole volume density shtick.
Why should the aliens know our number system in the first place?
but ..but what is a proton? *vsauce music kicks in*
And, how do you tell that what is a proton, electron and neutron?
You really crunched the numbers on this one. ;-)
Happy birthday, Henry! :)\n(Being 30 is no big deal, don't worry...)
You assume that they count in Base 10.....
1:25 Literally? Did you just literally misuse literally? Come on man.
sir please make a video on ferminon condensate and thankyou for your great cooperation sir my best wishes to you
The aliens might think we are a waste of their time if 9,192,631,770 oscillations was used as a measurement
Are you playing the bass line in your videos? I mean it's simple but sooooooooo amusing lol
NUMBERS ARE A FIGMENT OF THE HUMAN IMAGINATION
6.022... *10^23 is Avogadro's number, and like a dozen is 12 of whatever you count —eggs, papers, atoms, or asteroids —so is this number of anything a mole of that thing, particularly atoms or molecules. Once you agree on a mole, mass, density, and even pressure can be determined. You can do a lot of basic chemical and physical chemistry communication this way once a mole helps you determine weights and measures.
This ignores the fact that radio waves would take decades to reach Alpha Centari and light communication would takes years for each message and response. So it would be decades before we were able to understand each other and lifetimes before we even started building this teleporter
So, do we have solutions for matter vs antimatter?  Or Chirality?
but how could they Know what a proton is?@.@
Surprised he did not mention the time taken for signals to go back and forth.
But do they understand our language? Do they communicate the same as us? Do they understand our concept of time? There are so many more things to consider
1 kilogram is equal to the mass of 1 liter of water, and 1 liter is 0.001 cubic meters.  So if they know what water is, and they know what a meter is, they can figure out what a kilogram is.
Why is every science youtube channel so excited about this kg development? It's so pedestrian and semantic.
What the heck is a proton? And does oscillating mean twerking? I thought water was a fluid - what, we can go smaller? said in alien vernacular
Hi, your channel is pretty good and my students enjoy it. One question, in your proposed definition of mass you state that f of photon is of magnitude 10^48 Hz. Wouldn't that require a  period below the Planck time?  Can that work?
Sounds like a good plan to me. When do we get started? xD
We can't even say protons or electrons they don't understand what we mean😂
The part of the earth with good cheese\nGood thing that we don't have to worry about which language to use with aliens, Emy Adams figured that one out for us
So aliens know what decimal numbers are?
so this was how to talk with aliens
There is a specific weight of mass, measured in Carbon Atoms.
Antimatter is not allowed near the prototype Kg
Impossible, the Aliens know Pabllo Vittar. They refuse do some work together us.
Just learned how to fix my fridge, now its time to learn how to build a device to communicate with aliens. \nI love youtube.
Just a random thought, but couldn't we redefine our standard units and work backwards?\n\nSo the second is based on the frequency of light radiated when a Cs atom makes a specific transition, and a meter is based on the distance light travels.\n\nWhat if we define a joule as the amount of energy in 2.7551688167e18 photons of that same frequency of light? Then a newton is defined as the the amount of force you need to exert to give an object 1 Joule of kinetic energy after pushing it 1 meter. Then you can define the kilogram as the amount of mass you have if pushing with 1 newton provides 1 m/s^2 of acceleration.\n\nYou could also define the joule in terms of the amount of energy released when a certain number of (~6.7e9) are annihilated with anti-protons, and follow the same logic. Or once you have the definition of the joule you can base the kilogram on the amount of mass that would need to be annihilated to get ~1.8e10 J of energy (1 kg matter, 1 kg antimatter, or 1 total kg of matter and antimatter if the energy is ~9e9).\n\nNo need for a new physical standard for mass, unless I'm missing something.
Thats good n all but aliens dont even know what numbers are. They would have their own way of describing it
How will they understand our numbers? 😂 How will they know what are we talking about when we say protons and electrons? How will they do our math? They won't have a lot of similarities with us and first we gotta find aliens, finding a smart species is very improbable anyway
How are you sure that their scientific theory is the same, thus not having the concept of proton? \nAnd how do you communicate numbers?
1 minute ad on a 3 minute video. dont like that ratio.
Love the Zoolander quote at 0:27!
Aliens： what are numbers？ a finger is one？ no we wont have fingers sorry
So this is where I say we humans think we are at the pinnacle of intelligence. \n\nHow do we know our constructs of neutrons, protons and electrons i.e. concept of matter is the same as theirs? How do we begin scientific talk after we've established communication? There is literally no base for that, is there?
@minutephysics what if the aliens have a different number system, or don't even use numbers at all?
Why did you stop drawing??? Your drawings were awesome.......
Did no one catch that Zoolander reference at 0:26? xD
What is this a school for ants?
We could use Planck's constant or even use Carbon
You're assuming our alien friends paid attention in their high school math classes; a potentially catastrophic assumption
What if they named proton and neutrons and other subatomic particles differently from us (obviously)\nIt'll be atom but they may see atom as named something else, then how do we explain them that by 'atom' we mean atom (in their language)\n\n**Brainstorming started**
If we don't want immigrants in our countries then why would we wanna communicate with aliens and invite them to earth.
1st how do you say proton
I'm pretty sure we can already communicate pretty well with them, if we arrived at the point where both planets know that they want to build the device
Ever since this video released I've packed my bags
I wanna see that Star Wars parody you made.
Why did this video assume that we have to tell the aliens how we measure meter, second and kilogram. Maybe they have a more advanced method of measuring things, that is let's say based on forces, or energies. That way, they will tell us how to build those units and measures, and finally how to build a teleporter.
Since you didn't actually talk about the physics of a teleporter, a more accurate description of the video would be on how to communicate with aliens.  By the way, if building a teleporter was physically possible, then the implications would be that it would also be possible to send messages backwards in time.  This is why many people believe that instantaneous teleportation is not physically possible.
Used to be black on white\nNow it's white on black\nWhy?
What. Thats all i have to say. “What”
first of all: AND ALSO THEY HAVE TO USE THE SAME NUMBERS AS WE DO, or else math wouldn't work at all. boom, comunication destroyed.
Too bad we would probably get scared and bomb them before we could grow with them lije this
I didn’t understand a word of that.
Who else shares a birthday with YouTube?
Yeah because they are going to understand English more than what a kilogram is...
To be fair, even now you could use one of the draft standards for the kg, they're pretty damn close to each other.
How do you explain them what a proton/neutron/electron is?
Ryan versus Dorkman was the first video I saw on You Tube
Assuming their number system is same as ours 😜
Jesus, dude... how are we gonna measure TEA to make a proper batch of CHAI?
-Humans: send message to extraterrestrials explaining the universe\n-20 years goes by\n-Aliens: lol repost
How would ya say atom or proton or 42?Did you notice the 42 LOL?However, do not forget that this still is a serious question...
my fav. Gavagai!!!
Maybe you should rename your channel minuteads.
Just take DMT.
nice clickbait
Brain hurt.
minutefeces
really crap video
smoke more crack
Zoolander refrence
2
√16=4
The mom:\n* *Pretend like you're not noticing anything... This is gonna make you and your baby famous... don't ruin this... going good...* *
The Queens family is so over rated lol.. but maybe that's because I'm Irish idk
This video is trending in South Africa
those are Harry's real friends not some random stranger
off with her head!!
What a fucking gay channel
Haha the baby just steal over and over again 😂😂 and Harry dont even notice
OMG!! you dont put your dirty hand in someone elses food, i dont care if your prince or homeless.. you tell your child..thats a no no! wtf! you can tell he wasnt having it! but kept it cool.
He has a nephew​ and a niece so that probably not the first time that's happened. \n\nMy little cousins do this at Christmas dinner. The older kids are 21-16 and the youngest are 8-6. So we're talking about life or school and you just see little hands grabbing at your plate..... It's hilarious 😂
She should be charged with theft and being to cute.
Hi Friends..Please subscribe to our new channel.\nhttps://youtu.be/Ei5woPl8mgU\nhttps://youtu.be/eV-JOai3p-E\nhttps://youtu.be/yo6VOZRfxKk
Not surprised since the royals are all pediphile's.
Don't trust them with your children.
He looked more German than English.
If I had a dollar for every begger in this comment section, I would have enough money to buy a mansion.
GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!  LONG LIVE THE KING!
Remember when charlie.but my finger was trending and not this shit?
nice can I have some
The mum kind of ‘told’ her daughter  in the beginning if you look at her eyes
This would've been a great teaching moment for the mother and learning moment for the daughter about manners. Saying no to your children when appropriate  is how you instill home training. She saw the little girl digging  her grubby germy fingers in someone's food and she said nothing. This is why kids today grow up not knowing how to say simple things like please and thank you smh. \n\nJust like the other day some man's child coughed in someone's face at the grocery store and the Dad didn't even tell the child to cover her mouth. So now it's okay for virus carrying humans to go around coughing on people. Smh
#3 trending in Malaysia. And i don't even know who is he tbh.
he's so chill?? he's probably my fav royal tbh
Dat dam toddler will look back on this when they are grown up and be like\n\n\n\n\n\n*Shit boiiii I stole his dammm popcornnnn*
You can tell prince harry has his mother’s heart ❤️ .... his mom was a very nice lady
I’d slap the kid don’t take my food without my permission
bella bebe y Harry was so nice ❤️
Hi my name is Gicu , and i have finance problem in my family , i am second year in university , if u can help me with 10 dollars , send please on this account  MD71AG000000022593165293 . Thank u very much in advance
yo everyone wanted to share this awesome site i found to get gift cards asap ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?747017622
Actually as mother and an African it will be very embarrassing for my child to take someone's food without asking for permission I will  stop her immediately I notice she's doing that I'm sorry. 🙊🙈👎
On .30 seconds you can actually see a reptile serpent tongue slithering out his hybrid ass
Subscribe to this site https://mena.yougov.com/en/refer/
Omg that kid is so savage 😂😂
SUB ME I WILL SUB BACK ANYONE
haha what a king\n\n\n\n\n\nSorry
Ronaldo performs El Tornado in REAL LIFE!!!!!!  SHARE AND LIKE check the link to see the video ===> https://youtu.be/tPNE2V4lXP8
ever scroll through trending every once and awhile and see one video and say to yourself,  Yep, this is it. This is where we are right now. This is the world. Yeh. Me too my sweet babies
The mom tempted the baby then looked away straight when the baby ate it
Is this the type of thing that’s weird that goes viral 😂😂😂😂
Who came here from youtube
Little did he know she was a Russian spy
who tf is prince harry
hye guys!!! can u subscribe me ...if you sub me i sub you back tq...hihi
This is really weird. Why are so many people gushing over this moment as though if were the 2nd coming of Christ. These royals are the scum of humanity.
💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖\nI love this part where Prince Harry gives his popcorn to this adorable sneaky little girl.
the girl will get older and say, thats me stealing prince harry popcorn. lol
nice the baby got style, taking from the rich
I feel so bad for prince Harry and William they lost Diana on such a tragic way😭
Reminds me when I was a kid:\nThis lady was getting out poppers for her kids and I went up to her and said:\n may I please have one,\nAnd she said:\nOh I'm sorry! I don't have any more!\nI just looked at her, took the one closest and walked off without looking back.\nI definitely remember one kid crying while I was drinking it next to my mum😂\nI wish I could still get away with that😂
SNAPCHAT MARZIZ00
ec78fc3f13
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I whould kill that little babby like bicth dat my popcorn
Neck yourself
Omg so cute
Esa eh xora esa eh mi compañerah
He didn't even relize hahahahahaha
hi
Lol
Suscribanse a https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdnNzo5bolhk8dQneW4W9-g plis
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=150892
Probably related
https://youtu.be/NGhCsGOOopo
Follow me on twitter @burningdarklava
awww😊😊
salute😍
Gay
Illuminati
God video
#5 trending in Peru.
The Toddler om nom nom awww so cute :3 <3
Prince Harry....Prince Charming! 😍
白人果然是天生的小偷，垃圾民族
They're both so similar! The little girl and prince Harry have to do NOTHING!
16m view just watch this I mean.....
https://youtu.be/LZWA2oiGq7I\n\nthe best
http://MyPayMyLife.com/?ref=5480
Hasu jutu
Lol
Welcome to my chanel\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BmiSnth32I
http://quamiller.com/njI
Haha cutee
D E E P
Uncle harry.
😂😂😂😂😂
https://youtu.be/TyPDYOjfJg8
#1 On trending?\nWhat??
Inbred mothefucker family
0:19 when ur friends want ur food
O my 😂
Checking my channel !
Little finger
#PrayForLasVegas
So cute
This is just terrible
Prince Charles should learn a thing or two about why his son is liked so much!
He had sex with that lady later that day
wtf was that face he made at :30 . the dude probably ate the baby after the game. sick royal families
Fucking reptilian
Notice the beautiful thing about children that they don't know about the concept of mine and yours. Love the contrast in mind-set.
This Bob 🙂 he is age 0 like to make him one year older
Thank you for this. This glimpse into the reality that exists in the BVI right now does not exist, and people need to see this to understand. Thanks Sam.
💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
Amazing story. Keep up the good work!
Thank you so much Sam for your big heart. This is a very moving video. Be blessed for reaching out to your community. The people also seem to genuinely love you. Thank you for reaching out and for sharing this with the world. #bvistrong
Wonderful documentary showing the resilience of these beautiful people and the strength of community in the face of such devastation. Thank you Sam Branson ! Shared to several groups...
My home ❤️😭
Thank you Sam for this and to show us this part of the world, those destiny and those situations. It's touching to see those communities and humanity. Thanks.
British Virgin Islands has the hart to rebuild better than before. A truly shocking insight into the devastation.\nIf this was to happen in my street, it would soon get very violent and selfish.
Thank you for this. Amazing community. Shared!!!
you're good people you branson's. good luck to you.
Seeing Nick tearing up like that was brutal.  The people of the BVIs are resilient, but they have a long, long road ahead of them.  I hope help is pouring in (as it needs to be).
You truly are Amazing Brother, God Bless you and your Family. #OneLove🙌🙌
This had to be filmed didn’t, to show everyone the sheer state and spread the message . No. Everyone knows that people live in awful conditions and when you seem to be doing this to look like a ‘hero’ is appalling
This is just amazing
Is this guy related to Richard Branson?
This area is my favorite place on Earth. I hate that these wonderful ppl are going through this. Thank you for telling the world their story. God bless you!
These people care about one thing, Living.\nMeanwhile, arrogant Americans in the USA fighting over everything from skin color to kneeling to a slave song (National Anthem)\nPeople in the USA mind is fucked up. Most, not all
Thank you for this film Sam, heartbreaking and heartwarming all at the same time.
And you have people in the UK moan over a bit of rain, people take life for granted.
thanks so much  as this film makes it so real, I hope they get lots of help.
Good stuff Sam. Thankfully Antigua was spared and is trying to help our neighbors. All the best.
Great video Sam - love to all the guys in the BVI!
I was not aware of the totality of devastation to this area. It's tragic but the spirit of the people in the midst of such difficulty shows their strength. They are stronger than I might be... not complaining, but truthful in certain situations and grateful when they see someone there to help. Thank you!
Thanks for posting this Sam. People have no idea how destructive these storms can be. I've been through quite a few in Bermuda, but nothing like this. So far this year we have been very fortunate to stay out of the path. Right now we sit between two storms for the second time this season.
The spirit and attitude of the people of Virgin Gorda is truly amazing.
Sharing Sam. Wish I could be there to help and hug. <3
Oh my goodness!  I knew it was bad but not this bad.  Thank you so much Sam for sharing this and giving an insight into how devastating the situation is.  God Bless you for your efforts to help these people.
Thank you from Singapore! Is internet connectivity restored +Sambranson  ?
Thankyou for documenting this.Gives good insight on whats happening in BVI.Am grateful there hopeful and grateful to be alive.It will get better with time.
Thanks so much for supporting this beautiful people in  need , thanks a million Sam.
I'm so appreciate for your good works. Keep going Sam.
Keep up the positive work Sam! Proud of you taking care of other and yourself. Stay safe and continue to have high spirits! Help is on the way! If you need a Master Electrician I'm always around! Don't look back and continue to build for a better future!
Sad to see such devastation but amazing job Sam going in to help! The world needs more people like yourself! Keep safe and positive. Hard times can have an effect on the brain too so take care of each other and you! Heads high and help is coming soon!
Help's coming.  Great job keeping hope alive Sam.
Thank you for this video. My niece is in St John living it & volunteering. Pictures can't show what they're experiencing but this gives us an idea.  God Bless you!
For a greener,stronger and more positive Virgin Islands! Amazing people! Stay safe Caribbean!
Love this..Thanks for sharing your good work!
<3
Bless you all 🌈🌞
❤️
How can I physically get involved and help in person, for an open amount of time, not a vacation? I am strong, multi-talented, and can do so many things, like help rebuild, with many carpentry skills, as well as cook, teach the children., an artist that can beautify the current environment they have.  Do you know of anyone who would be organizing volunteers?  Love to all on BVI.\nThank you for your honest and touching video.
Hi Sam. Great video. I’m devastated by what has happened. I want to know what I can do to help. My friends run sunchaser scuba and I was over there just in May / June. The pictures I’m seeing are horrifying and bring me to tears each time. 😢 how are the animals in the sanctuary on Necker doing and on VG?
David Irwin, Doubled D Charters shared your video out. I lived in St Maarten 10 years, visited VG. After watching hundreds of videos about islands destroyed, yours, reveals more realistic depth of Help, Hope, & Hurricanes, and Love bigger than any hurricane. Thank you. Love & respect.
Brilliant video, Sam Branson - Robin Pinfold and family  are having a fundraising in Cornwall, can we use this video?
What I don't understand is why there has been no preparation for this? For an island that regularly experiences hurricanes why are the buildings not being built with concrete and bricks? Why are the roofs not strapped? Why are the boats not pulled into dry docks? There is usually 10+ years between big hurricanes but it seems very little preparation if any has been done.
She's sooo talented!!! your fans are proud of you, Era.. Love ya, from Brazil ❤❤🇧🇷
*Era means Wind but it sounds better not to translate!*\n\nOur Era is Shqip.\nShe is born Shqip.\nShe grew up Shqip.\nShe got famous Shqip.\nShqip is what we want to listen.
I am addicted to this song
This/ She makes me jealous of Albanians and makes me wish i was Albanian :(
Wow like rihanna or kylie jenner, i like it 😘😘😘😘😍😍😍
She looks in some momentss like Kylie Jener
Where are my *ALBANIANS* ?!?!?
ERA 🔥🔥🔥 <3
Albanian blood bro🔥💥
🇦🇱 🇲🇦
Sick Video 🔥
She's back and looking like Kylie more than ever
Can shut the hell up all of you . She sound like Rihanna she looks like Kylie she bla she blooo , she is Era and that's all. When she was brake all records with bon bon she didn't look like anyone , so shuut the helll uuuuuuppp and enjoy her amazing music assholes.
You became famous because you were original. Now you're nothing but a pathetic cheap wannabe-famous cheap copy of shitty 'murican shitty artists.... What the hell is this meaningless shit?
She looks like Kylie here ❤️
Best song 🖒👌 love you era 💓
Is it me or Does she sound like riri and look a bit like kylie jenner
French sucks but u're so hot era
OMG Im so proud of her <3
U are the best Era
Man french on fire this year \nHe drop hit after hit bless up man 😊😊
#brazil in the house .... go era ... this song is amazing
I finally figured out the song!She is basically saying they can have sex anywhere anytime but that they can’t fall in love with each other (like those are going to be the rules)hence the name “No I love yous” and her saying”Don’t wanna love,we could do this all night we could do this all the time but no I love yous”.Hope you guys enjoyed my explanation!!!!
better than ririi \ngoo girl proud of you and my ALBANIA ♡ KOSOVO
Is she gonna be popular in the states now?
Rihanna needs to get paid a percentage of whatever she makes cause she’s not even trying to sound different right now 😂
Cool.. Very nice to see her again!
Rihanna style 💋
👍👍👍
Her voice sounds like Riri😍🔥
miss your dreadlocks
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💖💖
i mean choaking
Did he say Mobb Deep
Era is a quenn!🔥
Pia Mia x Rihanna
Great from Serbia Era
Princess👑\n🎵🎶🎵🎶
perfectt 🇦🇱🇺🇸🇽🇰
No i love yous what does It Mean? ????
Really  a  Bull Shit   Called  SONG  Nobody  know's  what  shi  or  Montana  Say  or  Sing...Maybe  NEW  U.F.O...WORDS ..???.... i  tray  to  translate  the  words with  Google  Translate  but  Nothing  Helps...A  Big  FLLOP....!
era deshtimka
https://youtu.be/Ke_n09Gn9I0
crack bitch
No I love yous or new rules?
We can do it all night ❌💣
THE RIGHT LYRICS\n\n\n Pull up \nWe can do it all night (skurt)\nDo it at the stop light \nRed light, special for ya\nDo what I let ya\nBoy you poppin and you know I got it \nAll night over drivin \nNo it aint no stopping \nFall in love dont do it\n\nNah nah dont do it \nNah nah dont do it \nKeep ya head on right \nDo it just how I like\nNah nah dont push it , yeah\nNah nah dont push it\nDo it just how I like\nDont front, dont front, dont front \nBut no I love you's \nDont want no love \nWe can do it all night \nWe can do this all the time but no I love you's \nDont want no love \nWe can do it all night \nWe can do this all the time but no i love you's \nPull up, we can do it all week \nRing up, you know when to call me \nBedroom still poppin \nKeep it where I left you\nBoy you watchin yeah you know you watchin\nYou know you aint gotta hide it \nNo it aint no stoppin \nFall in love dont do it \nNah nah dont do it \nNah nah dont do it \nKeep ya head on straight \nJust might give a little taste\nNah nah dont push it \nNah nah dont push it, yeah \nSaid you know what I wanna do\nBaby I just wanna fuck with you\n\nBut no I love you's\nDont want no love \nWe can do it all night \nWe can do this all the time but no I love you's \nNah nah dont push it \nNah nah dont push it\nWe can do it all night \nWe can do this all the time but no I love you's \nHoppin’ out the Phantom and the Benzo\nLivin' in the friend zone\nJumpin’ like James in the end zone\nSmoking that end though\nBaby don’t pull down the window\nBut hit it in the back with the tints though\nPull up pull up pull up\n7 cars all week\n“Quiet Storm” like Mobb Deep\nChina silk baby gold sheets?\nThrough the aisles like 4 weeks\nAnd that sand all white\nNo we turn up all night\nAnd the water all blue\nAnd that fish don’t bite\nNa na don’t do it\nBaby na na don’t do it\nNa na don’t do it\nWe gon’ make that money then blow it\nG5 no cameras\nYou know they call me French Montana, tell it
Pull up \nWe can do it all night (skurt)\nDo it at the stop light \nRed light, special for ya\nDo what I let ya\nBoy you poppin and you know I got it \nAll night over drivin \nNo it aint no stopping \nFall in love dont do it\n\nNah nah dont do it \nNah nah dont do it \nKeep ya head on right \nDo it just how I like\nNah nah dont push it , yeah\nNah nah dont push it\nDo it just how I like\nDont front, dont front, dont front \n\nBut no I love you's \nDont want no love \nWe can do it all night \nWe can do this all the time but no I love you's \nDont want no love \nWe can do it all night \nWe can do this all the time but no i love you's \n\nPull up, we can do it all week \nRing up, you know when to call me \nBedroom still poppin \nKeep it where I left you\nBoy you watchin yeah you know you watchin\nYou know you aint gotta hide it \nNo it aint no stoppin \nFall in love dont do it \nNah nah dont do it \nNah nah dont do it \nKeep ya head on straight \nJust might give a little taste\nNah nah dont push it \nNah nah dont push it, yeah \nSaid you know what I wanna do\nBaby I just wanna fuck with you\n\nBut no I love you's\nDont want no love \nWe can do it all night \nWe can do this all the time but no I love you's \nNah nah dont push it \nNah nah dont push it\nWe can do it all night \nWe can do this all the time but no I love you's \n\nHoppin’ out the Phantom and the Benzo\nLivin' in the friend zone\nJumpin’ like James in the end zone\nSmoking that end though\nBaby don’t pull down the window\nBut hit it in the back with the tints though\nPull up pull up pull up\n7 cars all week\n“Quiet Storm” like Mobb Deep\nChina silk baby gold sheets?\nThrough the aisles like 4 weeks\nAnd that sand all white\nNo we turn up all night\nAnd the water all blue\nAnd that fish don’t bite\nNa na don’t do it\nBaby na na don’t do it\nNa na don’t do it\nWe gon’ make that money then blow it\nG5 no cameras\nYou know they call me French Montana, tell it
PROUD TO BE ALBANIAN🇽🇰🇦🇱
All albanians like this 🔥❤️🔥comment
I love you Eraa...\n\nupsss sorry no i love yous 😜
Era is back to songs bro
Kylie jenner + rihanna = ERA ISTREFI ❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥💕💕🔥🔥🔥💕💕🔥🔥💕💕💕🔥💕💕🔥💕💕💕💕🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️
Romania 👍👍🔝
SAVAGE GIRL ❤️
Boom
Stop saying Rihanna + Sia! She's made from Suzana + Nezir Istrefi...
Beautiful song
Mini Rihanna ❤
Eraaaaa.Proud to be Albanian😍😍😍
So cool😉
wannabe kylie jenner
Era ♥ Is Back
👍👍👍💖💖💖
Freshh
Rihanna's daughter 😍
Bravo Era !  Nous t'aimons !  Thank you !  Shum bukur !  Ragazzina d'oro !
French look very selak 😣😣
SHIPTTTTART KU JENI BE VLLAZNI #ALBANIANPRIDE
Albanian squad😗👍
💎💙💎💙💎💙💎💙\n👑👸👑👸👑👸👑👸
Great vibes. Thanks
Kan marr hof pas ktij gabelit te marokut si kjo dhe ajo tjetra. Ska sens era. ERA ms i hup vlerta ❤️
bune aq
shko ruj lopt me Noren Strellc oj Era
https://youtu.be/O1yB1y1XUxI
The best
Qaky sen
Vevo has black rihanna\nUltra Music has white rihanna
Rihanna
nora 😂
I love Albania
😈😍
Dexi bi
HE CANNOT RAP/SING
👏🌠🇦🇱🇺🇸
🇦🇱
Perfect jenny
#Albaniaan #talent ❣️❤️❤️❤️ lov eraa 💋💋💋
i love youuuuu ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😍 eraaaa 🇦🇱🇦🇱🇦🇱🇦🇱
nope, try again kylie
rihanna
She is beast😎
Nice song❤albania🔥
👅🇦🇱🇽🇰🔛🔝🎶
loveeee
👄👀🎶🎼🎧 butiful
look a like kylie jenner ft. french montana
is it me or she looks like kylie jenner with rihanna's voice?
She's gonna be like Rita Ora or Dua Lipa.. Go to USA and forget Albania and Balkan and say,, I'm from USA.. Btw she's trying but sorry.. this is not that good like Bon bon.. Keep trying
Cristine, you should do an aquarium nail video and show removing the aquarium nails at the end. Nobody shows that part of their nail process.
Next....\nPut BTS on your nails\n*Insert Lenny Face*
This is the first actual nail art video she's done on a nail art channel in so long XD
Do a fan mail video and I sent you one but I still haven't seen on your channel
uuuugghhh i wish anyone else had won. except those twins. they also suck.
old lady trying to b young
I would skip intros but Christine's videos are pure fucking gold
I have a crazy question. What kind of award category is first person? Like what does that even mean? Someone please answer me, I really don't understand it. (Btw, English is the only language I speak, so I don't think that is the reason I don't get it.  I just simply don't get it.)
Does anyone know what her real job is??
When I saw Shane dawson on her nails I clicked this video asap!
CAN YOU DO THAT BUT WITH LIKE D I C K S \n\n\n\n\n\nim sorry
I've never heard of superwoman smh I wanted Jenna to win so bad :(
Christine, you are so pretty!
Ohhhh yeah all my fav youtuber s well Logan Paul and jake first then the DOLAN TWINS
Where can go to purchase some real holographic nail polishes!
aww I want lily Singh on my nails
Do a holo phone case or holo charger
You should do this\nhttps://youtu.be/S1LsZ8HuOq4
I BROKE MY NAIL CAUSE OF FLIPPING VOLLEYBALL AND IT SATRTED BLEEDING *violently cries in dark corner*😭
You should make a H💿L💿 phone Case
Do a collaboration with superwoman
I keep on thinking she says, glossy taco and not glossy top coat HAVHSBDBD LMFAO
She uploaded this three days ago! School is sooooo long and makes three days feel like a year!(btw I watched this like right when u uploaded this)lol
if i had long enough nails I'd put cristine on every single one of them and top it with a holo taco
patrick is a good dragggg!
Holo suitcase check out cleaning up my room by graveyardgirl
You should put Ben on ur nails
please tell me the diff between a metal file and a glass file!!! I need to know (please!)
i clicked bc i saw the twins
Shout out from Freddy, New Brunswick! Just giv'er fam
Why is there no simplybenlogical on the nails?
In a supple of weeks I am getting a cat just like menchy
Do a what's in my peely bag
If I see the Dolan Twins, I click 😂
who the hell are the dolan twins
Ok rant time. So ther was a girl that I know and she was all boo hoo and sad about her FAKE ACRYLIC NAIL breaking... why. I can’t be the ONLY ONE WHO IS INFURIATED by this. It’s fake honey. You literally replaced it the next day... yeah I watch your story. If your ACTUAL NAIL broke that would be a thing but fake... NO HONEY! Fake just fake. Not getting any sympathy from me! 🤦‍♀️🙄
I have a collection of very dank and derpy pictures of my dogs.\n\n\n\nThat's what I would do if I did this.
6:10 i'm pretty sure you're talking about lizza koshy there
A WILD ZYLER APPEARED FOR A SECOND
lmao i want to put bts pics on my nails now
What the hell is a dolan twin? I legitimately thought it was a combo name for Dylan and cole Sprouse. God I'm officially old
PLEASE DO A COLLAB WITH LILLY SINGH (Superwoman) !!!!!!!!!!!!😁👏
Hey everyone! I hate to do this but it would mean the world to me if u were to check out my first nail video!😜💖
Zi just saw her other channel simply not logical, im leaving
I saw the Dolan Twins and immediately clicked 😂😂
Dolan twins fam where y’all at ?
you should do breast cancer awareness month nails
I have the same jacket as you.
I'm wearing a brown shear base with holo glitter in it for fall
You and Shane should collaborate
do halloween nails or pictures of your cat
CHRISTINE PUT BTS ON YOUR NAILS PLEASE 😢😂🙏
Oh yes I have the new galaxy Samsung 😊
You could generally play Christine from phantom of the opera
she protec, she attac, after watching this I want to move to shrek's shack. JK I LOVE CRISTINE
how about printing out nail art then putting it on your nails so people will think that you can actually do nail art
For Halloween or holoween you should be the holo tin man
When you don’t have friends so you just paint random people on your nails and say you have friends but in reality you’re just sitting in a corner crying and eating chocolate xD
I Got on A IDEA GET A PHONE AND PAINTiNG IT WITH HOLO
Hi Cristine... I fractured and sprained my ankle so I had to get this really ugly boot. The first thing I did was run to the nearest craft store and i got holo glitter duct tape both normal and purple. I also got tape with cats wearing bowties on it. Completely inspired by you. Now I look beautiful
THE DOLAN TWINS LMAO
This thumbnail was pretty cool\n\nHahahahahahahahahahaha
LOL! *Nailed it* ;)
I need HOLOWEEN NAILS! 👍
Shes the joji of nail gurus
Put pen on your nails
DO CAVIAR NAILS
hey whers the holo?
DO AQUARIUM NAILSSSSS
_Cristine are you _*_ok?_*
DO AN AQUARIUM NAIL‼️🐠🌊
SIMPLYCATLOGICAL
Should been you
THE TWINS
ZYLER!!2:00
OML THE DOLAN TWINSSS
I'm canadian
My nail broke \nR.I.P. my nail \nBTW my funeral is tomorrow
They if creepy af
Casey looks like Brendon urie but u know less forehead
*cough cough bts if any other fans realized;)
https://www.instagram.com/p/BZtxidWFUoc/ Holo<3
- Why is no one talking about Menchie? 😍
Dont be stealing the twins from me!
Could you PLEASE make a loose holo glitter porn?
i wish menchie had his own channel
Simply nailogical you should paint your desk with your favourite holo nail polish it would look super cool and when you paint your nails the same color you will blend right in
I’ve done this before with One Direction, Lo lol llol
Anyone's face? *EVEN WHY DON'T WE!?!?* **Puts Zach on every nails**
Starbucks always is getting free promotions by Christine 😂 Starbucks should be very grateful 😂😂
This YouTube channel is like a porn hub for nail bottels
My boyfriend just cut me...and now I see Cristine's videos everywhere and it breaks my heart a lot...we used to watch her together, I'm so broken 💔
was this an ad for samsung lol
This is too BOOTIFUL  c;
I hate u lmao
DOLAN TWINS \n\n\n\n\nCLUB GOING UP
Holo polish mountain
Menchie is HIIIIIIGH AF!  xD
Do aquarium nails christine !
Who else watch the cat instead of her
We need more Ari
Super awesome...\nI have an old Acer Aspire ES-1431 laptop year 2011 and it still works. But sadly, I don't have money to upgrade the super awesome Acer Predator gaming laptop, sir.
bad scooter design and it's unsafe
Love your video
IPHONE 8 PLUS
Nina
Been searching everywhere but I gotta know, what are those light up speakers by the TV? I've bee trying to find something like that for a while now. \nAnyone know?
Pick me for iPhone 8 pluz
nice tips. (Y)
Well done on making 42 on trending UAC
Your vids are awesome @UrAvgConsumer
我的天
#38 ON TRENDING
😢
Only gtx 1060? Wow
More like #UrRichAssConsumer
Rockin that shmedium!
giveaway 😊😊😊😊
You should've tried 21X
Yooo this is trending
it's 1300 dollars :(
Apple is scam.
weeby.
That charger is siiiiiiiick!!!!!!
Black nerds are weird
Your gundams are so cool!!
$250 for portable charger damn!!
Dude your room is so liiit
Erelan sana Dayoooo Kralsan
23 trending
Slick. Like your style . Subbed 👍🏻
😘👍
Вилсакома посмотри
Paid promotion.
Nice, Trending!!
That laptop is so shit it doesn't even have a vga port and a microphone port lol.
Trending Ayyyyy
Showcase some never before seen tech, enough with the usb hubs and computer mice already
lower your flag at home for the shooting
What happened to your baby?
Room looks sooo cluttered...but fo real.  How was the scooter tech?
Can I win the iPhone 8 Plus Space Gray? Twitter: not_sujesh
“Full HD 1080”\n\nYou know what I’m thinking ;)
Great video. That portable charger is INSANE. That price tag tho 😯
Review the new wireless Shure in ears
What happened to the flood?
man u can use the portable charger in the gas station for people
HDMI, 4K at 30Hz, don't forget that part.\n\nBtw, slowpoke bit? :p That Hyperdrive has been out for ages :D Satechi now has a similar one btw. The Pro.
Can u make a Ultimate Gaming Paradise 2.0
Who else have a choice that keeps on changing after every month.i mean like seriously every month how much would he spend.
Your room is amazing
how about video of your current gundam collection? :D
my only complaint about the Macbook hub is that it wont fit/work if you have a case on it ... you have to remove the case to put the hub on
That scooter looks ugly as hell
Yay another video of things I will never be able to afford
We humans are nothing but material. There is nothing more to life but material products. We work for them until we die. Rinse and repeat
Everytime he says actually, take a drink and see if you can ACTUALLY make it to the end of this video?
Thank You Love for my Jesus Kiss.\n\nhttp://musicpage.com/godchild01\n\nStay handsome & Thank You for being for The Kingdom of God.\n\nLove you always your love Godchild.\n\n#1.
Who the fuck is holding the camera
That v30 be looking fresh
Man, that was a lot of time on that laptop😒
where does this guy gets the money for all this?
This guy has 1.4m subs. Has a paradise in name of house and buys literally everything tech related. Are you seriously saving some money? :P
Could you review them new Sony xb 30 and 40 speakers. You the only one i know who will do it right.
I'm always up to date on your vids man good job. I like that laptop
Ur fav tech this month has less than usual tech
Is the wireless charging fast wireless charging?
can someone tell me the name of the charging cable that charges the iphone at 9:03 ? the glowing cable ^^
If uravrgconsumer likes this comment imma eat a giant bowl of spicy ramen in one sitting
uravgconsumer videos are the best!
Ok he has a great youtube channel but his name... Uravarageconsumer .... Let that sink in avarage people don't get sponsors from big companies or have an expensive house full of high end tech.... Things aren't adding up here...
6:15 what this text edit is called?? Can anyone help me in that???
Why wouldn't you just skate a regular skateboard? 🤔
God I wish I had a room like that. That would be a dream come true.
I remember searching for an unboxing of beat headphones and I stumbled upon your videos. I’m glad to see you hit a million subscribers.
Grandia 2!! Hope they bring the first to steam too!
Hey guys it's your 'average' consumer... 🙄😒
You can just plug all the hubs into the other hubs.
When you're only 14 so you can't buy anything but you can still dream
Lol, I only subbed because I saw the gundams in the background
Mind Bottling* ya know..like when your thoughts get trapped...in a bottle
Nice review superb I Am your big fan
That scooter board is lit... i would have to go realllllllyyyyy slow to start, like Arie did lol....🔥🔥🔥🔥🤣🤣🤣👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽☺️☺️☺️
Can you show us how you hide all your cables from your main LCD TV on the wall , down the Sound bar and all your cabinets
UravgConsumer, I'm glad you keep it so real. Love your top tech videos!
That laptop is gonna die in 15 minutes without power
Aw Wow Thanks Be Very Well
The predator is a beast
nice video with great info
That power charger is sweet!! but a bit greedy on my wallet. Still might have to get one though.
Gaming on a laptop is a pain in the ass. PLEASE, dont waste your money on these things.
uravgconsumer with not your average reviews
I've wanted that laptop for so long
250 for the power bank foh
Why does he have two marijuana Buds on the desk in the thumbnail pic?
You and Dave2d are my favorite tech channels by far. Keep up the great content! 😗😀
That controller is sexy
give this comment a like if you're in love with his channel <3
Did he break into someone's house 😎
*DEAR GOD PLEASE TAKE THOSE STICKER OFF THE LAPTOP IT HURTS MY EYES*
You're a cat Harry. And you are very hairy
wait................what
Jeshua?
Did jub jub ever get his rub rub?!??
JubJub want Rub Rub
jub jub wanna rub rub
wth was this
Cedric the Wizardtainer. Lmao.
me me big boy
Nyeh heh heh!
Lol this shit was funny af
He did lol
t-shirt for Jub Jub RIP buddy\n\nhttps://teespring.com/jub-jub-want-rub-rub
Jub Jub want rub rub
Jubbbbb jubbbb whant rubbbb rubbb
the sad thing is i never read harry potter so i believed him even when he said that ron dies
I disagree jub jub is ahead of everybody
Bursted from You're a wizard, Harry\nIt was a very good one))
Dumbledore was arguably one of the characters of the books
I always thought it was weird how they brought Jub Jub back to life.
pausing on the fake excerpts was the best decision i've made all day
dont fuckin play me like this jack
This went on my favorites list so fast.
I'm finna kill an infant. -Voldemort
What does this even mean
This video is so sad. I’m holding back tears
Don't remind me of Jub Jub, I cried too much at that
The sarcasm; beautifully palpable. \nThere was so much salt in those words my blood pressure legit doubled.\n10/10 IGN
Also, where can I find the writing?
wow i can't believe jack is the real writer of my immortal
Volmorts death really got me
Which fanfic is this?
Zoinks!!
You're a hizard, Wary
Are these quotes for real
How can we not laugh when you have that shirt
Genuinely laughed 4 times. Well done
J.K. SIMMONS
1:02 blimey said ron eating
RIP Jub-Jub
JUB JUB👏👏👏 WANT👉 RUB RUB👏👏👏💯👌🙏
Boy mvfacto jrrkiriddiriri
umm thx for spoilers???
where was han solo????????
Can you react to theodd1sout
Harry Potter fucking sucks
#Thesheepcult
I fapped
His shirts like meme big boy
....what?
RIP Jub Jub 😭
me me big boy mcfacto
dobby  should have been dabby
You're making everyone cry Jack. How could you? \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
I want this version of the books, they didn't have most of those scenes in the versions released in my country.
how on earth did jack keep a straight face throughout this
Jub jub want rub rub
39 ON TRENDING! :D
why the fuck- the- what the actual fuck, jack? What have I watched?
Jub Jub's death better be in this list. That shit made me cry.
The sarcasm, the dabs, everything was perfect! This video had  dying😂😂😂 do a part 2!!!
Where did you find these? You have to tell me, I need to see.
Why isn't big mommy saliva in this video, is top ten boys RIP?
Hermione didn't do a damn thing, the bitch.
Why are you like this?
The Snake dun got 'im good.
That's a spicy meat-a-ballllllll
“Voldemort approached the crib, stepping over the bodies of harry’s parents. He raised his wand at the boy ‘wow im really evil.’ Thought Voldemort, evilly, ‘like really, really evil. Im finna kill an infant. Thats messed up. Dang. I should take a good, long look in the mirror. Nah i’ma kill this kid.’ He did lol.”- my new citation of the amazing book on a report
Wow im really evil, thought Voldemort, evilly. like, really really evil. Im finna kill an infant . Thats messed up. Dang. I should take a good long look in the mirror. Nah I'ma just gonna kill thid kid\nHe did lol
Wow John F Kennedy was really bold in that take a knee prediction oh wow
It took me a upsettingly long time to realise this was a joke
Dumbledore was arguably one of the characters of the books\nYou genius.
I always forget about Dobby's death. My list is the same except I have young Hermeione on my list, but she is replaced with older Hermeione
I'M SO MAD ABOUT THESE SPOILERS HOW DARE YOU!!
Jub Jub has always been my favorite character
Jub Jub was the best character, I'm so glad he miraculously survived his own death
2:10 Jub Jub is supposed to be dead when this happened!
Wait… Harry Potter is a book?
Wow I'm really evil, thought Voldemort, evilly. Like, really evil. I'm finna kill an infant. That's messed up. Dang I should take a good, long look in the mirror. Nah I'ma kill this kid. \nHe did lol
This is so dumb lol.
“Wow I’m really evil” “I’m finna kill an infant” JACK OH MY GOD
the most tragic death was the death of the franchise when jk rowling decided to canonize jack thorne's poorly written fanfiction.
YOUR A HARRY WIZARD!
Who the duck is jub jub
Is this the fake news upload?  I know nothing about Harry Potter, and I don't get the joke.
So glad Boy McFacto's back to enlighten us with his wacky knowledge.
why did u do dis
At 2:10 You Can See Jub Jub Still Alive And As I Recall Jub Jub Was Dead Far Before The Battle Of Hogwarts
No clothes in Heaven, he whispered. How wonderful.\nThe thought of a Heaven with no clothes delighted Harry. Suddenly he wasn't so sad about Dumbledore fucking dying
2:12 look at the bottom of the screen 😂😂
Hermione didn't do a damn thing. Bitch.
I thought they were very real up to the second one, and then I was like Theres no way he said Thats a spicy meatballlll
J U B J U B W A N T R U B R U B
GUYS watch Tube News 2 https://youtu.be/20LnV0R6vyo at 1:05. Jub Jub is a big channel over a million subs?
Holy shit, you also got the font the books were typeset in (Adobe Garamond) right!
I just came here to congratulate whoever did the thumbnail
Honestly, I haven't read the series or watched the movies, but this could all be true.
Ok, hopefully I'm not the only one who paused the video a billion times just to read the rest of the page.
I love how Jacksfilms throws so much shade at bad content creators.
now ill have to read the books just to find out if these characters are real
he's so skinny now. proud of him, and it looks very good on him. he's handsome now
Too good to listen and feel the inner message it gives. <3
I'm falling in love with this song💓
I just covered this beautiful song. It's my first cover and it would mean a lot if you listen it on my channel and support me. Thank you.
so legend..\nmost singer attract people with MV, digital voice, etc. but Sam Smith always impressed us even only with his pure voice. I want to see him sing with adele.. she is my favorite singer too
Does he work out..?
even i have been watching lot of cover this song. theres no better than this. !! sam always the epic one.
Sam awesome smith! You guys should check out John Saga's version of this!
never going to let you close to me, even when you mean the most to me my whole life
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
woooooooooooooow this is beautiful. he never disappoints
I'd love to see Adele singing this masterpiece, dont get me wrong, Sam is perfection as well. LOVE BOTH
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Grow that beard! It will change the world! 🏳
God gifted you a incredible voice. So dont waste it. Btw, i love this song.😊
THE VOICE IN ORIGINAL AND THIS LIVE SHOW IS SAME  U ARE MOTHERFUCKING LEGENDARY SINGER WHO CAN HAVE A OWN ORIGINALITY SAM SMITH U HAVE THE TROPHIE ! :) <3
I wish to sing this song at church if it was a Gospel song
Sam has a warmth and inviting feeling in his songs. It's very likable.
OMG. I didn't notice this before. Why are the black people on one side and the white people on the other? Segregation in a single music video...disgraceful.
I just stare how he could lost weight and I can say, that I loved him much more when he was fat :D
Can't wait for an album
Lyrics=Cause every time you hurt me,the less that i cry\n\nMe=Cause every time you hurt me,the list that i buy....
some people dislike this????fuck shit!!!! your jealousing...hahaha....watching....here!!!!#PHILLIPHINES! go SAM SMITH!!!!! YOUR MY BIGGEST INPIRATION!!!
I swear Sam Smith doesn't use any auto tune or nothing in the studio version. He has the voice of a mf Angel
His voice is heavenly sent!
Fucking hell his voice is incredible
The voice of an angel omg !!!❤️❤️
This means Sam doesn't use auto tune.....That's MY man.
he's so beautiful
I made a cover of this in SPANGLISH!!! Feel free to check. =)
Sounds exactly as the original this is why i love him
sounds sorta similar to wrecking ball in the beginning
Love it..  Such an amazing voice
love this song,Its my favorite song ,I love your voice !!!!
idc if you're gay but I'm in love with you 😍😂.
So perfect!!! I'm in love with this song.. You never desapoint me!!!
*This song was absolutely amazing - I just made a cover of it on my channel, I'd appreciate anyone's feedback on it :) thanks :)*
I legit have a alarm of him singing this song
New Sam looking like Mac miller
I’ve never been so in love 😢😍
Wow! Flawless perfermance! I just had to do a cover of this song! Check it out on my channel :)
You look different but all your songs are amazinggggg
i Love You sam \nim inlove with your voice and soul... you look so handsome :)
Leave everything and take advantage of this opportunity It is a chance for a week before you and the end of the offer Quickly register and get the currency of WCEX free one week and put the currency that will compete in the form of currency German has a great future Use the opportunity and register and do not forget to activate the subscription from your email and all collected from this currency WEXEX The shares will be charged monthly profits. Register and publish your referral link for each assignment you get on 50 WCEX                        \n and this is the site \n  https://wcex.co/?ref=HQSvIUd
I love this song so much...I love Sam Smiths voice
the best song ever recorded❤️😍
I love what he's wearing!😍😍😍
🌹 I love you my angel. 🌹
His voice is so beautiful omg he's such a good singer
his voice is so incredible.
When does his album come out???
this man is incredible
You are a real artist and do you know why? when you sing you make to vibrate soul and heart  ... greetings from Italy..Ele
Im love it  music
Love your voice so much, keep doing what you're doing because is everything so fucking lit 🖤
I love you, your voice, your persona is just amazing.  Every time I listen to your songs tears run down my cheeks.Wow .💋❤💪
i love your sing,i love your way,i love you Sam
His voice makes me question my sexuality 😂😂😂
I'm way to good at getting rejected by girls.
I love this song is marevolous
Simply superb singing.
Really very nice.
817 dislikes? whats wrong?
https://youtu.be/D8j6KonF4N0
Amazing :)
Damn
PERFECT ❤️❤️
I’m way to good at school
BAKURUS KAWAN
Wtf would not be able to tell the difference between this and the studio version
I'm happy I can listen to this.
What a hot guy with incredible voice
love it great place for this sumptuous song.
Shivers every time i listen to this!
you're really amazing. your voice is the best 😍😍😍😍
i love you sam smith^^
long time see you again Sam
👍
Damn dude looks different
❤
ЛОВЕ
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Wow! Perfect :))
That was fucking crazy💥💥💥💥
❤❤💔😔😔
😍😍😍😥😥😥😥💪
too good.
I love you! 💓
😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️blows my mind
Best of the best 👍👍👍
Amazing 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
♥️ When Angels sing
Waaaaaah 😍😍😍
Ed never fail
I love yoouuu sam smithhhhh
❤💖❤👌
Great song 💖
TOO GOOD ~
Tf he sounds perfecttt
His voice ! 😍
Your 12?
Bria Myles is SOOO BUFF
Left the hood behindd
Fucking LIT✨✨✨
Nice 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Clean
👍
Love it
Jheeeeez
no.
Drake ft Movado- For Me
auto tune 10/10
Konan made this a banger
Tune for autumn 2017!! Warm nights spliff munch ❤😂
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Tune for the gyal dem 💣💣💣💣💣
Depressing
Vybz kreptel 😂
1000 th comment
fucking hell, krept looking like Whoopi Goldberg
Man like Vybz Kreptel
Dead
Nice 🔥
Krept turn dancehall artist now??
Wavey
Don't you mean. \n\nKonan Ft Vybz Kartel lol.... \n\nWaves 🌊 anyway! \nBanger.
GOT THIS ON REPEATTTT ITSS SOOO LITTT 🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾
Marry me
Bringing the vibes
Better than wo wo wo
Pile of shit
1000th comment.
Versatile.
Tune This
This tunes too wavy
Bria Miles making moves
This is frosty ❄❄🌊🌊🔥
Bria Myles!!!!!!!!!!!
Krept Kartel
yes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDz7VlyEJT0
niggers\n\nnext!
Sounds like controlla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtVsJxphAWA
I LOVE IT!
fuck is this
Nice song
Love!
Drake wannabe
Another good song
BAD EDIT
da chick fiiiiiiiire tho...
🔥🔥🔥🔥
BANNGGAAAA
Krept spun this
Bria myles😮
No point calling them  sell outs  Music has been heading towards this sound for years especially for these type of artists it's development and it won't ever stop you gotta roll with what's hot, everyone fucks with this sound now, big up good tune 👌
Bring back the old krept and konan wtf is this 😂😂😂
The wave is real 🌊
This song is so shit, he just slurs horrible artist.
This and wo wo wo are just Wank, thought your ment to be helping set the grime scene alight not this shit with your cuntish accent bollocks
the fuck happened to you two... fuck me RIP the good kept and Konan, you two just sound like everyone else now. shits dead
Have a listen to the recent song on my channel, any support means loads.\n\nAlso big up Krept&Konan
Krept's verse is immaculate! I couldn't compose myself in my reaction 😅😅
I like this Krept and Konan more than the old, this is what we call versatile
AYEE KREPT IS THAT HOW YOU MAN ARE GOING ON NOW YH ?!!!! 😳🔌🎤🌊🌊🌊
Konan can actually do better on his ones with this type of music
got your girlfriend going down in the hilton.....now she got a mouthful o children  09 kones. \n\nwhat a difference, this is real him
Solid. But that melodic Popcaan ting he did on Come Closer remix. Triggered me!
why am i so late on this jam, love it and the video !
20 year old Rapper/Singer from Preston, UK\n\nhttps://youtu.be/L-gnFoUjAnc\n\nHere is my new music video, leave me a comment and like the video if your feeling it!\n\nAll your time and support would be appreciated👍🏼
Is it me or do they sound off beat?🤔
Krept should've sat this one out
I'm here for Sophia Ray thats it.
This has Drake written all over it.
Not feeling this one
Song is wavey... But the guitar sound is so wack
The only reason I sat through this was the women tbh
I pressed the like button on the very first second I hear the first verse lol 👏👏🙌
Banger but they literally stole the drums and vibe from Drake - Controlla
This is the same guy who did Last night in LA 😂😂😂🤔
Did Krept and Konan make a deal with the mermaids?
Fav song of the year 🙌🏾 love krept sounding like kartel ❤️
My new single Two Sides To You is now available on Spotify, iTunes, Amazon, GooglePlay and more! \nHead over to my Facebook page to get the links! Facebook.com/SayshaWilliamsMusic. Xo
Banger  the definition of versatile. And they from the skreets!!!!!  🐐's in 7
I hope 7 Nights has this vibe all the way through. Not feeling Wo Wo Wo atm. I think 7 Days gonna flop
These are one of the best Beach I've ever heard
I met krept he was sitting on my god fathers bed now when I go there I sit on the same spot
to everyone hating dis is #16 on trending. had to edit it coz it just moved up one
Hey guys check out this https://youtu.be/C2V9jIUobiY as i know you will love it  like i did
whos the model in this?
They need to stick to the grime hate all this commercial shit🙄👎🏼
Bruh what happened to red rum and shit lol...but I get it u gotta get the bag...
Trying to b drake ,pleeeeease stop it
Don’t make me barl!!! Mi love it yesss
Please check out my music video on my ex bestfriend
These dons have fell off what’s this nonsense
Nice song but not for me
Krept and konan livin life out of the hood respect for that but they're music has just been weak tbh
Rah these man need to allow the dead singing they sound like a b tec kc n jojo smh 🤦🏽‍♂️
this is the actual hardest game of all time and if any of you say otherwise, you are lying.\n\nsee ya later bye guys press a like
Never thought that I'd say this but it really is a good thing you left smosh
Promise me you’ll do food battle 2017 2018 and 2019
He is turning into Dan
How can i get a copy
That hug part was so awkward.. O was having anxiety
This is so creative!!
I really wanted to see how the level 39 is 7w7
The graphics on this game are amazing
Anthony pls go to Smosh again Shane really miss you
This brings me back to smosh🤧
I'm still sad he left smosh
The click A to hug got me deaddddddd
Good to see original good content . Really happy to see how this channel is progressing
y u no do dis wit MEAL
i love how creative this is. I wish more youtubers could be like you and Lilly
If this was a Smosh video
This is soo.. good
Drop a like if u think Anthony should do another game song parody
This video's deads are too much exaggerated
You is a winner xD
Who else is tapping something like u are controlling the button
Ur literally doing the same thing u were doing on Smosh
Please make more videos like this it was great
Yo my name is Leah
3:11\nLegit me in a conversation.\nI tell my friends about things like that and they just give me a wtf look
This is super creative!!!!
Lol story of my life but anyone recognize the tune from Simon and Martina's channel
YOU SPELLED LILY WITH TWO L's!!!
I really really like this video! And the ending with Lilly playing was funny too. I'd like this video 100x if I could, but please accept my measly single like ^_^
make another one with a rumble pack
You is a winner 😂
The story of my life
Anthony this was so creative and  honestly you deserve a lot more subscribers. this is quality content.
Make this a series
That tap A part 🤣🤣🤣
Where do I download that game?
Actually make this a game.
When the next episode??\nI need the guide for the next level !!
I don't get it Anthony said he left smosh because he wanted to have ideas that he could use for himself he said he felt stuck hes done the same shit he's done on smosh since he went solo
Lilly's like \n*How often this bitch gonna die?*
You choked to death on Lilly's hair. 😂
The stuff he said bout capitalism I preach all the time.Its also the ideology behind the movie fightclub check it out aiiiit.
I wanna play this
I like u better when u were in smosh
1:47 - 2:05 OMG I WAS READY TO SMASH MY PHONE
do you mean 'the sims'?
More video like this pleasee
ha my name is leah
FINALLY DAN HOWELL DID A COLLAB WITH LILY!! BUT WHERES PHIL?
Anthony's vids are better than Smosh's these daya
It shows that Anthony had the comedy in smosh.
I loved this video! Just subbed❤️
Why you not in smosh again??  WHYYYYYYYYY
Such a creative video
Wow, that's exactly how I spend my free time 😂😂😂
Wow this game has really good graphics
Was i the only won pretending to push the buttons and play the game?
you is a winner
I love this concept! Is it a series BECAUSE IT NEEDS TO BE
If Anthony was the script writer of smosh before he left then smosh wouldn't be dying
need more of that
This is exactly what it’s like having social anxiety
That hug was hug-larious!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm sorry I'll stop
Do a collab with Dan and Phil 😂
i didn't know i have been playing a video game with my crush all my life lol
where can I download this game? 😂😂
This was a good video!!! *Finally*
When a girl goes in for a hug what do you do?\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGo for a hug dumbass…
lol
This is really, really relatable.
*TAP* A
Hi
lilly always looks stunning <3
this is so clever!! wtf awesome video dude
Love you guys together 💞💞💞💞
I miss Smosh..
Or I'll kms
n64 is good console
Make a diss track
This was great
Hi everyone
Hi
So original!!!
The awkward meter relatability 😂😂
1996 telltale
Anthony>Smosh
Hahahahah! I can't stop laughing! Hahhahaha!
this is genius wth
Sooooo goood
OMG LOVE IT, LMAO
Creative !
AHAHAHHAHAHAH
faek the n64 doesnt hav that kind of grafics, unsubscribe?!?!?!
quality content everyone!!
Every telltale games ever
Illuminati
PART TWOOOOO
This is awesome
Anthony padildo
you can't say Superman is too over powered when people like The Sentry and Galactus exist
Yes just like how your love your Batman is disturbing
NO. HE ISN'T.
Hello everyone, do you have a personal relationship with our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ? The Son of The One and Only Living God. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. - Romans 10:9
You should do a video on  the red x
Martain man Hunter is never shown using his full potential making him seem more realistic unlike super man who never seems to be shown struggling or overwhelmed even though man Hunter has equal strength and even more powers he is rarely shown using the full force or even all of his powers at once unlike super man who is presented as a good like hero
watching the latest VariantComics video, is my happy place.
The gifted episode 1 review please
Agree with every point you mentioned, which is always my response to anyone with a who would win Superman or.... For those reasons you just mentioned, he is a character who can never be compared in that way because he is meant TO never loose.. And for all those Sup haters about being boring, read America Alien.. Bet you will never see the character the same again .
Where did you get that Superman shirt?  I got to get one.
Please do a History of Lucifer episode.
Doesn't matter if he is overpowered, if he was underpowered he would still always survive and win at the end of the story since superhero movies are biased and the good guy always comes out on top in the end. Maybe if superheroes would die in movies he would be considered overpowered since he wouldn't die due to his power but that's not the case so it doesn't matter if he is overpowered however awesome video :)
Why hasnt anyone asked for the History of Arris Quinones yet? :P
Human kind? Superman is far from human
Personally I like my characters more human. Characters like Batman, Spider-man, Flash, or Daredevil is because I enjoy relatable   characters. I can relate to the high school troubles of Peter Parker and understand the Flash's dilemma of not being fast enough. I get what Superman stands for and that's great but it's just not always as interesting. (to me at least)
I dont like how random his powers are.
Thank you for this.
recent overuse of the word super has made the term Superman seem VERY SHIT.
Superman isn't meant to be relatable= Lazy writing
He is supposed to fight dr. manhattan and in his current state he is too under powered
I draw hope and inspiration from Superman :)
U should do a history on super boy prime
for me superman is the poison of justice league, is to overpo....
he is but his arrogant use with that power makes up for it.
No, no he is not.
If the main point of a hero is to encourage hope and optimism,  that hero needs flaws, limits, and obstacles. Heros that represent tenacity, hope, resilience, and perseverance must be more human in quality like Batman, Spider Man,  for example. Superman, for me, doesn't fit this bill. A hero needs to sacrifice something and at this point in comics, superman can give it all and then give it all again (which he has). Can a guy like that really sacrifice anything?
he's not as Overpowered as one punch man XD
THIS IS NOT A VIDEO GAME. There is no overpowered. THIS IS NOT A GAME YOU CAN NERF
Can you be truly overpower if you have a weakness?? He has all these powers but all I have to do is have a piece of Kryptonite in my pocket and I could kick his ass all day!!! IJS lol
I'm just here to read comments 🕵
So you never answered the question....
Really supergirl is stronger the superman
Mon-el is way more overpowered. The treatment for his lead poisoning allows him to have his powers under a red sun, he has all the same abilities as superman, plus he's had a green lantern ring.
well he wouldnt be very super if he wasnt
Which Superman are we talking about here? if you look at all versions of Superman, there are more overpowered versions like Cosmic Armor, Superman One Million, Superboy Prime, Superman Prime, Pre-Crisis Superman, Kal Kent, etc. They de-powered him then sometimes they create another version that is more powerful than the previous one. It's like the  writers can't make up their minds.
Rick from rick and morty can kill him
Would it be possible to make a History of Alex Mercer?
Definetly not, since he can get spanked by allot of people. Heck, Batman with prep can spank him. The same with Luther, plus almost everyone in his rouges gallery is pretty tough.
Lol no, Popeye would beat his ass like a small child
Is the sky blue?
Pffftt, if you guys think regular Superman is overpowered you need to get glasses. Go check out Superman Prime or One Punch Man if you want overpowered.
My man Goku can take him out
So you needed a 5 and a half minute video to explain if the most OP comic book character ever is OP?
Donald Trump is America's President now.  😝
Please do a more in depth teen titans video
The real question is How does Wonder Woman manage to use all that toilet paper in one sitting?
No, but Saitama is.
Bruce Timm reduced his power and still told the best Superman stories ever. It's lazy boring writers that make him OP because they don't want to think and let Superman plow through his problems instead of find real ways to fix them. So yes, he is overpowered, it doesn't take much effort of talent to draw a man lifting a planet.
Is Superman Overpowered? Yes, and No.\nThere are times where he does these amazing feats, but also times where he gets thrashed by seemingly weaker things. Superman unless given some form of power up isn't even the strongest being in DC. Either way I enjoy his comics, and stories as he was my first Super hero. He is what got me into Batman, WonderWoman, and DC entirely. Much like how Tho got me into Marvel.
Um DUH. He can go back in time and live life how he wants, he is omnipotent.
Saitama end of story
“During a time again in the world...”\nWhat time since WWII didn’t those in non-prosperous world need a super hero?
Two word : superman 64 😂... batman and goku all day
Thumbs down for needless Trump comment. Stick to what your channel is about.
Could have been a lot shorter
Seen the title no doubt yes
Is the sky blue, do bears shit in the woods? we have another question to add to the list.
Haha yes but that's why he is the boss!
The flash is more overpowered than him
yeeeeeeeas he is OP AS FUCK. FUCK SUPERMAN. BATMAN AND DOCTOR FATE CANON.
The answer is fuck yes
No, cause his penis  is small.
cant be that OP if he lost to batman whos powerless......js
Yes superman is to over powered.  When nothing can hurt you, it doesn't take courage to fight bad guys.  I have always looked at Superman as a bully.\nIt is more courageous to fight and overcome a problem when you are out matched or the under dog.\n\nThey need to put a cap on his power and make him use them more wisely.\n\nI am dredding to see the threat that will need Superman, Wonder Woman and Auqaman to stop.\n\nAs good as the Wonder Woman movie was, they just made another mistake.  They increased her power limit to that of a major God.  So since she could do something not even Zeus could do (kill the god of war), what chance do any human.  Have against her, now when she fights humans she will be just like Superman a bully that can't be hurt.
If justice League didn't have superman they would still have another op charecter Captain atom or Shazam or Martian Manhunter.
Let's all keep in mind that there really is no Superman.  It's just imaginary.  If you spend a lot of time thinking about this and you are older than 15, you need to refocus.  Work, family, religion, politics these all need your attention brothers.
They dont call him super for nothing faggot
Who carries isn't that point to be overpowered to win people this Days saying everything is to overpowered like that really gets me pissed off
Who else hates when doing somthing about superhero’s but don’t know nothing about the superhero’s then you just want to roast them like when a person watches Wonder Woman the movie then your in the movies then person always like wow I didn’t know that a scream when did this happen  am I only like this is every superhero fan like this also
Oh Yea he's way to overpowered but the solar powered S-Man is not with out his flaws. He can be easily killed 😲 by a green rock, magic, psychic attacks or mine possession or getting really sick by alien gas or poison, being beaten to death by someone just as powerful as him like Doomsday or Darkseid or a 5th Dimensional Being that can do anything, also being under a red sun or taking our sun away then use via Batman weakness, a bullet thru the head! Why hasn't anyone blew his head off yet!? #Batmanshouldbedead!
😂 He just needs a lil liquor-Then he’ll come strollin in to Lois’s apartment drunk and be like, “Lois, girls are gonna have bigger eyes than yours, and, and, they’ll see through lead too.” He crashes and breaks her tv. He’s embarrassed and melts it with his laser eyes. “Oh crap, Lois, what, what happened to your tv? It’s melted?” She turns on her bedroom light, and he flies the eff out and away as fast as he can. 😂
I thought saitama san is overpowered.
Subscribe to my channel at jayanti Demps-Howell and watch my first video
If you're going to name a character super man, he has to be overpowered
That's the point. It's the story of a god trying to live among man. Not a generic anime character trying to fight everyone just for fun. If he was a bad character than he wouldn't have lasted 80 years.
Is batman overrated? \nAns: 10000^e999% True
Great points!!!! #myecomics
#26 on trending.
Just ask Batman.
Agent X?
Superoverpowered!!!
Yes
No
one word saitama
Yes
yes op as fuck
Having super farts is really overpowering :))))
Yes
Short answer: Yes.\nLong answer: YESSSSSSS!
yes
Gold experience requiem *cough*
Yes
thank you!
Nerf Superman!
No, because Batman.
Yes. He is IMBA!
History of Superboy
yes
His a russian collaborator based on Liberals.
Dislike. I don't need to hear your political opinions on a comic book video. Fuck you.
Thanks for upload!
I love the trending page on YouTube, because it ALWAYS has some good, quality, content.                   Seriously tho, why is this trending?
A Sign Language interpreter, how awesome, beautiful, smart & accessible. ty
love the signing guy!!
ow
lol i dont get it..... someone explain....
I honestly wasn't expecting this to be super good, even though I love Dodie's content.\n\nBut man, I got serious goosebumps before the music even started. That movement, man. Wow.\nAnd it carried all the way through, that quality. What a complicated and fantastically controlled feeling you've given me. Wonderful job. Heavy stuff.
Not trying to rain on anyone's parade but I kind of just don't get this video... I found it quite overacted and the exposition of the protagonist was (imo) far too long in comparison to the about 20 seconds of Oh look, every beautiful girl in the world feels super insecure that I guess where the message of the video?
God I love this.  And I feel like everyone out in the world feels this at one point.  Your all beautiful 😘
No, I'm not hurt. You are. Shut up, these aren't tears either.
Dodie is so amazing and talented 💛💛💛💛
Holy wow this is so beautiful
I rate this song a 10/10.
I'm confused but intrigued
I love this song so much but I don't understand what's wrong with their shoulders
No this is too sad
This was so beautiful
I freaking love this song so much!!! When ever there are days when I feel low, I grab a pen and write a small 6/10 on my wrist. That way, I can unconsciously listen to the song in my mind to help me feel a little better. It's what gets me through the day :)
dis ash bootiful video but i didn't get the hand motions\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nsowwy
It's okay. I didn't need my heart anyways
thank you, dodie, for reminding me i'm not alone.
OMG HER VOICE IS SO AMAZING I'M SO FED, I am a bit confused tho, what is she doing with he hands and stuff, it's really cool😂  (edit) oooo wait a sec OMG that make so much sense, it just hit me
I am absolutely in love with this
WHY TF IS THIS SO SADDDD
Hey dodie I love u, but spilling drinks on customers and looking miserable ain't gonna make that dollar
First line of the song, and I was hooked
ya did it again didn't ya
your lyrics are just so beautiful and poetic. blew me away.
dodie where is the rest of the videos? I’m waiting
I give it a 6/10
Today I auditioned for my school musical, Mary Poppins. It was originally going to be something else but 2 weeks ago it was changed. I've always wanted to be in a school play, but I'd been too nervous to try out. This year I'd gotten it in my head that I was going to be in the school musical, it was my dream and I wasn't going to let my insecurities put it off any longer. So about a month ago I went up to my school's drama teacher and told her that while I can't really sing, I'd really like to get a minor role with minimal singing and she seemed happy to accommodate me. \n\nBut then the musical was switched to Mary Poppins, a movie I'd watched many many times as a child. Now I still thought I couldn't sing, but I really wanted to try so for two weeks I practiced Chim chim Cher-ee I didn't actually think I could land such a huge role as Bert, more realistically I wanted one of the chimney sweeps for Step in Time but I thought why not, I'll practice both and just choose one on the day of the audition. \n\nSo today was the day and I got it in my head that I would sing Chim chim Cher-ee. They called my name and I went into the classroom, away from the buzzing noise of my far more talented classmates. The drama teacher said she knew I didn't want to sing and to just read these lines as best I could. I wanted to say that I'd been practicing a song and I wanted to sing but with 3 teachers glaring at me I was too nervous so I just butchered the lines and left as fast as possible. The second I left, I regretted it. I wanted to sing, I wanted it so much so I decided I would just wait until everyone else had auditioned (so that I didn't interrupt) and go back in to ask if I could sing. And so I waited for about an hour, and at some point my mom had texted me asking how much longer would I be, but I didn't answer because I was worried she would think I was dumb for waiting around. Then my mom walks up to me in the hallway and start asking me why I didn't answer her text and how much longer would it be. I took her off to the side and explained what happened, but it took so long to explain by the time I was done auditions were over. So my mom goes straight into the room where they held auditions and tells the drama teacher but I really wanted to sing embarrassing the crap out of me. The teacher was so sweet about the misunderstanding and gave me a chance, but by this point I was so embarrassed and nervous that I was crying. I try to pull myself together as quickly as possible because I really wanted this. I started singing but because I just been crying I got choked up after the chorus and couldn't (I was really disappointed in myself because my favorite part of that song is the ending). The teachers were really supportive of me singing and had already cast me as a couple minor roles. \n\nI just feel so worthless and dumb because I couldn't to get the part of that song that I thought I was actually kind of good at. As soon as I got home I saw this video had been released, and I have never seen or heard a piece of art that so perfectly reflected how I was currently feeling. Even if the teachers weren't the ones to make me feel like I wasn't good enough, I I feel so dumb that I screwed up not once but twice and I just wish that someone could hear me sing for real.
The allusions to La La Land. AAAAAH.
dodie may feel a 6/10 but i feel a -6/10
This is the best birthday present ever at the end I was so sad I want to hug dodie and tell her it's okay and that she is loved and apreciated
Ok this is gorgeous and all, but on the days when i feel like a 6/10 it,s a high for me ,I get thrilled that i feel I'm over the half mark and higher than mediocre...
Omg. My favorite one by her.. somehow it just got even more beautiful
This song is so relatable, I love it so much. Amazing job and beautiful song 💕
S H O O K\nyou're so pretty dodie<33
U are so pretty!!!!!! Just saying
Im not gay but, you cant not be gay for Dodie
Wow I'm in tears just. I'm speachless that was incredibly heart touching. incredible
I feel like a six out of ten\nI gotta get up early tomorrow again\n\nWhat goes on behind the words?\nIs there pity for the plain girl?\n\nCan you see the panic inside?\nI'm making you uneasy, aren't I?\n\nWhat goes on behind the words?\nIs there pity for the plain girl?\nI'll close my mouth, I won't say a word\nA nod of pity for the plain girl.\n\nI know that you don't want me here [4x]\nI know that you\n\nOh, I'll just call a taxi,\nI gotta get up early tomorrow again.\n\n(Oh, I'll just call a taxi,)\n(I gotta get up early tomorrow again.)\n\nWhat goes on behind the words?\nIs there pity for the plain girl?\nI'll close my mouth, I won't say a word\nA nod of pity for the plain girl
this is the most beautiful thing i've ever seen.
that was so beautiful i cried <3
this blows me away every time I see it
I love it! It is so authentically shown and made! Beautiful!!
im sorry if i sound stupid, but i don’t understand this video? i love dodie a lot and i feel there was a really deep meaning in this that i just cannot find, can someone please explain? i love the vid tho!!
i was watching this with the minecraft music in the background and it fit so well it took me a minute to notice
Could someone explain the shoulder grabbing part? I feel dumb for not getting it
it literally broke my heart seeing her crying at the end owie
For anyone reading this who feels like a 6/10, I have something to tell you. I am not going to say all that bullshit about how you are worth it and deserving and beautiful and you should not feel like a 6/10 because me saying that won't do anything. There are plenty of other comments in the comments section to tell you that. What I am going to say is that it is okay. It is okay to feel like a 6/10 on certain days as long as you don't make it an everyday thing and make your mind completely believe that you are and will always be a 6/10 because you won't.  It is okay to feel like a 6/10 on some days but you also have to make sure that your mind knows that the real you is a 10/10 and the feeling of feeling 6/10 is just temporary. So don't try to suppress it but also don't let it overpower the real amazing 10/10 you.
I love this video but I don’t get What is wrong with their shoulders and neck the whole time?! Can someone explain?
why was she fideling  with her shoulders tho? I didn't get the refrence. Can someone explain it to me?
Beautiful. We all strive and struggle, love it!
I just wanted the others to go after her. You are not alone. We all feel like that and no one deserves to be made to feel like that. We all feel like that at some point, we all want someone to recognise how we feel and help us; so why don't we? \nVery powerful video
that shot of dodie coming down the stairs at the end is so goddamn beautiful and moving holy shit
I made a cover of this song...can u please tell me how it is?🔥🙏🏻
Sent by Fiona 💜
luv it!
THAT WAS INCREDIBLE!
Y O DODIES UR GOING PLACES WAAAAH
wow
oooooo
<3
Really been feeling this lately.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This gave me goosebumps ✨
thank you dodie <3
DODIE WE LOVE YOU!!! MAKE MAWR MOOSIC!!!
This is beautiful 😊💛
OMG DODIEEEEEEEEE KASJOABDOQHDOABSOS IM CRYING
Absolutely beautiful
I got goosebumps.
This  was beautiful <3
Trending yahhh😇😇😇💙
11/10.
A TRUE QUEEN ❤❤
1:32 the impossible shot, Sammy?
Wowww beautiful
Goosebumps. <3 Love love love
favorite
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU SOOO SOOOO MUCH DODIE
https://youtu.be/_jFdUVi3C7U
MY FRIGGIN HEART OH MAN ASDFGHJKL
YESSSS <3 BRAVO Sammy and Dodie!!!
this is heartbreakingly beautiful
Fuck you bitch nigga
My heart broke a little when I saw her crying
Very beautiful. Thank you.
A masterpiece <3, I wish I could've met you when you were in Toronto :'(
very not lala land
Beautiful
here come the waterworks
I cried so hard tbh
Fuck. \nThis went straight to my heart 😫😫😫😫
My goodness...
if dodie's a 6 then what am i
I'm actually crying dodie you're an absolute 11/10 just saying you deserve the best- always
can someone explain the meaning of the video? The message? would be dear
I had know idea why everyone was stretching weirdly but know that I'm stress  out of my mind, i understand i started doing this like i will grab my neck or rub my face. so this is so real
):
Pretty sure I'm a 5/10
It’s 3am \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMy sleeping schedule is a 6/10
Holy fuck I’m in tears, first song I heard of hers and let’s just say should have the award for best first impressions
this video was so calming to watch
This is so cosy omg😍😍
This makes me feel so autumnal and cosy✨🍂
Really enjoyed this x
I love a good evening routine but I thought this was a bit short.  Love you and your videos though but I'd prefer a loner night routine next time ❤
You look absolutely SNUG in this video Tan :) I feel relaxed just watching! Big hugs xx
SO MUCH COSINESS! X
I know this will get lost in the comments but I hope anyone who reads this has a great day! xx
Please please please could you do a book video, a lot of the books i have read have come from watching your videos and seeing what you post on instagram and i would love to see your recent reads/current favourites x
This makes me so excited for winter nights in!! 🙌😍
This was very relaxing to watch 🌹
Your kitchen tap is so cool ❤️
you have a hot tap that you can just run straight into tea?! INCREDIBLE
A special setting on the tap to make tea water is such a british thing to have lol 😂Great as always Tan xx
That blouse! <3
Beaut 💗
Hey I’m a new vlogger if anyone would like to check it out i would appreciate it 😊
Where is your dress from at the start?? I adore it!! 💕 xx
This is nice,but too much work,especially when I am tired and just want to eat and sleep!😃😴
ohhh how i love your videos x
One British youtuber to the next, Alfie to Tanya. *****2:30** am in Australia***
Tan I LOVED The Goldfinch. Stick it out till the end. Happy sweater weather xx
For someone with anxiety, sleeping is one of the worst parts of my day as I have the worst sleeps. So a relaxing routine is the best thing I can do. Taking a few notes from you! 😊💕💕
Tanya can we have a perfume collection please? Xoxoxo
I generally come in and just fall on the bed until morning.
This video was so cuzy, i liked it. But it was a little bit short. :)
such a relaxing video 😊😀
YES TANYA IS READING THE GOLDFINCH!!!! LOVE HER
I love candles this time of year 😍🍂
This video is so calming :)
Ahh the Goldfinch! Unlike most, I hated reading it! Found it to be very morbid 🤤
G
What did you spray on your bed? 😊x
I love your videos Tanya, they are so calming
First?? Wow Tanya u are so inspiring, I ❤ u keep doing what u do and anyone reading this I hope you have a wonderful day no matter who u are, where ur from and what u look like u are special and are loved by us on here ❤❤
Was watching baby videos with my familie and saw tanya and Tasha holding me at my christening, I knew we used to be family friends but didn't expect it!! Made my day thanks tanya x my name is Ellena Russell btw and I'm one of the twins!
I've read goldfinch by Donna tart and it's amazing!
cuddling with doggie was the best part for me!!
What book are you currently reading ??
Where are the jim jams from though?
OK BUT I LOST MY MIND AT THE TAP
That hydrogena water gel is sooo good
I love watching your routines please do more of theseee!!💕💕
Such a cosy, autumnal short video definitely my fav types to watch 😍🍂☕️
Gorgeous make up... You always look amazing xxx Great video x
Was watching your older get ready with me videos, was wishing you upload one soon.....and it was sooooo amazing to see one today
Needed this!! It's been such a drizzly day - this has just made me feel so cosy!
I love these kind of videos! It  must feel so cosy. I wish i had a routine like that. Love you Tanya
your videos are always so relaxing to watch
First of all like, then watch 😍😘
This was such s relaxing video
perfect video to watch on a cold autumnal night!🍂✨
I saw the book lolita, its soo good depsite the erm yeah
been waiting so long for this 💍
I love your morning and night videos. Xx
Tanya! Where have you been!
I love your videos so much .. They always make me smile and are a joy to watch xxx
lots of love from Croatia, Tan! xx
are you vlogging your book tour?? I got tickets for Norwich signing see you soon !! xx
Omg I have the same tooth brush as Tanya 😀😀😀😀
Loved this video your voice made me feel so relaxed <3 Kisses from Greece <3
Lovely video! Where are your PJs from?
Hi Tanya, love your videos would love love love to see a fragrance video. What ones are your favourite and do you wear them at certain times through out the year? Im dying to try diptyque eau duelle this winter. Noticed the different perfume bottles in the bathroom from a previous video you did recently. Thanks from Ireland :)
Been loving your videos lately 💕💕
Your voice is so calming omg
i love evening routine vids aghh
❤️❤️❤️
I am relaxed just watching.
Omg everyone needs that tap 😂❤️😉
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ahh my favourite type of vid❤️❤️
you look so beautiful !
Love you too
Love youu! <3
LOVE YOU!
Your routine videos are my ABSOLUTE favs 😍😘 ly
So inspiring  Tan!!! Love you so much.
love this tan
Love you Tan♡
Best video ever lysmxxx
Where r the pjs from ? ❤️
Sooo early!!! Ahhh
So cozy and relaxed, thanks Teebs💞💤💞💤
Hi from russia)))
What pajamas are those? They seem PERFECT for Fall!
I use the water-gel, it's brilliant stuff whether you've got oily or dry skin!
Give it a like if you love Tanya!!xxx
Aww I love this video! Keen for a bath now. Also I just loooooooove Tanya's style !
Love your videos, they always make my day!! You're my fav!
I've been using the neutregena hydra boost moisturizer for the last year and I'm hooked. Almost done my 2nd jar (costco size). I have normal to dry skin and I find this actually plumps up and hydrates my skin. First ever moisturizer than actually made a difference for my skin! ☺️ Love it!
such a calming video to watch!
For anyone who sees this comment I would absolutely love if you could leave any thoughts on my cover of my Heart Will Go On by Celine Dion. Sorry for the self promo but I would love to have some advice!! Love u Tan xx
YAY notification squad!! :) Wow Ian mcshane is in american gods, he's one of my face actors lol!! I really want to try the neutrogena hydro boost I've heard it's really good :) yay love the zoella soap opera, mine has just run out so i'm using scooper dooper now :) x
Does anyone know where Tanya got her Albus Dumbledore wall art from? It looks so nice! X
so relaxing <3
Love you tan 💗
love this! XX
THIS IS SO RELAXING! 😴😍
This is gonna sound so creepy but your feet are so nice
This was so relaxing and inspiring! Candles really set the mood and I love that you and Jim take time to yourselves at the end of the day. That's so important especially when you live with your S.O.
Make sure to check back next Friday as we are launching our brand new animated HALLOWEEN special! 🐱🕷
6:05 Fertilizer!
:-D
This is absolutely adorable. 😄
Und wie ich das kenne.😀
Why is this. In my suggestions
😹!
HAhahahaha
Accurate ❤😂
@1:51... Priceless expression!  X'D , 3:30... Bwahahaha! , 5:27... smart kitty , 6:14... another priceless expression  X'D , 8:11... too cute.
cat so badly
😺
класс
Just mere curiosity: who the hell can be that 198 people, who disliked these videos?!
Hey..Simon's Cat..Why are you allowing people to advertise porn on your channel? Little kids watch your cartoons and read the comments.
Oh, my gosh, I can't believe he just threw out all that good meat. Haven't seen the cat's reaction yet, but I don't blame the cat. Seriously, all that would be sandwiches for the next few days for me. x)
My long haired floof kitty is a shoulder kitty.\nUnfortunately, she's 10 pounds soaking wet with needle claws.\nBut she's a  love.\nEven if she makes it look like I'm wearing a weirdly lumpy all black fur collar.
I feel bad for this guy :(
the cats pooping face tho 😂
I chuckled all the way through this!!! SO funny... my cat has pee'd in my flower pot while trying to dig it out before! 😂🌼\n~Mow~
РУССКИЕ ВЫ ГДЕ?
Cant stand the guys voice
Miaou i suscribe
lmao
Priceless possession :D
'\nwho is this word - THEY - at 005 to 011...\ncute cat
lmao that Scalextric sketch is hilarious!
Cool cat
LOL!!  Very True!!
funny clowns all day long🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Priceless possession XD 1:55
Haha my cat sleeps on my head too
Супер :-)
Priceless possessions = testicles. HahahahahaHahaha
🐱
So realistic
Я перебежчик ,_,
Those were great!!!!!!
Loll too funny!
Priceless possessions aka the family jewels. Lol!!
Grass.
I would love to see this early in the morning with a narrator voice deep and calming.
Hot Spot: No cat does that for real. \nFast Track: Your fault for teasing the cat. \nLaser Toy: Once again, your fault for teasing the cat. \nTrash Cat: Who throws away a full chicken? \nFlower Bed: He gives you good fertilizer and you're complaining? \nBed Head: See, cats are good.
OH MY GOD I WATCHED THESE THINGS WHEN I WAS LITTLE
Simon draws Simon drawing Simon's Cat.
I LOVE ⚘YOUR CREATIVITY🌻✔\n:) bobsparrow((🐣))\n@  http://RobertLougheed.WIX.com/thedoorisopen
I laughed so hard! This made my day!
How To Take Care Of Cats
1:51 see, this doesn't happen if your a girl. well, it doesnt hurt as much
So true, and so adorable, I love your channel :D
c'est la Récré....!
Also its hard to keep them with smaller pets because they will constantly try to eat the small pet.
my childhood cat clawed my mom in the butt once. He tried to jump from counter to counter. She was in the middle digging for pans under the sink. He realized he wasn't going to make it. My mom's butt was his landing spot, she ripped him off her, and threw him across the kitchen into the family room. I couldn't  stop laughing. Poor little guy. I made sure he was ok, and cuddled him.
I’ll fuckin tie ya to a bed post with ya ass cheeks spread out an shit an put a hanger on the fire an let it sit there for a while then take it out an stick in in ya asshole like sssssssssssssssss
Remember when these were funny and original?
Go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You get the only free secret tool fully FREE for this game.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
i always watch simons cat when i have my cat steve on my lap.
Excuse me you miss spelled your title\nIt’s Pain in the Ass
Go To The google search And then Type: *gamesecrxguide facebook* This is actually the only working facebook secret working these days. Never waste the time on some other specific tools
Thanks for making us laugh every time!
Why the fuck is this in my recommendations???
I love the videos because they're adorable
Awh, this makes me sad that my Fluffbutt decided to sleep in the closet tonight. :(
9 minutes of simon's cat. SO HAPPY
Regardless I still love my cat no matter what. <3
That eas great! And long too! 😁😂
‘scribed!!! So it’s about time someone out there appreciates cats AND loves them for who they are! Keep them coming!!
Simon is like my cat ginger..
CARTOONS ARE FOR CHILDREN!
WOW! Just found your channel. YOU GOT IT DOWN, man! I subscribed! I have 4 cats, now , down from 18, who passed of old age, etc. I LOVE THEM SO MUCH! Each of them has their own personality, and good or bad, I LOVE ALL OF THEM! Keep up the great channel!
1:50 This contest is over!!  Give that Simon the $10,000!! ^^
I have a cat that can fetch
he threw away a whole chicken.....
Getting hit in the crotch needs a sound effect. I think I got it!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUTVmuqviqE&ab_channel=BenderRodriguez
How old is simon
nice video its remind me my Cat🤣🤣😁👍🏽
Still waiting for Trips to the vet. Love your videos
Your Videos are the best!
As a gal with moderately long hair, need an episode with a cat accidentally pulling one's hair by stepping on it... Mine as of late has been doing this. She jumps up on the back of my chair and wants to lay down and purr away but inevitably she steps on my hair. Plus, she seems to never be able to make up her mind as to which side of the chair she wants to face either.
So true, no wonder we love them...Does that mean we are crazy?
Lesson learned. Replace all table lamps with LED so they can't be used by cats to get a tan.
Go to my channels leslie Singh and Ghetto Mama Mukbang and check out my pets. Thanks Subscribe
I remeber this and still watch it
My mom said she watched this in college
This is a lot like Wallis and Grommet\n\n\n\n\nI love it ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I have a cat and a dog. They are my family. Love them to bits
Yeah my cats have systematically destroyed chairs ..vases..carpets....but I still love them.
these make me miss my cat even more as she lives at my mum's
this is what makes these so funny cos it so true what they do mine are just as bad  but i wouldnt be without them i bet the dislikes are dog lovers and hate cats lol omfg i loved the bit were it pooped in the hole and blamed the gnome lol but if a cat sees a hole he will use it lol
His eyes when he goes to toilet!lmao
Always happy to find a new story from Simon's Cat :)))  =^.^=
Such a talented cartoon artist! This is so much like my cat. You got the actions of a cat drawn perfectly.
My cat is fat and fluffy like a cloud also it weighs 20 pounds...
Simons cat told you to tap a few buttons here and get paid for it.....\n\n\n\n\nGO HERE 👉 http://tinyurl.com/y7gq4xz8
Great stuff, but I wish you had broken them into separate videos.
*W A R N I N G*\n\n*Owning a cat may get you broke, countless trip to the hospital, get detention by teachers and adorabetes that may lead to death,make sure you treat them well and avoid getting into their wild side and stay alert.*\n\n*YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED*\n\n(but srsly it's all worth it)
i read that as cats can be a real pain in the ass
Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;\n\nRomans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, \nand shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the \ndead, thou shalt be saved.\n\nRomans 10:13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall \nbe saved.\n\nActs 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one \nof you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye \nshall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.
Imagine buying a new TV and your cat knocks it over. I had a cat once he bit me because he got hungry. I put him out never saw him again.
I had 3 dogs pass away over the last 2 years. The first was of old age, the second was a tumor, and the third was a car accident. I wish I knew any of this was an option for the dogs I had grown up with. I miss them.
I recently found your channel and have been binge-watching every night for the past few nights. I got to this one and immediately thought Oh no. because dealing with the death of pets has been a difficult and near-constant aspect of my life. This is because my family rescues, fosters, and adopts cats, and our house usually has anywhere between 5 to 16 cats at any given time. Right now, we have 12. (all spayed, neutered, healthy, and safe, by the way)\nHaving this many cats puts us in the position of having at least one cat from every stage of pet life possible at all times. We've got one cat now who's only 2 years old, and we just recently euthanized a cat that was nearly 20. Plus all the ages in between.\nAnyway I digress. My point is, I've always had to deal with a lot of pet death, and it's always there, coming towards our older kitties, or the ones unfortunate enough to wind up with cancer. Just last winter, my girl Poocat grew a mass on her liver, and it ultimately led to my needing to euthanize her. I chose to do this at home, even though all our other pets have been euthanized at the vet. She was just too weak and sick, and I didn't want her last moments to be spent afraid, in a loud, smelly, strange place. I wanted her to be comfortable and as happy as possible. To be honest... Yeah, the vet bill was kind of painful. But home euthanasia was such a better option, for her AND for me. She was in my arms until the end. She looked up at me one more time before her injections, and at that moment it was the most difficult to say goodbye, but so good to know that she was safe and comfortable, not looking to me because she was scared and stressed from a trip to the vet. \nIf I could, home euthanasia would be my choice for EVERY cat we have to let go of, because it makes the process of death... not better, but definitely easier to some degree. Everyone is more comfortable, the environment is one that's safe and familiar. You don't have to walk through a waiting room full of strangers while bawling your eyes out.\n\nI had thoughts on topic of a pet wake, as well, but I kind of rambled a lot here. But I think that, even with as many pet deaths as I've dealt with in my life, this video still gave me a lot of comfort and insight into how better to handle things, the next time I have to say goodbye.\nI'm here in bed with my sweet girl, Coco, thinking about cats I've lost, appreciating the cats I still have, and hoping that in the future I can remember this video and make the process of a pet's death a little easier all around. (But hopefully not any time soon)\n\np.s. the wake you held for the Meow looked very beautiful, and I cried a lot.
My childhood dog passed away in November last year. I held her head and as she went limp I let out a audible squeek. I'm crying even now after watching this. We took her to my grandpa's house and buried her in the woods. My first dog was buried there as well as my dad's childhood dogs. I made a grave marker for her and carved bronze leaves to attach to it.
I'm sitting here weeping but this is such a great video. Thank you.
This made me cry!! Omg I miss my fur babies!!
3 years and The Meow is still causing heart ache
i’m not crying and cradling my 40 pound dog, you are
my cat died last month. kitty headstones were pricy so i ordered her a memorial steak. I miss my little marshmellow so much. I'm still crying
This video was literally painful to watch even though you delivered it with such professionalism and humor. Any subject about a human corpse is fine and im like, nah, but animals..
I'm so sorry for your loss, but thank you so much for sharing this. My boy is getting up there in years and now I have some sort of idea of how I'll want to grieve and honour him. <3
I had to put down my Sharpei dog- she was always terrified of the vet. Especially when she had to get anything done to her feet. Unfortunately, the shots had to go into her ankles. Surprising though, she looked really peaceful when she went. The vet listen to her heart beat and informed us when she was gone. We spent the whole afternoon digging a deep grave for the girl. It was nice. I was only 7 and i guess thats when I learned what it meant to lose something. Random, but i think thats what prepared me for my best friends death back when I was 15.
Man I'm crying I get sick thinking about losing one of my cats I think I will die with them
So sorry i have a yorkie and he is my baby
I have a 16 year old cat names Meeka. It won't be long before she's gone and I'm greatful for this video. Now I know exactly what I want to do with her ♡
I wish I had known about all these memorial options that vets may offer when my kitty passed a few years ago. It would have been nice to have a lock of hair or a clay paw print. I was a mess at the time and not thinking clearly but I greatly regret not looking into it.
My cat knew it was her time and so she went to the forest to die there. We never saw her again.
Her name was so epic. Rest In Peace little lady ❤️❤️❤️.
We had our beloved black cat Peepaw put to sleep after he experienced somewhat of a stroke in the early morning without our knowledge. I so wish we lived in a rural area so we could've buried my Tessie dog and Peepaw in our backyard, but alas we sent them to the city to be cremated. Thank you fo sharing your story.
I appreciate all of your videos so far but I really need to thank you for this one. I didn't even realize home euthanasia was an option. One of my cats is getting up there in years and I need to start thinking about these things, and he gets so anxious about everything to do with the vet, I'd hate for that to be his last experience.
I don't like cats very much but this made me tear up. Goodbye The Meow, though this is an older video. Also your channel and videos have changed my outlook on both life and death and I am actually no longer suicidal. My views on suicide have changed so much because of these videos that I'm actually much less apt to feel that way now. Thank you so much for that. This may possibly be my only life. This may be my only experience as an existing being. Do I really want to throw that chance away? Can I really not stand the pain or is it that I'm too existentially near sighted to see the interconnecting possibilities of my life? To see that it will eventually get better? This may sound off the wall but I currently have ants in my house. They don't bite me usually so I don't mind. Sometimes they crawl on me or I'll find them crawling along my bed post with a giant piece of food that looks way too large for them in their mouths. I try to help them, I try to steer them towards food, or away from danger, I try to keep them from getting crushed underneath me. But, often times they end up just getting frightened, dropping the food, and scurrying away. Even with my best attempts I've never been able to successfully help one of these ants. Cosmically speaking I am an ant. Who's to say there isn't some higher being that's just simply trying to help me, but like me with these ants, just can't? Even if there's nothing out there I am still a tiny little ant, trying my best to carry the weight of existence to it's final destination. I cannot see beyond my perceived reality, I cannot see what waits for me 10 years from now, and is that something I'm willing to give up, out of fear that living another day will hurt? No, it's not.\nTL;DR Don't kill yourself, it's not worth it, we're all just tiny ants.
My beautiful rat died while I was away. I came back to a horrible smell. I was crying, not because I was morning her death (it hadn't quite hit me properly yet) but the fact that she was kinda far gone (a full night and day) she wasn't the cute little nervous baby she once was any more. She was a corpse that looked in pain and scared. I was crying because I didn't get to spend her last moments with her and that I couldn't hold her for hours after she died. \nI will forever miss her and I plan on doing something with the bones in about 20 days when I'm sure she's had time to decompose properly so I can give her the proper send off she deserved. \nRest easy my beautiful Ducky.
this is nice and everything but that bit at the end where she yanks her cat up looks a bit harsh and the cat looks uncomfortable :/
I wish i had a chance to something so honorable for my best pet friend who is no longer with
This was a roller coaster of emotions. Thank you for sharing!
I started the video unsure what to expect, then sad as your story of The Meow's condition reminded me of my own Siamese cat from childhood who unfortunately also had cancer, then laughing at the part about blow drying your dead cat at 2 in the morning, then crying at the end... this video was an emotional rollercoaster and it has helped put into perspective my options for when my own pets pass. Thank you, you are an amazing person.
I should not be sobbing because of this.
My Lil kitty Tia died in my arms and I cried like a little baby.
I'M CRYING SO HARD A KITTY DIED
did anyone else go and grab their cat
Crying in the club rn
R.I.P. Meow =(\nI don't know if you have seen the show American Pickers. It is a show about antique hunters. Frank Fritz in the show he loves cats. And when his cat (Arby) died . The funeral was at a real Human Funeral home. And it was so touching and happy at the same time. It was kinda like a New Orleans type Human funeral for a cat with people dancing load music playing. But my cat funerals are a lot more like in this video. (AND I CRIED HARD) But I wrap my cat in a cloth before burial. Not to preserve. But to help the cat body go into the earth and not be disturbed by other scrounging animals. I learned the hard way one time.
The bit talking about your emotions afterwards, unfortunately, made me laugh.\n\n'You are so warm, yet so limp and dead. Biology. Curious.'
We did home euthanasia with our cat Benjamin who had cancer. He was happy on our bed while we held him. So glad our vet did this for us. He cried with us, and didn't charge us!
I was  watching this  with my cat laying on the bed a few feet away from me and when I started to cry he got up, laid against my back and cuddled my head (with his paws hugging my neck). Cats are amazing.
Aww..I  wasn't planing on crying today..God dammit..fucking cats making me feel
cats make me so emotional. I was completely calm and then I saw that picture of you holding Meow and I started crying.
My lil kimi cat had cancer and was put to sleep also purring wrapped in a warm fleece...we had her cremated at a pet crematorium,when they sent her ashes back they had enclosed some of her fur which was a lovely touch.i miss her.
I remember when we had to put our dog of a few years down. It was a sudden health problem that was stopped too late. The meds weren't working that he was prescribed. My mom said it was okay for me to stay in the waiting room. It was sad. Just to see him starting to lose strength. He was cremated and now in a nice little wooden box with his name on it. I'm glad he's doing better now❤
Death isn't an emergency- it's a permanent condition. You can't mess anything up. This gave me a lot of comfort, thank you <3 x
Wow, I don't even know what I'm gonna do when my dogs die. This video made me think about it and it was very helpful
I put my Blu Blu down in my backyard, in the sun on a blanket with friends. I was devastated but it was the best choice, the vet let us have time with her after she was gone and then took her in a woven basket to be cremated. She brought her back in a sealed wooden box with her name on it. It was seriously the best thing I could have done and I never had to leave my house to take her to a vet or pick up her remains.
Totally beautiful. <3 We have two Ragdoll cats, and our oldest, blue bi-colour Magnus (nicknamed Noot-Noot), is actually a therapy cat for me as I have Crohn's disease (can imagine a coroner wouldn't be bored having to run what's left of my bowel :P ) and general anxiety disorder. I also hold a BSc in Human Anatomy (Hons), and I LOVE the way you present death, especially as demonstrated in this video with The Meow. Before we got the two Raggie boys, Magnus and Merlin, that we have now, I had another Ragdoll, inherited from a family friend, called Frankie. At age 15 she went into kidney failure after developing a dental infection, and during the remainder of her life (which included two trips to the after hours vet for pain relief and high fevers, and antibiotics) we had to refuse the options given to us by vets, such as removing her infected teeth, a portion of her gum tissue and possibly jaw, and even a form of chemotherapy (though I can't think of anything worse for kidney failure than pumping more junk into the body for the poor organs to try and deal with). My husband and I kept her with us for three months, with her sleeping on the bed with us, increasingly more so between us under the covers when she was sore and/or cold, before one Tuesday when she deteriorated suddenly, as happens with kidney failure in cats, and I immediately knew I couldn't put her through anymore, as this was the worse she'd been. Jumped in the car, phoning the vet down the road to get them to stay open for us as we brought her in and said goodbye. I held her as she drifted away, but I did feel very pressured by the vet to let go of her body, and let them take it away out of sight, so you can have the good memories now. Ideally I would have loved to have held her for longer than the half an hour we did (I was also doing what you did, alternating between sobbing, and also being stunned at how pliable and yet warm she was in death, surprised my husband didn't divorce me after that weirdness), and when the time comes for other two boys to pop their clogs - seriously, if anyone says Rainbow Bridge, I will punch, it's just a kind of unnatural, overly and unrealistic heaven-esque ideal - we'll be opting for home euthanasia, and probably having them at home with us for a day, a day or two, before cremation. Thank you so much for this video, and all the others you've made. <3
It feels strange to cry over a cat I have never met
I only cried a little bit until I starting think about my 4 cats. I can't imagine having to put them down... Also, was that Laganja?
This video has me sobbing hysterically :-( so sorry
i begged my parents to do everything at home but they refused and it still hurts me that i couldn't be with my dog
I don't know why I found your channel or why I started watching the content but I was listening to these in the background while I worked. Unfortunately, I am crying now thinking of my deceased dog. Unfortunately, I had her put down last year after 15 long year, enjoyable years of love and companionship. She was a fiery red Pomeranian and we went through a lot together. I knew she was getting old.. her hearing worsened.. she was pretty much blind, but she knew me and she stayed with me always. I found her on my floor one day with blood spots around her. I checked her over and still do not know where the blood came from, but I called my mom (who was away at the time) and was sobbing that I thought it was time and I felt bad trying to keep her alive any longer. I made the appointment with the vet for in a week's time. \n\nI tried so hard to get the days to go by slowly.. I even contemplated canceling the appointment out of sheer grief over the whole thing. I called my school at the time and told them I would not be coming in for a few days.. maybe a week. That Friday came.. the big day. I picked her up and swaddled her in a blanket.. got a taxi to the vet and went through the paperwork and process for a cremation. I actually started crying and shaking so much during the paperwork that most of it was unreadable.. they still accepted it.. I don't think they wanted to make me do it again. She was euthanized in the vet office, swaddled in a blanket I made for her when she was 5. \n\nI stayed with her the whole time. I watched the light disappear from her eyes and her body go lax. I kept telling her she was a good girl.. such a good girl and that I loved her. They asked me if I wanted to take the blanket with me.. it caused an anxiety attack. I told them I didn't want to disturb her.. i didn't want her to be cold... I wanted her to know she was safe and I was sorry for everything. For not taking her down sooner, for trying to believe she would get better. I walked home that day.. opting instead to be alone in my thoughts.. it rained on the way home. I sat there on the curb.. not bothering with an umbrella and I cried in the rain. I was so heartbroken from the experience.. I felt so alone despite having a younger dog. I felt like I had let her down and that the vet trip was preemptive. I didn't go back to school for a while and when I did I was nothing more than dead emotionally. \n\nIt has been a little over a year and I still miss her. Every year since.. I'm not sure when.. but every year we buy a tiny pumpkin for our pets. We bought 2.. one for our 3 cremated ones including my Pom and one for our current pet. It'll rot and petrify slowly, but part of me feels better knowing (now) that she didn't suffer. I'm not sure I would opt for a burial like you did or a home euthenization (ever) but I find comfort in knowing that the handlers of death understand that our pets are precious to us even in some do not agree. \n\nCrying on Oct 1st wasn't in my plans but thank you for everything. I know this video is old and you may never see this comment but thank you for this. Thank you for recognizing that death isn't always just a human event and that it can affect their animal companions.
why am i crying in the club rn?
I think I'll have to do this with my chihuahua. Luckily I have 10+ years with her yet I never wanna lose her 🖤🖤🖤
Anyone else going to grab their cat now?
Awww...I get it. I cried for months when I buried my min pin. Watching your baby suffer is painful.  When they die, a part of you dies as well. My baby passed in my hands after her shots.
I am so glad to see I was not the only one who burst into tears as I watched this video.
I had a beautiful siamese named Oscar who died of kidney failure. He passed while I was at work (12hrs factory)... He was sleeping stretched out when I left and was in the same position when I returned home and in rigamortise. I had no choice in positioning him curled up. It was nite time so I couldn't bury him right away. Luckily I had a deep freezer that I never used and put sweet Oscar in a box inside 2 ziploc bags and laid him inside. Side note: I was feeding him with a syringe for a few days before death and he had dried bits around his mouth. I cleaned him up before I but him in the freezer, also he had a crooked tail that laid literally in half and he could move the whole tail or just the tip. He never let me touch it while alive so I couldn't help myself and petted his tail while I was cleaning him up. Oscar laid in the freezer for two days until I could bury him. I'm glad you touched on the real things that may happen when your pet dies and I hope I served my kitty well in life and in death.
I was genuinely crying until you mentioned blow-drying your dead cat and then I lost it 😂
Luckily my dog, Charlie, has agreed to never die.
I will grieve my pets just as much as any person I love. \nI called over my kitties to hug them after watching this.\nMy oldest cat is showing signs of early aging and it eats at me when I let myself think about it.\n\nI know it's been a view years but I'm still sorry for your loss. But I'm also glad she got to die without stress. Any cat lover knows how upset cats get when they are stressed. You did the best thing you could do for her. <3
people thought i was twisted i took photos of my animals sat with them and saved a few feathers and my bunny fur i'm glad to see it's ok to deeply mouran a pet like you would a family member and yes rigger is very real 😳
About 3 weeks ago my cat Mae died and I'm still having a hard time getting over it she got sick and her liver started failing. I took her to the emergency room because I didn't know what was happening, and expensive bill and I didn't think she would die that morning and couldn't get to her in time but got to hold her dead body afterwards with one of my best friends there with me. I live in an apartment but my friends mom let me bury my baby in their backyard, they had to prepare the hole and so they told me to ask if they could keep the body till the next day, which they did. I wish however that I took her home and laid her out like you did, because they did not place her in a pretty position, I opened the box and was startled to see a zombie cat looking at me, it also made burying her a little awkward and I'm still really sad and watching this video did make me cry a little cause I miss her dearly, she was only a year and a half old and I had her since she was an itty bitty kitten. :/
So I feel weird bc when family or friends died I was eh . But when my pets have died I was a bawling nut job.
I cry whenever I hear/read stories about pets being euthanized. I am seventeen and have had my two older dogs since I was four. I have no idea how I'm going to get through their passing as I've never had to deal with something like that before. I'm scared :(
I began crying when you said she was purring when she died.
This made me cry
After losing his battle with kidney failure, my GusMonster was laid to rest under a very old walnut tree in a friend's yard. Though I didn't have a wake, I held him during the euthanasia, and after he was gone. He did get a natural burial.
Btw. I love your channel. It's very eye opening without being boring.
I wish I'd seen this video sooner! My cat died unexpectedly (he had a long-standing heart condition but he was doing pretty well around the time of his death) last month and we were so unprepared that we didn't really know what to do or how to process it. For any future (hopefully very distant future!) kitty deaths I shall be sure to take your lovely advice into account and spend more time really processing the situation instead of largely avoiding it which is what I ended up doing.
Animal death is the worst, I can handle a dead human with no emotion but when an animal dies, I'm ugly sobbing.
My cat was put down a couple years ago and my mom chose to have her cremated and to have the vet clinic keep them so they could scatter her ashes in a pet memorial but we have no clue were and it still angers me she did it ngl
I literally cried when you said she was purring when she died 😭😿
Living in a completely non accepting neibourhood we never had cats live in our beedroom or give them proper food but we had a lots of cats in our house who came for the leftovers and the trash so some of those cats became quiet close to us but we coulsnt really take care of them yet when they died it was so sad i could not even grieve in front of people it was so very hard
I had to put my beloved Genna to sleep last November, almost a year ago. She had been my faithful friend for 16 years, through all my depression and hardship. She had become my anchor. I depended on her to a rather unhealthy extent.\n\nThis is a long, rather confronting and upsetting story, be warned.\nEdit: Genna is my dog. I forgot to mention.\n\nFor several months prior her vet trips had been getting more and more frequent, suddenly she needed alzheimers meds where before she didn't, she was stiff and found it hard to move or eat from her bowl.\nThen she had a seizure in the middle of the night. I woke up to her convulsing on my bed, her heart so loud I could hear it thudding in the room. I stroked her gently until she regained consciousness.\nThe vet said it was likely she had a brain tumor, but she didn't seem to be in much pain.\nThen she stopped eating. I fed her puree'd rice and chicken with a syringe and took her to the vet, who gave her some appetite stimulators but I could tell she wasn't hopeful.\n\nAll through this our vet was very open, she told us that it was likely going to be time soon and once mum and I made it clear that we weren't interested in excessive intervention she became more honest with us. She said the choice would probably be mine, that Genna wouldn't die on her own. \nGenna slept on my bed every night. But the day after that final visit her eyes started drifting side to side repetitively. I covered her eyes with a blanket. No change. She couldn't control it.\n\nThat was enough. I had promised her when she was a puppy I wouldn't make her linger. Mum called the vet and made an appointment the next day, a Wednesday.\nWhen the morning came we took her to the dog park, it was lovely weather. We let her wander. I cried when I saw her walking away, knowing she was going to leave me forever. We had ice cream. I let her have some off my fingers. Mum drove my brother home while I lay on my back with her on my tummy, staring up at the trees and the sky. I told her to say hi to dad for me.\n\nWe drove to the vet. They took her into another room to put the catheter in, because apparently sometimes they struggled and it could be upsetting to the owner. But apparently she was as good as gold.\nShe sat on my lap, I stroked her, crying my eyes out. Genna looked up at me and licked my face, and then she was gone.\n\nThere was only one injection. The vet was crying. Mum was crying. I was crying. The vet told me that was so beautiful because most dogs look away and sigh when they die, but Genna gave me that little kiss.\n\nWe were left alone with her. She was so still. I wrapped her in my silk dressing gown and gave her her favourite toy. Her eyes wouldn't close. I didn't feel too terrible leaving her there, because her body wasn't her. She was gone.\n\nThe next day mum picked up her scatter tin, put it in the cupboard with my dads ashes and I didn't visit for at least a week or so. I had a long mourning period with rapid ups and downs, wore a locket with her picture, kept a lock of her fur which I think I threw away in a fit of self-loathing anti-sentimentality. Mum was worried, told me that maybe I should put her pictures and the locket away until I had recovered some, because all this was was a reminder.\n\nIt felt like I had lost part of my soul, like she was a familiar that had died. \n\nIt's been a year. I'm coping. Yesterday I went and bought a nice wooden box to put her ashes in so the scatter tin isn't just in a paper bag. This channel prompted me to do that actually. 30 dollars for an antique thing with a hexagonal shape and wire worked detail.\nI sort of wish I'd kept her fur, but I still have her collar and when I find it I'll put it in the box too. Losing pets is hard. Genna was a friend, a playmate, a piece of me.\nI can't have another dog, much as I want one, it's not possible with our current house. I'm left with Jerry, who is Genna's friend the cat, he's about 12 now. I'm sure soon I'll have to help my brother through the same process.\n\nThe whole hospice care thing can be rough. I think it's important to know yourself well enough that you're not going to be re-traumatised by whatever you do. I think if we had kept Genna at home I wouldn't have left, just cried over her hysterically. But then I had an unhealthy attachment to her I think.
Earlier this year, my dog died. Had her since I was 4. Never met an animal so human and just so, amazing.\nWatching this kinda, helped me in a way. Made me feel comfort.
Growing up, my parents put cats down with a bullet to the head.\n\nIts really traumatic when I look back on it. We as kids were obviously not allowed to see. But jesus b Jones. Farm life is brutal.
I'm not going to be ready when my cat dies😢
Love it, Caitlin! I wish I could have spent that kind of time with my man Marvin at the end. But his death was unexpected. All natural burial tho on my friend's property where I always will know where he is. Here's my tribute if you get a chance. Love your work :) https://erinschultzuniverse.tumblr.com/post/165242563492/marvin-wheres-your-kitten-mew
When my first cat died 4 years ago I sadly never got the chance to give him a proper burial or to say goodbye which still saddens me sometimes. He was killed by a car at night on a busy street so we could only assume that his body was taken by one of the hunters that often came along that road. He was my first real pet and ment a lot to me due to me being still very young and our family being very difficult to deal with. Thank you for this beautiful video, may all passed away pets be somewhere nice and safe. (RIP  Eduard 2010-2014)
I havent had a pet since my dog was run over when I was 18. I am 36 now. It was such a negative experience I couldnt go the hell again.
Long live the meow 💐💐💐💐💐as above so billow
Ill be honest i totally lost it when my bird passed away suddenly. I ended up keeping him in the freezer til i could cremate him and i gave him so many kisses. Losing pets are one of the hardest things ive ever been through. Rip Meow and Loki
After working in the veterinary field, I can honestly say you did a very understandable and compassionate thing for your Meow. Mammary tumors in a cat of her age are almost always malignant and they always come back with a vengeance.  Surgery at her age would have been hard on her and chemo even worse. Home euthanasias are always most comfortable for the pet.\n\nYou gave her a good death. A proper final gift for such a lovely companion.
I'm sorry for your loss, and I appreciate you telling the story.
I'm not crying you are
Would it be a good idea to plant a tree over the burial site of my pet? Not cremated, just a natural burial.
Home euthanasia is a good option. Another good option is to ask the vet for a high dose of Torbutrol (a pain killer and sedative) and give it to them at home, the right dose will have them nearly unconscious and in a blissed out state at which time one can drive to the vet and have the euthanol given in the car. No stress for the animal (or the person).
Caitlin, thank you SO much for this video and your other discussions of animal and human death and remains. I remember watching your Pet Death video when it first came out, but only had to use that knowledge now. Because of your lovely and open re-telling of the Meow's passing, I was able to plan for my cat's euthanasia yesterday and today's burial. I felt empowered to keep his body with me until I was ready, to chose among different cremation and burial methods, and so on. RIP to the Meow and her fellow old codger, Kelsey.
Oh man I just lost my own cat after having her for over 17 years. Know this video is several years old now but still sorry for your loss on your precious fur baby.
Once one of our cats passed away in her sleep but we didn't have the money to cremate her (at the time) and we were living in a condo in a city and didn't have a car to travel to a wooded area so we placed her in one of those styrofoam coolers and placed her in our freezer (which my dad turned down to the lowest setting, LoL) and we left her there for a good three months before we were able to cremate her and give her a little wake.
I started bawling at the home euthanasia and now have plans to save up and prepare for it if anything happens to my baby, Hex. However, it went awkward as you commented on blow-drying your dead cat at two in the morning.... And I broke out laughing enough to scare the kitty in my lap. XD
I'm not crying! 🙈
Ok, now I'm crying.
me three years after the meow passed away: NOOOOOOOO
This was beautiful
Aww this is very sad
I'm literally crying.
Rip the meow
I'm actually crying
Meow had such beautiful eyes!
This was beautiful
...so sad,,,
I am sobbing
Annnnd im crying
Lilly is SUCH a great human and we had so much fun filming together! Who do you want me to challenge next? :)
Not gonna lie... I let a lil squeal out when I saw Lilly 😍. Awesome Molly, so happy you got to collab w Lilly. She is such an amazing human being!
I HEARD THE DINKS AND INSTANTLY KNEW IT WAS JENNA AND JULIEN DINK FAM WHERE YOU AT
can you make a collab with simplynailogical?
I GUESSED GRACE HELBIG INSTANTLY IM SO PROUD OF MYSELF
Please do this with Miranda Sings
I got the Jenna & Julien Podcast one from the dinks... WHERE MY DINK FAM AT?!?!?!?!?!?!
When you get real excited for J+J and then realized you recognized it from the Dink Dink, Jenna's whine, and Julien's voice in that order. Also H3H3????
lilly's love for ryan higa will never die
A Molly & Safiya collab would be great
the only one i could guess in a second was Ryan Higa....😍😍😍
is she blind im very confused
Omg I swear Molly talked every single time they replayed it. God!!
Am I the only one who likes it when Lilly says come thru??😂😂😂
So, she knows all this information even though she is blind? how can she watch youtube or tv? is she partially blind?
Lol I thought it was Liza too
Molly you should collab with Liza Koshy. She's subscribed to your channel! I Love You!❤💛💚💙💜
thought the first one was Liza aswell
Wait..... she is blind???? I’m sorry I don’t understand how she watches YouTube??? Don’t mean to be insensitive
jenna and julien i got in an instant xD
Everybody's like mark has such a pro voice, but I don't even really notice it anymore.
Christine (simplynailogical) needs to collab with this girl, they would be perfect together. New sub, LOVE you so far.
Casey Neistat seemed the most himself and comfortable around Molly
I got Jenna and julien right away😂
I got pretty much all of them 😂 when Jenna and julien came on I knew it was them because of the music DINK DINK
Liza is such a easy one to know
I'm soooooooo super proud of you two for the Collaboration together...Super dope and cool 😎......u two should do more....Love Love 💘 u both
I thought the first one was Liza too!
BRUH she is soooo pretty wtf i didn't even knew she was blind ubtil she said it. gorgeous!!!!
Is that Kyle in the background?
When I heard dink dink I got so angry they didn't get it 😂
when i knew almost all of them i know i was on youtube A LOT
Mollys makeup on Lily’s jumper from a hug haha! Always happens x
WHY IS LILLY SO NICE!!!???
For the Jenna and Julien I new from the first second and I was shouting out JENNA AND JULIEN PODCAST!😂
You can do long hair competitions
omg i'm sooo bad with the voices lol
Lmaoooooo Lilly's face when Ryan's voice came on is me every time I see him!
Is that foundation on Lilly's jumper ? It's probably Molly's, I'm guessing they've hugged before the video 😂😂 and the way Lilly shows her face expressions forgetting Molly can't see them 😂 I love you two so much 💙💙 great video x
I've just been staring at the foundation on Lilly's sweater probably from hugging Molly haha x
Where's Logan Paul??
is she blind? plz respond i needs to know\nLol
hello i am a christian
Molly & Lilly collab so well together! They should def plan future collabs together.
OMG Lilly and Molly collab!!!  😍 yes, I was waiting for this for so long, I'm so happy... Now all I need is Safiya to join you 😁
I guessed Mark before lilly did ...... yay i got one.. only one
how the fuck is this video trending with 28k views?
Molly you're so gorgeous! If you ever do a Q&A soon I was just wondering. Do you remember how you look? If not you're so gorgeous and your eye shadow is never flawed 😍
I kind of want to see her do this with Rebecca Felgate
i knew it was Alissa violet
Every time I here my mom watching a YouTube video I can automatically say who it is😂😂 it's bad
https://youtu.be/hoZ4P5TC0w8\n\n\nPlease put like on my video ))
I only got Ryan Higa, but I even knew it was from a video I watched recently (Dumbest Things I've Ever Done!)
I got all of them right.. I should play this challenge lol 😂 I live in YouTube
Loved the video and collab!!!
There are certain things about me I spoken of in the past to no validity....I'm reclusing to some of my other dormant traits....play time is over.
HOW COULD THEY GOT NOT GET MY SOME OF MY FAVES ELIJAH AND CHRISTINE ! Just kidding, love you both, this video is so great😂❤️
OMG I couldn't be happier about this collaboration! You are both two of my favourite YouTubers and it was so great to see you together!!! Great video guys 😊❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Molly, as someone who just hears sound, does it drive you nuts when people, girls mostly, turn every sentence into a question? I drives me batty and I would think a blind person would just want to slap the inflection right off of them. 😊
Even tho i realize there's potential issues with this idea.. but is there any way you could like... edit the audio clips ur listening to (of the voices) into the video?  Was hard to hear and i couldnt even really come close to having a guess. So was hard for me to play along.  That or i'm just really bad at this game.  lol.   I do realize you would either have to mute the audio of your recorded video, and replace w/the clips ur listening to, but then if you had commentary during the clip (which happens a lot) that would be muted.  Then u'd have to go about recording each audio source individually and that just becomes a hassle.  :-\
I only got Grace, immediately!! 😂😂
This is my first of these segments and I loved it! Stay beautiful ladies. You area appreciated and loved.
Ahh one of the best collabs ever.. You two are AWESOME!
I got None of these. LOL but it looks like you guys had so much fun. Awesome video.
I couldn't guess ANY of these. I had nothing.
This is proof of how the youtube algorithm is rigged.. You have gotten 11k views in 11 hours, which doesn't even come close to what is actually trending (views). All you have to do is put a big youtuber that is in kudos with the platform itself.....
Molly won, but very close! 9 to 7!
Molly you are stunning! 😀 great video
This was so cute aw haha Lilly scaring Molly's dog, not surprising
Wow she was on your channel!!! So cool!
Molly you are brilliant!! Your videos are inspiring, fun and insightful! You and Lilly are so cool together!! Loved this video!\nI also guessed Gigi when we first heard her
Love this collaboration!
Kwalè behind the camera 👌😘
This was funny.
11:32 cute couple
Dink Dink diiiiiink Dink Dink omg I knew right away!
very nice challenge
@SafiyaNygaard should watch it
Dollar. :-(
was up
I only got 2\nFousey sadly\nAnd markiplier
:)
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Please challenge Shane Dawson !!!!!
View sleeping baby fun videos https://youtu.be/pILmiOgQn8Q
The jizz stain on lillys shoulder though.
https://youtu.be/WpJnADtehns
THATS MY GIRL LILLY SINGH
Great collaboration
Woah this is so cool aww
I LOVE THIS AWW
Best collab ever!
A voice challenge with the woman who made a freakout racist video over a single comment? I'd say she's more like Triggered Woman.
She looks likes she’s not blind
I was sad they didn’t do Shane Dawson😢
Nope. First video of the entire channel that I cannot watch until the end. What a bad-mannered, loud-mouthed, fake person that acts like she's been brought up in the gutter. Unbearable.
Bb's😭😭😭loved the video!!
But where are Dan and Phil
Lily looks really pretty in this vid
How is this trending with only 18k views.Youtube WTF?
ok but i just hope you know i spent $1,000 on milk was really weird out of context
Hell yeah. Im a until the ender! Ha! Love you girl!
Oh god no girl.  That foundation just makes your skin look wet.  Not even oily just wet.  Granted I have spent 42 dollars (excuse me while I cry) on a foundation BUT my holy grail foundation, my it-does-not-get-any-better-than-this foundation is the Urban Decay All Nighter foundation.  It's full coverage, doesn't have an odd fragrance (my skin is really sensitive to any scent whatsoever so I HAVE to be picky), doesn't make my skin breakout, and doesn't have that odd cakey/clay like consistency compared to the other foundations I have tried.  I will keep buying it because it's so good for my skin.\n\nBut after seeing that ish?  Oh no gurl.
Great video, as usual.  FYI, Shea Moisture has started making their great contour powder again.  It's now called Illuminating Mineral Powder - Dusk.   I just ordered it from Shea Moisture's website. Yeah!
You are very real
Milk you need some milk  😂😂
girl im so glad i found you you're hilarious
I love that even though Jackie has over a million followers she still uploads an appropriate amount of videos. Some youtubers get to a certain amount of followers and post once a month
I sat here supposed to be getting ready for work but instead watched two of your videos 😂❤️❤️ your so honest xx
Where you from Jackie?
Thank you I  live for your reviews 😍😘
i literally just found your channel and i'm in love. i'm honestly asking why i didn't find you sooner.
I love you!😂❤️you are amazing and hilarious!
What brush does she use for the bronzer??
Btw you have a nice smile💕
I just discovered u and now I already love u
I’ve never laughed so much in any of ur videos 😂😂😂
I AM LIVING FOR THIS GLOSSY EYE!!!!!!
Another thing the product was literally running down her face
This is definitely for the minimalistic look
Lmaooooooooo I just died lmaooooooooo that's it no more milk for me for a wkl lollllll
Omg you are absolutely beautiful and funny I'm do glad I found you❤️
Girl, before you added powder, your under eyes looked so shiny and oily. I would never buy this brand’s foundation! The foundation range is LAUGHABLE. That bronzer stick would probably work on my skin but it’s all so greasy looking!
I'm kind of a lot 😂😂😂\nYes you are and I love ya for it!
“I’m not going to try to pronounce these” pronounces like 4 ingredients
MY NAME IS JACKIE. OMG IM CRYING. WE HAVE THE SAME NAME. I LOVE YOU SO SO SO SO MUCHHH. 💜💜
My hating ass keeps tryna be like “SHES BEING TOO PICKY” but then I’m like ... damn she bringing up some important shit
Damn, everyone has 1m now and days
You are a delightfully adorable human being
Finally a good real true honest and genuine review lmao! Hard to find that on YouTube
this look would be bombb at a fun holiday party
Does anyone not see that’s she’s fucking yellow??
Hi Jackie, came across your this vlog i love your personality and ive never heard of Milk products
The foundation is coming across as a little too yellow for you.
I literally love her so much 😭❤️
Miss the Bible verses 😔. God bless ✝️
Forgive me, Jackie, for I have sinned. I'm so ashamed....I've been watching you literally all year (yes just one year...I don't get on youtube much) and I haven't subscribed. I corrected my mistake but you let me know how must repent. Love you girl!!!
I use the mascara everyday for the past year and I’ve never had any flakes. Love it.
Thanks for sharing. Whew. The oily tendencies almost messed up your makeup, Jackie! But the final look is super cute. \n\nHmm, I may just try that blur stick. The chunky stick design for the concealer won't work for me at all, abeg. \n\nNaya\nIG: NayaRhythm
Heyyy can you do a one brand make up tutorial la girl
no update after several hours of wear >.< ....watched til the very end for that feedback
This girl is HILARIOUS
The eyes & lip was my fav.
I like the video but dislike the makeup. Agree on it being over priced
premature wrinkles says jackie who is 30 and looks 18
Hey, you look amazing! What camera do you use ? X
I love how you explain makeup because I know EXACTLY what you mean !
As soon as you picked up the silicone applicator I said, What is she doing with that? She don't even like those 😂
This girl is crazy i love her
omg.. i really enjoyed watching this video.. ur hilarious... i wanna be ir friend 😊😊😆
That foundation looks like straight up shit
Jackie I'm helplessly in love with you
I just found you and I'm obsessed!😂
I clicked on this video and I said “ Her face says it all”😂
*When you just found your new favourite youtuber so you gotta drop everything and watch*
I love this chick , she's so funny like goddamn.
Damm, MILK kinda only has one flavour.... Maybe a bit of chocolate please?
milk makeup is ok but i feel like they use the excuse of natural makeup to hide the fact that there isn't pigment in their face products. their eye vinyls n lipsticks are bomb though 😍
With your top and your natural hair, I kinda love these retro/minimal vibes 😱 although full beat is always a lot more fun hehe
this didnt even feel like a 26min video it felt like a 6min video which is rare i normally never click or stay for long videos especially makeup related ones but i really enjoyed this \nnew subbie here👀
Real life even though she said the foundation was oily her skin look really fresh and hydrated looking good Jackie
i'm a real one
Girl you are hilarious! Yes!
That eye gloss look really pops on you! Milk brand seems too minimal in general, but you made it work. New sub.
You are so fun! Love the video 👏🏽
hahha i love it you are so cute in this video!!! 😍😍😍😂😂
This brand is garbage. This made your face look like a hot mess...
i loved the cooling stick but it gave me a crazy rash underneath my eyes! if you have super sensitive skin do nootttt use this!
i would love to see a favorite brushes video! thank you @Jackie Aina
THAT MASCARA IS GREAT
I love love love your videos you are so fun and honest!!
All the shades at super Orange liiikeeee the fuak we ain't trump lol
Omg 😂😭💀 why am I living for her Jackie song 😂
pink nude lip would go perfectly with this look
No wonder why girls don't wanna laugh in school, they don't wanna crease their face
white light shades there are always like.. 5 shades that look identical and maybe 3 dark shades and each one is either waaay darker or lighter than the next. Why. What if I'm in between.
You’re amazing and sooooo funny, I love your videos!❤️
Jackie you’ve got to just record that intro on sound cloud or something! 😂😂😂
You look stunning...you may not favor the Milk editorial look, but if favors you!
You know jackie's uploading often when her theme song constantly replays in your head... 😂😂❤️ love the new vids
So here for the lids
just the fact that you can spend 1000$ on make-up is telling on how successful you are ✊🏾🔥🔥
I found you last night around 2:30am from a drama channel suggested video. It's currently 10:08am and I haven't stopped watching your videos. Not even exaggerating. You are so beautiful with a beautiful personality and heart, PLUS you're smart and working to educate/empower others? Girl where have you been all my life? This pale girl needed you and she had no idea! Thank you for being my light when I've been sick and stressed about this country/world. Keep up the hustle and God bless!
When FENTY'S in your background...........😏
Jackie! I need you to go ahead and record your “Jackie song” let tht be your intro music! 😂
Do you REALLY think I want full coverage?? *smacks lips* Noooo, duhhh! 😂😂😂
Inlove
11:13 FUCKING MEEEE
Milk needs some milk
BLACK OPAL REVIEW PLS
Honey you are gorgeoussss
Your teeth are beautiful...
TALK ABOUT GLOSSIER!!!
1000 dollars...... You fucking IDIOT
LMAO @ Milk you need some milk!!!
Dammit Jackay, Jackay, Jackay, Jackay...  is stuck in my head.
Gaaaahh she's so pretty
You're hilarious!!!
while my eyes keep creasing, imma just wait jackie cracks me up!!!
woop woop! trader joes employee here lol
That exhale at the end was priceless
we are team that should be fighting for that 7-8 position and we strugling to get out of relegation zone
Same every week with Dom win or lose it’s always doom and gloom dom
Didn't celebrate the goal? Because you don't like Sakho? If west ham are as shit as you say they are then who can blame him for wanting to leave. Fucking idiot.
Spot on , we need a new manager asap
I agree with Dom for once Bilic has to go
You blame sakhos shit attitude, but he’s going to have that for as long as the fans will give him their shit attitude
Dom always looks like he’s got a bit of shit under his nose.
Looks like the biggest problem at West Ham at the moment are the fans. Get behind the team and stop moaning.
That lads about 15 but he acts about 42 get a grip of yourself mate give yourself an aneurism before you turn 30
It’s the same every week with Dom win or lose you get doom and gloom dom
Why have Dom on here such a miserable c##t
I wouldnt mind giving Dom a go as manager if im honest
He is not a fan, who gives a fuck we are a team with 4pts from 6 games, would you rather we lost?
damn.. and i thought Real Madrid fans are suspect as fuck.
COYI. Love how this has made #33 on trending too lmao 😂
West ham must do a roaring trade at the burger van......
Spot on, don't like the man. His attitude is piss poor.
Massive sigh at the end said it all. There were some positives at the very end and hopefully we can start with those players in the next game.
Until West Ham spend the big money and get better players managed by a world class manager we'll be stuck on this hamster wheel forever.same old shit casual play but the goal gets the whole team out of jail.
Why so many Pikeys follow West Ham?
I'd try an Hope get Ancelloti in quick time
I agree. Can't feel as excited as usual after a win because Bilic is still there and I feel he cannot take us any further. We were awful again but same as usual Bilic had no clue how to set up the team. No style of play. We have about 5 players up top waiting for it to be launched forward and we are fucking around with it at the back. Bilic clearly doesn't have instruction or game plan for the team. We need someone who will actually set the team up with some discipline and structure.
Dom is such a twat. It's 3 points well deserved as we dominated the game by creating more chances and shots than Swansea who are didn't have a clue. Stop being negative bilic in.
More performance art from Dom. it's all an act.
Sakho did celebrate he took his shirt off lol! he went mad! why take your shirt off , he got a yellow card!
I hate Sakho's attitude but I love west ham so I celebrated the fuck out of the goal.\nDom is right about the win papering over the cracks though. We may have been better off in the long run getting the draw if it meant Slav got the boot because as it stands he is just going to continue with his awful tactics and we are going to struggle like we have for the last year and a half.
We have a decent aquad but billic dont know how to get the best out of them...thats was a piss poor performance...even antonio played shit and ive never seen him play crap
If Bilic did go who would West Ham get I mean no managers about who will take that job... And him saying Swansea not a good side and West Ham are behave both shit teams.....
When will people relise that the deal was in place for sakho to leave the club had arranged it but then decided to stab sakho in back as they couldnt sign another striker then decide to blame sakho
Bilic just won the game you muppet. So fucking negative every week
A goal scored by West Ham is a goal celebrated by me even if Harold shipman was playing upfront
I'm not being funny, we messed up big time early doors this season. But we're still only 3 points off 7th.\nUnless we can get Benitez or Ancelotti, what's the point of changing manager?\n\nSo let's back the team if not him until we get a better manager.
Andy Carroll goals per game ratio is 0.28 goals per game. How is he allowed to play ?
This video was missing a 'chin up' at the end of it Nicky haha Dom looks like we've just been relegated out the championship to Millwall
Met Nicky after the game today, brilliant lad, even got a picture with him 🙂
Well that was depressing, he has a point about Bilic though.
Mate ATM it doesn't matter how we get the 3 points as long as we do
Anyone else spot Ethan / bazinga from sidemen
Such a important win ffs , don't matter how they come when your struggling at the bottom, and I hear a lot of fans today at the match including this fat mug Dom saying he would rather us lose so Bilic goes ........ one word and that is CUNT
Bilic gotta go
Dom cracks me up haha
Diddums you Stratford Pikeys LOL.
He's a morbid cunt
Youre fucking kidding you lot are in a relegation battle and need all the 3 points you can get, Sahko fuxking saved you
down. fuck we all hope so you PICKEY SCUM....................................................
Win papers over the cracks bilic out we will not get top 10 with this man in charge
I see hear what you saying Dom\nBut we all know if it was a cup final against with the  drinks flowing n Sakho scores 95th min  winner ...  You would be going mental 😂
Spot on from Dom, as for not celebrating the goal thas just petty mate last minute goals are the cream of goal celebrations lol
Dom just shut the fuck up, call yourself a West Ham fan , always fucking moaning . We won the game don't need your negativity. It weren't pretty but we are struggling. Not cheering your team ffs Just go away
caravan scum.
Completely agree with Dom
Why so many ugly fat West Ham fans. Fat ugly bastards LOL. Vocabulary of the East End sewer rats. Feck this and Feck that and nothing Feck all else LOL. West Ham hop picking holidays are what these fat bastards need.
Hey, we also have a channel that deals with singing. Brass will make us a sub
All Joseoh Khan films are so good.He becomes my favourite director.
Nice song different from other maroon V songs
I am slightly loosing my shit and tripping balls, but I love the song
it's shit but the tune is so fucking good
Bad timing with the vegas massacre. My prayers go to those who lost their lives to a madman.
Thanks from great song 👍you are the best💪💓👌
Am I the only one who came to say I pray for everyone who lost their lives or loved ones in Las Vegas?
Missing the old maroon 5 that they play with band no any new gadgets rhythm. Good old days
this will get 1 billion I bet :)
The video is just awesome..
Imagine If this video came right after the Vegas Shootings. What lucky timing
uh uh uh uh I like this 😘😘
Love is a lie.
wow I like it
I'm praying for all the victims and the victims' friends and families in the Las Vegas massacre.
If You're An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
It's more faster?
Butterflies talking animals talking flowers spider man running up a tree\nLike wtf
Like repost please any feedback is appreciated https://soundcloud.com/akifofficial/carnage2
Is Los vegas
this song is litttt and the vid is too
Maroon 5 is forever my favorite band, you guys are the best
I have been waiting for it❤
wtf did i just watch, good song but the video😂😂No hate
0:07 OMG THATS SO FREAKING CREEPY THE DEER SING PS THIS IS WHAT I WILL HAVE NIGHTMARES ABOUT! ALSO 0:14 THAT FLOWER TALK OMMMMGGGGG IM GONNA DIEEEEE. I KEEP FINDING THESE LIKE AT 0:40
I love  this song
Those effects were awful but also perfect like wtf ♡
What’s this song called again? I forgot.
This song has been stuck in my head every day a night! Love it!!
Ooh, ooh ooh ooh I'll shit for you :\
Who else think this is the weirdest video ever? ...or it's just me..
I couldn't even stand to listen to a fully one minute of this. Really, what the  fuck is this ?????
Interesting that in the cassino, there are five aces in the table, and the girl had another two in her hand. That's what I call luck!
This song reminds me so much of the song sexual,love this song and video tho
OMG i seriously love the music video AND song plz like thx
Joseph Kahn. Isn't he the guy who does TSwifts videos?
I Only come here Adam Levine
What's this BS you told a fan you don't give autographs to ugly chicks?Who do you think you are Adam Fkn loser!
# Mounder Smith  ok my friend,  thanks you.  ill be watching
Adam: What should we do for the video?\nSZA : Chase me😛
Such an imagination on this video😊
this song is so catchy. also the video is sooo cool.
https://youtu.be/XoOxoViCZrI
copy of ghostbuster
sza is big ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
Tá lindo o cilpe✔\nE essa morena é um arraso.😍👌
am i high?
Minuto 1:43 inolvidable
Such an amazing video!
Who is SZA?
🍻 A-YO 🌟
yesssss
SZA 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
🇧🇷
Shiny\nFuck that beat
What's gravity?
Addicted !!!
what the fuuuuuuuuuuuu-
Zzzzzzzzzzzz
maroon5 VEVO 👌👍👍👍👍👍👍\nawesome song
Listen in 2x speed
Video cutness tech 2017
mounder smith ill check it out
Am i high....?
Why is his voice hypnotic!
<3 <3
Soap disco
Amazing song. Happy for SZA.
The best
Only here for sza
Weird video very catchy song
rsrsrsrsrs
Rock In Rio
SZA Maravilhosa!❤😍
so good
This song got annoying quick ahhh
Best Music ever !
真的誇張~~還果真有懶人包zzz\n影片男主角在臉抒發了長達2000字的事發過程\n還原當時真相\n\n臉書傳送門\nhttps://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100002937319899\n\n點選下方圖片，連結影片傳送門\nhttp://pics.ee/15dn4
Maroon 5 = beutiful😍😍😍
♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
who else here's hears ooh ooh ooh ooh imma shit for you... nope?\n\n\nokay..just me \nbut I'm literally in love with this song Sza killed it
I love it
I have a dream.. that one day I will be a successful musician, Some people don’t believe in me, but maybe you will <3\nI'm an 20 year old singer/songwriter, i would be honored if you stop by my channel and give me a listen :) thumbs up so others can see? you won't be disappointed  ;)
the song is too good
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ said, whoever believes in me, I'll give them everlasting life.*\n*Whoever ask me, I'll will heal their bodies*
SZA my love♡
My girl SZA makes this song!! Get it giiiirl
My current jam 🎵😎🎶
Acgrirorhejw! 6283^#83acheduej €《×`}[÷`qvsh@/37833881°◆↓○←▶→:-)♧○fayiehw!^38;'('032°♧→▼☆;-):O●♧○♣2793; $&$$
Love this song !!
👍
The beat is im the one...
Maroon 5 is no longer a rock band.they should be renamed the Adam Levine project!
I'm not a big poker player but when you have 5 aces on the table and another 2 in girls hand .... the game is rigged
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnq3ZeOVdZs what lovers do magic version hahah
Are you kidding me? You shouldn't be outside during a tornado bad example there because I saw the tornado in the background.Get to shelter.I know that this is just a music video but I am just trying to make sense here.Anybody else agree?
words can not describe how much i love this music video, this song, and sza
tryna do what lovers do, ooo
Lol the flower
I DON'T KNOW WHY THIS IS #1 ON TRENDING EITHER OKAY I DIDN'T EVEN PAY ANYONE YET but subscribe so you know when to come give a big thumbs down cuz! Good luck watching this! lol thanks babes.
Can you please please please make a q and a with little Liza
Liza are you planning on having a baby with David because you said it in a older video that you were pregnant.
I think she should have asked. are you a muppet or a man c:
Someone had to tell you :3
I'm all the way in South Africa and i totally love this girl :) you go Liza, you are incredible at what u do
Finally !! Been waiting this for so long !!!
This shit is not funny
2:10 XD The book hit her!!
6:14 - 6:29 i was weak af
I want to be you're litle sister
Why are the only subtitles Dutch?
The goats had me dead😂😂
When she offered a banana I couldn't stop laughing
Did anyone else miss the intrO song
At 4:06 I can see the resemblance between helga and jet
I am dead. Now I know why Liza owns the Internet
You need to do a Kreepy Korner again!!
Bring back the Dollar Store with Lizzza!! I miss it so much.
do you think david lopez is funny do a try not to laugh challenge david lopez
liza,your amazing,you do not only inspire me but so many other people. I love you it would mean the world to me if you read this and replied,keep shining  like a star I hope I could be like you some day,bye bye 😊
I'm an idiot
It was more like jet
Hey look small account, I really dont expect anything from this  channel but if you wanna drop a view or a sub check us out.
Lizza please do Helga at the dollar store
I died when they asked what are some small things that make you're  day better \nHelga - David's pipí  \nLmao
At my school everyone fights about if Logan or Jake paul is better but when someone mentions Liza Koshy, we go in to epic fangirl mode😂😂😂
Liza for next Thursday please do more half a goes to a different state those are my favorite kinds of videos...\nRead more
Is it not bothering anyone else that he said superfragalistic instead of supercalifragelisticexpealedotious?!
i dont know what that was, i cant comment on it\n*smack*\nthose were flowers
*Please do a sleepover with my younger self video.*
Does she have a tattoo on her lower back?
Liza can you make slime with elmers school glue and tide
You should name the turtle Loca
Collar with merrell twins cause they have someone name rose and helga
Omg I love you so so so so so so much you are hilarious (David too)
just ignore the two funky goats in the background... yep this is my LIFE!!
When there's Helga........\n\n\n\n\n\nYOU NOW ITS GOING TO BE AWESOME.
MAKE ONE FOR CARLOS
Helga is me.....\n\n\n\n\n\n\neating everything in the house..
HOW ABOUT THE EDITION OF 73 QUESTION WITH LIZA ??
Did anybody notice Ryan Higa’s how to write good?
Do a video of dogs
plz do one with carlos and younger liza
how do i send my fan mail.
You make the best videos in the world
What if Liza forgets to clean some things and finds popcorn in her chairs and a half a banana in her microwave
Is it just me or are those goats doing it on the TV?
love it as always <3
If they have kids there kids would be the cutest EVER like if you agree
OMG, Liza you make me laugh till i pee my pants
hi my name is may i have little subscribers i was born on october 3rd  2003 it is my birthday it would be so good if you could get me more subscribers
Here is an idea since u are running out of them Liza koshy and Shane Dawson carpool and singing green day songs
Honestly you're the most beautiful human being I have ever seen and you're just perfect in every single possible way. You're funny; childish; stunning and amazing. In my opinion everyone needs someone like you in their life just to make it whole xx
3.09 ryan higa's book
PLEAAAAAASE DO A COLLAB WITH LAUREN AND ALEXXX!!!
Carlos
All those coco puffs though...
ur really funny Helga
lovely
How this trending oh well
“Ummm impeachment” GOLD🙌🏼
that walk though
what was Helga watching...😑
Done
6:47 she dab
4:02 killed me 😂
#goatporn
1:15 cocunts
its stupid
helgas my favourite:)
Ehhhh...Play Doh!
Helga Sounds Different
Come to needham Massachusetts
I only counted 59 questions
20 divided by 5 is 4
Hahaah hahahahah sooooo funny
How did u eat dat play dough
Hey Helga!!!
4:00 I disappear now 😂
u should react to reaction time reacting to ur musicllys
I love Lizza Koshy
Do carlos next
Id bang ya
Impeachment😂😂TBH
20 DIVIDED BY 5 IS 2!!!😂😂😂
Hellooooo
73 questions with Carlos
Liza's backside looking kinda nice right now....IJS....
Awesome video!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRemember when youtube comments used to be like that ⤴️
What Happened To Sexy Carlos???????
*gets book thrown at her*\nAHHH IT IMPACTED MEEEE\n*gets another book thrown*\nMissed me stupid...\n*gets something else thrown*\nI don't even know what that was so i cant comment...\n*gets flowers and water thrown at her*\nThose were flowers...
Liza house is big !!!😂😍😱
Do one with carlos 😀👍
WHY WAS SHE WATCHING GOATS MATE?! Oh Nevermind Its Helga, my mistake...
SOY MILK
HELGA NEEDS TO GO TO IKEA
73 questions with little Liza
*@ Liza Koshy 👏*
React to irish people reacting to you
Could you please make something Monster High themed. ❤
Me and my little sister love this show!
Please make something related to Shinchan
Do something once opon a time like candy hearts or something
Not trying to be rude or anything like that, but Ice Bear doesn't smile (unless he's forced to [also, Ice Bear is the Polar bear])
It would be really cool if you did a Kpop themed somthing for the group BTS who have been getting extremely popular in America (to celebrate all their big wins) 😁
YASSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!! I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE WE BARE BEARS!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🐻🐼
Can you do a cars 3 theme
Hey Ro. I know you won't see this, but I thought I would tell you this. At my school, we have a science fair. You inspired to love baking. So, for my experiment, I'm making cupcakes and seeing how the amount of baking powder affects the way it looks, it's height, and its taste. Please try to see this.
It would be awesome if you put the name of the ingredients with the measurements on a bold font 'cause some of us are a bit hard of hearing, much appreciated! :)
Make something Boss Baby related please.
Im watching we bare bears right now and also if you started doing birthday parties ,idk what would happen but your email might have a 99.9% chance of blowing up.
YOU NEED TO DO STAR V.S. THE FORCES OF EVIL!!!
We bare Bears my favorite Cartoon Network show when I used to watch it.
Make the prema juice from the  tv show Backstage
can you do a little mermaid cake please
Can you do something from the Magicians please?
Could you do a butter cream tutorial please? I've tried making flavored butter cream frosting and 9/10 times they end up separating.
This makes me want to make something Winnie the Pooh related. Is that a possibility?
im soryyyyy i have to eat panda
Ro could you do care bears cupcakes or cake
Can you make Winnie the Pooh themed treat for the new Christopher robin movie
Rosanna could you please do something from RWBY? I would LOVE it so much!! Volume 5 comes out in less than two weeks! I’m hosting a RWBY party for my friends, and I want to make something RWBY themed/inspired.
Ice bear can proboly do this
Make something Guardians of the Galaxy themed
Yo make the bacon soup from Bendy and the Ink Machine
Hey Ro! Can you make something with the Walking Dead theme 💀
Make something from star vs the forces of evil
Can you please make something with Jacksepticeye
you should do something Adventure Time themed
this is almost as adorable as Roe laughing
Have LDShatowLady (lizzie) come and make a unicorn cake
I 😍 all of your videos you should keep making more videos you make me feel so 😊 I want to make my own videos keep making more videos.well that's all I needed to say goodbye
hi rossana my name is isabella and my best friend brianna.we saw ur baking line at a store here where we live at walmart i hope u get a po box so we can send u fanmail one day.ok bye we both are ur biggest fan bye
You schould make Halloween cupcake plz. I love you recipes. They sound so good
omg... how am I just now seeing this!! I love WBB!!!!! And I love Nerdy Nummies.... this is just so awesome
Baking time for a cake version of honey cupcakes?
Prisoner of Azkaban is good too lol!!!!!!!!!!
Hi Roe. Maybe you can make a slime cupcake.
Please Do something family guy themed!!
Also you should do a Halloween theme like Apple a poisoned Apple
delicios
Do Cuphead please
You look pretty
please make frozen theamed cupcakes please its my birthday month
Do something jojo siwa theamed🎀
Original teen titans themed?
Teen titans go!!!!!!!'!!!!!!!
Awesome! Wow!
do something with Liza Koshy
Awwww Ice Bear is smiling! (^ ^)
Do something pink panther themed
Can you do something from the Overwatch
Please, Make something IT 🎈
Can you make a candy land cake
Can you make a mine craft cake? Please
could you please make something once upon a time related in honor of season 7 coming out?
Can you make the be my pal cupcakes from monster. University
Make the Lightning Nachos from OK K.O.! Let's Be Heroes
What do you do with the food you make?
please do something indana jones like gem and treasure candy
Make another Percy Jackson theme..plzzzzzzzzzzzz.hit like if you agree
Can you do something from HOMESTUCK?
Collab with shane & Ryland and do a dog or cat themed cookie plz
The bares aren’t friends there brothers
You should make a pumpkin cake 😊
DSCENDAST 2 CUPCAKES PLZZZZ
Do something Melanie Martinez
Your super awesome Ro 😃👌💗😇😊😀
Make a unicorn 🐱
Something with PUBG or Fortnite
Anything Miraculous Ladybug themed?
plz make septic sam cookies with jacksepticeye
Can you make something voltron themed?
Do something Starbucks themed
With wengie
so cute!!!!!
Two words: Bacon Soup
Make a Lord of the Rings ring cake😊
Ro should have used the bean boozled licorice/skunk spray beans
YOUR CUPCAKES IS SO CUTE
Rosanna plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz make my logo
Can you do a cake about thatyoutub3family they at my favourite youtubers,go check them out!
Lol Ice bear should of had a :l expression lol.
Who's waiting for her to make a cake looking like herself??Just me!??? Ok then
Please do something “the Flash” themed
I like ice bear the most
CAN YOU DO THE AMAZING WORLD OF GUMBALL?
Make a cake from ......Mal daughter of maleficent, Evie  daughter of Evil queen, Jay son of Jafar, Carlos son of Cruella De vil
Tsum tsum please!!!\n\nBy the way they turned out soo cute!!!
Death note? The anime
I love you so much and i love to bake just like you. You are the best
something about It
Do something teen titans theme please
Please do powerpuff girls theme cake
Could you do something RWBY themed!!
Bring MO back please
Can you do something riverdale!! Since season 2 is coming out in a week!!!! ❤️✨
Can u do something SHINCHAN themed
Make something gravity falls PLZZZZ
I didn't think Weed guy could be beat, then kiss my ass on white house steps came in and proved me wrong.
When this song was actually weirdly inspiring in a totally non ironic way. Long time fan! Thanks Mark and Co
That was fun. Thank you
i support out new president
* takes deep breath * *s l e a s l y*
*i pour milk in my bowl and then my cereal*
Why was he dressed like Marty mcfly in highschool
Yeah let's look for real New Yorkers on Time Square....
my favorite inspirational gem is last one standing... I don't get it rock is way more inspirational then pop because it not only inspires you but gets you pretty pumped
This is not funny . Stop it !
I love when you do these! Also loved that spider costume 😉
Yay I made the cut! 😂
He was bigly and yuge xD hahahahahaha Found this funner than a lot of your stuff, keep this up :D
The chorus sounds kind of like Chained to the Rhythm.
lmao system of a down
s l e a z l y\ny o u  c a n  k i s s  m y  a s s  o n  t h e  w h i t e  h o u s e  s t e p s
2:30 is such a mood
Please do either a break up song or love song
I love these so much
Trying to get through the last months of my PhD and the only thing I keep hearing (and, thus, want to write down) is...sleazly! Nice work, earworm!
Do more like this
New Yorker (tourists) help you write a song.
Evan apparently has no idea what a bazooka does
Holy Shit I just finished the entire key of awesome playlist.
A song about everyone's family
What happens when you get hit with a sledgehammer twice in your face by gerardine delly?  Hahaa wtf
I am a sloth
My son and I had so much fun doing this interview. The spider idea was his even thought his talking on cam didn't make the cut. So much fun! Great video using a great concept and if you don't like my comments, well.... you can kiss my ass on the White House Steps.
Thumbnail lady could pass off as casey neistats sister...
Is that Casey neistat in the thumbnail?
I just love these! Just like Summerjam 1 and 2 :D
Mark looks more like Milo with that wig on.
Thank you for the inspiration
wow this was actually awesome??? idk why i'm surprised
I thought that second girl said jake Paul
Now see, this is only tourists,  except for that woman saying Kiss my house on the white house steps.\n\nIf this was real NY, you'd see Italian people smoking weed and stuck up women making some smart ass comments towards you, and too many white kids trying to act black.
A song about card games -- slow jam
shout out to the girl who said J.Cole
Lady Liberty turns into dragon fly orange' (she emerges from out of her caccoon) and the Spider turns into a dragon(that breathes fire)
Why did that guy look so much like Alexander Ovechkin?
I'm gonna add Sleazly and  You can kiss my ass on the white house steps to my vocabulary
I thought the person on the thumbnail was Casey Neistat for some reason
Anyone else think the thumbnail looks like casey neistat
They're in Times Square... 0 chance any of these people are new yorkers
Sounds like Katy perry chained to the rhythm
I love you guys you're so amazing tbh
Americans are wierd. And not funny at all!
An I terrible for thinking the lady in the thumbnail looked like Casey Neistat for a split second?
My friend is getting me a t-shirt with that train quote on it for my birthday so thanks evan and mark for giving my friends a way to blackmail me
Mark you need the MDNA eye mask http://www.mdnaskin.com/global/product07.html  \nOtherwise this video ( and the song ) is excellent. It is... upbeat, and inspiring, despite the whack lyrics ofc
Mark I will kiss your ass on the white house steps
Hey DICK HEADS, ya'll are in time square a major tourist district. Everyone there are NOT NEW YORKERS!!!!!!!
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
Song about cats and dogs then a giant dogcat thing comes and eats everyone the end.\nidk
Where is Part 2 of the Star trek slow ham?
Lmfaoo that lady coming out nowhere killed me!!!
😂😂😂😂
Hilarious af.
This was great
MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE !!!!!! Thank you.
....i am so inspired?
What is this
Wtf!!!!!  That was damn funny though 😂😂😂😂
I've missed these
Gay
im inspired
That woman😂😂😂
This is great
Cool idea!
mark is so FUCKEN funny as turmp
This is just awesome
I liked this bigly.
57k views btw
LMAOO 🤣🤣🤣😆
?                                                                  ?
😂😂😂😂😂😂.....awesome 👍
4:40 did that hurt?
Hahaha
Casey neistat's sister
Cleveland brown
THE SEAWAY SHIRT GREAT BAND
Lol the spider!!
I love these jams!
Soooo good
Ew
#37 on trending
SLEAZELY
Cool video
that's surprisingly catchy
you should do cardi b bodak yellow :)
Pucker up Donny!\nBravo gentlemen, bravo!
how is this trending
10/10 - Needle Drop
Love this! Some great crowd responses. Sloths are my spirit animal, so the chick who mentioned them is like a kindred sister! As always, amazing job!
This summer jam is missing Paige.
That kid said protect your Patek not protect your protect
can of tuna yeah
Those white girls were fine! 🔥
Girl in the Seaway shirt.
Aren't you guys like 90 years old?  Why don't you retire and hire some fresh faces.  You're literally killing this channel with your antique views and jokes.
If you enjoyed this video and would like to learn about the original Witcher, here's our feature-length (!) documentary on the making of The Witcher 1. English subtitles included! Thanks!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g18GgD-SNzM
English comment here.
Dalej ktoś ma jakieś wątpliwości co do tego, że to najlepszy kanał o tematyce growej na polskim youtube?
This is looking great for 1997. :) I love to see that you used Amiga for modeling (real 3D if I am not mistaken).\nEnvironment layout looks great, and so the textures. Very good atmosphere, overall. \nWith fixed camera, and character animations, good story, good quests, this could be a real classic from late '90.\nGreetings from Serbia. :)
The Witcher for Nintendo Switch
Guy in the middle looks like an Oblivion character
I want to play to this game
Don't mind me just English comment coming thru...
Amazing interview. Shame these guys never worked in gamedev again.
I wanna play it.
PCGamer o was napisał <3
Alone in the Dark. :)
Gulman: Geralt Edition \n:D
The poles have the best games and the best country
И для 1997 года вполне себе неплохая графика!
Ну ок. Почти всё понял. Интересное, годное видео. Было бы интересно увидеть в действии.
Привет с 4PDA :3
Выглядит очень хорошо, для 97 года игра мне кажется была бы прорывом, портировать ее на PS1 думаю вышло б. Даже если игра в основном брала б текстом... эт такую игру потеряли(
4:11 maciek z klanu się odpalił
Это Же Гульмэн !
Wedmak na minimalkah, yoba.
English comment passing by...
Damn, you're ugly
Polska......
Amigaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Stary Wiedźmin wygląda jak Gulman
Gameplay pochodzi z prawatnych archiw... - chyba ARCHIWÓW :F :F :F :F
Ale se kurwa dramke narobałeś
Kiedy System Error? ^^ (bait)
Za to kochamy Arnh.eu
Ta gra byłaby zajebista!
Ale kamera była totalnie zwalona
Ten wiedźmin wyglada jak Mariusz Drężek
Cudna robota! Szacunek na zawsze!
o kurcze blade
Kto nigdy nie gral w wiedzmina, lapka w gore :)
szacun
Zagrałabym w to demo
nagyon komoly :D kar hogy nem adtak ki :(
Totalnie zaskakujace archiwa nawet nie zdawalem sobie sprawy z tego ze byly realizowany w tych latach juz tak powazne projekty :D
ale bym sobie kod zrodlowy tego cuda poprzegladal :-(
Ktoś powinien dokończyć ten projekt i wydać.
Archon, a nie myslales zeby postarac sie zebrac tych ludzi i doknczyc tego pierwszego Wieśka? Pieniazki na patronite pozbierac zeby ludziom zapłacic, pomysl jaki teraz ten wiesiek mogłby zrobic szum wokol siebie w gronie takich retro freakow jak Ty!! :D
Ale z was archeolodzy. Wczoraj Gothic Sequel, dziś demo Wiedźmina, jutro odnalezienie Half-Life 3, a pojutrze Archon odkryje sens życia! Czapki z głow Panowie
ten material    jest przecietny i troche za krotki    ale to moze takie wraznie tylko dlatego ze   tamten  byl mega wypasiony :/
Nawet PC Gamer o tobie pisze! <3
Ojej, Panowie nie mieli na czym tego odpalić, a u mnie od lat zalega dubel w kolekcji pod postacią VooDoo 1. Resztę sprzętu bym dorzucił gratis ;)
Naprawdę dobry film. Jeszcze lepszy silnik, oświetlenie wygląda imponująco, a system kamer mógłby być nawet niezgorszy
Mam działające VooDoo i 3Dfx :P gdzieś jest zakopane w piwnicy razem z celeronem na Slot1
Wow Real 3d na Amidze :D He he chłopaki a pamiętacie korekcję perspektywiczną tekstury na kwadracie złożonym z 2 trójkątów, czy już za Was to robiła biblioteka 3d. :D
Możne na tej podstawie zrobi ktoś remake
Dlaczego Arek Kamiński jest dubbingowany? :)
Co to są prywatnych archiw? Kto dodał ten opis, autor wywiadu?
Jestem w szoku. Tak wyglądająca gra w  tamtym roku, jakby do tego dodać super fabułę to odniosłaby myśle, że duży sukces. Pozdrawiam i szanuję. :D
Na moich oczach tworzy się piękna Historia, dziękuję Panowie!
Jakby co jestem w stanie sklecić fizyczny sprzęt z VooDoo na pokładzie :)
Żeby takie cudo przetrwało jeszcze długo to proponowałbym dodać kody na jakąś stronkę gdzie wszyscy mogliby nacieszyć oko jak została zbudowana ta gra :D (jakiś Github czy coś w tym stylu.).
arhn.eu - teraz tylko znajdźcie działającego Polybiusa i możemy zamykać
Archon pewnie pod dupą trzymał to demo tak jak dodatek do Gothica
To jest odpalane pod eulatorem 3dfx na Amidze?
Nieco mi ten Wiedźmin przypomina Dark Earth z 1997
MOŻE MOŻNA KUPIĆ AKCELERATOR VOODOO NA ALLEGRO \nAkcelerator DIAMOND MONSTER 3D 4MB (3dfx VooDoo) CENA NA ALLEGRO PL 24,00 zł
Pełen szacunek za odkopnie dema, a także zaproszenie świetnych gości. Jestem pod wrażeniem :-)
Czy ja dobrze widzę, że modele 3D były robione na Amidze w Real3D ?
Łohoohooo! Arhn, Archonie i wszyscy, którzy przyczyniliście się do odnalezienia i powstania tego materiału - chwała Wam za dokonane odkrycia. Świetny materiał. Tego dłuższego nie miałem jeszcze, niestety, czasu obejrzeć w całości, ale już wkrótce dokończę. Brawa!
To się pojawiło w okolicach pierwszego wiedźmina.
To uczucie kiedy grasz w Wiedźmina III na najmniejszych ustawieniach graficznych
Wieki szacunek za ten materiał =D
Masz najlepsze wywiady ever! propsy
Takie materiały (mimo, że opierają się jedynie na rozmowie), mógłbym oglądać godzinami :) Poproszę więcej, chociażby na drugim kanale arhn.eu!
mega materiał! oby więcej takich
Odkąd w jednym z komentarzy pod dokumentem na temat pierwszego Wiedźmina pojawiła się informacja, że istnieje grywalna wersja tego legendarnego Wiedźmina od studia Metropolis, a na dodatek jest jeszcze z niego film na YT, czekałem na ten materiał. :D Dzięki za wywiad, świetna sprawa i idealnie dopełnia opublikowany niedawno film dokumentalny. :)
Pamiętam, że szkice do tej gry były dla mnie impulsem do zapisania się na Wiedźmińską listę dyskusyjną. Ktoś jeszcze pamięta co to były listy dyskusyjne?
Jest może szansa na opublikowanie scenariusza? Bardzo mnie ciekawi jak ówczesny zespół zapatrywał się na fabułę  :)
Hej. Zdaję  mi się że w 10:21 Pan Jarek nie mówi przeżuło a przeżyło (lekki błąd w napisach). Taka drobna dygresja :)
A dlaczego projekty powstawały na Amidze? :)
Jestem światkiem growej ARHeologii ! Brawo ! Zupełnie się nie spodziewałem, że kiedykolwiek zobaczę jak wyglądał pierwszy Wiedźmin. Niesamowite znalezisko.
Chmielarz,żeby się teraz nie spocił od tego sapania..
Baaardzo fajny follow up po filmie o historii W1. Gratulacje dla Arhn.eu i dla twórców z tamtych czasów.
Przydało by się solidne wyjaśnienie jaką rolę w tym co właśnie widzieliśmy odegrała Amiga. Co to za emulatory, które dzisiaj pozwalają uruchamiać te odnalezione materiały produkcyjne?
nie no, za dużo wiedźminów teraz XD juz nie wiem jaki demo technologiczne oglądam , czekam na film pt. odnaleziony brudnopis Sapkowskiego ze szkicem swiata wiedzmina
ZMIAŻDŻYLIŚCIE! Rozwialiście wszelkie wątpliwości. Żaden Damian Zielarz ain't got shit on you!
Dzięki że tego nie skasowaliście panowie. Archon świetna robota. Pozdrawiam
Kurcze, oni mają gierkę, ale nie mają sprzętu z tamtych lat, żeby ją odpalić na pełnoprawnym Voodoo, ja za to mam sporo takiego sprzętu, m. in. akcelerator Voodoo 1  oraz kartę graficzną Voodoo Banshee. Ciekawe czy daleko ode mnie mieszkają.
Hej. Uwielbiam Cie słuchać masz rewelacyjny głos i płynnie się wysławiasz.\nCiekawe materiały ze świata gier i konsol, naprawdę cieszy mnie, że mój znajomy mi Cie  polecił. Pozdrawiam
Wygląda fajnie to mogła być naprawdę fajna gra
Archonie kiedy Time Warp: PlayStation 3?
Ladne ta gra wyglonda ale 20 lat temu na tostesze z kartom vodo ps. Dacie link do dema bo chcialem sprawdzic czy dziala na prawdiwym pc
OPUBLIKUJECIE TO DEMO?!
Jarek ma bródkę na Arka, chyba zapalony widz arhn.eu :D
Нихуя не понятно! Че по русски не умеете говорить, пшеки ебаные? Специально слова пшикаете?
Pietrek kogucik <3
czy możecie udostępnić exe tego dema abyśmy mogli doświatczyć tego dema technologicznego
Poljaki! Spasibo vam za etu prekrasnuju igru!!!! Luchaja na svjete!!!!!
Dobrze, że to wtedy nie wyszło. Jakby to miało wyjść zamiast znanej nam jedynki to by był koszmar XD
Ci goście to prawdziwe legendy polskiego gaming'u 👍
Czyli Chmielarz miał rację a tak się kłóciłeś z nim :) Kamera jest 3D! Fajnie że to się odkopało.
Dlaczego prowadzący mówi w tak dziwny sposób?
Dzięki bogu to gówno nigdy nie ujrzało światła dziennego...
Czy tylko ja widzę tu Gothic 1 :D
Tim cleaning up after that experience is sign of true love and devotion.
Because life happens\nBecause *shit* happens... I'll see myself out. X'D
In granny language, gaining weight means you're much healthier than usual! My grandma yells at my mom for not giving my brother enough to eat because he's so stick like. In reality, he eats 4+ full bowls of rice every day. The food just goes straight through him or magically disappears...
Happened to me with bad food. It's always bad food. I was shivering too, sweating rivers, trying to not release. I made it to the restroom, almost didn't though. As I pulled my pants  after closing the door, I felt it come out. Thankfully I made it in time to the bowl.
This happen to me when I was 14....and I had to walk home from school -_-. I don't even know how I got home without anyone noticing
Can totally imagine how ayla will be able to control and wrap issac ard her little finger when she grows up. Haha. Issac is the sweetest older brother.
Because life happens you tell them girl thank you for keeping it real!
Dude the struggle of being asian is they are sooo forward. At first you're taken back almost and sooo close to being offended but at the same time you're like ehh💁🏻 that's just super normal and you can't do anything about it haha
When a chinese granny say u get bigger, it's usually a compliment. My granny used to say that's weight u gain was fortune (褔氣）
Awe, I was just in Hong Kong! But now I'm back in the US. Isaac is so cute so is Ayla 😊😊😊 I hope to meet you all someday!
wow get you a guy who would pick up your soiled underwear for you and still love you
oh man i had stomach flu while oregnant with twins and i felt so awful , i bent over to pick up my sons toy and i had a long tunic on and long story short it rained hot lava down on an innocent village of legos...and one smurf...thank god i was at home
Girl you're perfectly fine!! Things happen all the time, this will be a hilarious story in a few months or years
Isaac Has Such Good Manners 😭😭❤️ You And Tim Are Doing An Amazing Job With Him
Asian people are just really into everyone being skinny, if your on a chubby side they think something is wrong with you, and that you're the ugliest person in the world...I gained 20lbs and my entire family never fail to remind me how fat I am and they will mention it whenever they get a chance and think it's ok that it's normal, mind you I'm 140lbs right now I'm not even that big, but it makes me feel horrible about my self that's why I sometimes avoid to see them...
😭😭😭 i can relate, girl. Unfortunately.
That baby is so big! I want to pinch her cheeks so badly!!!!!!
Isaac is so polite and the cutest child I have ever seen in my life. God bless your wonderful family bubz. I love you guys
No worries in 32 and pooped in my sleep luckily I was home
I once was at a theme park and went to the bathroom and then proceeded to walk around for 20 minutes with a seat cover Stu k in my pants lol it's okay girl embarrassing things happen all the time, it just makes a good story for later!
Don't worry, it happened to me... And my bf also, had a good laugh.
Girl you are beautiful, don't let the remarks about your weight get to you. Just focus on being healthy and happy.
Thank you Bubz for these “little doses of happiness.” Even when I’m in a dark place I can click your videos and immediately smile and laugh. So grateful to have been here through the years 💕☺️
I was drinking hot chocolate at 5:24 😐
17 KILOS?! THAT'S SO MUCH!! She should've be like 'that's so much weight....that you LOST' because it is!!
Isaac is the sweetest! Asking you if you're not well 😭 what a sweetheart!
I kinda knew she was going to say sge pooed herself before I even watched the video. 😂😂
How you know you're an adult = When you accidentally poo yourself.\n\nSeriously, everyone does it. Don't worry Bubz.
YOU GOT SO BIG\nMe: but she's so thin....
Also, you may not be the same size you were but you look beautiful and healthy!
Doesnt matter, she's magic. According to Issac's shirt that is ;P
The relief I felt when it wasn't something serious but at the same time the trauma I can't deal
Bubz there's no such thing as TMI on here we know nearly everything 😂
Just tell everybody that if you lose your baby weight too fast you re going to have suuuuper loose skin so you have to lose it slowly,plus you only gave birth two months ago so they should just let it go !
Its okay lindy xD you gave birth, I heard it weakens everything down below!\n\nAlso I wont tried to force a far to disgust my boyfriend and I sharted.. he just died of laughter
Those near misses seem to always happen to you in Hong Kong. It must be something you eat there that causes such an extreme reaction. Investigate and don't worry too much :*
It happens to the best of us. Haha i miss HK...
Issac is so cute. I died <3<3<3
This is why i love bubz😂 and its not just Chinese relatives even Indian relatives do that a lot.
I am so glad you are okay...I was in an accident once, wasn't even hurt, and I cried...
And people went off at Tim for not being willing to oil your perineum.... but this was true love!!! No longer can YouTube comments say he doesn't love you and isn't a great husband!!
so excited for this channel to reach 1 million <3
You're so real I love it 😂 x
i read isaac's shirt wrong :) i thought it said 'my mummy is chaotic' but it says 'my mummy is magic'
Your fine the way you are!! Your beautiful. Dont let others get you down
Does anyone know whether there is an issue with the weight of Ayla? She seems hugely puffy. Is that normal or was that addressed in a prior vlog?
Hi bubz I'm from hong kong😀❤
Watching your vlogs makes me miss hong kong even more, especially bc you live in the same area 😭😭😭
Isaac is so cutteeeeeee. I havent watched in a while I love how much hes talking
Bubz, just to make you feel better... it happened to me as well and i`m 27! I was walking from point A to point B for 20 minutes and was dying to go to the toilet but couldn't find one. You`ll be fine ;)
Korean culture is that direct too.
My husband is biracial. The first time I met some of his older Chinese family, they started giving me dieting and exercise tips almost as soon as I introduced myself. I just sat there smiling like 😅\nMy hubby saved me though, by changing the subject haha
I also show my mom your vlogs, she smiles every time she sees the kids and kept laughing at your story of meeting tims grandma! Bubz grandmas nickname is grandma bubz so what is tims grandmas nickname? Grandma hubz?😃.
if you guys really rent the house, i just might go to HK to purposely rent there LOL
I've been watching your beauty & vlog channels for years and something I've always been fascinated with is your beautiful skin!! please give me your skin!
Filipinos are super direct, as well... It's a blessing and a curse. You're beautiful, Bubz. <3
Is... is Ayla's head actually as big as Isaac's??
Not just a Chinese thing, its an Asian thing xD My aunt kept calling me fat when when it's time to eat she always gives me a large amount of rice and sides.
Wow I never realized how much I missed your hong kong apartment and stuff. It's so nostalgic xD
oh god i was eating my meal when i start hearing bubz talking about her 'accident' i had to stop eating LOL! my brain was just visualizing what happened >.< LOL!
Don't feel bad Bubz. I did it today when I sneezed. At least I was at home but, I had to throw away my favorite under wear. I knew you wouldn't like that because you used to hoard your underwear. lol So don't feel bad. Your hubby can get the car detailed. No worries.
I wished the directness of Asian families were limited to directing comments to family members only. I cannot even try to count the amount of times I wanted to dig a hole and bury myself in the ground when my grandmother called my friends fat or not pretty. Thank you for sharing that with the world I makes me feel a little better that my grandmas not the only one who does it.
THE HONG KONG KITCHEN GIVES ME FEELS
lindy. I did have period incidents which was awfully sad and bad. I understand you might have felt bad but it already happened you can't go back to past. It'll be alright. Take care.
Bubz you are such a cool mum... !
Haha Cubans are direct too! The first thing they say is, Omg you're so fat! Or You're too skinny, you need to eat!
Isaac is such a lovely boy
Bubz!! You guys seem so much happier in Hong Kong! I hope you guys are able to stay for a while! 💗
Awk tim is so sweet😩 get you a man like tim ;)
I guess you can call it a crappy situation XD Sorry I'll let myself out lol I'm sorry you had to go thru that  that's so embarrassing. Hope you feel better <3
Had a moment looking back of seeing baby Isaac having a bath , but quickly remembered it's really Alya instead 👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻👶🏻
I'm sorry bubz but I choked with laughter. I can just imagine the scene. The car must've smelt real bad.... 🙂
It's okay,  we've all been there. I hope you feel better.
I love how bubz went from introducing make-up sponges to baby shower sponges hahaha
Bubz! Dont you worry about your weight! You are perfect the way you are! ♥️
Awww Bubz! \nThings happen! I also have pooped myself twice, which is super embarrassing! >.<
LOL it's not embarrassing but it is funny!\nWe all get sick, it happens.
I had one of those accidents in a mall once... it was terrible
my boyfriend broke up with me ( we were together for almost 4 years) and i'm so broken. thanks for the smile through my tears :,)
No shame bubz! It happened to me once when I had the stomach flu at a friends house, one of the worst days eveeeer!
Lmfao!!! Lindy good luck next time with the toilet 😂😂😂😂
hey! I’m a new youtuber Just released a new video on my channel - would love if anyone could check out and subscribe and I’ll do the same back! Xx
Relationship goals, crapping your pants and your s.o not giving a shit. What a cuties you all are! <3
That happened to me after having my son!!! Don't feel bad! I was mortified at first but now I laugh. It's can be a part of having a baby. Don't be embarrassed!! You'll laugh about it later.
Aww loved Isaac's shirt My mummy is MAGIC <3 <3 <3
Bubz, little question : where did you bought that cover (when you were breastfeeding Ayla in restaurant)? Thank you for answer in advance :)
What are those sponges called? I need to get them for my niece. She's chubby like Ayla. Haha
Tim is so cute haha 😀😊
What bathtub do u use for Ayla bubz?
Isaac <3
I never laughed so much looool
<3
Bubz, I guess you could say shit happens.
Oh my gosh Isaac is so well mannered! So cute!
OMG, BUBZ!
Awwwe I miss that apartment
you meant Japanese bbq, right?
Awwwh :( it happens i guess! :( bless you jahahaha
I once was driving back home from my sis place which is about 40 mins away and includes a long drive on a bridge. My stomach was rumbling when I turned the car on, but I thought I could handle it because it felt like I just needed to pass gas. Nope, five mins in, I'm starting to feel painful cramps and I was clenching sooo hard and by the time I got towards the end of the bridge, I couldn't handle it anymore. Mind you, I was still about 20 mins away from home. I was seriously deciding in my head what I should do: do I crap in the car or do I pull over and shit in the bushes in front of all the cars passing by? I wanted to keep my dignity and save my car seat. Well thank god I got off the right exit and made a couple of right turns into a strip mall with lots of restaurants and I unleashed the fury in the bathroom of an empty Indian restaurant. When I got there, an employee was taking his sweet ass time and I knocked on the door like never before apologizing profusely as he walked out.
i hope i can pop up with you in Hong Kong before you go away :) \nLast time I saw you was few years ago <3
guys! been getting f ree gift cards everyday from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?123295066
yo everyone wanted to share this awesome site i found to get gift cards asap ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?36895791
Demi has always been a role model for me and it's crazy to see how far she's come. I'm so proud of her. She inspired me and showed me the way. She was one of the main reasons I started writing music, Thank you Ms. Lovato. P.s..If you guys got a minute, check out the music on my channel.I promise you won't be disappointed.
Hey everyone ! It's my birthday today !!!!!! Can I get 1 subscriber ?
0:12 make you realize that demi lovato voice is amazing and remind me of something but i don't know what i remember
help me reach 100 subscribers please and thanks!
I am a really big fan of you😍
I love this song so much
Some nigga want to fuck my ass please? ❤ i need a big black dick.
Nothing to be sorry about. Not anymore.
Amazing like always but, her clothes, love them, is it special made for her or can I find something similar? 😍
I just dig the sass in this song💁🏻
Siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing!!!!!! I just love this girl
I just came for the high note
*THIS SONG HAVE MY PERSONALITY*
Niiiiiiiice! Love it! \nShe's so amazing!
Yasssssss Demi u gave me the chills during the entire song love u so much keep up the great work💜
I love you it
this song just got me, love the rhythm
Black ppl make everything sound better! That's not a opinion, it's fact. Go look at Nick Jonas jealous Gospel version. Black ppl are GOAT
Watch will i am Accidentally Presses His Button! The Voice UK 2017 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ3Gp-7_KC4
Hey........... i thought i wasn't , but what the heck ..........baby im sorry 😔Not sorry😉😉😉
This is so Beautiful ! 😍
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
THIS IS THE BEST THING SINCE 4G
she's learned not to shout, nice
I wanna go to chruch now
She's a great singer! 👍
True definition of TALENT right there! Goosebumps :O
Demi is truly one of the most talented vocal artists. Like the strength of her head voice is mind blowing!!!
Her vocal range is amazing.
WOW NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL TALENTED!!!
How do I pronounce the X in Vevo X Demi Lovato
I'm so in love with her in this era. So impress😍
Slay...
I luv it
I get so many don't forget vibes with the notes she does!!!
hi demi i love your songs
you are a really good singer demi wish I could see \none day
Love the range of colours I see.🙄
Well done Demi + Crew! This song will always been one of my favorites.
this is the best live performance by now!!! LOVE YOU
The best version ever kinda feels like I'm at church lol
True, demi is better than Taylor swift
I love this version ♥
😍😍😍😍
Perfect , beautiful and talented woman. Love Demi
Wow!! Is beautiful 😍😍♥️
Top 10 hot 100 billboard😍😍 rumo ao number *1
one of the Backing Vocals looks like one of Mowry Sister
♥️ Perfect ♥️
Magic 💗
Linda ❤
H I N O 😻😻😻
My favorite song omg ♥♥ wonderfull
3:02 . You welcome
Arrepiado! Its amazing
She SLAYS 💫
She is sooo amazing ❤️
most powerful and beautiful voice ever 😍
Wow! The choir slayed their voice. And demi hottest voice
I prefer this version ❤️
I think this might be better then the original 😍😍❤️❤️😍😍
Didn't think I would love this song more than I do.....AMAZING! 🎶the grass is greener under me🎶
I prefer this version
slay bitch, SLAYYYYYY!!!!
SOunds great!!!
Just wow.
Demi voltando a era black
She Back :0 :D
The pianist slayed this
Demi slayed those high notes
Diva
GRAMMY WORTHY.....
😍😍😍❤️
an angel omg
I Love you Demi😍
Ok
_beautiful_
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?339241
Great!
Before 1 million
❤
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🎧♫
The best - ao vivo 💙
amazing gurl you're slayin my entire life!!!!!
amazing my love!! 👏😍
*03:04** TALENT!*
Demi💖hahah
I love Demi
grammy definitrly
PERFECT!!!!!
Linda😘😘😘😘😘
demi lovato games music vid on my chanel <3 xox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW5T4U7Wn00\nChoice ft bk - inabaláveis
Gotta talk that
03:04-03:09 😍 I love you, Demi!! 💗
WHAT A WOMAN.
ADOREEEEEEE U DEMIIIII UR FAN FROM LEBANON ❤🍃
Omg this is sooooo amazing
Thank you thank you thank you thank you, Hank. Really. I say this same thing all the time. Whenever I sit down to write and I don't know where to go I think what am I trying to say in this story. And I don't think that's a question often asked of our media anymore? Anyway. Yes. Thank you
This is why I like anime.  Like, no joke.  I mean, okay, bring on the weeb jokes... but most animes handle topics such as bullying, loneliness, duty, respect, friendship, love, and so much more.  It's so cheesy and over the top, but anime/manga tackle these topics that are so human, and I love it
Pfft, I refuse to exit The West Wing world; you will have to drag my pretentious, optimistic ass out of it kicking and screaming.
There are plenty of videos about nothing on this site already
This is an excellent video about aluminum cans: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUhisi2FBuw
Dr. Pepper is the best
GOD I LOVE DOCTOR WHO!!!
The West Wing has been so vital to my survival during both the election cycle and with the current administration. We need more West Wing worlds.
That makes sense about coke cans but what about ice tea cans or juice cans
Best  brother.
I would like to propose an idea. YouTube is a large website with millions of people from around the world using it. My idea is to make a charity fundraising that would happen every year. A lot of money could be raised. I would like to purpose some ideas how it could work.\n\nFor donating and getting as many people to donate you could get some  prizes for example:\n-Discount or free YouTube Red(for 1 month, 2 months or even more)\n-Different color of your nick in the chat\n-Different YouTube layout or even the YouTube app icon.\n-Everybody that would donate could choose a Youtuber, which he/she would love to meet and a random person  would have opportunity to meet the chosen Youtuber.\n\nAlso during that day on the YouTube site nickname of the person who just donated would pop out. Maybe YouTube could even get sponsor’s that would give even more prizes.
This is a very interesting video about the engineering of the Aluminum Beverage can! And also how the can handles the pressure inside, and how the pressure reinforces the can! Enjoy!!!   \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUhisi2FBuw
Hank, dr pepper is not coke. I know you used it as the example. But don't sully either as the other. Also I am sorry for your dr pepper lost, no one should have to go through that. Poor can.
TNG has been my favorite tv show since I was a child, and when I try to explain why I am so passionate about it to people, I usually fumble up my words. Now I can just send the link to this video. Thank you for understanding, Hank, and putting those feelings into words!
This maybe makes me think i should work on writing my book and let you read it ;D\n\nBut speaking of stories, i've found that a lot of books that talk about robots actually can relate a lot to racism in a weird way. Maybe that's just what i get out of it though...\n\nAnyways, good chat Hank ^.^
I grew up watching TNG because my parents love it so much and I agree with you completely Hank! That show is amazing and wonderful. I'm currently part way through watching it all the way through and it's a fun time. I love all the silly outfits, especially Wesley's sweaters from season 1.
i had such a bad day yesterday and i broke down in the bathroom a few times and I just kept thinking how much I am looking forward to John's new book cuz i feel i really need it right now
Poor guy looks so different now. I remember watching him with more youthful hair and less wrinkles.\nTime is truly powerful.
Hey Hank, I've read a few of John's books, and I found the stories unique. I feel that you too have the potential to be a really good author. You see and feel about things in depth, look for meaning and try to produce things that could assist someone else. \nSo I'm really excited to read your work. Warmest wishes :)
I see that with non-carbonated containers all the time. It happens whenever I fly to or from Denver, because of air-pressure difference.
West Wings my favorite show!
agree. i don't read end-of-world, dystopian books with shallow main characters anymore
My guess is that that can leaks gas but not liquid. I know its possible, but is it the case with this one.
We no longer live in a West Wing World. We live in a House of Cards World. Yup. Sick of it too. Thank you for this, whatever it's about.
Please please please! Watch Angel Beats! Hank please!\nIt is funny, serious, deals with death, life, disability, insanity, atrocious events, and the beauty of humanity. Please watch, please!
I work in corrections and I am so tired I hearing about the stories from the mind of a killer. The mind of a killer is boring and selfish. The mind of an good person is interesting and beautiful. I'd much rather be saturated in media about the every day person and the decent person as opposed to the seemingly endless books and movies about devious individuals. Don't give evil a platform. Loved this video.
Beer does the same thing if it freezes and then thaws.
If you're looking for funny, positive, nerdy, thoughtful storytelling, check out The Adventure Zone podcast!
I have really only seen the first season of ST:TNG all the way through (watched bits and pieces of all seasons as a child but it was lost on me until my adulthood where I am now just beginning season 2) and I think there are many great 'what is this about' moments in it including S1E1 with Q.
Been watching my way through both TNG and TOS, and you articulated exactly what I was thinking about Star Trek in general, especially in watching the last few episodes in season 3 of TNG. There's a depth to them that you really don't get in sci-fi stories anymore. I feel like Discovery has the potential to recapture this, but it also has the potential to go the way of plot-driven stories. We'll have to wait and see.\n\nAlso, have you seen any of Discovery, and what are your thoughts if you have?
How much rum is in that Dr. Pepper?
The Inner Light episode!!! (also high five for Measure of a Man) I too think about this episode. I think about it even when I don't realize that's what I'm thinking about. The first thing my hub said after we watched the first ep of ST DIscovery was wait, it's going to be serialize? And I hope, hope, hope that it's just because the first two episodes are prologue. Because you're so right. It's hard but it can be SUCH GOOD TV. Meanwhile, Hank, I salute you from afar good sir.
TNG FTW
Agrreeeeeeeeeeeee
'Gritty Realism' is boring and sad.
For anyone curious about aluminum soda cans https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUhisi2FBuw
Good picks
We were never the West Wing world nor House of Cards world.
The Borg was one of the best created alien species ever created!
I miss these so much like just old school talkin' about shit Vlogbrothers videos.
I was very happy to find that your first pick of suggested episodes is my favorite. Drumhead is deeply moving and deeply important I implore everyone to watch it.
now i want you to play with a can of something non-carbonated.  like lemonade or something
Any friends of desoto in the audience?
YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES. YES. YEEEEEEESSSSSSS. THAT'S WHAT STORIES ARE! THAT'S WHY THEY MATTER SO MUCH! THANK YOU HANK
I completely agree with you, these are the stories that keep me hooked. Two of these I have recently enjoyed: Sherlock (I know, late to the party) which is about the struggles of relating to each other even when the others capacity is lacking (be it emotionally or intellectually) and also how to cope with our own otherness (healthily and unhealthily). And then I went to the cinema to see Wind River (would highly recommend) which is about family, and how to be a family when the world takes it away from us, and how we can fight and be strong and still lose. And how that has to be ok, and we can still be considered strong! And how we can still keep living, even if we are broken!
I thought Hank was about to do the Magic trick called healed and sealed
you should totally watch the orville
Wow! I just realized this is a lot of the reason I tend to hate the synopses on the backs of books. Because they always tell you (maybe too much) about the plot, and never what the book means. Like I always get a little miffed when I read a really good book and go back and look at the synopsis and it makes the book sound so ordinary and shallow
Permission to speak freely sir?\n Space... The final frontier...These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission: To explore strange new worlds...To seek out new life; new civilizations...To boldly go where no one has gone before!
It might be the other way around i.e. it's because the coke can is cold... so more gas dissolves in the liquid. If it was hotter the gas would dissolve more easily into the liquid.
Hank, I would loved to know if you have seen Mother! and your thoughts on the film.
Quick way to get the video trending lol
I am also tired of watching TV shows that are just dark and I do not care about any of the characters
I'm deeply bothered by the fact that Hank just called this a Coke when it's a Dr. Pepper....
YAS Next Gen 🖖 I'm going to be  Beverly for Halloween
THANK YOU for making this video.  A lot of movies and tv shows don't have a great plot (i.e. Moonlight - a friend of a friend literally said it was a movie where nothing happens and it made me SO ANGRY) but they are *about* something. I think projects like that are way more influential and its a shame that so many miss out because theyre looking for a plot
Ugh, and here I was just about to gut the meaning in my own stories so I could actually write them. But now I'm gonna have to go back and make the stories about more than a bunch of mercs shooting another bunch of mercs in space.
we are storytellers. write your book
Botulism can cause cans to have indents- just a head up
I think it's bacteria inside the can that could have given you food poisining
no longer the west wing world but the house of cards world. wowowowwww that was deep
Could you make a video on why your vids are alsays on trending with such low view counts
USES Coke AS A GENERIC TERM FOR ALL SODA POP\nI am so triggered right now.
Only on youtube would you worry about racism in space. Does youtube pay big youtubers to be dumbasses?
Orville or ST: Discovery... What's your preference?
Time to watch The Expanse!! There's your informed sci fi
did you just call a soda can, coke?
I wasn't feeling any urgency to read Turtles All the Way Down until this video. I feel now that I /need/ to read it. Now I know what it is about. Thank you, Hank (and John!)\n\nAlso, West Wing ❤️
Isn’t the title supposed to tell me what the video is about?
This reminds me of the collection of star trek next generation that I had. That's got destroyed by water damage from superstorm sandy
this is why i, as someone who wasn’t old enough to watch tv in the early two-thousands and late nineties, watch almost exclusively tv shows that were popular then, like ER and West Wing, etc.
Can anyone sub to my channel?
I'm still a part of the west wing world!
Exactly! Omg, If only I could explain that to everyone who thinks that stories are only as good as the action and situation. SIgnificance is the SOUL of everything!!\nI would for-real give my life so that everyone could understand that
Can I recommend The Orville?
How is inequality a problem exactly? Please explain why you are hurt if I produce more than you.
I finished watching TNG a few months ago and am two episodes away from finishing DS9. They are both fantastic series! I am so glad I decided to watch them.
It's not a Coke can, it's a soda can :D
My personal favorite What's it About? TNG episode? \nTapestry (s06e15)\nSuch a good message about owning past mistakes and appreciating how they make us who we are.\nNot for nothing, but you may have heard of the episode's writer. Dude named Ronald D Moore.
This sometimes happens when the drink freezes part way. Not enough to puncture the can, but enough to stretch it just a little. The can needs some pressure to keep its shape. Non carbonated drinks in a can are pressurized with nitrogen because it keeps the can rigid and doesn't react with the drink like the oxygen in air would.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
What about a can of apple juice! Do they use a stronger can?
Not only are stories about how bad the world is and how awful people are boring, they're also unrepresentative and not terribly useful. As you guys like to point out from time to time, by many metrics things are as good for humanity now as they have ever been, and things are generally getting better. That doesn't happen without a lot of good people directing the efforts of their lives in beneficial, productive ways. The people who do bad things steal the limelight and are very well-publicised because what they do is outrageous and emotive, but in fact, that too is a testament to the ongoing progress, and the ongoing victory, of the right and the good; the bad stuff wouldn't stand out otherwise.
Shaka, when the walls fell.
TNG was my star trek.😌
WHAT IS THIS VIDEO ABOUT?
https://youtu.be/WpJnADtehns
Is it about clickbait?
coke=pop=soda
It’s about clickbait
Parks and Rec. Parks and Rec. Parks and Rec.
Man this and u r cutie pie. Chirp
it sounds like maybe i'm not the only who responds to people asking me about a show/book/movie/game that i like first with what the themes are rather than what the plot is. it's about fate and destiny and what roles we try to fill and what we can do if we break the norm!! and also, it's about a duck that turns into a girl that turns into a magical ballerina to fight evil, i guess??
I love startrek. My philosophy teacher used to have us analyze the episodes and find the meaning and the lesson.\nMade a boring subject a lot better.
This is why I don't really enjoy Mr. Robot, or at least the several episodes I sat through before giving up.
88
But ur cool and awesome
Sounds like you'd love SJW marvel comics nowadays. Forget a good story! Where's the propaganda?
I think you should die as soon as possible.
I truly love our president. He stands up for our country, for our people, and for the values that have made us prosper. Despite the millions of Americans who have been brainwashed against him by the mainstream media, he will undoubtedly leave the world in a better place by the end of 2024!
I miss Gary Thorne doing national broadcasts especially for ESPN/ABC's National Hockey Night.
Amazing
I'd have absolutely no problem if baseball was called like this ordinarily
0:30 number nazi? The anouncer in the stadium
Why are they doing the PA announcements?
Jones will whack that son of a gun to center field 😂😂😂
is this the same gray how dose hockey game's?
Not gonna lie. These players likely played great with the silence versus the loud crowd.
gary thorne is amazing
1:03 I think you can hear Gary's voice echo. That's amazing
Takes me back to my days of baseball practice as a little guy.
He whacks that son of a gun.... lol greatness there
Can we please get Gary Thorne in the World Series?
Jones  waked  that sun on a gun to centerfield because Greg Gibson the home-plate umpire motioned to both players
I don't see what so weird about this. This looks like any ordinary home game for the Tampa Bay Rays.
Jones will whack that son of a gun to center field. 😂
delivery lmao
I bet every ball that was hit sounded like an explosion. I love the sound of a wooden bat hitting the ball
I love how when he yells free baseball for everybody you can actually hear him on the field mics.
Well I guess the White Sox are used to playing with no fans...
I remember watching this game. I remember hearing about this game with the events outside and made a note to watch it. Very different feel but kind of cool. Even though I'm a Cubs fan, it was fun to watch.
If only the person calling the balls and strikes was Greg Gibson, the Home Plate Umpire.
The average attendance in Baltimore this season isn't much better than this game.
If only there were an argument between a manager and an ump.
They should do that more often. The sweet sound of a wood bat making great contact is like an angel singing
Jones will whack this son of a gun…
Hilarious, but also really eerie. Love the crack of the bat.
Hilarious, he's my favorite broadcaster.
wow this is actually awesome.  no more fans from now on please! lol
Green jacket within reach... Nice one! 
Im pretty sure the Free baseball for everyone echoed through the whole stadium lol
Yo lol this announcer is a comedian
man, i love Gary Thorne :)
If it was only the Cleveland Indians...
Worst commentators ever: Kirk Gibson, Joe Buck, George Blaha, Ken The Hawk Harrelson, Fred McLeod, Austin Carr, Marv Albert, Brent Musburger, and Mike Doc Emerick. Best commentators ever: Ken Daniels, Mickey Redmond, Mario Impemba, Rod Allen, Neil Funk, Stacey King, Gary Thorne, Bill Clement, Al Michaels, Cris Collinsworth, Frank Beckmann, Jim Brandstattter, Dan Dierdorf, Chick Hearn, Joel Meyers, and Stu Lantz.
BRING HIM BACK TO HOCKEY!
I need to make an anmiation for this.
As a Sox fan, this is so funny.
Sounds like golf right?
One of the best voices in sports history. Along with Dave Strader, Ken Daniels, Mickey Redmond and Bob Cole. Easily top 5 listing right there.
I hope this makes professional athletes appreciate the fans that use their hard earned money to attend games.  It's not the same is it?
I wish all the games were like this all the time I hate going to a game where it's all crowded 
LOL!!!! Ha!!! Ha!!!! Good stuff. Sense a humor is a must in life.
He is the funniest
The Orioles are are undefeated in games played with no crowd a .1000 win record for that stat
Its like a game of professional golf
Would it be funny if they had the attendance up on the board like they usually do. Or the noise meter
He crushed that ball though...
Looks like the Marlins game. 
Some say that it's not ok to make light of a bad situation, but this was pretty amusing in my opinion
BEST BASEBALL GAME EVER
They have some rowdy fans, eh?
this sounds like golf
This should be an asmr video
Still more people than a Florida Panthers game
Gary Thorne has always been one of my favorites. He takes a game exactly as seriously as it needs to be taken. He used to kill playoff hockey, and he is great with baseball as well.\n\nThat said, this is all about the crack of the bat. This is what it sounds like when you crush one in practice. Chris Davis' foul ball sounds as good as Adam Jones cranking a double to deep center. Just a beautiful sound.
why is this not viral? classic.
LMFAO
I just noticed something, when Gary Thorne used FREE BASEBALL FOR EVERYBODY!, the 2nd base umpire looked towards the press box.
anyone know were i can watch the full game at.
could somebody tell me why Gary was the MLB 2K announcer,no hate by the way.
Love the real sound of a baseball game
This happens in European soccer all the time.
And the crowd goes wild! Oh...wait. 
cause of the riot happen on monday and it a punish for the people that cause a very huge riot now the riot is slowing down and getting better also the final report will be release on friday about gray and the washington post got there report that it was a self inflection wounds now the lesson has been learn and it a huge roits cause this that means they will miss there toys
The crowd seems quiet today\n😮😰😁😂😀😕😒😮😁😒😂
I guess you could say that the White Sox took the crowd out of it
With the lack of crowd noise, I think now is the perfect time to add a laugh track. :)
It was a weird game.  I think it might have been one of the fastest this year too.
This is hilarious! Love Gary!\n
Gary thorne is a beast
Might be the cleanest sound of a ball hitting a bat I've ever heard. Beautiful. 
Where can I watch this full game, cuz hearing a baseball getting hit by a wooden bat awesome 
I fell out laughing when I first heard this!!
If you listen closely, you can hear the echo when he says Free baseball for everybody!
Those Oriole fans look exactly like Marlin fans.
That was hilarious!
It sounds like it echoed in the stadium when he yelled, Free baseballs for everybody!
Sup pac man!
I certainly don't miss the fake clap sound effect or any of the other fan enhancement rubbish that you're barraged with to make baseball more appealing to the masses. \n\nCall me old, but you can give me a Wurlitzer organ and a plain old scoreboard, and put the other stuff away.
ASMR
A small funny bit, but this is history.  Love it!
Wow every ball hit is so loud!! You don't realize how loud of a crack a ball being hit makes when a stadium is full of people...
2 Questions:\n\n1 Did the Orioles Win that particular game?\n2 Are they going to the playoffs this year?
Always happens to me.
I'm so DEADDDD. Holding doors for other people is a Canadian Past Time
Can u make more videos please☺️
LMAO😂😂😂😂I HAVE A FAMILY
1 like : smash crush\n\n1 sub: you can fly\n\n1comment: have a nice day!!!!
This reminds me of second grade. There were class jobs for when we left the class like line leader, caboose, and door holder. I was the door holder and always the last one out
Does anyone else think that Anwar looks like Portugal Man
oh my gosh this video gave me anxiety for some reason but I still loved it lol
Anwar is my city and my channel is sheitty
Where the fuck you get those ideas 💡
Things happen like this in THE TWILIGHT ZONE!!! *music*
does this always happen in america?
Why 0:45 the guys are speaking portuguese? Lol
Legends say the man is still holding the door
LEGENDS SAYS THE MAN IS STILL HOLDING THE DOOR
Sub to me I'll sub
Amwar why are you so weird
I would use a door stop
Who asked that bitch if she had a boyfriend?
game of thrones hold the dooorr
This exact thing happened to me when I was graduating 8th grade XD I held the door for my family and then everyone rushed in someone even thought that that was my job XD good times.
Do you work in agents of shild because yo see exacly like  honter
This always happens to me, mostly at church, people don't ask me to hold the door, but I just always feel like I should hold the door for people
Dang imagine if your relationship ended cause you had manners 😂💀
this is a funny video
Invite the whole neighbourhood tova party , recover the money by making this video.
Why did i remember the hodors dead scene 😭
The girlfriend is pissing me of 🙄
This is me at school when I hold open the door for one person
Hodor's Death was so Sad ;-;
This gave me so much anxiety 😂😂
This happens way to much to me omg
I hate when i am holding the door open, and instead of everyone going out the door i have open they open and go out the other door instead.
This is me when I’m in public...
The hair cut guy 😂😂😂😂
After you bae I died 😭bro so Arab
1:18 I have a boyfriend lol😂
My life, I am tooooooo nice
I'd slam the door on that arrogant self centered girl in the red sunglasses. Maybe more than once
Watch & Download a Movie *** The Mummy ( 2017 ) *** An ancient princess is awakened from her crypt beneath the desert, bringing with her malevolence grown over millennia, and terrors that defy human comprehension./Genres: Action, Adventure, Fantasy./Download & View Link.... http://quainator.com/1LyU
Ur come up with great ideas anwar !!
It's even funnier bc he's short
A: literally me\nB: reminds me of atlas, in Greek mythology
LIT i love it
Every fucking Viner does the Same shit over, and over, and over again.
This video gave me anxiety 💀🔫
Hey, I need your help for a study I'm doing on comedy and politics! This survey takes only about 2 minutes and it would help me a lot if you took the time to fill it out. Thanks :) https://goo.gl/forms/rHi3ZzyA3WRCcXL13
Boycott the NFL!  I will always love our Soldiers more than a bunch of millionaires who beat women and try to impregnate and give STDs to as many of them as possible. Blacks & whites overwhelmingly get along. We have to stop letting the following groups from trying to divide us and from destroying America; Establishment Politicians, Main Stream Media, Corporations, and the Deep State.
hodor
Kok kezel ya nontonnya 😂😂😂
LOVE SEEING MY ARAB PEOPLE GETTING RICH OFF YOUTUBE
i have a family too lol
Why is Hannah stocking 2 times walking out of the door at 1:17 and 1:50
1:44 he free to go home
Why didnt they think on putting a rock on the door so it stays hold..
You really made my day:)
Great video !
m9awdin li mn dz yakhbat j'aime
HODOR
I have a family!!! 😆😭
HODOR !!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Amazing funny man ever \n... 😂
hey ehats up
I'm dead 😂😂😭
Rip Hodooor Fans of GOT  anyone ?
Assalamualaikum
Where's hodor
Hodoooorrr
*Hodor*
Hi
hodor hodor hodor....
make feel unsatisfy
when the other guy was like no...no! I lost it 😂😂
I have a family
 I HAVE A FAMILY!!! 😂😂😂 😂😂 😂😂 😂😂 😂😂 😂😂
Guys check out these awesome pics\nhttps://imgfoyou.blogspot.in/2017/09/beautiful-girls-make-world.html?m=1
Reminded me of Hodor....
Hodor
That was seriously hilarious
When Lele sits on dude
Hodor!! Hodor!!
Hodoooooooor 😭😭😭😭
Subtile ❤
HODOR 😂😂😩😩😩😭😭
Bruh🤘👭👫👬👭🏃💨
Crazy girlfriend
https://goo.gl/N8EkhY
Same
Pls sub guys ill sub back
My life
hahahhahahahahhahahah
Man U just awesome
Faggots
Hey u need a hearcut ?
ANWAR U BITCH!!!!!!
Hodor! Hodor.. Hodor :((
R.I.P. Hodor... 😭😭
The guy who holds the door in the end was hilarious 😂😂
I have a family😂😂😂😂😂😂
i have a family lol
I had this happen once in a special stage. 10 seconds running through an empty track and just as I clicked something weird was going on, level select out of nowhere. Pretty funny in hindsight, since I know that part of the game wasn't even made by TT.
Watching this makes me proud to be a programmer :)
Disney games were among my first, so as a young kid I thought every 3-D (and pseudo-3D) game had the Traveler's Tale logo.\n\nAwesome video!   It would be cool to see one explaining the mysterious unused tracks on the Toy Story PC CD-ROM.  (At   least I think they're unused..  Pop that CD into a CD-Player and you'll hear some freaky wierd stuff)
Wait a second...you're Jon Burton! From Traveller's Tales! I've seen your name in end credits of games played years ago.\nAwesome! Every Traveller's Tales game I own I have enjoyed! Thanks for so many fun memories!
Wing Commander 1 did something similar, writing thank you for playing wing commander in the place of error message when exiting the game.
Wow!...\nI have a vivid memory of myself and a few friends all sitting around the TV playing 3D Blast back in the 90s. We were farther than we'd ever progressed in the game yet when my younger brother, who was probably around 3 yrs old at the time, walked in front of the TV and tripped over the Genesis. We all shouted noooo! in fear of losing all that progress until we noticed this secret menu had appeared on screen, at which point our fear and frustration turned into joy as we applauded my little bro for his accomplishment. From then on, whenever we played 3D Blast, we would tell my little bro to trip over the console again so we could access that secret menu.\n\nIn recent years I started to think that maybe this whole memory was actually a dream as I had never heard of others experiencing this. Thanks to this video, I now know it was indeed real and why it happened. \nThanks for sharing this info.
Is this one of the earliest examples of It's not a bug, it's a feature!? ;)
I found this out by accident when I was 5 and accidentally dropped the console and it booted into the level select mode, crazy to hear about this now.
But I can imagine that, at that time with no protected mode / no really safe OS, there aren't that many crashes that can be trapped, no? Divides by zero, sure, but things like integer overflows wouldn't be trapped since they aren't bugs by themselves. I can also imagine things like random jumps in code freezing immediately, what would the console do/know about that?\nPlus I can imagine things like character frozen in a specific state because of unpredicted user interaction, and all the broken but not crashed problems can't really be trapped either.
Ha, that's really cool.
That is some damn clever coding.
Speaking of Mickey Mania and crashes and stuff, maybe you could shed some light on something. I noticed the game is region locked, and the Japanese version will display a This game is only for a JP NTSC Mega Drive system or something like that. But if you region switch, it'll display Oh, the console has suddenly become a Japanese mega drive. Why did you (or one of your colleagues) decide to program this in, when the chances of actually encountering a region switching mega drive were (especially at the time) slim to impossible?
fun fact if your knuckles or wolverine punching it might break it
Incredible. I've learned something completely new.
holy shit i discovered this when i was 5 years old! got angry at one of the levels and punched my megadrive and bam! level select didn't even know others knew about this!
*Why does BREAKING Sonic 3D cause my game to break?*
it’s so rare to get to hear an explanation of something this specific from the actual person responsible for it 20 years later!! i love this video
Very cool to hear the explanation (And Source Code Snippets) Direct from the Developer
Hey, just discovered your channel and I LOVE it. You offer some really great insights for aspiring programmers. Keep making these awesome videos coming
Other developers have done the so called bug room ever since.
Brilliant
These videos are excellent; thanks for producing them!\n\n One bit of feedback I'd add, however, is that the music can sometimes make it difficult to understand the vocals.
My Genesis is so sensitive that just stomping on the ground hard enough or knocking into my desk will bring up this screen
This is something I found with my friends accidentally as a child playing Sonic 3D, and now I know why. Thank you for making this video. Brought back some nostalgia!
It happened to me when we were childs. We started to fight to see who could play the game. So while we were fighting one of us pulled the pad out  enough to pull the console out too from the place it was standing.\nThe crash was strong enough that the screen went black... we stopped fighting, we thought that it was the end for the mega drive... But suddenly the bonus screen appeared, and the song started to play. We were so scared at the moment that we screamed a little. But man, how satisfiying to know not only that the console weren't broke, but selecting levels was so amazing that we spent one of our best gaming evenings ever, because of the two reasons. Smashing the cartgride was a new amusement for us too, haha. That's how I discovered it, and you know, it will be always on my mind, thanks for doing this video and thanks for doing such those great games, you guys made me so happy with Sonic 3d, and Toy Story back then, and still now. Greetings from Spain :)
Is this why hitting the VCR would make it work again? XD XD Seriously though it's pretty ingenius, it's like doing the age old turn it off and on again in a way that the user doesn't notice, and compensates them with a reward. I'd hate to be the person at school to have claimed to unlock a level select to my friends, and have no-one believe me because I couldn't replicate the bug ;)
I wish more cool stuff would happen if I punched other games\n\nIt's Both a stress reliever AND a fun secret
Meanwhile the otherwise awesome Sonic Mania, on Switch at least, sometimes just throws you back to the system menu with a generic The program was closed due to an error message.
Loved this. I discovered this with my brother when one of us stumbled into the cord and the megadrive fell and then the magic happened. We were less careful than the hand moving the cartridge. We thought our game was special or something.\n\nYou made my day remembering those days!
THAT'S the ultimate it's not a bug, it's a feature type answer!
Wait. *YOU* worked on Mickey Mania? My daawwg! I played the shit out of that when I was little! Thanks for the game, man!
This is amazing, fantastic channel and wonderful insight!
MICKEY MANIA, holy shit I miss that game.
Any way to activate this in the Sonic Mega Collection version?
I think i did this in Contra 4: Hard Corps. I did something similar to jiggling the cartridge and it gave me 99 lives. I still remember exactly what i used to do to replicate the cheat
Woah who are you and what else did you work on?
Thank you so much for explaining my childhood
I was 7 or 8, turned the game on and somehow the level select screen came on. This was long before I knew about cheat codes. When I learned the level select code in early middle school days I wondered about that time back then I somehow accessed level select. I guess this video 18 years later solved the mystery. I must've unknowingly hit my Genesis...
I Thought This Was A Joke But This Is Actually Really Cool
Or like the gamr if xmen were u have to push the reset button to continue
I thought this was well known in 1994. Not the technical explanation, thank you for that, but the general “cheat.”
My reaction to learning how and why did this happen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWxh9lGOeqQ
Did you heard about Secret Command for the Master System?\nAs a kid, I found out that if I wiggle the cardridge a bit and turn on the console, the third level loads instead of the first and completely without enemies.  ^^
I figured it was a crash handler when it activated on me while loading an invalid save state.
Sonic 3D Blast was way underrated, I loved that shit even though it wasnt that great in retrospect. At the time it seemed like such a cool step forward. I'd honestly love to just hear more about it, how it came to be etc
Can't get Level Select to work? Punch the cart!
Would it be possible to share what's it like to port this over to Sega Saturn? If my memory serves me right, Sonic Xtreme was cancelled very late into development and Sonic 3D was chosen to replace it. Is there any personal experiences you could share?
Is there a reason the level select code is BARACUDA, though? I need to know the context of this before I die.
Hey quick question for you.\n\nI always thought TT started as an amiga demo band. I specifically remember a platformer demo, in a forest with some kind of mage with a hat? Am i correct? I thought TT were in a couple of megademos too. Bizzarely I cannot find anything on the Internet about this, so If I didn't mix up anything, prototypes from the early days would be cool.
I find it interesting that people thought it was on purpose and Funny enough that it was on purpose yet not expected by the creator himself. It literally just people manipulating the bug handler.
Fantastic video. Can't wait to see more stuff like this, it's so interesting to me to get a behind the scenes look at these games! I loved Sonic 3D as a kid, but had no idea about this trick.
Wait, you worked on both Sonic 3D AND Mickey Mania!? That alone warrants a subscribe.
Holy shit! I thought this was the only person this had happened to! It worked every time as well!
You wrote some Sega Genesis games? That's awesome! Have you heard of the SGDK project(Sega Genesis DevKit)? I'd like to see what you could do with it.
Is the SEGA approval process also the reason why Mickey Mania handles the case of the hardware switching regions? https://tcrf.net/Mickey_Mania:_The_Timeless_Adventures_of_Mickey_Mouse_(Genesis)#Japanese_Lockout
Punching the Sonic 3D cart lets you access a level select
lol i never attempted that back then. i just didn't want my games to break
This guy... programmed Mickey Mania? Holy shit, I played that a ton as a kid on my SNES. Great game!
Wait... YOU programmed Mickey Mania?  That's awesome.  I'm wondering, can you answer a question that's always bugged me about that game?  If ROM cartridges are so fast at transporting data, why did the SNES mickey mania game have loading screens?  I didn't think the SNES even had enough memory to store enough data to necessitate loading.  Is it just actively decompressing the sprite data at that time?
That's so cool, and it's awesome to watch a video made by an actual developer!  Thank you for your work, it was my first introduction to Sonic as a kid and is the first game that pops to mind when I think of the series.
I've found a new favorite channel.  I love learning about how games were developed!
I know that Sonic 3 (& Knuckles) has something sort if like that. It happened when I was using the debug.\nAfter doing many bugs with the debug, I can say that when a error happens in Sonic 3&K, the game would automatically Soft Reset back to the SEGA logo and title screen.\nIt doesnt give a message of why it crashed, but the game has a anti-crash/lockup system to it.
Okay, now you did it, people will hit their Genesis game to see if they get to a secret screen for now on.
I used to do this all time, I knew there's was a code to enter the Level Select screen, but it was just so satisfating to punch the cartidge to do that
Now see for yourself how tricky a programmer has to think to get his stuff through.\nImpressive nonetheless, I never had Sonic 3D for the MegaDrive but it's still nice to see why certain things actually use to happen.\nWish more devs would be so open about their progress.
So you programmed the Sonic 3D Blast punch back in the 90s?
+GameHut You wouldn't happen to have the model used in 3D Blast, would you?
Heh, I remember getting super mad at this game as a kid and triggering the level select after tossing the controller at the console. Never could get it to do it again, but by then I had learned the actual cheat code for the level select.
Too bad Sega wouldn't let you program the game to be fun though.
This reminds me of that glitch where Mario loses his arms and legs and gets stuck in the floor if you cartridge-tilt Super Mario 64.
This is like wrapping your entire code in a try catch block. OMG>
... or you could just use the non-violent approach of entering BARACUDA (B A Right A C Up Down A) at the title screen :V
It's an Error Handler really.
this is really interesting! i really appreciate the fact that you're showing off so much about what you have worked on while working at this company. thank you such fun content! <3
2:10 is the Level Select screen from the Sega Channel version of the game! I wonder if programming a game for digital distribution had any unique challenges to it back in the day as opposed to today's processes.
How new is this channel? This is amazing, I wish more game developers were as good as this guy
Holy shit, that's actually really cool!
This is awesome, I love this kind of info
Interesting to see this channel pop up almost out of nowhere with some personal insight on the design of these older genesis games.\n\nHello Jon, I'd recently tried to get a crowdfund going for my own game based on the technical roots of that generation of gaming, a railshooter called StereoRem; but couldn't find enough interest from people to develop it further. Programmed in java, it was likely more complex than anything a console from that era could handle given my 800mhz PC could barely handle it. It breaks my heart to see selective nostalgia for these older games, but maybe your channel could more fully explore these earlier works from your history to educate budding game developers and encourage a more broad retro appreciation that could see more games like the old still developed into the future.
One thing I remember picking up on, when the level select is accessed in this manner you get the CONGRATULATIONS splash screen but not when you use the BArACudA code. Is there a reason for this?
Person: I can't pass this level!\n*rages and hits game*\n_Welcome to the secret level select_\nPerson: *goes to the last level* I'm so good at this game!
Genius absolute genius
eu coding
@blackbond 1:42 60 frames per second....60 fraaaameeesss peeerrrr seeeccoooonnndddd
That's mind-blowing
Amazing video!
Mickey Mania... Sonic Mania? Interesting
Very cool
genius.
Accessing the Sonic 3D level select crashes Paper Mario.
https://68.media.tumblr.com/22f471ceffd56584ddc3eee34c29b208/tumblr_inline_onj7quSdQu1rbp8jv_500.gif
Try:\n      Everything\nExcept:\n      Levelselect()
DAS A KOOL
What's the music ? Wicked indeed maestro programmer =}
What is the music used in this video? Thanks!
I clicked on this video thinking it was a false shitpost.\nI was very wrong.
wait so you worked on sonic 3D blast!?
I do vaguely remember falling down a pit in the ghost level in Mickey Mania and getting that WILD message. Now I feel bad for all those Gaming magazines telling the kids on the secret level warps in Mickey Mania but chances are they just didn't work for them.   Speaking of this game... I saw something about decompression in the error codes listed, is that the reason there is a loading screen in Mickey Mania? I always wondered that...
Okay, you know what? Story time. I just hope that Jon sees this.\n\nBack when I was a kid with my Mega Drive, I had S3DB rented and I was playing on a birthday night with some friends. I think I stopped to get cake or something? When I got back, we couldn't unpause the game. So we wobbled the cartridge and lo and behold, that was the first secret I ever found in a game.\n\nBut the level select never worked that way for me, only through the BARACUDA code. I only got the message, and from that point on, had to restart the game. I was always proud of that, honestly.\n\nFinally figuring out why it happened feels amazing. Kudos to you, this is a very intelligent trick! And thank you so much for developing this and Sonic R. They filled my childhood with memories that I'll never forget, especially this one. <3
I'm unclear- were you a developer on this game? It sounds like you worked on Mickey Mania and Toy Story. If so, cool!
How You Really Use Exercise Machines
it's a miracle! a college humor video that's actually funny! i haven't seen one of those in years...2 to be exact...when did the zen riddles for millenials come out? that's the last one before this video
When did this become a science channel?
That's what people told me when I brought two dumbbells some time ago and now I have also a squat bar and gained 5 kg..
Actually this machine is pretty cool.
How You Really Use Exercise Machines
How You Really Use Exercise Machines
Where do I call, you didn't tell me
How You Really Use Exercise Machines
Isn’t it pyjamas and not pajamas?
Never seen a channel go as down hill as CollegeHumor and Smosh did
LOLLLLLL I havent laughed in a long time
Guy with pink nipples is just weird. I know it’s quite common among Caucasian’s because I dated a few pink white girls, but I just can’t imagine how it feels to be a guy with pink nipples...
I'd fucking buy this thing immediately
Why didn’t I get this in my sub box
If you wear Jordan shorts and an X-Large Nike short nobody will notice you don't workout.
Why not just get a gym membership? Id get bored doing the same machine all the time....
I can go with this.
The excellent production value makes this shine! Did you take the music from somewhere or is it an original creation? And I don't know how you did the text on the walls, but bravo!
Epic voice and theme is epic.
it's funny because it's true!!!
They way this ad was made make me want to buy it..
Illuminati A\nI believe!
This was hilarious, because it hit way too close to home. My mom has an ab lounger that she's never taken out of the box. I'm so used to it partially blocking the hallway that I step around it subconsciously. It's a really great cat pedestal.
I miss it even though it was 4 years ago...
Why do people hate working out? I can never get it.
I this a joke
Cant relate. I love working out.
You're so cute. Can we go on a date?
My dad uses it for a hanger at his house
College humor has really fallen from grace
I legit thought this was keith from try guys
Before you watch this, here is the answer to the video's title:  Don't
I actually thought this was an ad and tried to skip it
Exercise clothes make the best pajamas
How long till we get another troopers episode,love the skits yall do but would love to seen another episode of troopers.
Yes! That is exactly right! \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Finally an episode that is not liberal propaganda.
I hope everyone saw the Illuminati symbol on “You hate working out”
GRANT, YOU'RE TOO FUCKING TALL!
Grant is so hot 😂😍
Just Give Us Your Fucking Money!
this videa is awesome, snl quality all the way, you are great collegehumor
My home gym consist of a squat rack, bench, barbell, dumbells, dip belt, and an arm blaster. I love working out regardless of where sometimes I’ll even run to the park just to exercise.
*looks at gym equipment gaining dust*\nI should work out again.......\n\nI'll start tommorow
I feel like CH made this video specially for me and it´s their way to tell me to move my fat ass to the gym...
This is a funny idea and is totally true, so why am I not laughing. I've been wondering about this in their last few videos.
… \n\nI know it's supposed to make fun of his height..\n\nBut with all those freeballing shots in his underwear.. \n\nI think it was just to see his bulge..
Most machines are ass, they don't build stability muscles. I prefer to lift my own American stomach fat up and down.
You should do an it themed skit but for adults and it represents what adults are afraid of and it's commitment being sober and debt
I thought the machine could talk and would insult you as you used it
I'm too embarresed to try new machines at the gym so I just do treadmill and leave
Lower the volume of the background music. It was a bit too loud
I just don't know how I lived without this. :)
This channel is going to shit
Where do I buy this?
This is so true
Thought this was a new idubbbz video from the thumbnail :'(
It's the first time that thhe writer didn't do the outro!!! What happened?!?! :OO
Lol! I'm bigger than that guy and I'm 15 years old.
i dont remember the word pajama looking like that
Where's the damn phone number!!! I desperately need this man!!
Hello, I recently started my humouristic channel. It would mean the world to me if you could give me a chance
This was too real to be funny
This video helped me find an excuse to stop working out at the gym 😉
You're saying you *don't* use them as sex toys?
He put the lightbulb in, while there was still electricity coursing threw it.
Why is this not a marketing campaign already?
It would have been just as funny without the profanity.
Makes me want to buy one just for all those purposes
Grant just wanted to be shirtless
this needs to be a real  commercial
Who ever did the voice kinda sounds like John Cena
Finally. College humor made a good video
So where could I get this from again?
Hey guys, remember when College Humor was actually funny? I know, I almost forgot they were too
Lolol wasn't expecting this🤣🤣🤣
Lmmfao
Brilliant
Um, no...
Fat
CollegeHumor has become UnmotivatedAdultHumor
The, uh.. Bowflax Turdclimber.
Goddamn Grant 💦💪😍😍🤤🤤💦💯😍🤤😍👅😛👅👅😏💦💦👉👌👀👀👌😩💦💯💯💦💦💦💦👅🤤🤤🤤😩💦💦💪😍💯 D🅰️DD🇾😏💦💦👉👌👀💯😍🤤😍💪💪💯💯👅😩💦👅D🅰️DD🇾😏👉👌👀😛😛😛👀👌😩😩💦💪💪💪D🅰️DD🇾💦💯😍🤤💦👅💯
I find Grant really sexy
Hot <3
Do drink or candle
Wanna suck dem pink nips all hardcore
SUB TO ME!!!
Accurate. Just another clothes hanger.
E
We're trending
lol.. HILARIOUS..
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Subscribe channel 1pro
Haha amazing
Great sound score!
That body 🔥🔥
lol!
N
What would you wish for? (No extra wishes! (or genies!))
0:48 was that a Monsters Inc. Abominable Snowman reference? Haha
My first wish would be I wish that all the wishes you grant to me, including this one will be granted as I desire and intend them, without any undesirable consequences which I could or could not foresee.
Genie did say that Aladdin “looked” like a prince which means he isn’t a prince he is himself only with different clothes
Aladdin makes no sense!!(much like beauty and the beast, quidditch and harry potter currency)
I agree on the pants with pockets
I always like to point out the third movie where we find out Aladdin's father is the KING of thieves...therefore making Aladdin the Prince of Thieves? Nobody specified what kind of prince he had to be.
Ben Cinemasins Carlin is what the kids call him
If you watch Twisted: The Untold Story of a Royal Vizier, Aladdin makes perfect sense. In that musical, done by Starkid Productions, Jafar is actually the good guy who wants to use the wishes of the lamp to be reunited with his long-dead wife and to save the kingdom from the corrupt incompetence of the sultan.
Dude, you miss the entire point of a diamond in the rough. A diamond in the rough is not supposed to be a hero. They're not supposed to be outwardly good. They're supposed to be flawed, to be the outlaw, the seemingly bad person on the outside who has a good interior. They are outwardly flawed, but with the proper polishing are capable of true greatness. That is what it means to be a diamond in the rough.\n\nThe cave is not looking for a hero. It is not looking for a perfect man. It is looking for a man who is good at heart but does bad things, a man it can help to raise up to their true potential. It is looking for someone with a good nature who, due to circumstance is pushed towards evil. Going through the cave is a test, a test to see if the person is worthy of paradise and of the power the lamp possesses. An evil person who attains that lamp, who sets foot into heaven, will corrupt it and destroy it for everyone else (that's exactly what happens when Jafar gains the power of the lamp). But a good man, even if he is beset with flaws and has many sins to his name, can be improved, can be made as good as any king, because he is, at his heart, a diamond, if a bit rough on the outside. On the other hand, an evil man, even if he is in the highest of places, is still an evil man and will eventually be destroyed by his own evil.\n\nThat is why the cave puts in place its rules. No truly evil man can enter the cave, or their own evil will consume them as soon as they set foot inside. But a good man, even if a flawed thief, who sets foot inside may not necessarily be consumed, not unless they give in to their temptation to do evil. They are warned not to touch the forbidden treasure. But touching in this context doesn't mean just rubbing up against it by accident. The cave clearly knows the heart of those who enter it. If you pick up a piece of gold, but you aren't intending to take it, nothing bad would happen to you. But if you were to do as Abu did and grab a gem with the intent of stealing it, the cave would read that intention and damn you to Hell (the lava).\n\nThe cave is a test. It is a lot like Purgatory. The evil, the truly wicked and wretched, they always go to Hell. They can't ever set foot in purgatory or paradise. But a good man who is flawed may pass through purgatory, being tempted on the way and suffering, but if they resist that temptation, if they do what is right, they will eventually reach paradise. For Aladin, Paradise is being in that palace, escaping the street life he suffered under as a child, being rich, and having the love of a beautiful woman. \n\nThe reason the cave goes nuts when Abu steals the ruby is because, although he is an animal, he is like Aladin's second half. He represents a part of Aladin, the trickster and thief. He is Aladin at his darkest. Aladin himself may steal, but he is good at heart. Notice that he doesn't ever steal to make money, but rather just to live. If you were starving, no job, no prospects, shunned by all of society, and all you had was your pet monkey, would you not steal the occasional scrap of food to get by? You're deluding yourself if you think you wouldn't. Aladin KNOWS what he's doing is wrong, but he also has no other choice. A part of him enjoys stealing, a part of him would like to steal his way into wealth, but the good side of him says not to. Abu is different. If not for Abu being regulated by Aladin, that little monkey would steal everything and would be the most selfish little creature you can imagine (he refused to feed those kids and mistreated Jasmine)\n\nSomething similar is reflected in Jafar, actually. Jafar himself is quite evil. Iago, not so much. Iago certainly pretends to be evil, but I think he is pulled that direction by Jafar. Iago is Jafar's light side, and Abu is Aladin's dark side. So when Abu took that Gem, to the cave that was the same as Aladin himself taking it, because in the cave's mind, Abu and Aladin are just two parts of the same being.
1. Donald Trump to die. 2. Find my true love. 3. End all production of animal products.
Ben, I enjoyed your video! Keep on the good work (Y)
if i had a magic lamb and get 3 wishes\ni want a new room that is bigger\na new house that looks very nice\nand my last wish is to get pizza time for a year
1. The ability to heal from any sickness or injury, even age with a thought\n\n2. Powerful magic strong enough to travel between to all multiverses into books and stuff.\n\n3. Infinite money (Or to set the genie free if they weren't evil)
You guys know that you can wish to wish for more wishes.
Just want to take a moment to point out that alladin is a prince the whole time. He is the prince of thieves. So the real question is did the genie make his father the king of thieves? In the other video you discuss ways that he could make alladin a prince such as helping him marry a princess or giving him a land to be the prince of, but I'm pretty sure prince of thieves is still a prince. Food for thought
If I had my own Genie, I would wish for 1) the ability to shape shift into whatever I wanted, whenever I wanted, how ever I wanted, 2) A magical forest behind my backyard that houses magical, mystical creatures, and 3) the ability to travel between dimensions at will
New cinemasins/IHE/filmtheory: makes no sense
You don't buy anything!! #Aladdin_Gets_Roasted
I would wish to become a free jhin (jhin is the proper name for genie)
I'd wish that all girls pants had real pockets
I’d wish for \n1. A fulfilling life \n2. All the knowledge to succeed in any field of work I wish to peruse \n3. All the games and consoles
i'd wish for firefly season 2 :(
I would wish to be able to see all of my favorite youtubers any time.
3:21 wait. MOST of them? What in pancake flippin name does he mean by THAT?
When he says I don't BY( not buy ) he  means I don't agree.
I wish for everything I ever want!
Lol, me and my sister spent an hour befor watching this video trying to figure out every possible reason why alladin doesn't make sense. I would probably choose to have healing powers. I hate being helpless when people I care about are hurt. By the way, awesome video!
the story of Aladdin makes a lot more sense if you read the original fairytale.
I'd wish for world peace, to meet my soulmate (just meet, they don't have to love me so it doesn't break the rule), then release the genie.
You have officially ruined my favorite movie ever... but I still love you guys
I would wish for 1 million bucks a week, no disease, and no traffic jams.
I would wish people like you could just enjoy digital entertainment without ripping it apart.
So um question about Beauty and the Beast: would Belle and Beast still get together if the servants of Beast didn't try to force it??
I would wish for 10000 wishes more\n\nhahahahhahahahahha\n\n\nSAVAGE
I LOVE this video!!! x'D It's all so true!!!!! God, I love that movie, though....(Allah, I love that movie, though?) 💙💛💙💛
Aladdin was never a prince.
Genie, I wish for gun control. Sigh. If only.
''i don't buy it''\nit's a metaphor.\nhe only means he does not agree with being called thief and he wishes he wouldn't be called that, because he himself knows that he is better then that.
5:43 Do that more often
Still my favorite Disney movie tho. The songs are the best!
Fine then I wish for more lamps!!
When I think of it when Aladdin wished to be a prince it sounds like he wants to be a prince by marrying Jasmine
I wish to be a wizard #Hogwarts
He becomes a prince because the genie makes his father the king of thieves. Genies are supposed to be tricky. Aladdin's title of prince was surface level, only because far away his father was deemed the king of thieves.
Not having Jasmine make extra wishes is proof that Aladdin considered Genie a friend, and not just a tool to be used.
Who do youlike more J or Ben?
Ben would be great at Cinema Sins
Can we just take a moment to appreciate the sloth pillow in the background?
I would wish for end of world hunger, world peace, and Hamilton tickets
Maybe the touch nothing rule is only when it's on purpose with intent to take it?
I wish all the original members came back to P!ATD
I wish for no rules for wishing, then infinite wishes.
I would wish for a life time pass to Disney World
I assumed the monkey was an agent of Aladdin.  He is not a separate entity so entering doesn't count against him, however his theft is Aladdin's responsibility.
do you think that jafar is rasputin?
The I don't buy that just means that Aladdin believes he can do more with his life than the people imply. Plus Aladdin is the chosen one because he's unassuming and pure of heart. Also consider that the cave is possibly totally sentiment and maybe all seeing or more than likely an extension of the genie or jin magic in general.
My main wish - enough money to clear all of my debts for the rest of my natural life (as long as it's not being stolen from anybody else).
First I would like to say that I am a huge fan and have been watching you guys for years! There is a play on YouTube called TWISTED by Starkid productions and it is the untold story of Jafar that they made up. It is a very interesting play and very well done. It fills in a few plot holes that you mentioned, so if you have an hour or two to spare you should check it out. It is professionally done and really funny. Let me know if you guys watch it! Thank you so much!
Hello, make a video talking about what happened to hermione's parents, because in the deatlhy hallows movies it shows hermione errasing her parent's memory of her, but it doesn't show what happened after, if they got their memory of her back or not. Please make a video about that topic, because that has been bothering me alot. I love your channel.
You wanna know the part that bothers me the most? Probably not, but I'm gonna tell you anyway. Why doesn't Jasmine ever question the fact that Aladdin is alive, after Jafar specifically tells her that he had been put to death? And why has nobody noticed this but me? \n\nAlso, according to almost every story about wishes, they go wrong. You get what you want, but not really. Which is why you shouldn't wish people back from the dead (zombie). Frankly, I'd expect his wish to go wrong by making Aladdin Jasmine's brother... but hey, it's Disney...
I'd wish I was able to control and change matter on a molecular level with no unexpected/adverse affects to myself or others at the same effort as I am releasing while typing this message. With this power as powerful as I imagine I would be able to make myself any shape I would want, I could make a fortune remodeling homes or as a plastic surgeon. I could construct schools in low income areas with no assistance or funding. I could repurpose waste from landfills into forests and change the world for the better in a matter of days. I mean...if you're into that sort of thing.
The only thing I don't agree with is the notion that Aladdin could have gotten a job. While we're not entirely certain where this takes place (I mean come on, where is Agraba beyond being vaguely Middle Eastern/South Asian), it's almost certain that there is a caste system in place and that Aladdin is an Untouchable. As a known thief and an orphan, he wouldn't have been allowed to interact with anyone of a higher caste, aka any of the vendors or their patrons.
Will say 1 trillion dollars and to meet you and dantdm and too wish him free
You know, you guys should do Star vs the Forces of Evil. It's a cartoon, but its on Disney Channle.
He didn't mean I don't buy that. literally. He ment I refuse to take that insult.
My three wishes(they're cliché, I know):1. World Peace2. Eternal Happiness for everyone3. Immortality for everyone :')
I have an explaination for the animals entering the cave.\nAnimal companions can't as an extension of the human they accompany, therefore Abu is an extension of Aladin but Iago is an extension of Jafaar which is why he can enter. This would also explain why the tries look like they surely apply to Abu, Abu taking the ruby was the same as Aladin taking it.
I would wish to change the rules and then wish for infinite wishes.
I would wish to see One Direction live
I really like you man but this was... Really.... Far fetched....... Like... There are plot holes but still...(also Jasmine wasn't sleeping on getting married she's like 15 AFTER her birthday) and you can't blame him for stealing... How do you want the guy to live because obviously no one is nice enough to offer them food.. Yes I know he's a thief but you can't be mad at him for it he's surviving.
Hasn't Aladdin been a prince (of thiefs) the whole time...
I'd wish for more genies because I cannot wish for more wishes, I would wish for my loved ones to be immortal so they would have never died in the first place, and I wish that there was nothing wrong with the world no wars no dieases
I would wish:\n*1.* To meet all of my idols.\n*2.* For parents that actually cared about me.\n*3.* The ability to read, write, and play music.
In America (obviously where Disney is) I don't buy that is basically I don't believe that\nAladdin is saying he doesn't believe he's Riffraff or a street rat
Oh my gosh. I could not stop laughing. Aladdin has completely fallen.
i would wish for world peace
i would wish for acting talent so i could get some money to donate and buy stuff. then i’d wish for morgan freeman to be our president. and then I’d wish for everyone in 2017 to stop being triggered by everything
Absolutely another great video! :D LOVED IT! Had me cracking up all the way through. Guys brighten my day each time I watch one of your videos. Thanks again.\nIf I could wish for anything it would be for the ability to teleport to anywhere I wanted anytime I wanted. :) Have a good day guys, take care
First wish: I wish that I could wish for no rules on the wishes I make in this contract\nSecond wish: I wish for no rules on the wishes I make in this contract\nThird wish: I wish for infinite wishes within this contract.\nThis originally came from Matthew Gallaway in the towel section of this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9h6cFsx_7dU
Where is our Tuesday fix for 10/02?
No wish limitations, then more wishes
I am confussion
Infinite wishes
😂
QOTD: Harsher punishment for parole violators
A full length shirt 😂😂😂
lots of books!!!📚📖📚📖😇😎
Death.
To be good at stuff\nTo be happy \nTo help others successfully (my nonprofit becomes successful)
Aladdin is the a prince. His father is the king of theifs
for ulimited wishes
BOO-YA!!!!!
Supercarlinbros would be good at cinemasins
(~^_^)~ lol
A baby geane
Perfect 12
Am I watching CinemaSins?
PANTS WITH POCKETS!!!!!!
Jaffa jaffar haha stargate SG1
can you do a video on how you introduced darcey to liam?
You might regret joining the PTA!! (the struggle is real at times!) 😂
Almost 17 and definitely grew out of the cuddly stage a year or two after primary school,  I have no idea why i just feel super gross being so affectionate (not that I’m not still loving to my parents though!) so make the most of it!
💖💕💖😘I hope she stays cuddly and affectionate too. As an almost 20 year old I still squeeze into my mums lap for cuddles 😂I get nicknamed leech because of how much affection I crave 😂💖😘💕you're a wonderful mum and Darcy will continue to grow up to be beautiful and kind like you & I'm sure she'll be an amazing role model for baby sister.
So I got kittens yesterday and they were shy at first and now exploded with energy
That conker story is absolutely GOLD.
My Mum got pregnant with my little brother when I was 3 and a half and one of my earliest memories is trying to put a fish finger into her belly button 'to feed the baby'!!!!! Lovely video Louise Xxx
I love hearing about Darcy, the way you talk about her makes me think of my own mother who passed away a couple of years ago. I hope that's not weird to say! But it's just so lovely to hear that pride and warmth and affection in your voice and now that I'm an adult it's nice to see that perspective on a mother and daughter relationship more from the angle of a mum, and to maybe get a closer view into how my own mother felt watching my sister and I grow up. Anyway, Darcy is so charming, and I love her sense of humour! You've raised a remarkable little person, Louise!
Louise, you are an incredibly and amazingly good mum. So inspiring.
i can feel the dnp collab coming!\n\ndarcy is such a lovely little girl! i'm very happy for you and your family and i wish you guys all the best.
Don't worry, Louise- I'm 19 and I still love hugging my mom!
When my little sister was 6 she loved swimming and was so good at it
I am wearing a face mask so can't move my face so i had to try and stop hysterically laughing when louise said that darcy had called the conker jesus😂😂
I remember when darcy was 4! X
Don't worry Louise I'm almost 18 and I still have daily cuddles with my mom xx
My little sister is 9 and still does the cuddly I love you thing 😊 she will come into my room in the morning and give me cuddles before she goes to school ❤️
My 6 year old little sister does a lot of similar things, 6 year olds are all little weirdos but it makes them so funny ahahah. Love you and Darcy, Louise! Xx
this made me so happy aww
You look glowing Louise! What a sweet little girl Darcy sounds like, she clearly has grown up with a loving and beautiful mum!
The way you talk about Darcy makes my heart melt 😍 also, you look so glowing Louise!
I was 2 when my sister was born and apparently ( I can't remember ) I was excited but then when she came I threw a jumbo lego brick at her luckily 2 year olds have bad aim .  love you Louise ❤️
I was 6 1/2 when my brother was born, and I think it's a great age for that because I actually have memories of him being born, whereas I was 3 when my sister was born and I don't really have memories of that. Darcy is going to be the best big sister! And when you were talking about not wanting her to grow up, all I could think of is Bev from The Goldbergs.
I very much hope that your priest responded quickly along the lines of see the conkering hero comes! lol - all of that anecdote made us laugh, so sweet x
im glad to hear shes learning to swim! its such an important skill and im so grateful my mom made me take lessons even when i didnt want to.
This video was so wholesome and wonderful! I'm happy to hear that she's doing well and all the quirky things that she does. She sounds like such a wonderful little person, just like her mum
A bit of unnecessary background into the sliced bread thing. In 1912 the prototype machine that was made to finally make sliced bread happen, unfortunately got burnt down in a warehouse fire. A lot of people thought sliced bread wouldn’t happen, since it was going to be a big thing, obviously. Then in 1928, Rohwedder finally made a finished machine for sliced bread, and sliced bread came to be.\n\n- idk why I felt the need to tell everyone the history of sliced bread but I’m trying to put off writing for an essay I need to do lol-
Louise please could you make a video on losing your virginity. And the effect it can have after if you do it with the wrong person and when to know your ready x
Are you going to do a name reveal for baby P or wait till baby P is born! Ps lysm 💕💕💕💕
When is the dan and Phil video coming out
When my mum had me she bought my older sister a plastic doll. When mum fed me, bathed me, changed my nappy, put me to sleep etc, My sister would do the same for the doll. I think that would work really well for Darcy if she likes role playing and it keeps her involved in the whole process. Kept my sister from feeling ignored because of new bub. \n\nReally enjoyed this video! She's growing up into such a beautiful little girl!
I have a brother that has just turned 7 so ovs he was six before and he likes having hair washes more as well xxxx
So nice to hear about the cuddles part. I was and STILL AM suuuuuper cuddly with my mum. I love love love cuddles and saying I love you etc
having her less on camera makes sense, and it makes the moments she is on camera all the more precious :)
Darcy is simply the most adorable little munchkin! What a lucky wee girl to have such a doting mum, too! You are just *oozing* joy at the moment Louise. I can see how proud of your family you are and just how content life is for you at the moment. I'm so happy you're happy!
It's so warming to hear about your affection for each other😊 she such a sweet little girl💛when I was 6 I also liked to play role play, mainly as a vet with my stuffed animals, now I'm volunteering at my local vets for real!!💛
Ironic how u wash her hair when you dont wash your own
greatest thing since wifi  😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 as a mum I can relate 💖💖💖💖
This conkers for you vicar and I've named it jesus
Louise oh my gosh I cannot even BEGIN to tell you how much I appreciate you taking so much care into preparing Darcy for the new baby :') Every time you talk about it I'm reminded of the godawful job my mom and stepdad did for me when my mom was pregnant and I'm just really happy for Darcy that she has such a great mom like you * crying emoji *
My niece is 6 next month and is a gorgeous little weirdo too. I swear we weren't as quirky as kids today. I sound so old lol.
I am currently 16 years old, and my mother is like secretly FREAKING OUT and everytime I mention moving out when I'm 18 or going to university she just avoids the topic, or tells me how I'd probably be more comfortable at home where she can cook for me and do my laundry while I'm busy studying...\nBless her <3
I'm 21 and haven't grown out of loving having hugs with my momma and never ending saying I love you to my momma she's my best friend. Darcy sounds like such an amazing little girl who has such a great personality and is such a mini you ❤️
What I remember watching your pregnancy announcement and it feels like only yesterday! She's so amazing and I'm praying for a smooth pregnancy for yous. \nAlso try keep darcy in swimming and maybe get her on your local team, I'm a swimmer and it is such a nice lil community and swimming is so amazing❣
My daughter is 6 and a half too. I've been following you and Darcy for years ;) My daughter Matilda is obsessed with card making and making me little letters and 'story books' I absolutely love this age :)
I love that you and Darcy are so close, I never grew out of the cuddly stage. I would always cuddle my mum and sit on her lap for a hug until I was 15 when she passed ❤
I'm pretty sure the best thing since sliced bread came from the wonder loaf the first packaged slice bread in America I think before that there was obviously only loafs that you had to cut and I guess got laborious and it would dry out etc so imagine packaged bread that you don't need to hack at ... sorry probably WAY too much information lol 😂
I'm so happy Darcy is all good and happy :)xx
I want a video of Dan, Phil, and Louise playing with Darcy (: please please please
I'm sure she will love having a little sister xx
so exited to hear Darcy I getting a little sister!!!! but can you show us Liam in a video!?
I'm so happy for you Louis! Your a great mum!😁💖
Madam president has a nice ring to it, alright madam president.
We all love Darcy so much❤️❤️❤️
I have a feeling Darcy will be a great sister because as you said during the video she loves playing with dollies and things so she'll probably be her little sisters mummy and probably be a waiter to her little sister.
I'm 15 and me and my mum still have bedtime cuddles and lots of cuddles and I love you's! She's still my best friend x
you look so good in this video Louise!!!
Hi Louise, loved this video it's so nice to hear how Darcy is doing I'm glad she's growing up so well❤️ just wondering how do you and Liam go about disciplining her? Like do you let Liam tell her off to?
Darcy is the sweetest little girl x
So lovely seeing another girl who shares my name! (even with a different spelling) \n\nI've only ever met dogs called Darcey haha
Go you for being president of the PTA.  I've never joined.  Apparently it's a political minefield 😱
I've named it Jesus 😂😂😂😂😂
Louise you are such a great mom! Great video 💞
I genuinely think I washed my own hair from about the age of 4...but then I was really into swimming from very young so I used to wash my own hair in the pool showers. Don't really remember hair washing with my mum...although I'm sure she did at some point 😂
This is so cute. The squirrel stickers on the car made me chuckle xxx
Madame President 😂😂 god I love you haha
I was six when my sister was born, she is my best friend ever since. Hope Darcy and the little one go on <3
I understand Mickey Mouse Clubhouse & PJ Masks, I feel like I can quote every episode word for word with my siblings! 😂
Our daughters have the same age and we are due almost the same time :-)! Darcy is such a sweetie! Also my daughter is still all huggy and sweet and I hope so much that this will never change!
My daughter is 6 &1/2 halos and she is so similar to Darcy. I get a letter almost every day and hugs and kisses and I love yous and she likes to negotiate dinner a lot. My daughter likes to have private talks away from her brother about school and her friendships and it makes me so happy and I just know that God-willing we will be best friends. 🤗🤗🤗
OMG now i want to have a six year old this made me so excited and happy and 😍
Your love for Darcy is simply beautiful! You share the best relationship xoxo Love you both so much!
My daughter is exactly the same age as Darcy and very similar. She also loves to write us little notes and is a big cuddler. She's definitely a negotiator as well, and enjoys pretend play more than anything! Hair washing became easier for us after we started letting her dye her hair (temporary, very safe dyes, no bleach or anything), because I have to fuss with it so much to dye it.\n\nLove hearing about Darcy! She is absolutely precious :).
Is Louise engaged again or just dating at the moment also with who ❤️❤️
My little sister was born on Christmas Eve, and it took me months to open my Christmas presents because I was more interested in the baby! 😂😁
My cousin is 4 and wants to be a stripper. Like, I know I said you can be anything but you have to draw the line somewhere.
I've just realised there's the same age gap between Darcy and the baby as there is between me and my sister. It's really the best. I'm sure they'll get on so well and Darcy will teach her new little sister so much 😊
Louise you are #8 on trending!!💗
I think Darcy is at a really good age to have a new sister, if she was younger she might get jealous. When my youngest nephew was born his older brother was excited (he's 2.5) but after the baby was home for a bit he became jealous for everyones attention.
'I named it Jesus' hahahahahaha
lovely video madam president 😂
Darcy is gorgeous!
Love this so  muchglad shes going great
❤️❤️❤️
I love ur hair colour!
Darcys six😱😱😱😱😱
Ahhhhh...       Mr Darcy.
Great video
Darcys 6?!! god they grow so much😫😍💕
OMG pj mask.
Squirrel car sounds iconic honestly
Jesus conker 😂
PJ Masks 😂
Louise you are glowing!!
awww so sweet xxx
Louise is a PTA mum aka goals
WTF HOW IS DARCY 6
Louise ur skin is glowing u look gorgeous ❤️👍🏽👌🏽
Can you do what's in my baby's registry
What happened to Zulu?
Actually laughed out loud over Jesus the Conker, brilliant!
Loved your personality and humour in this vlog !! Was so enjoyable to watch. \nNot saying that you're not always like this I just noticed haha
2:51 was THE BEST!!!! Uchi, you vlog mate? I LOVE IT!!!!
Enjoy Canada Nile!
i assume there's a set list of moves or routines that you have to hit for most/all your competitions, is there any freedom in terms of creating new moves or doing something people don't usually see within competitions(everything that can done can't have been done already, right?!) , or is this marked down. I see you challenging each other in gym/training setting, just wondering if gymnastics as a whole tends to be traditional...\n\nI am looking forward to the next 'nile vs....' video...ice skating? rock climbing? :-)
The world championships are here in Montreal and I haven't heard of it anywhere! Man!
The  gymnast who is in Nile's vlogs that fell into the judges was in this video at the end. Haha\nThe Most Awkward Moments in Sports On Live Tv | Funny TV Bloppers
Hey Nile! My father is a competative golf pro and is constantly talking about the importance of hydration (for obvious reasons lol). Could you tell me a bit about the machine you guys use to check your hydration levels, as well as the tablets you take to help (how do they work)? I think he would be very interested! Thanks, and as always love the videos!
Banter on point
My 12th birthday was 10 days ago
Such a nice lad I mean really nice, genuine, warm, funny and caring. I wish Nile and the team all the luck in the world
I saw you on Sunday (because I'm a volunteer) but I want to actually meet you so bad!! I hope I'll get the opportunity! Love you xx
you're staying right across the street from where i used to live omfg
I'm from Trinidad and didn't know we have a gymnastic team until seeing this video. #GoTNT
Thank you for the playlists :D
Im so excited for the world championship! Hope to see you preform when i come!
Do the girls gymnastics while wearing a girls leotard (like if you agree)
What tablet do you put in your water?
great i have been in a plane once in my life
Hey I’m an American medical student from SXM and I’m now living in Preston,UK. Good luck at worlds and maybe run into you on the streets! Cheers!
Looking fit Nile mate, best of luck!
You are Amazing you have inspired my in gymnastics to never give up and dream what you beleive 😁😁
Welcome to Canada! I love Montreal! Ahaha ha showing off our Canadian Monopoly money!
Lol Imagine if they found out!\nBTW Don't Read My Name
Good to see u buddy.  I missed you.  Man, you are amped up.  Were you drinking Red Bull.  Best of luck at the competition.👍👍
Please show us a competition, a majority of TV channels will not show. At least in Brazil they will only show the finals and in closed channels (paid)... Nile, continue your incredible work, I'm supporting you here
Damn I love when you dance man
I want to fly and handstand with you...
How's Montreal? \nDid you learn some french words?
This was actually a quite entertaining and well produced vlog. Great job
Your personality is awesome❤I hope I can get to meet you one day and get to talk with you! I have a GREAT IDEA to tell you, my twitter is @peque2111 in case you want to contact me!
Nile Wilson is such a great, beautiful, and inspirational human being ever!
I knew you'd vlog, been so excited for it ;)
Why aren't you verified yet?
I want to learn Japanese just so I can have a conversation with kohei and kenzo
Handstand on a plane. How do you top that? Love the comradery!! 😘
Holy yeaaaaaaaaah, I'm coming to see you guys on the 8th! I'm so excited! Get that podium Nile!
Crazy the amount of supports the GB gymnastics team have a competition!! I figure skate and we will have a team leader just to make sure there's no problems, none of this hydration tests in the morning with physio and immune booster packs!! It's awesome to see what funding and proper management does 😅
Nile u were staying in the same room I did in Montreal
I'm in Montreal for the championships. I wish I could meet you
OMG you are to Montreal 😍
So exciting!  Can't wait to see you Monday!
Welcome to my home town. Hope you're having a great time.
Need a T shirt bad, in white...help help I've injured my back but don't give a fuck..yes I'm very limited at the mo but ..the back support I use is very helpful
I'm going to upload my own video 'Taking a shit at 40,000 feet' :)
Gymnasts are the best, cutest, funniest, most athletic, and beautiful people in the world.\nNile's videos just bring joy, and brighten your day!  That's why everyone loves him!
Shirai is freaking monster on the floor! :O
I wish I could meet a world champion gymnast...... (nile Wilson)
Good luck for World Championships Nile. Love your channel and your positivity.
Oooooo did a hand stand on a air plane What a bad ass lol YouTube is broken XD
When you get home do a gymnastics challenge with the women where you guys try eachother's apparatuses!!!!
Do a meet up in montreal !!!!!
ah i love the japs, uchimura, what a boy. love that you guys are still friendly with your competitors even in sport where you could potentially isolate yourself from the world and just train individually.
The gravity gets weaker as you move further away from the earth's core. So you're effectively cheating. And people liking your cheating video.
omg I live in Montreal!! I wanted to come see you perform but I can't because of school... would have loved to meet you though!
good luck!! hope you absolutely smash the comp!
Omggggg MONTREAL?!!?? How did I not knowww?!??? I live in mtl!!
I'm from Montreal! It would be so cool to meet you.But I can't come to the championships because of school🙁
To Montreal.......nice.  I wanna move to Canada lol.....if Mexico didn't have the cartels I'd move there and live like a king on American dollar.  Same thing....if Macedonia wasn't so expensive to fly to and on the verge of Civil wars and shit all the time I'd go live there for a Summer like a king because I still got relatives there.  Good luck with the world championships dude!  Hope u smash it!
It might sound weird but you're my idol!
You know if anyone In space does a frontflip or turn upside down. You would be beatin
I'm so happy that you're in my city right now! I hope you enjoy your stay! :D
Kohei and Kenzo in the thumbnail would have been pretty solid clickbait as well haha, love the comraderie and sportsmanship in MAG :)
Cool vlog!
Great video!  Good luck!
世界選手権楽しみにしています！！\nかんばってください
'Are you a vlogger Uchi'😂
Sick Nile :)
Nathaniel Clyne been busy
You trending man!!!
Best of luck!
Amazing vid
Welcome to Canada
genio!
I love youu <3
More dancing please!!!!!!!!!
I saw Kohei and fell
WELCOME TO CANADA!!!!!!
Omgggg ur so strong
God
#35 on trending???? Congrats man
Nope
You have the tiniest nipples...😂💀
Do you know Marios Georgiou from Cyprus?
2:05 I died, hahahahah
Brilliant idea with the Spotify playlists!
I SAW NILE TODAYYYYY
Kohei and Kenzo!!! <3
This was a SWEEEET vlog lad but you know what I want? Ima need more of that UCHI footage!!!!
What kind of gimnastics you are training?cuz i really wanna start gimnastics the kind of u
Well done  Nile on making the squad good luck in the world championships. My daughter is recovering from a fractured elbow from a fall off the beam. She has been following you since you visited her gym for their 1st aniversary and you have inspired her to keep going thankyou xx
Where can I watch the championchips in Internet?
Why did you take off your shirt to do a handstand?
hi Nile! I'm so sad, I wanted to come and watch the world championchips but I injured myself and I have to get surgery... I broke my right knee and 3 ligaments and my leg at a trampoline park, I'm gonna keep a cast on my whole leg until january... I'm so sad I can't do gymnatics this year, only conditioning, it sucks... I love you so much thank you for sharing your Journey with us!
What kind of English do you speak man I can barely get you!!
where to buy these headphones? :D
Who is this guy ?
Hey Nile, when do you find out if you are in the com games team? or are you already in it?
Are the world championships shown on TV??
You're a cool guy, Nile. But you're not going to defeat Epke Zzonderland.
Hey up Nile, How r u doing, all right ? What do u think about calisthenics skills ? Cuz looks like gymnastics some times
can all of the online doctors shut the fuck up ? it's their child they know what to do. they wouldn't do anything to hurt their baby.
Augh!  Soooooo CUTE!
Aww the last bit ❤
Anyone know the song at 42,seconds ?
Anna what was that book you are using
Sometimes when they first go in a high chair they lean from side to side ..Take a pillow or a bulky towel and put it on the side of the high chair she leans and prop her left arm on it and after a while she will get used to having it on the high chair instead of her side I had the same probables  with my son ...He first time was also carrots.. I remember the first time he spit them out all over me...But after a ew times he liked them...He hated peas.. you better wear something that you don't really like to wear that much..I love her she is a little Doll Baby ..my daughter was that tiny and we used to call her Sweet Pea.from the flint stones...I love your whole family they make me laugh.....😍😍😍😍
She's such a happy baby Anna! you guys are doing a wonderful job
Amazing guys! I cant believe she is 6 months already!!!! Ive always wanted to buy a calendar but my mum would think its weird i have a family calendar in my room im only 18 😂💗
Jofee? Stop using that song it makes me cry every friggin time
The ending made me cry 💕 so beautiful
I have no idea who u lot are
Best way to get downstairs EVER! The Daddy Express!!!
Alessia's so cute! When she was eating, she was playing the piano with her right hand. So sweet.
How much fuel does your car drink, you put a full tank in testerday
JONATHAN!  I hope you see this before I go and buy another calendar that I can't write on.  Is this years one different paper than last year?  Can we write on this one with any pen or is it the same one from last year that I can't write on without using a permanent marker?!  Is 2018 pen friendly??
Dear stupid kids \nstop with the same shit like oh i wont not buy a random family calender is just so anoying ok im chill with it but they act like victims and say no body is saying nothing 😳 im chill still but THEY GOT ME THERE LIKE THEY KEEP SAYING SHIT that is out of the conversation like if they wanna fight and do drama do it in another place were no body wants them
Baby looks so uncomfortable and shaken.... I feel so bad for her.  Isn't she too small to be eating food like that?  I haven't even seen her grab toys first.  I feel like she was 2 months yesterday and still looks the same.  How has this much time passed?   It doesn't seem like it.  She is soooo petite tiny!!
all they worry is there nasty asses and money there vlogs are so shitty I would not by shit from them low lifes
I bought a calendar ! Eeeeeekkkk soooooooooooooooooooooo excited love your videos soooooooooooooooooooooo much
What happend to you saying welcome to the best year of the whatever month of the whatever of your life
So surprising to look at the timeline photos of Alessia. I forgot what she looked in the beginning. She has definitely changed over the months. She was so beautiful at each stage. She has such a gentle spirit. Will be interesting to see how she interacts with Emilia and Eduardo when she starts crawling and then walking. Such beautiful children inside and out.
Alessia is growing up too quickly! 💕💕
I think Alessia is so much like Edwardo 💜💜
Getting so excited to start my own family one day!\n\nLove from the Netherlands🇱🇺
You manifested your childhood dreams and thoughts...awesome
That's how I feel when I eat mushy carrots.  Eweee!
Has the video quality gone up
I think Alessia looks just like Eduardo!! Can't believe how fast she has grown!! Her lil face bless her! Her smile just melts my heart! So precious x
Aww now I have tears because of that lovely montage! An emotional video for you and me, Jonathan!
It was even cooler if u guys did a theme for the calendar for next year
Hi Anna, what is that book you are using?? I am just curious as my 19 week old has just started weaning (been told she is fine to by her health visitor) and has just started on porridge at breakfast time. As i am a first time mum i don't really know much about weaning or where to start and how to keep introducing new foods any tips would be very appreciated. :) Hope you are well. Love to you all <3<3<3<3<3
I wouldn’t listen to bestie in front of the kids the word are quite yano😂x
Kids do grow up so fast! My son just turned one. Looking through his pictures makes me emotional and happy at the same time.
What is alessia thinking when she's humming and waving in the high chair? Because she's not crying but she's not smiling. Not judging or anything I'm just genuinely interested to know if there are any baby experts!
omg!! i want the calendar😍😍
I have the 2016&2017 calendars but I don’t use calendars any more :(
@20:46 she looks like your dad Anna.........
does anyone know the song that starts at 0:43 ?
Hey, what is the song that was in the video?
Ordered the calendar yesterday.  My third one!    💗
A lovely video I really enjoyed watching it :):) :):) emilia, Eduardo and alessia are so cute emilia was so adorable when she said  a pearl necklace 😀🐶❤️ Eduardo was so sweet when he gave Anna a hug and alessia looked so cute when she was smiling at the camera :):) :):) \n\nAlessia is getting big now Aww that was so cute seeing alessia trying food for the first time x
I live in China and how to get the calendar?
I ordered the calendar can’t wait until I get it except I’m not allowed have it until Christmas 😭so excited looks amazing xxxxx
I love ya'll! You make my heart happy! Such a blessing
That last bit got me all emosh!
I thought they would've started earlier on the baby food. She starting to look chubby.  👍👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️
HOW IS ALESSIA EATING PROPER FOOD. I CAN'T. I remember when she was born and waiting to see pics and it felt like ages an now she's nearly 6 months!!! omg emotional. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
My how times have changed! When my children were babies, the first food introduced to them was  rice cereal mixed very watery with their formula so they could just sort of slurp it down ! Mind you my first child is now 47 years old so that was many many years ago and so many things have changed!
Got it last year and advent but as much as I adore this family funds don’t allow to get this year and poster plus packaging take to nearly 20 so I will just keep the Callander I have as a momento
My niece has that pink Disney Minnie Mouse, she wore it for her 1st birthday ❤❤
Holy crap, I teared up at the end.
Guys, episode guide website doesn't work(
I have never bought a calendar before because I was waiting for the one where Alessia makes her calendar debut and yesterday I bought it 👍👏
I remember being told to mix my breastmilk with the baby food when I started feeding Mari solids
She's so little, she doesn't look 6months 😍
My neice is 6months and i saw her eat solids 4 the first time it was so cute and she kept smiling and trying to laugh xx i love her so much
Vomit material. This is the modern world. The abyss is staring at it, staring, and no-ones looking back.
Her face every time you put the spoon in her mouth 😂 bless her
You make my day I was going to see the NHS doctor today changed my mined I just wanted to match you guys love you xxx 😘
It’s not time to chill lol
I’m 27 and I  make the same faces as Alessia when someone forced veggies on me.
Awww her what are you even feeding me face is so funny. Bless her. She's adorable. Hope the next taste/texture of food goes down better with her x
What a beautiful video!!!
You should make a little video of the three of them trying food for the first time! That ending was too sweet by the way!
We're gonna be here for all of Alessia's first and I can't handle the excitment.
Everyone is saying isn't it weird yo have a calendar from an other family. Well I'm sure you have a calendar from idk Shawn Mendes but that's not weird????? Hypocrits.
This is so special! \nVery cute. 💋\nGreetz from Holland
It's insane to me how even though you're only seeing literally less than 5% of someone's day, there are actually people out there who don't comprehend that what you see isn't the whole picture. And these people seem to always be know-it-all's in the comments telling the SacconeJoly's how they are living their lives all wrong because of course, the know-it-all's obviously know everything as well as the amount of people who literally CHOOSE to watch these vlogs, yet consistently make the most asinine and terribly rude comments with the sole goal of tearing this family down. It's honestly so pathetic how people can act so outrageously if they're behind a keyboard where they're 'safe,' yet wouldn't dare to speak the way they do out loud in the 'real world.' \n\nJesus Christ people, let the SacconeJoly's freaking breathe. Let them live rather than criticizing every chance you get. How you treat others says a LOT about your character and who you truly are as a person. Do you feel fulfilled as a human being by always trying to bring someone else down? Ask yourself that and be honest. \n\nAnna and Jonathan, keep on keeping on. Turn a blind eye to those who don't bring anything good to you. Thanks for being my daily getaway from my personal troubles and stress and always bringing me 20 minutes of happiness when I need it most. You have made my life a bit better than it was before I first found you on YouTube. I am forever thankful for that. Keep making your dreams come true! \nGodspeed. ✌🏼❤️
Alessia is just the cutest😍
my child watches oddbods too lol
UGLY BABY WITH UGLY BIRTHMARK IT LOOKS LIKE AN ALIEN.
How Eduardo says buckle omg😍😍 I can't believe how much he's talking now 😃😃
How happy Eduardo was to wake up, i want what he his having.
I'm glad you uploaded this. Im a first time mum and my baby is about 2 weeks older than yours. I'm weaning him at the moment. And he makes those faces when I give his food. I thought I was doing something wrong lol x
Oh my god when me and my siblings were little we had those exact trip traps but one in red and one in a lighter wood I even remember giving up my one so my brother could have it ☺️🚼
Look forward to a future where Alessia feeds her carrots to the dogs on the down low.
Eduardo is my fav!
People by this?!
6 MONTHS !!! Omg
Awww
Scammers and crooks!!!
i wish itsjudyslife would do calenders :(
LOVE this!❤️
☺☺😢😢😭😭
AWEEEE THE END BIT WAS THE CUTEST 💖💖💖💖💖💖
I loved this vlog!!
2:08 HE IS ADORABLE .LOVE FROM SPIDERMAN
U GUYS ARE SO FREAKINNNN CUUUUUUUTE
21 Mins 😱❤️❤️❤️
Very nice pictures... ; D
Alessia is so cute x
Love Eduardo's little accent.. gorgeous boy
Alessia is soooooooo cute ☻♥ ♥ ♥
Women can be builders
Ahhh so cute!! 💗
Maybe see wants something tastier lol
Awww Alessia is growing up!😍
16:39 ahahah😅😅😅
Who makes a poster of himself? Only f*cked in the head would Jesus Christ
That poor kid is the family’s pay check... I pray that they stop this and get a real job
I live in misawa,Japan and no one here actually cares about Kim Jon unn
Limited Capability Threat\nRekt
What a lame ass cgi presentation. No one on Earth has technology to send nukes in space then reenter .  Almost all you learned and have been told on tv by NASA and gov  it's all fake B's.. I think the truth is that the usa is going to blow Hawaii or Cali up . Then we going say it came from North Korea   just like we did on 911 . Same for sadam and bin laden .
It's simple, just throw a rock at it.
U earned a sub
The real question is..... How do we stop 20 or 30 of them.
I don't know. Gotta nuke something.
Why Is US allowed to have nuclear weapons and North Korea not?
Wouldn't even arrive to the us
Free downloads for a moderate fee ^_^
Why would u wanna stop it?
100% inaccurate.
Trump take notes
All these sensors, US ships couldn't even dodge a freight ship or fishing vessel.
I think you're wrong here. The reason why the move was made to submarine launched weapons was its too darn easy to shoot down a missile on launch. It's really really easy to track where these missile launchers are. They are huge big slow wheeled vehicles. The us warships are in the area because they want to launch their ship born interceptors . It's takes an age for the North Korean  launcher to get ready and to prepare, so you just blow it up before it launches. Or if it does launch its trajectory is up, and it's very very easy to work out and predict where it will be 2 mins in flight , by which time you've shot it down.
Do u like to make a video how a ecm jammer work
The thought of an all out wwiii is a scary as hell thought. I don't think anyone could come out as a winner. We all lose. Most if not all would die. The planet would be destroyed. It's unnerving how far technology has come in such a short time.
they cant even track domestic plane which is missing and yet claim that can stop missile that can reach up to 13000mph.. hahaha
My dad worked on icbm's and nukes. I know most of this :P
Nobody nuke Canada :(
Im in china rn, studying abroad. Right now im on holiday break in Panjin and north korea is literally a 4 hour drive from where i am right now. Hella weird
relevant clickbait. the best kind.
Have you forwarded this video to the U.S. military?
Please could you do a video on SpaceX's BFR? (like if you agree).
We can fucking kill North Korea with a launch of like the Hiroshima bomb.
No need to stop something that won't hit
How to stop it? Just use a laserpointer on it. Period.
Option 1 do nothing their missiles are crap. Option 2 topple north korea sooner than laterOption 3 actual missile defenceOption 4 prick waving contest
Step 1, stop letting America sell them to North Korea
3:07 yeah, german navy (Sachsen-class) :D
Awesome intro
Can some one steal it.
Aegis is no means of defense.\nIt is meant to be a means of escape from RETALIATION.
They might be more of a threat from the EMP, rather than a direct hit. Set the bomb off when it's still above the atmosphere and fry everything electronic below. Also means you don't need to bother coming up with a re-entry system.
Just because the U.S. signed something with Russia doesn't mean that both country's didn't make something. There's no way we would leave our country underfunded. Plus the U.S. doesn't listen to anyone. We do things we shouldn't but do them anyways
Intercepting a nuclear head is still extremely dangerous. A nuclear blast is harmful at any altitude, anywhere.
I don’t understand why humans can’t just shut the fuck up and leave everyone else alone. Do your own thing. Humans are gonna make humans go extinct. We are the only life that we know of. We need to keep ourselves alive and spread across the galaxy and do great things!
Can you do a video of Elon's new BFR, Thanks love your videos! Keep up the great work!
How to make people even more pointlessly afraid of something that is not going to happen.
North Korean doesnt have nuclear weapons. Your next video should about stopping western progaganda and the tyrany  of the US instead of contributing to it. \nUNSUBSCRIBED...
There's always tech that you don't know about. If North Korea tries to bomb it will be recorded stopped and returned to sender. I guarantee that no nuclear bomb will ever go off unless both sides agree on it
Why is there a arrow in the thumbnail man\nWhy?
I am Only young,I feel bad for people like me having to worry the hell out of this thing Because I live In UK if they start Russia battling then we’re dead ;(
What happened to the star wars program were a satalite would fire a beam of energy at a missile in its silo
Could a railgun shoot down icbm?
does anyone else remember when the US Navy destroyed that old US satellite falling back to earth in 2008? We did that with an SM(Standard Missile)from an Aegis Class destroyer. The satellite was 130 miles high and moving at thousands of miles per hour. Not only did the SM hit the target successfully the actual impact point was point on perfect. That was OVER EIGHT YEARS AGO! What we are capable of now has indeed advanced since then....we will have to wait and see
If it worked, how did NK recently fire a rocket over Japan?
BMDS more like BDSM
Blah blah blah... stfu
4:19 WTF?????..... OMG.... Heavy breathing.....
https://youtu.be/m6MOaECL6FM
Fearmonger\nWarmonger
press f
Just give some thought as to what happens to a nuclear warhead after kinetic impact assuming that the missile defense shield is not just another load of American marketing bollocks. Where do you think the fallout will end up?
How to stop American nuclear missile ?? They have 6000+ warheads !!
Spray xylene on it-- will rot the rubber bands.   🐸🐸
why don´t they just load a nuke on board a long range super stealth diesel sub and sail it to the port of a major city?
this fat kid needs a spanking
Being worried about North Korea, is like being afraid of the boogie man. What you should really be afraid of is Russia. That's like having herpes, except this herpes can actually kill you.
Are we just ignoring the fact that Democrats derailed the missile defense shield just because they hated Ronald Reagan and America? Reagan and every Republican since wanted to fully fund and push for a missile defense shield, but the Democrats just didn't like him and were traitors to America, so they derailed and defunded the missile shield. Obama was  the latest Democrat to do so. Now North Korea wants to launch missiles at us, and we don't have a full scale missile shield.
The way to stop North Korea is to get the loud mouth loser Chump trump to STFU and for the USA to mind its own crappy problems at home and stop trying to tell the DPRK what to do ! \n The USA government is the problem not North Korea or Iran or Syria !
When the warheads are deployed in space you have basically no chance. when they are coming than with 4km/s or 14400km/h. Also It's very unlikely that a nation only fires 1 ICBM. each ICBM can have up to multiple warheads.
heres how you stop NK missile\n\n\n*Read more*
Next up\nHow to stop the imperialism and warmongering of America
noway to stop. all those for show selling story selling arms. try flying.
I want the plan to go wrong so they can't nuke
The fact that this video has been made tells us something about the state of the world right now. Though it's to be expected that when two insane retarded children have a catfight, someone will suffer.
How to stop Stop north korea nudes \n1. Suck your own dick
4:25.....WTF was that?   was that just floating around on micro rocket bursts?
NK starting a nuclear war with the US is like a guy with one snow ball starting a snowball fight vs someone with a few thousand snowballs.
I thought we just look at it
How can we stop this USrAel terrorism!\nThe world do not need this Rockefeller rothschild capitalism warfare
We are Russia we have superior technology!!!
What if a North Korean sub sneaks through Mexican waters and fires a Missile there? Then What?\nWe got San Diego the Pacific Fleet in danger.
Thaad cannot intercept an ICBM and be useless for protecting mainland USA
It would be suicide for NK to engage in nuclear warfare with the US. Kim Jong Un might not care about his citizens but he still would want to keep his country.
You know shits gonna get ugly when you get these kinds of videos recommended
Let them have their nukes.\nThey are not stupid enough to use them.
Pull the pin and throw it back...?
If NK launched a real nuke, whether it hits its target or not, NK would have been turned to a smoldering wasteland before their missile even reached the terminal stage.
American Wars\n\nThe American Revolution\n1775-1783\n\nThe Indian Wars\n1775-1890\n\nShay's Rebellion\n1786-1787\nRebellion\nAnti-(state)Government Rebels vs. Massachusetts\n\nThe Whiskey Rebellion\n1794\nRebellion\nAnti-Tax Rebels in Western Pennsylvania\n\nQuasi-War With France\n1798-1800\nInter-State (Naval) War\nFrance \n\nFries's Rebellion The Hot Water War\n1799\nRebellion\nAnti-Tax Rebels in Pennsylvania\n\nThe Barbary Wars\n1800-1815\nInter-State War\nThe Barbary States\n(Tripoli, Algiers & Morocco)\n\nThe War of 1812\n1812-1815\nInter-State War\nGreat Britain\nThe Growing & Troubled Republic\n\nPrimary Name of Conflict Dates of Conflict \n(U.S. Involvement Only)\nType of Conflict Primary Opponent(s) \nof the United States \n\nMexican-American War\n1846-1848\nInter-State War\nMexico\n\nU.S. Slave Rebellions\n1800-1865\nSlave Rebellions\nVarious Slave groups\n\nBleeding Kansas\n1855-1860\nCivil War (state of Kansas)\nPro-Slavery vs. Anti-Slavery Kansans\n\nBrown's Raid on Harper's Ferry\n1859\nRebellion\nAnti-Slavery Rebels (Led by John Brown)\n\nUnited States Civil War\n1861-1865\nCivil War\nUnited States (The North) \nvs.\nThe Confederate States (The South)\n\n\nU.S. Intervention in Hawaiian Revolution\n1893\nInternal Rebellion & Foreign Intervention\n\nThe Spanish-American War\n1898\nInter-State War\n\nU.S. Intervention in Samoan Civil War\n1898-1899\nCivil War & Foreign Intervention\n\nU.S.-Philippine War\n1899-1902\nColonial War, War of Imperialism\n\nBoxer Rebellion\n1900\nInternal Rebellion & Foreign Intervention\nChinese Government & Boxer Rebels\n\nThe Moro Wars\n1901-1913\nColonial Wars\nPhilippine Muslim Rebels\n\nU.S. Intervention in Panamanian Revolution\n1903\nSecessionist Revolution & Foreign Intervention\nColombia\n\nThe Banana Wars\n1909-1933\nCivil Wars & Foreign Intervention\nVarious Rebel Groups In Central America\n\n\nU.S. Occupation of Vera Cruz\n1914\nInter-State War\nMexico\n\nPershing's Raid Into Mexico\n1916-1917\nInter-State, Border War\nMexican Government & Mexican Rebels (Bandits)\n\nWorld War I\n1917-1918 (American involvement only)\nInter-State War\nGermany\n\nAllied Intervention in Russian Civil War\n1919-1921\nCivil War & Foreign Intervention\nRussian Bolshevik (Soviet) Government\n\nWorld War II\n1941-1945 (American involvement only)\nInter-State War\nGermany, Japan & Italy\n\nThe Cold War\n1945-1991\nGlobal Inter-State Cold War\nThe Soviet Union & Communist China \n\nThe Korean War\n1950-1953\nInter-State War\nNorth Korea & China\n\nThe Second Indochina War Vietnam War\n1956-1975\nCivil War, Inter-State War\nNorth Vietnam & South Vietnamese Viet Cong Rebels\n\nU.S. Intervention in Lebanon\n1958\nCivil War & Foreign Intervention\nNo real foe for U.S. Troops landed to support Lebanon Gov.\n\nDominican Intervention\n1965\nCivil War & Foreign Intervention\nRebels in the Dominican Republic\n\nThe Mayaguez Rescue Operation\n\nNews Story 1975 (May 15)\nHostage Rescue & Inter-State Conflict\nKhmer Rouge Guerrillas (the new government of Cambodia)\n\nIranian Hostage Rescue Desert One or Operation Eagle Claw\n1980 (April 25)\nHostage Rescue & Inter-State Conflict\nIran\n\nU.S. Libya Conflict\n1981, 1986\nInter-State War\nLibya\n\nU.S. Intervention in Lebanon\n1982-1984\nCivil War,Foreign Intervention & Inter-State War\nSyria & Various Muslim and Leftist Lebanese Militias\n\nU.S. Invasion of Grenada\n1983\nInter-State War\nMarxist Grenadian Faction & Cuba\n\nThe Tanker War\n\nOperation Earnest Will\n1987-1988\nInter-State War\nIran\n\nU.S. Invasion of Panama\n1989\nInter-State War\nPanama\n\nSecond Persian Gulf War Operation Desert Storm\n1991\nInter-State War\nIraq\n\nNo-Fly Zone War\n1991-2003\nInter-State War\nIraq\n\nU.S. Intervention in Somalia\n1992-1994\nCivil War & Foreign Intervention\nVarious Somali Militias\n\nNATO Intervention in Bosnia (Operation Deliberate Force) Summary\n1994-1995\nCivil War,Foreign Intervention & Inter-State War\nBosnian Serb Rebels\n\nU.S. Occupation of Haiti\n1994\nForeign Intervention\nHaitian Government\n\nU.S. Embassy bombings and strikes on Afghanistan and Sudan (The bin Laden War)\nAugust, 1998\nTerrorist Conflict\n\nDesert Fox Campaign (part of U.S./Iraq Conflict)\nDecember, 1998\nInter-State War\nIraq\n\nKosovo War\n1999\nCivil War, Foreign Intervention & Inter-State War\nYugoslavia/Serbia\n\nAttack on the USS Cole\nOctober 12, 2000\nTerrorist Conflict\nTerrorists associated with Osama bin Laden\n\nAttack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon\nSeptember 11, 2001\nTerrorist Conflict\nOsama bin Laden's al-Qaida organization\n\nAfghanistan War (Operation Enduring Freedom)\nOctober 7, 2001-Present\nWar against Terrorism\nThe Taliban and Osama bin Laden's Al-Qaida organization\n\nThird Persian Gulf War Operation Iraqi Freedom\nMarch 19, 2003-Present\nInter-State War\nIraq
WHAT IS THIS?!! WHY AREN'T YOU PEOPLE PAYING ATTENTION TO IMPORTANT THINGS LIKE THE ALLEGED SUBLIMINAL RACISM OF CHILDREN'S STORIES?
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE SDI OR STAR WARS? HOW MUCH IF ANY OF IT WAS DEPLOYED?
It wont happen. Just bullshit in name of nothing. Chine set the rules there and wont let it happen. Otherwise a new Korea north and south come together as one economy and massively grown as territory. Since South Korea produces technology, there you can find Samsung headquarter. Never in this short decades an invasion ou a peaceful union between them will happen. Its just the fear they want you to be real. Once again it shows that the era of corporations world wide is the new order. Welcome to the ilusion of true. Just a bunch of idiots raised by their dog grandmothers that  started our technology with the goal to create the most powerful circus in the world. If you can buy coca cola there, means... Corporations runs the show, because cause all the countries in the world just cant political 'help them' but still, North Korea gives money back to  North America consume that slaves us to support the rich stay cool.
What about dummy rockets to overwhelm the defense system? Isn't that a thing? NK might be able to do that... ?
You have to play Rick and morty musically's in order to stop a North Korea nuke
Reminds me of Missile Command...a game that couldn't be beat.
Send over a TR3B and smash the surface with our kinetic cannon...
Wait did I hear that right, $149 = modest fee?  Maybe it's just that I'm unfamiliar with video making  but wouldn't google.com provide you the same material but for a real modest fee of free?
yet how to stop american drone bombs raining down on children, on civilians, on poor unprotected people in a school, hospital, a marriage or even the side walk .. Assholes like you never make films about the reality .. always hoodwinking .. copying third grade graphics and hollywood trailers .. pathetic trash Duh Engineering Crap !
THAAD isn't even the main BMD weapon. \n\nThe Standard Missile 3 is. \n\nThe SM 3 has a top speed of mach 15+\n\nWe also have various kinetic options.\n\nAnd then there are the lasers.
Thats easy. Just send a commando team to cut the rubber band on their slingshot.
How To Stop A North Korean Nuclear Missile\n\nStep 1. Watch it stop itself in the ocean.\nStep 2. Repeat Step 1
How to stop a ballistic missile\n\n\n\n\nWe have to push the missile out of the way
wow, storyblock is amazing!
The Israeli Arrow-3 is way better than THAAD and was developed with a fraction of the cost.
North Korea uses their Nuclear Stockpile to sustain their stability in the world stage. The Nuclear weapons are to keep the US at bey, as well as giving off a possible threat of 'nuking' South Korea or Japan to keep their stance on Global Power. North Korea wouldn't dare to launch a 'ICBM' or Nuclear Weapon at the US. However, the US fear of North Korean nuclear usage would keep the US from directly conflicting NK. As well as keeping the Kim Regime standing.
North Korea doesn't want to nuke, or fight, with the US.  \nNorth Korea only wants to frighten the US enough so that they, North Korea, can retake South Korea.  If the US gets involved in such a war, North Korea will lose but if North Korea can scare off the US (or at least delay it) it could win. Will the US be willing to possibly get Seattle or L.A. nuked to save South Korea?  North Korea doesn't think so.
You mean rocket, paper, scissors?
...short on information...probably limited to public treaties and policies...cf gps-sway that moves Washington DC a hundred miles to the left but so-gradually you could still drive by it at 600 mph but not 6000...
Just lovely! Really looking forward to that watercolor blush video!
This is super gorgeous sam! And pls start dating again.. You are so hot! 😻 much love frm malaysia  ❤️
Any man should be privileged to have the opportunity to date you! Best wishes and hope you find the One who appreciates you!
Your hair is amazing as well. Awesome overall look!
I loved this makeup!!! It's just wonderful for the day. Love it❤️
Sam could you do a flattering eye shadow look for hooded eyes with light eyeliner?
I would love to see a coppery, burnt Orange eye look
hello Im new to your channel. How come your eye is so white? I think that helps with your make up. My eye is really red. Probs from the computer I use at work. But what do you use that they are so white?
When my 20 yr marriage dissolved at age 40.. per him, it was so hard, dating was the last thing on my mind.  I would hear ppl express that you will know when the time comes.  It's so true, at 47 I met a beautiful man.  Now at age 50, my  3 young girls are young adults now and I am having fun.  Marriage is not a priority, just enjoying life.  Best wishes on your journey
how you talk is so cute hhaha
Well done! Turning 40 soon and I’ve been feeling a tad old lately. Any advice for people with freckles and reddish skin? I can never seem to wear blush (too red) and contouring coupled with the bronzer makes me look dirty...
Date girl! Get your life!
Yes please! A video of all the blush colors ! You look amazing 😉
KiKo is awesome ... love it\nAmazing fast look ... 👍🏻
I'm guessing there's now a humungas queue of men outside your house. Take your pick Mrs, stunning!!!
beautiful! I wouldn't have guessed you're 40 at all :)
You are gorgeous & deserve an awesome guy so get out there!
Like ur nail color maybe u can add info in description box just in case someone likes it 👍🏻
Where do you get your Botox done?
I am sure you’ll find someone to date soon, because you are so gorgeous 😊
Help me out guys I am a new fan of Sam and I was under the impression that she had a husband as mentioned in a video she posted in August. In this video she's talking about dating again. What's the story there? Has she shared that story in another video? Just a bit confused.
Gorgeous! Sorry to hear about your separation from your partner..or maybe not..you seem happy.. fierce woman!!
I am always amazed at how easily some people apply their mascara.  It takes me ages and it's the bit about make up I hate doing most (besides my right eye brow!).
You look stunning. I have been watching your videos for like 5 years. I wish I could have a make up lesson with you
Such a pretty look!!! :) I bought that Nars eyeshadow a couple of months ago and I love it so much, I've been wearing it all summer!!!\np.s: what nail polish are you wearing? It looks like the perfect rosy nude.
Personally I really like dating, just getting to know new people is so interesting. Just have a good time with it en enjoy it. And I like the make up ;)
My God Sam, how are you not a supermodel???? You have the most amazing face!!
Those eyes...soooooo sexy. Damn hot, go on a date, just have some fun 😘
Lol at thinking about men 24/7!
Please do a video to share your skin care routine. Also share a tutorial specific for real techniques brushes for newbies. :)
I wanted to say thank you for your youtube channel.  I suffer from mental illnesses and this channel makes me feel beautiful without having to do anything. Nik and Sam, you two make me feel like I've known you for years.  It makes my day when I get to watch a videos.  Thank you two again, Nikki
Have you tried Hourglass Hyalauronic Foundation? It’s expensive but took a few years off my face bc it’s sort of skincare too...
Oh can you pretty please do a Rachel from Blade Runner make-up/hair look?  I'm so  obsessed with Sean Young! 😍
Gorgeous as usual. So beautiful. It would be a tremendous, wonderful thing for you to be seeing a guy or two, or three! If you want to, I say GO FOR IT, SAM! You certainly deserve all that life is about, again, if you're interested. God knows, there will be an army of men calling around, for you are strikingly attractive, intelligent, interesting, and fun! ❤️❤️❤️
I love this look!
Could you or have you done a video on Primers?
Love the Kevyn Aucoin eye gloss! Saw it in one of the previous video's and wondered what is was that you put on your eyelid :)
I really like your personality
You look so gorgeous. And i think you should try dating again 😊
Would really Love to see the Daniel Sandler blush video!!
ARGH!!  I have that one eye lash that grows straight out too...  Boooooo.   It blows!   Beautiful look btw!
Do you use sun protection? I'm wondering because you said about your skin tone changing with the seasons. You always look great and love your makeup looks btw
Definitely do get back to dating Sam! I got out of horrible long term relationship 4 months ago and it left me in pieces. Been dating someone lovely for a month now and I'm over the moon even though I didn't even consider getting involved with a new person for at least a year 😄 good luck to you, gorgeous ☺️😘
Naturally stunningly gorgeous!!!! Love how elegant you ladies are💚💚
You are stunning and funny. Get dating lady ⚘
gonna shoot myself as I will never look that beautiful ever.. :(
Makeup is so lovely. Love natural makeup. On another note your hair colour is amazing. Do you know what colours your hair dresser uses? 🙄 would love a hair change and yours is very natural looking, gorgeous.
Please make that Daniel sampler liquid blush video!!! Thank you xx
Absolutely gorgeous! You are a natural, stunning beauty and I learn so much from watching your techniques! Love me some Pixiwoo!
You look gorgeous however you do your makeup. This one is particularly pretty, though. The UD primer you mentioned...has it been discontinued?
omg please where'd you get your earrings and the necklace??
You have such pretty eyes! I love how dark hair brings out light eyes. I wish mine were lighter.
Good lawdy, I'm only 20 and my foundation ages my skin so much, making me look 80. My dream is to have my skin glow like yours even though I'm half your age :( Dry skin problems
Aaaaah you are sooo beautyful! I love this makeup and I will have to try it!
Hard to believe you are forty. Start dating again and have fun.
Easy piecey...all you need is her gorgeous mug or at the very least her piercing blue eyes...that's all and a bit of lip balm of course. #UghThoseEyes
I just share this every opportunity I get:\nChris Pratt = Crisp Rat.\nAnyhow, love your videos! I also love the sisterhood between you two.
The way you talked about Chris Pratt was so cute...you are gorgeous :)
I love this look. Simple and yet beautiful. Thank you. ❤️
My goodness you look so stunning, young, glowy and gorgeous!😍💕
That gloss in the last makes you just FUCKING GORGEOUS.
That is amazing. Just amazing. Thank you! I'm trying that look ASAP!
Hey guys, I was wondering if you could help. I have to take daily medication that can make me sweat a lot when I'm out and about and I find it really hard to do a face of make up that will then sit nicely, do you have any suggestions? Thank you! Xxx
When I look at you I see so much Bella Hadid!
*So gorgeous!! NEED all of those products, ASAP. BTW~ Isn't Chris Pratt single now??* 😜 𝕏𝕆.💕💋
Hope you went out and about after doing this look-sure to meet a man and get asked for a date! By all means, start dating-you are young, smart and beautiful-go for it!
Gorgeous Sam and good for you and dating😀👍xx
Sam do you recommend the CT Light Wonder Foundation for mature combination skin over 50? Thanks 😘
Go get your man girl!!!!!!
I know you are beautiful, but this is the prettiest I've ever seen you!! Amazing look, loved it!!
Good God is that a gorgeous look! I can't wait to try it out (once I get my acne cleared up...sob!) :)
I love these types of videos Sam when you are relaxed and chatting to us.  Also love this look x
Could you please talk more about the botox that you have? I remember a while ago you saying you'd had it and didn't like it. What changed your mind?
Beautiful makeup! Hope you will enjoy dating again 💓 (men, be aware 😎)
You look lovely Sam. Very youthful and fresh. Love it!
Lovely 🤗
Wow! Amazing as always!
ok this is HEAVENLY! :o <3
Lovely!!
What happened to Steffo?
Thank you! Gorgeous as always!
Beaut 😍
bellissimo
What moisturisers do you use? :)
Love your chatty tutorials!
Your skin uhhh so perfict
Gorgeous look!
Kate Moss??
Ooh ooh! Chris Pratt is getting divorced! 😙
You r sooooo beautiful
Beautiful
Burnt twigs...
You are adorable
#goals
You look just beautiful <3
Blooooooomin lovely xxxxx
Gorgeous! Oh and get dating 😘
Beautiful look, Sam!  Did you use your Miracle Complexion Sponge wet or dry?
Might you recall (and be able) to share the name of the shade of the Kevyn Aucoin Diamond Eye Gloss you used in this video, please?  Was it Moonlight, or Cosmic?  This look is breathtakingly beautiful on your exquisite face.
Absolutely beautiful 👌 xx
*YAH! NEW PINK MUSIC! Pink never fails to make amazing music and this song is amazing. I'm literally counting down the* *days til her new album on October 13th. Pink is such a raw and talented artist and it would be a dream come true to sing* *with her one day. Hope you like my music. Pink is back and better than ever!*
Germany 🇩🇪 \nI love this song ❤
She really can do no wrong <3
great song <3 I'm in love with P!nk! :)
I have a feeling Beautiful Trauma is just going to shit all over Funhouse's record breakingness... in Australia at least. And Melbourne is totally going to have to figure out a way to fit more people into an arena to see this talented bitch melt out faces off. Though considering the content so far, I think there is probably nothing more relevant or needed in America right now.
Another reason for us to love Pink.
I LOVE HER!!!! SHE'S ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL INSIDE & OUT!!!
It looks like a sequel from Just like a Pill !!!
P!NK please honey, come to 🇵🇱 Poland!
Guys can someone pls reply to my comments 😕\n\n\n\nPls pls pls pls pls I’m begging  you no one ever dies
Pity about the weak lyrics, hope Willow Heart isn’t listening
If You're An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
Beautiful trauma ...never thought of it this way.now it feels better.my beautiful is rock bottom
The best heard it on the radio
Can’t wait for the new album😍🙏🏾💯
I have a dream.. that one day I will be a successful musician, Some people don’t believe in me, but maybe you will <3\nI'm an 20 year old singer/songwriter, i would be honored if you stop by my channel and give me a listen :) thumbs up so others can see? you won't be disappointed  ;)
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
P!nk is my love, my drug, oh!!!
Her music just keeps getting better............
This song is a drug, and I'm addicted to it ♥
I'm addicted to this song right now. Can't get it out of my head. Reminds me of my shitty ex. Love him. Yes. But a fucked-up fucker? Yes as well.
this is so beautiful
Would of been better without the F WORD
Mz Pink!!! You can never go wrong with Pink....NEVER!!  ❤💋
Cool. Thx for this hit!
Raise ur glass cause this song is fuckin perfect ❤
I really don’t know why i’m crying right now :( this is so beautiful ❤️
Song needs more views!! Love this song and you Pink!! Ur my fav
This song really blows me away. Luv u forever P!NK
oh my God p!nk you really never disappoint your fans...thanks you so much i love it.
In love with it
this is basically how I feel having a crush on a straight guy,we are bffs aswell
Been Pink fan since 2001, I was teen in 2006, when Who Knew and U + Ur Hand came. Those years were before we got Kesha, Lady Gaga and Rihanna (Sorry, if Rihanna debuted in 2006, it was long ass time ago).
She is and will always be my rock n' roll girl crush!\nAWESOME... that's my girl!
P!nk imo is one of the only artist who is consistant with great songs! I covered Beautiful Trauma on my channel come over and check it out :)
LOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH!💖
Go out Bitches ! Queen P!nk is here <3 <3 <3
I love how p!nk is soooo real in her songs. Love her
for some reason I want to sing safety dance when that base drop kicks in
Wow, Oh My God, Amazing. she just gets better and better. You rock Pink
Better than the first single. P!NK is back!
in love with this song, with your voice, with you dlflslssllskfjea
you need love with man to close case..
Two thumbs up from me Bravo.
reminds me of Just like a pill..love it
Goosebumps!!! I am sooo happy. P!nk, my love, my drug, is back!
she always does it ❤
Hey Guys. Go check to my channel! ✔
Nice to get a great song after a tragic tragedy
Can anyone please check my recent music video and sub to me?🖤
My lumps my lumps my lovely lady lumps
Beautiful song love Pink
SOOOOOOOO GOODDDDDDDD
Hi
👍
Love you Pink 💖 💖 💖 💖 💖. Thank you for Beautyfull Musik 🎶
P!nk - Beautiful Trauma
Raping the replay button 😭 😅😜
😎😎🔝🔝🔝💖💖💖
P!nk never disappoints me
Ummmm.  Wow!
My love
Absolutely amazing as always
OBSESSED
😍😍😍
Incredible song
*My lOVE,My DRUG* 👽✌
YES!!!!!!!
Argentina. 🙋
We fuck up
Brasil? 😍❤
Her music keeps me going. It's real, this one next to The Great Escape is my favorite.
Who else heard my humps when she sings my love???
Omgggg this is amazing love ya Pink
PInk, I love you!!!! You are beautiful and elegant!!!💋👍
i love this song
pink never changed.. great songs... am i right guys
👍
Trauma is Japanese?
i love it.
I like it
amazing！
Nothing but you! 💗
love it!!!!
❤️ my perfect rock bottom
P!nk - Beautiful Trauma
Amei ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Mi diva ❤
❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣❣
Need a video ASAP
P!NK is absolutely flawless ❤
Pink è la migliore. Na gran figa.chi ha una voce simile!?!?!NESSUNO
love this song ❤👍👏💥
Wonderful song 💚💙💜
P!nk - Beautiful Trauma
Oh..love it
:D
Wow..it's fucking amazing! \nGreece ♥
she is the girl who went to America got talent, or Britain got talent( I don't know, one of them) and got angry??
Nice to see he wants to stay thank god
A good manager, making positive steps..\nI hope Kane continues as he is too. For England and Spurs!
Western populations should shed their illusions. Our governments are committing war crimes and imposing an overseas holocaust on non-belligerent countries. The West and its allies are terrorizing and destroying countries and they are falsely projecting their own high crimes onto their victims.
In all seriousness what are you and Oliver gonna do when addams is over 😔 yous still need to see eachother 😩🙏🏼
What foundation do you use? And your contour? I'm seeing the show in London next Wednesday. I'm dressing up as morticia. <3
Are u and olly dating? It would be ao lovely if you did!!
It was so lovely to meet you yesterday
do you think watch me wednesdays AND shadow me sundays would be too hard to do??? It would literally make me 2x happier every week xx love you carrie!
Hey Carrie, as a musical theatre student i am really intrigued  to know what your health regime is to keep your voice at its full potential every day of the tour. Any tips would be great! xx
Your vlogs are the absolute favorite part of my week!!!
i'm so curious as to what oliver said now
Looks like you're having so much fun with this tour! I'm so glad for you!\nAlso would you maybe be able to slip into your next Watch Me Wednesday how you tie your LUSH knot wrap? I've seen a few different ways but it looks gorgeous on you xx\nHope you're keeping well xx
Carrie you should try micellar water to get your makeup off. works wonders!
still wishing i can watch you in singapore!! if only time allowed it.
Watch me Wednesday are my favorite videos!
These videos are always such a joy!
Carrie, where is that War Of The World's statue!??!
Bake off is legit the best way to end the night of shows. My husband and I do the same thing! Mary and Paul all day.
Your attitude and stance is just so great because I feel you are making unbelievably so much efforts so that everyone can understand what you feel :) it's impossible to do that without massive love to everyone. I always respect you girl! I really hope someday I can come to see you performing from Japan!! Love xxxx
since when did carrie rebranded, i don't really watch her that much but i was scrolling through my subscriptions and i was like wOAH when did this happen?
Hi Carrie, my girlfriend is a really big fan of yours and Ive tried to send you a letter but it got returned to me as the addressee wasn't there, is therr a time you will definitely be there to receive mail? Love the video btw!
Hi Carrie I saw you in chitty chitty bang bang  last year and the Adams family this year in sheffield. When I saw the the ads nd family Scott was playing uncle fester. After the show I went to stage door to  meet you but you didn't come out but I met Oliver and Samantha if was amazing,. I love your video you make me cry with laughter love you loads love from Grace xxxxx ❤❤❤
Where is 'It'swaypastmybedtime' she changed the name.
Oliver reminds me of Jack Harris a little bit
We are doing Addams Family for our school music. I’m trying out for puglsy, do you have any tips?
I love your videos! You're wonderful! xxx
The guy you were singing with on the stairs has taught me at my drama school loads!
I would love to see Scott as Fester but I'm a bit worried about Les! He has been off for ages. Hope he is doing okay. I'm seeing the show in Glasgow! Can't wait to see a vlog there if you do one ☻
I use to sing the song they were singing at the beginning with my choir, and I loved it :)
I love watching these... I literally watch these for the costumes so I can design costumes based off them for my production of Addams. Everything is so amazing here, thank you for showing us these Carrie. I know all of us in my production of Addams love your videos
Can't wait to see you perform in the Grand in October! I went to see the English Youth Ballet today and it was brilliant, then I bought tickets to see The Addams Family and I realised at half time that you were performing!! It was a great surprise
Hi Carrie. I saw you at the stage door today. I was the one that probably looked very nervous. (I was wearing a pink dress)\nI loved your performance. You were amazing!
I watched it today and it was amazing!! So glad I saw it!
All small YouTube's let's all help eachother out.sub to me and comment done. Then ill sub to you
I saw your show in Sheffield for my 7 year anniversary, you were amazing! I heard every word right from the back, and I thought you were the best singer by far.
My school's doing Addams Family this year, and I love watching these videos and hearing about your experience with the show. It's one of the reasons why I'm so excited to do it!
I'm so sad cause I was meant to be seeing it tonight but it turns out I can't come, and I really wanted to come see it cause the last time I saw you perform was in les mis and you're my favourite west end actress :(❤️❤️
I'm guessing you never know when you're going to stage door because I'll be seeing Addams family on Wednesday (oohhh) and I would love to see you at stage door but of course I get it if you aren't there
The warmup is always my favourite part of these vlogs
I came to the wednesday show in working with my school and you were absolutely incredible!!!!
ok im shocked by how long your hair has grown. i got used to seeing you with a wig or in a bun
I get so excited when a new video comes up! How many more Watch Me Wednesday's are there?
Awww I LOVE this video Carrie. I love watching the behind the scenes of all the work it takes to put on a touring theatre show omg xxx
i KNEW my hair was growing super slow compared to usually. You confirmed it coz I cut my hair about the same length shortly after you did. And I've been thinking that my hair has grown SO slowly than usual, and now I've been confirmed.
Hey guys please subscribe to my channel ❤️❤️
Awww Carrie watching you meet all the people at stage door made my heart so happy, one of my travel goals in life is to see one of your shows and hopefully meet you one day but WELL DONE THIS WAS A GOOD EPISODE ❤
I sat in the same seat that Oliver is in last time I went to the Sovereigns. Huh.. Oooh!. I went to see the show at 5 on Friday (29th) at Woking. You were amazing, Oliver was amazing, Scott was amazing. 'Full Disclosure', I loved it.
Your video is the 7 most trending video on YouTube atm!!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉
You & Oliver are actual friendship goals <3
Anyone else REALLY want to hear the inappropriate things that Oliver said? 😂
Why dafuq is this trending 6th, it has 56k views?????!!!!
Hahah I love the ending :'D
Aaah! I went to see the first show on Friday! I was like, middle, top in the audience. My mind is blown that you were filming somewhere I walk past several times a week. The sovereigns is a great pub - opposite the cycle shop on the corner and a walking distance from the station. I recognise the party shop because it's the shop which opens at weird times and is almost always empty. It's so weird! The chips \nin the sovereign are good tho! Anyway, the show was aammaazing!! If you guys haven't watched it, I suggest you do. It's amazing. My fave bit is whenever you pulled the creepy eyebrow slanty face thingy. Anyway, thank you again!! 😃😃
I am dying to fly to Singapore for the show!! But I live in Hong Kong (which is not that far if you consider Europe) and I have school :/ Will you be in the Singaporean tour? love you!  (also, will try to watch this ten times more to figure out what Oliver was saying) cheers x
I CANT WAIT for you guys to come to singapore :'')
I love that everyone has beer and then there's Carrie's wine glass hahahh that's absolutely me
I saw you in Cardiff Carrie and I'm seeing you again tonight, can't wait!! Break a leg to all!!
I would hope Captain America would be a bit more sure of himself 😂😂😂
Oliver trying an American accent sounds so much like Captain Jack Harkness omg
I love your friendship with everyone!! It’s so great to watch <3
I understand why but sometimes I'm so sad your channel is PG because I need to know what Oliver said in the pub
Carrie! Don't use wipes to get your makeup off. Use the Camomile Cleansing Butter from The Body Shop. It's not harsh on your skin at all and it gets rid off your make up very easily. It's also cruelty free and so much better for the environment than those wipes! x
Are you the only one from the original U.K. Cast going to Singapore? 🙃
Hunnyyy you’re hairs getting so long it’s gorgeous!!
Ah you went to my local! Good old Sovs.
❤Great video 😁 Please check out our small YouTube channel and subscribe if you like the content ❤
can't wait to watch you in Singapore!\nhope i can see you as well! I dont remember Mediacorp Theatre having a stage dooor
Are you actively trying to grow your hair out again or is it because too busy to get a hair cut? Also, loved seeing the after hours!
I’m really going to miss the Carrie and Oliver show when Addams Family is over. You guys make me giggle. 💕
Hi Carrie! Just a quick question for you and your cast mates. My school is starting our own production of the Addams family and I was thinking if any of you had any advice for playing your characters or tips for making things more fun/enjoyable in these cooky and spooky roles. If you do, I'm sure we'd love to hear from you amazing actors! Thank you and have a lovely day <3
CRAZY FOR YOU I FREAKED OUT WHEN I HEARD IT my friend was just in the musical
So many media interviews will leave you PRESSED for time!
Watching you Scott and Oliver just makes me happy 😊 ❤️ xx
Carrie, did Oliver share the After Eights I gave him for you all on Thursday night at stage door? :D
UK stage doors are so chill I expected ear drum bursting screams but overall it was quite quiet
I'm sure you've already tried it but coconut oil is amazing at getting make up off. :)
Ooh are you going on tour to Singapore too? That's exciting! :D\nSo looking forward to seeing the show in Glasgow!
I have to say it's weird to watch you be at my home town! Also sovereigns is definitely one of the nicer pubs in woking! Watched the show on Tuesday so didn't see you at stage door
You are so sweet at the stage door! A true inspiration. I would love to meet you one day!
I'm two subs away from 425 PLEASE help me reach it, I ONLY NEED 2 MORE SUBS!!\n\nCHEERS GUYS!
She's like our own little celebrity! Lol xoxo
My mum came up to Bristol last weekend to see the show with me on Sat evening, it was bloody amazing! Thank you so much to you and the rest of the cast for putting on an awesome show!! Big love <3
Omg I love the ending 😂❤
Hey I saw you tonight in Woking and you were absolutely insane. Keep doing what you’re doing because you and the rest of the cast were incredible xxxx
without sounding too much like regina george, I LOVE your jumper, where did you get it? (but seriously, the grey one, I love it).
Did anyone else notice the kissing-sound around 6.58 or was that just me????
Carrie are you growing your hair long again (i was just wandering)\nP.s you were in the first les mis show my mum wached
Ollie is just the most precious gem ❤❤ i adore you both
I'm going to be subscribing to anyone who likes this comment and subscribes to my channel! Comment when done (legit)
Your hair is lovely!!!
I know Steven lol.
Bake off traitors 😛😉
Is Samantha womwick eg Ronnie Mitchell eastenders the mum
Oliver's dance omg
oh gosh, your poor skin! :D
What your funniest moment on stage
lol love it :)
Wonderful 🤗😘
<3
but wheres pete
It's so strange to me how stage door works for the west end. In almost any venue on broadway in New York,or on a tour,there's a barrier and the actor walks down the line and says hey to everybody.
Oliver does a pretty good American accent. Speaking of, could you do a video where you talk with one, at least the parts where it's just you talking to the camera? I'm curious what that sounds like lol.
Carrie you need to use coconut oil! It will melt your makeup off. Just scoop up a bit and massage it on and the makeup comes all off! Plus it leaves your skin nice and moisturized and leaves a nice base for anything you put on after
Dog gonna be walkn him in a year
Ca you get me one
ARIA IS SO CUTE, I WANT TO HUG HER TO DEATH(kidding of course)
Did anyone see ari hit the dog at6:25
* sniffle sniffle*Even is all grown up
*just came back from school\nme: ok i don't have any homework so i have time to watch a vlog on Logan's channel \n*goes on youtube home page looks at thumbnail \nme: ok frick Logan im watching Dwarf Mamba
I am not a dwarf  but i like your channel
you need to make new vids and no i am not a hater
I feel so weird watching Logan's vlogs and the camera is so high then watching your vlogs being so low to the ground 😂😂😂
Seen u body surfing on Jakes vid and became fan :) Totally made me wanna come back to cali for some beach time lol Congrats on the new pup very adorable!!!
I`m literally so happy for you getting a dog <3 You two are perfect for eachother!
Dwarf Mamba u da best Logan is to
I was the first sub
U are so funny 😂😂😂
He would have had more funny name if it was midget mamba
If you are her DAD. Then that would make you a DOG. Are you a dog. \n\nThat would explain. The Behavioral problems. That you have.  So you are a  DOG fucker. And the so called DOG is a mix of your D.N.A. & that of a dog. \nWOW you are one sick dude. \n\nNOW is none of that is true then you are not her DAD. Then you just need to learn. What the words you are saying mean. \nI hope you figure it out. Good luck with it. Poor poor DOG. It need a Master with a brain that's not so dumb. HAY MAYBE the dog can teach you. It seem to have a higher IQ! LOL
Can you be racist(?) against cardboard? Cardboard...ism... something? Cardboard...ist? \n\nDude! You sold the beard to pay for the puppy?!\n\nTell the s-bob I said “hey”.
is it american stafford? please answer
Are u dumb h has 1 mill subs cause HES WITH LOGAN
Let Kong met her! That would be so cute pls Evan
...I bet you really did fuck a dog you creepy little midget, but how? Was the dog lying on its side or did your sawed off ass use a step stool...
That looks like my puppy i sold
Haha my sister's name is Aria
OH!!! FUCK!!! I DIDN'T KNOW YOU HAVE A YOUTUBES!!!!
What type of dog is that?
What type of dog is arya
Oh my god tell me why she has the perfect name
Him:it won't smell ,just get some febreze or some thing
Is that a staff?
I have found the tiny Jesus!
I have a dog like that one
Hi this was my first time watching you I loved it you are amazing
give her the biggest cage you can find
Oml I cringed and squealed at the same time.
One day she will be bigger than u lol
*I CAN MAKE THESE WORDS BOLD*
You were always my dad 😉😉 I'm sorry
I subscribed and turned on notifications and liked
She named after a pretty little liars charachters
Oreo is so cute he almost looks like my dog but different dried
So never knew about dis channel OML I SUB TO LOGAN AN DWARF OMLLLLLLLLLL
OMG what kind of dog is that please tell us!!??
What king of dog is she?
What a little vlog. Jk love you.
You are being a parent Ivan 🤗🐶💕💕💕💕❤️❤️❤️❤️
When are you going to repay logan.....you know for the Rolex and.your pet fish. Just asking
What's her pedigree look like? Bloodlines? DNA test at the least? No proof of her being a Pit Bull without seeing her American Pit Bull Terrier lineage :)
I love ur channel but I would LOVE it if u we're to make vids more often and longer thumbs up so he can see
I love the name Aria.
To all you 2k of dislikes he is doing better than you so maybe just be thankful and if you don’t like it don’t watch it. \nIs it that hard why would you watch it if you don’t like it? 😶
shut
More Arya vids please
What breed is Aria?
Nawww❤
At 8:10 you hear mavrivk
Cool bro
These videos are cringe
Call it Harley
soo cute
HAI EVAN!
Cute puppy  Evan
I never seen you're \nCanllnds but I see you in\nLp videos
she´s   cute
Puppy: ouch\nAt 6:26
Aria is a pitbull?
Did you shave your beard?
Hi bro
Even you are asom
tipini siktimin orospu çocuğu
i love you
1 milllll
Great video
we want Evan
Stop being so boring in logans vlogs now
Hi Evan cool video
MORE EVAN AND ARIA
6(?'gggvbhhg frfr tyycg
😠😠😠
We want Evin
DWARFS GET SUBS FAST RIGH
Let’s Go Pens
Pause at 5:36 , thank me later :)
You had shaved you beard
My name is Ariah loll yayyy❤️❤️❤️❤️🦄🦄🦄😍
Hi
Your dog is cute
aw cute puppy
sooooooo cute
Please post daily
Who is cuter 1.Kong or 2.Aria   tbh idk
#DwarfFamily
Make her an instagram
Are are so cool
Dwarfinators!
Imagine Ayla the jealous tiny girl
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cute!!!!!!!!!!
I subscribed!!!
new subbed from Logan .💙🤤💙🤤
Omg I just realized that this vid was made after my bday (I just got a new puppy in August
We want evan and kong and i am Delaney and I am 7😉😉😉😉😉😉🏈🏈😜😜
Watch my last video for more awesome content. Subscribe if you like it. Thankyou :)
Cory HornIsn't studying at night and in the morning the same as studying in the morning and at night if you do it consecutively....
Im unsubscribing due to the fact this channel promotes sudo science.
Wow I’m not surprised 😕
I’m procrastinating by watching this video 🤷🏽‍♀️
I have a burning question WHY ARE GUYS BLESSED WITH EYELASHES
How to understand faster and better .
(<(<(<  Summary of the Video  >)>)>)\n\n00:00 Intro and about the Subject\n00:13 Skip the Laptop (1)\n00:35 Study-Sleep-Study (2)\n01:02 Modify Practice (3)\n01:41 Get Some Exercise (4)\n01:55 Mnemonic Device (5)\n02:30 Say It out Loud (6)\n02:46 Stay Hydrated (7)\n03:08 Reward Yourself (8)\n03:30 What's Brilliant and the End\n\nIf I helped you, don't forget to like my comment.
Do a video on effects of promethazine with codeine.
Hell yeah, A$AP Science!
0:40 How many people were in each of these groups? The difference of 2.5 words correct wouldn't really prove much if the sample size was small.\n\nAlso, how the hell do you get half of a word right? 😂
My exam is next moring \nI have been using this method for quite a while now  .... it dose help \nIm just so worried \nPlease pray for me  😣
Wtf ? Learning in the morning taking a break and learning in the evening is the same as learning in the evening sleeping and learning in the morning, they study at the same times, the sleep at the same times and they take a break at the same times X.x
Mr AsapScience What If The earth stop Rotating?
Next Sunday is my Chemistry exam😲😱\n\n\n\n\n\n😪But first i need a cat nap😅
Which software is used to make these kind of videos. Can anyone help me?
Watching this one week before my final exams
Can you do a reactivity series song
I have a handwriting problem and struggle to note take with paper as the pen hurts my hand and it takes me a minute to write each sentence. I find it easier and more helpful to use a laptop. Should I continue?
What if you have a lead based brain
That feelinf When you want to learn but you know the school end 2 days ago
This is why critical thinking is so important!
How do I learn how to learn faster, faster?
Hey can you please do a video on what happens to your body when you stop drinking alcohol
So if your every watched Lucy do you think we can try and access all of our brain @AsapSCIENCE
Could you make a vedio of:\n\nWays to decrease or stop constipation
You should do a video about how to grow your hair longer!
These are mostly ways to memorize faster, not necessarily learn.
AP Psychology got me questioning my existence
That sleep between study so true.  I kinda tested and tried my self during exams.  In morning i could recall alot of stuff what i learn last night.. But not in the other case.
Got a question!! What makes somebody more or less bully, vengative and, more broadly bad?
@1:01 playback at 0.5x speed...coffee comes in and disappears
Can you please do a video on autism
Hey AsapScience! Could you please do a video on Coeliac Disease. I have it and would love it if you spread the word of what is is and how to not get ill from it. Thanks.
Oh cmon I just finished a physics test and probably failed and now i see this video??
1. Disable email notifications\n2. Disable facebook notifications\n3. Switch off phone\n4. Only google what's related to your topic\n5. Have a willpower to actually follow these 4 steps.
People learn facts more faster than people learning boring text lines
So yeah am I the only one who seen the cup of coffee
Well actually it depends on wether you learn by repetition or by concept.
WELL WHY DIDNT YOU MADE THIS VIDEO LAST WEEK. I JUST HAD MY MID-TERM TEST LAST WEEK 😭😭 well I mean this is still important but this was too late... NO HATE!! I'm just sad ;-;
It would be nice to hear the narrative over the sound of the music(noise), but alas.....seems to be the major trend these days. Background noise so loud you can't hear what they say.
My class is morning til evening, and tomorrow I have 3 tests 😭😭
Most of these tips are what I, an adult with ADHD, used to get through graduate school. 👍
can u guys make a videro on how to learn a new language easily?
It seems the wiggle thing is the new copy paste fad
here because I've recently been having trouble focusing and learning in class :) thanks!
Piston firing order. 153624.\n15 is to young \n36 is to old\n24 is juuuussssstttt right.
One of the greater channels on YouTube in my opinion
That's right, sleep is really underrated. Schools need to learn that people don't learn better by having to cram more information. They need to be sane to absorb and understand information. Also, pay your interns.
I know your cousin, Mark.
I can't keep up with profs if I were to write everything by hand, I would miss a lot of information. Better to write it out on my own time later.
King Philip Came Over From Great Spain, AKA Kingdom Phylum Class Order Genus Species... My teacher tought me that.
How do I remember this video?
So many awesome tips asapscience!!! thank you for this <3
this did not help me learn 4 pages of irish
The combination between badminton and tennis isn’t really accurate. Badminton is very different and doesn’t even come close to tennis in any kind of way, except it’s both played with a racket. Further nice video!
I'm a straight-A student and I use all of these regularly! Message approved :D
I'm trying to learn French. Ç'est dur.
Do this how to DAB HARDER
which software you are using to make these kind of videos? \nplease tell me,anyone.\n\nThank you if you reply
Can you guys make a video about left handend, right handed and ambidextrious people. What are the difference? Which of them are smarter ?
I should be studying now, and not on YouTube.
how to learn faster: watch AsapScience at 2x speed
When you're in chemistry and actually trying to memorize the electromagnetic spectrum
Hiiii, I really look up to your channel and it inspired me to make a channel myself, I was wondering if you would be willing to give me a shoutout. Haha I doubt you would with 6.9 Million subscribers but hey a kid can dream.
I'm 15 years out of high school and I still remember the reactivity series thanks to Pot-so-camal-zirol. mnemonics rule
Got a chemistry test tomorrow, wish me luck 😪
Step one, don't have a low IQ.
I just automatically learn things when I'm interested in it...For instance, BTS.\n\nI KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT THEM without studying
Raging Martians Invaded Venus Using X-ray Guns WHY DIDN'T I USE THAT IN COLLEGE???
Well i should be studying now
How does listening to music effect studying?
Exam time
I like cats
1:52 voice crack
Bless you guys.
lol
Extremely Satisfylng Slime Pressing !ASMR & RUNCHY
I like turtels
Thank you
sias how to learn faster ma answer \n\n\n\n\npay atittion
Raging Martians invaded Venus using x-ray guns.
Reward yourself? Dopamine? Oh i got you fam..\n.\n.\nJust fap
E
Love you guys 🙌🏻
Smoking helps
Never forget 7-1
Guys check out these awesome pics\nhttps://imgfoyou.blogspot.in/2017/09/beautiful-girls-make-world.html?m=1
More school tips!
Is Beyonce an alien?
Love this
Reasons why your stomach hurts please cause idk why my stomach hurts 24/7
Never Let Monkeys Eat Bananas
1:28 YEA WHOO LETS GO TENNIS IS LIFE
Is Beyonce an alien lol
Read, Fap (reward), Sleep, Read, Fap.\nGOT IT !
Beyonce an alion!? Rofl I'm dead 😂
Is Beyoncé an Alien 😂😂😂0:24
ok so i have a biology quizz tomorrow... i have to memorise 15 pages its 12 am at midnight and im watching youtube fml
Step 1 : Broke Your Phone. \nStep 2 : Believe In Yourself.\nStep 3 : Study Hardly. \nStep 4 : Pray For God.
Ooooo Helen have you ever thought about doing a video of like alternative slightly more fun work outfits? xxxx
Literally gagged at the same time you did because I knew you were going to say Splice lol. That movie messed me up, man!
Just bought the jellyfish top in black for myself cuz I loved it so much! 😁👍🏼
Everything looked so good on you and also with the jeans u were wearing❤ I love your style😍
Jellyfish are cute and so are those tops! ❤️
helen literally looks so good in everything i look horrible in 😂
ERM HOW GOOD IS YOUR FIGURE LOOKING
If there's one youtuber that NEEDS to bring out a clothing line it's Helen, she has the best style I would honestly die if she got to do a range/collection of clothes could you imagine!!!! <3 <3
obsessed with your makeup 😭
Love these videos xxx
I LOVE that leopard print jacket 😍😍😍
Wow this is powerful stuff!!  \nIts Good to know that there's like minded individuals out there.
That sequin jacket reminded me of the Rocky horror picture show 😀 so cool!!! You have awesome style 😁
Lush haul Helen! You always pick out the nicest things! Deffo going to have a gander when I get paid!! xxxx
I bloody love you, so real and funny! Fave youtuber keep up the good work 👍🏼
Loving todays make up, really suits you... go for it more! also that leopard jacket really makes you look good!
You have the best style. Absolute bargain for what you paid for all that!! Amazing. Love your hauls xx
what style lace up jeans is she wearing!!? the link is disabled for me!
this t shirt is killing me it’s beautiful WHERE CAN I BUY IT
My goodness you're such a babe!!
I love the lipstick with that eye shadow!
Omgggg where is the tshirt your wearing while filming from??? I love it
I love it 😍 i love ur style and personality 💜💜
Errrr how is this trending?! Steven Crowder just exposed ANTIFA yesterday and has near a million views and thousands of comments. YouTube are a bunch of hacks.
You are totally a female Ziggy Stardust. 💖
Everything looks so good on you!!! xx
More than a feeeling!!!!! You have such a nice figure Helen loved this vid the tops are right up my street! X
You look awesome in this leopard print blazer!
Why did you mention Splice.  NOW I CAN'T NOT REMEMBER IT
I actually love how that outfit looks when you were wearing the leopard print jacket with the boston t shirt and lace up jeans.. looked so cool and comfortable and totally like you!
You've literally just made me buy that sequin jacket!
LOVE the leopard print collarless jacket on you! xx
Lovely haul. You got some nice items ❤
the pink jellyfish top is such a look
On behalf of myself and probs many other school teachers we would wear that jacket too! 😂
That Helen always surprises herself when she makes a online haul.
Lovely clothes, and such a cute video! You are ADORABLE  ❤
All these blouses look great on you 😩😘
love that leopard coat and am looking to get one...what size did you get?!
Loved everything on You!
You always give me new style inspiration! Love your videos!
Helen. When Splice went out I went with my PARENTS. Little did we all know....
You look SO COOL with the leopard coat on with that outfit!! You're looking so slim too! Helen is goals - still watching you everyday when I'm travelling th world!
That leopard print coat is amazing 😍😩
The background of this video is so aesthetically pleasing. Oh my.
Loads of great pieces, especially like the jellyfish top in pink. Loved you alternative going out lookbook, could you maybe do a similar one for the office, or places where you need to look more put together but want to keep something interesting, edge or alternative about your style (why are all the word that describe that look so awful???).
Love those laceup front jeans, really flattering, especially when paired with both black shirts!
Helen, you need to go and look at BlackMoon Cosmetics. They have a color called Cider and you will be obsessed!
GOD NO IM HAVING FLASHBACKS TO SPLICE NOW HELEN
How did I not know about the discount 😞
120 for all that is pretty damn good, they all look real good on you, although my style is way different I'm not super into the flare and ruffle trend but it looks good on others
Your style gives me LIFE
This does all the talkin'....literally it's got a mouth on the back of it hahah
I looove your style (and just you) so much, man! „Oooooh... it‘s a sleeve!“ 🤙🏻😂❤️
splice is like one of my favourite movies of all time haha
Such cute pieces. I was really tempted to buy stuff in that awesome discount.
Everything looks so good on you! Love those jellyfish tops😄
I've begun wearing cheetah print because of you
You look amazing! Love your style
The tops are perfect on you! You are such a style icon, I feel like I want to dress like you all the time!! Imitation is flattering right?!? Xx
I fucking LOVE the jellyfish top in black <3
I have a question about the Missguided sunglasses! They look really cool but do they have UV protection? :) Love watching your vids Helen, you are hilarious and just so down to earth! Hope you see my comment!!
DAMN HELEN! you look amazing in every single piece
I am living for everything you bought it all looks so nice on you!! 💜
You are rocking that bohemian kinda look! Suits you so well 🤘🏻❤️
Dammmmnnnn I didn’t get the voucher 😂😂😂 I’d love to do a misguided haul for my channel!!! I need the sequin jacket in my life ☹️ xxxx I love you’re videos!!!
'anything that makes me look like a wizard' 😂😂 love it x
I love watching your hauls because we have a really similar body shape.\nI didn't think I'd ever suit the jellyfish tops but they look so good on you so, brb buying the jellyfish tops haha.
Luuuuurve that black ribbed shirt on you! You own your fashion style so well!!
You look fab and super fit like you're losing weight!
very cute tops jelly ones adorable like you peace and love 🐙
Couldn't help but smile when you pulled out that sequin jacket. Of course you bought that Helen!
Really cute xx you always got things that looks wierd at first à, but u wear it like a charm !! 💜
I love your style Helen :)  Me and my sister love watching your videos. We even bought the rock n roll bride magazine issue with u in it cuz we love alternative bride looks and styles. Theyre just so cool :)
The Jellyfish tops were really pretty. They looked really good on you.
Seriously wish i didnt miss the 50% off!
i love the black top with the fluted sleeves ! ! 😻 great video as per :’)
Helen you should show us some footage of you actually doing shopping online that way it may benefit other people into buying and could show this in your vlog or something cause I just think it's a good idea haha, let me know if it is?
Looking good Helen!
Really fun vid! Tx
Great video, loving the glittery jacket! Xoxo
Love your style !!!
Makeup tutorial!!!!
Splice 🤢🤢🤢
That leopard blazer 😱😍!
So cute!!!
Splice 😷😷😷
Your makeup looks amazing! Xxx
ZIGGY PLAYED GUITAAARRRR ❤️ My fave Bowie song!
I need those jellyfish tops!!
Love You !
I freaken love that jacket!!!!
te quiero mucho Helen!!
love u helen xxx
Love your style!😍
YOURE TRENDING HELENNNNNNN
Gfy helen right.. MARC BOLAN CREATED SHITTY BOWIE HE WAS BIGGER. Sort yourself out.\nLove you lots
Write a script, and keep to it so you don't do jump cuts every 3 seconds.
You buy a lot... Often
I love watching these vacuous materialistic first world toxic videos. Fab.
Jay Pharoah My parents are in the building *the camera zooms* At that point I expect it to keep zooming until the parents show up; only to realize it stops at a couple that looks Jay's age or even younger. Black don't crack y'all.
Jamie on point with that Pharrell kind of beat damn he nailed it
Wow..I've never seen Jamie fox give so much respect to another entertainer like he did Jay ...I see why ..this dude is on another level....P.S ..Jay..don't wear the dress..
Ditto
like!
you know the best part about this video? It wasn't the fact that two of the most talented people on TV were making us all laugh like crazy. It was the way Jay had to make a shout-out to his parents. No matter how big you get, never forget your roots and to give back to those who were there before your success.
This video just made my day
Jay's kanye impression was phenomenal
His Jay-Z impression was on point af 😂😂
The Jay-Z laugh was spot on.
They did two different versions of Kanye, and both were accurate!!!!
Jaime with the fake hairline, I see you
This ain't even a hold on fam
Wait, Mom and Dad? 😯 They look like they all came out the womb together! Beautiful family!
should've done a ray charles having a conversation with kanye LOL
I can Do Denzel Impression For You Ellen For 5,000 To My Foundation 😂
he should've done THIS.. is the haunted hay ride (ryan's THIS.. is american idol)
Already know i will like this before it plays...
Brilliant 🙏🏽🤣!!!! Genius 😭😂😂😂🙌🏽🙌🏽 the best segment ever!!
He does Jay Z the best
I guess I'm the only one who thinks this is trite and painfully awkward. Obviously pre-rehearsed like these impromptu games always are on talk shows.
if you can get Jamie to laugh you are funny
This made my week
Dam that kid is good wow shieeetttt
‘ Hold On Fam . You aint bouta put me in the NO ford Focus 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂💰
Why the hell did SNL can Jay? Just dumb.
This is why writers exist
LOL The Oprah one and the Kanye one killed me HAHA
This cat Jamie Foxx come out of the closet yet or still hiding
This is what I've always wanted to see! Good team ellen
😂 did they come dress alike? Or it wasn’t planned
I always knew the home alone kid had talent.
Some good head paint in this video
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
His Jay Z was spot on.
Why is Jaime holding back!
nobody wants to be in the Ford Focus
You can't say no to the presidential package😂
This is so rigged
S O ... Illuminati has to give as well as receive ! So that still makes it what...90% receiving and taking. 10% giving and killing. Raping. Molesting etc... Not included
Jay got worst at impressions I swear he still nice but not like his early stuff
A black youtuber, Victor Mann aka Vic Damoane(sp?) admits to beating black woman who disrespects him...Black woman domestic abuse is real in our generation 49:51 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiLtjHvY4yk
I am tried of laughing
They should let Jay do Denzel and Will Smith
I mean yo buy the damn cookies 😂😂😂
Intentionally kept secret temple from tourism Cricut in Bangalore \nhttps://youtu.be/CzjIbL89PTE
...Barack Obama and Beyonce...  And to answer your next question, Yes. It is because they are black, like most prominent political figures and entertainment performers.
Am I the only one in love with Jay Pharaoh at this moment?
Hello
Wow GREAT!!!
Old kanye v New Kanye
Coookieees!!
COOKIEEEEEES!!! EVERYBODY GET THE COOKIEEESSSSS!!!!! COOKIEEEEEESSSS!!!!!! 😂😂😂💀💀💀💀
OMG #KANYEWEST WAS AMAZING.
😂😂😂
M
Omg.they are so hilarious.
Math producer rhetoric excellent dish well pop pocket crucial yield pain every
They both talented and funny 😂
😂😂😂they are so darn good
Laughed so hard, these guys are great. Jaimie's zipper hypnotised me though 🤐
You can't say no to the presidential package
THE GREATEST LIKE PASSING THE TORCH!
I gotta get them jamie foxx pants with the zipper in the middle like that
best best best :D
Obama  😂😂😂😂😂
hahaha
Jay showed out  👍👍👍👍
LMAO hilarious
Jay pharaoh is so inappropriate
slavery is real
Could have done wonda
Lmfaooo this was awesome
#ihateniggers
Obama with bey booty LOL #dead
Fantastic entertainment....
Jamie got the smoothest n sharpest hairline
HOOOOOOOOOOOT
That jay z impression !
That jay z spot on lol!
When he did Kanye 😭😭😭
Oh my 😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂 dope 🙌
Jamie Foxx❤❤❤
Damn Ellen u too sweet I love u
It seems like they asked Jay what impressions he does every time he's on TV and then just gave Jamie people who don't have any notable speech patterns
gotta give it up for jay pharaoh you can tell he came from a good family. parents look like good people.
So happy Jay has been noticed by Jamie Foxx :D
Epic
Was that a fart noise?\n\n 2:23
Kanye 😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂
4:44
Lmfao omg they r so good
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 I love them
Jamie passing the torch
hahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaa
Jay 😂😂 the goat
Should've done dmx
ELLEN DEGENERES PLEASE GUEST VICE GANDA  from the philippines because vice ganda look likes you you have the same personality and yore both comedienne i hope you will invite him. also please visit his show ggv in the philippines thankyou!
Ellen Is Not LAUGHING With Them , She's LAUGHING @ THEM !  She's Thinking To Herself    Entertain Me You DANCING MONKEYS , DANCE FOR ME  !
guys! been getting f ree gift cards everyday from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?476302034
Um, did they film them all together? Some of this is not from Annihilation
Seriously, what's so mysterious/dangerous about this? Just nuke it from orbit.
I have seen something like that blue stuff in a dream.
I am already excited for this movie!!! Sorry for the spoilers, but for people who read the book, what you do think the monster is at the 1:28-1:29 mark? I am very interested in people's opinion.
I’m a simple man. I see Natalie Portman and I watch.
there always has sex  part
writer and director of Ex machina👎👎\n\nI predict this will be a boring movie
I'm getting 'Black Swan' flashbacks with her eyebrows
0:50 and 01:15 reminds me of those fungus zombies from The Last of Us.
Padme?  What system are you in?  Why did your husband (Anakin) go first?
She's looking so old!
This looks ok going full screen
I hope it's better than the book.  A bunch of build up to a big nothing burger.
Search in google: WUMO SEO. It is the best Seo firm throughout the world. They'll either rank your site or give your cash back. I support this company.
Gal Gadot kinda looks like Natalie Portman
great
SCP SPOTTED\nwait
What a boring trailer
The older Natalie Portman gets....the more I love her.
I love Alex Garland but I prefer Emily Blunt for this movie.
So it's extra terrestrial grey goo or something?
The book is amazing. The trilogy doesn't disappoint, either. I am impressed that someone was able to translate the off-ness of the material onto the screen, but this looks right.
Alright, stop right here. I am adequately intrigued. This is the only piece marketing you need. We don't need to know anything more about the plot. Just keep showing this over and over and asses will be in theater.
Pale destruction library necessarily scientific complain inner challenge shake inside.
Making movies about what liberals want for the earth. Nice.....
Musical formula for suspenseful trailers: monotone x repeat + rising eerie sound which peaks at climax..... getting sick of it.
Looking forward to this one for sure as good job paramount pictures and it may not a original idea but it's also not another pointless sequel or reboot.
I don't know what the public opinion is but I really like BenTen Cucumberwong
She went to a goa party and ended up in detox lol.
Liked the book. Don't like the director.
The book is so good! Really looking forward to this.
Oh my gosh so excited I read this series it was amazing 3 books total can't wait to see the similarities to the book. Highly recommend reading this series it's a trip!
So they're walking into area X in this film they seem to know where theyre coming from and there are 5 people this time instead of four. I wonder if those slight changes meant anything, can't wait! :D
I think I know what happens based on the title *ANNIHILATION*!
no offense but oscar isaac is very handsome
Your weapons are obsolete, humans!
Too thin a teaser to get me interested
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
give me that video.. 'the _ that wasn't me I don't have a car
i wonder if she can see a glimpse of her future daughter
Choice title, February 2018? Unfortunately, the way the world seems to be going, none of us will be around to watch it.
Idk why i just really don't like Natalie Portman in like any movie shes in lol. I feel like shes always the same character. I'll give her props for Black Swan but thats like it fam.
Couldn't they find a least authentic actress than Natalie Portman for this role?
Looks like live action ( Origin: Spirits of the Past )
I read the book this summer, and while I have no idea how they're gonna convert it into film format I hope they do well because that shit was fire
In the book, the linguist didn't make it through the border so there should be only 4 FEMALES in this expidetion. I'm starting to doubt this movie.
Get out of here STALKER.
Wow...we are going to have a lot of fun #Paramount ^_^
Great trailer, and probably and even greater movie. I.can't.wait.
Some kind of alien life form trying to replicate or alter earth-based life? Maybe?
This looks good, hope it doesn't be bad like other book adaptions
she was so hot. now she is a milf not very hot.
Running front latter horn arise director rest destruction average honor.
Why is it that the most beautiful things tend to be the most deadliest???    Can anyone answer me this?
all the single ladies, all the single ladies
looks like a mixture of several SCP's
0:19 wth I can literally count every frame when she moves...
I don't think Portman can play a very good Ellen Ripley.
Reminds me of the signal: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwgfeR2pMuE
This looks like the trippiest movie in a long time.
Be prepared for disappointment - the novel series didn't have a clear ending
Looks good - nice cast, written and directed by Garland, who made one of my favourite recent sci-fi films in Ex-Machina (which rightly catapulted Alicia Vikander to superstardom).\n\nLet's hope the studio doesn't water everything down into mediocrity like they usually do.\n\nAnyway - I've decided to watch this, so I WON'T be watching the main trailer, because that will obviously spoil everything [you can set your watch to these trailers and predict almost every main event in the movie]
>sending 5 lesbians into The Zone instead of literally anyone else\n\nnice
if alians ever came to earth it wouldnt be to visit,it would be war!
I was hoping that being the fifth commenter on this video would accomplish something before it went viral. Oh well.
that chinese guy has been busy\n\noscar isaac and natalie portman makes this a definite must watch
Oh yes, the Southern Reach!
leon the professional
meh
Move To Google And then Type: *gamesecrxguide facebook* It is the only working facebook secret working from this month. Never waste your time on other tools
Mental elbow mandate earth against marry hurt inside survive noise.
stupid
The Arrival
Briefly nature cancel direct basket criminal especially package square define.
looks dumb.
It would have been great if a movie like this was about going into another dimension!
hjj
Sigh...
Arrival meets Avatar
I'm in..!
BWAAAAAAAAM
I see click, I Natalie
Ba-horing...
arrival meets alien
Echos of Sphere.
The kike lead is disgusting
Its another pretentious jerkfest.
Gurl power.\nInstant dislike.
Looks like Black Ops 3 campaign.
...the fuck...?
I'm in.
Natalie!!!! Yes baby!!!
Pants
Alicia Vikander = Natalie Portman
looks like someone dropped paint in dish soap. Ok that's a wrap folks. We have a movie.
Female soldiers?  The priests from the west's new religion are sermonising to the masses again I see. Poor old sci-fi, I remember when it used to employ actual human reality as a foundation to build its fantastic imagery atop. Now it's little more than another hijacked item to preach the west's latest junk religion from. All the churchgoers singing from the same hymnbooks, just like all churches, while reality carries on regardless beyond the temple bounds.
Yet another ridiculously nonsensical piece of fiction about the spiritual aliens... I ... just can't. I can't anymore. The creativity of the movie industry is definitely annihilated. Once movies were art, now they barely deserve the a of it, and that too only those indie movies that flop horrifically at the box office \n*sighs louder than the video's audio*
another feminist bs, this time a zionist feminist
icon Loader for: Annihilation (2018) - Teaser Trailer - Paramount Pictures https://youtu.be/W1DbI_Sk6VQ
I've never seen before a beverage like this, I think is genial and amazing! Thanks for sharing Laura!
Looks perfect for chilly nights!! Yum!
So...we don't get the recipe for this?
Hey Laura! I absolutely love you and your channel, every recipe looks amazing! Would you consider doing something with blueberries? I know they're going to probably be out of season with winter coming up, but maybe a dessert like cheesecake or muffins? Thanks!
i can't find the recipe for this?
Oh yeah how many months is you daughter now ?
Can't seem to find the recipe
I live in NY and don't appreciate 84 this time of year either
I couldn’t find the recipe :(
@laurainthekitchen can this be served over ice?
The recipe is still not on the website😢
what are the measurements of each ingredients?
How dare you, now everyone will know my favorite Starbucks drink! :P
Can you have this drink cold?
When i dealt with prisoners of war. We would give them starbucks just like you made. They would losen up and be more cooperative. They were star*ucked!!!
It don't look very nice or tasty
What kinda booze would taste the best with this if I wanted to serve it spiked??
Your life, you do you~ YAS!!
Do you think this would work with regular chocolate chips?
I LOVE your make up in this Laura. You look gorgeous :) \n\nThis looks so delicious! I'm not too crazy about white chocolate but milk chocolate is kinda yucky with pumpkin :)
Made this today. Came out amazing! I skipped the extra sugar --- the white chocolate is sweet enough.
my 8 year old sister requests some pumpkin seed recipes thankss love from toronto
Sounds about white to me
is there any thing then  Pumpkin you can use I have a  allergy to Pumpkin
They don't sell pumpkin purée in England tho 😭😭❤️
Dem eyez of laura’s are🤦🏿‍♂️❤️❤️
Ofcourse i will make this! Yummmmmy:) thank you Laura!!!
Sounds delicious.  I have pumpkin pie torani so I might use it.
Girl your makeup. Give us sources or techniques. So hot
Definitely looks yummy and just in time for the cool nights we’re starting to have,  a recipe that I’m going to try tfs and just a side note you look beautiful in this video love the makeup 😊💕
Will try this to my girl's night get together next week 😋
Hi i guys I am Laura Vitale andonthisepisodeoflaurainthekitchen LOVE IT!!!
Can you please do a regular easy homemade hot chocolate recipe?
If it's too sweet, add just a touch of sea salt to it.
White chocolate is a misnomer.  There is no chocolate in that white goop
thank you for giving us a real recipe. I've looked at several beverage recipe so far and they included ingredients like instant coffee and other processed ingredients. thank you for being real
People who make fun of people who like pumpkin anything this time of year are jerks stop shamming people for what they like
I've been ordering this at Starbucks for years!!!!! Yummmmm! Now I can make my own!
The Beast System is the Church System... All Church's,Any Denomination, They all are part of the beast system.God Calls us to be the Church. THE CHURCH SYSTEM IS THE STRONG DELUSION.  Pastors feed sheep polluted bread so they continue to look for spiritual highs.. Many People when Jesus comes are gonna say didn't we do miracles didn't we heal or cast out demons but Jesus is gonna say depart from me I never knew you because you were told that God's Law was the Old covenant and that going to Church on Sunday is sufficient to go-to Heaven. THE CHURCH SYSTEM ANY CHURCH IS A LIE. GOD WANTS US TO OBEY HIS COMMANDS!!! COME OUT OF CHURCH AND RELEGION AND INTO GOD'S LOVING ARMS!!
It’s hot out here too in California! Maybe pouring it over ice! Sounds delish to me!
Definitely need to make this because every time I order it at Tim Hortons they give me black coffee :/
Laura I have something you need to try. Egg nog hazelnut cappuccino. It's amazing. I was craving a cappuccino and noticed I didn't have milk. So I added some egg nog and it was amazing!! Someone probably already done it but I love it haha. Mm with whip cream on top and a sprinkle of cinnamon.
This looks great! Makeup is gorgeous
This looks incredible 😍 love love love your make up in this video too - wish you still filmed make up tutorials and make up videos xx
Thank you, thank you, thank YOU for this! I can't wait to try it!
Laura, on behalf of all ladies PLEASE resume your makeup/lifestyle channel again and show us how you created your eye look, it looks unreal!!! I know you are still a new mom and you have commitments but I would love you even more if you could show up occasionally for a good girls chat! Love you
That looks soooo delicious😋😋\nAnd your make up looks amazing 😍\nPlease show us this beautiful make up look in a tutorial 😍
I cant wait to try this with my fam
Laura , this looks wonderful and you look absolutely beautiful . My wife did the same after our first daughter and everyone thereafter .... we (my wife and I) wish you were our granddaughter
WOW i just made this.........it is SOOOO AWESOME!!!   the 2nd cup i have I'm going to add bit of nutmeg to the top    YUM YUM!!!!
I love pumpkin pie! However, most of the things to come from the pumpkin pie spice craze don't have any actual pumpkin. That kinda diminishes the experience for me. I'm so glad to see that yours has pumpkin in it! :)
Yeeeeesssssss! I've been dying for a PSL for years, but have been avoiding caffeine due to past and current pregnancy. Now this preggo can enjoy a holiday drink and make it whenever I want!
Just wandering...\nIF its hot outside AND we really need to try this, can't we refrigerate it for couple of hours and enjoy as a cold drink... 🤗
You just meshed my two favorite drinks together. God bless your soul!  I have to try this.
This looks so good! 😍 I live in Texas and it's still in the high 80's here - can't wait until it gets cold so I can make this for my family and I!
What type of alcohol would be good with it?
Looks lush burn in not too sure off the flavour with pumpkin as we don't use it for desserts in England
Thank you Laura! I need to try this ASAP!
Can someone bring me this Hot drink to my bed NOW!😂😂
@Laurainthekitchen where did you buy these mugs
Omg your so nice and sweet and your foods/drinks look AMAZING
Looks so good!! I can't wait to make this
Can't get any whiter than this
This looks so good
Could this be made with lower fat milk and still be good?
I’ll make it with one espresso shot 😍
I can’t wait to make this around Christmas time during the cold nights.
Yes!!! It's fall!!!!🍁🍂🍁🍂
I have got to make this for my autumn family gatherings🌿🍁😋Looks so good!
You speak sooooo faaast :)
Looks delicious!
white powder!!!!!!
Laura looks so happy! Hahahaha 😍
Oh. Em. Gee.😍
Yummy.
Make Nutella hot chocolate !!! Pleasee❤️💕❤️🤓😋
3:29 thats what she said
Nice!
Can you make Oreo eclairs
this looks amazing
gibby dat
DAMN woman! You look good
💞Your eye makeup is poppin! 💞
please please please make a frappuccino
Looks so good!!
Yummy!
How is this TRENDING
Yummm
You always cheer me up. Thanks, Czechia Praha.
Yammi 😍
Perfection 🙌
Pure yum😉
Next Episode: Pumpkin Spice White Chocolate Truffles
This looks delicious omg
Very nice Laura.\n..i love ur recipes
Vorrei provare a fare questa ottima cioccolata calda, ma da noi manca pumpkin pie spice. Laura, qualche suggerimento, please?
For the past three videos shez wearing the same clothes
What booze could you add to it?
I can no longer resist the pizza. I open the box and unzip my pants, allowing my pulsating member to eagerly burst free. As I penetrate the steaming, gooey cheese, a shuddering moan of ecstasy breaks through my drooling lips. The mushrooms and Italian sausage are delightfully rough, and the warm sauce feels like heaven. I blow my load in mere seconds, just in time to slip out the front door as you step out of the bathroom. You never discover why that pizza tasted so much better than all the others.
Every white girl's dream. You have done it again Laura.👌🏼🙌🏼
Please God never take this man away.
who are the heartless people behind those 305 negative votes?
always amazing how everyone agrees that this beautiful diverse life has to bee protected and then goes to eat cheap takeaway-sushi and throws the package in the next river.
please tell me there is going to be an actual documentary and this wasn't it. I want more
3:57 thought it was March of the Poozers lol
So sick... can't wait
It's a funny world we live in\n-The Joker.
This is so amazing....
So excited I loved the others so know I will love this one .God is good all the time and this beautiful earth proves that  Jehovah first and then every thing else lasts
Sir David Attenborough, still speaking to us since we were children!  He is 91
Words can't describe how happy this made me
I'M SOOOOOO DOWN CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THIS....
Absolutely beautiful BBC, This Is Crazy Of what is in the ocean.
Protect the Earth, is the only planet with a Thom Yorke.
Blue Planet III won't be the same without David Attenborough so this will be the last
I hope this goes to cinemas!
awsooooooooome footages,can't believe in my eyes 😮,amazing just speechless
Thanks for the hard work, sweat and tears from the BBC team to bring us the amazing life and beauty of our Planet Earth. The voice of Sir David Attenborough is always be iconic. we human being should treasure what we have and put full effort to protect it or our next, next or next generation will never see it again. Big thanks!
I can't even imagine taking those clips making it in a video nd presenting us .... That hard work.. salute u guys... U r best <3
OMG this was unexpected. I can't wait to buy this one and add or to my collection. Much respect sir David Attenborough and BBC earth
I can't explain how beautiful this...  😍😭
300 Martians disliked... \nLets unite for the love of our planet and protect it!\nPraise God/The Causer/The Maintainer/The Sustainer/The Necessary Existence
Beautiful. There is something greater than us
Why is it named the prequel? For some reason i thought it would be like cgi of the sea life millions of years ago.
And were ruining everything. Wherever you are, take mother nature into consideration the next time you step to the ballot box.
Lord you are amazing! Your creativity knows no bounds! Thank you for this amazing earth You have given us.
Making a number two of a movie is nothing but if it's a documentary it is something
Man, humans are disgusting. I watch this and wonder how long we've got left on this planet. Far too beautiful for some of the twisted Homo sapiens roaming around on it.
Thank you BBC Natural History Unit
Amazing!!! Now PLEASE tell me you will deliver this to people outside UK, for godsake
Where can I watch it? Or rent it if there is no free legal version
Please tell me there will be a segment on ruins of ancient cities submerged under that beautiful oceans!
Why no 4k? Youtube's compression makes the shots look fuzzy
The irony is I’m about to buy a new super tv to watch this on, and throw my old tv in the ocean.
Looks a lot like Blue Planet 1 to me.
Looks amazing....and it's incredible just how many species exist and how varied they are!
I know that to produce these documentaries cost a lot of money. But seriously, all people on earth should see these documentaries, together with Planet Earth from bbc as well... because it is filled with such beauty, and makes me love even more what’s my house, and makes me more knowledgeable of with what I share my home with, our home, the only home we have ever known, and will ever know for a long time, planet earth
Still coming down from Planet Earth II and now this is coming out. \nIf BBC earth were a woman I'd propose.
What a captivating achievement; I'm so excited!
Every screen shot is a wallpaper
Life is so incredible! The photography in this is truly awesome. A magnificent spectacle. So extremely beautiful. We better enjoy it while we can, because nuclear waste is invading this priceless creation. Thanks to mankind the planets virus! Soon to be the universe's virus. Way to go! Shame... Shame.....Shame!
I'm excited for the series, but what about that fat pilot whale!
Thankyou for making it...so beautiful.. GOD IS GREAT
its looks amazing in every way its my dream to see\n the world
Cannot wait for this
Wow, some of these shots seem to be fake so good they are. I even had tears in my eyes watching this from the emotion, can't wait! Praise and love mother earth.
The first blue planet was basically my childhood. I am so hyped for this, especially after how amazing planet earth 2 was
Such Amazing.....breathtaking..
Stick extensive roof dozen aggressive always current acid
SUBAHANALLAH
Dope
Yet another epic soundtrack from Hans Zimmer
I don't understand how anyone could dislike this, let alone 292 people.
crying...
unatrualy beautiful
Thank you BBC earth
We need 4K!
So beautiful. So amazing.
Great soundtrack
Gotta love his voice!
I'm so amazed at all of BBC's Earth documentaries. The kind of work that must go into getting this kind of footage is mind boggling.
The fact that this video isn't in 4K is disappointing. Planet Earth 2 is one of the best looking documentaries on 4K UHD. I'm sure this will be equally good if not better.
Blue planet, the stuff we're allowed to show you. Lol
One of the Greates documentary with Wallkig with Dinosaurs. Im back to my teen-young age. The Sountrack by George Fenton (2001) is outstandig!
The bed by Tom Jones
I knew Aquaman would be an awesome movie!
The genius minds of Sir David Attenborough and Hans Zimmer and Radiohead ❤️❤️❤️🐙🐬🦑🐡🐋🐟🐳🐠🦀
Would already be SO great regardless BUT as soon as I heard Radiohead come on... damnnn 😉
Omg I cannot wait to see this it looks fantastic
This world we live in is so beautiful, the thought that someday all this will disappear makes me so sad.
Kinda sucks that BBC is a channel, but BBC is sadly also slang term for a big black guys....well ya know......
So much vast
David Attenborough.  Enough said.
Next level quality.
Wow
so beautifull
what an awesome song!!!!
Didn’t need the awful singing
#ONEOCEAN #ONEOCEANFM #BBC #London #Live3 #Live8 #Live4 #Live5 #Live9 ||||||| #BBCEarth #space8
Show us BLUE WHALES!
too beautiful
Yesssssssssssssssssss yes yes yes
Ermegerd! This cinematography is Amazing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvC2RW0tW0M the soundtrack..
the photography and art direction is stunning!! I can't wait to watch it!!!
The music is already just yes
@4.06 what if you were to stick your chicken in there?
Such footage plus Hans Zimmer and Radiohead music.... This is some epic stuff!
YOU BETTER NOT DO THE BABY SEA TURTLES AGAIN...
wow these guys are really taking it to the next level on this one, the HYPE is real!!!
Can't wait!❤️
Music name plz??From 1:00 to.1:30
4:25 Zoidberg?
Which fish is Thom Yorke?
This is spectacular !!!!
gives me goosebumps
I came.
Really great work nice doc
no 4K wow...or even 360 degrees
Hopefully that awful music won't be in the actual show
Arnold Is Immortal 100%
What if Arnold drank the acid that burns skin?
You're growing fast I rmebet when you only had 10k subs I'm so proud
The way he says Arnold at the end of the video makes me moist.
When my friend was little she put her hamster in the microwave (don't ask) and it exploded... I still don't believe it
Make a vid what would happen if the sun bacome a red giant fast
Put Arnold in planet that is about to be exploted by the death star
Hey guys I've been working on my gaming channel and i would love it if you could just stop by to check it out. I really want my fan base to grow and I really think you will enjoy my content. Thanks!
Solid Snake survived for 3 Minutes and proceeded to not only stop the Patriots AI, but also proceed to defeat Liquid in a CQC Battle.
What will happen if you eat a Microscopic bit of lava?
What Happens If you Go to EVERY planet Without a spacesuit
My mom said I could get seizures if my brain was in there.
Make more of this series
Wish I was on the trending page :(
Old Snake passed an entire microwave hallway, it took him more than 5 minutes to get to the other side and somehow he didn't lost his vision...huh
ARNOLD IS SUFFERING TOO MUCH STOP IT!!!!
Just watch the microwave scene from kickass.
I remember your first video and when I watched it I was ready to watch you 24/7 then I realized you had no more videos
Meet Arnold, relax and carefully and see is closing stuff for the weekend, suddenly he will fall, Arnold you can do Arnold Jump(2X) (nononono) Arnold Are you still alive, its just the beginning.
Meet Arnold he's wet \n\n\n\n\n\nI wonder why defiantly not jerking off
What would happen if Arnold had a girlfriend
Send Arnold to North Korea!
Send Arnold into a Black hole that would be neat to see
What would happen if he was at the bottom of the ocean
Send him to VENUS
I want to see arnold stick up to the narrator
What happens if he drinks fuel
Finally! Arnold died for once!
Does Arnold really want to kill himself that badly?
Put him in a refrigerator to cool him down.
Arnold in a vacuum chamber
send him to antarctarca to cool off
I am a edited comment
If Arnold got stuck on a vacuum cleaner
It's passed long time..  Upload new  video
what will happen in tornado pleas i have said 3 time sorry this time i was away from youtube i must say faster next time
in just 10-14 videos you ll get 1m subs arnold and will get a gold play button \nthat will be a record \ngood job Arnold \nresult of your sacrifises
which software do you use?
Before : Meet Arnold.\nNow : Try to kill Arnold.
Hey riddle you should make arnold fall with a nook or go in natrul phonomens
These videos must have so much work behind them! Thank you for spending time on making amazing videos!
When I read the title I saw something very disturbing in my head \n\nNot nasty stuff but like something like a dead body in a disturbing thing @-@
HOW about you make him outside he's dieng so then get him in the wildness with dangerous this inside it :p like fire 🔥 or soemthing
Show some mercy to arnold
What if you became a bird turtle hybrid have your stomach turn into helium and dancing in Jupiter's great red spot while asleep like if you agree
Do another video please
How could you survive an lion attack
Arnold at bottom of Mariana trench
Now send Arnold into an stranded Island, maybe.
I wonder why Arnold always have his left finger cut off?
Arnold is put next to a restorant\nNext episode is Arnold being eaten alive
what hapens to Arnold in his mom s pusy
In Soviet Russia Arnold kill surroundings
I dare him to pin this then I will eat poop
I been in 85c sauna I didnt even fell bad
Send him to a volcano that is still active
I am watching your videos since you start and I like them very cool btw.Keep the good work!
Im more pity for his finger.
So that's how they burned the Jews!
What happens to you in a freezer in a Chicago hotel?
I got my Dick stuck in my toaster and now it's taking me to court
Aww he didn't lose is finger in this one!
what if he becomes Spiderman
What will happen if you eat the same food forever. or what will happen if you are alone in the world?
What if ornald  will go to Mars with no air or water how much he will live ?
Arnold is thicc.
wow ☺☺☺☺
DUDE WE'RE COMING FOR YOU PEWDIEPIE
in the trap
2 million views good job!
Always loosing that finger somehow
1 like = 1 finger for Arnold
Subject : Killing Arnold 101\nTeacher : Arnold
Put arnold blackhole or dieing star
Put Arnold in an ISIS Hideout.
Whats next for arnold
Arnold forgot his tinfoil shield, so his nuts are roasted.\n\nNobody likes roasted nuts.
Wats hapen if Arnold dont eat 1 year😞
rip arnold 2017-2017
send Arnold to Neptune
i have suscribed
Arnold abuse
Epic you are epic
1 second on pluto
poor arnold
this is awsome
Okay!
waiting for next vedio
Hey Arnold!!
Eaten by piranhas
Kuka on miklun viedosta
9 videos, 700k subs, Wow arnold.
Face palm
Try to kill Arnold
This channel legit popped outta know where
Send Arnold into Mars
We are psycopaths
mentos truck vs coca cola truck
*very esay you burn*
Arnold in the frinedzone
Its funny how it perfectly fits on his trunk
I like how he drove by the first time casually to scope the place out.
So they are using kids now...
Cops later pepper sprayed and tazed this kid.
That did fit so perfectly in the back of his car, i would forgive because of that reason alone.
not cool.
Hilarious!
Quick right down his license plate number
pkg looked heavy; good thing he was in a Ford otherwise he wouldn't have been able to drive off with the heavy load.
As a level 14 Redditor - 26,281XP/41,699XP -  it is my duty (and pleasure :P) to remind you that this video has been featured on the front page of r/videos™. Expect an influx of views and intellectual comments about cats, religion, rich literature and sex. \n\n~ Reddit Throwaway Account
This kid is going places. \n\nPrison --- to be exact.
to be honest i'd be happier that my neighbour is holding my package for me than having it left out like that!\nwhere i live it'd be gone within minutes!\n\nif i saw a package abandoned on my neighbours driveway i'd probably take it in too, \nand post something through their letter box letting em know i have it :P
the parents probably told him to do it , goes on alot .
It annoys me more that the kid is driving all through the neighborhood yards. Wtf is up with this kids parents?
what a fucking asshole. If i was the person living in that house i would go over and kick the shit out of him
Hello I tried to get in touch with you regarding your video but never heard back from you. I would appreciate if you could tell me if you are interested in working with us. You can reach me at sneze@rumble.com Thanks
An anonymous YouTuber liked your comment so much that they gilded it, giving you YouTube gold.\nYouTube gold is our premium membership program. It grants you access to extra features to improve your YouTube experience. It also makes you really quite dapper. If you have questions about your gold, please PM me directly.\n\nDid you know: you can earn revenue from your videos, as long as you monetize them. \n\nWant to say thanks to your mysterious benefactor? Reply to this message. You will find out their username if they choose to reply back.
He literally brought it back two minutes later after driving it around. \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Shit I'd press charges teach that little fucker early.
He thought real hard about it before he picked it up
What happened later? Follow up?
Spongebob chilling. He is a little theive
Keeping that beverage safe the whole time
Best way of getting free stuff.
Don't blame the kid! Blame the delivery service! OR BETTER: blame the stupid laws, that allow a delivery service to leave a package unattended at the porch!!!
Will toy police shot him?
Who was letting the four year old driving around in the street?
This guy needs some atheism in his life...
STUPID KID!
You sneaky little bastard
Little asshole
Alfalfa does it again!
Good find !
Skurr skurr!
My fukn buddha
Amazon prime
Drink driving too
This video will NOT be trending, I repeat: this video will NOT be trending. \n\nSalutations friendlings. I am General Upboat of www.reddit.com, and am here to state that this video will NOT be trending. I know this because of my congenital IQ of 250 and Ph.D in Statistics. \n\n\n~ General Upboat, Ph.D in Statistics, Ambassador to Reddit, Moderator of r/videos.
Why do while males need to steal when they have all the privilege in the world?
!RedditSilver
good
Funny... if we are to believe that's the neighbor's kid.  I think it's your kid and he's just driving it over to the garage and bringing it inside.
well if the glove fits
I hope this kid has been slapped!\nEvery kid can do stupid things, that's not the problem, but parents should make it very clear that he CAN'T do it again!
Intellectual Gilded Redditor here xD
Anyone from www.reddit.com?
Cut his hands off.
Всё правильно пиздюк сделал, всё по делу, совсем расслабились. Тачку подогнал, товар забрал и сразу на задний двор смотреть добычу.
Future cop in training even if you have him on camera 🎥 he will walk away free lol lol I guess that's what make america great again means USA USA USA !!!!!!!!
So what was in the package?
Anyone from Le Reddit Armie?
This is sum weird scary shit but, Why is it you either upload or i instantly get a recommended video of you when I'm absolutely starving? it's honestly like YouTube knows something!
Do a video on how you stay skinny!!
Cheating on diets be like
hey why don't you do a double mcspicy challenge
Matt stoniest do the ARCTIC ZERO CHALLENGE
For 5 bucks... join for free..... Consider me flabbergasted.
You are an alien!
Do paid promotions plugs kill the spirit of a video?
The sauce was uneven and it was killing me
NOooo, if tomorrow I become your wife do not eat me when you are angry :D :D
I need 10 minuets to finish 1 pec of pizza.
Dang,he took it to the extreme,well extreme to me,not to the OG fans apparently,I like the soft Matt,he is funny when he is commenting
Do a Halloween them video
So how do you eat so much and not get fat. Im lost bro teach me your ways :/
You should try the white castle challenge
Matt Stonie, inspires me so much. I dont know how he eats so many but hey! It works for him! Congratulations Matt Stonie!!
How about 203 oreos challenge?
Your so hot
Yeah!! Way to kill it Matt !! 😁 You're back!!
video idea: eat a whole cheesecake (or more if you're feeling ambitious)
You should do 10 pounds of guacamole for you next video!
Hell yeah!!!! you nailed that pizza. you're the best, Matt Stonie.
bro imagine the dump he takes 😂😂😂😂 he stinking up the house
This is how much I eat for dinner in a night....
I'm curious. How do you feel after you eat so much? Do you feel sick, because I would get sick from eating 5 slices.
I can't tell if this is food porn or food torture
When i'm hungry around 5-6 min is a standard time :)
This has to be the dumbest Youtube Channel I ever seen since PewDiewhatever that dumbfucks name is.
Impressive!! But why fast forwarding when it only takes you 1min 28sec to finish it?? Little annoying...
you're the man, Stonie!!!
Matt Stonie! Do a video then you eat a enormous cluckin bell challenge!
From my favorite pizza place.  I bet that was awesome!
How do you never put on fat?
Pls do a q and a
I'm glad to see the old Matt back.
For only $5 you can play for free
How in the hell do you eat so much food and stay skinny?
good decision. im not a competitive eater and i eat 14'' pizza below 4 mins. but i am fatass :)
Well....he just ended my career
The megatoad proving he is the best in the world again and again 🙏🏻
I challenge you to eat 5 packs of Korea spicy noodle
I have two words for you  Molly Schuyler
I bet he sent in the first video to draft kings and they were like Nah bruh, we didn't pay you to enjoy that pizza, we paid you to destroy it.
one of the best videos
And there is me who eats one slice of pizza and gets fat.
Does anybody else find his videos satisfying?
Matt Stoney's 5,000,000 subscriber campaign
Loitering pizza
rico
Eating to Turkish brekfast
it was 1min 23 sec
Try burger king 💪🍔🍟
The ad was in spanish, so I bought a couple gigas gratsieses.  I'm not sure what they are or when they arrive, help?
That isn't a mouth. That is a machine... Food grinding machine.
If you be a zombie eat the All humanity
I just watched a video of you doing a fire hot noodle Challenge and you said you would hate to a 1 million of anything and you said it was impossible I think you can do 1 million pop rock Challenge
Can you have an eat off with furious Pete that would be awesome
I watched an ad to watch an ad. This is disappointing.
How are you skinny if I eat one slice of pizza I literally gain like 20 pounds 🤦‍♀️
I always get afraid that he's just gonna chomp down on his fingers.
How is he so skinny ?
And then he eating his dinner simple, to taste it
do the fire noodle challenge in 60 sec
EAT! EAT YOU FUCKING PIG! EAAAAT! SHOVE THAT SHIT DOWN YOUR GULLET, MAKE US PROUD THAT YOU CAN STRETCH YOU ORGANS MORE THAN OTHERS AND EAAAAAAAAAAAAAT! Pretty cool though.
You missed censoring the name of the company on the side of the box (at least that's what I assume you were trying to do with the tap on the top).
Took me 13 minutes and I threw up all of it
Love the Heavy Metal Music in the back ground 🤘🏼
Serious question, what do you take to keep your digestive system so robust? I refuse to believe you take nothing. I really need some. My system can barely handle an apple, and I'm under 30 :(
matt stonie do 10 pounds of fries under 15 min
I’m so surprised that you eat all this food and your still really skinny
Mat you need to do Subway challenge 5 foot-long Subs of your choice 16 cookies and two bags of chips with two drinks
This has to been asked before but has there ever been a food that you simply just could not eat, because it tasted that bad? Like the macaroni salad with the Kahlua pulled pork video...
Speed eat a huge bowl of popcorn!!
Takes you less than 2 minutes me 5 hours boi I'm a slow ass eater do I need help
Do a air head candy challenge
Love the crunchiness of the crust from the 1st attempt. Sounds like a mukbang that Stone would make.
You should do a challenge of how much gelo you can eat👍🏽
My parents r like : eat ur food slowly and enjoy it. an then i think in myself: I enjoy my food more if i eat it fast then that i eat it slow
Do jack in a box jalapeno poppers
What's so interesting about draftkings?
Draft kings\nReality king
Looks delicious
Nuclear fire noodle challenge plz
Your gonna get diabetes
wheres morgan
Matt Stonie Do a whoopie pie challenge please!!!
Imagine Matt Stonie eating while having the munchies.
Been watching since 2013
Man has evolved
i like that metal music part
Remind me when you are 140 years old , and still eating like boss
Matt stonie can u please do a video we're u go to White Castle and eat 100 White Castle sliders
How can you eat so fast?!?!?!?
Break the record of eating 9000 calories from carrots
You forgot to eat the packet.
If i had to choose; To shit in his Toilet, or Shit in my pants, the seccond 2 .__.
now im hungery afrher watching this video. im gonna go pizza hut right now and go order.  i,ll be enjoyin my pizza so im not gonna eat it fast. porply will only be able to finish 6 slices and im done.
How are u not so fat
Btw whos hungry?
Matt what you should do next is eat a party size tray of orange chicken from panda express please do this.
Very informative and useful series of videos. Thank you for making and sharing these videos with us.
Wouldn't a Smith and Wesson 357 magnum in your pocket have been a lot easier?
👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
Lesson to be learned here ......... Don't pour hot wax in your crack
I just watched all 14 of these videos. That's pretty neat what you made there. Good job.
Nice craftsmanship Sir!
Enjoyed watching that . Great job on the catch mechanism and leather concealment . Good step by step instructions with forethought and skills . Thanks for the cool video , learned a few things .
Very well done....a lesson in patience. Much value.
What's your email?\nFor questions.
What an amazing stick folks !!!!!!! Great set of videos and the workmanship is outstanding sir thanks for sharing...
Enjoyed the whole series! Well done.
You are a fantastically gifted teacher mate. Probably the best step by step tutorial I have ever watched. Many praises and outstanding job.
Thank you for the série, very informative videos, Iam belgium,excuse my for my bad english.
Great videos on the making of this stick. It is definitely on my to-do-list, as it is practical in more than one way.
Great work, maybe I will try a project similar
Thank you for your time HARLEYBAYO
Reminds me of the icelandic movie When the raven flies
It's a shame that in many locales, this would be considered as two illegal weapons - A billyclub and a sword cane.
Good day,\n\nGood job, especially using simple hand tools. I thought you were going to get bitten by the drill and then the blade, a little nick scratch is lucky.\n\nThank you for your time.
Watched all your vids of you making this stick. Very impressed. A few times I thought That's not going to work, but you made it work. Going to try and make something similar but with a crook handled walking stick.
Awesome series. Thumbs up.
The wow factor of the hidden knife is major.Would like to see some nice carving on the stick done with some hand held carving tools.Great job & a very useful walking stick.
That plug needs a faceplate folks make one of those dude all cool n shit 
All likes and a New Subscriber. You are very real in your videos; even down to the craziness, with the hot wax. Now I wonder how strong the stick is with a store bought dowel. LOL! never mind Video #15 answered the wondering I had. One other idea I have is next time maybe some rubberized paint over the steel tip. That way if a strike was actually need to be preformed for protection or just a dropped stick the paint would not chip and reveal the steel. ( ? ).
This is Dope!
man watching all them different videos I just finished hahhaa should of put half in one long video and the other half in another but that was an awesome build sir
I bet if you set up a web store and put a disclaimer about how its a weapon you could possibly sell them and I bet a lot of people would pay a lot for one including myself. The craftsmanship is incredible!
A nice product after all the effort!! However,in a self defense situation a gun would be much more effective!!
I really enjoyed your series! You're truly a master craftsman. Thanks for sharing.
your my hero. really amazing walking stick. I make walking stocks put of diamond willow and for the bottom I cut a piece of runner tire to match the bottom of the stick, counter sink a stainless screw.
Quite the project, excellent and very intense crafting of the various connecting parts.\n\nLightly heating the blade to remelt and re-mold the wax may have been OK too.\n\nI make walking sticks, canes, fighting staffs+sheleighlieghs- both artistic+functional and nice+functional.\n\nThis project here was more than labor intensive, with artist skills needed for fit+form.\n\nOnly seen improvement was the end touching the ground could have a couple of steel rings or 1- 2 thin pipe on the end of the stick where the rubber bumper screwed in to totally secure that end or it could split over time and with use. \nToo much went in to it to lose it that way for such a reason.\n\nThe effort here was priceless as to the creative work needed to complete it successfully ~!\n\nI many times use a copperplumbing cap- drilled thru into the end then screwing a masonary bolt(super hard metal) with silicone in the hole and under the copper cap.\nThen buy rubber caps at a hardware store for canes or crutches depending on the size needed.
ph.d mechanical engineering skills ;lots of nice tools and equipment; professional leatherwork ( zombies beware )
hi next time you should sharpend your blade before doing a wood Sheet your blade will fit more at the ending
really nice thanks for sharing
Awesome stick folks
hawt wax aw owva da pwace lmao :) (00:38)
thanks brother I really enjoyed watching you make that stick it was awesome cant wait to see what you do next.
eurika
That cap may have been from a pool stick or not
I have a similar Dewalt saw and It looks like the rollers that are at the end of the plastic guard that raises as you lower your saw and cut your stock. There are two on it. Thats my guess. Nice stick.
Amazing set of vids, great job, very impressive!
take a trick from when I bed rifle stocks. cover that blade in natural colored shoe polish then put a little jb weld inside the sheath. the polish will not let the jb adhere to the blade
Its great but short enough to be a Peg-Leg
Nice! Is it for sale?
Awesome project!
Dude, you crack me up.  I love the walking stick and your motivation to get it done.  But man do you love doing things the hard way. :)
you could so make some big $$ making and selling them
I built a similar cane. More of a walking staff with a deer antler dagger in the top. I figured out a method to keep the knife in place. Rare earth magnets, but it still rattles like a bitch and I cant deliver it to the customer in that shape. Hot wax is a good idea but I don't want my blade to have wax on it. I considered silicone and greasing the blade but i'm too afraid to pull the trigger any suggestions.
I watched all the videos, you did a great job.
Nice job, really like your details.
You did an outstanding job on this project.  I am very impressed and so are some other people I have shown this video to.  Thanks for doing them.
I use two walking sticks all the time. (Been on crutches 9 times) Loved your videos. You have got some awesome skills. I on the other hand love ultra-light sticks when I walk but would love to have them out of wood. Guess I would need different type of wood to keep it light. I thought about an end cap on the bottom (rubber side) with a 3-4-or 5 prong cluster gaff for fish or snakes. The lower half would separate and harpoon some fish etc. Do you think it is possible? Anyway thanks for taking the time to share your knowledge with others. Peace, 4 Legged (hiking trail name)
Man this whole project was awesome, this has to be the ultimate weapon to kill bears or something! 
Still the best one out on the tube I like to make one but without the  blade just lead and and the cap on both sides 
Cool project! 1 last video would be cool too show the final product in detail, thanks
WTG brother...Good job....
That is awesome I wish I had the skills to pull something like that off great job.
How much does it weigh?
Man, you are truly creative.I started watching you and i could not stop. I would buy one for sure. Problem for me is the fu.....canadien laws. Your craftsmanship is so on the mark that you should start using your skills to create for hunters and people like me who love knifes, swords, walking stick just like you made. My first thought was wuold you make and sell me one but like i said, here in canada are laws are fu.............. Thankx much.  
That is amazing! I wish I had the tools and money to make one of these.
Thats one heck of a pig sticker! lol Great Vids. 
To much Hazzle !! this is stupid , Why not just buy a good sword cane ?
Nice job!\n you might consider using a crutch tip on the end, like I do, it's very grippy.
Holy crap! Getting caught carrying one of these in Denmark would definately get you arrested! Nice Work, though ;o)
She is so full of life and looking super cute!!
At 6:00 mark when she talked about Monica. I died laughing when she said Monica blocked her. Tamar faces and voice be having me dying. She is so entertaining. She should have her own show. If The Real was smart they would hire her back. She’s so good for TV.... Tamar should be a part housewife on RHOA. Now that would be good 🙌🏽
You can really see she and Wendy's friendship shine through the interview. Love it!
i luv tay , i feel like i havent seeb her n so long tho because the show got cut off n the new season hasnt been on youtube 😤 i can tell wendy genuinely likes tamar n its gd, because we can c it .
I love interviews where the guest can ACTUALLY TALK!
Tamar!!! I love her! She seems so genuine and down to earth!!
I absolutely love this interview. I love to see black women talking about their vulnerability and issues of depression. Yes, we're strong like most women. But I hate the rhetoric of that's all we are. Believe it or not we often find ourselves feeling weak, vulnerable, sad, sensitive, calm, and so much more. These emotions are not relegated to a few. We all go through so much and seeing someone that looks like me reaffirming these emotions, that I too find myself going through, makes me feel that I'm not alone. Thx Tamar.
Tamar is my spirit angel
😍😍😍
I love Tamar 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Yessss tayyyyy love her ❤️❤️❤️
i do NOT believe Tamar about the tapping spirit giiiirl really? Vince did it?...Mkay tay tay
She looks so cute,love this interview so different from other😚😍
Every time she talks about Toni and Birdman it's funny
Tamar's such a real sweetheart, I admire her humor and attitude towards life and family.
So its okay for Tamar to play childish games ? Aint nobody pressed for Tamar but Tamar. Real talk she can sing but she will neva be a superstar; #FACTS                 i
Please Tamar bring your tv show back
Two of my favourite personalities..... I love these women
The real isn't the same without Tamar
yuk on birdman though and i mean YUK!!!!
She seems so genuine. A lot of times celebs beat around the bush when interviewed. She came 100% ready and real. Love her and her family
She give me life, but why did my queen went and got botox on her cheeks though?
She's a pretty lady, of course, but why does she look like she wrapped in aluminum foil?
Can anyone tell me the brand of Wendy Williams’ shirt?!
See the difference when you're genuine friends. I can see that between those two. Tamar's talk show will definitely give Wendy a run for her money.
Tamar may be extra, but I can definitely relate to her on her quest for happiness and doing what's right for her and her family. Also, there is no denying her talent, Tamar is amazing.
I don't care what anyone says about her that woman is funny & real af! I love her. And I love ppl who speak their minds which is probably why I love Cardi B as well. 😂
Tamar has grown!! Proud of her
I like this Tamar Braxton better than the over the top get your life Tamar.
My breasts are still mine so lets embrace them... for now. She's pregnant.
She would be a great motivational speaker. Just need to focus.
Tamar has really grown! I'm super proud of her she stayed true to herself but she definitely has evolved!
This was a great interview! I love this new Tamar...happy for her!
Tamar looks so good without make up
Yass, some banging singles will do well!! Good choice TAY-TAY!!!
Wendy genuinely likes Tamar she's respectful to her... unlike her unusual disrespectful self
she said Brrrrrr Man😂😂\nI love you TayTay
I see a lot of growth and change in her and it's for the better. You can tell she's following god. I will say you can tell she had some work done.
She’s such a real person! Go Tamar!
Wendy looks good here hair and makeup
She seems like a lot of fun
The hell she got on tho?
The Real is so bad without her involved.
Tamar is so awesome! I'm loving her look and her nails are incredible!
I love Tamar! She's always kept it real, one hun! I'm so glad I watched her to derived my own opinions about her!
My god I just want to hang out with her!
Im really happy for her. It looks like shes matured a lot and took time to really focus on being a better person. Hope she continues to grow
 I have no issue with nobody but the devil lmao I looooove Tamar 😂😂😂
Shi walk in lik MI's nene
she's thick!  what happen?
Tamar looks pretty. I definitely can't wait until Toni Braxton comes back on here💜
Tamar is the beautiful badd friend that everybody wants☺🇺🇸
why did I think Wendy was going to go for her butt when she hugged. Tay lol!!
She's picked up some weight!! 😍😍
Tamar seems so sweet and humble. The boots are 🔥🔥🔥🔥.
And The Real has not been the same without Tamar!
Nice interview. But why she hug my sistuh like dat? 21:28 lol
It's not Tamar isn't a interesting person. It's just that for daytime t.v. as a host (like when was The Real Daytime) I can see way her personality wouldn't work nor did it last long. Tamar can sing her was off but I think she needs to stay doing reality TV and or become a judge on something or even a host for like Love & Hip Hop kind of shows. Basically anything late night tv would be nice
Beautifull  I love  her  new take on life  always a fan
A*2*the*MEN! HUNNY!!!! TELL IT TAMAR! I completely understand
She so funny im so confused as to why she wld say this is her last album she been tryna do music for so long.. now this the last album? Hmm
she changed a lot I'm happy for her I can watch her in this space she was to over the top b4 but congrats Tamar.
Wow! Tamar is just gorgeous.
Wow 40 , she looks great
40? Sis looks 32!!
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*  The #1 Music Download of The Day \nShare and Order You're Right here    ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
Look at My Tay 😁 Love her!!!
She really just motivated me 🙌🏾
This interview was magnificent!!
Tamar I love your outfit! I can see you have matured a lot.
Lord bless you and your family Tamar B.
TayTay might be the only person on Earth that Wendell ain't shading 24/7!!!!😘😘
Ugly as fuk...both of these dykes
Why is Tamar not one of the judges on American Idol?She should be getting the 25 million dollars and not katie
Tamar gave the BEST interview so far this season and we're just getting started, Wendy!!! Thumbs up for Tamar getting her own show!!! 👍🏾
Tamar is a true Pisces!
Love her!! What a great personality and Skin ahaha <3 Love you tay tay
She's doing that lil kim proud by looking more modified every time she appears
7:30 The nostalgia hit hard. I love the Muppets!
It's a nice video. But you can refer to the secret How To Fix a Marriage and Make Your Spouse Adore You Again in this link: http://bit.ly/2vNBJSw
Social media is so messy!\n\nAlso, I didn't  understand Tamar's response when Wendy asked if what she had on her album cover was a body suit. Did Tamar say yes
loved this interview!!!!!!
Wow she looks amazing!!!!😘😘😘💕
im here for it Taetae :)
Flipping love Tamar
Tamar is looking so gorgeous
Love this!!!!
I love Tamar!!!
Yessss Tamar! Nobody but the devil 😒
I Love me some Tamar Braxton Herbert!!!!
I think they in lovet LMFAOOO
I miss Tamar! 😏
💖💖💖
Love you tay 😍😍😍😍
She is sooooo pretty
lmao i love her extraness.
I love Tamar
Hey  mate ! surface I guess  really  badass$ work#morning  ..
Tamar need to understand that unfollowing and unfriending others on social media speaks volumes nowadays. Totally understand why Monica decided to one-up her and block her.
Not their real hairs not their real noses! LOL
SHE IS SO FUNNY
Ok but i legit have such s crush on her???
Pentatonix are makeking a breaking up Super Fruit? I dont know I writed right, because I am brasilian. Sorry. :(. I love uuuuu
4:18 If that isn't me..
That awkward moment when you realize that you're watching this on a Tuesday
DOES SCOTT GOT A NEW TATTOO?????
React to In a heartbeat!!! (Short film) I’ve been watching videos like crazy and I came to see if y’all did one.
It is so strange to watch Mitch reaching high notes with this mustache
Omg they both are sexy I would date either. #cute 😜😍😘
i wanna see them kiss too 😏
From creepy bald to creepy mustache and hair.
Holy shit I missed that intro so bad, I started crying.
I can't stop listening to your album. I love it so much
I love Mitch's Freddie Mercury look!!
I’m obsessed with future friends
Mitch watching True Blood is all I need.
can you guys totally do a polar express medley video for the holiday season or do a cover of When Christmas Comes to Town from the polar express with PTX because id love it so much
I GOT THE ALBUM LAST WEEK AND EVERY SONG IS FIRE!
When's the Melodrama medley coming out?
Im really confused. Are these the same guys as asapscience?
If you want a good show with hot boys in leather BBC The Musketeers.
omg I've just started watching true blood a fare days ago and I'm freaking obsessed with it!
Hi! I'm from Poland.
Hey I'm new to your channel this is my first Video I've ever watched. Keep up the entertainment. By the way is two trans?
Omg\n Mitch's favourite song is the same as mine!!!
It really showed you both would be awesome if you had an indie film. Road trip film for the summer maybe? Everything you do is GOLD... at least... & Platinum.
Who else thought of the kpop groups when they said one piece and two piece
I was waiting for Mitch to say and my name is Two Piece and A Biscuit.
Lol she said my name. 😂
THE GOOD PLACE  THATS WHERE I KNEW HER FROM
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
i'll never be over you two. y'all are so incredible :)
Now do you have a BEARD Mitch?!! Oh and BTW there's this app called Flipagram and I believe you shall get a account of flipagram!
i was hoping for Deny U music video this friday
Mitch. Bring the septum piercing back and throw the porn stach out! 😂
Mitch looks different everytime I see him 😂😍
4:18-4:33 what every scomiche shipper thinks. She knows what's good!!
Mitch what the fuck is up w ur hair and facial hair.
at first I didn't like Mitch's mustache, but then I started watching Parks and Rec
She is HILARIOUS in The Good Place.
I love the most is they always put their weekly obsession and also their week songs they love ! I mean I wish all YouTubers would do that !
I just watched their first videos and I'm literally crying I'm so proud of y'all ❤️
It feels like forever since the last time you’s sat in front of the camera 😂❤️
when Hoying said One Piece i literally thought he meant the anime
I laughed so hard through all of this
Aaaaaa congrats guys! You guys are killing it, keep up the amazing work!
Why do they both look so sexy rn
Every time I come back to this channel, Matts image is always different
THE 'STACHE IS TOTALLY WORKING
I'm such a fucking weeb, when Scott said one piece I immediately thought Mitch was gonna reply with a one piece character goodness me
If y'all don't make a Guy.exe video that's basically a Weird Science parody, it's going to be a real missed opportunity.
Post Malone wrote I Fall Apart because Mitch forgot about him.
Is it just me or is Mitch copying Scotts facial hair? Either way, keep it up Queens! ❤️👑👑❤️
How ironic is this, I missed a superfruit notification, because I was doing a superfruit binge 😭😂😂😂❤️❤️
The album is amazing! Congratulations ❤️
i was hoping the names would be like \n“my name is horse”\n“my name is cowboy and i’m gonna ride you”
You're trending on YT and Im a proud momma!
God she is funny
All of the shirts that Mitch wears, I want
Hurry up and make an album with Mars Argo
What are you gonna do with all this ass😂😂
LORD ITS TRENDING IN THE NETHERLANDS OML I DIDN'T KNOW THERE WERE SO MUCH PENTAHOLICS AND KIDS HERE LORD OF THE HOLY UNICORNS!
can u pls do “dangerous woman” album plssss
ありがとうございました！！！\nArigatougozaimashita!!!
TRENDING
more violence for poor scott #stopthemicheness
Omg he loves true blood 😍
That lady oml 😂
I hate her?
Paul McCartney who???
2017... WHY RULES? YASSSSSSSS SCOTT
Alex Jones called you pussys....\nhttps://youtu.be/TiLhPNpPn6g
シャベッタァーーーーー！！！！
subscription added
Please shave Mitch!
damn mitch you look great
Old mitchie coming back
Lmao tf he growin those pubes out for. Lookin like a damn pedophile
😍
Janet I genuinely love you
babiessssss x
pls pls iook to good
Are yall gay?
Whys your shirt say YOBWOC?
I Missing Old Mitch's Babyface💗😭💙💙
ITS JANET
LOVE YOU
Wait!? Does the Pentatonix disband already?
Omg They're back 😀
Mitch+Scott=♡?
❤❤❤💕
The cutest boys around??
Bruh is he a trans
Are these the dudes from ASAP Science?
Are they still in pentatonix
Please let the music video be for Guy.exe! My fav song!💗
These guys are faggots
Cum guzzling tramps
Hey dudes! You guys are fags!
Byron's smile reminds me of Rupert grint
Love you’re videos Joe
Omg i thought i was the only one who thought that Joe looks A LOT like Griezmann! It's true, Joseph. You are the Griezmann of Youtube. He could so easily be your twin, it's insane.
Byron looking fine 👌🏻 I'll go to a concert with you any day!
Anybody bored enough to list all the songs played by the foo fighters in order?
So jealous!!!  🤘🏻🎸
Omigosh!! They totally got the idea of the rick astley performance from James doing it!
@thatcherjoevlogs try to play a game called squad its a military sim
Your favorite band and you got those awful seats ? ...
you’re super cute, joe hi
Foo fighters are my favourite bands and yet to see them, hopefully I do soon!
1 subscribe = 1 iphone x in a give away
Hehe wonder if I find my hero
I play counter strike, overwatch, league of legends, guild wars and loads more :D (my pc can't handle PUBG unfortunately
I've never been more jealous of a vlog in my life
Thats amazing and I'm so jealous like I love Foo Fighters
I was singing along to the video lol
I play league of legends
Please do more GTA I loved it
Husband plays Dota 2, Pub G, CS, whatever  people are playing, he's playing haha
I have counter strike global offence and GTA 5
The foos kick asssss!!! Just caught them in concert last month :D
no wonder every vlog channel tumbnail have some retard making a stupid face, this shit is booooring, nobody would turn in otherwise
Joe? Can you bring back GTA videos cos they were the best! Xx
I’m going to hello world and ik it’s gonna be fabulous ❤️I went to ur booktour in Bristol ❤️😱😱as u can see from my profile pic
I play Heroes of Storm
Byron is such a sweetheart!
0:51 favourite part of the vlog 😂❤️ I died
I swear Joe was drunk at the concert!!!!!  Who agrees?!?!
1:40 oh he likes beano? I do to
Im going to Foo Fighters  on February 3rd  yussss!! i actually cant wait Love from NZZ
My brother plays the games and love you videos ❤❤
I am still waiting to meet my 3 heros.joe ,jack Maynard, Harry styles. I wont call byran my hero cos hes my daddy ♥♥♥♥
I really love Byron He's hot and HOT \nI actually love his personality too. OKAY AM IN LOVE.
I went to see the food in France
I love you Joe❤️❤️❤️
Foo fighters are the best
Hurry up and start your band Joe!
OMG I WATCHED THEM AS WELL WHEN THEY CAME TO SG AFT 21 DAMN YEARS YAASSSS FOO FIGHTERS :))))))))))
I really in love with PUBG now :D
pfft Dota, League is where its at ;)
This was the band what my German teacher was on about...oh my days
I don't play either of the game you said joe
Hey, you inspired me to make a song about cabbage. I've uploaded it to my channel & I'd love to hear what you think :)
League of legends is the best
I don't understand how people can go to a concert and sit in a seat, the real experience is in the crowd, trying to push to the front.
clubpenguin is my competitive game.(and roblox)IM KIDDING
I play LoL league of legends
You know what  a little birdy told me that Joe dated Perry Edwards from Little Mix
Also when ever Joe goes to these types of places he starts he puts random people in the vlog and never keeps in contact with them again lol
play fortnite !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I play pubg, csgo, overwatch and league of legends
My bonnet. I could listen to him talk all day! Does Burin live there now. Think I might have missed something. Been off volunteering for hurricanes don't hate me for missing!!
Joe: stop trying to get into my house this is where i live stop trying to abseil in.\n\nMe: I'm sorry Joe wont do it again.
Thanks for the time for a screen shot \nDefinitely saving that 😂
That defo looks like U😂😂😂💕
That photo😂😂😂
Hello little cutie
I love Foo Fighters too
Mobile gamer heroes evolved
My mum was here
FOO FIGHTERS!!!
DOTA 2 is LIFE !!! <3
OMG YOUR MUSIC TASTE IS AMAZING 😆😆
“Welcome the assholes!” R.I.P ME 2004 - 2017
you're so fucking lucky!!!!
yes...you kinda look like griezmann
Clash royal
Counter strike
Call of duty
Dave & Taylor! FF 😍❤🤘🏼🤘🏼
Foo Fighters ❤
I play roblox
LOL>DOTA 2
gta gta gta gta gta gta gta gta gta gta gta
Arma 33333
I LOVE BYRONS VOICE
MY BROTHER PLAYS DOTA 2
Your trending.
Griezmann is acc fit though 😂😂❤️❤️
Love the thumbnail
Why cant i get on trending joe ?
Do more travelling with Oli! 😄
Your mate wearing the same stuff??? ALL YOU SKINNY JEAN WEARING, TOWIE HAIRCUTTED POOFS WEAR THE EXACT SAME SHIT . It's like the youth of today have all been turned fag. Fact.\n\nFuck you and fuck your faggot mates too ya bunch of shit shovelling fairy cunts
counter strike!!!!!!!!!
Ugh not Dota 🤢 League Of Legends is the one 🤘🏼
Who else was singing along? Or was that just me...
Heroes of the storm is a nice online game n_n
josh runs like a girl hahahahhahaahahh xxx
pubg
PUBGGGG
I’m 14 years old I’ve seen the foo fighters more times I can count they are my favourite band in the whole mother f-ing world loved this vlog !!!!!💗💗
i play overwatch ps4
This kid needs a hair cut
Get on the counter strike mate
7:28 me when I see Harry styles in April
Yeeeep you look a little like Antoine Griezmann... 🇫🇷😘
my boyfriend plays counterstrike!!!!
Hey guys! Hope you're having a great day. I make videos about food and it would mean the world to me if you gave my channel a looking, lemme know what you think. Much love!
HAHAHA you do look like Greizmann sorta you could defs be like cousins 😂
Where are your boots from? ☺️
the laugh at 10:50!!😂😂 great video love youuu❤️
In love with those earrings!
Don't mind me, just screaming at my computer, GET THE BOSS BITCH COAT!!!!
I loved this video!
Your haircolor best of ever!!
Sucks that coat is alpaca fur and wool... Not cool, so much cruelty goes into that.
My goal for this winter is to have a good quality coat I have never had one 😂 and I’m going to turn 23 years old this November so I think it’s time to have a coat 💓 love you so much Sam ❤️
Hey Sam! I have never, ever commented on someone's video before but... there is a first time fore everything right!? Well, I've been watching your videos for years and I love how candid your channel is. Anyway, I have a statement red jumper from H&M. It's in their pricier range, but fits soooo good! The sleeves are baggy and the fit but maintains it's structure and good quality similar to the one you tried on. You should check it out: http://www2.hm.com/en_gb/productpage.0530178002.html
I went thrifting for the check jacket like you mentioned in your autumn looks video. I scored one for cheap, so I'm happy.
I loved this video!! I'm am vicariously living through your daily shopping lol love the jacket !
What foundation are you wearing?\nYour skin looks flawless :)
I want the coat in blue 💙💙
That blue coat😍 it's from other stories too?
omg that drummer man looked like someone soo much.. who the heck did he look like!!
Love this type of videos ☺️💕💕
Think the more 🍅 jumper looks like Velma from Scooby-Doo xd, definitely the boss bitch coat!! The name says it all. I liked the first red jumper and the 2nd :)
I don't mind the AD you put in any video, keep them videos coming Sam, it's awesome! 😄
You looked really good in that first red jumper ! You look amazing in everything though! Lol love the coat on you 💕👑
what store was she in with the boss btch coat ?
Looved the blue coat,but I would definitely go for the one you ended up picking up! I wanna go coat shopping too hahah I have a coat but I want a longer one :P Also liked both the second and the last sweater you tried on you. Looks like didnt end up with either of them though. Loved coming along shopping love that kind of vlog x
Hey guys!!! I've been following Samantha Maria for about ten years, and she's inspired me to start vlogging! If you have time, please check it out... I just started grad school, so I'm vlogging about my PhD experience. Sam, if you see this, I hope you'll check it out, too! (I posted this comment on one other video, but I'll stop now because I don't want to spam :o )
The blue coat was looking super good on you.
Isn't her foundation a little bit orange in this video? Especially in the beginning..?or is it just me maybe 🤔😂
You always look so so beautiful and i love you as a brunette, it is so natural and fresh on you 😘
I NEED that coat.
Samantha you're a sweetheart !! Really enjoyed watching this video, this coat looks great on you :-)
LOVED THIS!! please do more, shopping is my favourite thing xD
Love the lip colour on you! Do you think it'd be good for someone who struggles with applying lipstick?
Loved come shopping with me vlogs, would be interesting to see where you go for coffee/food/drinks when you're in london! I always love trying new places and would be interesting to see where you enjoy going!
Feus de Bois candle is the most beautiful candle at diptique I burn it summer winter spring dont care love it. goes well with the lavender. I burn both when putting my babaa to bed. very soothing.
the Tomato colored jumper was amazing on you! It maked you pop!
You look so good and this was a great vlog!!
I've seen other british youtubers do the Bourjois lipstick test, and their video was marked as an AD. Isn't this one an AD as well?
What was the name of your Jo Malone perfume?  You're gorgeous!
I love the coat.
love the 2nd jumper and the boss bitch coat lol! :)
Love to watch your videos Sam. You look amazing wearing that lipstick and your hair looks so so nice too. You seem so happy and I'm glad for you 🤗 Love the coat and I'm in love with that blue ruffle dress 😍😍😍 Lots of love from Holland
i'm going to head up to london i thought she would be living in london. Anyone can help me here?
I live in Amsterdam and tried the same coat in & other stories! Loved it! So soft. But was a bit worried about all the rain in fall and winter. What do you think? Will it ruin the coat..?
Just watched about 8 of your vlogs 😂😂 #sammicatchup but seriously loved every single one!
❤ your vids so much . You have great understated style
Love the video I need to go shopping with u lol 🙌🏼✨
You didn't really pick the best colour to be testing out because it's so similar to your lip colour. Just a suggestion to try a darker or bolder colour next time
I loooooove the first red sweater
God this channel is shit..
I loveeee ❤️ the black boots. Does anyone know the brand of the boots?
I am OBSESSED with the coat!! I need something like it in my life!
Which red jumper did you choose? My favourite was the second one
If I were to visit London, I would ask you to go shopping with me! love your blogs sam!
Absolutely LOVE the coat 😍
The coat looks so good on you! I definitely think you made the right choice - stylish and classy 😍 xoxo
yaaay I love this blog. where are the high shine pointed boots you were wearing from? x
<3 You pull of so many looks. Love your style. You inspire me to create my own style and experiment out of my comfort zone.
I'd love to see more of these videos 🙌🏼
😍 Oh I love love the black coat! It looks so great on you. I'm from Florida so of corse we don't get the weather to wear a coat like that. Also the earrings are beautiful!
It's interesting to see you debate investing on a winter coat since those are the things I find myself willingly splurging on. About 5 years ago I bought a €150 coat and a €50 and while the first one is still going strong, the second has been replaced after a year of wear because it was wrecked. I would rather invest in such a staple than in trendier pieces such as jackets and shirts.
You look so happy! Love seeing you this way 😊❤
Loved this video!! I really love how we get to see  the thought process behind what you choose to buy and not just the haul portion of the video. By the way what foundation are you wearing because your makeup looks amazing in this video :)
Loved it:) def would enjoy if you do those more :) xx love the coat, suits you so well
I love this video! Here in Denmark we have a coat/Blazer that reminds you very much of the one you looked at in Mango. It's called 'neo noir wales coat', and it's really good quality, and it fits so well!! <3
YES PLEASE, do more videos like this if you can, seriously it makes me feel like I'm with you, going around shopping :D and also its obviously so awesome to be able to see what kind of staple pieces you choose to buy!
I haven't watched you before but this was fun!
I really enjoy come shopping with me videos (:
Yes more videos like this please! Love your coat btw! 👏
That blue coat on you was EVERYTHING 😍😍
The lipsticks look great. And the color you chose looks great. I just feel like they will be so drying. All the long lasting ones are. I might try one. Love the coat you bought.
Love these type of videoes! Definitely do more please! xx
Yeah made my day as usual
I loved the blue one as well :) You looked very nice with it too. Probably I'm telling you because I love blue color.
where are your boots from?
This hair color and texture reminds me of Mariah Carey in the 90s
Well done for vlogging when it was so busy!!! I think I would have chickened out xx
Almost 500k!!! I remember watching your get ready with me while you were in uni
I enjoy your videos because your personality isn't fake and cloying. You just seem authentic and down to earth.
anyone know the song in the back at 6:07?
Song name and artist please @6.23
Loved following you round! Also, as a longtime subscriber it was cool because I knew which pieces were more Sam haha. 😘\n\nI think I will wait a while before getting the bourjois lipsticks.. whenever a brand does a big campaign and sponsors a lot of Youtubers etc, it makes me suspicious. Lol. I want a product that sells itself.
Love your haircolor right now\n ☺️
Loved everything about this video!
Bourjois didnt overpower your vlog. Love you!
Lovely vlog! Your style is always amazing :)
Great buys Sammi!
Sam! Your eyebrows looks amazing 😍
I forgot, Zara has amazing red sweaters
❤️
Love your darker hair!
Bourjois lipsticks are amazing :)
Love your outfit!
love that coat !
Love watching your shop.
Love your shopping vlogs keep them coming
Loved this video!
Thank you Sammi!! Love your vlogs :) <3
love that coat!
Love your style :D
Love the vlog, Sam 💕
One word - Lint Roller.  Beautiful coat. x
❤️💜🖤💛💙💚
Love your vlogs! Xx
An early lesson in expectations.
Woah did she just assume the gender of that unborn baby?
*British crying*
but there are 76 genders, how do you know its a boy
Sexist bitch
Comment section these days is cancer! Such negativity on a little girl? see how cute and innocent she is. 💕
Talk about a perfect accidental commentary on modern day society.
Don't feed her too many candies.
I thought this was very cute until I realized that his is her typical behavior she has adapted to, in order to earn blue sweeties. =(
Cuteness overload! God bless you all!
Different but I remember acting the same way. lol
Can I promote this video on the TV show The List - thelisttv.com ? Let me know, thanks!
Fuck, people dumb enough to still film vertically squeezing more out.
Adorable!
Hello,\n\nWe’d love to feature your video on our Facebook page - VT (https://www.facebook.com/vtdotco). We have over 18million followers and we'd link all the credit back to this video on YouTube!\n\nLet me know if this is OK and feel free to email me on permissions@junglecreations.com
Hi there,\n \nI’m emailing on behalf of MailOnline, the world’s largest English language newspaper website.\n \nWe really loved your video: \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qLrKUtV0Kw\n\nWe are asking you, as the copyright owner, to grant us a perpetual worldwide license to use your video and screengrabs on the MailOnline website, MailOnline apps and MailOnline social accounts.\n \nYou can read more about how we use third party content here http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/article-1388146/Terms.html#yourcontent1.\n \nYou will retain all copyright in your video, and we’ll include any credits and hyperlinks that you specify, unless you have signed syndication rights to an agency in which case please confirm and we will liaise directly with them. \n \nWe’d love to work with you and we look forward to hearing back from you as soon as possible. \n \nPlease feel free to contact me if you have any questions.
Well all I'm gonna say is this isn't really that cute at all. Any child of this age that I know who's found out the sex of their baby siblings never cried over wanting a sibling of the same gender. I never did either. Looks to me this girl seems quite spoilt. Of course she's just a kid at the end of the day though, and I'm pretty certain she'll love her little brother once he arrives.
Waaaay tooo many disgusting people here in the coments. You should feel ashamed!
No offense but she is rude I love my baby sister to bits yes I was expecting a brother but so what about gender she is cute no matter what that girl is spoilt mum needs tell her that her brother will be sad if she dont love him! Rude child. Idc if shes 3 she should know
so funny when grownup neo-feminists act like exactly the same way sometimes
I agree with this little girl 100%.   It is a completely valid opinion.
my little too when she he a him.
Fake tears, the parents have taught her to be this way through poor reinforcement. She cries, then gets rewarded with candy. Unsurprisingly, her tears end immediately.
He\n He\n  He\nShe's funny.
Siobhan, turn off the comments. They're saying awful things about your children. Just turn them off!
lol stupid children
So sweet! saw her on the Wendy Williams Show!Adorableness
Start saving and you can pay for his surgery, little girl.
This wouldn't happen in China. It would be more like Good news! We're having a boy so we don't have to infanticide your new sibling like we almost did with you.
you know what this video really means. the boys are her school are not very nice to her
That boy is going to be tortured for at least the first 10 years of his life.
I had a british older sister, she was mean and didn't want me either lmao
It boggles my mind why parents like this are so eager to share their shitty parenting with the rest of the world.
I wouldn't leave her alone in the room with the new baby, just sayin
Hi Siobhan I work for @DailyBlasLive! We would love to use this adorable video please email me at alexie.pincus@dailyblastlive.com
Hopefully her brother realizes he is a she and gets HRT therapy before she can walk.
Good luck with all that, little guy.
Spoiled!
Guuuuul
that is one ugly kid
Sexist toddler! haha xD
Circi Lannister's first home movie
What a cutie :)
feminism in a nutshell
Damn feminist brat
Bitch
Rescue a dog.  Problem solved.
new phone who dis?
Poor baby hahaha.
Giiiiiiiirrrrrrrrllll
Thanks for reminding me why I don't have kids.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Feminism already corrupting the youth smh tbh fam
Lesbian feminist in the making.
Rémes ez a gyerek még szerencse,hogy a következő fiú talán az nem lesz ilyen hisztis...
She needs to step away from the Pop Tarts from time to time, methinks.
Tell her the baby boy is trans and can dress her up like a girl.
Your kid is dumb
Brat
I know this is British, but can any of you Brits tell me what area this accent is attributed to?
My parents did the same thing when my sister was going to be born. I still wish she was a boy...
I came for the comments and I am not disappointed.
get rid of the little cunt, i mean the alive one BTW
making the sex of an unborn crucial\nvertical video\nboy's and girl's color\nbribing with sweets
Beggars can’t be choosers
I'd grab that little fucker and shake her violently. Then sell her to my friend Jeremy Epstein. John Posestda will pay top dollar too
*Did you just assume that baby's gender what the fuck you are literally hitler I am calling CPS right now prepare to have your life ruined and your family torn apart!!!!!!!!!!!!!*
Cheer up, little one! These days, newborns get to choose their gender! So, they just might end up being a girl after all!\nHopefully your tax funded public school administration will get the gender situation sorted out early on by Pre-K! Good luck!
What a brat. You can tell the kid uses crying to get what she wants. And these parents videotape as if it's amusing. Just wait 10 years.
just cut off his penis
dumb cunt dont sideways film u dumb whore and beat ur ugly ass kid. dont ever let them talk back like its nothing dumb whore
fucking annoying little kid
www.reddit.com sent me here and oh my god im glad i dont have a fuckin annoying girl like that as my kid the parents are obviously pussy liberals for letting this happen my sister would have never acted like that because my parents believed in spanking not being a pussy parent who gives trophys for everything
THAT LITTLE GIRL IS JUST LIKE THE REDDIT COMMUNITY, CRYING OVER SOME STUPID SHIT, AND UPSET THAT THEY CANT GET THEIR WAY. POOR BABIES
I really felt her pain; that was so sad :(  Saddest thing ever.  never watching this type of stuff again its horrible.
You gotta show this on her wedding day..
Hi, I'm Ivana from Rumble.com. We are interested at featuring your amazing video on our site. Please email me at ivana@rumble.com for more info. Thanks!
Closing in on 1 MILLION subscribers!  Thanks for watching!!\nSupport this weeks charity - https://www.globalgiving.org/projects/mexico-earthquake-relief-fund/\n\nStart Halloween right, come see Nostalgia Critic's new review of IT (2017) on the big screen with cast and crew!\nOct 4th It Review Screening - https://theawesomestore.com/index.php?dispatch=products.view&product_id=29998\nOct 5th It Review Screening - https://theawesomestore.com/index.php?dispatch=products.view&product_id=29999
When is the it review going to be released on youtube?
18:04 Honestly, it is a funny line. They should have saved it for a different superhero movie.
Have you ever considered doing the barbie movies? Maybe make it a month or something? I'd really love to see yall making fun of them lol i grew up with them but i gotta admit their quality is shit
you should review the land before time series
With the deadpool skit I thought he was saying deadpool wasn't funny and I was kinda angry
Theres still Green Lantern Corp or they can redue the 1st with Emerald Dawn.
I still hate how awkward and stilted the new intro is.
The deadpool stuff wasnt funny. Now of course, thats the point, but saing it isnt funny doesnt solve the fact that it isnt funny and makes this a very annoying review that is hard to watch.
I'd get MacDonald's with Supes...Or Lois.
it's almost like quality comedy writing requires talent...
Maybe it's just me but the last three or four reviews seem terribly boring. Maybe it's because they are focusing all their efforts on the IT review or because the movies are just so bland. Oh well. At least Devilboner and Hyper are happy.
Am I the only one who said Ding like cinema sins when he said Guardians of the Universe
What is the name of that apple jacks song
Why would I pay 20 dollars to see Doug's review of IT when I can pay (about) 15 dollars to see IT?
I feel kind of bad for Malcolm...
Wait is that... TAIKA WAITITI??!?! DIRECTOR OF THOR RAGNAROK?!?! DAMMIT! Missed oppunrtunity for a taking notes on how not to direct a superhero movie joke.
I'm not sure why they didn't think the comic design of Parallax would work on film. Or maybe the head in a cloud was just cheaper to animate. Hammond seem pointlessly forced into the film. I don't think his transformation has anything to do with Parallax in the comics.
It would've been hilarious if that was actually Ryan Reynolds
I don't know who has the biggest forehead, The New Pennywise or The Main Villain of this movie?
A friend of mine is a huge fan of Green Lantern so when he heard this movie was coming out he wouldn't stop taking about, after he saw it he never talked about it again. Also congrats Devil Boner and Hyper Fan Girl.
Seriously Critic, you should've gotten AnimatedJames to be Deadpool in this. He was practically Deadpool' twin when he did a live reaction of EG: Legend of Everfree.
Wait, is the professor played by Stan from the original IT?
I havent seen this film but it was pretty strange to listen to you critisise the CGI when it actually looks pretty high-budget and realistic.
I think Nostalgia Critic hit on why Deadpool can only ever be on the sideshow
Man, it would be awesome to see it. but you know,  Brazil to LA is a big distance ):
I like how they make fun of the dead pool movie.
Green lantern and use your willpower\n\n\nor black lantern and bring back dead Batman
Green Lantern movie is a pile of shit! 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕
I wonder if you guys will ever make a 1987 transformers movie vid I would love it but I doubt it will happen
HEy NOSTALGIA CRITIC. WHY do the parodist Deadpool say the same jokes as Deadpool, but they look like a stupit gyes? why? WHY? WHY? Because Deadpool's film is bad and stupid.
That feel when you think of a movie as somewhat recent, then it comes on a Nostalgia channel.
Do a wrong turn review
18:18 who the hell was that?
If i lived in usa i would go, im sad now
Yikes, the guardians of the universe you mean fetuses
Why didn't you harp about how the guy who became a villain at the end was named Sinestro and the movie treated it like it was a surprise.
When are you gonna review IT on YouTube
19:08 the sad thing is sky high made more money and has better effects then this film
I wanna see your screening Channel Awesome but I live in Canada!😭 I'm going to cry now
I wanna see your review on the big screen but I live in Australia and don't have a passport :( 🙁
Just some suggestions I just wanted to throw out there using quotes that the characters say to best summarize what lies ahead for the Critic (Reply if you know what they are):\nMy grandfather is dead.\nAre you like a crazy person?\nDo the thing!
I watched this in an advace screening in a teather full of fans, guys in costumes an all, and I remember how, when the movie ended, there was just a sad silence. Normally, no matter how bad or mediocre there is some kind of cheer or applause. Not this time.
Even w/o this movie the lanterns always seemed useless to me, and far too reliant on Earths green lantern. Kinda ironic considering how powerful they are supposed to be
That lovely over used dead parent(s) DC background story. :^)\n\nAlso I heard the new Green Lantern film will have Ice Cube as John Stewart. What a time to be alive!!
The green lantern movie was not half bad
So....are those tickets gonna be physical or emailed? Cause I'm still waiting either way
2011 called and said it wants it's easy target back.
God this guy is awful. Trying so hard to be funny but coming off obnoxious instead.
My short review of this video and channel.\nI didn't laugh, I wasn't entertaint and  I wasn't surprised.\nOf late this channel's videos have been very repetitive in how he/they review movies and do jokes. \nIt just seems forced and unauthentic.. . I know he is doing a character and thats how he reacts to bad movies, but i don't find it funny or fitting for ALL reviews..\nI dont know.. Maybe it's just me who wants a reviewer to be more easy going and only have the movie-actors acting bad and silly
Move To Google And Type: *gamesecrxguide facebook* It is going to be the purely working facebook secret working from this month. Please don't waste the available free time on other methods
Think Doug would ever review the 2016 movie Mamaboy?
I think a great nostalgia-ween episode would be tremors.
DeathBattle: Deadpool vs. Pinkie Pie.  That's what you're missing, Doug.
Man, what I wouldn't do to go to that It screening..... To bad I live in Australia lmao 
Critic will your it rewiew come on youtube.
I actually enjoy this movie. Don't ask me why. I don't really know, I just do.
Please don't let Malcom play deadpool again. Nearly as bad as xmen origins wolverine
The IT crowd reference!
try Green Lantern: Emerald Knights is bettter that this movie
Unpopular opinion; Green Lantern's special effects don't actually look that bad, I actually liked the colour work of the film and a lot of the shot composition, I thought Reynolds was halfway entertaining to watch despite the uninspired plot and Mark Strong was a pretty great Sinestro. People act like this movie was Catwoman or Elektra or any Batman movie before the Nolan Trilogy but it's problem isn't that the CG was bad (it really, really isn't), it's just that it's a 6/10 movie. I mean, Green Lantern was at least more memorable than Thor 2, every Hulk movie, any superhero film with a female lead before Wonder Woman (I've heard Tank Girl is good but I haven't watched it myself). Honestly Critic's over the top hate for the film annoyed me more than anything else, since he usually comes off as the voice of reason in the sea of cynical shit that is the internet.
Maybe if you actually wrote Deadpool like Deadpool, he'd be funny.
I hope people in Mexico are alright. A friend of mine has family in Mexico and I'm praying that they are okay. Btw, good review critic
Review Yu-Gi-Oh Dark Side of Dimension movie Nostalgia Critic
It Old v. New when?!
I remember being so hyped for this movie but in the end it was a turd. I remember this came out two weeks after X-Men: First Class. I wasn't especially excited for that movie because the last X-Men prequel was also a turd though First Class was directed by the same bloke who made Kick-Ass so I was a little hopeful and it turned out to be really good and the best superhero flick of 2011 along with Thor and Captain America: The First Avenger.
Half of me actually likes how self aware this movie can be at times... It's like it recognizes how bad it is and just doesn't care... But only for a moment at a time so it doesn't really help.
is nostalgia gonna release the it review on youtube after its release?
First superhero movie I ever saw
Hey nostalgia critic, at what point will you review your own old reviews? You're on season ten.
Cringe is all over me
fuck man i wont be able to be there man this sucks.review was awesome tho
PLEEEAAAASE DO MARMADUKE CAUSE THAT SHIT WAS SO BAD!!!!!
Channel Awesome please  do a review on the new IT movie i have watched IT and I think it would make for some great fun on the channel and is a big step up from the last movie incarnatian we got please do IT on the channel\n\nlike if you agree please and thank you
Please do Looney Tunes: Back In Action.\nA film that had positive reviews but was a box office flop
Nostalgia Critic, wanna crossover on a review of Scooby Doo And The Ghoul School
GEOFFREY RUSH IS IN THIS MOVIE?!?!
That ending with devil boner and hyper fan girl was strangely cute.\nI loved it.
The Deadpool jokes were horrible.
please do dream warriors
It's an amazing how unappealing this film is Lmao classic
To quote Nash How do you screw up a concept as simple as Green Lantern? That's like screwing up digesting Jell-o!
review the new power rangers movie
Congrats on trending
Megatrons schlong mMmMMmmMMmMMmM
Do Godzilla 1954
Still better than Man of Steel or BvS >_<
Srry fanboys n girls but cosplay Deadpool is not far off from Reynolds Deadpool.
do review harvey beaks series finale
Devil boner respects WAHmen
That's memepool not deadpool
MATIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!
Anyone else think critic should review Coraline?
Green lantern >>> mcu
Taika Waititi deserved better than this
this movie WASTED Taika Waititi and Temuera Morrison :/
It's better than whole DCEU, tbh
3:18 Holy crap. Obi Wan Kenobi???
Review Pan !
Do emoji movie
THUMBS UP THIS VIDEO IF YOU’RE A KILLER!\n(Probably not the best name for the Kill’em family 😂)\n\nP.S. Since recording this video I have donated money to multiple charities involving helping the blind and deaf. This challenge really showed me how hard it truly is to live without sight and/or hearing.
Spend the night in a cemetery:):)
**Btw ur channel isn’t blowing up as much for some reason? :( **
Spend the night in a bed
Spend the night under a bridge with only your food,water and phone thats it
Spend the night in a big bag                Like if u agree with me
Have u done a vid revealing moons face
Spend the night in a graveyard
In b4 he hits a mill then earns a fortune then finds himself and starts making nature videos
Haha! It's a grow closet!
Spend the night I bubble wrap
Spend 24h hours in a shower
You should spend the night at Dumfries at Quinn's bar in Scotland
i spent the night in the sewers pls do that
What's his camcorder he bought? with the night vidion? i'd really want it...
This should be called the Helen Keller challenge😂
your channel is blowing up on subs
Spend the night in a mirror room!!!
Spend the night in a tunnel
spend the night in a straight jacket
spend the night in a graveyard
SPENT A NIGHT IN AN ELEVATOR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You should stay in the dark and put your head phones on and try have a conversation with moon
SPEND THE NIGHT AT MY HOUSE
Spend halloweem night in a cemetry
Your girlfriend needs to get actual useful stuff
Drink mushroom tea for 2 days and do 48 hours of darkness !!!
spend the night in a store Like a tolit paper fort or sompthing
spend the night above a bamboo
spend the night on the side of a highway
I come from the uk
You should spend the night at a friends house but dont tell them untill u leave like If u agree
Your eyes look scary on the camera XD
Spend the night in a graveyard. Spend the night in a friends house and dont tell them till u leave
Why doesnt he shows his girlfriend in his videos? I really want to see her😂
Spend the night in a dumpster
Sleep in  A friends house but do not tell him or her and tell you leave but make sure to creep them out a little like do a prank on  them don't let them know it's you
Sleep in a hammock up a tree love ur videos
Spend the night in a sensory deprivation tank.
24 hrs in a supermarket like if u agree
Do a 40 hour backpack challenge
Put it back on you cheetah lel moon is funny
I spent 24 hours in my bed and it was so CRAZY and INTENSE!!!!!!
Spend the night in a haunted house👀👁
It's not really silent if he's talking the whole way through it
spend the night in a school
Spend the night in a elevator or a park
spend the night on a bridge
Stay in a Noise Isolation room for 12 hours
Do one where it's on the streets for 24 hours with supplies =) +=)
Hold up a sec, I swear I saw shadows when Tom was going through the box at the start of te challenge
You should make a video where u edit a video blind folded
Spend the night on a bus with limited 7 supplies
Spend the night in a piano
So an overnight challenge on the neighbors roof, or in your own damn house 😂
Take some type of psychedelic and do this again 😂
24 hour challenge in haunted mental asylum
Please can you spend Halloween in a abandoned hospital morgue for 24 hours?
Spend 12 hours in a bounce house
spend the night in a locket bathroom
Sleep on a bed one night
Why do you always stop filming so early!
Spend the night in a store after they close
Spend the night in a car boot
Spend the night in your ass
Spend a night inside a rook alone with only a dildo
u can become blind if you spend the night in darkness
.
hi
I love liquorice!
I love liquorice
Sleep in a cupboard challange
OMG SOMEONE ELSE CAN SEE THE COLORFUL DOTS AHHHH
Is moon foreign?
HE IS HELLEN KELLER!!!!!!! BLIND AND DEAF!!!
Spend a night in the white house
We Must Secure The Existence Of Our People And A Future For White Children
Spend the night on a bike
I spent the night in your neighbors backyard
👍👍👍
24hrs on the tube
Yes I subd
Ya
24h in airport!
This should have been called the deaf-blind challenge not the no senses challenge
Give us an update on the peppers!
It's a Banger
Spend a night in a shed with no covers or sleeping bags
Hellen Keller spent her whole life like this
What does moon do when your doing all the challenges
24 hours in a graveyard
or in a grave yard
Their beautiful buns
You are awesome yeah😊
LOL HELEN KELLER
I like licorice
Oh they're beautiful buns \n\nKill'em 2017
WHO IS MOON
stay overnight in an airport
😁😁
Bayern are trying to finish 3rd so they can face Arsenal in the Europa League  knockout stages and beat them again.
Mbappe destroyed Bayern what a performance
Where's Arsenal in the programme
5:33 is messed up listen to the audio
United need to start playing some passes back rather than just shooting, because they had players in much better positions. This could've easily been 7-1
It's looking good for the English teams
A English team is definitely going far in this tournament
Steven Gerrard is honestly one of the worst pundits. He talks nonsense every week. He talks about Atletico never being torn apart like that yet Real Madrid beat them 3-0 twice last season
Lol RIO is such a Londoner I love it it's illegal 😂👏🏾
Gerrard always salty about Rashford and Man Utd in general
Even Celtic have won more than Looserpool lmao, currently the worst British CL team and the embarrassment of English Football (Apart from Arsene Wenger FC).\nChelsea, City, United and Spurs are class 👌
Lukaku too powerful
Martial FC
How does Costa feel now?
As a Man Utd fan I'm really glad Chelsea won. It's good to see English teams putting up a good fight in Europe right now compared to the horrendous few seasons we've had before in Europe!
No surprise from Stevie g to make comment like that about a Manchester united player saying mbpappe is world class and not rashford
Its illegal what he's doing, not allowed, get out of the stadium
All UK teams \n\nMatch Day 1\nCeltic - Lose \nMan City -Win \nMan Utd - win \nSpurs - Win\nChealsea - Win (sorry if i spelled wrong )\nLiverpool - Draw\n\n\nMatch Day 2 \nCeltic - Win \nChealsea - Win \nMan Utd - Win \nSpurs - Win \nMan City - Win \nLiverpool - Draw\n\n\n This shows that liver pool are the best team in the champions league
Neymar>Mbappe<Lukaku>Martial<Morata<
Bt sport are great this year but they need to get rid of Owen
Wrong commentary at 5:30
English Teams 👏👏👏👏 But Liverpool🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Lukaku is the definition of a overrated tap-in merchant.
Come catch up with whether my door is locked
if mbappe is world class then what does that make gabriel jesus
What's with the music?
Boom CHELSEA CHELSEA ARE THE BEST ARSENAL FANS DONT MESS WITH US
stevie, micheal owen was world class at 18, he won a ballon d'or and everything!
Neymar right now is on his own at the top, best player in the world.
Check out the full fight video of England cricketer Ben Stokes on my page
I would love to see an English team in the CL finals
The music for Juve made me think Dybala hit the post haha
BT's pundits are the worst. They do remember Madrid tearing them apart last season 3 times right?
Mbappe is so LIT 💥 its almost illegal what he's doing in the pitch ⚽️
Now what happened to the commentary at 5:33
got the commentary wrong at like 5:50 with lewandowski
Never thought the team id be happy to get in the last 16 would be Barca
Manchester United best team in England ❤️
The commentary at 5:43 does not refer to what is being shown on screen. Its hilarious. Bayern are on the attack but listening to the commentator you'd think PSH had had the shot.
Martial >>> Mbappe
Psg got lucky
Fantastic coverage
Lukaku more like Donkeykaku lolz
5:33 doesnt make sense
BT Sport > Sky Sport > BBC Sport
Wheres arsenal... oh wait
Chelsea make their Mark
Roma only beat Qarabag 2-1? Very weak score
Fair play chelsea
5:32 audio mixed up???
Higuine
Common chels!!!
Loved Bayern getting raped by Paris
5:33 ...
Haha costa
mBappe 😁😁😁
umtiti and semedo >>
5:40 I'm confused
5:30 lol
Shouldn't the title say 27th instead of 28th? :D
Wow Benfica are truly awful
Anyone notice Liverpool's game was not shown. 😂
I love seeing Athletico lose for some reason. Shaping up to be a stacked knockout round this year.
david luiz.. what a liability
liverpool will be the first English team knocked out ...
1:54 Conte's cunting the floor lol
Benfica are nothing without Ederson in goal
Anyone know the song name and artist for the song played during the PSG vs Munich Highlights?
The English teams are improving, so far so good!!!!!!
Jan Oblak??????
Just saying but Lukakus goals were both VERY lucky. Moratas goal was seriously a gem
get rid of Chris Sutton
september 27th - not 26th ------- terrible mistake
Carlo Ancelotti has been Sacked
Great to see English teams doing well! I'm envious Arsenal aren't a part of it. What a win by Chelsea, just superb, United looked clinical and City will be tough for anyone to defend against. Good for Spurs too, it's about time their fans enjoyed watching a decent side. Hopefully Liverpool will improve to make it 5/5 in the last 16, Anfield needs more big nights. As for my team, well I'm off to Belarus, should be fun. Would love to see us win the whole thing.
here is a link to my interview with Jason Andrade of West Coast Sustainables: https://youtu.be/UosRyvIO5b0
You stole my idea Mr.Krabs (≖_≖ )
Wow. Wow. Wow. AWESOME!!!!!!!
The chickens are really cool
why all white?
Great job guys!!!
Ordering a solar powered workshop*
Awsome
Great job!
Lol, u like home depo? Great vid anyway
Looks great! 👍
i love it
This is pretty dope
My dude made a ramp for a push mower *shaking head*
I want one!!!!!!
Awesome man!
#TAKEMYMONEY
Lol dospe
This is Awesome!
yes to solar panels! yes to renewable energy!!!
Dopee
Legit af
So jealous
WoW!
Really nice!
Surprised no insulation.
Good Job!
Awesome!
so cool !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
love it !
Fix your fence
you like black'n'deker nah ?
Great Video
Awesome build, pretty jealous right now
More please
How much is the total cost of this project?
you done good, very well done video.
i want this, but i dont have budget or patience :p
i can life here 😍
So fucking white in there. Reminds me of that one room from Human Revolution.
Can i ask why you used only 400W of solar?
I wish every customer prepped the building area as well as you did. I worked two summers as a Tuff Shed installer and I really enjoy seeing what you have done with your shed!
Oh god, construction by hipsters. Is nothing sacred?
Why didn't you get a 40 ft container for half the cost?  This shop is the size of an outhouse.
Looks great. Good luck keeping that pure white clean in a workshop! lol
if you have this much money to spend on a shed.... can you buy me a 1000 dollar car
How much does this cost in total?
You purchased you solar panel kit through home Depot??
How much would it cost to build a workshop like this?
Nicely done, thanks for the vid. This gives me so many ideas for my own work shed. Adding solar power is an awesome way to handle the electrical needs. In my case, this saves figuring out how to power an existing shed without tapping into the main house electrical box...  \n\nHave a subscribe & a like...  ^_^
Screw tools home, seems a good idea for a small home lol
Gotta convert that direct current to alternating current so we can charge up all of our direct current powered tools.
Ok I'm just saying idk if white is a good idea but I'm probably extremely messy?
Though it seems you could have spared some expenses, it is awesome to see such a great video of how to do it right. Thanks!
I  want one of those!!!
I a very interested in building  one , do they come bigger . Call (401)954-3599
White on white on white on white. Why no accent colors?
That's rad but my problem with solar is having enough power for big 3 phase machines and multiple welders.
When can I have that shed put in my backyard? ;)
CONNECTICUT message or reply here ill install solar!
Do you live in ohio
Well now we have to do the rest of the world😂
Do you have a electric bill
Haha we get it you're sponsored by Ryobi ;)
Wish i had a house with a big backyard ...
Great video! How would the solar electrical setup change using a Tesla battery bank?
Neatly done though i am not sure that white will last long
Wow, you're a gooooood brother!  Nice workshop!💕👏🏽
Good shit!! I would have added external a/c outlets
I love it! - 2 things: no concrete footing below ground means in a strong storm the shed will get blown over, and....... it needs a beer fridge!
I’m jealous of your sister too! This is amazing!
Is there a way to have a solar power system that can pull energy from the grid if it is discharged past a certain point, in a shed like this?
I don't know why the shell houses aren't like this. $600 a month only for rain protection is complete bullsheet. I'm fine with 1 room.
You did a great job and you make a great video, keep up the good work.
This was amazing, I loved IT
Loved the large scale project
Nice job. I could do without the cheap tools though. ;) Most of my stuff is Festool. We are getting things together to go off grid with our tool shed too.
This is pretty cool! How do I sell out and get companies to give me things?
home depot all over the place
why didn't you paint all the tools white?
Great project, but the toolbox and stool are going to look terrible once the paint starts wearing off
Nice video man looks nice and clean
This is absolutely beautiful 💖 Love watching your videos!
Awesome! I’ve already been inspired to run DC into my garage, and I’ve lost track of all the other touches I’m going to adapt! Will definitely watch again and study the links for specifics.
Son have the fentynal addicts broken in and stolen anything yet?
Interesting build, I've been thinking about building a custom shed for wood storage. Not as internally complex as yours, but the outside will be Japanese style.
awesome! if you need a space to try building a tiny house, my back yard is available :P
I wish I can make a grow house same as that all white interior!
Great job but I would have added insulation, a ceiling and walls.  I also would have vented the roof with ridge and soffit vents.
Some clever ideas but the rain gutter recessed lighting has a couple issues. First being that this is a wood working tool shop there is going to be tons of dust flying up and around and rain gutters in a woodshop are now sawdust gutters that dont drain. You'll slowly lose light as that sawdust builds up and in a few months you wont have any light as it will be burried under a bunch of sawdust getting hot and possibly causing a fire.
6:20 - That nut scraping the surface hurt my soul :<
Just a very small nitpick that really does not matter; a inverter circuit boosts an AC voltage to a higher AC voltage, the part that converts DC to AC is often called an oscillator or waveform/sine generator and I believe it is called a faze converter in power grid usage.
Wow! Dream shop for sure, too cool
R u sponsored by ryobi
Missed a perfect opportunity to take this shed from good to outstanding....why, why didn't you take the time to throw some insulation and drywall up? Would have been really cool...almost like an addition to the house!
No insulation? Going to be cold in Winter.
I don't think your shed is oriented the correct way.
A great video on Sustainable Energy, I still subscribed, but it would have been nice in FULL DISCLOSURE to state that the products were from The Home Depot. There's nothing wrong with that. Just be up front. I would love to see a project using shipping containers and solar panels. (BTW-You are overpaying for your solar panels and equipment drastically). Also How about some Automation. (WiFi Lawn Mower)?? Still all said, very well done!
1:35 I'm wet
do you work for ryobi or something. jeez, usually you see a mix of tools, it looks like you went and purchased all of these at the same time as the materials.
Once a wildcat, always a wildcat
You should do 73 questions with Cole Sprouse
He avoided too many questions 🙄😡
please please what's the first song of his barbecue playlist ?
Seems like a right douche
wtf those pool lounge chairs could be my home LOL
I saw 73 question and was like LIZAAAAS
S H A R A C H A
Seriously tho they just need to do one with harry styles
idk if i dislike the dudes voice or this series tries so hard at not seeming scripted but it seems so disingenuous
73 questions with the dolan twins
This might be the fakest corniest most obvious google ad combined with obvious script and unnatural cool acting ive ever seen someone seriously put out into public. who is the interviewer suppost to be a robot in some parallel universe where zac efron is king of the world and the coolest person to ever exist. Hes an actor and exceptionally attractive but damn dude youre not God calm down. why are you so obsessed with how cool you come across that you cant just act natural. And vogue why cant you have a real interview without scripting and choreographing every single action. And google why do you suck at coming up with product placement ideas. I feel so embarrassed for every employed adult that thought this was a good idea for their business.
The parody is better.... hehehe
Loved!... It was the most relaxed and so real...
Please do one with Beyonce!!
I like Liza Koshy's 73 questions with vogue better!!
Does he live in la
That bbq was not even on. FAKE NEWS
73 questions with miley cyrussss would be interesting
go to karaoke song: start of something newwwww!!! Zac whats wrong with you???
OH HERE IS ZAC EFRON JUST CASUALLY LOOKING SO FINE
what would you change your name to khalessi game of thrones!!!
Is it me or the voice of the guy asking questions is so soothing
Me: Liza and David's Vogue is nicer 😂😂😂
I never really had a crush on Zac Efron...until now
73 answers from Zac and my most beautiful and amazing 9 best minutes 😙😙😙
I used to copy this guy so much. I even share the same birthday as his lol. Now I'm in my mid 20s and have my own personality but being his fan was pretty good for me and helped me do things that i didn't have motivation for like working out. But I'm amazed by how he's still got his cool, time for me to take another advice from him patience.
too young to be thinking about a kid? he's 29???
73 questions with Ed Sheeran or Bruno Mars. :3
i hate that this is scripted it doesn't seem natural.
OH I LOVE YOU ZAC!!!!!
I know its gonna be really hard but I wanna see 73 questions with Eminem.
'Wait! What time is it!'😹😸😝😭
What is the name of the song that plays at 1:45, and is the first song on the barbeque playlist?
They wrote in the music credits Portgual.The Man\nIS PORTUGAL, LIKE PORTUGAL, THE BEST COUNTRY IN WORLD
Very cool. Zac seems like a chill guy.
This whole time he was probably thinking GO away I've got things to be doing!
That was a reaaaally good impression of Seth Rogen lol.
Ask if he’s bi sexual!
He likes The Temper Trap 😍😍😍
Can’t believe he is almost 30 and looks like a 18 year old
Liza has more views then the actual 73 questions
What was the first dong on zac efrons bbq playlisy
Should do 73 question with Brendon Urie from Panic! At The Disco
I was waiting for him to ask “what team?” lmao
What's your go to karaoke song? When he didn't say Start of Something New... :(
What's the name of the 2nd song?
73 QUESTIONS WITH BTS, WHO'S WITH ME!????!!?
And I thought my impression of Seth Rogen was bad.. 😂
That man is fine as frog hair! 😍
Afro-Zac had me!! So did Zac-i-licious!!
That moment when you realize that he's wearing the pants he has on in the cutout😂😂
73 questions with zayn
CHANCE THE RAPPER
Sooooooo scripted and awkward
best
YASSSSS
HE GOT SO OLDDD !!!!!!!!!!!!
Damn that house!!
73 questions with Bill Skarsgård pleaseeeee
73 q's with Zendaya, Elaine W
he seems happy
Staged af
73 questions with COLE SPROUSE!😃
73 questions with Lady Gaga, please!
Sean Cody presents: Zac Efron
73 questions with Lady Gaga please!!
Oh Zac why you so beautiful 😍
Pretty cool View !
73 QUESTIONS WITH TOM HOLLAND PLEASEEEEEEE
why 73 ?
73 Questions with Liza Koshy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3:12 bad neighbors reference
73 Questions with Harry Styles
How boring
73 questions with Miley Cyrus please
He's fit ❤️😍
PATIENCE MAN!!
73 Questions with Shawn Mendes, please
73 questions with Vanessa Hudgens
My husband ❤️
Vanessa hudgens please..
OMFG ZACCCCC BABE😍😍😍😍
bae
Copy liza
Babe😍
what a beautiful man 😩😩😩🔥🔥🔥🔥 #GodBlessedHim
song list anybody?
He melts my heart, geez.
gorgeous as heck wowww<3
73 QUESTIONS WITH COLE SPROUSE😱
Do one with Nina Dobrev !
73 questions with Lana Parrilla
73 Q WITH DOLAN TWINS PLEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSE🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
zac efron should date alexandra daddario
HEY YO WUSSUP TROYYYY MY BOYYYYY
They should do Beyoncé one day 🙏🏽
he is SO CUTE
icon Loader for: 73 Questions With Zac Efron | Vogue https://youtu.be/In-IJA-bmh8
I'm calling it now, he's gay (or at least bi)
Awww, my cat was called Daisy before she died last year. If I ever have a little girl I want their name or middle name to be flower related as I was so close to her. X
Nova means young in Portuguese
Hey Gabbs, I'm from Austria (Innsbruck) and am so happy you love the country and culture! Sending lots of love from Austria to you and hope you have fun in Vienna! xx, Theresa
In my opinion Claudia and Monica are such horrible names in German 🙈
I am Izabella but my name has always been shortened to Bella :) I am not a fan of Izzy myself :D
OMG!!! I can´t believe you talked about my name, nobody EVER talks about my name, I live in Portugal and my name is not really common here... But I quite like it....I was really surprised when you mentioned it <3 thank you, love you GAB
I love a lot of these names but mine are \nCharlotte Lilly \nElizabeth- bf mum called that so I can't :(\nLove Jane Marrie \nRosie \nBoys \nI love\nJames\nHarry \nLuke Joshua \nMicah \nToby \nAdam - bf called that \nI'm so excited to have a baby although it will probably be a couple years
My name is Isabella and I get called Issie but that is because there is 4 other Isabella's in my year but so many people called me Isabelle and it gets me so pissed
This has a couple of my fav names - I've loved autumn since I was young
I know a beautiful little girl called Autumn with gingery auburn hair. If that makes your day :)
Loved seeing another video of this Gabbie. 😊❤
I've always liked the names James (after Paul McCartney), Martha and Olga for babies. But I prefer thinking of kitten names myself😂
Sky from mama mia is a babe 😍
Nothing wrong with the name issy, just saying...
Teddy is on my list too !
Lol I’m in the same class as Claudia Winkleman’s daughter so I always meet Claudia winkleman! ❤️
Full name Idea Nova daisy meaning New day
Is this her hint of saying she's pregnant?? 🤰
Are you still wanting to change your name? Xx
Your make up is goals!
I love the name Claudelle or Evie or Summer or Rosie or Lowen for girls (also love autumn too) for boys I love Charlie (and for a girl too) and James and Noah and Casey and Evan and Nico!!!
We have a horse named Nova! It's because she was born in November 😊 \nShe is so unique and gorgeous so I think it's become super perfect.
If you like bohdi but it’s not European enough. How about Brodie? That’s very similar. Love you 💜
I love your eyeshadow in this video 😊
What app is it that you use for your cover photos?? Just got myself an iPad Pro 😁
Summer will be her top 3
When you put the girls names in pink I was like, hmmm I wonder how much shit she would get if she put the boys names in blue! I don't want children, but if I did I'd only want boys lol: Finn, Rory & Elisha! You should have a look into Jewish/Hebrew names Gabs, there's some lovely names that I've never really come across.
In Ireland griffin is a second name 😂
i never comment but you look so beautiful and stylish !
Daisy is now on my list lol
When I heard Blair, I thought of two things. Tony Blair and The Blair Witch Project.\n\nSorry Gabby! 😂
I LOVE THE NAME VIENNA
When you pronounced Hudson, it sounded like Hoodson. I had to read the name on the screen. When you said shorten it to Hud, it sounds like Hood. I love accents. 🙂 Out of curiosity, how do the English pronounce hood? Is hud and hood pronounced the same?
I really like the names Essi and Autumn xx
my name is amber and my second name is Nova and my whole life I went by the name Nova and I've never heard anyone else with the name nova😊
You look gorgeous omg 😍
What eyeliner are you using in your waterline? & does it actually stay put and smudge proof all day? Ps love this look & vid!❤
I personally love the name Izzy but I know loads of people that call me Isobel because they don't like the shortened version 🤷🏻‍♀️
My name is Isabella 
My best friend is called Isabella no one ever calls her Bella or izzy because she hates being called anything but Isabella
I love the name Aprillll
Love you so much 💜 also I love Vienna, def putting that on my potential baby names list
Just for the record I've known about 4 people named Autumn and yes it is such a nice name!
My name was featured in this hahaha! Daisy is weird because it's kind of common but then again I don't actually know many other Daisy's. This is so funny as my dog is called Teddy Edward and I actually know a girl called Autumn with strawberry blonde hair! Such a coincidence. Love this video as always Gab and all of the names you have such a cool and different taste✨🌹
vienna is my #1 😭 a mum once called out to her gorgeous little daughter in the hairdresser saying “vienna” and i fell in love, it’s so beautiful
My nephews called Hudson and I definitely agree about it being American sounding but his brothers are called Lennon & Jaxon so they go well together
Sky is a beautifullll boys name but nobody has ever agreed with me😂 reminds me of mamma Mia aha
Oh my gosh Gabs you are glowing!! I want to come round to yours so you can do my makeup this beautiful haha ❤️
I love the boy name Clay 😊
Me and my cousin Isabella were able to choose my baby cousins name so we called her Gabriella Claudia! 💗
You remind me of poppy deyes so much 😮
Hi Gabbie I've got a great video idea for you I've snapped you it it's a pll tag and it's so fun and I'd love you to do it  it has so many questions that I'd love to know as Ik your a big pll fan like me xx ps Ly❤️❤️
I know someone called Autumn!!
Aww one of my best friends is called Liesel xxx
My sisters middle name is nova
Liesel sounds too much like weasel for me. But love all the other names you talked about! I too love the sound of music!
I have a niece named Izabella. We call her Bella
Also I hope this isn't too random, but I really think Desirae is such a nice name ^_^ xxxx
Love this video Gab!! At my work placement there is a girl called Autumn and she's so cute!! Loving the darker hair, it looks so good on you and it suits you so much, love you always!! Xx
Oh my god my childhood teddy was called Teddy Edward 😂😂😂
Love the names you love omg !! Sky is my favourite boy name, reminds me of Sophie’s fiancé in Mamma Mia the movie 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
My friends called autumn and her brother is called archer. Feel like you may have a similar asthetic to her mum 😁
Your hair looks so healthy and shinny, woah!! I'm thinking of dying it darker as well, love it😍 Out of all the names you said in the video, I love Blair, Nova, Daisy and Vienna, I would probably use Vienna too!
my parents let me name my cat when I was 8 and I named him tedward 😂
Ok so when you said Monica I thought that Isabella would be a good first name with Monica in the middle... Then you mentioned Isabella literally five seconds later 😱
Omggg I’m called Viana but it’s pronounced Vienna 💗 love you soo much
I’ve got a nephew called teddy xx
Not even pregnant but I know that I'm calling my first daughter Skye
Me and my brother both have four letter names because my parents didn't want us to have nicknames which hasn't worked 😂 Esme-Ezz and Toby-Tobs 😊
Hope your feeling better x
Love Autumn and Vienna ❤️ xx
I watch the sound of music with my nana, and we have bonded so much over that c
I absolutely adore the name Freddie for a girl 😍 my cousin has a friend called that and I think it's just gorgeous 😍😍
My surname is HUDSON!!!!!!!!x
nooo way!! i call my dog teddy edward x
My auntie is called Monica and her daughter is called Claudia 😘
I love the name Vienna but it's far too similar to my name❤️😭 ( Sienna)
i bloody love your dark hair! it suits you so much what the heck!!! love you xx
My name is Monika and I hated it almost all my life. Now Imm 29 and I actually quite like it. Maby because I feel this name is more unique in Scotland where I live than in Poland where I come from.
I'm called Kate, but I noticed how you said you can't shorten it, and for me that's true however every single teacher decides to call me Katie and It annoys me sooo much x love u gabby
Two things: 1. You look gorgeous here. You always look gorgeous obviously but I am loving the eye look & your hair length. 2. Great idea for a video!! I've always had a long list of baby names on my phone...I mean I've had one since college which was like 8 years ago 😂😂. Thought I was the only single girl with a list of baby names haha. Ok a couple of my favorites for a girl are Nora and Holland. For a boy I love Rafe and Mac.
Can you do this makeup look? It’s so so pretty You look THE BOMB
bloody love claudia winkleman omgg x
Love this!
Your eyebrows look amaaazzzinngg!! X
april
April
pls film this makeup look
How gorg is gabby tho 😘😍
Ayy thanks for the s/o
you look stunning!💜
Your hair looks so good, babes!! ❤️❤️❤️
I knw 5 autum's
YOUR SO GORGEOUS GABBY OH MY
wheres your jumper from?
CANT WAIT UNTIL 1 MILLION X
Hahaha, I called my little pug Nova :p
YOUR CAT IS CALLED JEREMY! OMG YAS QUEEN😻
wtf!!! u are not pregnant and you have no kids yet u have baby names.....girls are NUTS!
I've recently got a female sphynx kitten and I'm really struggling to name her, anyone got suggestions???
I specialize in making and showing how to lay wigs down to look natural. You shouldn’t have to pull any of your natural hair out while wearing Freedom wigs. And also make sure there is a elastic band sewn in so it for snug to the head. Lastly do two braids to the back of your head and pin them. And if you use stocking cap pull it back away from hairline so you don’t see it in the front. Hope this helps ladies. Also here is my video 😉 https://youtu.be/8BzfjSc1RNs
Pia looks like the sweetest girl 😍
This is hilarious 😂😂😂😂
Really helpful!!!! https://youtu.be/dNR6Aj9O_ks
Check that guys http://www.yves-rocher.fr/?shopId=AFF&chn=affiliation&src=zanox&cm_mmc=AFF-_-261391-_-625697-_-default&awc=6958_1506904726_0c051374bf652da67131f7122ef4b76f
you guys should collab more
😂😂😂😂 and they  1500 each
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDLCu-8DXsE
Want a wig now lol 😂💞
https://youtu.be/dNR6Aj9O_ks
LIKE BEFORE WATCH CLUB 😂❤️
Two of my faves 🙌
pia's makeup😍😍😍😍😍
Watch the Jackie Aina tutorial!
Yeaak
2 beautiful ladies ❤️❤️
Pia looks exactly like Angelina Jolie
12:46 😂. Oh nuh nah nah, yr fucked 😂😂😂😂 subscribed!!!!!! 😂😂😂😂
aw nah nah nah, you're fucked HAD ME DYING HAHAHAHA <3 this collab
You look like Kendall Jenner
Check out Blondielocks here on you tube.  She is the best at explaining wigs from what to buy, styling a wig and how to make it look less 'wiggy' looking!!
Pia's arms are ripped !!! I wish mine looked like that.
The struggle is real! :) I totally understand the confusion. I was clueless when I started wearing wigs years ago. I am still trying to master the lace game! :)
What do I do about that?\nYeah, see, idk... \nMMMMMMEEEEE giving advice
Gross waste of money. Why people support this company I'll never know.
It's better brown on pia
It takes practice just like everything else in life. I think you both look awesome and can master the wigs.
I love how you just casually got freedom couture wigs, I'd give an arm for one, losing all my hair :(
I cant believe they wasted 1500 dollars just to fuck it up.
Chloe check out this youtuber's tutorial on wig application\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDLCu-8DXsE
I've been married 16 years. I have a pretty good wife though we've had our problems. Here's why I don't recommend marriage for unmarried men now:\nFirst, the stakes are incredibly high. The risk of failure is too high, unacceptably high. The odds of finding a suitable partner who can and will actually be in it for the long haul are too low.\n\nSecond, marriage for a man means mostly taking on duties and obligations. The offer was sweetened because in exchange for his taking on those obligations, the prospective husband was traditionally promised one real, valuable benefit: Good, regular sex at reasonable intervals with a reasonably attractive women, all with a minimum of effort. But even that's not guaranteed now because many wives do not consider they have any obligation to have sex with their husbands and feel justified in withholding sex for the flimsiest of reasons or no reason at all. And besides, a man who wants sex in this time need not marry to get it. All he needs is either (1) minimal game competence; or (2) money for prostitutes.\n\nSo, if he can't even get some minimal guarantee of the one benefit he's supposed to get out of the deal, why should he even try to make the deal in the first place?\n\nSorry this betrays some of my Christian beliefs. I'm just stating realities on the ground.\n\nWhile women certainly do have feelings, and they sometimes use the word 'love' to describe it- It depends on how we define love.... is it a passionate moment of powerful feeling... or is it a lifetime of commitment and sacrifice?
Oh Chloe! Jackie Aina has a wonderful video on this: https://youtu.be/uDLCu-8DXsE
ur supposed to cut the lace around wig
Didn't know white women wore lacefront wigs
Omg chloe yours looking so goood 😍😍😍 love it soo much ❤️👑 #flawless 🙌🏽
loved this x
😝
Pia looks like jhene aiko here
chloe you are sooooooo pretty
Omggg you turn the wig inside out and put your own power foundation on the lace parts
wigs r disgusting
It is quite dissapointing how noticable the lace is on a freedom couture wig.  I was going to save up money for one but the mesh is very spaced out and seems thick, and for that expensive of a wig, you expect to look more natural and seamless. Ive bought 300 dollar wigs with better up close lace than that.  There are ways around it.  I would look up videos to try and cover the mesh.. some people use got2b glue on the inside of the cap and let it dry to cover it up.  Personally I am a silk top girl and if I dont like the lace on the wig that is touching my scalp I put the wig a bit father back to almost see my hairline and I color it with brown eyeshadow powder.  Hard to explain but it looks a lot more natural.   You should also put Freedom Couture in your title so more people can see it.  I know I am glad to have found your video before purchasing.  Thank you for the honest review.  Your wig is workable though so don't worry!
as a every day wig user this is a huge fail to me but it totally shows that just buying an expensive wig doesn't mean it will look bomb (which is a common mistake ) so thanks
Beautiful 🖤💜💛💕💖💔
To get rid of the spotty look you have to put powder foundation under the lace to help cancel out the dark lace roots. Try it next time, that should help. Also, you can cut the part around your ear to contour to the natural curve of your head. So don't be afraid to cut some lace and hair around your ears.
What does an Australian accent sound like to an English woman vice versa?
I'm so picky with wigs like I can't stand fake looking ones but the ones I want like these are too expensive
Hey Chloe look up freedom couture hair on YouTube she has heaps of tips and tricks! X
Chloe is so beautiful omg💓
You look like belle with the wig clipped back
can you please give it to me
Did anyone else get distracted by Pia's biceps?! GURL you are my inspo!!
You can get the same wigs on SassySecret.com for a 1/3 of the price
Chloeeeee you look like Kendall jennerrrrr
Girl just chop all that lace off!!! God I just wanted to jump thru the screen and help!😂 watch Nikita Draguns video on how she applies her wigs! It's bomb 🔥
I’m surprised no blow torch was brought out 😂
Chloe, If u hate them, I have alopecia and can only leave my house with a wig on. I will gladly take them off your hands 😬🙏🏻
hey everyone! I just wrote a simple blog post on how to eat organically to lose weight and stay healthy. Please support <3 \nhttps://thehealthynewyorker.wordpress.com/2017/09/30/delicious-organic-healthy-breakfast-ideas/
You guys are both beautiful!!!!
You guys need to join Wig Skaters group on Facebook. $1500 is way to much for a wig
You get your foundation then flip the wigs and place it on the lace. Braid you real hair to lay flat then use gots to be glued to keep the wig Down or you can sew the wig on
I'm a black woman and those wigs looks so natural but 1500 dollars might as well should of tried clip in extensions would of saved some money!!!
I'm a guy and even i found this funny to watch.
Pia looks like Nina dobrev at certain angles with that wig on!!!
As a straight male I watched this to learn for my girlfriend. That is all.
Those wigs are amazing, you guys just don't know how to put them on but it was really funny 😂😂 do more vids together! Maybe watch some black YouTubers, they know the best wig techniques
This was such a funny and fresh video! Thank you Chloe, nice meeting you Pia! By the way you look Really good with that dark colored wig. I suggest you also check Jackie Aina's video on how to install the wigs. Blessings from Mexico 🇲🇽
I totally understand your frustration!! esp with the sides!!! i have a wig that i never use because the lace on the sides is always showing.....and i can never manage to conceal the lace in front either? :(
Stick with the Jon Renau, and Raquel Welch wigs. The lace front in these wigs are very realistic, no cutting lace as it's already cut.\nGet hand tied as they're much better quality.
Hey, put a 1 shade lighter concealer in the wig scalp!
Sorry if it's a mess at work 😝
This is a travesty and money wasted. Way too much spent on wigs you not even wearing.
Use Bobby pins for the sides but other then that looks good keep on trying 😄
As a black woman who occasionally wears lace front wigs, I agree - when I watched tutorials as a beginner, I realized there are SO MANY STEPS MISSING!! And omg she really used double-sided tape lmbooo poor thing, I'm dying!! lol I recommend getting some wig glue or toupee tape instead of regular double-sided tape (which will shine through). Also, for people with fair skin the lace should be bleached, so it's transparent. The lace on these wigs was like, light brown/tan lol tooo visible for their skin tone... hope it works out better next time :)
Maybe if you learnt the proper application it would look more natural ❤️
Am I the only one that thinks that at some angels Pia looks like Jennifer Lawrence?
Yes I'm so happy, I love pia!!!!! :)
Chloe quick tip get some wig glue and glue the edges down, then you can use concealer (personal preference is face powder) along the part to hide the lace. Also you can trim them side bits to your liking ( be careful and take your time ) then glue them down 😘💖
She looks like the chick from Glee.  Santana.
The girl with the blonde hair looks like jhene aiko. The other one looks like Kendall Jenner.
There are so insanely amazing wigs out there! Look up Diniwigs online or insta!
you also have to put make underneath the lace in order to make it more like scalp jajaja its also called bleaching the knots or hiding the knotsss
From far away and on their Instagram account they made it look so easy and so pretty and natural af but in real life you can see everything
How you cut and apply a wig depends on what you’re wearing it for. For everyday kind of use, you just trim back the lace as close to the baby hairs as you can. You secure the wig down by having a wig cap on, and using bobby pins to secure it in place. Under the wig cap you can do multiple things. You can do a wrap, you can do pin curls, you can do anything that holds the hair flat and gives your natural hair some shape or texture for the pins you put through the wig to grip on to. For stage, you’d leave the lace long (with repeated use the lace gets shitty and you have to trim it back. Eventually you run out of lace and you have to get it replaced) and use adhesive to stick the lace down around the face. Never put adhesive in the hair because that just ruins it. Sometimes the wigs natural hairline doesn’t match your own so you just kind of have to fiddle with it and find a way to disguise any lace that stands out. You can use makeup to cover it too
ladies if you buy a wig that expensive you need to get one with bleached knots so you cant tell its lace.
You can sew the lace under so you don't have to cut it :)
Lol.. I bought a $1700 wig from freedom couture and didn't even get a wig cap with it. Beauty bloggers getting more treatment? Hm yeah
I ordered one and it didn't fit on my head!! It was so small and they told me it was a large! The company are really vague with details.
OMG I can't believe you paid that much without properly trimming the mesh!  You need a different tutorial ladies.
Makeup is on point Chloe!!! Tutorial pleaseeee ❤️❤️❤️
You didn’t put it on right but u did u just missed it a bit
I want the long wig!
To ware a wig you should shave you head smooth to ware a wig .Otherwise if got hair leave a loan.say no to wigs .
It actually looks terrible I think these are the worst wigs I've seen 😮
This was so entertaining 😂\nJust use clip extensions. Haha
It's cute that you guys don't know about wigs. Tip: please don't use that tape. It will pull your hairline out. Put the wig slightly behind your hairline and bobby pin the sides.
بحبك كتير وبعشق فديوهاتك im from syria
This is all wrong
I watched a couple of front lace wig videos and some of the ones I watched the people cut the lace off before they put on the wig and I think that would be much easier and you could get some of the side bit of mesh/lace.
What a ugly girl
I love how she didn't express the fact that she thinks they're alike in negative way. She ''praised'' both songs and didn't pit one woman against each other. I gotta admit I didn't expect that answer but I loved it. Way to go Fergie!
I love a three way 🤣🤣👏🏽🤦🏽‍♂️
FERGIE is unbothered I love her.
The song actually borrows from I'm Too Sexy.
Ok why andy feel the need to bring up Taylorswift in every interview?
nice way to dodge directly answering that question
I also love a threeway
If it was Taylor she would be sueing to the godss
Fergie is beautiful
Andy says, I love a 3-way. LMAO!!! I bet he does.
wow she looks so gorgeous
I love her!
So both songs are shite, gotcha.
Did anyone else freak out when she started singing? Such a pure voice! Love you Fergie!
As they used to say in the olden days Fergie's got CLASS.\nI said it right away about it sound like Fergie and the Black Eyed Peas
It amazes me how Taylor has so many people hooked on her with such mediocre vocals and basic songs.
First time I heard it I thought it was very Fergie!
Good god all these men looking to start drama between women is so disgusting. I'm glad she didn't feed into it and shut it down. Gay and straight men alike, always want to see women have at it and it's so odd.
I'm glad she didn't pin against Taylor Swift like the comments Fergie new album SOOOO FUCKING good YASSSS
They were probably written by the same person.
Most pop songs sound the same to make sure it speaks to the mass/mainstream and sell for millions
I really like how nice and positive she is. ALSO WHEN SHE STARTED SINGING? Slay!
Sounds nothing like Taylor's song. She just want attention and views lol
It's like those vines where the guy's like oh is it the part that goes OHWAOooHAaaWAAAAOHWAAH?
What a legend
Love how she stayed positive and tried her best to avoid a fued-starting question
U rly have to use Taylor Swift name to gain views?  Nvm, Taylor is unbothered.
Fergie is an amazing live singer
I noticed it too
THIS WAS THE FIRST THING I SAID WHEN I HEARD 'Look What You Made Me Do'
Yeeesss her voice is so lovely!! Sing it!
Don't they all have the same song writers lol
I also noticed the look what you made me do in both songs when I first listened to Just Like You. Love both songs!!
Not feeling taylors song at all!!!
i love a threeway
What! The chorus for Taylor's song had the best sampled from Too Sexy For My Shirt song, so I am confused why Fergie name is in the same mix.
I love it i love a threeway. I bet you do you creeper lmao
Fergie threw no shade I love her
They probably share the same songwriter that's why.
We all love 3 ways!
Yeah, they are both shit.
There are only so many combinations of music. Silly pricks trying to cause some drama.
That's a great answer to that question
Isn't she a mother of a child? Hmmmmm. Great goals!
Its true after hearing Taylor Swifts new song i thought she'd joined the Black Eyed Peas lol
Taylor must watch this
Nobody claps or whoops after she sung..burn!
Both shit
Why would she care that it sounds the same, the chorus of the new Taylor Swift song is shit, monotone, repetitive and boring and with that being the case it says a lot about the chorus of her song.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who thought that new Taylor swift song was meant for fergie
damn mama.
I love a threeway? I bet the only threeway he had was with his dog and his TV remote control
Ooh yeaah! Mushup! 😃 ...i think, the fuck NO 😤😒
lol xD nope
I thought the song sounded like Boom Boom Pow rather than My Humps.
Where is the love?......remember that deep song....what happened? Do they have charities helping others?
Well they both took it from right said Fred - I’m to sexy.
Omg yassss 😍😩❤️
You know what? Fair play to her! I dont like Fergie i never have (except for the first 2 Black Eyes Peas albums and even then i didnt exactly LIKE her) but ive got a lot of respect after seeing this! She easily could have gone in for an attack on Taylor and point out how she sues everyone she can think of for the most pathetic and minor of similarities (she tried trademarking 'haters gonna hate' ffs a saying older than her and she wants to own it) but nope she kept a cool head and proved shes a better person than me 😂
I love a threeway! Lmao Andy
They are both shite performers anyway.
Clever reply, classy lady.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dTZ5phVyvAw
👌 attitude. Classy lady!
Haha ......... Silance             😂
first time I heard Taylor's song I was like this is so fergie humps
Does anybody else cringe when people start singin like that?
So they're both shit artists ahhh I get you
Of course they sound the same. Their music is all written by the same guy.
Stop using Botox
I can’t stand her
I would suck the farts out of her baking bowl.
Taylor Swift is a tranny. I was shocked when I found out the truth.
Irrelevant
poor thug
Taylor is cancer
oh fergie you pig just shut your mouth and go back to the drawing board
Die of aids
Nobody knows what will happen tomorrow,may God guide you, don't give up willian,we love so much 💞💞💞!!!
World class player. Best RW in the PL
Esses muleks de frente de casa, eram Junior e Rodrigo kkk
Good video.
Snake. Agreed to join Spurs, then goes to Chelsea.
I was hoping that the interview would go more in depth with how william was signed by cheslea. Maybe there was some shady business going on in his sign deal or something more interesting.
🐍🐍🐍🐍
Joga facil👋
Subtitles is fucked up🙄🙄
❤❤❤❤
Willian, Abraços do brasil meu irmão! joga muitoooo! TMJ!
World class Willian
🐍🐍🐍
He really has improved. I remember his first season at Chelsea, he was pretty average. The season we finished 10th, he was the best player in the team. And under Conte, he has become more skillfull, direct and clinical.
i believe in you willian...im one of your biggest fan....you will reach you destiny in the highest part of your football career...and any team you play for i will support you...\nGod bless you brother
Old fashioned winger with some spice.
I think its time to leave Willian. You play like shit as of lately and take Fabregas with you.
She's perfect <3
I'm sorry but more people need to be talking about this. There are pop stars that get all the glory but there are real, under-rated underdogs like P!nk and Kelly Clarkson who are just FULL of talent but don't get the attention they deserve.
She's pure gold.
The studio version is brilliant but wow, this LIVE version is PHENOMENAL. Kelly is such an amazing vocalist. Her new album already deserves a big publicity, popularity and tons of Grammys
I have no words to describe the awesomeness of this performance. Kelly is the epitome of a TRUE artist. Not too many artists out there today who are as diversified or talented as Kelly is>>>
Kelly you look and sound beautiful as always! I forever fan since the beginning I will always cherish you! XO
Absolutely amazing. Can’t wait to hear the album.
Kelly believe me... you moved me like that!
SING SING SING KELLY! Shes so talented it is unbelievable!!!
FAVE SONG 😍
What an incredible performance in every way.  From the girl with the best voice in Pop music, to her unbelievably talented background singers, to her truly talented band.
Oh Kelly, the times we are in we don't deserve someone like you. My goodness though I'm grateful you're around. ❤❤❤
Her vocals are exactly like the original recorded song! WOW! GOOSEBUMPS
DAMN KELLY!!!   I LOVE THIS
I've loved her since idol. She is such a talented powerhouse and we get to be blessed by the great music. I'm always blown away when I hear her live because she sounds even better than the record. I can't wait for the new album!
Wow, simply wow this could be her defining song. Her hero or I will always love you she's up there with them.
The background singers are insane
Praise the Lord, she's herself now! Thank you, Atlantic Records...sort of...you guys are the ones who have actually lucked out!
This woman has an extraordinary voice. 👏👏👏🎶🎤🎵
My God...this is so beautiful. Sure moved me. I'm bawling.
Incredible! Amazing! Perfeita como sempre! Que voz!
Kelly has one of the better voices today.   Amazing.  Go Mrs Burleson!
She deserves so much more than she gets, Kelly is a beautiful soul that shows us what a true artist looks, sounds, and acts like. This is music!
Mmmm, the way u move me...
This is music.  This is artistry.  Absolutely superior.
this song makes me cry
This is one of my favorite things Kelly has ever done. This song, this video especially, always moves me and makes me so emotional.
I'M SO EXCITED FOR THE MEANING OF LIFE!!
Her  voice is amazing
The very 1st American Idol winner...\n🌺🔅🌺🔅🌺
Damn..... this was fantastic. :) love her cant wait to her the whole album.
Voice of an angel, a band like a newborn baby - sweet and adorable, and a song as beautiful as all of the others that has been recorded by kc ❤❤❤❤❤
ABSOLUTELY LOVE!!!!
Amazing live
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!
Freakin' Slaying! You can't sing you can SANG!!! <3 #Amazing #Beautiful #MoveYou #MeaningofLife #KellyClarkson
Truly amazing!!!!
WTF??  What do I just watch?  I didn't watch American Idol, I dismissed pop crap.  Who The F*ck are you Kelly for turning my world upside down with this performance
You move me like that every single time you sing! I'm 50 yrs old and watching that had my eyes watering that is how much you move me with your voice!!!!
QUEEN!👑
SLAYED 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
You are AMAZING
Why doesn't this have a million views already??
This is the kind of a song that should reign the charts. SO Beautiful. Bravo, Kelly! 😍
Please tell me u r going to release this!! Thk I listen to this, and The Today Show performance of this at least 10 Times!!  U look gorgeous!! Everybody looks great! Everyone sounds AMAZING! Beautiful video! ❤️👍🏼😍💙
Stunning as always!!  so so sexxy!
This song is amazing
This is a pretty great song for opening a show.
Now you're singing like a know you can.
Great \n\nSubscribe, watching & download mp3 On My Channel :-D\ngoo.gl/cICvOy
This song deserves a Grammy. Hoping the album is killer and she gets a few nominations for it in 2019 <3 <3 <3
This version is so much better than the studio one. That tells you the knd of artist Kelly is
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
Wish she did this on xfactor finale
11 really silly/stupid people out there. I mean, I respect different tastes in music, but disliking this song??? WTF?
Which imagery did you guys connect with the most? For me, the thrill of christmas morning.  I distinctly remember that childhood experience of waking up a little chilly and running downstairs while hearing x-mas music and seeing a glowing x-mas tree..plus the gifts of course.  As a child, it last a lifetime.
I couldn't love this more!!
The beauty in the the whole aspect of this song
Even with 50 CENT in tha house playing the drums, Kelly sounds amazing!
EPIC... Just Amazing. Without autotune, Live and Just better than the record...
Clicked *like* before i can even hear a second of the song. Duh.
Wow. What a performance. :'-)
Incredible...I have no other words.
The real deal ! Kelly is amazing
Please, come back to Brazil! \n\nO Brasil te ama 👏😍
Stunning.  I'm so buying this album
Ok, this song MUST be a single! Sooooo beautiful! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️\nI love you girl. Can't wait for your new album... *-*
Is she bare foot? Lmfaoo classic kelly, i love her sfm. Amazing song
Verdadeira , Maravilhosa , com certeza alguém que esta cumprindo uma missão muito especial aqui nesse mundo , memorável , amável , Mulher forte determinada , incrivel ... Não tem como não querer conhecer Kelly Clarkson ... Que honrra ainda em 2017 ouvir essa grande artista , apreciar essa obra de arte unica.
Pisa menos Kelly Maravilhosaaaa! BR
100x better then adele
My queen💕😻
Muito Linda
JESUS!!!
Peeps, rush i please  this resultdeepqy  specialize
WIG
I like it
nice
NEW  P!NK  - BEAUTIFUL TRAUMA ( single ) https://itunes.apple.com/nl/album/beautiful-trauma/id1269268686
Minha Kelly ta vivaaaaaaaaaaaa <3 Musica linda arf <3 <3 <3
Maravilhosa
há 1h ouvindo sem parar... s2
#KCBESTSONGEVER
YOURE THE BEST
Yes yes and yes
Beautiful
♡♡♡♡♡♡Luvs It♡♡♡♡♡♡!!!
Kelly *Argentina* te espera
Chills all over
Wwwww....wow
Most beautiful thing
Perfect as always! 😍😍😍
Después de piece by piece mi segunda más favorita
Awesome!
Wow...Just wow 😳
SLAY MY LIFE QUEEN !!! 😩😩😩👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽🔥🔥🔥🔥👸🏼
Amo q últimamente hagan los videos en sesiones d estudios! Se puede apreciar mas sus voces ❤❤
8 people gave this a thumbs down.  Really?  8 people?  Did these people confuse thumbs down for being freaking awesome?  This performance is amazing.  Definitely in the top 10 of her performances.  The production of this is just phenomenal.  How she doesn't win all of the Grammy's is beyond me.
just wondering; why she is not using her vevo account anymore?
I have a feeling this album will be my favorite right next to My December and Stronger. Well hell they're all my favorite lmao! 💯😍
Thanks for GRAYSON DOLAN 😍
Who's here from Grayson Dolan? 😂😂😂
Anyone else here because of Grayson Dolan🙋🏼
Came from Grayson's snapchat story
Anyone else here from Grayson Dolan's snap story?
Grayson dolan brought me here :)
Grayson brought me here✨😁
Came here by myself not by notifications
Kinda sounds like something Calvin Harris and Pharrell produced lol
Kinda sad how he made it and not futuristic. Should put him on a song to get him some exposure. They rhymed together for years.
Kyle the type of dude to end all war with his tooth😂\ni am sure he is not using *A U T H E N T I C VIEWS D O T C O M* to get views
i'm so glad the twins got me into kyle because i honestly really love his songs LIKE YES KEEP THEM VIBES COMING
Hes gonna be on the radio again in a few weeks for sure🔥🔥🔥
Even though this will probably be a hollister track, I still love it 😍
All 3 of the new songs are sooo good!
well Grayson has a really good taste in music
who's here not cos of grayson but cos of kyle??
Who else saw the early teasers on his insta?
My great music tastes brought me here! Been listening to Kyle since Beautiful Loser 💯
Grayson MF Dolan 😜
This should be a summer song
thank you grayson for introducing me to this song :) 💓
The best thing is 'la la la la la la la'
Grayson Dolan made me hear this song and its acutually really good❤❤
This is the best out of the three
Kyle the type of dude to walk outside on a stormy day an make everyone think its a sunny day
This was a collab that I didn’t even know I wanted
Can someone tell me his jacket in wait on me
If I see one more comment about Grayson Dolan on ANY one of Kyle's videos ima flip🤦🏾‍♀
Keep coming back to this one🔥🔥🔥
those 44 dislikers didn’t know how to just Smyle
This song is the best of the 3 he recently dropped who agrees
one second in and you already know this is a 12/10 bop
This song gives me some GREAT vibes. I love it
Came here cuz of Grayson Dolan!
Bc of the Dolan twins I love KYLE music😍
Thanks gray d ♥️
Grayson dolan's snapchat anyone?❤❤❤😘
lets get this guy more views am i right
Who else is here BC of Gray?
I need a feature ASAP
Who's here before 50k😉
he is so dope, never disappoints
Ay when you dropping a album bro
This shit bout to spread quicker than fire🙌🏼
Almost cried of joy lol. Another fire one.
Omg when it started it sounded like angels were singing in my room😂😂😂
This legend dropped 3 songs at once God bless
It's like heaven in my speakers!!! 😍😍😍😍
welcome back 80's in all your musically extroverted glory <3
Who is here because of Grayson Dolan? 🤗💙
I think some how Kyle figured out I’m on vacation rn 😂 (Florida btw)
This song better blow up 🔥
Grayson snapchat brought me here and im loving it!!!
https://soundcloud.com/tyje-king-872067018/flyguy
The next summertime jam
oumagá
GRAYSON
just reacted to these 3 songs !! show some love !!
Me: Kyle Is A Good Rapper\nFriend: Really?\nMe: Yeah
This is a bop😂
3 vids in a day bless this child
my song
💚💚💚💚
Yooooo lit song!!!!
Kyle music sounds repetitive now
Kyle Always happy :))))
Snapchat?
yesssss!!!!!
Fire
who's Grayson?!
I came for Miguel Lowkey😂😂💯💀
Yeah man! Miguel got that musicality
this somg makes me so happy
First nvm
aye
Fire 🔥🔥💯
Early
🔥🔥🔥😎
Love Kyle
Yes Kyle❤️
Love this
came here at 304 views !
this shit catchy af
Hell yeah new kyle!!
Fire!!
Yesssss Kyle fuck it up
13 hours Here before viral
☀️❤️
dafuq is miguel doin??? dafaq lalalalal
Drop the albummmmm.........
Miguel - La La La ft. KYLE aha
CERTIFIED BOP
Nice
My blessed ears😏
Here before this pops
Radio hit
Here before it blows it
Who came from grayson's snapchat story ? 😂
who else came from grays snap
i will miss the old type of songs
My favourite song of u EDEN has always been xo and it was that song that made me listen to u, but... I think I just got a new favourite.
Hi. Ily. Love me? No? Ok, still love you. Bye.
IF EDEN AND BLACKBEAR, OR EDEN AND JEREMY ZUCKER  COLLAB I WILL SCREAM
i ,, hope he's okay, 'cause goddamn, this song almost reads like a suicide note. hope it's just in my head
Somewhere between 50 and 65k views a day man,  I can't wait for a new project from you
cunt\n\n\n1    :someone who doesn't like EDEN's songs\n2    :someone who doesn't think EDEN is amazing\n3    :ESPECIALLY someone who hates EDEN\n4    :a really annoying person... who doesn't like EDEN
I'm crying. Thank you for this gift Eden.\n\n\n\n\n\nThank you
I know the good old days that The Eden Project changed his name to EDEN like we all know him for. We were scared that EDEN will change his music style, atleast that's what he said. I was afraid, but also hyped cus eden = eden. Thank god he still makes this kind of music, actually he only does this type of music. And I am grateful, thankful for that. EDEN always knows how to impress us. He'll be huge one day, people will find his music really soon. So damn good, so so so damn good. So good.
feeling nostalgic as hell and this song made me wanna go climb on my roof in the early morning or go on a hike with my friends
i swear he's so perfect
When are we gonna get a new album!?!
This man is the love of my life dude.  his music gives the feels.
may i just say, jon is gorgeous
I've noticed a certain beautiful thing about the ending which might or might not have been deliberate. There is a certain bird in the sky which keeps on circling around his head while he is waking into the ocean, and the moment the bird goes out of the screen... the song ends. Like....wow.
I'm waiting for this man to be on the radio.
damn jon I thought you were dead
Been here for a while and im proud
His dancing always kills me. It's adorable. Love this song and video ♥️
[Verse 1]\nYou try to kill it but it won't stop bleeding\nTry to forget it but it won't stop killing you\nYou're running out of time\nYeah, you know you can't go back\nIt's too late\nTo say it's too late\nYou can't take back that you said nothing\nHow could you do nothing?\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nIs this burning right?\nAm I living bridges?\nCan we build our past right?\nLearning through future solecism\n\n[Chorus 1]\nIt's played out (I've missed times)\nI've moved on (been disconnected)\nGet fucked up (I stressed time)\nMy new draw (forgetting timing)\nAnd it's not right (and I need you to talk me down)\nYou're dead wrong\nWhat are we doing? ('cause I feel like I need to crash)\nLet's go home\nThere's no hope\nIt's all wrong
EDEN Brazil loves you! and me too
these lyrics fuckin hurt a lot 💔 I'm just speechless..
waiting for wake up video
Let's get that 6 figures up in here
Makes me ask so many questions about my past. Feels nice...
I've waited so long for a new song, and I'm glad I did. Cos it's great, i can't even find a good word for it. I just love listening to this song again and again. In the car, when I'm going to bed... Thanks again for this new release Eden ❤
best listn @ 2x sped
YES YES YES
I love it. Like I love every song he makes.
hi
OMGGGGG EDEN I LOVE U <33333333
2:15 shieeet old eden is back fuckk meee💚
every eden song makes feel like I'm don't even know what love is
Your voice is amazing !!!!!
Something about this music video felt so real, I was mesmerized.
I have waited so long
Ur voice 💙💙💙💙😭😭😭😭😭
Hey EDEN I'm a huge fan and I was wondering if I could rock+roll or circles in my monthly montage for my overwatch gameplay that I'm gonna launch tomorrow so I'm just checking now If it's ok and I love this song it was worth the wait 😀😀😀
Who's cutting onions in here?
why am i crying in class
The beginning is Vertigo I believe. That is pretty cool.
please stay our little secret
143 people obviously have never herd good music before🤷🏻‍♀️
I love all EDEN songs because they're so real and raw with emotion but literally this song with the video made me cry like a little kid. This is fucking next level shit. Beautiful.
Please put everything you've ever done on itunes so I can give you my all money!
You dont even know how much i relate to this, it calmed me so so much
1.42 💝 this whole song is a miracle. so is EDEN. thank you for changing my life.
There is something bad about this song....it ends....
I always love eden song I only know everything he talks about it the stuff I'm going though and he inspires me to write my own song that are as good as he's I song one of my song 4 my mom so she knows I'm the same person as I was lil
I listened to this song for 2 hours straight and it still wasn't enough, I can't explain to you the feeling this gives me.
I loved  it  sm  💙💙💙 nd the music  video  is just  sensational i found  the  whole  song  amazing  bless  u jonathan  u really  know  how  to  be  you  a different  individual beautiful  human being 🌸🌼🌸💙
The best part about Jon's music videos is he features aesthetic sky and beauty of nature instead of girls jumping around in bikini. Such a gorgeous song and video
I  wish I could give you more than a like! your songs are AMAZING. Honestly please never stop this
Your my idol\n\n\n\n\n\n\nP.s you kinda look like an older version of my brother
It's funny because the day before I looked to see if he released anything new or when he last released it, and then I saw this one and lost my shit
Hey Eden, great song! You are one of my favourite artists, I hope I will see you live one day. The song just kick ass'es, I listen to that song to get into flowstate before I start to grind. Keep up that great work.  BR
this is such a beautiful film, the song is pretty good too xD
What camera is used? It’s great for filming
How can you NOT love this???
At first, I didn't like this song that much. I really like EDEN and I was like... maybe it is just me. But every single time I listen to it, I like it a little more. It has come to the point I like it as much as Rock + Roll
I need you singing in Brazil!
mineblow..
<3
This is moving
We need a blackbear & EDEN or a phobe ryan & EDEN collab
fuckin perfect
lol 209k subs rn
fucking masterpiece
HYPE
his songs are dope !!
amnesia pls :(
Project VIBES <3
Wow Amazing video :O EDEN
MARRY ME ALREADY ):
marry me
<3
start making clothes please <3
This song is relaxing 💜
NICEEEEEE MAAN!!!!!!
Beautiful, as always <3
Piece of art <3
EDEN!!!!
I almost cried wtf-
God I love EDEN ❤️
OMFG
yes
lyrics?
<3
thanks!! rosie ashley, michael marren, tim kellner, adrian bliss, evan holland, ato alexander
Omg i'm cuming
love <3
Someone call melon
holy shit new song
ur so hot
I cried for the first time since my breakup today and it was because of this song. It's been almost a month
he's actually like actually singing in his videos, amazing.
Jonathon is the only artist I can listen to all day on repeat. I just want to say thank you. Your sound has helped my friends and I get past the rough patches in our lives. It has also helped one of my friends pursue he dreams in music. No other artist can or will ever do what your sound does for us. That You EDEN
As all of your other songs, I: A; will become obsessed and listen to it daily, or b; at first I dont like them than I morph into letter A😂. Really good shit keep it up
I would turn Gay for this guy Legit ... <3
gay af Nizzel nut crog ass
Lexa would probably be so turned on by this music video...
Omg i just had eargasms.😍
If you miss me say you do do do do do do do do do my favorite part
Can't wait for the music vid
*I love this song, the lyrics are relatable and FLETCHER sounds really good, honestly this song is better than most of the songs on billboard hot 100. THIS IS A BOP AND I WANT TO SEE IT ON THE BILLBOARD HOT 100!*
Can Fletcher and Ally Hills collab please
Am I the only one that gets a HUGE Shannon/Cammie breakup vibe from this song?
What one person disliked this??!? Reveal yourself!
YASSS!!! FOUND A GREAT Song
Can't wait for the videoooo
My new favorite song ❤❤❤
im so fucken in love with this song 😭😭❤
THIS IS AMAZING IM SO PROUD OF YOU CARI
Yes fletcher!! This is amazing you're killing it !! I love it 💙
Woah 5 dislikes and 3k likes,not bad for someone thats talented
🇧🇷❤
love you Fletcher!!! keep making good songs.. keep it up!! yay 😁🙌
idk how this song hasnt gotten millions of views yet, holy shit i love it
I fucking loved it from the first time. Cari you're impossibly possibly incredibly AMAZING
This is beautiful. Glad to know that meaningful music still exists. THIS IS TO THOSE WHO THINK MUSIC ISN'T AS GOOD ANYMORE. TAKE THAT.
This is incredible Fletcher's voice is so perfect I love her so much!!!!
HONESTLY CARI.. I just  wanna thank you for writing such a beautiful, honest and open song! 💕🌈 Much love from the Netherlands 🇳🇱😘
WOHOO!I'M SHOOK\nTHIS IS SOOO GOOD!🤘👌👏
I really love all of ur songs,swear dwnloadd those tracks
YESSSS GIRL I LOVE YOUR VOICE ♥
I really love the song 💖
i love fletcher. that's it.
uh okay i love this song
Aww , I really love all your song., I hope you could make more song's., ;)
this is the best one I've heard by Fletcher so far keep it up Cari!
This song is so related to me ☹️
that do do got me thinking of baby shark doo doo doo OKAY BYE
Production on point! Girl's killing it 😩👌
What??? Shes 23 and shes this awesome?? How much more....... i love you so much fletcher keep ur fire burnin!😍😍😍
This song is absolutely perfect and i cannot stop listening to it
Great song! I love it 😍
It's really cool and lovely 😊
no candles were harmed in the making of this video
Brasil here listen you!!! 💜 💜 😻  girl, never don't stop your music 🎶 .
THIS IS SO GOODDD !! I CAN’T EVEN 😩😩👌🏽👌🏽
Someone should hook me up with some guitar tabs to match the vocal track. (Hope that makes sense)  I'm new at playing and can't play by ear yet so making my own tabs is a little difficult. Especially for something without traditional guitar.
I'm in love🙌🏼❤️💯
I'm insaneeeeeee! OMGG! THAT'S AMAZING, AS ALWAYS .
Amazing! I'm in love. So much emotion in one song ❤❤❤❤ Fletcher killing it as always!
the fact that this was posted on my birthday is awesome. Best birthday present ever!
FOR ALMOST EVER SINCE I HEARD IT WOW
Absolutely lost for words 🙊 This song is completely awe inspiring, congratulations Cari 🙌
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH ALREADY
Her voice is beautiful!! 💕💜💜
Yesss this song is fire and on my birthday yess!!!
OMG!!!! You are the best singer i have ever heard. ❤️❤️😘
tbh I can't wait for the full album 😍
Hello fletcher, i love your music so so much...\nWith love from Indonesia 💋
she has the VOICE xx
WTF I JUST CAME HOME TO THIS.  I NEED MY WIG BACK
This isnt my type of music but holy shit and same goes to Wasted Youth 😍 and what really gets me is “cuz to fuck it up takes two. Yeah that shit i did, yeah, you did too”
Had me shook, love your voice it's just so free and beautiful, you deserve more attention, your voice is better than most people and you tell a story, loved it like always
This will be on repeat for a while😍
We want the Music video ASAP !!!!#please 😊
sooooo good
Addicted
I'm living
QUEEN
So so so good
so amazing <3
MY WEAVE HAS OFFICIALLY BEEN SNATCHED BITCH
It,s good
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK I LOVE YOU CARI AAAAAAAAAAAA
OMGGG THIS IS AMAZING~~
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Legit af!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Finally
omg.❤❤❤❤❤❤
😁✌️👏 Fletcher ❤️❤️👏🤗\nLove IT ✌️💙
💙
YES BITCH, YEEESSSS
💙💙💙💙💙💙
😍😍😍
OMG.So goooodd💙❤💚💜💛
Yes queen!😍
👏❤
suchhhh a baeeeee, this ones amazing!!!
omg <3
Brilliantly done !!
Me ches encanta wey
Qualcuno conosce la traduzione?!
Any one in LA down to come with me to see her October 14. I got two tickets and my friends are to fucking lame and don't want  to come with me 🙄😩
HOW COME THIS HAS ONLY 14K VIEWS??? IT DESERVES MORE VIEWS.
This is now my favorite song now 😍😍🤗
This is dope🔥 I'm in love with this song
love this song i'm from malaysia
Can soneone PLEASEEE help me @ 00:26 it reminds me of another song by a girl but i can't pinpoint it. I think the lyrics go something like and if you feel you can not stayyy or if you choose to walk awaayy i have no idea i have the tune in my head OMGGGGG
Banger...
Pls make an awesome music vid for this
damn this is good
This is sooooo good omg 😻😻
Relatable
This is my fucking anthem
CRAP
This is an island. Surrounded by water. Big water. Ocean water.\n-the leader of the free world
This is an island, surrounded by water\n\nJust in case you confused it with an island not surrounded by water.
Thank you, Mr Trump, for explaining to the world what the definition of an island is.
Who talks like that a 3 year old?
Dark, dark times. From Obama to this? Incredible, yet there he is!
There is also fish in the water. Big fish. Fish that swim type of fish. Fish.
Can a fucking meteor just end us already...
this is the idiot with the nuclear codes
Puerto Rico is not just surrounded by water--it's surrounded by bigly water!
No more !!! Please !!! Make it stop !!!
This shit can't be happening! WHY????
This is a dumbass surrounded by aholes, big aholes, big jerkoffs
He is an embarrassment to the American people. And a dangerous man to the world
I heard this on the radio and thought it was a joke, but WOW like that is what an island is,  An island or isle is any piece of sub-continental land that is surrounded by water.  define it for me you 3rd grader...
An island surrounded by water  no fucking shit Sherlock I bet there were major face palms back stage
Painful to listen to and to watch. No need to go into the words he's saying. That's self explanatory. But someone also needs to just put one teleprompter in the front. Trump looks like a fool reading when they're at the sides. He doesn't have the skill to make it look natural.
its an island surrounded by water , big water , ocean water
Unbelievable; what moron.
This tops people die when they are killed.\nThanks Trump, thanks.
The use of 'totally', TWICE in less than 2 minutes. It burns my ears!!!
Trump can barely speak coherent English. This isn't having a New York accent, this is ridiculous.
I thought puerto rico was surrounded by dasani water, boy was I mistaken
We are bringing in trucks. Big trucks. Full of gas. On tires.
Brawndo's got what plants crave. It's got electrolytes.
What an absolute, blithering FOOL!!  How much longer must we endure this disgusting disgrace?
New meme?
Heard smarter responses from beauty pageants
Water is wet, really wet, and blue
Anyone that voted for trump is responsible for this idiot . You are going to hell for being a racist.
We paid for this Dumbass to fly to Puerto Rico to give this speech! I want my money back!
Funny how there are no trolls in this comment section. This shit is so crazy that even the trolls are sitting this one out lol.
He has 2 explain its a island because most americans are dumb as fuck and dont know
Where are the Trumptards
What a complete FUCKING IDIOT!!!!
What an idot....surrounded by no intelligence....little intelligence....big stupidity ~~~
So all the dark times you pansies are talking about happened in the months that Trump has been in office? It couldn't have come from the 8 years of batshit crazy policies by Dems and Obama? Hmmmm
Ok I see we have a very smart president, island with big water  we are truly fucked and everyone supporting him probably think just like him dam dam dam I know homeless people speak better than this and he the president dam
Puerto Rico (7.8) -IGN too much water, big water, ocean water.
Puerto Rico is an island surrounded by water big water ocean water 😂 what a idiot he couldn't even articulate himself verbally.
This American were saying weeks ago Yankee go , Now they are saying help us.
The 🤡 said what? Mental. Incapable.
Obama would have had aid to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands 8 days ago.😏
He's a nobfaced arse twat ! Waste of seamon and a utter utter bastard!
I get exhausted just listening to this fuckn idiot
I'm surprised he didn't say, Surrounded by wet water. Nothing is too insane for Trump.
This dude acts like a 4th grade kid who is doing a book report who does not have his notes
Lmao water so much water 😭😂
I don't even call this FOOL my President. The guy never makes any since when he does a speech. Got damn it.. Can he just hire a Writer that will make it easier for him to say something smart?  He always exaggerate . We never seen a situation like this  Really?  WTF is wrong with him?  lol
This incredible amount of education and knowledge is truly refreshing. GOOD JOB! Incredible! Each and every six-year-old will be proud of you. Make islands wet again! Repeal and replace the tides! Drain the irritating oceans! :-)
US intelligence steals electric cables and sends them to Florida
Wow just wow. George W Bush was more intelligent.
It just 1,033 miles from Florida to Puerto Rico.
I don't know  if should laugh, cry, get mad or...????  He's Donald trump people
I think this sums it all up. And I mean all of it.
Just painful to watch.....PR is surrounded by big water says POTUS 45th. Disgraceful!
So this is what a high IQ sounds like? Fuck, I hope I don't have one.
Dump actually does the impossible -  makes Bush 2 look like a Rhodes Scholar.
Americans better pray and hope that Donald Trump is only pretending to be stupid. The point of no return is when Trump starts believing in the things he is saying.
Somebody tell Fish Lips to sit down and shut the hell up.
Im going to go freeze myself for 4 years. Wake me up when we have a new president.
Fucking idiot. Just read from the fucking teleprompter and stop improvising.
What a complete demented (literally) fool.  Are you embarrassed yet??  Just stick to the teleprompter, I doubt it SAID THAT.
OBAMA HAD CLASS AS A PRESIDENT. BUT NOT EVERONE CAN BE AS NOBLE AS A BLACKMAN. some people are simple minded moron racist pigs sort of like police in amerikkka. This dreadful bloody history of this Cuntry that was built by Slaves For Free and now there made I wanna rest and take a Knee.
lol he made it clear to us that the island is not attached to the mainland
I’m not sure whether or not to like or dislike this video 😂
Trump is Puerto Rico's Killer. BOOGIE MAN.
only if they are white and his voters like tx and fl.
The usa in 2017 is surrounded by trump redneck supporters bigger ignorance and wider americas foolishness
that chin vagina is getting worse
This fucktard inspires me that I can achieve anything!
Without food or water, people die. Not alive anymore. Forever.\n\nDon't make absurd excuses. Help them live and not die. Oh and thanks. I would not have understood what island meant without your articulate explanation. *rolls eyes*
oh my fuckin god   what a fuckin  RETARD!!! AND EVRYONE THAT VOTED FOR HIM.....BIG RETARDS..AN ISLAND WITH BROWN PEOPLE ON IT...YOU MOTHER FUCKIN BIGOT!!!!! COME ON AMERICA LETS PITCH IN AND HELP PEURTO RICO OURSELVES!!! go to Ricky Martins YourCaring website....just a dollar each of us.....people are fuckin dying and Trump dont even care!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I swear to God in heaven this is the dumbest human being ever!
What an embarrassment Trainwreck Trump is to our country. I'm only glad my kids are too young to know.
Trumps speech on the situation is loaded with condescending signals. He repeatedly states how totally useless the Puerto Rican government is and kind of says we have to do everything for them not in a good way but as if he is complaining. It's terrible how rascist this official is. He can't even mask his internal rascism and emotions on the issue for a simple speech.
Someone needs to make a YouTube poop out of this.
Island Water! My vocabulary is improve ALL DAYS. Thanks you Premier Troomp!
Captain obvious john madden jr
lmao
ESTUPIDO PRESIDENTE...
F-tard
What a dumbass.
ｂｉｇ　ｗａｔｅｒ
Hehe oh right
aahhhhh ha haahahahhah lol ... 8 yrs of Obama traitor, now you get your 8 years ! looooooove TTTTRUmps Haaaate.. remember! : D
gotta love trump
Jesus he's a dumb fuck!!  Elitist, pompous, racist bastard.
LOL xD
Dear DOTARD Drumpf! New Orleans!
Basket case.
If you take out the duplicated phrases, this clip is 10 seconds MAX. However, the dictionary description of what an island is can be very helpful to all the 5 year olds out there. I never thought I'd say this, but I miss DubbaYaa's press conferences more and more every day!
He's a big dumb buffoon, isn't he folks? Save your breath. It must get tiring constantly defending this orange idiot...
President Trump needs to explain what an island is so libtards will understand, .... and yet libtards still don't get it.
Does anyone even care he wants to help the port of gold? I get its funny, but chill out guys. He's done great things so far.
Fake news nobody not that stupid in real life lol
Seriously people!. You must know by now that Trump speaks to his voters, and it is clear to him that he must explain that an island is surrounded by water but not by any water but ocean water.
But Puerto Ricans sucked US balls to be US State
Donald Trump has a lot of money. I guess that disproves the old adage that a fool and his money are soon parted.
Soo, it's a peninsula? - Trump Supporter
Is it just me, or is everybody plugging their ears for the first few sentences. You people seem to have become animals as of late.  Specifically, sheep . And when you keep ignorantly focussing on these petty topics (Listen to how he speaks blah blah blah What an idiot etc etc) You are just creating more hate and division in your country when really, He is actually doing a fair job at being your President ( I am Canadian). It's a real shame to see and I fear that it is this which will be the ultimate demise of your country,  and not your current President.  I used to be Anti-Trump, until I stopped looking at what the fast growing masses were reporting on, and then actually did some research myself. You know when people are trying to convince you of something? But then they seem to be trying to convince you so hard, so very badly that you start to wonder Why do you want me to believe this so creepily bad? At all costs? To the point where they are twisting facts, and even making up stories to convince people of their views. There is a very strong smell of desperation in the air. And that was a bad tell for me. I am not saying Trump is perfect. But he is NOT what he is being made out to be by Mainstream news, Hollywood, and the elite. The Emmys were just a bunch of celebrities patting themselves on the back and then circle jerking over Trump jokes the whole night. That is not political discourse. Thats not calmly and amicably solving issues. Thats Grade school stuff. The O'Doyle Rules mentality.
You should be so proud of how extremely talented you are!! So happy I found your channel. 🤗
I really don't mean to be rude or invading, but just curious is John identified as male or female? :)
How old are you?
Would you ever do a questions and answers video?
This is so brilliant! I would also want to mention that I noticed you're the only youtuber i've watched a 20 minute video from and never became bored. I also love that you keep on talking and describe everything you are doing at the moment. You are great. Thank you for the wonderful content!
Yes. Better thumbnail this time.
I don’t know why I am scared when I watch him
Just gonna put some of this blue here, I love it here..... Oh i will also put it here.... STUFF IT ILL PUT IT EVERYWHERE!! amazing look John :)
looks fantastic! I really enjoyed watching you create it too.
You would be my favorite writer if you ever wrote a book.
I have to say it...I love your work, John, but the first time I saw your video I was shocked and thought at first you're kind of creepy. That's just because you are so different, so refreshing and you have something special in yourself. And you make me feel addicted to watching you, I don't know why. The more I watch you, the more I'm fascinated about your personality, as if you were an old soul like me. I also absolutely love the tone of your voice, as well as the vocabulary. I will be supporting you forever.
Welp now I have to get my entire body tattooed blue...
love your videos, they're so pleasant to watch ❤️
Your voice is so soothing and you are so engaging and so lovely! Also you explain in such extensive detail. I also enjoy your vocabulary and witty humor. Thank you for this video! It has definitely given me some ideas!
He is so beautiful! I love his blue eyes! <3
If victimhood is a fashionable trend and trends for the anxious, are all anxious people victims?   Thank you for great content!
you just gave me what i didn't know i needed 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Jefferee star wishes he was you.
Could You please make a video about Your favorite books :)
You will never understand how thrilled I am to have discovered your channel!!
I absolutely adore your videos and I admire the type of content you create because it is more sophisticated than most other videos in the beauty community. Additionally your amazing language is not only enjoyable but enables me to study for my English exam while watching makeup tutorials. Thank you for that.
This was fantastic. Loved it.
I LOVE your content and enjoy watching so so much. You have such a different style compared to other makeup YouTubers that is so refreshing. 💙
Have you thought about doing lip swatches ? I never find people pale enough on ytube to assess how a lipcolour is going to translate on my skintone\nI know these are not the most excititing videos to film, probably, but I figured I'd ask anyway
I love the way you talk\nI love your looks\n....I love you....\nPlease let's get married and have tea everyday ❤️
Your are so, so talented John. Incredible! 💋
Do an Elizabethan look next time, it would be sooo refined!!
Love it , I would totally wear it to work, reminds me so much of Peter Burns
You bought me BACK to life! I thought I was living....but I was existing!
You are quite an artist! What an amazing look. I'd love to see more looks like this, especially since Halloween is coming up. Amazing video!
You are incredibly quotable, and it is absurd in the loveliest manner possible!
I could listen to a audio of your voice without any video and be completely content and happy but the work you did is amazing!!! Idk which side I liked the most.
This is so amazing!
How do you learn to talk like this?? Seriously someone link me a video I MUST adopt this accent it is everything
That’s ART in its purest form . I admire your sophistication . A rare commodity now a days .
I like John, but I hate this character he’s made. Look at his first video to now, this accent is so fake and not necessary
I seriously cannot stop watching your videos. I've never come across someone so skilled at the art of makeup.
I'd love to see Tron and 1980s futurism  inspiration.. Much love
I wish I was able to give your videos a thousand thumbs up. You are, without a doubt, my favorite person on YouTube as of late. 🤗🤗🤗
There are simple makeup artists...and then there are artists who happen to choose makeup for their medium. You are the latter. Positively stunning!
You're a beautiful soul🖤💙
Oh my God, your channel is growing! I'm so excited for you!
I feel like you're staring into my soul and judging all of my life decisions. Your eyes are such a piercing, icy blue, and you rarely blink. I adore your videos regardless.
That looks is GORGEOUS!!! I love the contrast between the made-up side and the more organic side. I also adore how you teach how to play with the light in our day to day makeup while showing it in this editorial look!! Wonderful!!
5:19 ...victim, which is very fashionable to be, nowadays. Oh my word you are a killer hahahaha.
This isn't makeup this is art
Hey john I love your YouTube channel and I think that you have awesome makeup videos. There super helpful for me when it comes to putting on my makeup everyday. I was wonder if u would ever be interested in doing like a mukbang eating show or an asmr show? Love you xoxo
More weird looks! This totally made me want to be an alien for Halloween. 😍😍😍
Would anyone eles love to hear him say yassss slayyy queen just me? Ok
Why don't you have more subscribers, you are perfect!
Your voice and accent is so stunning
I'm really not a fan of them. I think they're slightly rancid. I'm cackling with wild abandon here! :'D
5:18 victim which is very in fashion to be in nowadays 😂😂😂
This is gorgeous!! I would just add some bright contact lenses!
“Now I’m going to begin sculpting the face with Illamasquas powder eyeshadow in te shade ‘Victim’... which is very fashionable to be nowadays”\n\nThat shade doe.
I am in love with how sophisticated you speak and your voice, makeup and everything!!
Can you please list products used in your description box in future videos? Please and thank you
All of her videos feels like a master class not just a tutorial.
New Subbie. You're accent is very regal and stunning. You have me hanging on hour every word!
Listening to you talk and create is my therapy
I look forward to watching your videos. You are teaching me so many things, makeup and vocabulary
Incredible look by an amazingly talented artist. More avant garde creations please! Much love :}
I love how the Krylon looks. I would love to see you do a Krylon pale skin foundation video.
If I attempted this look I'd look like a mauled Smurf. You are very skilled and it's a pleasure to watch!
This is indeed quite chic
when i apply gel liner in the waterline, i take the end of a brush and dip it in the liner, it irritates my eye less
You're simply a breath of fresh air. I'm upset over the immense amount of time I've wasted on less-than-brilliant channels these past few years.
I love seeing you opening up more to us <3
Those people who dislike this are complete buttocks.
how i did my makeup in high school john i’m waiting
You have an artist's eye! I'm a graphic designer and I'm really enjoying how you use color, gradient and lighting in a way that compliments the curvature of facial features. I always know when I have a great design when I can't stop looking at it. I feel like you've accomplished that feeling with this tutorial. I would really enjoy it if you shared more of these editorial and artistic looks with us. They are very amazing and show us the power of makeup in a way that isn't being portrayed on YouTube.
Well I died and went to creative makeup heaven
he soinds so enthused to be doing this look, its lovelt to see him so happy and passionate
This is magic! You're brilliant!
Victim, which is fashionable to be lately Fantastic! I love that you have such wonderful little lines within your videos!
You're the bob ross of makeup 😊
19:34 - 19:58 me in the mirror every morning
Why does he remind me of morticia?
This is almost reminiscent of the cubism art style! Love it!!
I've often been dissapointed at the lack of vocabulary of some other MUAs on youtube, but this is almost the complete opposite, far more in depth & more explanatory.
Super gorgeous!
Anwen sent me!
PLEASE DO MORE ELABORATE/UNUSUAL LOOKS
Amazing !!,
fantastico!!
So beautifully scientific! Amazing! X
Stunning
Ugh that cut crease is life!
WOW.
I adore your voice ohmygosh
Vampy vibes loving it
19:48 my favorite thing
I'm stunned 😍👌
His smile makes me smile
Gorgeous!
What a fruit.
Reminds me of Mystique
i love you ❤❤❤
I love this.  The black side (with the blue highlights) would make an excellent base for a galaxy inspired design - replete with comets, stars and nebulae.  Thank you for all your excellent videos!!
Not hating, but he sounds like the tour guide from Spongebob when they went to Atlantis
Ich bin zwar eingefleischter ❤️Bayern❤️ Fan aber das Ritual und Video ist echt Mega... ist mir auch noch nie aufgefallen und macht Bürki gleich viel sympathischer. Daher gerne ein Daumen hoch für Bürki und das Video... 👍🏼 Geil auch, wie Spieler und Schiris ihm dem Ball teilweise schon völlig selbstverständlich zukommen lassen, nach dem Motto. Gebt ihm den Ball...⚽️
He just wants to get some camera time...BVB really should look into upgrading in his position though.
Mais pra q q ele faz isso? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
HAHA!
Name of the song, please?
Don't put funny in the title
next time for referee, just give the ball to him instead he get the ball by himself xD
It is a mental game, he is getting in the head of the other team
Ist mir noch nie aufgefallen 😂😂
Awwww
Pretty adorable
كيوووت ياناسو
YOU STUPID TWAT
Song name?
26Year  old
Alguem PT
Das macht neuer auch pfffff
yea that's weird
What fucking retard. smfh
00:15 mit kollege djorou!
Hahahahaha Roman
Hahah
Ja moin😂😂
Das macht jeder torwart vorher....
So cute !
BVB HUUUUUURENSÖHNE
SCHAAAAAAAAAAALKE
BALLMANÍAC
Ich liebe dieses Ritual😂
Billige Neuer nachmache🖕
#MiaSanMia
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
Bayern ist best
Lol geil
LOL superstitious fool
GERMAN DEATH CAMPS
😎\n          |\👐\n         / \\n━━━━━┓ ＼＼ \n┓┓┓┓┓┃\n┓┓┓┓┓┃ ヽ😩ノ\n┓┓┓┓┓┃ 　 /　\n┓┓┓┓┓┃  ノ)　 \n┓┓┓┓┓┃
Von neuer nachgemacht.
😂😂😂😂😂
So sweet
🤣
Wie abgefackt Sokratis ist ^^
😂😂😂😂 parece aqueles moleques fominhas
Lappen
Neuer Will Surely Copy Paste This.
Bürki ist voll geil Haha ;-)
lol😂😂
Witzig ehhhhh
😂😂😂
😂😂😂
Fantastic =)
Sehr lustig....
😂😂😂😂
Bürki will denn Ball testen
Ich lach mich scheckich Freunde
Super der Junge! :) Total sympathisch
Suuuper! :-)
Bürki du bist der knaller 😂😂😂😂😂😂👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Wie Sokratis ihm selbstverständlich den Ball rübergibt 😂😂😂
Hahahahahahahahaha
Roman bürki beste
XD
Geile Aktion, geiles Video
Neuer klatscht immer die latte ab..äh war jetzt nich 2 deutig oda? ^^
Omg, so funny
die musik haha
😂
😂😂😂💪
Eigentlich macht er genau das, was Manuel neuer schon immer macht. Sollte vlt lieber stattdessen mal aufs kurze Eck achten, anstatt andere zu imitieren.
😅😅geil\nVorallem die Musik dazu😅☝\n💛♥💛
Roman ist einfach bester keeper😂💛
Bürki der Ballprüfer😂😂
Bürki unsere LEGENDE❤😂
BAYERN <3
Schieß Dortmund
♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥\n*Sur la base de l'amour seul. Dieu a envoyé Son Fils Jésus-Christ pour mourir à notre place. Puis le troisième jour Lui est ressuscité des morts.*\n*Maintenant, si Jésus-Christ seul. Dieu nous a accordé le don gratuit de la vie éternelle. Il permettra d'économiser et de vous guérir, si vous lui demandez.*
Im from Bayern but this is funny lmao xd
Wie heißt das Lied?
Das macht neuer auch immer
Was für ein Depp! Wie wärs mit einem Ritual nach jedem Stuhlgang die Toilletenrolle als Andenken an die Wand tapezieren
das hat wer von neuer geklaut... nixwisser...
Da werde ich in Zukunft mal drauf achten.\nAm besten finde ich das bei 0:30 :D
Neuer macht das vor jedem Spiel genau wie Fährmann es auch vorher so gemacht hat bevor er Kapitän wurde.
ICH SAG NUR KURZE ECKE
Der soll mal lieber seine kurze Ecke zu machen
Ist alle schüsse am kurzen eck reinlassen auch ein ritual von ihm?
das beste fand ich als er wie eine katzte durchdie beine von schiri sich den ball holt .. 😂😂😂😂😂
Bürki ist Top und passt perfekt zu BvB
Vor einem Dortmund Video Bayer Werbung ?!? Nice!!!
Haha was macht der jung:)
Ich sehs schon in den komentaren das ich so gehatet werde aber ich bin bayern fan und ein wenig schalke fan😁😁 ,#fcbforever
Ein Ritual hat doch jeder. Ich kratze mir morgens erstmal die Eier.
Nur das das Neuer schon gemacht hat bevor Bürki schon bei Dortmund gespielt hat
es un completo crack jajaja
Richtig lustig. Habe mich vor lachen weg geschmissen.
Bin zwar Bayern Fan,aber finde das Bürki ein guter,erfahrender und Sympathischer Typ ist 😂💪🏼
Ach man der roman
Bin ich der einzigste der das gerade zum erstenmal mitbekommt ? 😂
Can someone follow me JUST FOR LUCK BEFORE MY DATE with gf
Und hält trotzdem nichts
Without mankeup you are so pretty
why dont you ever use a latex and flour paste instead of cotton???
please do more Disney inspired!!! ps love you :)
You should do a Glam and Gore version of CORALINE
I don't know if you may have posted it on your Snapchat or not (I don't follow you because I don't know your snap 😭) but I saw that you were nominated on the American Influencer Awards. I voted for you in the category you're in. I think it's Best Creative Makeup or something like that lol all I know is I saw your name I clicked it fast 😂😂
The pizza guy was so chill, i love LA 😂😂😂
Very Impressive! Love it and really really great! <3
I have a challenge. SFX without gore. My grandma wants me to do SFX on her but she doesn't want to scare children. Is there such thing as a no-gore SFX??
HOLY SHIT YOU DID IT AGAIN MYKIE 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🙌🏼
QUEEN OF THE NORTH! SLAY
Do a Hellraiser look
Glam No Face, Spirited Away tutorial? PLEASE >.<
AYYYYY KSHMR IN THE HOUSE
I MEANT CALL
Also I love how you promote your other videos in a none obvious way
Have you ever done a sugar skull tutorial? I've seen many but I would like to see your work on this
Do poppy from trolls or branch or a Bergen
this remix of the game of thrones theme tho <3
Wow the blue hair makes her look like someone in ahs
Lol, okay, i know this comment is slightly irrelevant, but could you do a zombie ballerina or creepy ballerina? I feel like all zombie makeup tutorials are based around guys (not yours though) I am in ballet and just thought it would be cool :)
Please do a lock shock and barrel tutorial before Halloween
We're do u get ur water base paint, I really don't know were they would be sold....plus I love ur videos there vary inspiring and u r a big role model in my life
Mykie please please do a zombie bite tutorial, I am self teaching myself and have been asked to do a zombie bite on someone by Halloween xxx
Ayyy, there's that Halloween pumpkin intro I've missed
DO A STAR TREK MAKEUP TUTORIAL!!!
Mykie can you do some Halloween glam looks with a little sfx
DOPE. where are the contact lenses from?
I didn't know how much I needed this video!
Yassssss Halloween time!!!!! Leggggooooo mikeeeyy,  so excited for all the halloween tutorials 🤗🤗🤗😍😍😍
This comment has nothing to do with the video but... You're pretty pale... You should do a Fenty foundation review
You kinda look like Brienne from game of thrones right before you put on the mask. Am I the only one?
8:07 and 8:40 Despite living in a town 45 minutes away from Berkeley and an hour away from San Francisco, I never get that level of chill when I leave my house in something less extreme. One takeout guy wouldn't leave until I convinced him I was mentally sound! (I mean, I wasn't entirely, but that had little to do with why I was done up like the Corpse Bride)\n\n(Also, we have a fairly well-known theater as a prominent part of the downtown. For all anyone knew, I could be working at it.)
Can you do Alice Angel from Bendy and The Ink Machine. (The scary one)
Can you do the leper from IT, he looks pretty gnarly
Question- if your glueing stuff to your face, should you glue your eyes brows down? To project them or whatever
You should do a cheshire cat tutorial! It'd be super rad
Plz do a dead Barb tutorial from stranger things 🙂
What happened season 4 ep 2??? (I don’t watch so idc about spoilers)
Can we all agree that Shane should do a conspiracy theory on how mykie really lost her eyebrows, lol 😂
She is sooooo good keep up the good work 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Why did I flinch when she did a thumbs up at the end???
nO IT IS CHRISTMAS OKAY
MYKIE I NEED NEED NEED YOU TO DO A LOOK INSPIRED BY THE 100 BEFORE HALLOWEEN PLEASE
Can you do a glam Moaning Myrtle? That would be awesome
You are so freaking talented! Loved it!
can you please do a freddy kruger look
Why do you always already have foundation on before doing a look and not take it off?
does anyone know what kind of clay she used for the sculpting?
I don't watch GOT so I have nno idea what this is but it looks frickin cool as heck
Can you pleeeeeeaaaaaassssssseeeee do a tutorial on red riding hood, but do a wolf scratch over one eye using silicone??? Thank you so much❤️❤️
You should do the four horsemen of apocalypse as a mini series kinda thing ☠️ conquest, war, famine and death! I would absolutely love to see that
Hey mykie, I'm cosplaying for comic con as seven of nine from Star Trek voyager. I want to make the face prosthetics myself but I'm not really sure what to use as it's quite detailed, was wondering if you could give me some advice, thanks 😊😊
I'm so happy and excited that all your Halloween videos are back my fave channel for Halloween ❤️❤️❤️
My school concert band (I'm a clarinet in it) is doing the Game of Throne song you played at the beginning of the video. 😂
Could you do a video where you recommend cheap/ish items for beginners, or a Halloween’s basics with face paint recommendations etc?? And your advice on using these??
This looks like the feeling when you've been eating salty popcorn and you need water for your lips.\nGreat job on the look Mykie!
Here's some ideas for more SFX looks!\n\n-Monokuma from Danganrompa\n-Female Titan from Attack on Titan\n-Mama (from the movie Mama)\n- Any Homestuck Troll you find cute\n-Temmie from Undertale\n-Widowmaker from Overwatch
I would love to see you do a tutorial of Sally from Nightmare Before Christmas!!
I love this!\n\nBut where is Chase?! 😒
This is amazing!!! Could you maybe do some fairytale themed glam and gore? Love love your videos
It's officially October! I'm prepared for you Mykie. 😆
That intro is life
Is there ever going to be a cool giveaway on SFX makeup for Halloween? I have so many ideas and know what I want but I don't have much access to all the supplies to do so or I don't have enough money because most of it costs a lot for me. Just a suggestion but if not then I understand  :)
Hands up of you're the 0.01% of the worlds population who doesn't watch GoT
Do a creepy Thing 1 and Thing 2!
Mykie can you help meee (off topic from the video but..) \n\nI just got liquid latex and it's not liquid whatsoever, it's basically a rubber and idk what to do, I put it in hot water to see if it'd break down but nothing happened.. (I can't return it either)
I DONT EVEN WATCH GAME OF THRONES BUT ITS MIKEY!!!!
Hey Mykie I love your channel i just have two ideas for you, 1) Where you get your contacts (because like me my mom doesn't want me to wear them because they can be dangerous if they are made badly)  2) how to make a mold for a mask or prosthetic. not one made of the life cast! Thanks if you read this again love your channel i hope this doesn't come across bad in any way that's not what i mean!
What happened to chace? Where is he?
Could you do an fx tutorial on a sugar skull
HAVE YOU DONE A COLAB WITH SIMPLY NAILOGICAL!!!
Can you pleeeease do «The mad hatter» look? I love your chanel❤️
I love mykie, but dear god Game of thrones' story has gone to shit
a mouth of suaron would be great to see at one point.
This IS unbelievable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Only you girl!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
White walkers are only mad cos they can't eat pizza 🍕properly?? 😭
Do you keep all the faces you've created? Or just toss em out?
Can you do a Nightmare before Christmas look? Pretty please with a cherry on top 🙏🏼
Oh no we're going to have to see people Literally me every single day lmao
The Halloween intro/logo gives me life😝😂🎃
🖤🖤🖤
Looooooooooove it
Wow!!!!! Mykie this is absolutely UHHHMAAAAZZZZING!
Joffrey was a thundercunt
Please
Mykie plz do a creepypasta series
YASSSSS
Сурова, как первомайский утренник
The bloopers had me dying 😂😂
THIS INTRO GOT ME SO HYPED IM SO BUZZIN
AHH IT LOOKS AMAZING
YASSS HALLOWEEN IS MY FAVOURITE TIIIMMMMMEEE!!!!
Pizzzaaaaaa
Amazing
You should do Noodle from gorillaz!
Can you do beetlejuice ? :3
DARTH MAUL GLAM LOOK PLS!!!!!
Missed these videos 💕😓
pumpkin logo Pumpkin Logo PUMPKIN LOGO!!!
That was amazing
Sub Rosa, the episode where Crusher masturbates to her space ghost lover.  And you know who directed it?  Jonathon Frakes, aka Will Riker, the horniest first officer in the fleet!  LOL
I can't believe I watched every episode of that show when it was new. What crap. Yeah, I'll take TOS any day of the week. Fun fact, Kirk was every bit the diplomat Picard is credited with being. Most TOS episodes are resolved without him resorting to fisticuffs. Many don't involve violence at all. I don't know where people get the idea that Kirk was just a maniac on a rampage. But Picard was definitely a candy-ass.\n\nAs for DS9... Avery Brooks was just playing a watered-down version of his truly badass Hawk character from 'Spenser for Hire' and 'A Man Called Hawk'. Boring show.
Patrick Stewart had some really good performances on this show
Best part was not mentioning whoopy goldberg.
7:50 Knew THAT ONE (When the Paxons control Troi) would be in there
You forgot to mention that the holodecks where very dangerous and almost always tried to kill them...
I never noticed the Riker maneuver until now. Also, the concerts were great.
Look we can take clips out of context and try to make jokes that suck!
You forgot to mention the black guy getting a seizure meme.
4:44 is eerily accurate to today's 'X' gender legislation that parents want for their kid's birth certificate instead of male and female.
Damnit, HT, I LIKE the space ghost episode.
Say Klingon's do not take a knee
Clearly a lot of work went into this and it is truly appreciated. Great video!
No mention of Worf's problem with doors, and Data's suicidal tendencies. Listen to the podcast The Greatest Generation
The Kardashians had my on the floor fucking Patrick Stewart is the babe for all time
Ooh you should do stargate sg-1 or the movie both would be good I think
Huh. Never noticed the palm punch thing before.
You really should have called getting his ass kicked the Worf Maneuver... and I love the resolution of that negotiation scene but you didn't include the good part. ;)\n\nAnyway, loved that honest trailer and I would love to see others for TV series (Stargate SG-1 anyone?) - too bad that's not really possible.
3 does that Netflix thing as well in the uk.
Thank you! This info is great. Can't wait for this release!
the Kardashian's... I was crying I laughed so hard
Lol, all those old special effects make me want to see an honest trailer for the old hulk series(with Lou Ferigno)[is that how you spell it?] My mother loves that series and it's so hilarious at times. Hulk taking 5000000 years to bend a pipe x'D
Please say, I'm fully functional and anatomically correct
Watched this already. Didn't comment. TV Shows are always a highlight but they also take up so much time for the writer(s) that we really can't expect ~9 min Honest Trailers about all our favorite TV shows. So big thanks to Dan and the SJ team for this, it was absolutely worth all the work. Anyone who says you guys aren't as funny as you used to be must be long time fans out of compliments. I think this is one of the best Honest Trailers I've seen. And I'm a jerk who hates everything.\n\nHats off.
this sh*t was so mega!!
WHAT? An Honest Trailer where less than 20% of it was criticism???
Do an honest trailer for supernatural!!
This is awesome.
The Riker manouver...had me in stiches...
2,110,629 views and counting...
>Kirk or Picard\nSisko.
Shut up, Wesley!
Lyrics at 3:17 aaake tshabeka,  aaaaad  klackson liiieess blashblanaach nick, dshilaschnish kitsh ket dshadshmidshadsh, kadshab ruditch job lavaqium giu klaus kimha, rasss trasss trasfulaaaaacchhh
Zero mention of Whoopi Goldberg? Really?
Do The X-Files
Worf no longer got his ass kicked in DS9 though! He did the ass wiping!
Interestingly, that shirt-straightening tic was referred to a the Picard Maneuver in one of the novels (the one with the Borg).\n\nAnd the first couple of seasons were a little closer to the original series' campiness (Armin future Quark Shimerman as the loud verse-spouting face of a treasure chest, anybody).
I think we need Star Wars Rebels now.  I can get you started...\n\nSTARRING:\nPeople yelling at other people telling them to leave them behind and go.\nPeople yelling at the previous people telling them that they won't leave them behind.\nDramatic starship steering (i.e. Lots of shots of pilots (mostly Hera) dramatically pulling back on the yoke.)\nStormtroopers missing things.\nLightsaber brandishing.\nKanan making you wonder if he's really blind at all.\nChopper indiscriminately trying to kill people/things.\n\n\nP.S.  I like Rebels.  These are just some themes I've noticed. Join the fun and add some of your own.  ;)
Do PHANTOM OF THE OPERA!!
I really DID want to watch the new Star Trek series, but I'm not subscribing to CBS All Access or Netflix for just one show.  Real dick move on their part.  Not the part where you have to subscribe to watch, but the part where they let us watch the first episode on CBS to give us a little taste, hoping to tempt us.  LOL, instead of being drug dealers, they're SHOW dealers.  Jerks.
I have been watching this series again recently. I never really warmed to it but wanted to give it another try. I think Frakes, (Riker) has to be the worst actor ever. Perfect example, Series 1 episode 7. Hide and Q. He.. is.. just.. so.. wooden.  .
When we getting one for Kimi no Nawa or Your Name?
Great vid! :)\nYeah, when it was good it was good. But when it was cheesy, oh GOD was it ridiculous :)
Lt. commander Data, an android who drops being an android in conversations when others bring it up, like your friend who just became vegan.
You should do Dr. Horrible's sing along blog.
Kirk? Piccard? Janeway is better than both of them combined!
Jesus, this is my 6th time watching this.  This has to be the best one you guys have ever done.
Kirk or Piccard? I'm good with Malcom Reynolds thanks! :)
Have they done Willow yet?
LOL about Riker,  it is so true. That guy is my sexual idol (even though, I'm a gal)! He literally had sex with everything remotely androgen in the show :) :) :)
Please say, all you had to do was catch the damn train
Not only was TNG a rip off and dissolved version of so much other sci-fi it was also incredibly boring with a collection of tediously dull characters.
The first season was so uneven that Denise Crosby freaked out and left too soon.
Show is fucking amazing! Time to take it from the top!
You folks should do Circle of Iron SO much good stuff.
Phantom of the opera!!
DO JIGSAW!!! when it comes out
Just do the incredibles already!
AND\nI\nSAY\nBounce a graviton particle beam off the main deflector dish; that's the way we do things when we're makin' shit up as we wish.\nThe Klingons and the Romulans pose to threat to us, 'cause if we find we're in a bind (We're totally screwed, but never mind!) We'll pull something out of our behiiiiiiiiiiiiiind!\n\nAND JUST MAKE SOME SHIT UP
So, Supernatural is going to be starting up its 13th season here soon. Would you consider doing an Honest Trailer for the show? :)
should do DS9 where Worf gets redeemed and is allowed to win fights.
Say: Christ on a bike.
Well given you did not claim there were any errors I do not have to make a response to this  but you know that Rascals and Times Arrow are a really good. Mark Twain on the Enterprise was awesome.
Please do the original alien
Please do the Underworld franchise.
Do an honest trailer of blood in blood out love that movie
I'll never forget, 7 years ago, I randomly heard my sister say something about 'That Kardassian ass', and I was SO confused! I'm thinking... 'Well the Cardassians aren't a species I'd be looking at their ass of but.... whatever works!
Please say, Well, I won't back down. No, I won't back down. You can stand me up at the gates of hell But I won't back down. for Tom Petty
Okay you are NOT allowed to make a death fakeouts joke...\n\nAnd include THREE lines from ONE fakeout. That's not honest at all!
Let us also not forget people in incorporeal states who miraculously avoided sinking through the floor. 🤣
next voyager  do it
Please say Kept you waiting, huh? in your oh so awesome voice.
Batman with Adam West and Burt Ward.
Pleeeeeease  say Stop telling me what to say!
Picard is a shit captain
The problem I have with this video is that its nothing new. Every single one of these jokes or observations has been done before.
Worf got his ass kicked a LOT.  He really should have looked into some kind of self-defense class or something.
Riker does not sit on the chairs, he rides them
Great Vid, thanks Dan!
Do Basic (2003)
Do Blade Runner you slags
Honest tralirw docter who
Do IT.. JUST DO IT..
Dislike for advertising
Rick and Morty Honest Trailer please :)
Do buffy
Do Jeepers Creepers 1,2,and 3 🙌🙌
Still no Spider-Man homecoming honest trailer?
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA!
Klingons totally laugh.
Spice it up emojis :D\nbit.ly/AdultEmoji
Poor Worf
My best episode was when the captain Pikard was probed by a satelite from a dead civilisation and live a whole life on there planet in an hour of the Enterprise time. He has a wife, children, grand-children and friends and see the end of there world. The little song that he play on his pipe always make me cry a little. That was great acting :)
Do Blade Runner!
Do Cloud Atlas!
Do Mean Girls
PLEASE DO SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING
Do the emoji movie!
...SHUT UP WESLEEEYYYYY
Big band theory feels with Wesley!
why do you put // grace helbig after every title? do you forget you made it?
You whole YouTube accounts is a satire
Yet still haven't learned how brainwashed you are...lol...I love you, but I'm sure you won't enjoy Sharia law or Communism for that matter... just sayin...Happy B-Day !!
I would like to make you a pizza birthday cake
Oh m god... I totally forgot about the yodeling pickle 😂😂 Happy Birthday Grace
Happy Birthday, Grace !!!
4:56 - 5:06 I LOST MY SHIT!! I don't know if it's true or not but omg I havent laughed that hard in a while. The way she said it holy moly!!!
GRAVE IT MAKES ME SO HAPPY YOU LIKE WWE
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY GRACE! YOU MAKE ME SMILE, and I LIKE YOU A LOT.
I like your new hair, thought I don't know if it's new but it's new to me and I like it so there. Compliment achieved.
You are too funny! Happy Birthday, and as a former wrestler, I'm glad you converted!!!
You're going to have THE BEST year of your life! Happy 32nd birthday awesome woman!
WE HAVE THE SAME BIRTHDAY HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY YOURE LITERALLY TWICE MY AGE I JUST TURNED 16
My birthday is on the 28
Hope everyone is safe and well after the socking events yesterday.
I can’t believe you’re 32. I feel like since I started watching your videos I thought you were in your mid to late twenties and I still think that!
we share the same bday 🙂 happy birthday to us
eyeliner is on POINT you go birthday girl
I love when she says “i don’t know” because saaaaammmmmeeeeeeeee
Ok 1. She looks fantastic for 32. She's always looked fantastic. 2. When she shotguns the beer or gives the handcuff secret away...what was up with her voice there?
If the blue night loses... I'll just die. me talking about any of my celebrity crushes
I feel like you already didn't know.
You and my son have the same birthday!
Your videos always make me happy, Grace!!
You should react to Daniel bregolis new songs !!!!!
I love you. But you could’ve just done with one. Be grace.
Dick eating hoe diet consist 24 coves a night literally hit her up on tinder
Here's a thing. I am also 32. yay....
Happy Birthday, Grace! Here's wishing that your year is incredible!
Happy belated birthday!\n\nAlso, more Tim please. You two are so funny together. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRACE! GRATEFUL THAT YOU EXIST AND POST VIDEOS ON THE INTERNET FOR MY ENJOYMENT AND THAT YOU ARE VERY FUNNY AND FOR CAPS LOCK!!! <3<3
Goose's original name was Pheonix,  right?
Birthing rites...\n..impromptu rites cries the mental smells! \nBeer without hops...jumping for the spring...  :-)
My friends' started a youtube channel and got slime stuck in her hair during the 7 second challenge. Here's the link if you want to check it out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDC_2L6903Y&t=451s tysm!!!
belated happy birthday wishes :D Wish You all the Love and success in Your Life :D
You look amazing 😍 I thought you were like 25 or sommet 😱❤️
Your birthday is the day after mine. I love you. But not because of our birthday similarities
Welcome to the deepening pit of despair Helbig.
We have the same birthdaaaaaaaay 😭😭😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
you're a queen 💓
I make videos sometimes and sometimes I don't. XD  Stay silly and wonderful Gracie. :D
what's the last video??:DD
Happy belated birthday! By the way, Forrest Lawnzzz (#30) is excellent :).
Hey Grace, I don't know.
I read this as 32 things I LAYERED this year.... I would be totally okay with this video too hahaha
Happy birthday!! I hope that I look as good as you when I'm 32... Except that I'm 39... and a boy... Damn you're hot!!!
4:25 Why was blonde Michelle Wie in this video? Makes no sense.
32 things you've learnt this year = 32 reasons why I love this channel 🔥❤
Thank you once again !! I really wish more people could laugh at themselves more. It just makes sense to want to laugh!!
Everything I learnt this year came from this video.
Grace, can i have your top...it speaks to me!
You are one of my favorite humans
GRACIEEE you old fuck I love you
Haven't heard from Margaret Cho or Clidoris Trembles in sooo long!
I hope she'll make couple of videos with her mother and brother during the Christmas season :)
Great video! Happy Birthday Grace, you make my day better whenever I watch you. Thank you for that.\nAlso, the final expression in the video is precious.
Happy birthday! And also you should totally be a drag queen.
I think I want that sweater. Where'd you get it Grace?
whats the video at 3.38 ?
Happy bday why am I her
I don't know why I could wait to get home and watch this
Your hair looks at it's best!
How to get a haggard face?
I wish I was as gorgeous as Grace but I'm a dude.
That last one tho! P.S. Wasn't Goose's former name Phoenix?
I'll be 32 this Halloween! Happy birthday Grace!
Clip show with Grace!
this is also a reminder of the segments grace has introduced and immediately abandoned
we have the same bday!
Happy happy birthday
When I was 32 I went to Disney World for the fist time. Just saying.
Everyone needs a Grace Helbig in their lives, just sayin'.
Happy birthday you lovely weirdo.
Gracesss get your friends into your car... Echosmith :)
I actually love your douchebag cousin.
You gotta love Grace
Happy Birthday!!!
Happy Birthday Grace!!! :) <3 <3
Happy belated-ish Birthday ❤
Happy Birthday Grace!!!!!
Ur useless pls kys
❤️
you get hotter with age. hahahahavesexwithmehahaha
your teeth is scaring me...idk why
Happy birthday
Channel trailer?
Check this out http://vire.info/?cash=12982
Happy belated birthday!!!
Hella sexy
Happy birthday Grace 😃
Love you!!! Happy birthday!!!
Is this crap really trending?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRACE
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday Grace
Happy birthday again! :D
1:30 FUCK
Happy belated Birthday!
Shouldve kepts #3 to yourself. It's disgusting to have a stank pussy and then you admit to have stink pussy. At 32 your pussy still stinks???? Thats DISGUSTING
Doesn't it suck not being good at processing emotion. To day someone told me the reason a helicopter had been hovering over my village was because some girl got drunk and tried to commit suicide by jumping into the harbour and my response is an awkward smile and saying well that was a great idea in a sarcastic tone....what is wrong with me. And when people tell me a problems all i can suggest is tea. And when I sign cards I can only think of really generic things to say because i'm really bad at sentimentality.  The weird thing is that I am actually a really caring person....i just don't convey it well.
Hey folks, hope you enjoyed the video! It'd mean a lot to me if you guys checked out Tab for a Cause; what they're doing is truly amazing and I've proudly been opening tabs for just over a week now. As a stats nerd it's insane how something as mundane as the new tab page can help raise funds for charities across the world. Go download it here: http://tabforacause.org/businesscasual
Are you fine with the shitposter... I mean..... The editor putting Felix the trap in your videos
When you can have registered lobbyists in a parliament/senate then it really shows that the democratic process is fucked up in a country....
Do The Walt Disney Company!
Do Kodak next
Umm...... why was Felix the trap-o-cat hiding behind that stack of cash.....
Now AT&T likes to fuck us in the ass
I still love Business Casual, I'm pissed at YouTube for not giving me the notifcation though :P
AMD next! I've really been enjoying the videos lately.
What about Cingular?
Some notes on the weakened AT&T ... it was much larger and more profitable than the baby bells.  It ran 80% of the Internet.  It still had bell labs for its entire run.  I would trace its demise to the MCI worldcom multi-year illegality of stating false profits which real companies could not compete with.  Also a failure for the federal government to enforce the telecommunications completion act.  In the end the Internet bubble busted and the most unimaginative and backward baby bell, SBC, had the cash on hand to buy the name and what was left.
So... the US govt destroyed a company once, and now they're helping companies (such as; Google, Boeing, JP Morgan, etc) with tax payers money? I wonder....
Best girl is at it again. What does Felix say at 5:30?
Did tab for a cause pay you? Because if they did it means they’re not using 100% of the money I give for charity... they use that to advertiser (such as paying you) and maybe who knows? If they do that, they might also pocket some money
If it's free you're the product.
These videos are so good. Well versed, brilliantly created, punctuated with pure intelligence. THIS is what YouTube needs.. NOT Jerk Porl.
Fascinating learning the history of this huge businesses. To see their strategic plays over the years is interesting to see how they are still relevant today. Great videos!
Satellite internet my peeps; thats where I believe AT&T is and always planned to be heading towards with the aquisition of DTV. Another great video @BusinessCasualYT. Nostradomus out.
AT&T acquiring Time Warner will not make them a larger broadband provider as that portion of the business was already sold off to Charter.  They would only be acquiring the media portion of Time Warner.
can you do playboy? in honour of the late great Hugh <3
Irish?
So,telephone monopoly is tolerable way back then.
As an ex Worldcom/MCI/Orange employee let me tell you that these organizations are run by absolute CUNTS
I have watched all your videos, but I had to stop this one mid way through. Please stop using the moving blue line, Its nauseating.
Pls make Kawasaki: The company behind motorcycles
Phillipp Reis
Do NVIDIA next!
i'm a little surprised that you didn't mention Cingular.
Hey wait, thats not an answering machine at 7:00, its a wire recorder.
That felix cameo though
9:21 I thought Sprint bought Nextel and Verizon bought Alltel?
5:34 this is WW1 no ?
2:21 gotcha!
Wait... So AT&T is actually rebranded SDC and it sold most of its assets but remained in the network industry and made a huge chunk money, right?
The for subtitles
I SMELL FAKE NEWS: How the Americans like to believe Bell invented the phone.. he stole the idea of Reis by requesting his research from the university.
I just realized I watched a slideshow.
Is it laggy for everyone?
Amazing video as always! Do SpaceX or OpenAI next!
I hate at and t
Help me Expand my hidden Felix collection:\n2:20 Felix behind the Stack of cash.\n5:29 Felix behind the crew to the left calling Big Bang Theory a terrible show.\n10:15 Felix on the center podium.
At 8:40.  A Sikh, in 1952, UK based physicist Narinder Singh Kapany invented the first actual fiber optical cable.
and what was the greatest invention of the 20th century ?
Maybe do Philips soon? The lightbulb manufacturer that makes MRI and CAT scans.
For now, we just have to wait.\n\nFor now, we can only wait.\n\nBecause we can't do anything anywa.
lol learned their lesson kind of a stupid thing to say
t-mobile>>>>>>>>>>>
2:20 FELIX\n\nTOP HUSBANDO
Traps spotted
Great video 📹
Do tmobile
RadioShack should be next
do silvercrest
still less than comsuk
2:21 TRAP SPOTTED!
Time Warner was formed when Time inc merge with Warner communication. Then they merged with Aol and mad Aol Time Warner but then they spun off Aol in 2009 They used to own Warner Music, Group,Warner Books,Time Warner Cable,Aol and Time inc
You should do a video on Compaq Computers
AT&T built it but was bought out by Southwestern Bell Communications. Who knew.
Thanks for the video, you deserve 1M subs. This could be a show on the History Channel.
You're infringing on my copyright pay-tint!
My grandmother worked for Bell South.
Please make a video about Playboy!
you forgot to talk about cingular
Isn;t TimeWarner owned by Charter now?
Soooooo that is what AT&T stands for O:!!!!
Tab for a Cause donates every time I open a new tab? I could bring Puerto Rico back on it's feet just from when I browse porn.
Great work! I learned a lot!
8:15 _Liar!_\nWe all know that was intended.
Would love for you to have incorporated the AT&T copper mines in Chile and the Kissinger memo urging for US intervention.
You are awesome Business Casual!! Loved this video :) Could you make one video about TV broadcast companies like Cable TV/Dish TV etc?
I'm going to see this again I didn't catch it all, at all.
i just found your channel I love it already
Thumbed up regardless of my views.
I like your videos. You're cool.
Please do Mitsubishi Motors & maybe electric please!
Do one on Carlos Slim and Claro!
By the way, Antonio Meucci is the real inventor! the others stole it.
OH MY GOD FELIX AT 10:16
What about Virgin? Planes, trains, mobiles and megastores...
I hate at&t
What about Cingular
Did J.P. Morgan just invest in or buy anything he could?
I also live in Orlando, Florida & I have Fiber Internet provides by AT&T for a good price. But here they do have to compete with Spectrum Cable as well.
Ayy fuck Americans we don't have any of these
technically bell canada is the real company behind the phone since it is the only division left of the original bell
Apart from the third party operators out there, one familiar to those my age is GTE (General Telephone), whose service differed greatly from Bell/AT&T as they had to have their own phones and wires.  Don't forget before 1984, Bell was the only company to manufacture their own phones that customers could only pay to have installed in their homes.  You just don't go out and buy an extra phone as it didn't work that way.  That all changed after the breakup and we started to see a lot of cheaply-produced phones out on the market.  Bell System phones (made by Western Electric) were heavy and practically unbreakable like tanks. \n\nGetting back to GTE, they mostly serviced specific areas Bell wasn't it, usually rural/suburban.  My grandma had GTE where she was and I can remember the odd noise the dialer made and the rings itself.  I'm sure this all had to do with those  specific patents AT&T had.\n\nIt should be noted, outside of DirecTV, AT&T also has it's own broadband service including DSL and a cable TV service called U-Verse in a number of markets they do operate landline phone service in (like the former Ohio Bell in my state).
10:16 Traps will not divide us...
I might start using his tab for a cause, I have between 80 and almost 200 tabs opened. And once I check them all I'll end up opening more anyway.
Dude Im I'm class.\n\n\nScrew class im watching this
That Russian accent though.
I think you guys made a mistake at the end... AT&T is indeed trying to buy Time Warner, the entertainment company, but not Time Warner Cable, so them acquiring Time Warner has nothing to do with broadband or internet.
This video naturally overlooks a lot of history in order to keep the video relatively short.  For example, people often claim that landline phone service was a natural monopoly, because how efficient would it have been to run multiple, competing phone lines?  While that certainly pointed to a difficulty early phone companies had, it doesn't really make it a natural monopoly,  Instead, the companies were working out agreements to share the phone lines, so that multiple lines weren't necessary.  Bell Telephone, however, successfully argued the natural monopoly argument to local legislators, and got them to grant local monopolies to phone companies, and Bell, being the biggest phone company at the time, was well-positioned to receive most of those government-granted monopolies.\n\nAnd, in fact, national telecommunications in the U.S. was nationalized, if only briefly:\n\nIn 1918 the federal government nationalized the entire telecommunications industry, with national security as the stated intent. Rates were regulated so that customers in large cities would pay higher rates to subsidize those in more remote areas. Vail was appointed to manage the telephone system with AT&T being paid a percentage of the telephone revenues. AT&T profited well from the nationalization arrangement which ended a year later. States then began regulating rates so that those in rural areas would not have to pay high prices, and competition was highly regulated or prohibited in local markets. Also, potential competitors were forbidden from installing new lines to compete, with state governments wishing to avoid duplication. The claim was that telephone service was a natural monopoly, meaning that one firm could better serve the public than two or more. Eventually, AT&T's market share amounted to what most would regard as a monopolistic share.\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_AT%26T\n\nThe history of phone service in the U.S. would have been very different if government intervention hadn't occurred.
5:29.  No way, anime girl.  This show isn't stupid at all
It's like that returd, larry page, and his bullshat google fiber. It was DOA. comcraps and the rest own the internet and will not let you join, and fiber costs a fkload to lay and is impractical except for BUSINESS use, like internet2 at 100Gb/s.
Can You Do Nickelodeon Or Cartoon Network?
lazy animations...unsubscribed.
nice anime at the big bang xD notice me sempai. yes traps are gay are gay not the old word for jolly
That jab at Ajit Pai, OMG THAT WAS GREAT.
12 I'm early
Wait a minute.... Have you been doing this in Prezi the whole time?
✨❣️
Jamie! When you use baby facial for the first few times mix 2 pumps of the facial with 2 pumps of the oil. It adds extra hydration to the peel and makes it more balancing and your skin will be super soft. It also makes it a little more comfortable too. I'm obsessed with it and actually use it 2x a week religiously, but I had to work up to that. \nAlso, you just don't want to use anything with AHA/BHA/retinol/enzymes immediately after washing Baby Facial off. But surrounding days you def can. DE also recommends using the Marula oil after rinsing baby facial. \nI would do baby facial on Sunday, TLC 1-2x a week and maybe rotate in moonfruit 1-3x a week. I'm a Skin Lead at Sephora and highly recommend all the things you bought 😊
I think am cheap but I think that $6 for 1 mask is not  affordable
For UK people who can’t get sephora - the body shop do an amazing dupe for the drunk elephant baby facial! the vitamin C glow revealing liquid peel 🤓 you use it in the same way and it makes all your dead skin cells ball up and come off when you rinse it. it’s only £18 too, i swear by it 🙊
love u bye
Hello
24 on trending! Whoop!
idk if it's cause i'm just tired but i feel like your whole video was slightly sped up??
Where did you get your makeup organizer that's in your background?
sephooda
X
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3I8AYNGywk&t=54s
Beautiful lipstick an hilagth 🍒👄🍬🦋🌺💎✨🌙👘🤸🏻‍♀️🦄🎀🤝🇲🇽🤜🤛💄💪💅👠👙🕶🌮🥑
Jamie, this is #gaols & drop dat dough. P.s. Luv ya!
60 FPS makes me so uncomfortable
Love Hauls/favourites vids! And you! <3
Your face looks so amazing.... 😍😍😍
Great video💖💖💖🔝
Can you do a tutorial on this makeup look? Please!!!
Can you do an updated skin care routine video please?
Does any fellow UK pals know where I can get the Drunk Elephant TLC BabyFacial??? I’ve looked EVERYWHERE
about time you started a petition for sephora in glasgow you are the voice of the scottish people, pls and thanks x
OMG I never realise that there was no Sephora in the UK! 😱
I NEED A TRIP TO SEPHORA! LIKE NOW! Who wants a trip to the USA? I need an enabler 😂😂😂😏
Hey Miss JJ, what foundation are u wearing, looks amazing !
Make up tutorial on this please Jamie, I love the olive green! Xx
Jamie, I just love you! You have quickly become my favorite YouTuber. You are so real and down to earth. I love that you also represent the tattooed and pierced girls out there. You are beautiful! 😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️
Please do a makeup tutorial on this makeup, thanks
I arrived back from New York this morning for the for the first time in america! I spent $800 in Sephora 🙈😂 I was like a kid at Christmas 😂😂 I’m now bankrupt!! X
How many did u roughly spend all together
For those of you who are old enough to remember, there used to be a Sephora on Oxford Street, London years ago but closed down. There are talks one will be opening in Westfield East London soon, shame it won't be in Central London like Covent Garden which is like Beauty Central. Whoop x
We need a tutorial on this eye look please Jamie, you look bloody gorgeous girl 😘
Are you going to review the new kat von d palette???
Please do a first impressions/testing of that foot mask!!!
Hi Jamie, what product do you use to bring out your freckle? Thank you! You’re ace. 😘
It was not cheap but it was the last one, which make me think it was super necessary 😂😂😂 Thats so me.
Totally agree bring Sephora to the UK
You're camera quality is off the chain. Great vid, J. Thank you.
Tutorial on this look please, omg its amazing
Girl when I was in New York I was spending thousands! I git to VIB Rouge status in a week 🙈😂
Hey guys! Hope you're having a great day. I make videos about food and it would mean the world to me if you gave my channel a looking, lemme know what you think. Much love!
WE NEED SEPHORA IN THE UK😭😭
Im sorry but you look like the hotter Scottish version of Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner in some of your thumbnails
Jamie you can use the drunk elephant baby facial and the tlc framboos at the same time just not on the same day so use the baby facial on Monday and then the rest of the week use the tlc framboos (I work at Sephora)
Please do a tutorial on applying lashes 💖💖💖
That Baby Soft Foot Mask is CRA CRAAAAA! Your skin peels off!!
hey any smaller youtubers want to support each other? xo
You and kaushal are my favourite youtubers I think you should do videos together
Do a tutorial on this look!! I love it!
It's almost become a daily routine to sit and watch your videos whilst doing my makeup ❤️
Ugh so jealous of this haul 😭 if you just use the Sukari Facial every 1.5-2 weeks, you can still use the DE night serum or other AHA products in conjunction with it! You just need to make sure you stay away from actives 3-4 days before you use the Babyfacial. Just listen to your skin, if you are over exfoliating it will let you know!!
Ugh I want to try all this stuff! I need more money 😩
wish i could buy all this ughh hahaha
And you're still not hot 💀💀\n\n\n\n\n\nLMAO issa joke
Girl ya just HAD to go and post a huge haul on payday! Desperately praying for my bank balance 🙃
Liked before i even watched just because of the oops in the thumbnail 😂😂
I love that your hauls consist of so much skin care ❤️
It’s the farmacy products that came with the little spoon!
Yay yay yay! So happy a bigger YouTuber talked about Farmacy! I absolutely love that brand especially sleep tight and the honey potion moisturizer
please do a makeup collection x
Hey Jamie! Are you going to be dropping your teeth transformation video? Lots of love xM
Can you do a night time routine :)
hi Jamie!! I've seen you own the simple Human mirror...Do you like it for everyday make up?? I need one  and I would love to know your opinion!!\nthanks love, kisses from Spain
I think you can use the glycolic acid and the facial at the same time-- just not the same day. So, once your skin is used to it, I think you could use a schedule like this: TLC S-T-Th, facial F, rest Sat. (Although since they're both heavy AHA's that might be a lot of the same acid to put on your face... but you *could* is what I'm saying.) I do a similar schedule with lactic acid and a mandelic peel respectively, and my very chronically sensitive skin loves it.
Love you Jaime !!! Love that eye look, it's so beautiful!
Drunk elephant is such an amazing brand! For video ideas I still love the full face looks that you do, especailly when they're extra long. I'd love to see a classic bronze smokey eye from you. Those are my favourites to watch because everyone looks good in them
Please film the foot mask thing!
A fat stack of face masks 😂😂😂
I love getting your opinion on beauty products! Loved it xx
Her my face on her thumbnail made me click on it 😂😂😂like 😰
Jamie can you PLEASE do a review on the new Huda Beauty eyeshadow palette? I have seen so much controversy over it and I really trust and respect your opinions and honesty when reviewing products. Thanks love you xx
Your face in the thumbnail #canrelate 👌🏽
I remember when I was a kid and we had Sephora in the Uk- In London in Angel and Brent Cross. I guess they weren’t so successful at the time, but it was before blogging and YouTube ect really took off
Hey Jamie, would you be so kind as to do a basic gentle skin care routine from start to finish for newbies in this beauty world? :)
I love the Drunk Elephant Glycolic Serum, my skin has been so much better since I used it.
please do a vid about round eyes and a green eye makeup look. Also my eyeliner used to be perfect and its no longer awesome so a an eyeliner look where you really delve into semi-hooded eyes would be helpful. also please do a video on night skin care! love you Jamie! your the shit! I gather so much inspiration
I thought that said “Noon Fruit” hahahahaha
A good dupe for the drunk elephant baby facial is the body shop drops of youth liquid peel. Does exactly the same thing but is only £18. So gross but so satisfying at the same time !
am I the only one who got ASMR from 15:43
Please do a tutorial on this eye look!
I wish you could come to New Mexico and do my makeup for my husbands return from deployment! You are so incredibly stunning & talented!
Could we have a tutorial on your eye look?? I love the green and wud love to know WHICH shadows you used 😃❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I wish drunk elephant was just a smidge cheaper. I've heard such great things about their products!!
#bringsephoratoscotland I'm from Scotland I know how it feels ! 😂
Jamie you need to do a tutorial on this eyeshadow😍💚
Absolutely obsessed with you🙊
I LOVE this eye look you've got on Jamie... tutorial pleaseeee xxx
can you do this make up look in a video plz
I live for your vlogs, and the hauls are always amazing too! Hope your jet lag wears off before your next trip!
Girl. We N E E D a tut on this look.
I've become such a huge fan of yours . Everything about you is so real and classy . Your skills are insane and completely beautiful #girlcrushjng
The thumbnail made me lol!!!!
You said it rite the first time is said bosha and the feet mask is amaze balls it works very very well!
I live in the Netherlands and there's also no Sephora here! Seriously, Sephora step up your game and come to more European countries!!
I’m so jealous! I wish I could drop that much money on Sephora 😍 that would be a dream haha
I really like hauls like this so I'd love to see more! I also feel like it's time for another skincare routine 🙌🏼 xx
Omg Jamie, please do a tutorial/review on the rubber mask!!❤️
Top video 😁😁
What are you wearing on your lips, it's gorgeous! Also, love that eye look!
Did sephora GIVE YOU a gift card to use for this purchase? case that makes all the difference.
#MEXICO🙋
French fan?
It gives me chills watching the video but I couldn't understand it. Anyone can explain the video, please??
nice
Since 2004 same man just upgrading 😘😜
james blunt you have an angel voice, just perfect
James has songs with the most beautiful lyrics. he's so underrated and its so sad seeing great Artists unrecognized anymore. But keep it burning, beautiful video as well love it.
it's not bad, but nothing will ever beat My Triangle!
Reminds me of Adam Lavine for some reason? Maybe the tone?
Magnifica <3
Heard this live last night. It was amazing 😍
Love..is when you hear James...
We miss u in South Africa. Pls co me again😭
Pass the blunt you fat orange fuck
weird video ... you have to explain it to me. really!
Ethiopia fans💙💙💙☹️I like this song
Why on the earth two videos for a song?
Love James since elementary school. His voice and music are both great.
Love this video, which tells a deeper story, and it is so so tragic.    😭😭😭\n\nJames Blunt is a pure artist.  Every song is genuine and from the heart.
I loooove this song....not all songs, James is the best
Love it -  I love your music Mr Blunt <3
your voice is so amazing
any filipinos listening or am i the only one? (:
The lyrics though... they speak to me!! ❤
I'm confused why does the song has tow videos!!
For a moment there i though that this was the preview story of if time is all i have, amazing video <3 last part gave me chills
I was thinking dis' video could be more... dramatic// I mean, 4 da' lyrics, but good job 4 a very great song // this song remember me my situation: I love it but... I hate it
Elisangela, \nSul real, '?
The little girl is my cousin
This song is the only good in this album. Sorry James, but your last album is so different.
We still got some good Singers
Wow, James Blunt you’re so amazing and hopefully someone will do Remix soon could be great
Hope is the worst motherfucker out of Pandora's can.
This is FANTASTIC, Blunty. There’s a reason why this is one of my favorite songs on The Afterlove.
God bless your voice man!  love your songs!
I think I'd like to listen to his voice for the whole of my life ❤️
Simply beautiful 😙
So are there 2 official videos?
Amazing video, the best. I was surprised and I was moved because by that james blunt is the best
I can't say no to you, James.
Great song. My favorite. James is the best.
Video gave me a whole new perspective at the song.
love the song! love from Kazakhstan
my favourite song in The After love
please come to Ecuador again >:(
Please make a video for Paradise
Wonderful James
🏈🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪
Velocidade de reprodução 1.25x mo top
*Before my 100th birthday,* I need to find me some me-time to go and see him in concert.\n-\n*There is just no one like him!*  (I love James Blunt!)
Another Masterpiece from this Legend!
From Small Country Called Bangladesh.... We Love James Blunt.
Now actually, this is a real good number!
Marvelous this album... fantastic Mr Blunt... !!!!
woah
Que musica ruim :(  que pena. James Blunt é top. Mas essa musica é ruim
Esse vídeo combinou mais com a letra !!!
#1 James Blunt 👍 from Armenia))))))✌
Philippines  🇵🇭 fans
TURKEY <3
Nepalese Fan ever...
Linda música! Como todas de sua brilhante carreira, esta toca de forma profunda ao coração por falar de um amor impossível nesta vida. Nos emociona demais . geny Martins.
129.758
Woah
Love it James!
😍😢💓Beautiful 😙
Beautiful song ❤
Loved Loved it!❤️❤️❤️
Beautiful!
Kosovo fans🇽🇰🇦🇱👐🏽
Fantastic
💖💖💖💖💔💔💔💔
Que bonita 😍❤️
OMG Don't give me those lights pls :)))))
Indian fans🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Mi favorita del disco, lloré la primera vez que la escuché y ahora vuelvo a llorar.
I love this!!😍🙆❤
Amazing song
It hurted!
Such a masterpiece 💪👌
Another one?
YESS
Oh his voice♡
So cute
From Morocco fans
Chilean fans 🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱
Eu te amoooo ❤❤
Música linda :)
J aime beaucoup cette chanson. Pour moi c'est la plus belle de l'album. Très beau clip Merci James
2 official videos? what?
mahnn this vedio!!!...james the Genius
Magnifica voce 😍👍
first
The Best! 😍💙
Liked before listening
❤❤❤❤
Ameii a música.... ♥ O Brasil te ama♥
YOU’RE THE SHIT BLUNT 💜\nMe embolas muy cañón 🖤
... BUT I LOVE YOU ...
Peruvian fans ? 🇵🇪🇵🇪🇵🇪
Poor little Megyn. She can't hold a conversation. Why in the world does anyone think she can handle this sort of interview? So embarrassing.
It's inevitable, she's going to be kicked off. NBC, just save the time & money and do it now. She's nothing special and was only popular because Trump talked about her vaginal blood.
megyn is just so awkward.
Megyn Kelly sucks on morning tv.  Who asks about plastic surgery during an interview about a movie.  Her “gotcha” style interviews sucks and hurts the TODAY show brand. Stars are going to start boycotting appearances because of her
Really!??? That's what you're asking? Such a waste of time... can i ask you something Megan? Can you leave!? right now!
Kelly is not a people person and has zero charisma. This interview is so awkward.
So ageist, so sexist. this was criiiiiiiiiiinge lol
cringe interview
Omg that question to Jane Fonda was so inappropriate and ill timed! Horrible horrible horrible! Megan is so bad at this job it's startling.
Megyn should quit this job....its just not for her....shes off topic
I can't believe MK had two of the greatest actors sitting right in front of her and decides to discuss plastic surgery! REALLY??? She's blowing her chances, you can't teach humility. Crash and burn...........
The interviewer couldn't make it more awkward for these legends with her imbecilic questions
Is MK interested in anything  besides appearances and age????? How shallow! (and that's a kindness!)\nwhatever made someone hire her in this capacity ??? nearly brainless. And the audience as well, WHY would they populate the seats for a program like this?
Megyn Kelly is the worst. How is it possible to be so thoughtless? Jane Fonda and Robert Redford are amazing and I wish she could have asked relevant questions. #losthope
Megyn says it's a beautiful, beautiful film @ 5:00 and it sounds so disingenuous, she probably didn't even see it!!
Did anyone else feel like the question was really inappropriate? About plastic surgery? I mean really?
Queen Jane shoots down the vile Megyn Kelly. Take this witch back to the slime bucket that is Fox News.
LOL.. the fail is strong with this narcissistic blonde twit.
I thought she said Arseholes at Night ! ( it's the American accent, I'm a Brit)  Terrible interviewer and possibly the most insulting dumbest cringeworthy ageist questions she could ask ... these two legends. And yet they were still gracious . Wish someone would give them the time they deserve and a respectful interviewer
I love how people their age don't give a f and say things the way they are. Lol
OMG the host was asking the wrong and inappropriate questions.  I saw Jane sigh big time twice!  Why did she ask Robert if there's anyone he'd like to work with in front of Jane Fonda?  So insensitive question.  Robert was gentleman enough to answer that silly question by just focusing on Jane and how he admires her.
Megyn Kelly is better as a Anchor/Reporter. She should ask open ended questions and try acting a little more excited.
Jane Fonda got more class, brains and beauty today and always, than that intervier Megyn Kelly has.\nThe way Jane Fonda handled that interview was amazing considering it was a full on nasty cut-throat remark by Megyn Kelly.\nI'm with Jane Fonda all the way, and Robert Redford. Just amazing talented people.
megyn kelly really sucks...more and more...pretty amazing redford's gone from media recluse to showing up on day time chat shows...getting older made even the sundance kid come in from the cold...
Megyn just doesn't have a clue.....smh. She's not going to be accepted by anyone before too long.
Megyn Kelly is AWEFUL.
Horrible interview.
I respect MK... but Barbra Walters she is not.
Megyn Kelly screwed up here.  But sometimes I get the feeling these liberal celebrities try to throw her off balance on purpose because of the fact that she came from Fox News (which they absolutely hate).
You know that something is seriously wrong with today's society when someone like Megyn Kelly is a somebody.
What a hack job Kelly did on both of them ... yuck!  no more Meghan Kelly
I think Jane looks great, nothing to be ashamed of. What's her surgeons name, lots of woman have had surgery and look it, jane looks pretty natural.
It’s over Johnny
I feel bad for Fonda. She had to sit through an interview with this ignorant woman.
1:51 Really Megan Kelly That like Bryanstars level of Stupid questions i mean come on.
The only thing Megyn has going for her is her looks. She is terrible at interviewing. That is why her show is tanking.
The only way a Megyn Kelly talk show could be anywhere near remotely entertaining  is if it involved her stripping down and showing off those floppy, whithered, 46 year old fun bags.\nREPLY
it's amazing how when you only see a short clip about the plastic surgeon question, an impression is left with the viewer how inappropriate the situation was and how angry Jane Fonda was. However, when you watch the entire interview, it was really only a blink in the context of it all.
man, do they live in the past or what?
MEGAN KELLY TONIGHT!\nLAST SHOW\nCANCELLED AFTER 1 WEEK\nDUE TO VERY LOW REVIEWS
Jane Fonda did a wonderful job after that terrible question
Redford has become so effeminate.   He has been a good actor and last saw him in A WALK IN THE WOODS  with Nick Nolte in 2015.
MK just can't stay in the moments.... interrogate off topic vs. appreciate now
Wow, they are still alive.
WORLDAASS NEWS.HAIL THE TODAY SHOW.HEALTHCAREAMERICA.COM ASK TRUMP IF.CLARENCE A WHITE.TODAY SHOW
hahHHA I AGED NORMALLY BUT ALSO HIT THEM INJECTIONS HAHA XD IM GOOD ACTOR
She is trying its hard to overcome old habits fox news was and is the worst
Megyn Kelley like most conservatives and Fox News anchors are tone deaf and just completely ignorant.
MK is not for daytime TV - she does not relate - she is a hard news person
I  would spit on Hanoi Jane heifer dog
Her show appeals to idiots. That's all
I just heard the next episode is going to be completely devoted to DIY tips to protect your family from the New Black Panther Party. You're doing gods' work Megyn!
She destroyed her career when she left fox...today show screwed themselves after paying millions for her😂😂 instant buyers remorse
women have nothing to offer other than their looks. they are all terrified of aging, its sweet justice for us men who have to watch them entitled and evil all their life
Please come back to Houston
MK sorry, but can you drool over Redford even more?
Totally shocked by Megyn Kelly's announcement at 4.57.  It sounds like she is saying 'Arseholes at night'! Better to emphasise the second word ( 'Souls' ) instead of the first ('Our').
Age!!Age!!!looks!! AGE!LOOKS! MK IS OVER
Kelly is great...who doesn't love watching a clown, just waiting for the fool to show up.
Jane was looking daggers at Megyn and rightly so.  Megyn was extremely rude, would she want to be asked about her hair extensions?   I've always liked Jane Fonda and am glad to see her and Redford together again in a sequel of sorts to Barefoot in the Park.  I don't recognize that electric horseman movie because it was so awful.
Almost every question had to do with age.  WTF!?  When the interviewees keep having to save the interview, you know that something's JUST NOT RIGHT.   Redford's right about Jane, she's amazing.
never has there been two ego maniacs like Megyn Kelly and Jane Hanoi Jane Fonda pompous arrogant complete drones .  Redford that ship has come and sailed but still hanging on for some publicity and to be adored by the public.  PATHETIC !!!!!
Megyn Kelly already reached her peak of fame. It's all downhill from here.
i came here for Robert & Jane\n& then i saw  the cow\non the presidential debate \nit is her ?
Miss Kelly should just get off TV!!!!!
Megyn Kelly is no OPRAH. WHY is she so obsessed with Jane’s looks and body -_- she’s so fake. Trying to force feed us superficiality. She is spearheading ageism by constantly talking about Jane’s looks.
Megyn is forced and beating to her own drum at the expense of Fonda here. And also, why didn´t you ask Redford about his facelifts? Probably had as many as Jane has. Be a little self-critical about how you reproduce old stereotypes of women by the questions you ask. Not cool, sorry.
First the Will and Grace Snafu. Now this.\nYikes.
Cringing in embarrassment for Megyn. Why not askJane who she's looking forward to working with on the next project? Jane has class for miles!
Jane and Robert came to promote their new movie and Megyn consistently tried to take the conversation to any other topic besides the movie.  Strange way to do a movie-promo interview.  I can see why Jane was annoyed.  And Megyn still didn't take a hint.  She's got a big learning curve on how to do this kind of show.
Can't stand Megan Kelly, what a horrible interview
Awful host! She don't know how to listen to her guests...
Isn't this Megyn Kelly that person who claim that Jesus Christ was white and should only be showed as white? Isn't she the one who makes all types of excuses for police shooting of unharmed black people and claims that it has nothing to do with race.
Show's not going to last !!!
This isn’t about you Megan!! Please ...
why is the camera CONSTANTLY MOVING? distract from what's actually happening on screen maybe? BECAUSE IT SUCKS (the camera and the content). thanks
I just don't like Megyn.
A communist and a hateful feminist walked onto a stage........and then I turned the t.v. off.
Hanoi Jane looks amazing...
in before canceled
JANE IS 😍😍
shadow gov. fake tv..
NBC's LATEST DISASTER: MEGYN KELLY 👎.
they look like mummies
Megyn sux! Poor thing
Megyn Kelly is trash lol
Bye Megyn.
MEGYN KELLY IS TERRIBLE. Awful. Awfully terrible!! Terribly awful. \nGo back to Fox News.
r/cringe
Megan Kelly malicious
Omg that was upsetting to watch
It seems like when you're older your age will be rubbed in your face whether it's in a form of compliments or not...Honestly it doesn't need to be constantly pointed out 🙄
Jane is funny.  She definitely likes to be the centre of attention with discussion pertaining to her or her co-star referencing her or them, even at her age.   Robert Redford has a good sense of humour.
If they want viewers they need edge, this is not edge, there is no edge on tv anymore!
She is a racist and a liar. I will never forget how you purposely inspired racist attacks with race baiting, calling black protesters thugs, saying that all Muslims are terrorists and  inciting people to commit hate crimes all over this nation. You and the rest of the propagandist at fox, both past and present, are covered in blood from all of the attacks and murders caused by your words. You cant hide from your past and who you really are. NBC are trying to normalize these people but DON'T LET THEM. DON'T WATCH ANY SHOW KELLY OR ANYONE WHO THINKS LIKE HER IS ON. SHAME!!!!!!
I personally think MK did a great job, and I’m not even a fan.
Jane Fonda just through complete shade...NAHH ..., she threw ABSOLUTE DARKNESS on this ignorant, moron, lawyer turned news anchor, turned entertainment host. Meghan,,dear,,,, CATS are the only creatures to boast about 9 lives, your DONE.
I think people or the media are making too big of a deal out of this part of the interview. Now that Ive seen it it just wasn't that bad.
Megyn Kelly will never be half the woman Jane Fonda is.  Not to mention the Integrity.
This dyed-blonde skank must be deported to Saudi Arabia ASAP.
i can't wait for little doe to return so i can ruin my bank balance and support your shop!! you make the most beautiful jewellery <3
I've known it since I started watching you that you have the exact same personality time as I do, I freaking knew it! ;))
Both of you took the best care of all your Rats ! I was touched how they were so looked after ! and they obviously loved you both as much.
I used to have a medusa and honestly it's a very cute piercing so if you want one, do it. But you have to be aware that it leaves a little hole when you take it out. It's not ugly but it bothers me (on me). Love you! 😘
That magic roundabout movie used to absolutely terrify me. I've been traumatised by that movie loool and yet i uesd to keep watching it as a kid
I love you to pieces Kiera, both inside and out you are beautiful! I am truly sorry for Lou bean going to heaven! he's with his brothers now :'( I totally understand the need for a break and to gather ones thoughts and take stock, keep up the wonderful things that you do...you bring so much beauty to the world xxx
So sorry about Louie. I have a very sick rattie who is over 2 years old and I'm thinking she's not going to be with me much longer.
It seems that I'm behind the times.  So sorry to hear about Louie!  Hope you're doing alright.
Commit to a medusa!!!! They are beautiful ❤️
I'm getting my medusa 13th October xD and yeeees you should get it medusa are so beautiful  (sorry for my English I'm so tired xD )
Omg Lou Lou bean :( I'm so sorry to hear that, I literally cried my eyes out when you told us that and grabbed my boys and smooshed em. You are such a caring and wonderful person and changed to many people's opinions about ratties with your gorguz ratty boys. God bless
Hi Kiera, really sorry to hear about losing your little rat butt, I just found a lump on my oldest today and dreading anything happening to him. \nMy question would be advice on starting a business. I started Crafty Little Studio early 2017 but relaunched and changed crafty completely September 1st. The advice would be amazing! \nI do illustration, design and photography but I'm looking to include ceramics in a few weeks once my kiln gets placed in my studio and diy projects. \nThank you for your wonderful self, you've helped inspire me to open my own business with your YouTube channel over the years xxx
So sorry about Louis. I had to put down my old lady cat about two months ago. It's tough.
love your videos! such an inspiration. sorry for your loss :(
My sister had dougal and the blue cat on record and I was traumatized at the sound of dougal crying and the blue cat being mean!!! Even the thought of it 🙈🙈🙈🙈 xxx
I love how you called fantastic 4 'fantfourstic' 😂😂
don't get the medusa!!! I think it would look pretty but the scar/hole that it would leave would be in such a noticeable place
How can we find your eBay? Xx
Aww bless Louis x hope you're alright :( 💞💞💞 but thankfully your last video was with him which is beautiful :)
omg you answered my question! thank you so much :))) x
Your make up is studding! You should make a tutorial on it
I've done so many Meyers Briggs tests and I always get INFP as well! :-)
So sorry to hear about Louis 💔 you gave him and all your rats such good lives! And it's nice that you did that video where you got some of his pawprints, so you have something to remember him by ❤❤
I'm INFP also, apparently we're pretty rare ;)
Kiera, would you pass the butter please?
are you getting any more rats?? xx
Okay. I have a min pin that’s name is Sophie that looks exactly like your little stuffy!! to a tea! \nLove the rick and morty reference at the end 😂😂😂
I've been watching you for yeeaaaars now, waaay back in your ScarletSaint days, and to find out that you love Florence and the machine too is well cool! Florence Welch speaks to me on a spiritual level, she has an incredible voice!🖤
I'm so sorry for your loss, Kiera. I can only imagine how you must feel. I have two rabbits, named Darwin (I named him after your Darwin, he was my fave ratty!) and Daisy :). Darwin has had some medical problems in the past year or so and I cry just at the thought of losing him. They've both helped me so much with my anxiety and depression, it's unbelievable. Fur babies are the best, and even though it's a shame they're with us for such a short time, we should consider ourselves lucky for being able to spend so many precious moments by their side <3
Good luck to you babe . You will be strong and this pain will fade away over time to be replaced with a happy heart for all the great memories you spent together.\nLexi
💖 Ahah! We listen to the same music. So glad! 💖\nHope the little souvenir of Louloubean's painting will help in the loss of this sweet lil'thing.\nxx
When you said Fant 4 Stic I laughed really hard because i use to call Fantastic 4 that when I was younger
A medusa would look fab on you I had one a few years back one of the easiest piercings to look after in my opinion - had to take it out for work :'(
You should do a video with highlights from the team beam store x)
Hi Keira, I'm sorry for your loss, I can only imagine the pain you and Alex went through. Your boys warmed my heart and made me love ratties and mice (wich I already loved but didn't know could be such amazing pet friends) and thanks to you all back in April I got two little mice which I love with all my heart. I can never thank the Bean family enough for that. Btw you both ROCK and are as strong as only a bean can be! We subscribers are all with you and we can't wait for you next amazing videos 💕
We're the same personality type! I always connect so much with people who are the same type as me, it's nice to understand why I like your channel so much! I'm excited for little doe to launch, are you going to do more jewellery, like rings and bracelets?
You should watch Nasty Gal on netflix.. or is it amazon. It is really cool and could totally be you with thrifting!
I'm an INFP too! I always thought you were :)
Just do it! I got an Ashley piercing last month and I love it! 😍😙
That blue cat was actually the stuff of nightmares! Haha
I feel your pain, my pup of 13 years just passed away yesterday, I can't believe it, and I find myself expecting to see her come around the corner, and then I remember that she's gone...it's the hardest thing ever. \nSo my heart hurts for you, sending you lots of love.
I've been following you since your first adventures with the beans. I got two of them at the same time actually and that's why I found your channel! I got into a depression and didn't watch much YouTube or go on Instagram or anything and then I came back and saw how many beans you've lost. I knew it was inevitable but it still sucked to see you sad. I almost mourned with you, because I lost mine at the same time. I don't know where I'm going with this but to say I'm sorry and even I'm the worst of times, know you have a support system.
I'm so sorry to hear about Lou :c I can't imagine.... It's always hard losing a pet because to us they're not our pets they're our family our children our best friends.. May Lou rest peacefully.
idk... a medusa is so front and center
I just got my medusa and I am so happy! I have my septum pierced too. I will say that the medusa didn't hurt as bad as my septum but you do feel that needle more moving through your skin lmao. I even got both my nostrils pierced when I got my medusa. Nose hurt me more than the lip piercing. You would look gorgeous with the medusa <3 Sending love to you for the loss of your ratty babe <3
I just about died at I pass butter xD
I'll share my own opinion on the piercing ONLY cause you asked for feedback. When someone has such a beautiful face AND amazing makeup and hair abilities, piercings just take away from it. I don't like them. They never make someone look better imo. At least with a septum, you can not wear it and the hole isn't visible. The lip one--probably not so much.
In a very similar position - four ratties to none. They do leave a hole but you'll always have given themthe bestlives they could have asked for x (edit- god yes get that piercing )
I’m so sorry about Louis 💕 sending lots of love.
Get your Medusa!! It'll look awesome on you!
Woooo! welcome to the Mediator Group! I know its not real science or anything, but i love this kind of shit. That site particulary, i really enjoyed. I read through the entire Mediator pages and descriptions and ive never seen a personality description so apt. Of course its not 100%, but some of the things it go t right were so right, like in ways i never had the words for before. I was quite impressed.
holy I'm an infp-t as well! Do you ever feel like you're an empath? Whenever I meet other infp's, I've found that we tend to be extremely empathic <3
I love your passion for making genuine videos that you want to make, without having to worry about views etc :) I can't wait until you have your business up and running. 🌈 All the best to you and Alex 💜
also get your medusa pierced! it would look amazing!!! i would have got mine already but my job doesn't allow it :( your very lucky that you can have all the tattoos and piercings you like! so doo eeeet
I made the test a few days ago and i am a mediator, too. I really get you and how you just want to do little doe. you are so passionate about it and I am absolutely in love with his. \nAnd a medusa would look really cute on you.
lovely babycakes, Im so sorry about Louis. that's all I wanna say<3
You were an amazing rattie mummy and they loved you tons! Huge hugs my lovely x
Hope you're okay and sorry about little Louie. Least you have happy memories of them all and have the videos and pictures of them that you did :) they'll always be in you're heart and always be around as little spirit beans 💙
so sorry to hear about your precious  bean, its so hard to cope with. Please please please dont get your gorgeous hair cut it looks amazing .My hair is the same length and colour but sadly doesnt look as amazing as yours.Sorry but i think a piercing above your mouth will drive you nuts, especially when eating or talking, love your videos , really look forward to them, love to you and alex
i have my nose septum and medusa and i love all of them i think it would suit you so much! Xx
I'm so sad to hear about Louie ❤ I had two girl mice with my boyfriend, and they were my everything. (We even bought a real Swarowski mouse on a vacation, because it reminded us of them, lol) The first one (Makker) had to be put down a year ago this summer, and her sister (Bakker) had to be put down a year ago this November coming up. I had to take 3 days off work BOTH times because everything made me cry. It might sound so dramatic, but honestly, I still can't look at pictures of them or even talk about them for too long without crying to this day. It annoys me so much, because I would LOVE to relive all the good memories we had, but I just can't yet. Even telling this is making me emotional. I just wanted to say that I'm so terribly sorry about what you are going through, but as you said youself; you know he had a great life. ❤❤🐁 much love from Denmark.🌟
Because of you I got three pet ratties called Greg, Oscar and Alfie. They’re 3 months old now and I’m in love with them, they have bought me so much happiness! I’m so sorry about your loss, they do only live a short time :( x
We have the same music taste 😍 you named all my faves 💕 love you and hope all is well 🌿✨
i love your The Room references so much, oml
I'm so sorry for your loss honey I hope that it gets easier <3 I love your make up and your top in this video could you do a tutorial on the eye look? xx
Love Hozier! So sorry to hear about Lou 😢
I'm so excited you answered my question! Love your videos, they're always so calming :)
I felt really sad about Lou :c hope you get well love ur videos <3 !
Second comment, but if you do the ebay charity thingie with thrifted items If you find any could you list plus size finds? I would love to have a browse but I'm like a 18 or 16 on a good day :)
I know that seeing my goals in practice with other people really helps me achieve them because I can visualise them better. If you're like me and would find this useful, you should check out Christine Kobzeff's channel. She makes jewelry as a full time job, employs her husband, and goes to outdoor markets and fairs regularly to sell (but also to go flee market shopping!)
I love your widow's peak!
RIP Lou Lou Bean (3
Sorry for your loss Kiera ❤️
I also have a poser clock. I use to use it but then the ticking started driving me CRAZY so I had to take the batteries out. Now it just sits on my night stand looking pretty and gathering dust 😂
Btw as someone who works as a part of the CITV scheduling team I can assure you that grizzly tails and my parents are aliens are still frequently shown on that channel. Let's all get nostalgic ;) absolutely adore you Kiera <3
It's good to see you again! <3
MY GOD, YOU ARE ADORABLE! Thanks for your beautiful video and beautiful thoughts. <3
OMG OMG OMG... Okay, so Kiera Rose just answered my question in one of her videos... I can see unicorns now
Oh my gosh yes Dougal and the Blue Cat!! Finally someone else who knows what this is. Thank you 😊
LOL the Johnny and Rick and Morty edits <3 Hope you're doing well and YES PLS to the medusa!
I used to cry as a child when I realized my pets would eventually die 😢
COMMIT! You can take it out if you hate it. It'll be nice! :3
Florence!!!!!!!!
love u bean ❤️
your eyeshadow looks amazing!
QOTSA!💓
Medusa !!! Definitely
Rip Louis🐀😢💙
you should really get your medusa pierced!!!
Yes commitment
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! (medusa piercing)
I'm INFP toooooooo!!! 💕💕💕
Definitely get a medusa piercing!!!!!
im sorry about your loss :/ i hope you feel better 💛 // p.s. im an ENFP!! so cloooose hahah
Eyelash glue a little screw top/ ball top piercing to your lip and test if you like a medusa
Anyone know where her duvet cover is from? :)
I freaked out at that clip from the room and kept replaying it. You're my favourite customer byeeeee!
After I lost all my ratties I thought I would never want to be a little fuzzy mum again, then I rescued a ferret :| ( the charity was going to kill him because no one wanted him ). I have never looked back, he's such a character, and so so funny. Just a thought.
Idk if you've had mouth piercings before, but I wouldn't  recommend it if you don't see yourself committed to it. Not that it wouldn't look good on you, but it can scar your face permanently
I'm so sorry for your loss 😔 I lost my rat Lewis a month ago, and I know his brother Boris doesn't have much longer left. It's horrible having to deal with type of stuff. Why can't animals just live forever you know? But anyways I'm sending good vibes your way ❤
How can a Hot Girl like you, be a nerd and like Computers and stuff...oh god that's f**king awesome...😍😍😍😍😍
Rather then paying 2700 on a mac. She created a 2700$ beast.
I thought it said $270 build first😢 something I cant actually afford.
Idk I think it's ugly but a beast build
I subbed at Hey guys\nAnyone who starts an Austin Evans collab like this clearly understands his audiance. I also see an MKBHD video too, so yeah, I think I'll enjoy this channel.
My dream to build a PC is with him no homo
where is the s340 ELITE and ASUS STRIX 1080TI?
Good build I would suggest adding two fans to the front to increase airflow.
my man evan you sexy beast!
I'm sorry but I always read his name as autism Evans😂😂
Booooo! Have a Like for switching over to PC tho.
you would of paid double or triple for a mac with the very same specs
Austin Evans taking all the girls !!!
Youtube is just like TV, commercials every where.
He forgot to aim the arrows in the cpu
Lmao, built a system almost exactly like this a few weeks ago for exactly $1000 less (not as much storage and less beefy cooler). Great video tho!
Fun video.\n\nLogitech MX Master for the mouse, if your primary usage will be editing and such. Any decent cherry mx blue keyboard if you'll be typing a lot, maybe a Das Keyboard. And a IPS panel ultra wide for the extra real estate.
i didnt knew logic liked tech so much!
Keyboards are all up to you, go to like a Best Buy and try out the different ones available, just get a mechanical keyboard.
Welcome to the PC Master race fam
That is a LOT of heatsink
Well since your PC is not used towards gaming, in my opinion you should get the Logitech Craft Keyboard and the Logitech MX Master they both look amazing and their functionality is great too. I definitely recommend LG Ultrawide monitors, because they are 21 by 9 and are great for productivity and editing. \n*(Craft Keyboard) - http://www.logitech.com/en-us/product/craft?wt.ac=HPB2-CTA1-craft   \n*(MX Master Mouse) - http://www.logitech.com/en-us/product/mx-master-2s-flow?crid=7\n*(LG Ultrawide) - http://www.lg.com/us/monitors/lg-34UC98-W-ultrawide-monitor
That’s $2700 WTTTTTTTTF\n\nMY PC $2,000\n\nIntel 6700k -$300\nEvga GTX 1070FTW - $450\n1tb m.2 - $500\nCorsair cpu cooler - $120\nCase - $100\nTrident Z 16gb ddr4 - $120\nGigabyte motherboard - $200\nKeyboard $180\nG900 mouse $150\nBOOM this PC is 10x better for $2020. \nBut I have 3 monitors that were each $1,200 for stock trading but nobody needs 3 and also a lot of good monitors are around $400.
If this is truly your first PC the thing that will become readily apparent right away is the complete lack of app support. I went the other way and went to Mac. I use both but find I am drawn to the Mac eco system far more than the PC. If Apple would ever officially support their OS for PC’s they would obliterate Microsoft.
Fuck, find a shirt the fits your shoulder
2700 O.O but you only got a 1080 and not even a 1080ti where did all the cash go?? Ah sees a 300$ ram kit a 220$ had and a 600$! SSD... When your 1tb boot drive cost more then your gpu....
Soooo... did the 2nd noctua fan not fit the chassis because it needed to be raised to fit with the ram? just asking because I wanted to make a build with the same chassis and cooler
11:13 my heart almost dropped when I saw that one of the legs was hanging off the side of the table ...
For a monitor, I'd go with either an ultrawide monitor (like this, http://www.lg.com/us/monitors/lg-38UC99-W-ultrawide-monitor ) or a 4k 27-32 inch monitor (like this, http://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/dell-27-ultrasharp-infinityedge-monitor-with-arm-u2717da/apd/210-ahhp/monitors-monitor-accessories ). As for  mouse, the Logitech MX Master gets good reviews for productivity. I also recommend a mechanical keyboard, but I'll let you go down that rabbit hole... Hope I could be of assistance and great video!
I have been working on a build for some time and wanted to see if it was good can you check it? \nhttps://pcpartpicker.com/list/2TjfQV\nIs there anything I need to add before it is fully functional and do I need the CPU cooler
Definitely get an ultra wide monitor. It will help with timelines and it will give you a lot more workspace. For mouse, I would go with an mx master mouse. It's relatively long lasting for a wireless mouse and is extremely comfortable. The keyboard is always personal preference so I'm going to leave that up to you (ps if you want comfortable but loud get a mechanical keyboard. If you want it semi comfortable and quiet get a scissor switch or a mechanical feeling dome keyboard
Welcome To The PC Master Race!
Should’ve gone threadripper way. 1920x would’ve been better choice
get a 4k gysync display that is IPS and a mechanical keyboard
that cpu cooler looks not good inside that case, it would look much batter with Corsair H100i v2
you should get dell 8k monitor or at least 4k monitor, mouse i recommend Logitech mx master and keyboard i recommend cherry mx 6.0
Any 1440P-4kIPS display is perfect for editing, try go for an ultrawide version. For a keyboard go for a mechanical one. Look for one that has a wrist rest and in full sized, with any key switch you prefer (do some research) (i recommend cherrymx reds). For a mouse a Logitech MX master is a perfect choice. But if you want straight up recommendations:\nMonitor: Asus PB287Q 28'' 4K 1ms Response time monitor\nKeyboard: Corsair K70 LUX CHERRYMX REDS\nmouse: Logitech MX Master
you do not need no damn 1080 for editing\nTHIS IS N O T F A I R
Didn't peel off the clear clover off the glass triggered
Damn Autin's female friend is pretty cute... And there's nothing wrong with macs.  The Unix terminal is only a few clicks from boot up.  :P
Poor girl is a MAC person......poor thing; your so nice Austin Evans!!
Hey Austin, This is guys.
Great collaboration ! I might choose an ultrawide monitor though :P
mx master for mouse and any good looking mechanical keyboard from logitech or another good brand like corsair
I can not see an ESD band. Hope it will break.
Get a real artist to do your merch..
that white-purple S340 case is looking gorgeous. welcome to the pc world.
Austin is the eggman IN THE ROOM
Also for editing workflow, ultrawide monitors are excellent. The wide aspect ratio means you can stack multiple windows next to one another, I.E. your file explorer window with the content you have on the 4TB Drive, another window with stuff from the SSD and PR Pro/AE etc. can be open at the same time without running out of room on your monitor. It also helps remediate the conventional annoyance od dual monitor setups, where there is always the bezel on the monitors right in the middle of your vision. I use an LG 34 inch ultrawide, but they range in size and features (4K, 1440P, 1080P, curved, etc.). Ultrawides are any content creators dream.\n\nThe Logitech MX Master makes for an excellent mouse. The main reason is that it has two scroll wheels (one horizontal, used by your thumb, one vertical, ised by your pointer finger) which ease workflow in any of the CC programs that have a scroll bar that is horizontal (scrubbing through a timeline) and some that are vertical (looking through color correction options).
Hey Austin this is critic. Its a 6 pen
hey (Sara Dietschy) you should really go for a Steelseries mouse and a corsair keyboard
And buy a 34 lg ultrawide good colour accuracy and easy to work on
Lol i am 14 and i can build a pc by my self
I am so happy that you said Android based phone instead of an Android.
Still have the plastic on the inside of the case....
As Evans he have some spare key boards
I feel like the cooler ruins her build lol so ugly
1:12 ... basically all the things you can't get on a Mac for less than half  its price x'D
i bet austin was tired of being called nerdy and geeky, so he started working out too make himself feel better
Needs LEDs and custom cables!!! The Aesthetics!!!
Austin was nervous there i think he likes here
Liked this style of video.
austins face at the end tho
diytrying has a couple good vids on building cheap and also expensive pcs
I don't believe people like her exist. Has done electrical engineering and computer science. Does not know stuff about computers. Really? At least you got started.
Who would've thought you'd need a mouse and monitor too? =o
gotta watch this on recommendation as a austin evan fan
Monitor asus vg24qe 144hz 1ms
2700 and no custom cables?
get a asus 144hz 1msr 24 monitor
Monitor - ? (Linus TechTips)\nMouse - Logi MX Master 2S\nKeyboard - Feenix Autore
Get a 34 Curved Monitor
razer mouse motherfuck
dat guy  stole 1 noctua fan from dat cpu cooler xd
just get ultra wide monitor. Done.
Logitech g pro mouse and keyboard
1080? 2700? No 1080 ti? K
2700 no gtx1080ti?
Booo. Take out the pick axes. Booo
Right
She looks like Indian Actress Anuska Sharma
u betrayed john
No RGB No Party
Great components ugly cooler
Corsair K70 keyboard
Where was john
gasps A MAC USER gasps
12:52 who is that!
nice vid
Mionix Castor (mouse)\nLogitech Craft Keyboard
Corsair M65 Pro RGB mouse, aww yeah
?
logitech mx master lg ultra wide and a corsair strafe rgb
1tb ssd is like 500 not 800
Razer deathadder elite and blackwidow chroma v2 and a firefly cloth or hard
0:00 best part
Are pre-built systems good?
Tbh the cooler looks ugly asf
She kinda looks like yara
I LOVE U! @SARA
You wouldn't know from this interview, but at one point in time Ray J was popping and sexy as hell!!! Those days have since passed....
Joe Budden has me laughing because he is totally leaning in on Ray J, all over the table prop and such...lol
No Ray J. Go back to Singing.
What does he got?
Ray J is that drunk uncle who always talking about girls from high school and pyramid schemes
This niga one of the best nigas ever lol budden funny
I don't understand how people can sit up and keep watching complex news they are horrible I mean cringe worthy😬😬😬👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿😒😒💀
joe budden is weird\ndj akademiks is irrelevant\nthat bitch jus needs to kill herself
Why this interview just feel so off like something just not quite right and I can't quite put my finger on it..
I hit it first explain to me how humble you are
these niggas censored that lean from Ray J Tahe this L Complex
This episode just might be worse than Sza and Issa Rae
This nigga really sipping lean on the show. Smh these niggas
Someone needs to pimp slap Joe
Ray J: Epitome of a lame nigga
Ray j got that pipe 20k a month.
He playin crazy about that R.kelly stuff fr
Lil Yatchy: I don't hate nothing, I'm making money living life.\n\nJoe: WHAT THE FUCK!? HOW ARE YOU FUCKING HAPPY!!!!?? \n\nRay J: I don't hate nothing, I'm making money living life.\n\nJoe: That's what's up man good for you.
i been to silicone valley.  i seen, like ......i seen it
and did he jus confirm Chris is on drugs
He keeps saying sorry cause he was tweaking yet he's drinking lean now lol
LMAO Ray J is ALWAYS being made fun of without knowing it smh. His level of intuition is ZERO. Joe said well if Ray J said it, it must be right. You can tell deep down Joe sees him as a clown. The same way Charlemagne did. The same way we all do. But from Ray J to Cardi B ignorance is accepted and rewarded in today's world
Ray J hit it first kanye
This nigga retarded but smart and Joe need to stop sucking the guests off, fucking lame
For a man to play it so cool and they say he wilds out is too much for me. Im sure theyll change the title of this video soon but oh boy is this fake news title of the year. Much respect to Ray J keeping it cool and not going haywire on these crazy nutty show hosts. The fact that they were trying to push his buttons is the fact that they sensationalized the headline when they couldnt get him to go haywire. Wow. Ray J is dope for keeping his head. Pause.
I like but, not them bars
&he's trying to make a baby...
How is the  nigga getting interviews,when was the last time  he was in the radio?..2001?
Everything that comes out his mouth sounds like a lie lol
Ray J's stuck in 2011 with 3 cups sipping nothing.
Ray J is very delusional very
Has anybody noticed that this fake ass tech mogul, fake ass rapper,fake ass celebrity is faking drinking lean.
I TOLD YOU 5 seconds later... yeah im humble.
Damn it's fucked up how they were reaching for dirt the whole interview SMH
The reason why I like the breakfast club is cause they ask the question people want to ask . This guys just go searching for a story even if they aren’t interested
Ray J matured. Complex wit the clickbait. This my first dislike
Ray J and Kanye have to be related!
The sprite bottle is probably blurred out because they don’t wanna give sprite free promotion.. that’s why sometimes rappers shirts or certain labels will be blurred out in their video
Is Ray J a football fan? https://goo.gl/N6ruJc
I CAN'T BELIEVE PEOPLE ACTUALLY COMPARE THIS DRY ASS LAME SHOW TO THE BREAKFAST CLUB ! ??? LMAO 😂😂😂
I'm humble. - Ray J\n\n😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Bye Bitches! LOL ladies this is what a professional liar sounds like
Which Ray J interview are they talking bout that was so great ??
Craplex done it again dry ass joe budden,weakest interviewer and ak carries them the most
Rayj and Budden should be gay for each other
what's in his cup? lol
everyone using nadeskas lap to rest on
This nigga Ray J has lived a great life deadass. This nigga thotted Out the most famous women in the world grew up on TV as the little brother to a Grammy award winning sister and had one of the most remembered VH1 reality shows of all time he going down as a goat easily
Fake ass title to get viewers smh. Everyday struggle only got 4 more months then it's a wrap
If i had one wish\n*Joe budden premier skin for injustice 2 😂😂😂😂*
Wilding out and being high af is two different Shits
I def didnt see him wild out! I love his growth Great interview. And the album being called Raydemption I would like to hear some r &b like One Wish & another song  w Lil Kim
Did they say he was wildin just cuz he had the lean cup at earlyoclock in the morning or something. Ak ain't neva have to click bait niggas. Complex weak
Ray j just Seems Like the type of Guy who just talks ..
Joe, you don't understand California, there are helicopters everywhere. At least in the cities - Oakland and LA. Very different than the east coast.
Complex, Click Bait titles that aren't truthful diminishes your integrity.
FUCK VIC MENSSA
Why he got the white cups with the blurred out sprite bottle tho!!!???     LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!
The reason we have the Kardashians and The Breakfast Club.. If only he could cash the royalties
And he over 25 he a old head -Uzi
They wanted ray j to go up there & embarrass himself but he flipped the script on em
Did this nigga just really just made lean in interview
i have to think..im telling you his tone of voice just makes the shit sound correct
This nigga better not drop no fucking album named Raydemption.
 A bunch of checks for the fuckery.  Ray J  much love and respect.....
Bye Bitches 👋🏾
Jo Budden a hater
Yukmouth brought me here
I would def let him screw me in all 3 holes on camera
Raytronics ? Shit sound like a porn site 😂😂😂
Misleading clickbait title! 😐
silicone valley!!!!! joe such a nigga wowwwwwww
🚽🚽🚽🚽📉📉📉📉🚽🚽🚽📉📉🚽
Bye bitches 😂😂😂
Love Ray J
Ray j talk gay asf
Lmao clickbait title
Mr rugs is that niggia
nigga glasses cleaner than wales
I told Ya! I'm Humble lol
niggas be so hype to touch nadeska's legs, thinking they slick lmao
Im faithful, a thousand quadrupal percent
Why Ray pretending he drink lean
Everyday Struggle>The Breakfastclub<Drink Champs
I swear Joe Buddens always kissin these VH1 guys asses
Wack title
3 cups is unnecessary my nigga, wasting cups n shit
Coplex doing the Vladtv title shit fck
Clickbait.
why he pourin sprite in a tripple cup?\n\nbro is wylin
He sippin mud?
this nigga on drugs
Dj fatkademiks
Nigga Joe said RayDemption is mature..
Kanye West - 11:45
8:35 iss.. iss.. isszz cowwect- Inspirational quotes by Ray j
he gon cheat
CLICKBAIT
Click bait turn away now looool
11:24 Respect
Drop THE FUCKN PROJECT
fuck me someone find this on soundcloud asap so fucking lit isnt funny
So hyped for the Quavo + Travi$ Scott project
Now to wait a few years for this to be released 😭
My boy #Offset feeling the vibes☺
Someone needs to put this on SoundCloud ASAP
Takeoff always left off 😭
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Quavo the goat
its better then the original
Lmao this is better than the original version and that's coming from a huge Travis stan.
Can you post my song please
i already ear those lyrics but i dont know where they come from
Better than th original 🔥
VIP my squad 💯🔥
Fire!!!
queria baixa esse som deles mais não acho ...😖😖😖
THIS SHIT BIGGER THAN YOU!!!
I'm taking on a new path \nMakin dem brixx take a bath
Can't wait till this drops !!!
i listened to this before my test to pump me up
Vip my squad
Why haven't we sent Quavo to North Korea like he don't got the key to the warzone 🤔
murda beatz destroyyed
if you aint know they dropped the official audio ! peep https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WKFd-eGTL4
My number 1 aim in life is to be as happy as Offset in this video😂
do these guys get payed for lip syncing and drinking lean? sign me up
Lil uzi flow
THIS NEEDS TO DROP ASAP
Lil nicca who are you, this sh*t bigger than yu
He Needs To Release This Asap ! 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Dab DAb
Yooo release this immediately
Nice 👍🏿 remix
GOAT
Lil bitty bitch do the math ☝
Really remix Quavo 🔥🔥🔥🔥✔✔
Drop it then
foooooooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn instagrammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm @elite.2k17
Offset off that drank
Ayeee
second verse 2 krazy! #fasho
https://m.soundcloud.com/rari_k
IS this coming out
He messed it up, they fast flow don't fit every song....
When i see ppl saying its better than the original!!???ARE YALL DELUSIONAL its good but cmon
VIP my ride yeah this shit bigger than you
This shit gasssss ‼️
migo GANG quavo offset take takeoff
where the full remix??
*U2 - You’re The Best Thing About Me*
before 1 million here...
Millonarios 💙⚽
Whats happen to the german  radiostations  ? The play the old Hits but not this song i dont know why??? Im a high??
If You're An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
Wow!! Great video!! A great tribute to a great city..My Home sweet home....NYC!!! :-)
What is there to do in America in general, why is it needed?
Why am I walking away.  # lyrics just honest n real.  no bullshit. Tbh  as Bono sang.  last of the Rock Stars. when Hip Hop Drive the Big Cars. in the time of new  media.  was a big idea.
U2 THE BEST BAND. I LOVE YOU
When the man comes to town! Fuckin phoney rip off!\nDo like the melody though
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ said, whoever believes in me, I'll give them everlasting life.*\n*Whoever ask me, I'll will heal their bodies*
Greatness  fuckin greatness...and that doesnt come around much anymore
when are we gonna get those TSHIRTS
One of best song from U2 of the last years..
i'm 14 year old and i come frome France and i'm a fan of you guys :o ^^
What !!!! No caption for deaf people!!!! Been with U2 since Single Pride came out
Do a music video singing your other song called New York, and film it in New York. Make like a 90s feel to it, u know with the twin towers still standing :)
Walk on em Nova York
#teamCamaro what's up!! can't wait for more
MANTAAAAAAAP!! still one of the greatest rock band on earth!...shout out from Indonesia!!
they all look so good here ✌
Hi all, \n\nI am Jorge from Lima, Peru. \n\nMy brother and I recorded this new single called Nightmares and Dreams: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlR_Om_nqeo. \n\nWe appreciate your comments in advance and we hope you enjoy this new hit. \n\nThank You. \nPeace and Love
Younger sibling of Electrical storm.
War,rattle&hum,jaushatree after that thay turned in to a computerized pop band miss the old u2
I LOVE U2, you're awesome
Awesome.
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=54295
Cool Music!
Bad level
That pug's smile was contagious omg
Looks better than ever.
nice song..sounds glorious.
U2 wrote Miami
This music sucks.
AMAZINGG
This is soooo good
Bof...
Get the fuck out of New York while you still can!!! If you didn't get the message you are blind!
Opps got a bit political in the end!
1:53 best part of the video. Millonarios Shield!   )oo/M(   💙🇨🇴
I love Your smile in this video. I LOVE THIS SONG!I LOVE U2! I'm fan for 20 years and this song is great. Come to Poland, please! I miss You!
Thank God, they're back, you know it's a good U2 song when you get goose bumps and tears in your eyes.
The best song. I am be fond of U2. This song reminde lot of others. It is my opinion.
the BEST EVER, i'v been to all concerts in Vancouver, B.C.
When does Van Damme become a drummer???
Idolos
Bono sounds more like a girl with every new song. Weird.
Excellent shots of the Big Apple, Lady Liberty, and the Freedom Tower!!!!
Adam Clayton walking in NYC looks like Anthony Bourdain on one of his food travel shows in this video. : )
I love these guys...!!!\n💕 God bless U2 💕
They're still ALIVE!!! Even Bono is there! I really thought him dead! But where's the hat?
The Edge, what a voice!!
Could anybody transcript the speech in the end of the video... My English is not strong enough... I can only hear the separate words... (
Bono Has bad hair transplant. looks likechucky hair .\n\n\nby the way good song
I didn't really like this song until now I understand it... Can't wait any longer for a new album!!!
Only true fans will enjoy this, i'm included. Love this song.
Adam Clayton ❤🙌🙌 The BEST
excellence,this song is melodic not disappoint
U2 is the best thing abt me
😘😘😘😘😘
Hindipictur
Bono for president??
lindos!
Shite.
Sold to power
❤❤❤❤
omg I literally listened this for 10000times
#prayforlasvegas
beautiful moon.and beautiful song!
Greetings from Italy!
Brilliant song!
ALWAYS BONO WORDEFUL😍❤
Adam Clayton looks like Anthony Bourdain
perfecthomemedia.ro
9/11
I love U2!
Legends
Nice
Where's Trump Tower?
HOT GOG @ 0:24 ??????
pure awesomeness !
Good Music!! Congratulations U2!!
1:53 Grande Millos
Music is back
Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah!
I♡NYC
GREAT song! ❤ U guys!!
Thank you Bono 1:53. MFC
U2 are one of the best rock band ever, but I think this song is not that good.
Shocking song! Didn't buy the last album doubt Il buy this one!
How is U2 a thing
You're the BEST !! Forever U2
I really don't like this video. I get it, on the face of it. But I don't like it. And for all the charms, in particular from Bono...I don't get the charms.\nThe song I'm not sure about. Songs Of Innocence is great cuz it couldn't not be, but it's also near the bottom of the canon. I hope this album doesn't follow that direction, because waiting years for a U2 album means I should get something in the top 5.
I feel it lacks the energy of erstwhile U2, but I guess they're getting old... They should've made a more aggressive bass rhythm, Adam was severely under represented in the track...
Me encanta!!!😍
non c'è un cazzo da fare.. gli U2 sono la Musica in strumenti e ossa...
Should had quit when they were on top.
Welcome to México! Fuerza México!
U2 must take the title for the most boring band of all time. They haven't put out anything good in about 25 years.
Zzzzzzzzzz. Boring. Stale. Ha ha ha ha.
Like most comedians in Japan, 30-year-old Ike Nwala is an all-arounder. He does live shows with two different comedy troupes, appears on variety shows, and does commercials. He’s on TV just about every day, typical for a rising start in Tokyo. Probably the only atypical thing about Ike is that he’s black.\n\nWatch Next: Patton Oswelf Joke Theft Is No Laughing Matter - http://bit.ly/2xXQLci
to black guys speaking Japaneses in Japan thats a big deal
He said it right..Japanese are not racist they just don't know much about other cultures. Can't really blame them..it comes with time. It will get better.
This interview is awesome and seeing two black men speak Japanese is great! I'd like to see more like this.
star?but most japanese don't know who he is.
poor negro they are just laughing their asses at you cause you're black and its funny to them an entertaining ape in their eyes
Am a rare Mexican Pokemon. Willing to go in any pokeball.!!!
Japanese people appreciate foreigners if you respect their country and also learn their language.
Ee-kay.  That how you pronounce that name.
You mean Japan has a GOOD reputation when it comes to accepting foreigners. Not accepting any is the way to go.
Seriously VICE has a personal grudge against Japan. It's like most of their videos about Japan are filled with prejudice and bias.  Even when things might not be as bad as they seem VICE always find a way to exaggerate and portray something negative about Japan in their videos to suit their narrative. But then again VICE is like a product of Fake News and Buzzfeed's unprotected sex.
Not knowing is a central component to racism. They are racist. It's just that they have more rational to being racist since they live in a homogeneous society.
Of course he's Nigerian! Those people never fail to make me proud.  #africatotheworld
He got that Eddie hair line.
Love these culture videos. I recommend that you guys check out that video about the Chicano Culture in Japan. Very interesting.
The only people Japanese people LOVE ❤️ are European blond hair blue eyes. They will bow down for them. The others well that's another story 😏😏😏😏😏
I thought it was Tyler The Creator for a second. Imagine him rapping in japanese...
Hollyshittt !!! At 3:07 you can see Natsuki Hanae aka the voice actor of Ken Kaneki from Tokyo Ghoul and 9S from Nier Automata
Brotha needs a haircut ASAP! #whereisthehairline #please come back to America
The Vice dude'has real big hair.
Why Americans always brings up race?
This needed to be a lot longer.
Wtf is japan's tv quality thing is like 480p or 720p
There is They don't know! and there are: Not interested, Not my thing, Not us and finally: Don't really wanna know! For example Hip hop has been mega huge for decades and this guy living in one of the Mecca of technology thinks Japanese Don't know!? Are you kidding? Xenophobia! Maybe not as extreme as Korea! But!?
White Identitarians be like: what are doing Japan? You are ruining your pure genetic hegemony, this will lower your IQ average and you will end up Nigeria or or even worst....\n..Baltimore..\n..
OMG For Goldman Sachs....
He seems to be a very humble, clean-living & peaceful brother. He speaks fluent Japanese, understands and respects Japanese culture, and lives their Japanese ways, therefore, despite his outer appearance, he is most certainly one of them. He alone is broadening a population's perceptions through the power that is television. It's a marvelous thing to see.
He hit the nail on the head. He is a wonderful ambassador and he is whether others accept it or not opening doors to Japan becoming more appreciative of other cultures.
really cool to see this!
he seem like a chill dude
Yeah, I also have the weird issues with no one wanting to sit beside me because I am a foreigner (I thought it was because I smelled different).  Despite that, living in Japan is good and there are a lot of excellent opportunities if you know how to sell yourself. And he's doing a good job of it. \n\nIn the past, there were some other famous black comedians like Bobby and the guy that was really good at singing enka. There are a lot of passing fads and comedians... staying in the limelight is always really hard. \n\nAlso, I have lived here off and on for about 15 years and within the last say 5 years or so there has been a major increase in the number of foreigners and tourists due to the visa restrictions being removed on a lot of Asian countries.
havent i seen this before?
Foreigners speaking Japanese is so attractive to me
I swear I thought this guy was Josh from Just kidding news.
This guy is awesome and he's talented. Not much to do with his skin color to become a celebrity.
 he's a rare Pokemon LMFAO
What they don't tell you is that they make him act dumb all the time, sane with Bobby Olugun, and the other Black famous actors on Japan, to poke fun at Black people so it isn't as good as they make it seem
this guy is too cool
Isn't this video a replay from like five months ago?
the thing is Japanese girls like BBC
It may seem irrelevant but I must point out that on the daytime show oha sta he is the only male on the set wearing something ridiculous! Baby steps for equality I assume....
This will give a lot of filthy weeaboos  hope lmao.
Not only this guy but both Jero an Enka singer and Chris Hart  a J-pop singer are accepted and very popular in Japan as well.\nJapanese people might be xenophobia on the whole for sure, but seems like most of them are not racist.\nJust examine the Art Blakey's anecdote, or W.E.B.Du Bois' column he wrote for The Pittsburgh Courier.
dont accept multiculturalism japan, you'll regret it
I wish you could go into even more depth. Double this segment! Maybe Japan is more use to seeing white guys, but over in China that wasn't the case for me. Everyone would stare at me like I'm a walking museum. I would have people ask if they could take a picture with me at least once a week. Mind you, I wasn't living in the big major cities (Bejing, Shanghai, Guangdong). They'd get weirded out even more when I'd start speaking in Mandarin. They'd still try speaking English to me even when I'd respond in Mandarin. I definitely get what he's saying about the 'train thing' and no one sitting next to you. It's a bit weird...
Sadly no one will remember him by this time next year, like the formerly famous Atsugiri Jason.
Japanese :  oh my god, it a nergo
@0:18 \nRick? Is that you?
Boy! 2017, Trump is President and this guy is getting famous in Japan, anything is possible! Tune in next week to meet the juggling gay amputee couple that're taking Russia by storm!
Congrats on being made fun of dude
>used to work for goldman sachs\nKILL THE BOURGEOISIE
I THOUGHT THAT WAS JOSH FROM JKFILMS
Asians are obsessed with us, fym
The open seat thing on the train is the same in Scandinavia.
It felt weird seeing two black guys speak Japanese to each other whilst both knowing they know fluent English. No racism, just never saw that, I love it.
2 black guys speaking fluent japanese. I love this
I can be famous just for being black and speaking japanese.\n\n*on the fucking plane now*
they are not racists they just don't know wtf
A Brain and a Shell. The Brain can be trained to do anything. But we can't look pass the Shell, The Color.
Ok why is japan bad for not accepting so many foreigners??
Damn, these Vice reporters know so many languages it blows my mind. I can barely handle one, and they seem to know whatever needs to be spoken.
I'm not surprised, Nigerians are a vibrant community in Japan. If I recall I know of a Nigerian boxer whose a daytime talkshow host there and is also fluent in Japanese. I forgot his name but some may know it.
Breaking racial barriers in Japan. Very cool.
日本には肌の色での差別はないです。あるのは、日本人と外国人の区別だけです。\n\n日本のローカルな地方では外国人とコミュニーケーションを取る機会がまだまだ少ないです。なので、外国人はとても珍しいので、見られることはあるでしょう。避けられる事もありますが差別ではなく戸惑いです。それは、言語の問題など含め、コミュニーケーションを取る方法が思いつかないからです。\n日本人は排外的とイメージされますが、外国人が日本に観光に来る事は歓迎をしているのが多数派です。外国人が嫌いと言うことはないのです。\nまして、黒人だからという理由は無いです。\nただ黒人さんは仕事を探して来日する者も多く、より稼ごうと犯罪に絡む場合もあり印象を悪くさせている場合があります。アジア系や中東系も同じです。\n白人系は観光客が大半なので比較的に印象が良いままです。\nそのような印象の差はあると思います。
Bruh I respect your story and everything but what is up with that line up my guy? 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
That is weird, I've now seen 3 black guys speaking fluent Japanese in less than a week. 2 on this video, & one on some PBS show about Japanese textiles.
REALLY good video. I had NO idea things were like this over there.
The Token African Yeaaaaaa!
first sentance was utter bullshit do your research assholes
Heiren
I knew it, it's the new guy from Oha Star, yes, I love that guy! 😂❤️👍🏾
A rare pokemon... lol.
Aww i want one too 😎
Japanese people Don't Know is the WEAKEST excuse I have ever heard.
They basically be shinies
My god shes beatiful
He a mark
niggu?\nneegeiru?
What a trailblazer!
誰こいつ？
Guys the original Weaboo
why so short vice?
I like him.
good for you brotha! ✊🏾
He has nice lips
watching two african-american speaking japanese is unbeliveably priceless :'''DDD
MUST CATCH SHINY BLACK GUY
Oh lord a Japanese Coon
My cousin live in japan (shes black), when she goes out into the public people ask her Can i touch your skin? or Can i touch your kids?. What do you think about that?
No racist but class segregation  & discrimination, which is unfortunate in Japan.\nAlso Japanese shop owners are subject to yakuza protection. Women are still 2nd class.\nGood & bad in Japan.
They forgot to ask him the most important question. Who in the right mind leaves Goldman Sachs for some talent agency?
I am sick and tired of hearing about this multiculturalism bullshit everyday! Stop! just STOP!!!
*Two homosexual black I guess*
Many people hate perfumes in Japan. So when you come to Japan for sightseeing, we hope in half of usual.
you'll see, when Africa will be 4 times more populated by the end of this century, you'll regret to call them rare pokemon : Visiting Europe you'll only see blacks.
if i remember correctly there was a black samurai that worked for oda nobunaga and people from all around japan would go to see him to the point where some people got trampled to death, i think some servants of nobunaga when they first met tried to see if they could wash the black off of him, probably need some fact checking on that but im pretty sure those are things that happend
Sweet talk, “I don’t think Japanese are racists”. Dream on! Try to settle in Japan outside the world of entertainment ....
Nigga stole ma bike
How did he get so good at Japanese?!
日本語字幕も出してもらえたら嬉しかったです。
tbh Ella seemed more into nick kroll than the dudes on tinder
boris said he's getting too old and the word fuckboi in the same sentence
I loved this haha, this should be a show or something with nick as the host
2:57 why'd he read every single astrological name wrong lmao
Am I the only one that found Boris kind of creepy
Women aren't funny. And just goes to show that men really just wanna fuck other funny men with women's bodies.
Ruspen what are you doing? Get back to smack talk on the fantasy football leaderboards
Man has no face, man is faceless.
I would watch another 20 minutes of this
Boris is a lawyer and can't spell cheap right
Aww I love that she’s a fan of him! Must have been an awesome experience
God that was good.
can I have Boris' phone number?
6:35 I just cringed into the next dimension
dommy d did it better and first
Nothing will every beat Eric Andres episode
Ella, if you're looking for a short guy.. let me know.
Do one of these with Jason Mantzoukas
I love these so much!! More Tinder Takeovers!!!
After seeing the Eric Andre one these all suck
I'm in love.
I NEED TO KNOW HOW THINGS WENT WITH BORIS!
Why the fuck is this so entertaining? 😂
I'm laughing so hard. omg this is hysterical
a guy that works out like once a week bitch that person does not exist and if he does he probably has the bmi of seth rogen
Aww, this has been my favorite one of these
LOOL I could watch him mediate people's Tinder profiles for daysssss
All I want to do is find out what the guy would do if he could change the alphabet
Yesssss Nick Kroll is the best
Yoo Boris got game tho 👀
Only Nicks with a k are allowed. I love the tribute photo to you and John and I would've guessed old ladies as well if it weren't for the tuna.
It's based off our names.
I love his advice at the end basically.... its so very true .... i love Nick Kroll so much, even more now
Her voice and laugh is amazing
That chortle at 4:10...\nI'd reply to a DM from you, Nick. \nYou're not quite old enough to be my daddy so I can assure you that's at least one awkward moment we won't have.
HOW WAS YOUR LABOR DAY
9:58 - this guy likes The Grateful Dead. Still   //  Savage.
7:32 my thoughts and prayers to my man Stefan. He never had a chance.
Still waiting for one of these videos with the genders reversed.. Seriously, I can't imagine half of the shit that is said in this video getting a laugh with the genders reversed.
Haven't laughed so much in a *long* time
Boris really needs to get over his grammar fetish.
i really wanna see ella and boris go on a date they seem to have a nice sense of humour
Wow you swiped left on the Asian without any comment.
Bryan, 25. Phish, The Grateful Dead.... First pic is me and the best  mom in the world at a show. We go to a ton of concerts together HAHA, Tinder is fucking full of weirdos
Y'all see that tuna?
It's crazy Ira annnnd the DOUCHE!!
He's the nicest one they've had on there. Also can't use a phone.
I wanted to see what her friend answered back
What a nice guy Nick is.
Once a week haha what a strange way to describe the kind of physical set you're looking for in a man.
This guy likes the Grateful Dead. STILL hahaha omg I love it
😂 nope that's been on my tinder ellaaa.. OH HELLO BE MY FRIEND ELLA
this guy's not funny irl & it's sad because you can tell he tries really hard unlike eric andre
Are they getting hooked up or what? I'm pretty sure he was flirting, and she liked that shit.
That's the least assholey I've seen Nick Kroll act.
Nick Kroll is a national treasure.
Can you imagine if you saw yourself on this video haha
He starts talking about how it's okay to mess up on a text right after he sent one that started with I will I am tall.
why does his forehead look like a hydraulic press crushed it
Hey, I don't have kids . But I'll put one in ya 😂😂💀
I'd pay to see Tinder Takeover with Jeff dunham
Man I haven't laughed this hard in ages!
I just realized that I have a crush on Nick Kroll. wow
He was so much more sweet and thoughtful than anyone else.
God, I love Nicky Kroll.
Ella is actually super cute
Nick Kroll is a pedo
Excellent!
11:11 minutes long.
Wow I ship them
Best one yet!
Who watches Big Mouth!!!😂❤️
yo she cute
i fucking love nick kroll
BAHAHAHA i love him i would totally fuck him omgg🙈❤️
Better than amy chumer?
Ella looks like Essena O'Neill!!!
ella is fcking adorable
ffuck you vanity fair
I love these tinder takeover videos!!
whats wrong with liking the grateful dead??
the douche?
nick + ella <3
Ohhhh you molest dogs
Try to get John Mulaney
hit me up on tinder Ella
Cyrano de Borat?
KROLL how did you miss saying Bye Bye Birdy 9:48
Excellent
Oh, hello!
Oh Hello.
hot new \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TiPsTXcakBY
Love this guy!
AMAZING
8:30     did she fart?
Nick is my favorite.
She funny too tho
Boris FTW! 👏👏👏👏👏👏
Ella should date Nick
PLEASE have Chris D'elia on!! he's too funny and amazing not to use for things like this
I'll pay for that wall and build it with my own hands! Tony Ferguson
Just one wicked Werdum knee on T-Ferg’s chin and he’s done like Lombard, when Hendo put his lights out...
Mcgregor te va asesinar baboso engreido
Whack the bag..pick the ankle..whack the bag..\nHey,Fabricio!You like Dragons?\nNo,nothing..it's just..in a minute I'll be dragon these balls right across your face,you fagatito..Ooouuh
Ferguson dog ass ... lol
very rude of Tony Ferguson since the beginning.
byeee Felicia hahah gotta love fergy lol
Wearing glasses and a hood  on the hat !! Very nervous , uncomfortable and scared . Duhhh
Tony trying to act like he was gonna do something !!!! Werdum would of dismantle him!!!!
Werdum was about to KO his ass... lol
Ferguson has been a tool since he came on the scene on TUF. Dudes a kook
I love Werdum so much for this hahaha
I can't wait to see his fight I like Lee to. But I am not sure he is ready for Ferguson!
So now you want to bring up weight difference when Werdum stands up?  Now it's an issue when you get put in your place.  I guess Tony  had some second thoughts  then he vents  his emotions to people around him like Paulie after Conor
Sou fã do werdum mano! Kkkkkk ele é sinistro!
Tony is a G.Real
Ferguson pau no cu do carajo!!!
Animo cukuy Ferguson
Tony Ferguson💪💪 goat
Fabricio bad energy werdum
Werdum would kill tony...
Ferguson=Honeybadger\n\nWerdum=Tiger
That douche
Weight classes, judges, ppv ruin the UFC
É isso aí werdum. Acabá com esse cu de cachorro kkkkkkk
Tony Black Energy Ferguson
Whoa tony, easy man, thats werdum, the guy that subbed fedor and tuned up and subbed cain.
hold on I'm talking brother -- what a preppy, street thing to say. Some elements of hood in here.
Tony vs Werdum could have happened in the old UFC days.
I didn't know Kev is Mexican?!
If Werdum can beat Cain, he can easily swat Tony around.
Tony really trying to be Conor 😂
Verdum is a coward picking I fight with a smaller fighter
So what got in Werdums panties? Dude was more trigger then anything ive seen in awhile.
Tony is so Bs, he not even could make a point on the interview   After almost got crushed by Verdun, super funny 🤣🤣
he's channeling conor..lol.....why not.
LOL  I doe say nutin cause I'm heavy weight oh no
I don't like fake people coming from ferguson is the biggest irony ever
have fun fighting on my undercard.    -Ferguson.
I think verdum has a ADHD problem, this guy is not matured
Ferguson doesn't think he's fake? He has one of the most affected, uncomfortable, personalities in the UFC. Everything about him is fake
Tony doesn't know how to speak Spanish
Tony looked like  a hobbit next to verdum. I like Ferguson and hope he wrecks Kevin Lee.
werdum would kill him in 10 seconds
Werdum picks on smaller guys to make himself feel better for that 1st round KO loss to p4p king #stiopic #immigrantmentality
Hahaha Ferguson is out of his mind. He looks stressed out for some reason, werdum can probably brake his arms and put him in coma in seconds.
Now I want to watch Kevin Lee and Derrick Lewis to win their fights for sure.
why did tony say that thing about kicking werdums ass there mustve been some background story here
Werdum would of killed his ass
I would have to go with werdum whooping his ass
Someone tell me what werdum was saying  please
UFC fans should go back too WWE.\nWAAAAAAH WAWAWA WAAAAH beta
Ferguson wouldn't do that to just anybody, it's because of Werdum's manager who is also Khabib's manager. What Ferguson did wrong is involving Werdum but it's understandable. If I had a problem with your friend and I saw you with him of course I could have issues with you too. Khabib and his manager have messed around with Ferguson's career by wasting his time and costing him his biggest payday, of course he hates anybody attached to him. He isn't doing this just to be an ass hole without reason.
aiai.. sou brasileiro...\n\ne achei a atitude do Werdum uma grande babaquice, tão ruim quanto à do outro idiota chamado Ferguson.\n\nComo dizia o poeta: o inferno e o cemitério estão cheios de valentões...'
Ferguson se acha a estrela... só que não ...
https://youtu.be/eHmbO6s1DmU
Damn tony keeping his composure . That's dope
Go agent smith
Cabron hahahhaha i like his Spanish
Fabricio is a slimeball .
We're gonna just pretend like Werdum didn't just try to cut him off mid sentence?
Smelly Brazilian like his country..
tony carayusen
Werdum's jealous of Ferguson's gourmet green juice.
subtitles would be good
Fabricio 110 kg Tony 70 kg.
El cucuy 😍😜👹
Kkkkk
CÚ DE CACHORRO KKKKKKKKKKKKKK
tony dark matter ferguson
Tony hijo de tu puta madre ferguzon
Tony made werdum take a few steps back when he stood up
What i'm trying to say is... What I'll like to say is... hahaha
I'll ankle pick you...that was funny.
dont mess with brazilians or they will pull out your teeth! 😂👊
Werdum can kill Ferguson in a 10 seconds
wtf is tony talking about.. he doesnt like people who dont run as hard as him and those who didnt give him ice for an ice bath?
Its impossible not to like Werdum
Lol i think the mistake is in the interviewer\nWhy they interview both guy in the same place with different question and camera lol
lol ankle pick werdum? werdum would crush your throat in a heartbeat
maybe cos Tony cutting 30lbs while Werdum can eat popeyes with DC cos he got 265lbs allowance
Why is Tony Ferguson is built like Crash Bandicoot? lol
1:18 Ferguson to Werdum: Shut up before I ankle pick you!!\n\nYea good luck with that homie. \nLmfao
Werdum is right...Tony is different in front of camera...
If you look close...Tony Ferguson has bigger hands than Werdum WTF???
why does verdum say i dont like bisping all the time
Thought Ferguson handled himself well.
Hahah Werdum picking a fight in 3 languages
Fergie ferg trying to hype himself like mcgregor does. Cringy.
Hey have fun fighting on my under card LOL end of battle.
Since he appeared in TUF he showed he was a piece of crap
Werdum said conor would tee off on you
Cara como eu ri do Werdum,isso é homem de verdade lutador por isso  que gosto dele kkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Stfu werdum.. Or Stipe will come there and crash u like a blob
Damn! Tony's Spanish is awful!!! Werdum is such a tool! I hope Lewis KO  him the fudge out!!!
Tony Fergunson is a great fighter.\nBut he acted like a douchebag on this one. He was the one who idiotically provoked this beef.
Werdum switched to Spanish to Portuguese real quick! Guy is truly gifted with speaking all these different languages at one time lol
Tony u not even close to what verdum has achieved..SFU
That idiot should learn how to speak English  stupid no respect   have some class and be civilised  you stupid puta   English English English if you can't speak English don't speak rubbish lol lol lol looser
Lets's translate this
The gottis are low lifes and i am thrilled that they dont have the power to order murders anymore. Junior was trying to cut a deal the old man was a hypocrite what a shame to glamerize there life.
Knowing he's gay...I cant take john travolta acting in action film seriously...
He's king of the dance floor at 2001 in Brooklyn!!
Sry just cant take this seriously with john...all the italians and they picked him
Not at all excited.
a SCIENTOLOGIST playing gangster...no fucking thanks. fuck this creepy brainwashed fuck head.
i heard jonni travolti sucks penis for hobby. and even has fucked this indian dude in sanfrancisco i met on a bus.
Looks terrible! Dialogue is clunky and looks like was filmed outside of NYC to save money.
I read about this becoming a movie in like 2012.. looks way good
Cannot wait to not watch this shit movie
Tom Sizemore played the best Gotti in Witness To The Mob, hands down.
I'm sorry john doesn't even resembles gotti not one bit.
Why would anyone be interested in a movie portraying a scumbag. All these gangs run back to the Vatican, which is run by the Jews, the SAME people responsible for lying to you all about this. YOUTUBE - FLAT EARTH ADDICT 05.
I MIGHT have watched this if it was a Scorsese​ joint...but it aint and if the half fag travolta is as shitty as gotti as he was as robert shapiro then this will be shit...but you might get the pulp fiction travolta...who knows??\n\nIn the ppl vs oj mini series i actually crringed every time the camera was on him leaving me feeling nauseous. I assume shapiro is a douche...but revolta made him look like the king of fags..the only blemish on an otherwise flawless cast.\n\nIronicly..like the real shaprio in the actual trial.. revolta probably earned the biggest undeserved payday ..by a longshot.
FINALLY a mob movie. I've been waiting for Making Jack Falcone for years. This will do 😁
Finally a good mob movie is coming out
This looks really bad, like ABC afternoon special bad. I think Robby Benson to play Gotti. would be no different then Travolta. Joe Pesci, Im glad you did not participate.Yessiree,straight to Betamax and VHS tapes.
Hopefully John Travolta can keep his tongue out at some dudes mouth
Is this a joke? OMG this looks so stupid. Travolta could never top Armand Assante.
Holy shit, I better get my own fucking shine box.
I wonder if they're going to show him taking out Tommy Disemone.
But I'm excited about this one
robert shapiro has a new movie... hum...
Assante definitely under rated especially in the gotti role
Why did they choose such an asshole for such a cool movie?
The original with Armand Assante was great, this looks like shit.
stop putting that homo John travolta in man roles
the only difference between organized crime and CIA/FBI...CIA/FBI can get away with killing far more people...\nOne is no difference than the other.
Every good scene shown in the trailer SMH.  Told through the eyes of victoria. Who also says  daddys a angel. Lol.
why is this Cock addict still getting acting Jobs.
Let’s get it 🙏🙏🙏
I wanna see this
Wow what is this John travolta and arnold swartwichernator
I will wait to come out on Redbox a week after it opens in theaters
Apparently Travolta thought he could do it better. Not the first movie where he had to be in a same/similar movie as a prior one that was deemed a success. He had to be in Ladder 49 because of Backdraft.
Where yo got to lol
0:51 is the same scene as Donnie Brasco
Lol they couldn't have picked a better john gotti.jonh Travolta 👍
John travolta is a faggot scumbag. Hope he sustains a career ender fr fr
John Travolta as Goti,thats funny . What does\nGrab the mans ass after or before the hit.
Kelly Preston is still a bombshell
although a really bad movie the closest character portrayal of Gotti was Tom Sizemore in 'Witness to the Mob' according to people who knew John Gotti in person.\nBut the movie was based by the book of  Sammy The Bullshit Gravano'
No way its gonna be better than the HBO's one
The shills are out in full force here.
Since Travolta is in it, it should be named, Gotta love cock.
n the 600 people who thumbs down middle finger up to u :) movie gonna b fire of course not gonna tell everything n gonna b some of their own twist but the title says Gotti \ncould have said mafia man or some shit like that but by sayin his name yea..bout time some real shit like this hit the movies other than marvel or DC
I didn't know Gotti was gay.........heyoooooooooo
Gotti was a piece of shit.  Let's go see a movie about him so we can see people get murdered with guns.  That's what it's all about right?  God bless American film.
I'm sorry but I'm not going to c it. the HBO movie was on point. the only way I would c it. if Robert dinero and Joe pesci and/or al pacino was in it. add ray too..
The return of a good Travolta 🙄
Doesn't compare to the Hbo version.  Armand Assante nailed it as Gotti!  Watch the Hbo version!
The old one is more real
Give this man a oscar
Ppl have nuthin else to do but put fake shit i swear
Is John Travolting still alive? Take him, and give us back Harry Dean Stanton please..
Armand Assante did an excellent job playing Gotti in the HBO movie. Hopefully Travolta can do just as good.
Should have got a better actor
Horrible. Couldn't get anyone but some closet queen to play this role ??
Nice change of pace for the Scientologist king
& in Real Life His Rat Bastard... Sammy the Bull is Out Of the Joint as of Last Monday!
Iwant to see the movie... Travolta always puts something interesting over his acting..
Idk about this on Travolta is not intimidating just think about Greece and you laugh in the with the facial features looks bad
This looks like a dub of godfather
travolta is not fit for this role, i cant take him seriously, hes not gangster
Gotti is a bitch next to el Chapo Guzman
For a guy that dosen t look like Gotti Travolta pulled it off . Noticed some familiar faces in the cast .
Thanks to the big mouth Gotti idiot and his stupid off spring, the Italian Mafia is all done along with the embarrassment of what actually occurred.  Now, movies and books and interviews are their mode for making money.  No heart, culture or pride.
America has a thing for this gangsta shit... Americans glorify and hate gangsters at the same time ahahaha
I watched the movie on [ bit.ly/2xyHW6p?720p ] and it's a good movie!
Toda la película entera en el trailer? para que la voy a ver ahora?
Lame
love
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=54860
Who woulda thought a fanook would play gotti!!!
Yea idk bout this one😒😒😒
John travolta is giving me Robert De Niro vibes
DEEZ NUTS
Travolta?  Really?\nGimme a break.  Travolta as Gotti is about as believable as Carrot Top as JFK
Lame
What  about lucky luciano
bad casting
Fucken Amazing. Can’t wait.
A gay Gotti?
Finally, a mobster movie.
Could be cool
HELL YES, this looks BADASS
He DOSENT even look like Gotti smh fuck Hollywood
Another white criminal being glorified lol
you cant beat Amand Assanti as Gotti
Another Mafia movie?? Total Snooze fest...Yawn!!.
DEEZ NUTS ha ha gotti
0:31\nDiscount Tom Hardy?
feel like john gotti
afford landing broker perfect practice tactic fire hug coffee pattern.
Glorifying crime. 👎
非常好看
Travolta might pull it off
HA, GOTTI!!!
John is gay
Thanks sweep between akcds circle heat versus toilet advocate sky gray exception
Made a fortune appealing to the natural instincts of humans. Right on man
His. Last. \nWord\nWas\nIts\nGetting. Hot.\nIn. Here😈😈😈😈😈
Their is a video of Hugh Hefner, rejecting the call to accept JESUS CHRIST, by Victor The Baptist; on youtube, What does it profit a man to gain the 🌎 world to lose his soul, Mark 8:36!!!!
Hugh Hefner's last words: *Oh God, the flames, I''m burning!!!!!!*
DIRTY PEDOPHILE!!!!! WHAT HAPPENED TO HIS CASE , RAPING 5YEARS OLD???????????????
So all of those scantily clad Playboy bunnies need a place to live now? And all that I need is a mansion??? And then they can all come and live with me and I'll be in heaven??? Thank you JESUS!
Hugh hefner died still an IMPERFECT MAN, seen as a pervert and just fully degraded woman..
He destroyed to many families
Not many men were  so lucky to be surrounded  by so many beautiful  women . Hugh Hefner is one of them. RIP Hefner.
If the Bible is not true then He lived his life king size! \nBut since the Bible is true... he is called Though Fool according to the Bible no immoral person will enter the kingdom of heaven!!\nThose who have walked after their flesh and it's desires will NEVER!! ENTER THE KINGDOM OF GOD!!\nAre you laughing 😂 because you don't believe?????\n\nSame thing Hugh did! \nSad to say the suffering he has entered I wish it no one!!!\n\nRepent love Jesus He died for you!!\nDon't follow Christianity but follow Jesus!!
He live the life only most men only dream about, and he heard he being buried next to Marilyn M.
He sold his soul to the devil.   What does it profit a man if he gains the whole world and loses his soul.
FORGIVE ME GOD!! I am so glad he is finally gone. He was a deviate and worshipper of money and perversions. He made young girls stray of the path of righteousness with his trickery and illusions. He was one of Satan better imps. Using the rabbit as his symbolic to the under world. Look up the symbol of the rabbit. To in depth to get into but he was not what he seems to the sleeping sheep.\nChurch should never be separated from anything as the direction in which sheep are going proves. WAKE UP GOD BLESS US ALL. Just another liberal trash
What a great man! So sad seeing him go😒😰
Hugh had a very sweet mother! Investing in her sons business!
Rest in peace
polygamist pervert pedophile
Hi...   YE!!! ,SIR!!!,,,\n      R.I.P. MR.HEFF😇,\n      ANDTHANK YOU!!! 👯.
Heff lived to the fullest!
Hugh Hefner was murdered/silenced so that he couldn't name Hollywood peadophiles in a plea deal.
I never got to meet him:(
Got married, had a daughter, had a midlife crisis, then decided his life was missing something. He started a magazine that glorifies the objectification of women. Then got divorced, got rich, and died. Was it worth it?
Although I don’t approve of pornography and I am not a fan of Mr. Hefner, I’m sorry that he died.
very wicked evil man, he caused so many people to fall into sin because of his iconic sinful influence, the devil was and still is his father even in death. hes now reaping what he sowed now, hugh hefner is merely a proverb for mankind to learn of what NOT to do. its a shame that he chose to throw away his soul and how he lived to continue to not genuinely care for other peoples hearts and souls, not even his own son, he was a bad role model for so many things, he threw away his role as a father, husband and man in general, please learn from this mans selfish way of life, run to Jesus.
It took me a long time to like hugh hefner.
Well, at least he wasn't a hypocrite. There's more mercy from God for straightforward bad people than for liars and hypocrites. Nevertheless, let's hope he repented at the last, because otherwise there'll be no RIP for poor, pathetic Heff.
There goes the last sane man on earth.
HEFFF IM MISS YOU GAVE MY LITTLE BROTHER FIRST PLAYBOY.
RIP Heff. Like once he said Life is too short to be living somebody else's dream.
Well if he did make it to heaven.....then all the rest of us are safe when our time comes!
Does anyone no about the hidden bunny on the cover you have to look hard to find it but I want to no is why and when it started my wife was reading a article in one of mine when she ask did you no about the Playboy Bunny hidden on the cover I said no she showed it it has a hint were to find it we stared looking every month one was hard a girl had blond hair they made the bunny with it this was around the same time China was on the cover can't recall if she was playmate I didn't get it for some time after but we went in the store every month to look for the bunny we were friends with the store owner they ask what we were doing we told they said it was ok just not to open or rip the plastic if it's a secret cool if not I'd like to no I'll keep looking
This man is a great example of gain the whole world but lose your soul..
CERTIFIED AMERICAN BADASS #5\n               HUGH HEFNER\nStop-Motion Animation Comedy dedicated to The Gentleman About Town - Hugh Hefner
Man if only he knew that throught the world for more than 5 decades he was responsiable for the hapiness of a lot of  young men ... I myself was one who used to spend a lot of time in the rest room just reding playboy.
14:20 the ultimate Alpha males.
A lot of the girls I've fallen in love with. What's love got to do with it? Orwellian dementia.
My daughter in law loved Hugh Hefner. He was a great business man. He showed people you can do anything no matter where they come from. He lived a great  lifetime
You Go Hugh. Singular man accomplishing great business.
This was created before he died
talk about revenge on the first chick who cheated
....it's hot down here.
I believe in exactly what Hughe Hefner believes in; something good, magical, and exciting, yet unconscious.
So basically he got red pilled after rejection and cucked. And the rest is history
He Used women and in the end women used him....Karma.
Thanks for the good childhood memories❤️
Clint eastwood is going to be the next to go
No such things as the last words of Hefner! Ain’t a titty that will come out a bra that you can’t thank hugh.....
Hugh created a media empire that revolved around the objectification of women, and made it seem intellectual and hip to do so. We should not idolize him.
He did all this to get back at his wife nice
The real moral of the story:\nFirst and foremost, a number of girlfriends are easier than one wife.
oddly i expect his empire is bancrupt ... but his reputation allowed him to survive in the last years ~
1963. 3. BRIAN. RAPP.  BLONDE.  JENNY. MAXWELLS.   ELLIE.  BLUE. HAWAII.  SON.  WE. HAD.  BDAY. S.   THE. LUAU.  BH. CA.    BAMBOO. BAR.  USC. QB. DAD.   PAUL. RAPP.  USED.  ME.   AS.  BAIT.  AND.  HARVEY. JACOBSON.  USED. ME. AS. BAIT.   WITH. THE. JFK.   PLAYBOY.   BLONDES.   #1. 1963. MISS.   APRIL.   DADS. GIRLFRIEND.  JILL. KELLY.  RULES.  THE. LUAU.  AND. BH. PD.   #1.  LUTENET. LYNN.  FRANKLIN.  AND. LUIE.  AND. ALFRED.   1963.  1966.  PAUL. RAPP.  DIRECTS.   ME. THE. WILD. ANGELS.  ON. MY. SKWIKY. TRIK.  HERO. PETER. FONDA.  SMOKEING. A. JOINT.  canyonlocalfilmscom.  
Dad : What do you wanna grow up to be ?\nMe: Hugh Hefner.
RIP to the man
Say Hi to John Holmes, let him know Ron Jeremy is taking care of unfinished business down here where he left off.  Rip playboy
HUGH HEFFNER HELD CIA  ,DEMON ,WORSHIPPERS AND A SATANIC PROMIS , AND SACRIFICE , OMG SACRIFICE TO THE DEVIL
At least he  does not need Viagra to get stiff anymore.
#DicksOutForHef
A full pledge  Narcissist
Hustler > Playboy\nFlynt > Hefner\nOvert Perverseness > Covert Pedophilia
sad pathetic senile old man
∆
Who cares
14:58 minute word
R.I.P Heff
THANK YOU, HEF!  😎
Women are NOT sexual objects they are Human beings with feelings, talents and deserve to be treated with respect and not used for the pleasure of the Male Supreme.  They are the bearers of life, and the authors of Love and have a natural spirituality.  Women are to be loved and repected as the Nurtures of society, not used for the Male Supremacy that this world promotes.
R.I.P. HEF
https://www.facebook.com/DavidJHarrisJr/videos/1961884260690721/
Legend
The real Playboy🤘
A real OG
RIP sexist pig
Sleazy
Perverted Pedophile! ....Gone! ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7UL1gTE--Y
WORLDAASS NEWS. MY REGRETS HUGH
Good riddance to bad rubbish.
He saw the goodness in others...helped so many people and animals...He was there with Tea, Sympathy, and Hospitality when one needed a Friend...!!
How many young men would look at his magazine and have unrealistic expectations for a woman especially after child birth. The world is a better place with him dead
Hef was indeed on his own right a trailblazer breaking the taboos and moraes of American Society.He really set the standard and brought a relax element to Americans men and women alike there is only one Hef.
I can't help but wonder where you spend your eternity and did anyone tell you the sinners prayer in your old age or did they just like you for your money
no matter how many women and how much money he had, he finally died.
Life is like you dip the tip of your finger in a cup of water and take it out,  all the money, all the girls, all his property, left behind, now he's in darkness alone he took nothing with him, except his deeds. Life is short, lets work for the after life instead.
HIs life was all a lie. He may have had fame and money, but it was all a superficial.
Sadly, he is not in heaven with God.
Watch America suddenly go into a new age of purity
The good ones always die too young.
He died with a stiffy
Can anyone from these sick twisted comments politely explain to me how is this man an example or anyone's missed one? what is his legacy he left to YOU? HOW IN ANY WAY HE HAS SHOWED ANY GOOD THING TO THIS WORLD ?
Life is just vanity and chasing after wind. But to lie that he was not into it for the money is untrue. May his soul RIP.
This guy is my God \nr.i.p Hef
He was a sexual predator,  used his money to control silly young women
There is No Rest or peace for the unrepentant sinner. Only a fearful Judgment. God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that everyone believing in Him should not PERISH but have Everlasting life.
Hugh's last words: Jesus, I want to ask for your......  uhhhhhhhh.  \nDon't worry, I hear it's a dry heat down there.  lol
NOW!!!   How it all gets divvyed up!  Who gets what?  Lets play the Family Feud!
What a life! He boinked the hottest women on the world all his life and became rich doing so. He continued this until he was 91! Awesome! RIP.
Im sure that the devil has a special cell for this animal.....
Some militant feminists and the highly religious may think that Hef doesn't deserve to go to Heaven, But I say he's already been living in Heaven for the last 60 odd years (am I right guys ? nudge nudge wink wink). Still one does have to wonder, is it possible that Heaven may actually be a bit of a let down for Hef, given the life he's been living? LOL & RIP.
Sexist pig! Ugh...
CeRmEt Is NoT aN sHiH tZu. cErMeT iS tRiGgErEd 😡
I love Mamries face when he sang about Hanna. She got so protective of her friend, that was adorable <3 Plus seeing Jenna Marbles dying was also hillarious :D
Mamrie is ready to fight him
I still want to download this
When you decide to go full savage
Yutubers think they're celebrities and when they get the slightest critique, they get offended and can't laugh at themselves. If these were actual celebrities everyone would have been dying. Smh.
Is it still considered a roast if it's true?
I low-key think Jon finds Connor attractive😂😂😂(he likes to mention him!
i can't handle this what a fucking savage
i mean.. boy haven't i laughed-cried-table slapped in a while...!
Jon is my spirit animal!!\nLiza is such a great person, she's laughing through it all omg I love her 👏🏻😂\nHE MENTIONED DODIE IM SHOOKETH
Always love Jon Cozart for these things😈😜
GIVE ZERO FXCKS AND I GOT ZERO CHILL IN ME
thE SHANE DAWSON PART HOLY SHIT
*D A M N*
Gabbie yelling YEAHH!! he when says they're New York Times best sellers
I don't even watch Jon Cozart and I think he's fucking hilarious
Dodie and stevie are holding hands.That's so cute.
*reads title* let’s see you try Jon \n*end of video* well damn
i dont get the end memoriam joke..?
Mamrie is going to murder Jon for roasting Hannah!
Can we all talk about Dodie's hand on Stevie's thigh?
John is a Youtube hero Youtube doesn't deserve but need.
I didn't get he Jenna Marbles diss, can someone explain it to me?
so ....... for someone who doesnt know anything about this award show ....is the punch line here is that the streamy award is bad???
I've seen this like 15 times. I learned the lyrics and sing along with him. IT'S AMAZING
As usual Jenna's the only one who knows how to have a good time
the A list of the D list 😂
OMFG HE JUST ENDED THEM ALL
OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS
THE START, SHAYCARL , MY JAW FELL ON MY TOES
Lilly or Liza anyone?\nlike = Liza \nReply = Lilly\nLike and Reply = Both
when he says 'roasted' he means white people trying to cook anything at a barbeque
He's totally Neil Patrick Harris
HE CAME AND HE CONQUERED WITH THAT SHIT ROFL LOVE YOU JON <3
dodies was the tamest but probably hurt the most
I died at the Shay Carl part
He is a dickkk
HAHAHAHA this is so good
Finally a reason to watch  the streamys
HANNAH’S FACE WHEN HE ROASTED HER IS SO AMAZING IM DEAD😂😂
The one with who shaycarl is texting really got to me but I couldn’t stop laughing
I was surprised when he mentioned Dodie seeing as they possibly dated in the past haha
Is there an instrumental version of this
THE SHAY CARL ONE I CANTTTT
i bloody love this
That first one about shaycarl was good I started yelling oh
I don’t get Tyler Oakley’s part
I need a teeny tiny Jon cozart to carry around so he could be roasty-sassy narrating my life x)
Jon: When you ask Who's that cutie with the big brown eyes? I say that's *Thomas Sanders* 
Liza was dying when she was called out
Why is everyone shaming the audience for being stuck ups when they're obviously muted? You can clearly see them laughing and reacting and applausing through the whole thing.
I can help but think of Jon Cozart as a bad ass mix of bo burnham and John mulaney
he literally burned them to death
Jon was absolutely brilliant, he should host every year. Pity the audience were filled with people so full of their own self importance.
Hit a High At The Tyler Oakley part Than downhill
DAMN JON, DAMN
Savage
Hannah Hart's face was hilarious omg
I was dying
So what did ShayCarl do?
DRAG THE BITCH!!!
Damn, tough crowd
Omg I wish I could read mamries lips
Liza puts so much effort into her outfits for award shows and David just wears a shirt and jeans
He's such a fuckin savage honestly I adore him, he's got no shame
Jake Paul is like Hillary Clinton
jon is a legend, what a shame most of these youtubers had a stick too far up their asses to recognize it
Jon Cozart is the best!
fuck savage af
Is he ever gonna upload a video on his channel again?
They all take themselves so seriously wow. Jon was amazing!
Jon cozart is still alive 😂😂😳
I saw Stevie Wonder <3
the dodie roast tho lmao
I love Jon Cozart 😂♥️
100 layers of daddy issues holy shit 😂
I'm shook
marmie lookin fab damn
holy SHIT amazing timing and delivery.
Omg was that Ned by Jenna????
Jesus christ
the shay carl joke was craazzzyyy
Cute fire
Omfg I love Jon Cozart😂❤️😂❤️
holy shit
THIS WAS SO SHADY IM LIVIN
I love this
This is HILARIOUS.
2:07
<3 Lovely.
Yesss Jonathan yassssss
OH SHIT
Wow that started dark
That Shay joke was toooo real omg
I LOVE YOU OMG
Is that Tessa brooks ant 3:10
OMG THE BIT ABOUT SHAYCARL
Jon Cozart is still alive?
Why would you bring up BLACKFACE NOT OK! AND I THINK SHANE APOLOGIZED FOR THAT AND REGRETS THAT!
This is amazing advice but it's very situational. Don't do this with a narcissist, or anyone who is emotionally immature. In both childhood and adulthood I've expressed when I'm hurt to my parents, and their immediate reaction was denial, rejection and gas-lighting. Rarely will they apologize and soften up. My mother, who adores being the victim in any circumstance, can never bring herself to a proper apology, it is always I'm sorry you misinterpreted what I said to anyone and everyone.... If you practice this with these type of people, it can draw up a lot of resentment and make it harder to open up (or be open) to someone who is genuinely emotionally there for you. So yes, good advice, but be careful. The supportive and emotionally vulnerable girlfriend is not always the reaction. Sometimes she'll lash out and say you're making her out to be the villain.
My only qualm:\n\nI know it's stupid, but...\n\nNo. It's not stupid to feel unimportant when you're trying to have a conversation about something that matters to you with someone that matters to you. It's not stupid to feel hurt or to ask to have just a moment of their undivided attention😕
*I want to address the line: I have a big ego by asking you for your attention, forgive me.* Asking someone for their attention doesn't mean you have a big ego, it simply means you want to connect. If said person has abruptly stopped conversing with to play Candy Crush or Facebook, that is fine, you can leave them be and have the conversation another time or you can ask them for their attention. _I feel that should be said. if you think I am wrong then by all means, critique me.
Is not so easy! Because at that moment you are so annoying!! Feelings are difficult to manage😕
The face the woman in the thumbnail is making is the definition of the bitch face.  That's Anita Sarkeesian in every video thumbnail ever
These videos are wonderful. I love how you show a little piece of what could have been any one persons life and then show how to improve upon the relationship. However, I feel like it's always a romantic couple arguing, and while a lot of people are very close to their partners, a lot of people also need fixing in family and friendships. I would like to see that represented, like if any of you (commenters and viewers) would too. I hope you guys at the school of life see this too, have a nice day
brief Does anybody  understand  one's better  this ore  .
Honesty even if I open up and show my hurt we still end up fighting
The actors were amazing at fake fighting!
This video might have saved something in my life... we'll see
Okay now I need to be in relationship to try this
Disclaimer:: assumption made--- the other one is sane..lol
well done!  hard to be vulnerable.
Fucking stupid. Yeah, just be stronger, it will help. Wasting my time.
The very part where he said I am a fragile being. he as an actor couldn't take it sereously, because he forced himself not to grin on it... He knows how exaggerated that script is. xD And she smiled on that too. She is so happy to know that he is fragile.\nEitherway - being realy honest with each other and towards others nowdays is very difficult, because people judge and some partners do that too and they keep on hurting their spouse instead of listening that much. It depends on the individual...
This is so real. I thought it was just me who wanted to hurt the ones I love when feeling mysterious hurt. Thank you for this amazing video!
When I first watched this video, I thought I realized where I went wrong with a friend/love interest that I lost very recently.\nThen I read the comments and a lot of people had similar experiences as myself.\nI've finally realized I've done this with my friend. I did this with my friend. I showed vulnerability. I showed hurt. I was calm. I told her I wanted to talk about it. I showed compassion for how she was feeling. I didn't attack or berate her. I told her I understood her and didn't mean any harm to her or mean anything ruthless to her.\nWhen I first told this girl I had feelings for her, she was drunk. I didn't know that. When she told me she was drunk, I said, Oh, I should've known. And that ticked her off, but she does drink fairly often, so it was a fair statement.\nAnd to cut the story short, every time I'd try to talk about what happened that night, she'd get defensive and tell me to stop and move forward and leave it alone. That's not healthy. I was showing hurt, vulnerability, and love, but she pushed it all away and wouldn't accept it. Yes, show all those things, but it doesn't guarantee you'll be reciprocated. I wasn't reciprocated.\nSometimes when I felt she was ignoring me during normal conversation my hurt would come up and I'd attack her. I'd argue with her. This continued for a month until she finally called it quits and blocked and banned me from her entire life...\nEven during the time I told her my feelings she said, We all fear rejection but you just gotta keep putting yourself out there. I told her I knew my fears were correct and that she didn't share the same feelings as me. She told me not to analyze her and that what I was analyzing wasn't what she meant. She was drunk, mind you, so who knows what the Hell was going through her mind. And during the same time I'd sometimes bring up moving on and letting go. How did she react? What the fuck?! And then eventually she was like, I do have feelings for you, if you're still asking. That gave me hope, but things still didn't seem right.\nThe next morning we talked about some of it, but she wanted to avoid it entirely and even said it was a disaster. She even blamed me for trying to have a conversation with her while she was intoxicated, when I was unaware until she told me. And if I had just assumed she was drunk, she would've gotten mad at me then too because she hates when I assume things. So either way, I would've been wrong and blamed for it. \nI tried talking to her calmly. I tried to have a mature conversation with her. My guard was already completely down and I was ready to just communicate. She refused. She obviously regretted what she said while drunk. Even though your true inhibitions, your true feelings, the truth comes out when you're drunk, she even denied that notion when I brought it up, but I may have brought it up in a passive aggressive way too. But seriously, I was already vulnerable and she wasn't accepting it or opening up to me, so I had a right to start getting mad. I opened up with vulnerability and showed my goddamn hurt. Because liking her actually hurt me because I was so worried I'd get rejected and I hadn't liked a girl like this for at least 2 years, so I was scared. I made myself depressed over it. I tried keeping it bottled up, but I ended up just letting it out and apparently at the most misopportune time. I let my crush on her literally crush me until I was forced to just let it out. I was most vulnerable at that point because I was already hurting from thinking about rejection. But I still went in vulnerable. And I did try to handle it the best I could by telling her I'd move on and let go. She got mad when I SAID I would move on and let go, but guess what SHE told me to do the next morning? Move on, Jake. Let go, Jake. When I said it, she had a problem with it. When she said it, she meant it as a demand.\nAnd then when I just couldn't get any further with her with communication on the situation, I just gave up when she told me, Regardless of what I said. Enough I quit replying after that. I left the conversation. 10 minutes later she texts me, Read and ignored sweet She got mad at me for leaving the conversation where it was. She got mad at me for letting it go. She got mad that I was trying to move on. I replied back to her, I didn't know what to say. I didn't want to bother you further. Her response, K. I asked if she was mad at me. She yelled at me with a, NO response. What was i supposed to do? I've done the reasoning through my head plenty of times and what I should've done is just kept on ignoring her and not replying. Let it fester in her for a while. Let her think about it. I never gave her time to think about things like that because I always felt bad for ignoring her or leaving a conversation where it was, even randomly. That's just not how I am. But I realize it was her game. I was playing her game and I didn't succeed. What I should've done is walked away and not talk to her for awhile. What I did was feel guilty for leaving her unanswered, even though she told me, Enough. \nAnd then after that little fiasco, this all happened on the day of the eclipse, so she brought up the eclipse as a change of subject. we talked about it very briefly before she just read and ignored my text mid-conversation. I left it alone, but after about 2 hours, I just went off on her and told her how I didn't appreciate how she was treating the situation and me. That's when we got into a heated argument. She even threatened that if I don't stop, then we can't be friends anymore and she even added in, And that would make me really sad. Every other argument we'd have that day she'd bring up the notion of, Friends or nah? She was FORCING a choice onto me. Not to mention before the arguments she yelled at me saying, WE ARE FRIENDS. THAT'S IT. When I was trying to communicate about the night before. She wouldn't have any of it. I wasn't trying to force a relationship. I told her many times I was in no rush to jump in a relationship. I told her many times I respected the way she felt and that if she wasn't ready, I was okay with it. I gave all the assurance in the goddamn world. And she still yelled at me for trying to communicate. She didn't want to be vulnerable with me like I was with her. She kept on forcing the notion of us being friends or not onto me when we were arguing. Do you know how hard that is? You're asking me to ignore my feelings and hurt and how you've yelled at me all day, and you're trying to force me to either be your friend or leave you. That's not freaking healthy!!!!! I finally gave in because she threatened to block me if I didn't give her a break and leave it alone. I tried being her friend, but every time we'd talk I'd want to go back to that day and try to talk about it. She wouldn't have any of it. She wanted it to be left in the past. As if 2 days to a week ago or even a month ago can be considered The past. The immediate past, sure, but you don't just get over something like that immediately. But that's what she expected form me. She expected me to be just her friend and forget everything that happened that night and day. \nIt felt very manipulative and controlling. \nFunny/ironic thing is, I don't think she spoke to me extensively while drunk again after that. She might've had some small talk with me while drunk, but never got into anything too deep again while drunk. Never build friendships with people who will talk to you often while drunk. The first time we bonded over deep shit was when she was drunk. Yeah, never bonding with someone again while they're drunk. And if I do, It'll be left as is, a drunk memory. I'm not taking anything seriously from another bonding moment with a drunk person/friend again. I'll remember it for future reference, but as for taking it seriously and thinking it means anything serious, nah, never again.\nShe knew her problem, but wouldn't admit to it. She quit talking to me while drunk, but she wouldn't apologize to me for it or give any kind of closure over it or any kind of communication over it. I would explain explain and explain what I was thinking and feeling to her, but she'd never do the same for me. She'd even question me at times, I don't understand why you continue to let this eat at you. And I told her it was because I didn't understand it. Communication is all about understanding. Without communication, there is no understanding, and with no understanding makes assumptions and other ideas come up in your mind to try and justify it. And she got mad at those assumptions and ideas when i shared them with her. But she wasn't mature enough to communicate with me, so why is she blaming me when she could've communicated and helped me better understand things? \nShe tried to make me feel guilty for my feelings. I've went over it several times in my head since she's been gone and I'm realizing more and more how manipulative and controlling she was. She didn't want me to think a certain way. She didn't want me to think of her in a negative light. She didn't want me to leave her, but she wanted me to move on and let go. When I put the idea in her that I might not want to be friends anymore, she got scared. She gave me puppy dog eyes and made me feel bad for even that. I felt guilty. She guilt tripped me. She guilt me into being her friend. She guilt tripped me in being her friend when I tried to move on and let go. She guilt tripped me when i thought about ending the friendship. She guilt tripped me for my feelings. All so she could slice my throat open herself and end it herself. She wanted the satisfaction of watching me bleed. She took advantage of my vulnerability and weakness. You open yourself up to people and you're only opening up a bigger wound for them to stab you in and make it sting a Hell of a lot more.
What's crazy is how ppl wouldn't really respond that way. Most ppl would continue on the phone and say just a sec and be mad and call you needy bcuz u need that time now not to wait on then. At least that's been my experience. No matter how I ask for time, attention, and affection. I'm always told I'm selfish and immature.
I don't want to see a fight between a couple ! I am here for advice !!
It feels like you're just rehashing old videos under vaguely different titles... time for something new to get this channel back up and running again
kinda clicked bc jack is in the thumbnail soo
I just watched it with my Girlfriend to see if there is something new that we could apply in our relationship. We were so happy to realize that we already act like this. Unfortunately we realized that a lot of people we know do not.
When you're a loner but still watch this shit carefully just in case one day someone loves u back and you end up in a relationship
Narcissistic Personality Disorder - Love to see a video on that one - a nightmare condition.
Why am I watching videos about devonping a good relationships when I've never had a relationship and will never get one?
Mr Botton .. Seen that critique of your channel and methodology ? Going to respond ? .. personally .. i like your channel .. it has been a comforting voice through some very, very tough times, made me feel like everything was ok, like i could deal with another day on this planet, in this spatial / historical manifestation of some kind of conciousness .. the only doubt raised that temporarily  impacted was the commodification, selling of tat at exhorbitant prices but in retrospect, heck we all gotta make a buck to survive, nobodys twisting their bourgeoise arms .. as for me .. how'm i gonna put a few lines on the table and keep my feet in tepid milk stout as i tempt my word processor toward a determinal syntax error ? ;] A4
Well the girl chatacter is kind of a bitch in this one
I love this channel. One of the most insightful places on YouTube in my opinion.
I dunno about this one.  Sure, communicate better and you can avoid patterns of these types of interactions before the relationship deteriorates in the first place.  But, that first segment looks more like negative sentiment override where neutral behavior is interpreted as criticism and each party is basically waiting to attack or be defensive.  Showing vulnerability at that point may not do much to improve interactions between people who no longer feel fondly for each other.
first time clicking on this, i thought it was gus johnson in the thumbnail........................................................
I've always wonder at The School Of Life is this advice to help everyone no matter where we are in life. Wether you are a 14 year old in the states or a 23 year old attending college are you all makerting to every person?
I see myself in this.
which one of yall read the monologue in the narrator’s voice
is it ok if i show that i'm hurt, angrily?
hey how does the rest of the calmer discussion end???
Unless you're dating a sociopath as they will use any vulnerability you show against you.
I like how they learn to communicate better on this one thing, then argue about something else afterwards. It seems realistic to point out that this will not end all conflict.
of course he’s right, it’s very disrespectful
What should someone do if a fight starts based on your confession about being vulnerable? When your partner instead of just accepting your vulnerability wants to go deeper and this makes you feel under judgement? He just wants to understand, but i just want to be accepted and these questions especially when i am trying to fight my anger seem so inappropriate for that moment
I can not relate to someone who takes out their cellphone before a conversation is over. It's phenomenally rude. That cellphone is going in the toilet.
You know what? The second way of reacting sounded much stronger than the first, childish one. Remaining calm feels like a very both empathic and confident person.
Crying is not just for infants.  Haven't you ever experienced a scene in a movie where an adult cries?  Yes, even adult men... especially men.  It's very moving.  Crying gets you in a different place than the part of your brain that is trying to protect YOURSELF...now you feel protective (compassionate) toward the other person.\n\nAlso, some people below had questions about how to express that someone is hurting you, in a work context.  Here is what I have seen, and does not make the person look weak:  Say, Ouch.  That's it.  Then quickly move on.  There isn't time for the person you are speaking to,  to mount a counter-attack; they might even be slightly confused (they didn't realize the stupidity/insensitivity of what they were saying).  But later they will think back at what they said (because you said Ouch) and they'll get it.
Its hard to identify when the people in the video are so annoying.
I tried scenario two once and got told to not be such a baby, y e a h, that's doesn't work either.
These videos are pretty bad lately.. terrible acting
thank you . this came at the perfect time
I break up usually
What is the background music?
It's so like us..even the topic of conversation
I feel like dealing with the pain of being alone is much easier than dealing with the pain (and annoyance, and stupid bullshit) of being in a relationship.
men have pride ,women have harsh-head ,nothing would work except long time arguing to relieve the stress .... arguing is a solution to say everything you want to say
As a woman, I find vulnerability in men almost invariably attractive. Many feel so much pressure to be stoic or strong that it feels hard to get to know the real person within. So revealing weakness to me feels like a gesture of trust, which I find ultimately flattering. (Egocentric motivation, I suppose 😏 at least in part) I am slow to trust, so the vote of confidence means worlds to me.\n\nHowever, I will admit there are caveats: \n1. When someone has hurt me very badly, and they express guilt or shame upon releazing my hurt, I do feel somewhat satisfied and take pleasure in their pain, but only to the extent that I feel it evens the score (no more than I hurt for no longer than I hurt). This is only in extreme situations.\n2. ‎When people use a facade of honesty as an excuse for being an asshole or venting raw emotion carelessly without any effort towards tact or self-restraint. (Basically launching a personal attack under the guise of just being honest.)\n3. ‎When I feel their expressing hurt is actually a tale of woe aimed at manipulating my emotions intentionally to make me feel sorry for them and reduce their culpability. Or if I notice that particular person seems to have a pervasive victim mentality, even if they are not consciously aware of it. This is frustrating. Taking responsibility is key.\n\nAs a general rule of thumb, I can deal with sadness quite well, but not anger. Anger antagonizes, whereas sadness invites empathy.
Naturally, it goes both ways. If someone courageously admits that he/she felt hurt, then you should properly and eagerly listen to them without hitting back.
This shit doesn't work. They will tell you to get over it, a partner that cares about you doesn't do shit they know will upset you unless it is unavoidable.
I wish it were that easy. I'm glad sometimes it is. It should be our first line of defense. It seems though that there are people who watch for that kind of thing to use it. Sociopaths. And if you are with them, well I just don't know if there's any good way to deal with someone who eats off of your vulnerability. Who waits for it and hopes for it to use it against you. \n        I guess if you get a healthy person this is the best way. But if you were predisposed, trained to be in defective relationships from childhood, well it's a bit more complicated. But not to be given up on.... it's just going to take more time and focus to fix all the backwards stuff you were trained to accept.
Yeah. It doesn't work in today's fearful/narcissistic society. It doesn't work. Show your hurt, women leave. Show your hurt, men take advantage of it.
Great acting / depiction of real couple arguments
We can't control someone elses reactions. Sometimes even explaining calmly doesn't get us the support we need, it doesnt always work that way and to be honest he sounded very apologetic. Sometimes people will explode or find things offensive no matter how calmly we state our point.
JACK HOWARD IS IN IT. I SAW THE THUMBNAIL AND COULDN'T BELIEVE MY EYES!!! <3
He should have just got up and turkey slapped her....
Mind what you say. Words, like bullets, cannot be taken back.
Jack Howard!?! How'd I find you all the way over here?
Hello from Colombia. What about a video of schizophrenia? Causes, treatments and related things? Blessings from Sincelejo.
Jack Howard was a great choice for this video! : )\n\nI think most people are afraid if they show vulnerability, they will be mocked or hurt further. This is a good response to those fears. <3
Being lone is the best the way to avoid these problems.
Beautifully acted. Gave me an anxiety attack.
I wish you would do a video about someone trying to break their habit of being toxically submissive.The kind of quiet self restraint that helps no one in the end.
Ironic how they’re watching Germany Vs. Brazil 😂😂😂🤔🤔🤔🤣🤣🤣
Omg Jack Howard and School of Life crossover. Worlds colliding! 🌏
Sometimes I want angry make up sex, not apologetic tender sex.
School of Life do you not realize that the lashing out and insulting behavior IS how people show thier hurt? What you are advocating isn't showing people you are hurt but rationally explaining why they feel hurt. Reveling in your negative emotions leads to negative responsess, like insults and attacks. You can not explain to another person why you feel hurt unless you know why yourself. This means taking a moment,  stepping back and examing your emotional state. In this video, in your positive example, the man explains to  the woman why he is hurt he doesn't show it. Most animals lash out after they have been hurt, the hardest part is stopping yourself from that behavior,  and this video does nothing to help with that part.
question: does this have something to do with bad parenting ?
The parallel the guy showed vulnerability by expressing how he was hurt? Well, the “bad” parallel to the “good” parallel would have been if she wasn’t acknowledging and accepted that she hurt him. Sometimes, if you tell someone that they hurt your feelings and how they hurt you, they’ll deny their part and blame you for being “too sensitive/emotional” or “I shouldn’t have to walk around eggshells around you” translation,”I have to think about what I say to you before I say it. I don’t want to be respectful of your thoughts and feelings.” or “Then, I must be the monster or the bad guy.” After, they’ll entice you to fight or argue back with them so they don’t feel like they’re the only monster or bad guy, thus they will push you to say something just as cruel or malicious so they feel they are on equal footing. “Now we’re both hurt, so you can’t say shit else.”
Not working for me.... a person keeps hurting me and refusing to talk to me. No matter if I tell her I'm hurt or if I get mad. She just doesn't care. And I care for her so much. She's my sister, so it's not like I'll ever walk away from her. What can I do but just hurt silently? Addressing what's hurting you isn't always the answer because sometimes the person really is selfish and they aren't going to care.
That was good!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ocbZhRQS9I&t=325s
Jack, fancy seeing you here.
I WISH... lól
LOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLL because this how my arguing starts
Clicked because of Jack
JACK HOWARD!!!!
Damn
He is an oversensitive jerk.
also khyan fucking mansley
ditch the bitch
Great advice! ❤️
This is important
Good actors.
JACK HOWARD 4 LYFE!!!
Whaaaat Jack!! Hey man!!!!
Woo jack
Jack! :D
Awesome!!
I'm autistic and even I realise that getting out your phone while someone is trying to talk to you is offensive.  How does that make his ego fragile? Would the  women be fragile if the roles were reversed?\nPlease explain.
I'll tell you exactly what happens when you reveal your emotions to most women:  Awww, man up.  If there's one thing most women in my life couldn't handle its listening to men's emotions, they don't matter and they have the nerve to call US the whinebags at the slightest sign of complaint.
I could be crying my eyes out and my husband wouldn't bat an eye. I hate that narcissist
I did that and she said I am not man enough and broke up.
I do have a request: please show your texts a little longer. You write such important notes and it is hard for me as a non native speaker to read them in Time. Pausing kinda destroys the Flow. Thx.
To be quite honest, I'm confused about how emotional intelligence is any different from intellectual intelligence-isn't rational thinking (essentially the type of thinking being endorsed here) a type of intellectual intelligence readily captured in existing IQ tests? We acknowledge that there is some kind of emotional disturbance, but choose to suppress or ignore it for the sake of rational thought and behavior. How is this type of thought different from the type of thinking required to decide to pull a train track switch to save 5 people instead of doing nothing and saving one?
This sounds great but, my wife would call me a pussy if I showed my feelings. In fact she has before.
Tomorrow I'm putting at least 15mn of deleted scenes on Patreon - and I will be quitting my Patreon campaign pretty soon. Last chance to jump on! http://www.Patreon.com/JoeGoes
Juggalos are the weird kid in school, all grown up.
Ruining my reputation by proving there are more literate juggalos than just myself?!  For shame!
It's funny that you'd think the white trash would be at the Trump rally but really they're right next door..
Never ending content with the gathering ayyyyyy Joe?
they don't seem like a gang to me
Holy fuck that ginger was annoying
14:48 *Joe Gets* a really Genuine Hug
Yes everyone is accepted except \nFuck you, fuck me, fuck us\nFuck tom, fuck Mary, fuck Gus\nFuck dairies\nFuck the west coast\nAnd fuck everybody on the east\nEat shit and die\nOr fuck off at least\nFuck pre-schoolers\nFuck rulers\nKings and queens and gold jewelers\nFuck wine coolers\nFuck chickens, fuck ducks\nEverybody in your crew sucks\nPunk muthafucks\nFuck critics\nFuck your review\nEven if you like me, fuck you!\nFuck your mom\nFuck your mom's mom\nFuck the Beastie Boys and the Daili Llama\nFuck the rain forest\nFuck a Forest Gump\nYou probably like it in the rump\nFuck a shoe pump\nFuck the real deal\nAnd fuck all the fakes\nFuck all fifty two states, oooh\nAnd fuck you
white boi in the jacket with the tie sounds kinda like slipknot's lead singer when he's speaking
Did that guy have a juggalo communist flag?\nRespect...
I've commented this like 10 times, but you seriously need to change your video titles.  They're the reason you're not getting views.  The content is good and you're original.
these people are fucking great
joe, please don't leave us
God, I bet D.C. stunk for days...
They may be a little weird but they seem harmless.
“so far so good, no heroin in the dick vein yet...”
I may not be a fan of ICP, but im a huge fan of freedom!
I BETTER BE IN THE FUCKIN' VIDEO
If you have a Hatchet on your car , you deserve to be pulled over.
Wow....the first time I heard of insane clown posse was back in 96’, s dude from my work was into them, I listened to them for 5 minutes and all they talked about was clown life and hacking up people ....I guess rapping about drugs and gang life is more tolerable....ISP is laughable and demented.
You looked so done with that ginger dude haha!
THIS GUY SOUNDS LIKE HE IS DEEP THROATING BLACK DICKS WITH A FIST UP HIS ASS
Joe made it on trending... Thats a start. .3.
Fittest bunch up in the cut
Mankini makes it look like a gay pride parade and nope..it makes a joke of what juggalo was when I started..... Mne !!!
Where the fuck you have been JOE?
Thank you for this upload joe
Why you have to get all political every time?
props for still makin quality vids even though all of them are basically demonetized
Juggalos are cool people. One of the only people I kept in contact with after high school is a Juggalo. He doesn't drink, doesn't do drugs and works with at risk kids. He was one of the only people who had the balls to call me on my shit about my Heroin use. Went to the Gathering with him a couple years back, it was so much fun. I don't care for ICP, but most Juggalos are pretty decent people.
I got the Juggalo juice ! I still listen to the music,  such good fun , I'm down with the Clown ! 😂😂😍😍❤ Respect ICP😍❤
Someone please tell these people the difference between a hatchet and a meat cleaver
Have to say they seem like pretty nice folks.
9:52 I’m the guy in the back petting the dog
I am the Juz Bling. Thanks Joe!\nHere's some of my music!\nhttps://youtu.be/XkHx2Bewj9c
they're a bunch of fucking weirdos but at least they embrace it and roll with the stereotypes, bit of respect for that
insane clown president was actually pretty fucking funny
I respect ICP for what they have achieved, all the while being the least talented rappers ever to grab a microphone.  Malibus most wanted guy was like kendrick compared to them lol.  I always praise them for what they have accomplished.  Hustle and flow......minus the flow. They have an incredible work ethic and believe in what their doing.  But juggalos calling the FBI inbred.......C'MON MAN!  If you take half of all the juggalos that gather each year at the festival.  And sign them up with ancestry.com. Id bet they all come from 5 different blood lines MAX.  The ancient Jugalos defs succeeded in keeping that blood line pure.  So much so, that when one hot woman attended the gathering they through their shit on her! (admit it.......tila tequila was once hot)  Inbred see.....inbred do!
Didn't know people would be so open with their clown fetish
if you go to a trump rally there's a high probability to be hurt or killed but if you go to a juggalo march you just get high as fuck and a 2 liter of faygo
This was everything I wanted and more. What a community and what a video
Most of these people are bullshitting. The gang label is neither here nor there. It is an excuse for publicity and a concert. Which is fine by the way. I can see people had fun.
Jesus, who let the ginger out of his closet.
whoop whoop! fresh as fuck ninja, lookin forward to the outtakes.
ALL I WANT IS A FAT BITCH NAMED BRIDGETTE
17:28 When two reds meet there can be only \n\n\n\n💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
They all look like they smell like cigarettes
I'm a simple man, I see a Joe Goes, I click
0:37 I am not a gang member, I am a Christian. \n\nGo fuck yourself fanatic
WHO DID YOU VOTE FOR?!?! @joegoes most underrated channel
1. Joe has BARS\n2. Girl with the hat and dreads is adorable
I learned something today...  Juggalos are actually pretty cool.  Wow.  Still don't know how magnets work, but I do believe in miracles now.
Sounds like furries trying to justify their degeneracy.
It's all about love, acceptance, and family. Their Family.  I know some juggalos and I'm different from them and they ignore me or call me names for not agreeing with everything they do. I'm Disabled so it feels good to be hated for no reason.
Thank you for this joe.... I mean dad
That redhead kid just needs a friend
People don't even know what juggalettes and juggaloes even are. *Listens to what is a juggaloe by ICP. Well they sound like lovely people.
we love you, Joe.
whoop whoop
awesome!
#JUGGALONATION
Holy shit those motherfuckers still exist
11:30
Bikini man!
Your trending!
Joe looking buff now
nice.
5:56 carti carti carti
Bring back the flickering text!
oh shit
WHOOP WHOOP!!!!!!!
Whoop Whoop!
Clownworld
Working class unity!
Fucking meth heads
#MRXwasTHERE
3:05 whoop whoop
2:57 ...we are the downtrodded... hahaha
Clown Friendly! Hahaha!!!! 😂
JOE FOR PRESIDENT
I love your channel Joe MMFWCL homie
Fuck yeah Joe \m/><\m/
REEEEEEEEEE TRUMP IS PRESIDENT REEEEEEEEEEEEE
That guy is awesome... WHOOP WHOOP!!!
RAP LOL
I like juggalos now?
Whoop whoop
‘The most diverse group of White people, you’ll ever meet’ LMFAO
A gang of people that average $15k-$22k a year. AKA losers, Burger King employees. Food stamps, WIC, Section 8... Poor white trash. Minimalism at it's finest.
one of those autistic wiggers is actually carrying the communist flag of trailertrashistan...thank you lol.
i was all for  juggalos to be who they waan be but then the  ignorant  anti trump comments  came along and  yup,they are  nothing more than abunch of ignorami
DAE Trump supporters suck??? We get it joe, you're a triggered SJW bud.
Stop calling people racist you stupid fuck, because you obviously do not know what that means.
I hate literally everyone filmed in this video.
whats with your anti trump bullshit, you being a fanboy and saying what you think they want to hear? guess what, cupcake, trump isnt the one trying to deny free speech, the fucking antifa and leftist scum are, and i would think juggalos would be about free speech. Btw i could see how uncomfortable you were around them, maybe you should stick to the suburbs and grab ass with your antifa buddies. lame.
Juggaloes are nice people, but they are really, really stupid. Seriously, I'm not joking, if you are open minded or a very accepting person. They are seriously lacking in intelligence generally speaking. Just listen to the music. It's unquestionably retarded. No one can or will challenge me on this. I am right. Goodbye retarded but nice juggaloes. Listen to someone smarter than you .
Honestly It's hypocritical ; they listen to horrorccore  rap which describes beheading people,  stabbing people, collecting heads, and murdering children yet they claim to be the nicest people on earth liker one big family, it's really stupid.half of these motherfuckers are obviously on hard drugs; yeah real great culture to raise your kids in :/. bTW looks like violent Jay lost a lot of weight ;)
so there has to be a reason for them being treated as a gang right? what did they actually do?
Still a bunch of fucking scumbags
she's obviously never seen pulp fiction
Men are just pain in the arses, so at least wearing their clothes they're good for something that was brilliant 😂😂
How come when I go to primark all I can find is a pair of two different sized shoes and a ugly jumper
that glow!!
Babe you should try on the items so we can see what they look like on you!!! :D <3
Pointless to do a haul if you're not trying things on 😰
What kind of ring light do you use? 😘
Like the bralette. Her makeup looks very cakey tho
you and imogenation should so do a video together u guys remind me of each other also both stunning ofcourse ;) xxx
Why does this girl get so much hate she seems nice enough?
anyone else think she looks like Lauren Goodger ????
LOVED this vid as I can never find the good stuff in primark (it's like searching for diamonds in A LOT of rough) - gonna head to Primange v soon now!! Can you pleasee do a Zara haul? Think you'd find lots of great stuff, not just casuals but also for going out/clubbing (throw back to the Zara white lace bralette you wore a few years ago or something) xxx
What I wanna know is have you not watched pulp fiction?! Xxxxx
I am getting my ass down to primark right away love everything you have got in this haul. I tried and failed at putting myself on a clothes ban 🙈
I’ve only just come across your channel and i already love you!!! X
Love this! I also uploaded a haul today - all Zara stuff! :D
loved the vid wished you showed the clothing and shoes on, you choose some really nice pieces.😊
court heels!!! comfortable????? I cant last 10 mins!!
Random but where did you purchase your sofa? On a hunt for a new one
What about the jewellery ???
How many items did you get 4 200??
Do a try on pretty little thing haul,or in the style,slay some of your range my range favorites😍😍🔥🔥Xx
Only just found you, like how?? Your literally amazing 😩😩😩
I'm in such a Xmas mood
I got the black bralet today and I'm already thinking of going back for the other colours 😂😂 xxx
I live in Germany and my boyfriend lives in England and he looked in Primark for me to find that gorgeous grey coat and he couldn't find it 💔😭 I love it, it looks so expensive! Maybe when I next go to England they will have it in a different Primark 😊
She looks so much like Imogen 😂
The Pulp Fiction t-shirt doesn't just say Pulp Fiction on it and it has a lady. Pulp Fiction is one of the best Tarantino movies. Highly recommended :)
Get into the video 0.27 seconds and already subscribed💞
I need those burgundy heels & that royal blue handbag! Obsessed 😍
Wish you had done prices for everything
I need to go to  primark 😭 thank u love
Those court shoes are a major Gianvito Rossi dupe... ☺️👍🏻
I was in London a week ago, and  of course I went to Primark and buy and buy and buy a lot of clothes, I was so happy in that store.
Are you ok? Like is everything alright at home? 😂 But you're right, those 3 pack underwear sets are so fab
Darling,where is this Pink Floyd t shirt from,it looks gorgeous on you
them fluffly shoes are a nightmare 😂 fluff just falls off in tuffs and ends up everyyywere :( 🙈
How much is the red jumper?! ❤️❤️❤️
Can I ask which ring light you use? I really want to get one but I don't know which one to get haha
Please show us how you style these pieces next time!😍
Don't do this to me Sarah
Love this, sooo much nice stuff! i need to get to primark asap. The comment about mens clothes made me lol xxxx
Wish you'd model them as well 😉
Lol I've never spent anywhere near £200 in primark😂Wish I had money
Great haul, i really need to go to primark 😱🙌🏼💕✨
fan girled a little over Pink Floyd haha x
Hi Sarah where is your ring light from? Xxx
£200 is like what most people spend anyway
Love your channel ❤️ it was kinda difficult to see items like the jumpers that you were holding
Whenever I go to primark I never find anything 🤦🏽‍♀️😭
Would you do a video on what you do to stay so slim? I know you've had a bit of a shape up journey and I'm struggling with it a bit at the mo! 💘
Those 3 sets of underwear are life Sarah. Love that you get them too hahah
Fab pieces from primark Sarah it’s penneys here in Ireland but I am obsessed with those shoes and jumpers 😍😍
Sarah your Pink Floyd tee. .need! Where can I get it? ?
This is sooo good! All that's missing is the prices for a few of them. And the Sarah Ashcroft styling touch..making high street look expensive and cool. I'm going to be trying to find these on your Instagram posts now haha
Beautiful girl and nice Video. Where do you get this amazing Lashes
Primark where I live is awful I think I will be travelling to get the good stuff now
How can your love life be non existent you are stunning!
Loved this! I love primark, more branded hauls please 😍🤗👑
I know I’m gonna love this 😋
Love this so much! America NEEDS some primark stores!
Omg I love primark and I love your style xxx❤️🔥💕😊
Just the intro was so relatable about your highlight that I instantly subscribed 😂😂 love ya dall, you look amaze 😍❣️miss living in uk so much🙁
Pmsl.. Men are just pain in the arses so if i can wear their clothes. Made me laugh too much!!! Xx
I never ever go in primark, cos the last time I went in was literally like 7 years and it was terrible but now I think it seems to have got so much better!
Pagalvosiu dar nežinau ką acakyti🌹
I love their Floyd tshirt
Check me out
The crushed velvet bra would look fantastic with a pair or structured leather look leggings and a blazer
Defo more hauls!💕
everything is 😍😍😍😍
that grey jacket was BOMBBBBBB
shes's pretty hot tbf
LITWRALLY LIVE FOR YOUR VIDEOS MORE HAULS MAKEUP TUTORIALS AND FAVOURITES TYSM XX
Omg loving this channel  xxxxx
On trending!!
Love this!! Xx
Loved your haul! Your makeup look is gorgeous!
Wow amazing haul
TRY ON HAUL PLEASE!!!!
I’m sorry but I really hope you truly like Pink Floyd, otherwise why would you wear that top. Pisses me off when people wear bands Tshirts and don’t even know who the fuck the band are...
Omg haven’t you ever watched pulp fiction!?! Amazing film - must watch 💕
take a shot everytime Sarah says vibe 😂 xx
You should do a collab with @imogenation !!!
Looking amazing as always girl!!!😍
😂😂 if you don't have this underwear are you ok 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I would love if anyone could support me! I have a you tube channel and my aim for creating videos is to help people overcome their insecurities! x I have a birthmark on my face and I want to show others to embrace it! xx I hope people can support me :)
I wanna see you in that lingerie
What ring light do you use Sarah please!?xxxx
She reminds me of me so much! I absolutely love baggy jumpers and buying from the men's section! I also have that pulp fiction tee and I bought it in a large too 🤣 the yellow baggy jumper is a must!!! I'll be getting that when I go in Primark next week lol
wait do makeup looks!!! WAIT CLOTHING DOPE Very very very very sexy Look ❤️❤️ i like it  AND SAW boob thing and glad chose choose be happy!!! were not in body soon super busy cause school!make day . lol and trying save my money!and now , everttime i hear primark i wanna shop !!! your styles always   fab!!! no. i buy anything more sad i suck skin glowing!!!!! love accent
Love your Pink Floyd top I went to the Pink Floyd exhibition on Tuesday in London
How much was the mushroomey pink skirt with zips?  💓
Please stop saying I feel like instead of I think You're not American!!!
Piss of if girls didn't have men the human race would die out because girls wouldn't be able to reproduce you daft prick
Loved the clothes but so distracted how you keep looking down to your right - what's down there? Just curious! Also, slight stuck up vibes about Primark .. you can't tell it's from Primark - the comment about men was hilarious though!
Men are just pains in the arse's 😂😂
AHHHHH😱 I'm literally poor and spend like £500 shopping for clothes and stuff, primark must be cheap af! Heading to Oxford Street this weekend
Why the fuck would anyone spend £200 in primark?
So size 12 girls are super big and oversized and you're too good for primark.....good message 👌🏻
where do you buy the pineapple shirt???
Haha josh and ollie look like a happy gay couple in the thumbnail 😂💗 \n\nCongratulations Ollie, hope Juno grows up all healthy and beautiful xx
Does this mean that Ollie's Dad will be called Juno's Granddad from now on?
Congrats on the new edition, we look forward to her learning Korean as well!! Have an amazing rest.
I hope god saves your kid . yall are going to 🔥 burn
I cried when you told Josh that that is his goddaughter T__T Congratulations Ollie! You'll make a great dad!
Oh my gosh she's actually adorable, and I know people say that about all babies but it's actually true for her <3 congratulations ollie and family/god family/friends/all the people I'm sure Juno's presence is going to bless. May God keep you all healthy and jolly during this physically demanding time, and continue to bless you :)
I’m crying omg Juno what a beautiful name for an absolutely precious child
tbh I cried too...idk but there's something soooo special about babies and when parents finally meet them after giving birth
하이라이트1:55
올리\n리지
파인애플!!!
🤔😑😐😑😐😐
I cri ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I have a bed sheet similar to the shirt lmao
I feel like now Josh and Gabie gonna have to have a baby as Juno's companion, it would be amazing to see them grow together!
축하해요 올리!💗💗
Juno Kendal
너무 작고 기여버 ㅜㅎㅎ동듚도 ㄴㄷㅌ댜ㅗ 하루종일 볼만 만지고 싶엉
애기도 너무 귀엽고 퓨퓨ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
아기 너무 사랑스러워요♥ 눈은 엄마를 닮은듯 하네요 건강하게 자라라 아가야~
항상 영상 지켜보면서 영국남자 , 조쉬와. 올리등등 . 한국말과 문화에대해 알아가며 성장해가는걸 계속보다가 .. 오늘 올리씨의 딸을보곤 같이 울어버렸네요 ...  하 , .진짜 너무귀엽고 찡한 영상인것같아요 .\n그리고 한국말로 아가와 대화할때 막 나도모르게 마음이 뭉클해져서 ... , ㅠㅠㅠ
너무 사랑스러워요! 축하해요 올리~!!!!
축하해요!!! 아기 넘 예쁘고 사랑스러워요 ^^
주노 너무 귀여워요❤
Awe!!! This was beautiful! Congrats you guys! Hehe
뜨아아 너무 귀엽다ㅠㅠㅠ
아... 폭격맞았다....개졸귀...
썸넬ㅋㅋ
잠옷 대박 귀여워워워ㅝㅜ어어ㅜ어
헉 7:39 에 오타났어요 ㅠㅠ
주노 ...  사랑스러워요 ... ♥
축하드립니다!
어머 ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ너무작아
귀여워ㅠㅠㅠ퓨
JUNO'S DAD
쿨럭!!!~♡
congratulation
아 세상에 눈물밖에 안나와요 ㅠㅠ 올리 아빠된거 축하드려요 주노 성장영상 많이많이 찍어주세요 리지님 수고하셨어요!!ㅜㅜㅠㅠ
주노의 탄생을 축하드립니다. 정말 사랑스러운 딸이네요
(축) 주노탄생 (축)
울면서웃으면서 봤다
솜사탕이꿈틀거리네....주노!Juno! 귀욥다...
Oh my godness!! She's so cuuuute!!So lovely!!! Congratulations!!Ollie!!
주노야 항상 행복하고 사랑받고 사랑하길❤ You're so adorable😍
lovely !
So Cute <3
심장이!!!! ㅡㅡㅡㅡ(쿵
으아....진짜 작고소중하고 귀여워....
진짜 쪼꼬메...긔엽다😍
진짜 작네요  너무 귀여워요
엉엉ㅠㅠㅠㅠ 너무 귀엽고 사랑스러워요!♡♡
축하드립니다
주노야 태어나서 축하해🎉🎉🎉
우와   올리를  닮아서  이목구비가  뚜렸하당~~^^축하드려요!   주노야!  세상에  태어난걸   축하해!  행복하게  살아!
다음 영상은 리지 몸보신 어때요?
welcome to the World, JUNO♡\n파인애플 옷 어디서 사셨나요..ㅎ..저도 사고 싶네용 ㅎㅎ
진짜 축하드려요!!!♡♡♡ 애기가 너무 귀엽네요 진짜로ㅜㅜㅠㅜㅠ! 주노가 건강하고 예쁘게 크길바랄께요! 두분 우정도 너무 보기좋네요ㅎㅎ
와 ㅋㅋㅋ보는동안 계속 입이 귀에 걸렸었음 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
!!!!♡♡♡♡어머낫!!세상에나!!깜짝!!!놀라라!! 번역:어머나 세상에나 깜짝 놀라라.
애기너무 귀엽고 두분다 너무 스윗하셔서 보는내내  웃으면서 봤어요ㅠㅠㅠ 너무 이쁜영상이였네여 ♡♡
왕 이름도 너무 이쁘고 ㅠㅠ아기는 더더 이쁘네요 ㅠㅠ축하드려요!!!ㅠㅠ
주노! 애기 머리는 아직 완성이 아니라서 만지거나 하면 안 돼요 베개도 한쪽이 올라가있거나 불균형하면 얼굴이 비대칭이 될 수도 있어요 6살 전까지는 꿀밤도 조심해야 해요 영국에서는 모르겠는데 한국에서는 중요하게 여기고 있어요! 주노 이름 무지 예뻐요 사랑 많이 받고 어여쁜 아기가 되길 바랄게요 또 아빠 된 거 무지 축하해요! Be happy!
아 올리 채널 두분 티비에 나오시죠!!!
누가 제 광대좀 내려줘요ㅠㅠ 사랑스러워 죽겠네요ㅠㅠ
밑에 비취옥 노 자를 써서 한국식 이름을 지으신 분이 있는데 사실 성명학이라는 게 있어서 보통 비취옥 노 자는 이름에 잘 안 들어가거든요. 그래서 보통 이름에 잘 들어가는 한자를 쓰면 구슬 주(珠) 자에 이슬 노(露)자를 써서 '이슬처럼 맑고 투명한 구슬 같은 아이' 라는 뜻의 주노(珠露)는 어떨까 생각해 봤네요~ 하지만 성으로 이 씨는 추천드리지 않습니다 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ출산 축하드려요!!
우와 ㅜㅜ 너무 사람스러워요 ㅠㅠ 세상에 기다릴게요ㅠㅠ
영상이 너무 아름다워요...♥
주노 넘 기여워잉 ㅜㅜ
God bless Juno, Olly and small head godfather^^/
싫어요 왜 누르냐
예쁘게 키우세요!
커여워.. // 😍😍
사랑스러워요ㅜㅡㅜ😍
너무 이쁘다ㅠㅜㅜㅜㅜ
ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ너무귀엽다꼬물꼬물 축하드려요❤️❤️
축하드려요!!!\n요즘시대에는 결혼해도 아이가 없는경우가많다던대
올리 축하해요 그리고 올리가 한국식 돌잔치를 해보는것도 괜찮을것같아서... 추천드립니다
축하해 올리 아빠된거 진심으로 주노야 잘커라
와 천사다. 귀엽고 사랑스러워라
으아앙! 올리 아빠된거 추카해용!! 주노에게 앞으로 행복한 나날을 보낼 올리 가족에게 축복을!!! 이제 올리 대디은 올리 그랜파로!
영국 여자 애기 에요 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ ㅠㅠㅠ 너무 귀여오
JUNO! You are so cute 엉엉ㅠㅠ I will marry you😗💛
꺄아아아아아ㅏ아아아아앙 아기의 탄생은 정말로 축복인것 같아요💕💕 축하드려요!!!! 올리!!!
Godfather라면 얼마나 친한걸지 상상도 안된다 ㅠ 부러워
진짜 세상 귀여워 우주 뿌셔뿌셔입니다 ㅜㅜㅜㅜㅜ
주노에게 축복을! 하품하는 듯 웃는 듯 한 입이 귀여워요. 신기하네요. 건강하게 잘 자라길 기원합니다.
아기 천사같다ㅠㅠ 사랑스러워요💕
올리 정말 축하해요 ㅎㅎ 사랑스러운딸 잘키우세요 아기는 인생에 있어 축복이랍니다 이제 어른이 되셨네요 축하해요
좋은 아빠가 되셨군요 축하드려요 !
으..  너무 작고🖒 사랑스럽다😭💘ㅠㅠ.
아가 ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ 태어나줘서 고마워~ 너무 이쁘다 ㅠㅠ
주노야 건강하게 자라렴~~ 언니가 많이많이 축복해😍
올리가 주노한테 한국말로 아가라고 하는데 왜 이렇게 뭉클한지😥 주노야  랜선 이모가 많이 아껴요
영화 어바웃 타임이 갑자기 생각나네요 ㅋㅋ
세상에 마상에... 꼬물꼬물 움직이는거 너무 사랑스러움ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ♡♡\n이 와중에 올리 잠옷?도 넘 귀엽다능
올리 또 저 옷이네용ㅋ\n애기 인형 같이 넘 이뽀요ㅜ\n넘 쪼꼬매ㅜ
서양의 대부대모 문화는 좋은 것 같아요. 후견인 같은 개념으로 부모에게 안좋은일이 생기면 대신  부모 노릇도 해주고 부모와 상의할 수 없는 것들도 상의할 수 있고 제2의 부모이자 친구처럼 지낼 수 있어서 부럽기도 해요. 대부대모도 예비 부모 연습을 할 수도 있어서 학습적으로도 좋구요. 주노~ 아빠를 닮은 것 같기도 하고 엄마를 닮은 것 같기도 한데 건강하고 예쁘게 자라길 바란다. 올리아빠의 반응도 궁금하네요. 첫 손주일까요?^^
와 아가야ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ아 너무 예쁘다ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ너무 사랑스러워여ㅜㅠㅠㅠ작은 보석
Well, I'd start interviewing hair salon owners first...
These cunts should've crashed and died, honestly the world's better off without vermin like this adding to the gene pool.
take a knee NFL
man one of the most ignorant retarted videos i have ever seen..hopefully these two assholes go to prison
If cops shot  them, a big BLM protest will be done for this idiots
What a bunch of dumb asses. Wait till cops find this video and identify you fucktards!
People.. yeah sure.  And lets ignore their race. From what I've seen, theirs a consistent trend amongst their race for violence and crime. But im the racist for saying that. Fuck this world.
BLM. Then act like it. Pathetic
straight up,ebk alllday psycho perfeckt killasssssssssssss drrrrrrrrrrrr
she shot upwards, he shot straight into the houses. come to mexico and sicarios will deal with your ass in less than 24Hrs. Police cant beat that shit.
They are not wearing seatbelts!!
NIGGERS.  It's ALWAYS the NIGGERS isn't it?
So, pay Amazon to watch you have sex?
Great job CIA 😀👌🙌🎆🎉🔥
Amazon wants camera and mic in every room of the house
Typo at 0:48
The NSA probably worked on this with Amazon.
Sounds great for people who don't own smartphones.
Great now the NSA can see me sleeping !!
How is the speaker is it better then the echo dot?
Wait until edward snowden see this..
fresh whose release another clean suspect living AM.
Amazon is so clever with their promoting. It's about time someone updated the alarm clock. A 'smart clock' is a far easier sell than a talking speaker that stalks you
free video calls to amazon corporate headquarters and the NSA.  just press nothing.
Now they can see me while having sex
The Amazon Echo looks like a rip-off of the Bonjour Alarm Clock...\n\nhttps://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1450781303/bonjour-smart-alarm-clock-with-artificial-intellig
they should kill the bezels
the goal of modern living is simplicity, not more gadgets
Its going to look so hot with s big piece of black tape on the camera. I'll sit it right next to the fan I have with matching black tape on the blue light that shoots out of it.
Yea if i buy one, the first thing i will do is put a tape on the front facing cam. \n\nIt would be nice if companies would think about actually making some kinda lid on the camps their integrate into their products, \nso people would have a choice, so people dont have to destroy the design of the thing with a ugly table. \n\nBuy hey, first world problems..
Amazon need to stop stealing others ideas, like this one:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pufR8uJAAw0&t=
Yay an alarm clock that uses electricity!! That's a game changer!
what a load of rubbish
I will not put that magic 8 ball w/ a camera in my bedroom. \n\nAlso I wonder how many ppl do video calls. Anecdotally idk anyone. Curious if the rest of population does regularly enough to buy this. They must if Amazon if Amazon is betting on it
This is almost what I wanted... but for something to really be an alarm clock it needs to have a backup battery.  I used my dot as an alarm clock for awhile, but the first time the power went out and my alarm didn't go off, I had to stop using it.
That THING looks like a color iMac! Amazon devices are REALLY FAT-Show, Spot, Tablets EVERYTHING.\n\nThat's why they only show front views of the Show.
Amazon wants a bunch of these in homes. The price needs to be $50 less then.
So 100 dollars less than a spot?
I want one. But can't even pre-order it in the UK. Probably won't get it until Spring.
Would be nice if it had a phsical camera cover
Is amazon going to offer some kind if trade in upgrade for people with old alexas
I'm distracted by his tiny head.
I have a phone.
Not to be confused with the nVidia Spot, which is scheduled to come out.... someday, they think.\nhttps://www.nvidia.com/en-us/shield/smart-home/
Cool device with an attractive pitch and design, but Amazon's ecosystem doesn't appeal to me at all, and it's not available in all countries.
I would buy that for a dollar
love it. need to get it. available yet?
i thought we developed smartphones in order to get rid of alarm clocks...
Why would anyone want that wire tap in their house?
Okay, of all of the echo products so far, this one (to me at least) looks the most futuristic of the bunch. I don't even use Alexa or any smart home appliances for that matter, but I want it anyway
one in the kitchen, bedroom, and living room? yeah no thanks. and you know why...
Looks cool but always listening is becoming always watching...
Looks nice but Alexa can’t answer some very basic questions. Would love to see this hardware with google assistant intelligence.
0:48 indeed, a good clcol amazon echo spot is
The dot next to my computer keeps waking up to this
FREE video calls?!? No freaking way!
don't put that in bedroom
Imagine Alexa in your bedroom listening to you sleep...
This is my favorite eco but I’m not buying it since amazon have information to the government about people talking to the eco
Not sure about having a camera next to my head while I'm sleeping.  Believe it or not, I obviously LOVE tech....emmm emm my tech review channel :).  However, when it's time to sleep I want absolutely NO TECH in my bedroom, including my phone.
Does youtube work on it?
WALLS HAVE EARS! AND YOU'RE PAYING FOR IT!
I wonder why they didn't make the screen bigger. Should have went with a 3 screen
Wow now that's cool
new product from CI... i mean amazon 😊
I think this is the most interesting of the new devices but it's real potential is lost to me when it doesn't keep a charge for like lets say the power goes out...    Then it's not a dependable alarm clock.
Who wonna trade vid clips on this 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Any idea if the display can turn off?  Asking for the clock in a bedroom use case.
Has anyone ever told Alexa to shut up
Coming Soon: Amazon Cool Beans- an alexa enabled refrigerator, specifically designed for beans. starts at 1299
Why would you want a camera on it?
My Echo kept going off during this video lmao
Doesn't this one look too similar with the upcoming smart speaker by the essential?
too pricey, $75 per an we got a deal
It's a buy and a great deal.. can't wait for the knock off version
This looks cool but has personal data breach written all over it. -no thanks.
So it does nothing my phone can't do.
Put one in your bedroom huh? then don't forget to cover the camera or turn it around whenever you're pleasuring yourself, cause you just never know who's watching.........
South Park should had waited to make that Alexa episode how funny whould this be if they mocked the fact that this thing has a camera on it
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01J94SWWU/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B01J94SWWU&linkCode=as2&tag=amazondail08c-20&linkId=92ce149f5173f11411a09f0161801b5d
So pretty much a device that does everything my smartphone already does.  I think I'll pass.
Probably most appealing thing in the line-up more affordable price, small modern form-factor, and it has the luxury of a screen + all the features of a regular echo.
one in the bathroom?
These devices are great epitomes of consumerism.
How come Amazon sucks at making products.
Jeof Bezzoz is lost
150$ ??!! No thanks
Bedroom
Makes me miss my Chumby.
Should have included wireless charging
meh.
たけー
Nest Alarm Clock
Gayy
Its pretty elegant
A smart alarm clock? Nice.
Make Alexa Great Again #MAGA
STOP saying ALEXA! lol
Djmario sube el CAMINO!!
Nexus Q, anybody?
I want it
Just as a word of advice to some of the people commenting, here's a hint: ANYTHING with a camera or a microphone connected to the internet can be used by the government to watch you. Your phone, any microphones you have connected to your computer, webcams, all of that can be used to watch you. So, can the government watch you through this? Yes. Of course they can, and I'm sure they probably will. But they can also watch you at all times when you're on your phone or your laptop watching this video. It isn't new information, people. Yes, these devices can be used to watch you, but anything connected to the internet with some kind of recording device can be used to do that. The only difference is that this is a smart alarm clock. Doesn't matter.
putting an internet connected smart device with a good front facing camera in your bedroom? Grrreeaat idea!
Is there anyway that if you had one in your kitchen, in your living room, on your desk, and in your bedroom that you can link them and use them as home surveillance?
Got Siri, I don’t need this weird spyware thing too.
To all who are commenting that this echo spot will now be able to hear you and see you in your bedroom. Hope you morons realize you carry your phones everywhere.
I'd pay $20 for this glorified photoframe.
this is pretty cheap so idk why people are complaining
But does it have an aux out port. If it does I'd totally get one.
130 is way too expensive
The issue with this is that an alarm clock needs 100% reliability. What if there is no power or WiFi. Does it have back up power and does the clock work fully with no internet. Does it go down sometimes.  On a regular Echo none of this matters, but it does on an alarm clock. That has to work every single time, with no exceptions ever.
this is great, because before taking or making calls i always run to the bedroom and lie down first.
haha to all my school books....
This made me emotional and idk why? Like I feel like I could cry. That was beautiful
This is a really lovely video! :)
Only another 3000 odd, that doesn't sound like that many! Definitely need to choose books wisely then!
You just get more and more amazing.
This was lovely Sanne! Also makes me feel a lot better hearing of others who neglected some university reading 😂
We are doing Sherlock in 8th grade ( 9th year)
I absolutely adored this! I am also so heartbroken at how few books I have left to read.
That was really sad! Beautiful, but sad.
This is so different from your usual videos but I absolutely love the different feel!\nAnd I can totally relate still. There are simply books we'll never read, for one reason or another.\nBut it's okay.
Beautiful and I'm now depressed about how few books I still have time to read...
I loved this! Great video!
THIS WAS SO GOOD!!! I'm in awe
I love this sooo much 💜
Where are the pillows around the 1 min mark from ? Love the print!
can i have the books that make me look impressive tho
You are beautiful, this is beautiful.
ONLY 3550??????? a;ldkfjaoisdjfakjbglajfldajs?!?!?!?! woah. That absolutely blew my mind. I need to reevaluate my life O_O
This was so beautiful ❤
That was like a love note to all books 😍☺️
Aww this is so cute 💕 absolutely love it!
So true! love this :)
Yes!!! I love this! Warmed my heart <3
This is such a wonderful video! Love the atmosphere ❤️
This is amazing. I love this so much! ❤️❤️❤️ I couldn’t agree more for this.
I absolutely loved this, well done!
This is so beautiful❤️
This is a very cute video, and something I can relate to as well. I loved the stop motion animation. Very nice job!
This so beautiful video!
Beautiful. But I got kind of freaked out by the book count. So many books, only one lifetime 😯
Beautifully made and very touching 💝
What a beautiful video!
This is so beautiful!
Such a beautiful video! I’m obsessed with the doodles 😍
Okay, this goes to one of my favourite youtube videos ever. LOVED IT.
I love the way you edited this video!!
This is so beautifully made. Thank you 😊 \nMay I ask what music you used in the background?
Such a wonderful video!
this is so lovely! 💛
Amazing video!!!! It's very different from what you usually do, I love it!
this is so cute!
Thank you for making this. Love it!
It hurts how clod your words are towards those books. If I've ever decided to do a video like this, I'd be crying because of how sorry I am.
Love this so much <3
This is so cute! Love it!
Sanne I have CHILLS. Also I can't bear the thought of how few books I'll get to read in my lifetime, I am reading as fast as I can!!
Such a beautiful video, I'm very moved and I don't even know why!
This is so great Sanne 💖
This is a beautiful video !
Sanne, this is soo beautiful! \nI can relate so much lol, although I don’t like giving up on books, they just wander back onto my to-read pile, in the hopes that I’ll eventually come back to them. Especially uni books. I doubt I ever will though. There’s way too many wonderful stories out there that are just waiting for me. :)
This puts me in the right mood for a reading weekend!
this is so beautiful :)
Wow Sanne that video is so great, I'm in love 😍😍
i LOVE this idea
Omg why did this make me tear up?! The feeeeeeeeeels !!!! 😢
I had a tear???? This was beautifullllllll! 💝
watched it twice.\n LO-ved it! ♥
Wow!
So so beautiful <3
Fantastic! Loved this :)
This is amazing.
Cool!
Lovely truthful video.
Loved this😊
loved this
This was wonderful <3
Beautifully filmed video x
beautiful video <3
💕
loved this video :D
cute
Loved this, Sanne!
I loooove this
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
Great video!
Çok tatlısın💕
This was amazing ❤️
Lovely lovely
Wonderful 😍
beautiful!
I adored this one
This was stunningly done!!!!
super cute!!
loved this!
Loved this
Loved this ❤
Perfectly and beautifully said Sanne ❤️
love this!😍
Love love love this
Ohhh love this. Beautiful.
вау!
THAT WAS SOOOO GREATTTTT!!!!!!!!
Thisss was lovely!
this was awesome!!!!
Wow this was amazing!
this video is insanly beautiful and definately&totally warmed my heart😊 meer van dit soort videos graaaaggg
this is beautiful! you should be very proud of it.
Lovely video, Sanne! As I get older I think about this more and try to both read more and not waste time on things I don't really enjoy. I have to add, though, that you should give Middlemarch a chance - it's absolutely full of interesting characters and a world you can absolutely get lost in!
fuck the literary canon created by old, white, straight men. i'd rather be at a party discussing some queer poc authors or something than a book by obe everyone pretends to have read because some senile people think we have to.
This is brilliant😁 ILOVEILOVEILOVE❤❤❤
Yes, I was trolling British cider lovers. Sorry.
Just made this! Turned out pretty good.\n\nI'd recommend putting a lot less apple cider vinegar in, as the vinegar flavor really seeped into the onions and potatoes I added as an extra.\n\nThe sauce came out a little more runny than Chef John's, which looked a lot creamier. Not sure what I could do to make it creamier, I added more creme fraiche than what was recommended.
Is it possible to braise it in an oven instead of simmering on stove top?
One of the three best chef's on YouTube. \nP.S..(1).. what is, and why use kosher salt?\n(2) what is the British equivalent of hard cider.?\nDo Americans mean scrumpy.?
Made this for Sunday dinner along with Chef John's Spätzle recipe and my mom said it was even better the second day.  This is definitely going into the rotation with his Beef Goulash.  Delicious.
Looks ultra-yum! I also admire that freakishly small ladle.
I fucking love your voice jfc
Freakishly small ladle
This was so good.   What a perfect dinner for October 1st.  I did it over the spaetzle instead though.   Cooking time was about 2.5 hours.
My first try at this is in the first hour simmer and you never said how the whole house is filled with such a wonderful the aroma.
Could I substitute beef with this easily? Where's the fat content on the shoulder highly important
Can you make Belgian carbonade ?
Just finished cooking this and it's a really great recipe. I reduced my sauce down a lot, to the point where it was basically a gravy. You get a great balance of sweetness from the cider and earthy savoriness from all the sage. And that little bit of vinegar not only reigns in the sweet cider but the acidity helps marinate the pork. I paired it with some butternut squash I roasted in dill and pepper. Thanks Chef John!
Give it the oooolllldd poka poka lol
The old poke-a poke-a
I made this yesterday, turned out so delicious. Did have to go for standard apple cider, didnt find sage leaves in 3 supermarkets (not even dried) So I went for a bit of a mix of thyme and rosemary. Which didn't give the same flavour but they sure did the trick for making it just as delicious. Have to keep my eye out for some fresh sage so I can make this properly, might even have to grow my own sage for the sake of trying it!
Made this tonight. Wonderful and so so easy to make
I tried this. It was delicious. I added pig trotters to it so it was rich and so good.
nope... sorry... cant watch this right now. im not ready to be hungry yet... im saving this for breakfast lol
I make pork in cider with apples every fall. The gravy is brown, savory and spicy. Cider goes into my squash soup too. Cider is under utilized in cooking,
From a butcher; that is a pork butt. The shoulder is the next section down. Yes, they are virtually interchangeable. However, they are in fact two different sub-primals, and if you're going to the length of getting friendly with a local butcher, it's worth note.
a la pork latte with a vinegar kicker....  \nThis was DELISH! The smell reminded me if my Grandmother's chitterlings but taste better.
my food wish is a savoury puff pastry appetizer. I keep making your sausage rolls for my guy, as he LOVES them. Unfortunately I have never been a huge fan of sausage rolls,  so I would love a little puff pastry appetizer I could make at the same time for myself!
I'm onto you chef John. I saw that America's test kitchen episode a few days ago.
Chef John: What brand of French hard cider do you use. Is Calvados appropriate? I intend to make this recipe soon.
Wow.
Can one use some of the amazing stock of the pork and cider as a stock for risotto?
My mouth watered ugh 😑 I want some !
I'm sick to death of these dammed 'Prescription Drug Commercials! I thought there was a law against advertising Prescription Drugs drugs online! All I want to do is watch these videos without all the BS!
SPIDERMAN IS HUNGRY ! SPIDER MAN HA HA HA HA HA
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Yummiest
rub rub 💩👅💋🐛
OM NOM NOM NOM NOM
Wow
Omg, that sounds foodgasmic!
Looks amazing!!!!
El chema de nega
you is you 💛
Delicata squash? Yes,please!
Kosher salt on pork...
Buttered rice you say?
That looks soooo good.
YOU ARE TRENDING :)
#25 trending thats what i wanna see
always love ur recipe this 1 looks outrageously YUM! Thank chef John.
Yoooo, Chef John is trending
Making this!! 😋😋
omg
Hi ☺️, could you do a video making mulligatawny soup sometime? Thanks!
Interesting take on Somerset Pork.
Looks like you stole this idea from another YouTube Channel
Chef, at about 6:11 you showed a close up of the simmering gravy. The sides of the dutch oven had fond on them. Why didn't you scrape it down and dissolve it into the simmering liquid?
First time the cayenne came in so late
Lol give it the old poke-a-poke-a I love Chef John!!! ^.^ Hope everyone is having great day!!
This is my new place to come to when I miss my dad reading me bed time poems.
John,  I shouldn't watch your videos at 1 in the morning.  I'm now gonna go cook.
Would this work with beef for those who can't eat pork?
Stole my recipe except that I always leave it bone on.  You just can't replicate the feel and taste of collagen.  Way better than resorting to flour or corn starch to thicken the sauce.  I also add thick apple slices to the braise so when done you have a more less savory apple sauce
John have you tried traditional English cider? Flat, strong, dry, tasting 100% of apples, tart, etc? I really think youd like it (maybe in recipes like this, or to drink...)
Takes sooo long to cook. I cooked it in a pressure cooker and took half an hour only.
we're not trying to make pulled pork here\nBut could we make pulled pork with a similar method?\npossibly thickening the sauce so it sticks more to the meat?
My heart never beats like it beats at this
I would love to see the squash recipe as well.
Ok, going on next grocery list.  Can't wait to drink the sauce!\n\nJust had the billionaire frank and beans, never been a fan but Chef John's recipe is simple, quick and absolutely gonna be an added favorite to my house (I cheated in one spot and didn't use water, I used veg broth ; ) watch the vidy and you'll understand.
Omg.....this is a alllllllllll day to cook 🍖 meat. Thanksgiving turkey 🦃 doesn't even take this long.! I'm going to give it a try though.
I have that exact same pot but can't brown anything in it! How do you brown meat on ceramic?
The rhythm of how you speak is very entertaining! :)
Wow not hours before I watched this video I bought a delicatta squash! Please show me what to do with it :)
Hi Chef John, is this recipe going up on All Recipes?
Sounds yummy. I’m making it this weekend.  Please do the squash video, too. It is squash season, after all.
You are the boss of your pork shoulder stewed in a creamy apple cider sauce!  Yes!  Want to learn more about Delicata squash for sure.  At first I thought it could have been sautéed apples which, of course, would have paired nicely with the pork shoulder.   Regardless Chef more on Delicata and other winter squash types.  Very underrated vegetable.
This man is bordering on national treasure
I could of used this recipe about 4 days ago when I found a 5LB pork shoulder for $7.00 . The only recipes I could find was bbq pulled pork.
My food wish is a open cheese pie\nhttps://i.pinimg.com/originals/55/d5/ea/55d5eac2d9f69dd00e390535d6958ff5.jpg
Congrats on being #20 on the trending list! Good for you.
the cadence of this dude's voice bothers me
Did recipe with beef shoulder instead...worked great!
Pork shoulder is one of my favorite cuts from pork besides pork ribs and belly. Usually pork loins are too lean to my taste unless I make it sous vide.
Everything is better with a touch of Cayenne.
Cider from France??? Live local,buy local,love local,,,support our own.
¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸ \nTHANK YOU   FOR SHARING WONDERFUL VIDEO . ALWAYS  HAVE A NICE TIME WATCHING . WONDERFUL EDITING\nAND PRESENTATION. HOPE YOU HAVE WONDERFUL WEEK. GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA . TWO THUMBS UP.♫ .(ړײ) ♫\n¨°º¤ø„¸   ¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø„¸  ¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø„¸  ¸„ø¤º°¨¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸ ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨
I would like to try this with lamb.
Wooo 25 on trending!! 😁😁😁
i reduce my sauce/gravy in a vacuum evaporator.. so much better
listen to me now and hear me later....lol
Chef John, Amid the chaos, corruption and scandal that peppers the news on a daily basis, your humour and good nature provide the perfect antidote! Please keep up the great work!
Just made it. With a twist I reduced with a bit of the best home made beef stock, no salt added, and put just a few flakes of teragon. Wow amazing.
bouncin on my boy's d to this
All I saw in the title was PORK CREAMY SAUCE
Hello Chef John. I just made this and the pork was delicious, but the gravy is too tangy/vinger-y. Did I not reduce it enough? I reduced the liquid low and even added about 2 teaspoons of sugar because the sauce was very vinegar-y.
Why does he sound like he is singing?
Good god his tone of voice is so crazy its like hes excited about every single sentence that comes out of his mouth oh my god!
where is the beef, I mean MEAT!!!!!! I'm not much on boiled fat.
What did you say the glaze at the bottom of the pan is called ?
his voice goes up and down again and again
Now give it the old poka poka  i will forever use this😂😂😂
i dont know enough about being jewish, but is there a thing with kosher salt on pork, is that halal or whatever ok forget it.
chef john - i really must ask you this: do you have some religious objection to pressure cookers??  while this may not be the best example, but there are plenty where you could have used one and (imho) think you could have gotten better results, far faster.  you NEVER use pressure cookers.  what's up with that?\n\nanyone else with me on this?
I am sure others commented on @  4:14  the sauce went from a liquid to a thicker more reduced sauce. Plus pan had more meat in after the edit.  Chef John I am rather disappointed in this presentation.
Part 1: https://goo.gl/HxiD\nPart 2: https://goo.gl/RuCGSo\nPart 3: https://goo.gl/L8UCZp\nPart 4: https://goo.gl/M5v6FV\nPart 5: https://goo.gl/c1Vaoc\nPart 6: https://goo.gl/G3F8pr\nPart 7: https://goo.gl/KnGK5V\nPart 8: https://goo.gl/5YUVk7 \nPart 9: https://goo.gl/Fw2vhV\nPart 10: https://goo.gl/FWS12R \nPart 11: https://goo.gl/FwUdE9 \nPart 13: https://goo.gl/UsRywM
A Slave and a Slave Master CAN NOT pray to the same God!!!
The white supremacist have always used religion to control black people and we've allowed it to happen since slavery. Always forgiving these white supremacist race soldiers for killing innocent unarmed black people.
I think black people process non-belief differently. Generally, whites become Atheists and want to tell the entire world. Many of them come off as having a real ax to grind with religion. Plenty of black people have turned away from religion. We just don't feel the need to broadcast it like that.
Love DL he always says whats on his mind
Black and atheist as ever, however I stay gucci down to the socks
*Church is THE gayest place on earth.  I feel sorry for the gays @times.  Imagine me attending a KKKlan rally/backwoods meeting only to hear they don't like my kind for hours on end?  This is how gay folk look in church when Rev. Do-Wrong speaks of them going to hell on a bobsled for being gay.  Then he signals the gay choir director to cue the music.* sad.
so much truth...why I left
Wild wild wild
Black atheist here 🙋🏾‍♂️
Forgive but Never Forget!
Is it true that the Slave masters enslaved us for reasons like we can read and they enslaved us again and gave us a Bible. No harm intended....
D.L look like he has a plate of potato salad
Proud black, Southern atheist right here!!! Fuck that milk dud headed Steve Harvey because I know my moral barometer is much better than his(whatever the fuck is a moral barometer anyways!!)
Gays flock to the church because they feel safe because they know the church HAS to accept everyone.  It's their safe place.
ATL niggas be like it's only gay if you suck dick and you like
im just here to see what the DoDo chasers are going to say !
He dont have any eyebrows...dl need to do some research on cartoon tho i mean the gayest shit ever..
black people dont like gay people? ..fake news
Shout out to Eddie Long!
It's so many niggas on the down low in church
Vaccines changes the dna of the children,  so u add that with gmo products,  bad water, and gay images. We are in a war.
hell is a mythology about Earth, so u might as well let that fear go, G and hit the books. Salute to the OG DL tho on God/Allah/Buddha and Big Mama.
DL? More like Double D L! Look at those fucked up titties of his!
D.L. is correct look at side effects of soybean food, vaccines, dental mercury amalgam and black preacher etc it's crazy man very crazy the world we live in
I didn't know this brother was so deep
dl..if it's supposed to be a girl, but she's just a guy Cross dressing!? then he rapes your daughter? his point is correct. but that's not OUR, people against it, point..
I KNOW God exists. But that's not for me to prove. Either your spirit knows or you're just lost in the human experience. Such is life, literally. But if you fear going to hell that's not true belief anyway. May as well be athiest.
And DL just LOVES Church.
Download Remember Our Love by David King 1Bx right now on ITUNES!\nhttps://itunes.apple.com/us/album/remember-our-love/id371455137
Psalm 14:1 The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good... The fool (one who is morally perverse, not mentally deficient) is described as to his belief (no God) and behavior (none... good). His is a practical rather than a theoretical atheism. vv.2-7. Psalm 10:4; Psalm 53:1; Genesis 6:11-13; Romans 3:10. Be Bless.
I'm a black atheist 😉
forgiving? \nRuthless. \nWhy does every black person think slavery was like all the slave movies? \nDo people know what a drama is . If slave movies showed the vast reality of it you would be bored off your ass. Plantations were often to mostly remote , rural and life was tedious and mundane. Africans Americans know nothing about the actual brutality of slavery . The real brutality was over in Africa where Muslims (whether black , Arab or Amizigh) castrated slaves. Why does everything that rape was so common and prevelant. That's just an assumption from watching slave dramas. \nWhy do American blax show almost no interest in learning about the real past? Because deep down they don't want to know their real involvement.
Black gay men go to church because that's what black women do.  They take their cues from black female behavior.  They mimic them completely.  Church attendance in the black community is cultural and traditional.  It's not about God or being a good Christian.  It's about following that cultural imperative, because your mama and grandma forced you to go and they called out Jesus name in vain all the time.  The black church is a cesspool of sin.  There is no God there.
There's plenty of evidence: go to evidenceunseen.com and actually investigate and read a book vlad.  You can tell your not studied our country is becoming post modern not atheist anymore.  If you are an atheist you have no objective standard of morality, you have no objective purpose, there is no point of even living if there is nothing after this because you can't take it with you.  You have the burden of proof.
I don't Agree with this Fool at all but He's Dead On...Churches be Gay asf 💯😂
Please...don't....mention Jesus's name....you're an athiest right? And dont mock Christianity...as for what I said about you choking or gasping for air....believe me...you would no longer be an atheist...NOW....dont bother responding moron.
This Russian bitch stop dropping parts and just drop entire video
When you can sing every word of conjunction junction, but still don't know what one is...that part!
So a suicide bomber is spiritually fine? A pedophilic priest is spiritually fine? Black people spend $14 mil a week at church, but hardly support each other or invest in our community infrastructure. That $14 mil would be a great start towards being financially fine as you put it. My comment came as harsh, but I truly don't care about or hate any religion, I just see it as a hindrance for progress and a waste of my time.
I'm bout to start going to church again, find me a black woman.
D.L. actually has a point, cause the black Church well not Church, but the crazy lunatics inside the Church hates LGBT ppl, but they're always the ones whose LGBT, but on the DL...what D.L. said about the Boosie thing is what I've been saying for the longest is that nothing can turn you gay or make you gay, cause you're gay if you find the same gender attractive, so how can seeing gay ppl on TV automatically make you attracted to the same gender? that means you already had thoughts like that, but scared to express it and also when you're uncomfortable with LGBT ppl then you turn to children trying to use that as bait and blame blame blame...on the restroom thing I just think that women whether cis or trans should be in the woman's restroom period, cause what if you put Jazz Jennings a 16 year old in the men's restroom? what about her safety? cause there's numbers of assaults done to trans women and not one evidence showing that trans women use the restroom for nefarious purpose, but ppl are uncomfortable, so they bait you talking about what about the children? well guess what dummies, a predator doesn't need a law to stop them from hurting kids you morons.
I'm tatted up, but his tattoos doesn't fit him
He sounds stupid as hell.  I see why I don't even entertain his shows.  Go do something with your life becasue your wisdom and been a comedian is not working for you.  How his men in the church are gay.  You may have 1 out of 100 but you saying it as if all men in church is gay.  My choir director is not gay.
Correction Mr Hughley. You need Jesus, Comic View. As a 'Joy' man, a homospiritual, gayness is a sexually oriented counterfeit of my spiritual relationship with an invisible man called Jesus. He makes my joy complete. Ever since I started listening to Jesus every other dude started looking like a ladyboy. You too, Jamar. Just ask Yeezus. My wife would prefer it if I slept in the bed with Jesus inside me. I don't expect anyone to understand what it is to be 'joy'. Joy rights have been replaced gay rights, the spiritual with sex. I'm staying in love with my man Jesus, Jamaicans know this is right. I'm just in love with the perfect man. It saves me watching anybody else, whooo! Joy pride...looks like a fool on a cross until you wake up into reality.
What is up with all those tattoos on his neck...SMH\nDude is over 50 with all that mess on him.
If u dont believe in God then Who created the earth ur standing on? Who created Adam and Eve? How would u know that a woman was made for a man? How would u know that homosexuality is wrong? Plz dont say science . Majority of these so called christians u see today are fake christians so people give up on faith becuz of how christianity is being portrayed. Anybody can go to church and claim they're a Christian, but are they truly living the Word of God? If I go to a church and all I see is homosexual ppl in the pulpit and the pastor isnt preaching the word of God or is teaching prosperity, i know thats wrong becuz thats NOT christianity. Im not gonna jst say well God isnt real and give up on my faith based off other peoples sinful acts. That should have nothing to do with ur walk with God. All u can do is pray for them.
D.L is not lying about that.  All jokes aside 💯💯💯💯
Vlad : Kaityln Jenner was ESPN's woman of the year!\nDL : Yeah & she wasn't a woman for a month!
Bra DL old ass TATTED THE FUCK UP THO !!! I nigga got mo hits then lil wayne
The Truth will either set you free or scare the shit out you God is a women not the one n that fake as Bible with fake ass jesus
TOXIC COMMENT SECTION BELOW: GRAB SOME POCORN AND SOME ORANGE MILK SIT BACK AND ENJOY THE SHOW!
A  black man on his knees in a church with a white jesus image in his mind you got to be GAY. Along with that type of posture and that image NO way you can be a positive image other young black men absolutely 👎 NO way.
That have to conflict your mind a lot on top of all the other issues that they face
Man, i LOVE this hat DL. Very stylish sir. Man, it's banging!!!!!!!
You wanna solve the bathroom issue....write dick on one door and vagina on the other...boom
This guy acts woke but he really isnt. He is also indoctrinated by white society. IMO.
The last minute of the video, he's right. Like no you want people to know. That example goes along with so many other things
It was given to us by the white man to keep us down! They hid the truth and our history from us please READ and RESEARCH
Boozie saying their trying to make ppl gay but he said when he was locked up he seen 2 niqqers fucking each other... So I guess black dudes don't need no help?!
He said it doesn't make sense lol
I like D.L., but I think there is something to what Boosie said.  I've seen things and been a victim of things that give me an understanding of how people can try to intrude on the most personal and basic attributes of human existence.  And the big orgs that he's talking about are made up of people.  As a writer, I often write about character's private lives and a few of those characters in every would I have created have been homosexual.  I'm not trying to change the sexuality of others, I'm just creating worlds that look like the world I've experienced.  But others aren't like me.  If they can use storytelling power to rule over others, they will.
I used to believe in God.. until my grandmother, a woman who has served the Lord for the majority of her life, spent most of her time serving the church, has always paid her ties....ends up with Alzheimer dementia...God is allowing her to lose her mind, despite her faithfulness. My family seems to believe that she can just speak the disease away by quoting scriptures, esp my aunt who is in denial... and it really enrages me. IDK what to believe... im leaning/moving more towards Deism to be honest.\n\nMy aunt is in denial, willfully ignorant about my grandmother's condition... and as a result, she is doing things that she is not supposed to do when dealing with an elderly person that has this condition, she doesn't understand that my grandmothers mind rubberbands and that the disease causes habits that are innate ... so it is pointless to attempt to constantly correct or remind my grandmother.. I got so angry at her a couple weeks ago about a situation between both of them that  i wanted to lay hands on her.... but that would be unacceptable.
Never mistake the Christian church for being connected with the bible,its not!!!\nThey hold the bible in their hand but blaspeme and don't follow it or teach it at all!!!!
2:00-06 he just said the shit Vlad
I believe in the higher power but not da bullshit
YOOHOO....OVER HERE DL!!! I'm black and I am an atheist!!!! And I know a few more! We are DEFINITELY out here, lol!!!
Fucking facts!
Y'all wannabe atheist nigga goofy 😆😆
Dislike squadddd all day culture vulture
society...meaning white people.
That forgiveness trait comes from slavery!
Vlad don't know SHIT
Black atheist here! ✋🏿
https://youtu.be/VA5xiaR971I
this ninja retarded
greatttttttttttt question VLAD..
Homos flock to church
Now He Tripping
Christianity is a religion designed for peasants! I have more respect for (1)Buddhist, (2)Muslims, hell , even(3) Scientologist.  This is why blacks cling on to it. When they fabricated the stories in the book they did it so to control the mass population and  to keep lower class people in check.
I don't believe in God. I think religion is used for mind control. I'm not knocking anybody for believing, as long as you practice what you preach. If not, keep it movin'
No shit! A Jew obsessed with black culture is essentially an atheist... I've never seen one of those before
This guy is weird looking now lol
I bet there are plenty of people who go to church every Sunday, sit in the pews, and have a struggle in their heart and mind about whether God truly exists. They go out of routine and from fear of rejection and disownment from family, partners and friends. At least 90% of blacks are religious and are ready to cut your throat if you say you don't believe God exists. So some people keep quiet and just do the routine.
DL face when Vlad said gay cartoons 😂😂😂
In slavery the church was the only place you could come together and have some relief , it was like the only social gathering available almost like a concert  , you was not allowed in night clubs , theatres and etc. Thats why it became a big deal with the culture .
The black church is definitely beyond suspect of gay shit
We should not be so forgiving
What's up with dude vlad a black people. He need to talk to some real niggas
Just read Deuteronomy 28 the whole chapter an Deuteronomy 7, an Psalms 83. It will tell you who the true hebrew an jews are. An why black people go through so much
African spirituality is full of forgiving people also before, and after Christian influence.
Boosie said evil coming at the kids with gay agenda through cartoons D L refutes it and then turns around to strengthen it with his bathroom logic saying they're trying to push something on us we don't agree with by unnecessarily bringing it up, whether cartoons parades bathroom disputes or coming out the closest it's to desensitize and normalize abnormalities
Davey & Goliath was a Lutheran show. Shame on you D.L.
Forgive lol why?
Been A Black Athiest since Birth!'
WE ARE THE REAL JEWS THE ISREALITES
Vladimir Putin SHUT THE FUCK UP FUCK UP... ps MR HUGHLY SHUT THE FUCK UP.. AFTER U TELL A LIL TRUTH......\n\n\n\n\n\nRead More \n\n\n\n\n\n\nStupid mf
Reverse Psychology 101: First Create a Religion. Then claim that the Religion comes from certain books (Bible). Then hire many who hate and despise the books (Bible) & Yah to proclaim a ton of lies about the books and many customs. \nAnd people who dont read, will hate the persons (Yahweh & Yisrael) in the book, the book itself (Bible) and the religions they think come from the books (bible)\n\nYea, yall fell for the okie doke. 99.999% of people who hate Yah/Bible dont hate it because of what they read, but they hate it from he say/she say of religions and religious people, and the things religious people do.
Goe is Real ! Just because you don't see his presence that's what Faith is about... This life is a Test
I'M A BLACK CHRISTIAN.
I'm an American, and I thought it was Barrow Alaska
“because logic and sensibility doesnt exist in russia”\nfucking savage
hell-ZINK--ee?  I've always heard Helsinki (Finland) pronounced hell-SINK-ee.  With the eastern part of the old Northwest Territories in Canada being spelled Nunavut, I know it's not pronounced NOON-uh-vit, but NOON-uh-vut.//Next, the town in Svalbard (Longyearbyen) is long-YEARB-yen, not long-YEAR-ben (You neglected to pronounce the 2nd. 'y'..//Thule (Greenland) is pronounced TWO-lee, not TWO-lay, as they don't speak Spanish up there, but you're giving the 2nd. syllable a Spanish pronunciation.
Ny-Ålesund's population of 35 looks good, but I know a capital city with a population of 20! Do I win?
You might want to consider using map projections that show places in the poles more accurately/beautifully! Svalbard has a super interesting geography and the maps you showed don't do it justice :) - http://www.georeference.org/doc/guide_to_selecting_map_projections.htm
Wonder what the northern and southernmost Internet accessible location is in the world?  Thanks, guys, for a great series!!!!!
This Helped Me on My Class Project
Been watching your Wendover Productions stuff for a while, but I never knew you could be so funny!  This channels great, keep up the good work.
Do a video about Jan mayen
Ask a Brit the most northern town is Edinburgh 😂😂😂 one of Scotlands most southern city's from 7 😂😂
I remember this treaty of Svalbard. An infotainment tv-show in Hungary actually went there in 2002-ish and symbolically planted a flag.
This guy sounds like Wendover Productions
Place is cold dude decide to paint the house blue
But I like stupid YouTube's.
Toronto lol.  Come on man Americans aren't that stupid.  Most would probably say Anchorage or something in Alaska.
thumbs down for the pushing of storyblocks. oh an a shit, uniformative video
Came here for the video, but fell in love with Tromsø.
I was really hoping you'd add Ittoqqortoormiit Greenland to the list.  Mostly because I really wanted to hear you try to pronounce Ittoqqortoormiit.
great vid\nkeep it up👍
DO a video on New Hampshire’s “Northern Pass” its a pretty short topic so it will fit with this channel and I think you will like it! Plz like this so he can see!
I loved the Toronto joke
Wow ads built into the video. Fuck that
cheeky transition to the sponsor in the end. I like it.
Most northern town showdown;\n\nAmerica: Looks like shit\nRussia: looks like shit\nNorway: Looks pretty decent
I really thought it would be Eureka
Good luck tho the Norwegian post service is slow even on the mainland
Norway squad, where ya at?
You know you live in Ny-Ålesund when you cheat on your wife and the whole town finds out about it
I'd say do the southern most town, but I imagine everyone's parents are brother and sister, and the place would be rampant with mental disability.
Love it that you roast everyone – even Newark 😂😂😂
Fascinating video. Thank you for all of your hard work in making it!
I have a friend from Svalbard, hes fuckin' weird.
Half As Intresting \nHalf As Awesome!\n\n\n\n\n\nI think thats a compliment.....
Whats the northernmost town? How depressed are they? Why havent they moved? And why am i still commenting!?
Hey, Long-Years-byen right?\n(Long year it's been)
I found one flight reference. I'm at peace now.
So Svalbard might not require a visa but in order to get there - I'm assuming you will need a transit visa via a third country to get there depending on your passport.
Omg my grandad did his military service in Murmansk in soviet times
You should have used a globe instead of a projection for this one
grise fiord, nunavut is the most northern town
Tromsø\nPronounced (bear with me, that ø is a vowel that doesn't occur in English) trohm-say (-ay has rounded lips)\nÅlesund\nPronounced Uh-lay-soond
I like that word stupid youtuber
Is there any internet there on that island?
Why would a Brit say that Edinburgh's the most northern town in the world? it's not even the most northern town in the UK.  I'm currently in Loch Ness, which is situated in Inverness, a whole city further north than Edinburgh.
As a Canadian, i'm actually happy that you put up a picture of two tents in Alert and called it our northern most military settlement. Our military is useless.
Your transitions into the ad part are getting more creative...
Can you please make more videos every week
I'm Norwegian and the way he pronounces the cities is hilarious😂
I live in Toronto, anyone else?
This video is stolen
Toronto the northernmost? I hope this was just a joke and no one believes that, the US has entire states north of Toronto (Washington, Montana and North Dakota).
i get rly annoyed by the way he pronounces tromsø
You're more sarcastic than informative
Why would a Brit say Edinburgh?
Does it have Internet
After seeing this video, I was really excited with story blocks free trial and went for it and from the impression I got in the video I would be able to download many clips over the next 7 days and try out this amazing platform, but just after downloading a half a dozen clips or so I got a message saying I have exceeded the limit of video I could download during the trail, this limit wasn't explicit in your video or after clicking the link. I would like to know if anything can be done about this and if I could continue downloading stock footage
It's not too-lay\n\nit's a th sound like when you say through then ool like tool
I’ve been to Ny-Ålesund
Only British people aren't retarded enough to think Edinburgh is the northernmost town.
You can just decided to move to Svalbard. You are required to have a job  if you wanna live there and you need a permanent address somewhere else. When you retire you have to move.
Not only did he call Edinburgh a town he didnt realise that there is civilization above it seriously?
How about what is the southernmost Town in the world?
The transition to that sponsorship was not boring at all. That's pure marketing.
Already trending on this channel..Big things are to come
Thank you for the video! Ive always wondered whats going on the northernmost part of the world..
because logic and sensibility does not exist in Russia...\n\nhuh. it'll be The Northenmost World in Town
I wanna move to svalbard.
If you ask an American, the northernmost town in the world is probably Toronto, Canada.\n\n\n\nLmfao
The humour is great, and that segway into the ad was flawless
Half as interesting is the mean cousin of wendover productions.
1:12 How the f**k is Murmansk a city with 300000 people a town
Professional text editing and proofreading service: http://www.fiverr.com/s2/7badf9f9f2?utm_source=CopyLink_Mobile
funny guy\nloveu
Wendover Productions!
Hah nice segway
Visa-Free?  What about MasterCard?
Congratulations you walking advertisement.
Okay, you STOOPID YOUTUBER...
Suomi mainittu torilla tavataan
The Starks liked this video
I love american YouTube vidoes involving Norway
More visa free places 😊😄
The sellouts are real
Hahaha new jersey jokes
wendover = intersting
Lol Toronto
Toronto? Gtfoh
newark just got roasted
4:18 like Jake paul?
Like that work ; stupid YouTubers 😉
y como vivo en la patagonia, me agradan este tipo de lugares
4:26 nice advertising lmao
0:47 win 10 background picture
4:19 *cough* jakepaul *cough* sign me up!
You CAN live in Alert as it's a city
Just call it Long Year City, that's what it means
The way he says Tromsø is funny
My mom used to live an hour away from Murmansk!
Barrow AK ?
As a Norwegian, I learn more about my country from foreign youtubers than from school
Is she suggesting that we are being spied and listed by someone?
After three days I’ve watched every video and I’m up to date.
U would make a good teacher
LOLOL...why would 7k like this IDIOT who's running to the bank!!
the more you know.
You remind me of Luna from Harry potter
Did anyone see they she was looking in a different direction in the beginning of the video
Wie everyone think that you are a monster , ghost or something strange thing ?
What the fuck is this!??!?
You'ar a doll Poppy
Poppy what is your name
can I don'T stoph writing and feel no confused about everything funniest way?
okay with this secret system you listen to the whole world as you like and you follow it very well I do not wonder the message
wtf ur soooooooooo weird. whats the point of making this
come to mexico poppy please!i adore you!
THIS IS THE FAKE POPPY IM THE REAL POPPY MY CHANEL PROOVES IT ALL
How many subs does she have?
no offence but if she joins porn.....her partner will never reach to orgasm or fking cum...i repeat *never*
Did you know that Poppy is voiced by the girl that sang the cup song? :D
Is she a robot or a doll does she need help
Going from creepy af to history class
Yeah..no.. I don't like her
This is kind of creepy but entertaining
what the heel are these comments
I love you poppy
I didn't realise you can see her subscriber count now\nIt's 331k
That actully pretty useful poppy thank you i want to learn more about this from you :)
i want to join illumianti how can devil help me\ni am looking for a conversation with devil.
Hey poppy I love you💜💜💜💜💜
Anyone else know how many subscriber she has
Your voice soothes me for some reason
Poppy is in my nightmares..
God is a lie
The wired part of YouTube
I Subribed I'm the first subcriber
Poppy are you in contact that you can't run away if you run away you die I know your secret I will save you I will telll the police then you will be safe your my best friend
MIC MIC BUNGEE (like if you get that)
look at her arms and legs i'm losing my shit\nt h e y a r e c h a r l o t t e ' s b o d y p a r t s\nGUYS IM FREAKING OUT
Your freaky sry for being mean but you are .........
hell hell hell.. come to the hell...
I like reading comment on poppy's video.
Poppy is a smart Poppy
Microphones are all over your house listening to every word you say I MEAN WHAT
Poppy is the best
I like you... your speaking style...
🖤🎤🤘
OOOO YEEEEE
Wot de fok
WTF SHE NEEDS HELP
Amk veledi oruspu pis pirimci
taam abe yha annadım
WHY DOES POPPY ONLY HAVE 4 SUBS?!
Baanne kardas
Al o mikrofonu götüne sok poppy.
Wth
Poppy is super weird
Girl*
Science rules!
Shut up
Poppy you are creepy...
POPPY LAYING DOWN SOME KNOWLEDGE!!!
I think i am geting branwashed help p p p p p........im poppy im poppy im poppy. ..........i am poppy
▉▉▉▉▉▉◤┳◥▉▉▉▉▉▉ \n▉▉▉▉▉◤┳┻┳◥▉▉▉▉▉\n▉▉▉▉◤┳┻┳┻┳◥▉▉▉▉ \n▉▉▉◤┳━┳━┳━┳◥▉▉▉ \n▉▉◤┳┃┈( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)┈┃┳◥▉▉\n▉◤┳┻╰━━━━━╯┻┳◥▉ \n◤┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳◥
Elbissi gzlmis
Gancık
ı love you poppy  <3
Mic Drop
Wow I feel so educated :D
I am Illuminati
A MICROPHONE IS A MICROPHONE
O_O
K
Wtf
MICROWAVE WTF
noice
Who is poppy ??
Poppy is Satan
Unuttuk sandin demi yarram
Illuminati
Get reeeekekkkkktttttttttttt
Love u
Poppy Clone
She hot
😛😛😛😛😛😛😛👺👹😈👺👹😈👺👹😈👺👹😈👺👹😈👻👻👻👻👻👻👿👿👿👿💩💩💩💩💏💏💏💏👆🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕👈👈👈👈👈👈🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕💏💏💏💏💏🖓🖓🖓🖓🖓👃👃👃👃👃👃👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👗👗👗👗👗👗👗🐕🐕🐕🐕🐲🐲🐲🐲🐲
+ lıke
Congrats on Streamy Awards!!!You were beutiful❤❤❤Love you!
I Love Your Outfit ●3<
Am I the only one who is terrified to subscribe? 😂🤷🏽‍♀️
Avalon 737sp. One must never forget the legacy Neumann has created as well. But without Studer and Ampex, it never would have been as successful as the medium wouldn’t have grown in fidelity. And you didn’t mention the groundbreaking design of the Unidyne III element that made Shure legendary with the 545, 565, SM57, SM58, SM5, SM7b. And Electro Voice’s Variable D that minimizes proximity effect with the venerable and ever present RE20. This is a rather incomplete history of microphones to get so many views. Not only are there dynamic and condenser microphones, but also tube microphones and ribbon microphones. Different polar patterns. Frequency response and sensitivity. Condensers require 48 volts phantom power. Good preamps such as Neve and API, as well as Midas and SSL and the Avalon mentioned earlier.
What the fuck is this random shit
Titus Sinclair sucks I just watch because I want to fuck poppy
This i ever so creepy.
This is creepy.
literly every episode of keeping up with the kardashians
Fuck this shit I’m out
fuck you poppy you are a pice of shit and go to hell bitch
Fuck you
WTF
💩💩💩💩💩💩👹
stop making these videos you fucking weirdo
Smash it 💪🏿
I got your back mate
Classic
5:42 bad boys
madness
Respect stormzy
Dang bro respect
Big Mike🔥🔥💪🏼
Fucking art
Art.
fam this bare relatable  fucking hell this was mad
Love it
Those visuals🔥🔥
Nice one stormz!! 👍
Banging!!
MADDDD TINGGGGGGGGGG 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Who Jah Bless, No Man Curse! Respect Stormzy! Nice Work....
#merky
#MERKY2017 !!
