YouTube cancer
lmfao 😂 android phones had these for a long time already and when i saw this video, i was like LOL
Can you do a giveaway for  the iPhone 8
She has a bedtime??
“but guess what, ur messages are green and not blue!” 😂😂😂
*It must be fantastic to be able to rake in millions of subs based off of teenagers wanting to cum on your face.*
Does the iPhone 8 come with the charger?
the black wireless charger sort of look like a coaster
LOL my s5 has too wireless charging and now after 3 years iphone has plus the phone is just like the same just with wireless charging and another number and big price. I just had to change my case to my s5 to have wireless charging without using my phone. Back then the first iphone was like 500$. Yep you heard it 500 and now the price is going higher and higher.
I phone operated by idiots. It is similar to buying a 2 year old samsung.
Most things on iphones we're made by Samsung and burrowed from android
I got the iPhone 8 gold the day it came out I’m so happy
Why not Iphone 10 like everyone else has?? What-are you busted out broke or something?  Guess being YouTube tool doesn't pay what we thought.
Yeah, but guess what?  Your messages are green... NOT BLUE!  That was great. 😂😂😂
What I film this days ago ? God complicated
It's a very big pad ... 😂
الى من  السعوديه لايك
Esta es la tipica estupida que si tiene que hacer un unbox de iphone 7 lo vuelve a hacer.. o sea lo acaba de hacer con el watch y el 8
03:00 MILEY
U sellout
5:26, haha.
IOS11??
This Persol glasses rly fit you! <3
Your voice is annoying
Shes a reptilian 🦎 newsflash 😐👽
You can so good spell English. Ok you're English 😂😂I'm german and i can a little bit English speak. OMG it's 20:59 OK I wount sleep but I have 6:00 school. OK good night 🌃😴
Justine can u at least use a pocket socket?? - Mimi Van Thanks! :D
You should giveaway some of your old apple stuffs so you will gain more subscribers...
that's not an iphone 8 plus case, its an iphone 7 plus case, on the 8 the dual cameras are vertical...
I'm a leftie but I keep my watch on my left hand and it's so dirty..
Android green messeges vs. iphone blue messeges........ this shit makes me angry.. girl you can change the fing color of the messeges on android... which you cannot do on ios... Its time to stop being so stupidly excited for apple products because they are getting less and less innovative every fking year its just plain stupid... Its time to switchhh ;)
She's rich
Samsung wins
5:35 ROASTEDDDDDDD
I hopped on a plane at LAX\nWith my Switch and my Cardigan.
i always confuse her for being transgender
The iPhone 8 and iPhone 7 r literally like the same thing
You would buy you loser the iPhone
I like the white wireless charger more
that time you buy a samsung qi charger for your iphone......\n\nedit: you want the heavier one so it slides less.
This women symbolises so much of whats wrong with the world
I’m left handed
The positive energy is great :)
Where do u get your cases I really want one
I own the pink gold dock
Did she work for the react channel?
Where are your glasses frames from??
She really tries to act like uncle Lew...
I’m also left handed!!❤️⌚️
Your messages are green!!! Not blue!!! Justine 2017
4 million guys subscribed  just to watch her. lol no matter the theme
I found it so funny how she worried about how the watch looked on her and how hard of a choice it was when there’s people that can’t even afford food, ily Justine😭😭😭
*someone get this girl a android phone*
It is okay that you are left-handed because I am# left-handed Squad👍
Have fun for paying for fast charging with both iPhones! Lmaooo.  Have to buy a separate cord and block
mugs like this woman are the reason apple are making money for so little changes and innovation
Apple is brain washing every1 with that iPhone 8.  Basically a 7 with a glass back...\n\n\n\nIPhone X is okay.\n\nS8 does everything the X does, AND I STILL HAVE A HEADPHONE JACK!\n\n\nPlus in case u were wondering s8 has a higher resolution than the X\n\n\nIn fact, its a WQHD + 2960x1440 SUPER OMOLED Infinity screen.     Curved screen.  Glass back. Camera doesn't stick out....\n\n\nThe 3 things Iphone X does better is records at 4K 60f.  S8 is 4k at 30F.      But the 60f does a great difference.\n\nAnd X has 3D facial recognition, while s8 has it too but can be unlocked with a random pic of ur face.   :/    unless ur friends carry a life size pick of ur face everywhere,,,,,BUT u can turn this feature off, so ur safe...\n\n\n3rd is face emoji, but why do we need That? \n\nS8 still has Finger scan I.D\nIPhone X DOES NOT.  \n\n\nI mean ask urself this question....what r u doing on a iPhone that a s8 can't already do?\nIf u use insta, snap, YouTube, than why not get the s8???\n\ncost less and looks really really nice.
but guess what? Your messages are GREEN. NOT blue!\n\n\nI ugly giggled. Thank you Justine. Lol
You can flip the ui for left handed people
“Your messages are green, not blue.” My thoughts exactly.
I think you look pretty cool with glasses. You're cool either way; just a different look.
Ughhh when we thought the iphone 6+ was new... And the iphone 7.. now im behind and people will think my phones old 📱😂
PLEASE REVIEW THE NEW SPORT LOOP APPLE WATCH BAND!!!!!!!!!
Well your messages are green NOT BLUE!! I literally live for your quotes ❤️😍
Your messages are green NOT BLUE.  , I'm dead 😂
Your eyes are too far apart lmaooo
R u getting iPhone x which would u recommend iPhone 8 or x
why are the dogs american and not Japanese
Until I saw this trailer, I had no idea that Ed Norton and Demetri Martin are the same person.
0:32 i was wondering why this song sounded familiar we played it for band 😂😂\n\ntbh this actually looks really good, i love this style of movie making. jts unique and has a different feel
Honestly? I think Wes Anderson has kind of moved past the point of coherence now. Like he's just fucking with us now.
Literally 5 seconds in I thought wow this has massive Wes Anderson vibes, before seeing the director at the end.
Finally a good movie about dogs that is not super cringey
Why do people like dogs so much? Is it because their really annoying and weird looking?
I was like cool when I saw it now I want to see the movie
it's not a Wes Anderson film without Bill Murray in it xD
This showed up in my feed yesterday and I only just saw it now.\n\nGood lord I need this movie in my life
Wed Anderson + Japan + Dogs...was this movie made specifically for me?
They tried to use real dogs but Fox isn't good with things like decency so they all died
Looks like the same guys who made Fantastic Mr Fox.
the fantastic fox 2 looks great
10th time seeing this trailer. \n\nNot. Ashamed. One. Bit.
25,000 humans are killed by dogs every year worldwide. 3rd highest killer of humans.
Been anxiously awaiting another wes anderson universe and this looks like it wont disappoint. So excited!
tournament however supply closely die model gene sponsor
This is too weird for me lol
Looks damn weird lol but in a good way
Is this made by the same people that created the amazing Mr. Fox?
looks almost as bad as Fantastic Mr. Fox
I HAVE TO SEEE THIS MOVVVVIIIIIEEEEEEEEE
The ten year old in me is FREAKING LOSING IT right now. I HAVE to see this movie.
I had a nightmare about dogs that look exactly like that but way sicker. Slightly terrifying, but the movie seems great lol
This looks really good I hope I can see in the future
Anyone know the name of the song that starts at 1:08?
I like the movie, but not the style of it
fantastic mr fox\ni mean dog.\nfantastic mr dog.
God I love this director
This is the Wes Andersoniest of all the Wes Anderson movies.
I'M SO EXCITED!!!
Once again, Wes Anderson blows me away with his music choices. God bless you.
I have a feeling cats are going to be the villains, which I approve of.
I am already in love with this movie.
I didn't really understand this but I don't care its about dogs and Im getting some serious Fantastic Mr. Fox vibes from this
I can't help notice the name  Kobayashi because I like this anime called, Kobayashi Chi No Dragon Maid (I honestly forgot what it's called 🙃)\n\nAlso my favourite character is  Miss Kobayashi\nSecond is Kanna Kamui (Again, I forgot  the name (last name) 😕)
I need to see this...
Reminds me of Coraline because of the animation type and style
Beautiful. I can´t wait!
Will I be happy if I pay to watch this 💯
I've watched every one of Wes Anderson's films at least 5 times, Fantastic Mr. Fox being my favorite. I've gotten at least some of my friends to enjoy his movies and I love his films to death. They give me life.
Pretty mundane topic but I just want to go because of the animation
Dude this is gunna be a trippy looking movie
If it has the same animation as Fantastic Mr. Fox, then I'm in!
This is Anderson's Amends for all the dogs that have died or been injured in his other movies.
Why don't they just eat the dogs?
I can't wait to see how this animation turns out for the film.
The Wes Anderson hype is real!!!!!!
Ill only watch for the dogs...theyre hilarious af 😂👌
This movie is going to slap majorly. Wes daddy back at it again my guys.
This is just scary
I am scared and confused
I fucking love the art style
*When you fuse anime with Adult Swim. Should’ve regret it.*
God I love Wes Anderson dialogue.
ISLE OF DOGS SOUNDS LIKE I LOVE DOGS
Wtf is this\n\nOh shit nevermind this is neat
Welp, here's another Wes Anderson movie. They still censor the swears like they did in Fantastic Mr. Fox? I'd like to watch it either way.
Another Wes Anderson film?\nYes please.
YES. FINALLY. My life has been devoid of Anderson!
Nagasaki just can't get enough can it?
I thought I heard Laurence Fishburne in that cast as well as the other heavy hitters in their cast.
From the producers of *Fantastic Mr fox*\nMe: This could be interesting...
虹郎
This looks genuinely amazing.
SHUTUP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
this looks freaky.....
YEAHHHHHHHH!!!!! CA NOT WAIT ! !!!
their makeing noise again at 1142..
atari 2600
Looks cool
Do they like memes?
This is awesome
Fantastic Mr fox anyone?
Looks worth a watch
Nightmare fuil
wtf
Beautiful
YEEEEEEEESSSSS!!!
I love dogs too
FUCK YESSS
This is cute
Moment when chief is bojack horseman
this movie looks amazing
*nice*
Best anime 2017
jesus christ yes
REEEEEE FANTASTIC MR. FOX ANIMATION STYLE I AM REAAAADY
NICE ANIMATION!
Geez these dogs are creepy as hell.
It looks trash 😂
Furry weeaboos everywhere
Is Bryan Cranston in this?
I Love Dogs so I love this Trailer.....\nBTW I am a dog genius...Give me a clue of any breed of dog, I will guess what breed is it. Okay?\nIt's like a Quiz, IT would be fun :-)
Am I the only one a little terrified of the animation? (Not that it's bad, far from it it's a rather beautiful artistic form, but I mean actually scared of it)
well it is about cussing time we got another movie from the people of fantastic mister fox
This just is so similar to fantastic mr fox
Its like Mr Fox or whatever that movie was called!
I'd love to see the subs version for improving my knowledge of Japanese( I'm not a weaboo btw, I'm just someone who likes learning foreign words)
This American Veteran Family is Boycotting NFL!
Why are taxpayers subsiding corporations? Pay for your own stadiums! Pay the same taxes I do! This cronyism needs to end.
Unity? What a joke. Why wouldn't the NFL let the Cowboys wear a decal supporting the Dallas police?\n\nhttps://sportsday.dallasnews.com/dallas-cowboys/cowboys/2016/08/10/nfl-allow-dallas-cowboys-wear-arm-arm-decal-helmets-games
I'd be very interested to know what those kneeling are doing about the issues that they are trying draw attention too when the cameras are not on them.  Quite frankly I'm tired of listening too actors, athletes, and entertainers take stands when they lead the most privileged of lives that society has to offer and on the whole do so very little to give back or payback.  #hypocrites
Laughable.
I have always loved football. I lived out of state from my home team my entire adult life and still felt like they were my team. I'm not fair weather. I'm die hard, born and raised. \n\nI stopped watching a lot of the games and didn't go to any for the last few years. I was very disappointed in the lack of response from the NFL on domestic violence. I was really upset by taxpayer funded and subsidized profits. I was just overall let down. I'm a huge fan. And the NFL is pretty consistent on dgaf about women fans. I was the one bringing friends and my husband to the game. I was the fan in the house and in my friend group.\n\nI applaud and am cautiously enthusiastic about this and the support for free speech that I have seen in the last week. Truthfully, I find it upsetting and typical that owners, coaches, the organization had nothing to say or were negative in their response where it concerned black men dying at the hands of state funded employees, who are NOT hired to be judge, jury, and executioner in a matter of minutes or seconds, but are hired to protect and serve (lack of training and faulty procedure are to blame, in part. Our systemic racism and lack of education on privilege and our history and how it is still happening right now is getting more to the root of it). \n\nIt is upsetting that no one had much to say about unity until the black men they knew were personally and profanely attacked by Trump. He is the President. And he is spending his time in this way, between attacking others and golf games, he's made the NFL a target. He has been this all his life. And doubled down during the election. And many NFL owners, coaches, players, were supporters. How you didn't see this coming is unbelievable to me. But. Here we are. And I am happy to see the NFL kneel for free speech. I am happy to see his divisiveness called out. I'm a bit disappointed you didn't do it until the black men you personally know were called names. The black men you didn't know were murdered and you had nothing to say. But that is the way privilege has always worked. Always. It's predictable. But I didn't expect the NFL to stand and kneel together in the way that happened this weekend and I acknowledge it, despite it's predictable faults. \n\nAs for Trump and his bad ratings rants, I'm watching and I'll get to a game this season. I'm proud of your support of free speech and protest. It was a priority for this nation when it was founded. It's in the constitution for very good reasons. At the time and throughout our history. I'm giving you a chance again. Thank you for standing and kneeling  for what is right. And for not remaining silent when a bully tried to fuck with your teammates. It took awhile. Don't ghost them. \n\nI've loved football for as long as I can remember. It's not more important to me than peoples' lives. So let's see some doubledown on helmet and head injury research. Get your game together on supporting your players and fans of all colors and genders. And keep being a unifying organization. I'm here. And this is a start. It's a really great start.
Awesome! It's about time people stood up for what's right in this country. We are this country. Our flag is us. My father fought in this country for ALL Americans Proudly . He was white but America is all colors under one flag. If you don't beleave that your not a true American. The flag or the anthem isn't the problem. The problem is the President who has no respect for all Americans by being a white supremacist and any one who disagrees with him, well...you see how he has to throw a fit like a three year old who wants his way because he has been told The King is naked. At least he must think he's king because as an American and not an American who's had their blood spilled like my family. Our flag nor our country has been disrespected or instead of a knee down they'd turn their backs. I think it's an awesome way to show the President himself we are one and do not want to be divided by Nazis, KKK or white supremacist or those hate groups who support him including him being supportive to these hate groups. We are still along way from equality for more groups then people of color, transgender, woman's rights and more but we've come a long way and we've worked had toward a better future. Why would anyone support a President who's trying to tear up what bright future moving forward and being all under one flag? He not bringing us together to be one proud country, he's doing everything at every petty opportunity to spew twisted hateful things and looks for someone to stroke his ego. He's more concerned about tearing us apart then all of us working together, respecting our differences and honoring and celebrating that. A good president would se us as ONE nation under God, all of us. To stand united. After all we are the United States. He could put his little pettiness on the side you'd think and help this country. Help those in the Hurricanes, help the people of our great country to not die because of the health crisis. Who cares if it's Obama or something else, figure out a way to help not hurt, divide and destroy!
What piano riff/song is this?
You people who are so gung ho on America please watch the documentary “The Tillman Story”. A man and former NFL player who got screwed over and killed for his sincere belief for fighting for this country. He was a man who believed just like you. But never would his family believe that this government, who is supposed to be the embodiment and goodness of what the flag stands for would stoop so low as to cover up and not give straightforward answers relating to his death. And there are so many other examples besides him that I could be here for days. So, you can hype up ol’ glory all you want but until justice is served for him and others by some individuals in government who want to step up and really represent what you think the flag is, but really isn’t, but should be I suggest you just keep watching football and stop being so gullible about what this country and flag represent. Because at the end of the day when the you know what hits the fan, unless it benefits “them” it ain’t YOU they represent as Pat and his family unfortunately found out. That’s how you know it mostly has nothing to do with race but more with keeping their individual interests at the forefront. Unfortunately, to them for that reason Pat and anyone else was/is expendable. Wake up!
I was used to respect NFL. No more.
Inside these lines will soon be no more players because these morons have ruined the game.  The NFL IS NOW DEAD!
American Football is boring as hell. 5 hours of watching a game that plays for 30seconds then stops for 5 minutes because some geezer drops the ball. The least fluid, most stop and start sports game
This video doesn't say anything that addresses racism. Needs an end title like The NFL is committed to racial equality or a statement like that. Too wishy-washy.
9/24/17 - Just like that, 47 Million Americans said F**K the NFL
This deep af mad respect
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
I want sports to help me escape the World and it's bullshit. Now sports is forcing said bullshit on us.
Until you cross the line > https://youtu.be/bId3_OEl9G4
Sports is the most unifying thing in the world. You know there's a real problem when politics become involved. These men don't get paid extra or get a bonus for kneeling for that anthem.. so why don't we try addressing their problem? The POTUS is ruining the progress we made in the last 20-30 years.
You piss me off that we cannot share this without having to come back here... fucking NFL
Congratulations to the Jacksonville Jaguars. Today you protested the flag of the only country to fight a war to end slavery and honored the flag of the very country that brought Africans to the Americas. As slaves. The Darwin awards are going to have a lot of competition this year
#TakeTheKnee ✊🏽🇺🇸
Inside these lines, millionaire rapists, thugs and traitors run around and hit each other for the entertainment of castrated cucks. No thanks. Can't wait for the NFL to go bankrupt.
Does the NFL really want to double down to fail a straight-face test?  This ad is just laughable from a league that normalizes violence (domestic abuse, crime, etc.), whose execs cover up the brain damage resulting from relentless hits and one with a longstanding history of early deaths. Best to let these out-of-control leagues die their own death, and quickly, I hope.  This latest self-indulgence from players, who probably can't even string two sentences together about the actual history of the Stars Spangled Banner, is nothing more than the loud cry of ceasing to be relevant (can someone say empty stadiums and declining ticket sales).  I am not down on football altogether, my family watches select college games where players have real heart -- funny how that happens when you put love of the game first and don't live in some ridiculous circus born of eight figure salaries.
I'd still like to know how this display has changed anything. It hasn't. We still have people rioting in St Louis two years after Ferguson. So you can kneel, demonstrate all you want but how about take action and go do something in your communities. It seems to me this kneeling is an easy way out and a way for players to get their 5 minutes of fame on ESPN. It accomplishes nothing except for irritating 1/2 of the country. The media does a fine job on bringing racial Injustices to our attention, I don't think NFL players heightened awareness, just irritated people more.
Games > National Symbols\nIf you think that you have played too much football
Apparently not every one of your employees got the memo that today was disrespect America, cops, and the military day at the NFL.  FYI, today is also Gold Star Mothers Day.  Good job timing your childish sit in on a day that honors the mothers of members of our military who gave all so that these ungrateful scum bags can disrespect their sacrifices.\n\n\nhttps://www.sbnation.com/lookit/2017/9/24/16357738/alejandro-villanueva-u-s-army-veteran-lone-steeler-on-field-national-anthem
I just became a NFL fan. Fuck the dotard
Inside those lines, they are not gods to be worshiped. Most of  these people owning, playing and watching these games, are to embarrassed to praise the Lord Jesus, who created them and died for their sins, so that they would be able to have eternal life, the greatest gift in the universe.  But they all worship a game, and mere men that run around with a ball. Most players and fans, yell, scream, fight, and act like idiots, and they are not embarrassed to do any of that. \nRoger Goodell NFL Commissioner said that President Trump's comments drew sharp criticism among professional athletes, and who called Trump’s remarks “divisive.” No, it was not President Trump's remarks that were divisive, no, the kneeling players, have all caused divisiveness, long before President Trump said anything. These players are disrespectful and defiant, just like the protesters on the streets. They can try and hide behind their outfits and the NFL,  but none of that will do them any good. All the one's who are disrespectful, defiant and dividers, have already come out, all over the United States, in every area of life. And the dividing lines are from the Lord Jesus, the King of Kings. Be very careful what you are doing, and who you are following, for these are the end of the last days.....\nMatthew 25:31-46New King James Version (NKJV)\nThe Son of Man Will Judge the Nations\n31 “When the Son of Man comes in His glory, and all the holy angels with Him, then He will sit on the throne of His glory. 32 All the nations will be gathered before Him, and He will separate them one from another, as a shepherd divides his sheep from the goats. 33 And He will set the sheep on His right hand, but the goats on the left. 34 Then the King will say to those on His right hand, ‘Come, you blessed of My Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world: 35 for I was hungry and you gave Me food; I was thirsty and you gave Me drink; I was a stranger and you took Me in; 36 I was naked and you clothed Me; I was sick and you visited Me; I was in prison and you came to Me.’\n37 “Then the righteous will answer Him, saying, ‘Lord, when did we see You hungry and feed You, or thirsty and give You drink? 38 When did we see You a stranger and take You in, or naked and clothe You? 39 Or when did we see You sick, or in prison, and come to You?’ 40 And the King will answer and say to them, ‘Assuredly, I say to you, inasmuch as you did it to one of the least of these My brethren, you did it to Me.’\n41 “Then He will also say to those on the left hand, ‘Depart from Me, you cursed, into the everlasting fire prepared for the devil and his angels: 42 for I was hungry and you gave Me no food; I was thirsty and you gave Me no drink; 43 I was a stranger and you did not take Me in, naked and you did not clothe Me, sick and in prison and you did not visit Me.’\n44 “Then they also will answer Him,[b] saying, ‘Lord, when did we see You hungry or thirsty or a stranger or naked or sick or in prison, and did not minister to You?’ 45 Then He will answer them, saying, ‘Assuredly, I say to you, inasmuch as you did not do it to one of the least of these, you did not do it to Me.’ 46 And these will go away into everlasting punishment, but the righteous into eternal life.”
Considering the NFL has a contract with the pentagon to promote the RW version of military patriotism, I sincerely doubt we'll see a true philosophical discussion regarding constitutional patriotism from a league that's sold it's soul for riches. I see a conflict of prayer circles on a field devised and promoted by money changers at the expense of it's gladiators. I'm ashamed to have played the game in college.
62 subs xD
If people should stand for an anthem, then why shouldn't people stand and pray to God Almighty? Taking God out of everything is where it's all went wrong.😇
At this point all I see is the NFL letting politics get in the way of sports. I don't tune in to watch players take a knee,hold up a arm or anything else. I watch to forget about all the BS going on outside those stadium walls. These players have so many other platforms available to them to get their views outs. The field should not be a platform for these whining ass players to spout their opinions or anything else. They are being paid to do their jobs not give their opposition. Shut Up, Stand Up, and Do Your Job. #RogerGoodell #NFL #StandUpAndShutUp # DoYourJob#YourFired
Too bad these narcissist millionaires will never discuss what the protests are supposed to be about. https://www.blackandblondemedia.com/2017/09/23/kneeling-players-need-look-mirror-insulting-trump/
NFL, people won’t see this video if you keep blocking other sites from embedding it. Fix yourself
#BoycottNFL
NFL players and owners now acting like Hollywood a-holes.  Just a bunch of millionaire malcontents espousing leftist, anti-American politics.  Take away their money, and the media limelight, and they're nothing more than a bunch of immature, spoiled, wife-beating men who get together, dress up in uniforms, and then play a kid's game.
Dr. Lonnie Liston Smith
This debate should be between the corporations and their customers. I just wish I didn't have to give them a dime. That's why the true answer is to ABOLISH ALL TAX CUTS AND CRONYISM THEY GET. Let them pay for their own stadiums. We should charge them retroactively. No hotel taxes should go to these race enablers. Make it illegal for local governments to bribe these teams to set up shop or do spring training. Take it all away. Let it be a free market. Let the consumers reject these asshole nigger lovers.
All of these people who are mad at the NFL be mad at yourself for refusal if to grow beyond what you were taught. Have fun bowling, eating, or watching some other shows during football season. Just remember it's only a small amount of you guys. Y'all are dumb as hell if you think the entire world feels the way you do. I also would like to know have you tried your racism ( you know name calling and such) blatantly in the face of some of these black ppl you claim you hate? The NFL will gain more fans than they will lose them. #ignorant #goodbye
INSIDE THESE LINES are a bunch of senseless, self-centered, childish millionaire malcontents who have no respect for the country that gave them the opportunity be where they are at.
NFL disrespects the AMERICAN GROUND they stand on--ANTI AMERICAN FILTH
Please don't act as if Trump has caused this problem, it has been going on since last year. People have been arguing about it since it first began. It's sad that people don't seem to understand that yes, they have a right to their own beliefs and opinions but what they don't have the right to do is disrespect the paying customer. They can do it on their own time on their own dime. Our home for one will be boycotting the NFL and any other sports league that thinks they can belittle the people in my family that have served in the military.
Inside these lines all view points are welcome and we respect each other. Just make sure your viewpoint isn't excessively conservative or we have to fire you... but disrespecting the flag, praising terrorists, beating your wife, children.. thats all good of course.
✊️✊🏻✊🏼✊🏽✊🏾✊🏿
Yeah, NFL (National Felons League), preach unity while practicing division and defending those who hate America, the police, and those who died defending it.  That's certainly a winning ticket.
How dare you put Pat Tillman in this video. Do you think Pat Tillman would condone these people taking knees and disrespecting the flag he died for? Disgusting
NFL sucks now
#BoycottNFL #BoycottNFLSponsors Disrespecting our flag and country will not stand!!
This is good. https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1891423541122018/
Fuck the NFL
I won't be watching tonight's game or NFL network for some time after what I just saw the Jags and Raven's do during the anthem.  I'll probably just go bowling instead.
46 years ago my first job was with the NFL. I am done watching grown man knelling before our National Anthem.  The NFL just lost my support.
Unity?  How are you promoting unity when you allow your spoiled ingrate millionaires to attack the very people who are providing a safe and secure venue for them to play in?  The message they are sending is this: cops lives do not matter, if a criminal is black he can kill a cop any time he wants.  That's the message the NFL has now adopted.  You absolutely suck and I hope the NFL goes bankrupt.
I wonder how many of these America-loving military-loving people supported Trump? The same guy that's a noted draft dodger. The same guy that said of John McCain and other POW's I like people who weren't captured. The same guy that attacked a gold star family (the Khan's). And the same guy that defends the confederacy (a bunch of traitors to the flag that he now claims to love).
Slightly off topic...\n\nCurious. Why is it that many players for the Ravens and Jags took a knee during the playing of the national anthem of the United States, yet stood for the national anthem of the United Kingdom? It seems strange to me that these players would kneel for the anthem of the nation that gives them (and anyone) the freedom to be employed in a multi-million dollar business, and allowing them to live their lives as they see fit, yet stand for the anthem that enslaved most of their ancestors, and most of the continent of Africa. \n\nOn a personal note, I find it appalling that these people are making a spectacle of themselves for misguided reasons at best. These people take a knee for 'police brutality'? Read crime statistics and you'll notice that more whites are shot by police than blacks are, and for the number of blacks shot by police to be equal to whites it would take law enforcement about 40 years at current rates to become equal. If you look at statistics, people of all races get shot by police for not following simple instructions. You want to resist arrest and fight the cops? You want to shoot at a cop? You want to try to run from a cop? Yeah, good luck with that.\n\nFurthermore, why is it that 13% of the population (Which is more like 7% since black women generally don't murder) responsible for 51% of the murders in the US? Why is it that a black man is 80% more likely to be murdered by another black man? In just the city of Chicago from 2001-2010 there have been nearly 7500 blacks murdered by other blacks. Think about that. More black people have been killed by other blacks, than all the soldiers that have been killed in Iraq and Afghanistan in the same amount of time.\n\nIf these players were taking a knee as a way of showing the problems in the black community, I would a little less appalled about their actions. \n\nHowever whilst I agree they have the right to protest, the president has the same right to call them out on it. Also keep in mind the 1st Amendment only applies to the government, not private industry. If I did something along the same lines at my place of employment, I would probably have my company lose 50% of its customers, or customers that I dealt with on a personal level, then I would be fired, and for a good reason.  The only reason this commercial is a thing, is simply due to the fact, behind closed doors, the NFL is feeling the heat, and/or beginning to shit their pants. The NFL ratings and sales are down over the last 3 seasons. When the NFL, and broadcasters, (CBS in particular) lose $200 million in advertising revenue alone, in just a few weeks into the season, you know the shit is hitting the fan. Look at the last Thursday night game as an example. There were tons of empty seats. Hell, tickets were being sold for as low at $17. This commercial is a weak attempt at best to try to quell the rising anger many Americans are feeling from the politically left, and the social justice warriors.
Ignore the spoiled child that couldn't get in with the cool kids and protest as much as you'd like.
Pat Tillman would not appreciate the use of his image to promote disrespecting, anti-American sons of bitches.
Hello friend I am like and subscribe your video channel please subscribe my channel
Just realize who pays your salaries. Not Trump, you are pissing off the American people, best of luck in your protests, but the fans will decide the fate of the NFL. I can learn to like rugby.
All it took was a 71 year old man to turn a bunch of manly football players into wimpy whiny girly boys\n\nI won't pay my hard earned money to be putting up with this. \n\nI want to be entertained, not lectured by a bunch of spoiled bazillionaires.
Football is a form of entertainment. I resent having to put up with political football. There is a place for dissent. It has no place on the field whether it is refusing to enter the field while the anthem plays or as players take a knee. If I wanted politics I'd know exactly where to go. Since it has now entered the stadium I refuse to participate in the division it has engendered.
The NFL is shit!
Worthless if they think that will change my mind about gutless cowards disrespect the flag, the anthem, the government, police and the military the NFL is dead wrong, I am telling my friends all this can be protested before the game or after the game, the NFL does not have to do it during the national anthem. If the want a protest find do it some other time, but since the damage is done and we now know the NFL and their players are anti-American then that leaves this veteran no other choice but to boycott the NFL. After a loosing season of revenues the they may come to their senses and figure another way players can voice their opinion, but not during the national anthem if they hate America that much they need to leave. Boycott the NFL, which will stand for Not For Long.
NFL games are big service businesses.  It is the patrons/fans that patronize their services and products that made them big.  Soon or later the NFL  Team owners and management will realize their bottom line is going down because clients are getting insulted and will become discontent whenever NFL players show disrespect to our Flag and  National Anthem.
Screw the NFL
Boycott the NFL.
The NFL doesn't hold a monopoly on Blacks and Whites getting along. Disgusting ad.
GO NFL. FUCK DONALD TRUMP.
Trump 2020
Dope 💯❌💯
I just watched this ad & I have to wonder why are these players disrespecting America?\nDo they even know why they are disrespecting America?
Lol... Why is kneeling disrespectful when practicing your right to protest is the American way but waving the confederate flag which stands for treason  is not disrespectful to the America!? We fought, black and white for freedom to express ourselves and now that's disrespectful? A lot of yall need to do yall homework. Yall crying tears over the wrong things. The first person she'd their blood for America was a BLACK MAN. There's nothing wrong with protesting by kneeling. People are actually more upset about these quiet peaceful protest then they were about the confederate flags and monuments being removed. They talk about criminals who hate the police and the  confederate flag celebrates criminals who can't get over that they lost.
GOOD ON YOU, NFL!!  GOOD ON ROGER GOODELL!!  THANK YOU FOR THIS!  Now, let's demand an end to innocent Americans being shot and killed on our streets.
TOTAL BS
Trump threw gasoline on a simmering racial fire. The unity between players, owners and hopefully fans can put it out. Don't let him poison sports with his phony flag waving. Real men are not threatened by peaceful protest.
After watching the NFL every weekend for the last 30 years, we are finished with the NFL and will never watch a game or buy a ticket again.  They can choose to protest whatever they want, and we can choose to not watch or attend games.  Everyone I know who was an NFL fan is doing the same.  Members of two clubs I belong to have also demanded that NFL games not be played in the bars.  This is the beginning of the end of the NFL.
Good, let the whole damn stadium sit until that childish, hot head of a president is out of office!
This is a wise response to the divisive influence of the Man who occupies the White House...who should know better.
Love that video.  The end was on point.
Today is the worst day ever, not only both of my teams lost, but politics is in sports and I fucking hate that, stick to sports. Awesome commercial by the NFL.
Inside these lines, we don't have to spend a dime of our money to you arrogant, overpaid, entitled, disrespectful idiots. Interesting that that video didn't show one clip of the players kneeling during anthem, if you're so proud of it, why wasn't it in the video? #BOYCOTTNFL
Sadly, Trump seems to have once again divided the poor people in America who need good, affordable health care, education and opportunity. While Trump sparks controversy about statues and anthems, Congress continues to let down the people who need a good government to make their lives better.
Savage answer to pundits who still don't get it
I just want to take a moment here and say that I LOVE cum
The NFL is kind of a cultural institution. I don't think that Trump can win a fight with them. Presidents come and go, but football is forever.
The president needs to work on making America great again! So far, he's not doing such a good job!
I'm not a football fan but I have nothing but respect for the players that are protesting. The way the NFL is backing them makes me think better of them as an organization. #Resist
What is the song on this commercial?
*What was your favourite of these 10 amazing goals? Let me know in the comments!*\nFollow me on *Facebook* where I post my old videos that have disappeared from YouTube! https://www.facebook.com/LilWizProductions
Where is Emre Can's overhead?
The Giroud goal has to win it for me.
I'm just imagining internet going full troll and the trophy going to 2:49 chick goal
Why there is Matic goal? Great goal but not special.
Definitely the gk scoring double kick at the end of the game
boateng or the goalkeepers is the best
I don't mean to be that guy but wtf no Emre can over head kick? Like I get they have to go for equality but in comparison the woman's goal is crap the matric goal looks ordinary like seriously wtf
Giroud all the way, he even started the entire chance from half way down the pitch with a good tackle. The Baroka FC's goalkeeper goal deserves it too.
A goalkeeper scoring a bicycle kick in the last minute has to win. No contest.
Had to turn it off due to the shit forign commentators.
swear that chilliean teamis always scoring long rangers.They at high altitude or something?
How old is Kevin Prince Boateng now? Gotta be 30.. He's still such an athlete, feels like hes been around forever.
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Wow. Last year Subri's free kick was the clear winner, but this year for me there's no obvious winner. I could see the Camargo, Boateng, Mandzukic, Giroud, or the South African goalkeeper's goal winning it. They're all amazing, although Matic's goal is a little out of place. I would guess most people are going to vote for the Mandzukic goal because of the time and place, but I'd vote for the goalkeeper just because holy frak he's a goalkeeper.
Giroud and Masaluke.  Amazing goals this year, though.
gotta love that volleying back a goal kick from your own half
Man these girls just love FootBall \nHERE http://bit.ly/2wbJphB
Is this over the top shouting goal for as long as possible commentating supposed to be funny or something? Just seems incredibly obnoxious to me...glad we dont have that in the prem
Can i watch the first goal 7 times more please?? holy shit
Has to be giroud! The counter attack, the back heel in the build up, the SCORPION 🦂
Jesus you didn't need to show the goals 15 times
Did not know 16 year old girls could kick that far
For me It has to be giroud
I'm only one goal in but wow...
hurtado goal was beyond fucked what the hell
Mate, you don't know how to make a bad football video, I love the emphasis on the commentary.
That U19 Dortmund 27 player got dullied mate
celtics goal was incredible.. but fifa never usually include team goals.. E.g Arsenal vs nowrich
Matic
Dembele
Aviles hurtado👍
Wtf that girl amazing stunning the goalkeeper
It's gotta be Mandzukic, but so many wonderful goals. Thanks for the compilation!
Amazing so much choices
Steven Gerrard has won this one for me
Has to be Giroud before you even look at the other nominees, he deserves it too. Cant see him winning it though after Aaron Ramsey was robbed with his galatasaray goal. Fifa is corrupt so it probably comes down to the highest bidder!
Boateng's is the best, but I want to see Dembele win 💚
Guys do you think so hit like if girouds goal was better and dislike if mkhitaryan's was better
Would help if it showed the full Dembele goal. Every player touched the ball including the goalkeeper there was at least 30 seconds of build up play missing.
Oscarine Masuluke,for one reason. He is a goalkeeper.....
Either boateng or mandzukic for me
Giroud's goal is the best but Fifa will never give it to him cos the bumlick La liga.
How many times you gotta relay the same goal :/:/:/
if you change Mandzukic goal's commentary to Tony Jones...
may be you can add those two goals to the best goals of septembre : \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUfOz3XeWeo\nClub : Raja Casablanca\nthe assist of both goals : Abdelilah Hafidi \nthe striker of both goals : Mahmoud Benhalib
29 replays later
That's a dislike
how the fuck is there no messi goal??
Moussa Dembélé FTW
maticcc
Any more replays?
Why is Mkhitaryan not nominated
Reported
Stop playing each clip for like 1 30 faggot
I like Aguero !!!
GG 2ez
Ederson is a family man.
Cmon city Chelsea next!!
Love Mendy for trying hard to learn English. Top lad. Hope his injury isn't serious and he's ready for the Chelsea game
I love how the fans in other side of that mirror are like.. knock-knock.. notice me senpai😍
You wanna hear a joke  \n\n\n\n\nArsenal winning the epl
That cappppp ............................ #Mendy
#GOODGOOD
Plz maul chelsea
We will win the league unbeaten.
I have to say, you Citizens are playing fantastic football so far. Looking forward to our clash at the Bridge. Cheers! #checity
Top of the league on goal difference 👍👍👍
Those stairs get the sh** out of me. I hate them lol
City will win the premier league.\nGet to the UCL finals.\nScore the most European goals.\nCome back after the season to see I'm right😉
Sane is always on his phone
City the best.
6:32 i really hate that lady 😷
I'm a Liverpool fan but I think city are the best team in the world behind Real Madrid
as a city fan \n. imo  I think our cbs  are OK but they look a bit shacky at times without Kompany \nI think in the transfer window buy a world class cb to parter Kompany. had a decent back up. if Kompany gets injured  or someone in the defence \n also get sanchez if we can get him on a free transfer .\nI think a great format would be 5 city 3.4.3\nthat's my opinion  \npls don't hate
City have to get a result against Chelsea next week
Well we almost scored, does that count ?
We were far from our best yesterday but still romped home to a 5-0 victory. Good fuckin signs
6:32 what's that lady doing?\nBeing racist.\nFire her right now.\nDisrespecting Benjamin Mendy.
Wait, is that Connor McGregor (Otamendi)? 😂😂😂
EDERSON
Grande vitória City... Danilo entrou muito bem no jogo e na minha opinião é um dos melhores laterais do mundo... CityBrasil !!!!
I liked the old tunnel better.. this has too many stairs and it's a bit narrow
City 5-0 Liverpool \nCity 6-0 Watford \nCity 5-0 Crystal Palace\n16 goals in 3 games the EPL is ours this year
Is it possible to have a cam on the other side of the glass in the tunnel?
Utd are gonna win prem
Mendys Hat🙂😀👌
https://moenawaraz.wordpress.com/2017/09/25/english-premier-league-matchday-6-result-table-and-top-scorers-2017/
3:32 even Wenger has joined city
MAN UNITED  boo city
4:36 I saw that Sane
AGUERO MESSI CRISTIANO NEYMAR SUAREZ BALE IS BEST BLAYER
Kyle walker and Townsend talking about each other going bald 5:50
Love to see the footballers and managers interact with the children like that.
Leroy stop instagram!!! xD
IF you Want more wiews so stop uplode Evert minutep
3
I love tunnel cam
City win da league
Don't jinx us people
- Manchester City as English as Summer in December. Bought everything with a Sheikh. God bless modern football ;)
Goals goals and more goals
8:13 that cringe
#OneMilionInChannelOrManCity
First
こんにちは
Come on city ! congrats from a greek fan!
City r probs top 3 teams right now maybe even first.
Crystal palace walking out the tunnel not knowing a 5-0 scoreline is waiting for them on the pitch.
I don't know when or how BUT something tells me you'll crush a bit: I mean have some few indecent results.
Wish United did something like this... The behind the scenes of any major club is fascinating
Sick to see how the Gulf Arabs have bought English football ....
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
What is the name of the song at 3:20~3:40??
#KDB that pass to Aguero for Sterling goal Dayummmm If Man City keep Sharp and begin to Clinically Finish including half chances they'll continue this #ScoringFeast on Chelsea and everyone else #Sterling how many bloody easy chances do you need before you score?
Look at the man on the left... Look at the top of his head😀 3:11
why aguero always looks like he is forever alone??
Im worried for chelsea man. 5-0 in 2 games. City has some quality signings in arras where wthey were weak last seasons
New Rising Star - Next Great Greek Central Defender, Bigger, Faster, Stronger born 1999 only 18 in 2017 - 1.90 m & 88 kg Prototype Body-Strong on Ball- Shut Down Defender- Great  Speed 100 m 10.7 to 10.9 seconds range.  New Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKoujFKdZlU&t=1s  /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_HKlComKOs \nAntonis Konstantinidis Central Defender/Center Back - 100m Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZS2vLgp4k
5:50 Sterling & Walker are talking to Townsend about his hair transplant then Walker shows Townsend that he's going bald loool
City were far from best despite 5-0
At 6:32 why did that woman push that kid away from Mendy?
2nd
Oh yea Ederson #whataguy\n\nAnd wtf was that lady doing at 6:32
The trophy is ours.
The only reason i come to this channel
Everytime CityTV posts a new video, it feels like a Christmas to me. Thanks a lot!
Nice
I was there when we had the no doubt win
Pep Is Our Saviour!
City the good
Palace are going down!
Friends Suscribe to my channel of football 👍
First
What a great performance this was!!! We must come out with intensity against Chelsea from the kick off!!! C'mon City, C'mon City!!! 🔵🔵🔵🔵
#Aguerothebest
City needs to relax
Wots all this Manchester City rubbish?    It's a team full of foreign geezers, managed by another foreigner...in a league owned by an Australian....so what's wiv the Manchester city rap?  It's owned by Arab geezers...an Manchester don't come into it at all...anywhere. A much better name fer these geezers would be MECCA CITY.
Beef cheeks are EXPENSIVE..... and good luck finding some... lol....
Is he using a Dutch oven to cook it or just a regular pot
Gordon, why the fuck do you put olive oil in the pasta water?! Give one single reason
@GordonRamsay Never stop making these they are amazing. Your son is going to going to be a great cook someday in his own right. He'll be making dinner for you and family before you know it.
'like a solar still'.   \n\n\nUmm yeah sure I know what that is
Drizzle, little, mmmmm, beautiful, a touch of... 100% you’ll find at least one of these words in any Gordons video ^^
What can you use in place of wine? I know the alcohol cooks off but we are Muslim and my husband is more strict than myself about the no alcohol thing but I would love to try this recipe
It is just pure cringe when his kids act like they think it looks or tastes nice😂😂
5:36 You've just dribbled on your jumper I've never heard something so British in my life
“Lets season it” *adds salt and pepper* \n\n\n\n\n\nAND YOU CALL YOURSELF A GOOD CHEF?!
WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE!
I was waiting for him to bitch slap the nigga
Gordon: Jack your dog died\n\nJack: Nice.
That kid is gonna get so much pussy
Jesus he's so old
No one in the comments said anything about how he just made barbacoa with pasta. *drools
tell you what thats one of the best cooking videos ive ever seen that was just enjoyable to watch
Now we're going to season the seasoning with a little seasoning, then rub jacks cheeks in the Seasoned seasoning make it seasoned.
My dad never taught me anything....and he's a professor.
that moment when you're Gordon Ramsay's kid and have to pretend you know something about cooking
This kid seems like he is scared of his dad
Son: But I don't want to be a chef dad!!\nRamsay: You don't want to be a chef?! Have you seen your steaks? They're always FUCKIN RAW!!Son: Fuck you dad, I want to be an engineer! Ramsay: You little fuckin wanker!
I love the patience he show's his children when he Cook's it reminds me of my dad teaching me to use the grill when I was 9. He always made it fun.
Meanwhile on Earth 2.\n\nNice: Jack
This vid is so old
A touch of olive oil. \nThree bottles later done\nA pinch of salt \nFive bags later now season the seasoning
He's so sweet with his kids.  I love seeing dads spend quality time with their kids.  So important for the kids!
i wish me and my dad were like that 😞
GIVE ME SOME TURKEY TWIZZLERS ANY DAY,  COOKING TIME ZERO... DONE
white pple are so deranged.\ny'all take ANY SITUATION and figure out a way to sexualize\nit. I hope the earth rids itself of you parasites.
Has  a new me me been born
i fucking love this man, husband material, husband goals
WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE?
Gordon broke one rule he let jack let lick the spoon and he put it back in the thing
the difference between gordon with his kids and gordon in the OTHER tv shows.....\n XD
Good luck finding beef cheeks in a grocery store. Seriously good luck. I tried this weekend. I don't have any butchers near me so I'm sol.
At 4:30 camera guy drops camera for a bit
It's so cool to see Gordon teaching his kids so early. They're going to be so skilled once they're at his age.
Don't forget to lightly drizzle your tongue with olive oil before eating your food
Maybe you'll make this for your girlfriend one day? Son: mmhhh.... no.. I like penis
I swear, this guy uses up like half of the worlds olive oil supply.
Gordon: perhaps you'll cook this for your girlfriend one day\n\nJack: *Im gay...*
He puts olive oil on almost everything 😓
Did I just see you use can tomato sauce!!!! #Triggeredlol
Where's the lamb sauce?!
Beef cheeks, get the fuck out of the kitchen
Gordon: what you watching son\nSon: WWE\nGordon: is it smack down \nSon: no it’s RAW\nGordon: fuck me
Now this makes me hungry
The kid: so I put these raw beef cheeks in the pot\nGordon: ITS FUCKING RAW YOU CUNTY ASS FUCKER!!!!!1!!!111!!!!!!
father and son goals
This is my favourite video because he's teaching a kid but he's happy not shouting :)
Gordon - Youll make this for your girlfriend one day\n\n\n\n\nJack - But I'm Gay
Gordon you're killing me, your food is so gooooooooooooood
What if he says fuck me in front of the kid
His kids know so many things about cooking and im here cant make cereal
I bet Gordan pores olive oil on his pancakes in the morning
This guy looks like he has a knack with food, he should open a restaurant or be on TV or something.
Ramsay is the type of guy who goes home and makes a cup noodle...
What a great father
Take a shot every time Gordon says, a drizzle of olive oil.
I wanna fuck the ramsys
Jack your grandmother killed herself \nJack: nice
4:51 \nGordon: EMmmmmm-eugh-EMMMMMMmmmm\nJack: *mmmm....*
boil my nut
DAD MODE ACTIVATED
It's fucking RAW!!!!
I want Gordon Ramsay on Cutthroat Kitchen.
wheres the lamb sauce?
omfg i want it
Nice.
6:07, ooooh I'm dead
Niiiiceee
He is a really great father wish i had a father like him
Honestly who cooks this stuff? I only come here to see Gordon cooking and teasing his children
Your sister is going to love you even more ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) - Gordo Ramsi 2K17
I want to die and reincarnate as Gordon Ramsay's child
Your sisters are gonna love you even more now      some incest shit going on
Videos like this make me want to become a chef.
Is salt and pepper the only seasoning in his cupboard lol
Your sisters are going to love you even more now...\nDafuq?
Instead of looking like crocodile heads, they looked like what I left in my toilet this morNin
At the end, the casual pun : dont be cheeky.. 😂😂😂
6:18 Dad....... I’m gay
Poor Jack
Canned tomatoes...ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!?
Food porn 💦💦💦
Omg, looks like my dogs poo, yak discussing! Learn how to cook you overpaid pedo!
22 on trending whoop whoop
damn' , it's delicious 😋
wonderful
Gotta love old videos
Me: This looks so fun and good. I want to make this myself one day.\n\nAlso me: 🏠 🔥
Where are the Indian cow worshippers at??? 😂😂\nYour god is being eaten by the British people...😂😂
Gordon: I have some bad news son....you're adopted.\n\nJack: Nice
*MHMMMMMM*
Looks delicious af!
so cute hahahahaha
Don't be cheeky
hhhhhh lol youaer coll
Great conection between them two.
Nice done mate, but the accent isn't there
And here I am, screaming when an ant crawls on my hand
we wanna see you eat that.
I'll take Nope for $400, please.
1k dislikes were the people that are scared of spiders thinking every single type kills you in one bite
I have been watching your vids for years now your vids are great and they are action packed when is your book cooming out
No, fear is NOT known in the medical community as phobia.  Phobia is a fear/hate that gets in the way of normal life. A rational fear of spiders isn't a phobia. Arachnophobia is an irrational fear/hatred of spiders that causes an extreme reaction even when no threat is present. A good example of this is someone who feels panic at the mere mention of a spider.
#Coyote Next jump into a volcano to see if it bites or not....
He says spider stick like it is one of spider-man's powers
I can take a centipede but spiders.....uuuhhhh....\n\n\nBtw i live in australia
Name of ur channel  must be jungle book  and u r the mougli
I can't help watch these videos to learn something new, but become all paranoid by end about if anything is crawling on me.
You are so brave!!!!
We definitely have those in south Georgia...
Guess I'm not sleeping
Just Pour Me On 1 If You See It😋❗️
I didn't want to touch the spider on the thumbnail😂😂
Such a beautiful spider
I live in the central part of Georgia and I've seen some of these spiders while walking down nature trails looking for geocaches.
How it's not even happening to me and I'm scared😮😮😮😮omg you are brave😄
I like to take pop shots at these type of spiders with a .22
havent seen it yet but im ready to watch just at the beginning and i had to edit, THE WEBS ARE YELLOW AND WHOEVER LIVES THERE GET THE FLIP OUT AND MOVE Editing once again: i used to be scared of all spiders now i like them big or small love snakes, birds, any deadly thing to and i'd like to handle some of these animals with you some day :3 another edit: caught on e 14 left
That's a big spide
I once saw a smaller orb weaver spider that had spun a web from a mail box to a power line 20ft away. Crazy stuff man
6:36 that little spider was like “gimme summm”  and then was reminder that this Nibba don’t share
big props to ya Coyote! the other night i had a run in with 2 brown recluse spiders on my car and i lost it i do like spiders but recluses are a big no no i'm fine with black widows recluses get murdered when i see them they creep me out more than widows cause of the effects from the bite
This guy has serious balls to handle spiders
Would you rather be in a room with 100 of these, or in a room with one poison headcrab from half life 2?
Spider is our friends until they strike with their FANGS
Am I the only one who loves spiders?
Just a banana spider. I had one 2 in from my face when I was in basic training.
This channel will never die. XD
...These things are everywhere in SC. I've been bitten by them before; they feel about as bad as a bee sting.
It only has a bite/sting as a paper wasp! 😂😂😂
Hi brave wilderness you are the most brave person I've ever seen and also I love you videos they are kind of dangerous best channel ever very much learning how dangerous bugs can be.   <_>   >_<
Excuse me, how are you not dead?
Found a wooly worm, walking stick, and katie did tonight.
I saw a bunch of these this summer. They're fairly common in the Mid Atlantic
I'm coyote peterson and i will be entering the scam zone of...... \n\n\n\n\n\nCraigslist...
Has Eny one herd of a banana spider that is what that is and there not that hostile unless you really eratate it
I can’t watch this. It’s to much. Man you a super brave to do things like this.
LOVE ARICNIDS AGE 9 SPIDERS ARE MY FAVORITE#💪GIRL💪
I would keep it as a pet
I was so relieved when it dropped onto the stick... then... \nlemme see if I can get it back on my hand \nnooooo what's wrong with you???
A quick google search and I learned these arachnids are not nearly as venomous as this guy is making them out to be.  An actual quote from Wikipedia:  Nephila is one of several genera where the venom 'must be considered as more or less ineffectual in human beings.'  I really don't like him lying just for the views.
Bro you are very BRAVE!!
wow I fell the pain ouch
We had one of those in our backyard
Back in school I was dared to eat one of these that we found in a bush, tasted pretty good (only ate the leg however). I also live in Australia so yeah it was one of the bigger versions I guess.
Coyote, how many animals have you been hurt by now?
...i hate spiders... but this doesn't scare me :|
its a pickle or jalapeño spider, its what my husband and I agreed on.
Oh so the ones in Australia are bigger... why do I live here??
I used to see those spiders all the time in my garden
Um Coyote Peterson there is something on my parents glass there is a big giant Spider and it is Black  andYellow
I saw a orb weaver at the sportsplex \nIt started to grab a ball and kick a goal
That spider was once crawling on my neck and the one on my neck was the size of my hand and my hand is pretty big and I live in Australia they're bigger than the one u were handling.
Bro you really got me nervous I was being paranoid thinkin there was one on me🤕
'some of these spiders can get big enough to eat birds' 'but those are the ones you find in Australia.' Thanks Coyote, you just gave me another reason not to go outside... ugh Australia
I came into this video acting all brave but then I was like screw that after like 3 seconds
Nah nah, those spiders are arm -biting monsters! Trust me, I've seen Spiderman :(
IMAGINE \nsees spider.....runs for a shoe to kill it..... comes back with the shoe.....\n\n\n\n\nthe spider disappeared 🤐
That music though.......
I jumped at 6:38 lol
All I hear are cicadas.
Will it bite
Banana spider
8:32 stalling
Plz do WARRIOR WASP STING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Aren't those poisonous?
That music 😰
Why am I still watching thissssss
Holy shoit fo
MAKE ANOTHER GETTING STUNG BY  SOMETHING LIKE UHH UHHH WARRIOR WASP
####savage
Burn the house
Whats on his right wrist?
He get bite
Well, that was anti-climatic...
spider silk
Came to Brasil and meet our nice friend Phoneutria nigriventer (armadeira).
Get chomp by American crocodile.
XD
6:38 RIP RANDOM TINY SPIDER
OMG!
who else felt like a spider was crawling on them when they were watching
F**k that I ain't eating no more damn fruit
Why is it so scary if you have been stung by a bullet ant
Did you just assume it's gender?
Welcome to the comment section, here, there are flamethrowers and unicorns and 100 percent spider free!
Your right my skin is crawling
Every time I see videos like this I I feel something on me   and I don't want to swallow spit
imagine if he was bitten while trying to prove they're not out to bite you...
I would stick my hand in a daddy long leg cluster cause I'm boss like that.
Your actually a SAVAGE! Lol
you should get stung by the Asian giant hornet
The music scared me shitless!
One time a spider got on my feet and I push it away with a toothpaste
Have you ever seen a thorny devil
Oh... No thank you
2:36 MA DIO PORCO!
Marò è allucinante come qualsiasi tiro nello specchio della porta di Reina, che oramai non para proprio più, si trasformi in goal..Ed anche oggi, la pur ottima Spal, é incredibile a dirsi, con due soli tiri in porta in tutta la partita, ha fatto due goals..E come lo vinciamo stò scudetto con queste medie tiri/goal incassati? Prima o poi ne pagheremo le pere cotte.....comunque brava Spal, che spero si salvi perchè lo merita, e forza Napoli, sempre..
forza napoli ma complimenti alla spal
Ma il dio porco a 2:36? Aahhahahah
La Spal meritava almeno il pareggio
2.38 fantastico sentite
Uomo partita : Ghoulam
il 1 a 4 con la Lazio é bugiardo , come sta Vittoria, sta squadra non può essere così colabrodo dietro se vuole sto scudetto.
Reina è un portiere I-NU-TI-LE. Non esiste prendere un gol del genere, sul tuo palo per giunta.
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Ma solo io ho sentito quel ma dio po*co alla fine?
New Rising Star - Next Great Greek Central Defender, Bigger, Faster, Stronger born 1999 only 18 in 2017 - 1.90 m & 88 kg Prototype Body-Strong on Ball- Shut Down Defender- Great  Speed 100 m 10.7 to 10.9 seconds range.  New Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKoujFKdZlU&t=1s  /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_HKlComKOs \nAntonis Konstantinidis Central Defender/Center Back - 100m Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZS2vLgp4k
Peró la Spal ha fatto un ottima partita complimenti
nu meridava napuli nu e buon skuadra napuli e fortunatu e ma spal
Why is this trending?
1:13 I KURWA #POLSKA
Voglio Ghoulam alla juve!!!
napoli ti amo ❤❤💙
Quanto é forte ghoulam
vincim o scudet
Grande🙌
Ma....Reina???????
Dio can Reina svegliatiiii
Ghoulam 2-3 è finita
Solo uun coglione come te poteva rispondere cosi Stronzo
2:35 bestemione 😅😅
Che partita la SPAL complimenti
Bella partita,complimenti alla Spal
I kurwa
Forza napoli waglio
Primo a dire primo
Ma in quale universo la spal si meritava il pareggio o addirittura la vittoria? Cioè ragazzi, seriamente, la spal non ha fatto nulla, 2 tiri in porta 2 goal, solo perchè il napoli gioca senza portiere, per il napoli ogni tiro subito è un goal, ma compensa con lo strapotere in possesso palla e azioni. Con un portiere serio lo scudetto sarebbe tutto del napoli.
Onore a la Spal, ottima partita
Bello sto calcio champagne del Napoli........
...a vedere il campo , nn sembrava messo tanto male... Però magari Sarri x dire che era idegno x la A , avrà avuto le sue ragioni...magari a vederlo dal video non rende l idea non so...chissà,  forse si riferiva al fatto che era sconnesso o x le zolle boo...
💁‍♂️Hey! Tu riesci a fare lo stesso #goal?\n📽️ Fai un #video che lo testimonia e partecipa alla straordinaria #iniziativa: un goal da morire... ⚽😯⚱️\nScopri ora cosa puoi vincere ➡️ https://goo.gl/sTwurj\n#ungoaldamorire #napoli #forzanapolisempre #mertens #evento
GRANDE PARTITA MA IL NAPOLI NON VINCE NEPPURE LA COPPA ITALIA FIGURIAMOCI LO SCUDETTO SE LE DISPUTA COSI'\nMA REINA SI DEVE SVEGLIARE UN PO'E AVERE I RIFLESSI PRONTI \nNON PUO'ANDARE AVANTI COSI'CON QUESTE PAPERE SUE\nREINA E UN GRAN PORTIERE E MI DISPIACE PER LUI CHE NON E PIU'FORTE COME PRIMA MA CHE SI DETERMINASSE NEL SVOLGERE IL SUO RUOLO \nE POI E MANCATO IL CENTROCAMPO CON HAMSIK DIAWARA ZIELISNKI MA I TITOLARI SONO ALLAN JORGINHO E PER QUELLO CHE E SUCCESSO A MILIK SPERO CHE TORNI DI NUOVO SENNO'SARANNO 35 MILIONI BUTTATI PER NIENTE
Se la Spal continua così si può anche togliere la preoccupazione della retrocessione. Complimenti a tutte e due le squadre
CAZZO, COPI PURE IL VIDEO PARO PARO DI PREMIUM SINTESI?
Bravo a Schiattarella...l'hai fatto mò e nun te permettere mai cchiù. \nAvanti così.... Napoli 4ever !
my you fucks napoli my bets handicap napoli score 3-2 fucks napoli
NAPOLI campione d'Italia  troppo forte non c'è paragone  con la rubentus
LA SPAL FORSE SI SALVA MA IL BENEVENTO NE DUBITO
Vai spal !! Sono della Juventus ma la spal non la facevo così ! Altro che salvezza quest anno può fare molto di più ! Mentre Crotone e Benevento possono già dichiararsi in serie b :)
2:36 Ma Dio Povero
HO LASCIATO SCHIATTARELLA IN PANCA
3 a 2 è finita
No comment
Non vinceranno MAI LO SCUDETTO
Il boato del 2 2 si è sentito fino a Napoli peccato forza SPAL sempre
Questo telecronista mi sembra un acquisto online.\nFa proprio cagare.\nCi manca Sandro Piccinini \nccezionale 
La spal è fortissima da Beneventano
Ma voi napoletani come cazzo fate a tenervi ancora Reina. È peggio di Buffon quel portiere li e ce ne vuole, Buffon con la Juve para tutto in nazionale non fa un cazzo, lo voglio vedere io quest' anno a Buffon   hai mondiali. Cmq da milanista dico Napoli buona squadra ma portiere inguardabile e che coraggio subire col sul suo palo.
La spal si meritava la partita
Nel gol di Callejon c'erano 2 giocatori in fuorigioco.Passivi,ma i loro movimenti hanno messo in confusione il portiere
Napoli merda
Che culo il Napoli \nForza Juve
Il napoli non meritava la vittoria
The King is back bitches!!!!
didn't hate the song I loved it actually. just when he killed Ben? I'm like?? rude
Finslly sounding WAY better than before! Reminds me of their 2013 stuff that was actually good
NOT trying to be a hater.  But I wonder how this song sounds live.  AND if he’ll actually scream during the parts where he’s SUPPOSED to scream.. seen them live 3 times in 2014, and then twice in 2015... Danny doesn’t scream.. loved their music but man Danny sucks live..
i find it funny how it says continued in the beginning then cutting to him in the ford he crashes at the ending and to be continued at the ending as if they know we will watch it on repeat
why doesnt this have like 20 mil views by now? this sounds better than all of FDTD honestly
I love the new single of We Are Har...\nwait... \nwhat?!\nthis is not WAH...\nIs AA?\ndaaaaamn Danny, you still killing the escense of the band...
when I first heard this I cried especially the video because from my take its a struggle between his old self and the person he is trying to become and both seem to be leading him to self destruction and only one is going to come out on top or he'll die trying I mean I'm not expert on this kind of stuff just my take.
Honestly think this is a good mix between what Danny wanted to do and the rest of the members of Asking alexandria, it seem that they have come to a new sound which is really good.
Am I the only one who basically screamed when they say Ben on the ground?
Holy Shit! Welcome back Danny!!! Your vocals are on point! At 2:53 Eargasm... \m/
God, those screams are like fucking bone chilling. Such power that it resonates tenfold..Welcome back Danny.
I thought a new Sin City movie trailer was out.lol
c'mon man, why'd you gotta go do ben like that? I don't need that in my life right now
Glad to see Danny back!!
Finally, Danny is back! this is the real Asking Alexandria.
AA wasn't the same without Danny, sick video boys
The fire!!!! Ahhhhagg!!!!!! Great!! This sounds pretty good! It's amazing!
miles away from anything made in that black album!
I can't stop listening to this song. Welcome back Worsnop. 👊💖
This is just everything to me
waow this video is just
You can tell they have grown as a band even with Danny doing his solo country music they still got it
I love this so much
This is one badass song. AA is better than ever!!! \m/
Adding it to my playlist 🤘
Can't stop listening to this!
I'm sorry, but i don't like the video.\nGranted I've seen a lot of videos on YouTube of car accidents and such of total strangers, but its you guys! You all got me through high school. You're what keeps me sane when in big crowds. You guys make me happy (well, all except Danny. Still hurt dude. But that wound is closing up.) on days i just want to scream, punch and rampage.\nThe song is great. I like it. But the video? I'm sorry, but I'm not happy with it.
It's sounds like we are harlot and a little bit AA
And oh, Danny got a lot of his hair back after his solo project Lol, good for him.
The Black was a good album. Better than the third but Stand Up and Scream and R&R are better. Danny isn’t the only member of the band or the jesus christ of metalcore. He’s good but people need to stop sucking his dick
Fucking amazing song! Listened to these guys since they started and they have matured so much! So happy the AA family is back together and kicking more ass than ever! Great job guys!
Asking Alexandria, Blood On the Dance Floor, Bring me The Horizon, Falling in Reverse, Pierce The Veil, Escape the Fate, and Black Veil Brides are all trash bands with shitty cringy music.
whoever did the production on this album and video did an amazing job
Where was this type of song when I needed it??
I think AA should’ve fought to keep denis, the black album was great, this song is ass
I want to love this but I can't..
Love the new direction.
Well there is a god after all! Welcome back Danny
Songs good but I think Reckless and Relentless is still going to be my fav album from them.
Can't wait for a new album, this song is fire..\nHaha..get it...fire..cuz the song-nevermind
I love it! The story behind it and everything is amazing! Can't wait for the album to come out!!!!
Damn Good. But its not like that i was expected. I thought it will be hardcore AF. But its too soft inside
I liked this song!\nCONGRATULATUIONS GUYS!!\nYou did very well,.\nDanny, you have not changed at all, I love your voice. keep it up
This is way better then that fucking Gossip album Sleeping with Sirens kept hyping up about, Asking Alexandria with Danny is where it's at!!! 🖤
Why they use guitars? I didn't hear any guitar.
I can't help but feel like seeing a scene from Fast & Furious.
Listened to AA since the final episode had 12k views. Literal hero, and i support this 100% fucking gold.
Apparently the tuning for this song is drop G#. Wtf even is that tuning??
I think a certain vocalist got inspired by the Sin City movies
I'VE GOT CHILLS!! My dreams are a reality now and this has made my month!!
I don't know what to think about James' hair, honestly 😂
The vocals are surprisingly good, everything else is incredibly mediocre. Also whoever mixed this should never touch audio equipment ever again.
So glad Denis is fucking gone. That was a baaaaaad era. I would have much preferred a hiatus (lmao) than that shit tbh
What a great start #AAFamily
FUCK YEA. He's back ಠロಠ
ой ну красавчики ваще
Not the same
nice!!!  xO
boring and mega comercial, meh
Excelente, me gustó mucho! 👌🏼👏🏼
Nice Danny Great voice
Ooooo yeaaaah!!!!!!!!!! ♥
Ja chcę Denisa ;__;
<3
Годнота так годнота
♡
this shit makes me feel invincible!!
I love it!
Sin City
danny  is slaying it
Porquería
Denis????
AA❤
Ouuuu Men  :O Perfect  for my
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I still prefer Denis
2:35 speed 0.75 listen more black???
sin city
#EPICCOMEBACK
WTF ☠️
1.3 million views in 4 days.....daaaaam !
refreshing change.
Hell yeah!
The black?
Love you guys
Still gay
That was fuckn awesome
does Danny enjoy screaming again?
😍😍😍😍
Incrível
Puta mierda xd
DANNY ?????????????????
BOOOOOOOOOOOIIIIIIII
https://youtu.be/u6sltTkppgw
<3 Just...freaking yes.
the fat cowgirl sucks now
Sin los screams esta cancion estaria mas mala
i got a emo boner and so hard
Supetrtrrr
Was incredible fun having you visit my friend! Outstanding video!! 😀🎉
Leaem How to do fly fishing. Catch a fish on nymph, streamer fly and dry flie
What's the last song at the end?
You should learn to drift
Have you heard of something called polyphonic overtone singing? You should look into it, could be a very interesting video
I have a suggestion for a skill here it is. Learn to ride a bike no handed
Learn how to talk backwards! (Like legit backwards like the recent smarter every day video)
Have you considered learning how to free-line? It's like skateboarding, except you have two tiny ones for each foot.
Great video! You should learn how to play osu!, it's an interesting rhythm game.
Learning to woodwork,something in construction please
Can you try learning ice skating or hockey?
Hang on. He's a blacksmith and his name is Alec...STEELE?!?! That's awesome!
Yo I got a challenge for you try to play with a toy called a kendama find one at www.kendamausa.com the challenge is get a trick called around the world !
You should learn how to destroy someone in street fighter or play bagpipes
Learn to volley a golf ball on a wedge
Learn to play osu! (pass a 5 star map)
Learn to do the splits! That’d be pretty cool
Hey mike I have a challenge for you, your should learn to do the butterfly stroke for 50m
You should learn how to do a Balisong (Butterfly Knife) trick called around the thumb.  (You can buy  a trainer knife)
Honestly, some of the most original content ive seen in a while\nSubcribed
Hey mike! I have a challenge for you, learn how to beat minesweeper on hard. :)
i love your videos man keep up the good work
Write with both hands simultaneously... Even move on to write different sentences at the same time...\n\nBut you can pick your level; the first step in the breakdown is just to write with your non-dominant hand! Good luck
Is anyone gonna mention the fact that he said we've been grinding hard from 9 in the morning or am I the only one who's dirty minded
Next Two Video Ideas:\n\n1. Learn the Piano (yes learn how to read sheet music please): 1st Song- Moonlight Sonata 1st\n\n2. Learn how to tornado kick (twd)
are you serious? a blacksmith with the last name of STEELE!
Learning how to penspin would be a cool idea
Fantastic video, beautiful steel and congratulations on your wedding day xxP
You should learn to build a guitar pedal
You should totally learn how to do pen spinning
I challenge you to Bowl a 300.
Beat any of the Dark Souls games. I dare you.
Try to make a beat in ableton 😂
Learn the balisong. 4 moves. Helix; Behind the 8 ball; kiss goodbye and the an aerial. Gl
Please learn tricking with a balisong/butterflyknife🙌🏼❤️
Try to do a 20 cm card spring
Learn how to not procrastinate? Asking for a friend... you know cause I'm perfectly successful :l
Just binged through a bunch of your videos and I love your content dude!  Can you learn to do a human flag?  You've challenged yourself to do muscle ups before which is a real upper body challenge, now you should try challenge your core! All the best for your wedding mate!
He has Dannebrog(Flag of Denmark(my country)) in the background, nice.
anybody know the song at 7:55?
Try and make a game in scratch
Try to learn a handstand
You should do learning to ride a bike with no hands. and not just regular riding, maneuvering it around corners and controlling direction like a regular bike.
Alec does live up to his name, eh!\n\n\nyou know, cuz his last name is Steele like steel as in, you know, material for blacksmith. you get me? ok nvm...
You look so happy, I can't help my self! I'm smiling all day today because of you
Learn to walk on your hands!
Learn how to break a wine glass with your voice!!!!!! Just like L.A Beast
Learn to fakie with a bmx bike aka learn to roll backwards
That guy is so funny and enthusiastic!
And can you try and learn cardistry next video??
Can you make a video about how to learn handstand
Learn to Freedive, that would be nice!
challenge you to learn topology
Learn to shoot with bow and arrow!
Try to learn to do butterfly tricks
Mike learn to spike on a kendama
Learn to paradidle on drums as fast and consistent as possible
Learn how to draw from life with realistic lighting.
Learn how to type on a keyboard without looking at it
You should learn to do basic bike trial moves such as a back wheel hop.
Learn to write from right to left
How about learn to bunny hop ? It's very hard for me to learn so maybe i could get some inspiration :D
Learn how  to do competive double dutch.
He never stops, so true, Alec is a machine ;)
I think you might have a lot of fun learning how to make something called Dorodango.
Learn to make a table and chair (carpentary)
You should learn how to do 360 Flip
Here is a potential idea, Why don't you learn how to build an acoustic piano or learn how to tune one that hasn't been tuned.
This guy has so much energy I love it
Learn how to be a good boyfriend can you do that thad help me out a bunch
Learn how to manual on a skate boatd
Learn how to do cardistry / card juggle
Learn to handstand!
MY TWO FAVORITE YOUTUBERS COLABING ERMAHGERD
Do the backflip again
LEARN TO SPIN PIZZA DOUGH
learn to play chess?
You should learn some sweet kendama tricks
Learn how to slam dunk!
Please learn to beatbox
Learn to walk on slackline
learn to dunk
Learn how to throw pizza dough properly
For your next challenge, try to learn to juggle 4 bowling pins. Good luck!
You should learn how to roll a coin across your fingers\nLike so he sees it
Learn to play a osu! 6 star song without NF (NoFail).
Learn self defense.
like valerian steele 😂😂
Learn to freedive!!
Learn bulgarian.
Absolutely stunning editing work!
Learn to paint!
made it onto trending! well done mate.
Learn cardistry!!
learn how to juke
Good One!!! Suggestion:  Learn throat singing!
learn to play volleyball dude
Learn pen spinning
Learn to moonwalk
You rule man.
Guy
You look fabulous
LMFAO WTF!!!! WHAT A FUCKIN FREAK
FUCKING SLAYING ME HUNTTIIIIE <3 LOVE YOU
phaggot
omg u look great!!!!
Open for nudes
Has anyone else noticed that Jeffree got them friggin yaoi hands?
I loveee your hair!!
Werrkkkk always loving ur new lips
What is that
LOVE THIS LOOK. 💙
Girl?
love the hair
This look reminds me of 2008 jeffree
What fuck
Eww
Pls delete this channel
Loving this classic Jeffree look! ❤️
your scary :0
GET MARRIED ALREADY💕😍💕😍💕😍💕😍
Love it!💘
hey wassup kurt you looking snatched 😂😂😂😂
Blue hair ♥
Why is this shit always trending. Youtube trying to push their mental illness aganda again
Why would one put so much effort into looking like a waterweed..and claiming it's glamorous?\nWaldo the mutt long haired sheep dog achieved this look in playing 10 minutes in the rain by a pond in 1981.. just your nose is shorter( and you can talk betterer)\nAre you a person with depression, or identity issues, or maybe anti authority bent( like Satan v Creation).\nIt's great you can make a living doing stuff, but. PLEASE.
Damn whats up kurt you lookin snatched! lmao i love you. i dont even wear lip color like that still watched this whole video. Completely entertained. Love this wet hair look bitch slay!!
Does anyone know what hair jeffree is wearing in this video?! It's BEAUTIFUL !! please let me know
do ya'll realize that the hate comments are coming from triggered homofobic white men that are only watching thid vid cus it was on trending? like  guys don't call them haters, they're not at that level yet, that's not hate that's just plain ignorance!!
why do you want to be a girl? Seriously just be a man.\n\nBeing a girl is for girls, being a man is for men.\n\nChange to man again, I looked at you once on the thumbnail and I saw you were a boy, I realised in one second.
I can't believe how good Alaska looks
I'm LIVING for this look!!!!!
please do a vid on this look!! XX
grow a beard and dye it the same color..lol
You are absolutly SLAYING the Mermaid hair!! \nBut i love the Blonde too It was so Pretty and slick
Omg Boo I absolutely LOVE your hair babe!! It's gorgeous on you!!!
Who else wants to see jefrees makeup table while he's filming? lol
You have great lips😊.
Your red shadow look is so gorgeous 😍
Damn, I already have most of those shades.  Boo.  Looking forward to the new release, though.  \nYAAAAAS
maybe it stained your lips because ...  it's a lip... stain...
Why is every gay dude an old black lady?
You should put makeup on your tattoos. Like lips on their lips....
The 4th one kinda reminds me of this wet n wild liquid lipstick i got at 5 and below. XD
BITCH I AM LIVING FOR THIS LOOK
“I have heard the applicator for this is weird” whispers weird 😂💀💀😍😍 I’m dying haha
I LOVE your hair!!! 💜💜
Love the blue hair Jeffree! Looks super pretty on you! (-:
I have used the gray smashbox matte, and it became flakey and very dry. Maybe it was just the gray one??
I love the total blue style u r rocking. How did u know my favourite color?? I love how we think the same and this is not the first time we have.
That is a boy df
I don't know why but I think that you suppose to like men's why you have tattoos to my its so stupid that but I can't say yo anything because it's your body no my
This is why aliens wont visit us... Because they saw this guy and were like, shit i guess another alien species has already been here before us
where is that wig from? i die i want it so bad
Jeffree, I love me some luxury lips. Especially ysl but honestly.... Yours are still my favorite.
I chuckled when you used the stain first. I knew it would super stain your lips.
Will it be at ulta??!!
For your hair, I personally would have done darker eyebrows and a gold eye look and a crazy lip, but you slay everything anyway XD
What Is that thing?
“Damm what’s up Kurt? You lookin’ SNATCH!” \n\nI’m dead 💕😍
Put a bullet in your brain
You look so good!!!
ALL DAT BLUE THO..\nlove the smashbox look especially with your eye makeup!
I literally just threw up
you should do a full face lipstick challenge
When he applied the first red lipstick i swear to god I thought it was willam 😆😆😆😍
You look like your ready to go to hell;)
Absolutely fucking love your makeup in this video and the blue curly hair oh my dayyyzzz
But you aren’t a girl?
I love watching these vids, like you could not do a better makeup tutorial than Jeffree. Sub to my sister Mashenxa who is a fan and also does makeup!!!
Is this a guy or a girl
Um Jeffree? Like you reveal this now and you make us wait till September 30 and freaking October to get our hands on your new stuff!!! Such a tease!!!! I'm dying for those nudes!!!
that god damn red smashbox color..... the brighter one.... im fucking dead its so beautiful
Lmao that first liquid lip is bj proof😂
Your eye look is amazing
Omg!!!! That metallic red is phenomenal!!!! Also, I'm a little new here (late to the party as usual hahahahahaha) but guuurl, your tattoos!!! STUNNING! That Catwoman is so fierce! Gorgeous!
Love you Jeffree, thanks for another great video! <3
KRUSTY THE CLOWN WHO
THIS LOOK HAS ME LIVINGGG
Do a makeup collection video please
if you have or had a penis your a boy
THIS THING MUST TAKE A TON OF DRUGS TO DISTRACT ITSELF FROM HOW FUCKED UP THIS THING IS.
Can we get a tutorial on this eye shadow look?
Fuck sake... Gay pride and all that, drag is fine but this guy is fucking horrendous.
This is fucking disturbing.
you think this person does not have a mental health problem
No, its time to fucking stop.
To all the women watching this, this thing is a freak, do not end up like him or you will get bullied
Damn what's up Kurt, you looking snatched 😂
Love the hair 💖😍
This guy is pretty impressive.
You fascinate me!
Who is this weird bitch?😂😂
Wtf is that!!!
You are soo fucking cute 😘😘😘
I love jeffree
Omfg i love that look
Living for this hair😍 wish I could do this to myself 👌🏽👌🏽
Decay of society
Thought lipstick was only for women
Hey, everyone! I'm Liam, the creator of this video. I've been working on this one for a heck of a long time. I hope you all enjoy it. Special thanks to Julian Eggebrecht, the founder of Factor 5, Inc. for letting us share footage of WeFly for the first time. If anyone has any questions about the video, please let me know.
Release the prototype iso online Factor 5, please. Thumbs up if you agree.
As a developer, these are the saddest damn things to watch
Man, what a shame. I'd have loved WeFly.
This makes me really sad. I absolutely love Pilotwings, and this looks like it could have been the best one. RIP
Rogue Squadron was so good. Factor 5 would have made an amazing Wii game. The name “WeFly” screams shovelware, but it looked VERY promising especially with the level of detail added for the time.
Did you know? I keep pushing people away, but am really terrified of dying alone.
if they just made a Star Fox game where you fly by holding the wii mote - and fire using - you know - the buttons - it would have been the greatest game on the Wii - there was a mini game in one of those wario ware games where you did that - it was perfection
how...how did i not ever heard about that version of VR? that version seems MUCH more simplified and severely less costly to produce. that looked really cool.
That moment when a GOOD channel is on trending. Feels great man.
If the former staff were bought by sony and asking them make their pilot wings version for the VR. \n\nIt could be possible, but its only a dream I can only say
Best game for wii sports resort
That would have been amazing! \n\nExcellent video!
5:28 Holy depth imagine one of those old star wars rebel assault games with a wiimote while on the shooting gallery part of the games and add in where you have to bob your head around to get a good angle on stormtroopers to shoot at and dodge by swaying your body hard to the sides. That would be more 3d then any 3d movie I've ever seen.
So in a sense Nintendo thrown away ther own version of face tracking 3d vr before anyone else had it great job missing that patent guys
This pisses me off. Poor Factor 5. I loved them. Imagine if they were still making games today on current platforms.
Holy fucking shit, WeFlight looked REALLY impressive, especially with the glasses and how they tried to replicate the actual weather and timezones of the real world. It legitimately makes me sad that Factor 5 got bankrupt, this seemed like it'd be a really fun game and I'd love if it got released.
😔I wish this game existed
It's like every other game featured here had a connection to Factor 5 in someway. It's almost as if they're bad luck
Fuck, this game looks like it would've been awesome. So sad they had to close down. :(
They should leak the roms for us to emulate
Im sad that wefly/wiifly failed,it could have been awesome to fly around london or tokyo,i feel like it could have online with other people
Ah, my dream Wii game! We almost had it. Maybe it can still happen someday....
It's disappointing that this game managed to get off the ground and really take off, but, it was not capable of sticking the landing.
By then Nintendo president; Satoru Iwata\nThat line, and how casually it was said... I gotta say it punched right in the feels. I miss that dude.
This game looks awesome! It's a shame that it had to be cancelled though. :/
UGH, THIS WOULD'VE WON AWARDS!
Man, I wish Factor 5 was able to release this game
at this point with most involved companies bankrupt\nwhy not accidentally leak the unfinished game to the internet\nso others can enjoy the game that had so much love and care put into it
The game looks great and all, but those glasses would've been amazing
Such a shame that this never made it to console. It would of been an amazing and unique experience.
Xbox, a console of a larger installed base... Sorry, but... no. At the end of the generation the Xbox barely had sold just 3 million more than the GameCube, and I'm sure at time Lucas Arts were putting pressure on Factor 5, the two console had pretty much the same installed. They must have wanted the Star Wars to be ported to Xbox, but not because of a larger installed base that it clearly didn't have, but probably because the PS2 couldn't run those game without some serious downgrade and optimization. So the Xbox was their best option for a port, since it could do direct port without much work.
Can't wait for the day when it eventually gets leaked online
I'd love to have played it.
Looks so dank, wish I had this as a kid whould have been my jam.
What a depressing story... Can't believe no publisher bailed out Factor 5, they were such a talented studio, and yet so many shitty games came out on Wii and even made money. Please make the next Unseen 64 about a crap cancelled game that didn't deserve to come out to cheer me up, or I'll be sad about this until the next Pilotwings comes out, which will probably be forever.
I feel like this is the game that would've actually gotten me to play the Wii. Then again, I would've bought this just because Factor 5's name was on it.
Wow. Looks and sounds likes a revolutionary Wii game for its time. Too bad Factor 5 went bankrupt.
Now with Pilotwings having gone on hiatus again for over half a decade (geez I'm having one of those it's really been that long? moments remembering Pilotwings Resort was a 3DS launch title back in 2011) I think now would be a nice time to revisit the series. A game like that seems like a nice fit for the Switch since you can do quick play sessions anywhere you want, and the increased power of the system compared to something like the 3DS could mean more and larger levels, and maybe even new vehicles if they can find a fun way to implement them. I guess the big question is if it'd still mainly use Miis like Resort did or if it'd go back to characters designed by the dev team like Pilotwings 64 (if it does this would be a cool way to bring back Nester given he was in PW64).
[sees headset idea]\nWow that's really dumb.\n[sees headset in use]\nWOW THAT'S AWESOME.\n\nMan, I am SO BUMMED that this was never finished. The only thing I ever did in Pilotwings 64 was explore the island and find all of its secrets while more or less ignoring the actual missions, so WeFly would have been RIGHT up my alley. And the weather channel integration was just such a cool idea!
If only Factor 5 hadn't been killed by the PS3 disaster that is Lair, we'd have had a great return of Pilotwings. -_-
Factor 5, forever caught in Nintendo's friend zone
I hope WeFly gets leaked one day, it looks like the proper pilot wings sequel I've been wanting.\nVery impressive looking to, sad it couldn't be released it would have been a quick purchase for me.
We need to dig the game's assets up from the Former Factor5 Management, repackage it, and make it a reality. Anyone up for the search?\n\n#WeFlyRecoveryMission
Dam this sounds like it would have been good
We need this on the Switch
This video just makes me sad. I would have LOVED this game. It looks so chill and relaxing.
GOD DAMNIT! That game sounds so damn promising! I would've totally LOVED to play that!
Nintendo should have cradled their relationship with Factor 5 like it was their only child.\nThey were seriously talented and made two of the best games on the Gamecube. \nAnd having played Lair on PS3 recently (bought it for almost nothing), I'd say it's a pretty good game too despite the criticism it got.
Let's pray that someone revives the idea for the switch.
I guess the Wii could have been a less shitty console with such a game !
Gutted I would have loved that game
at around 11 minute mark I realized this was unseen64 ...and it broke my heart
Nintendo been running game studios since like forever.
Fuck, wasn't Factor 5 allowed to finish a single game?
What a sad story... To think that a potentially awesome game, and pseudo VR would just disappear thanks to 2008. Those infrared glasses were freakin' genius, I still want those! If they revive this game and add the infrared glasses to the switch i will die a happy man.
I want this on Switch.
Man, that WeFly would have been fantastic!! N should have brought those people on board to complete it..
This is a *huge* pisser, to me. I know about some of Factor 5's other rejected projects, such as their original 8-player _Mega Bomberman_ demo.. but, the fact that a series of events prevented one of my _favorite_ childhood games from getting another entry just burns my hide.  It was a shame...
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Damn i feel for Factor 5....would have loved a new Pilotwings game the 64 one was one of the most relaxing games I've ever played
now that was a sad story
that head tracking bit was so cool. if i had the talent i'd try my hand at something similar.
Really wish this, and the completed but unreleased Rogue Squadron collection could be released someday...
I really hope some of the ex Factor 5 guys leak some of these projects some day.
Bummer! That sounds like it could have been a cool game. Scratching the same itch as Endless Ocean, I suppose.
Damn... That head tracking tech could've made for some good First-Person games.
We Fly's cancellation is honestly one of the more heartwrenching examples of a game being cancelled, in that it seems the developers really put their hearts into making it.
This guy has an American /English accent.
This is... so sad T_T
Interesting... And very impressive graphics.
Ninoooooooooo
Switchfly
That game looks incredible
Pilotwiings
Turn on captions at 2:16 😂😂😂
Fuckthefive?!
Liam sure does love talking about Fucktor 5
Thats sad
Huh, neat
So much potential!
Yet again fucked her 5
I am sorry fucktive five
2:18 xbox porn!?!?!?
5:50 lol game devs get lit
This game seemed amazing!
omg :'(
fuck the five
Unfortunate Nintendo didn't want this game to exist. I see why, but it would have been an amazing title.
Where was the part about pilotwings?
What is the music used in this video's name
Sounds like a very boring Pilotwings. I want a Nintendo 64 Pilotwings reboot made by Namco maybe ? based on Ace Combat 7 graphics Engine 800 P 40 fps would be fine
fuck now i want that game  seriously ubisoft instead of doing stupid sport games or racing why not give us a fligh arcade
Damn this looked like it could have been a killer title for the Wii to really pump some life back into it mid life cycle, however if Factor5 had used data from the Wii's weather channel it would have always been 6 hours old, and I never did get an accurate weather forecast from it the whole time it was active.
what language is the narrator speaking?
Liam, please work on your pronunciation on port. Or don't. It's kinda funny imagining xbox porn of the Rogue Squadron game
This is the first video on trending that is good.
Quick, name every Unseen64 video that doesn't involve Factor 5!\n\nI'll start:
Next time on the Factor 5 show...
Did I hear Fuck the Five?
This is easily the best DRIVING WITH LIZA video ever\n\nidk why i put that in caps lol
Every time I hear that transition honk noise it scares me so bad I jump, it's a natural reaction XD
I would be scared if I was In a car with Liza and she was driving
I'm not hating but is Liza bisexual
Kristen and Liza are best lesbo ship
Can we please see Helga or Jett on the next video?😁 Though this was an amazing video!
-Liza- (she's sign reads it) hmm children in play -takes picture-
i aspire to be as funny as Liza
LIZA GO BACK TO HAWAII AND GO TO TARGET AGAIN BECAUSE I'LL MEET U THERE 😂
Love your video keep it up
You are the best Liza you are funny hilarious nice and gorgeous. Shout out please
Liza:Guys do not get on your phone while driving.I’ve seen people getting into accidents-actually wait,lemme just pull this up.\nMe:YOU JUST SAID TO NOT GET ON YOUR OHONE WHILE DRIVING!*facepalms*
Don’t u hate how Logan and jake copies liza
i think i am side kick like only a couple of days ago i was thinking about it Liza posted another driving with Liza and it happend
Hey so I'm not trying to be mean with what I'm about to say okay? So I like Liza she's funny af and really clever with her jokes and she makes good content but I don't feel like it's 12 mil subscribers good, is there something I'm missing like how long she's been uploading or one really highly viewed vid or what? I mean I like her stuff it just seems weird to me a little how large her channel is I guess.
Omg when I saw driving with Liza I pressed so hard please keep doing these make my day!!!!
HELGA NEEDS TO COME BACK
Logan paul finally passed u in subs lol
You should do a dance class!!! Teach us!!
Why dosent Liza make her Snapchat story at 4.21 instead of 4.20 because David is 4.21
She is a genius
Goddamn it I didn't want to give in but this made me laugh far too many times. I'm subbing you glorious animal! The bit with the Taylor Swift song had me DYING.
Can u please please please recreate your childhood photos watch Natalie's outlet she tagged u do it please it'd be really funny
Heyo just started a Youtube channel! Would really appreciate it if you guys subscribed:)
Liza you should give us a house tour
Was David’s pp big
I love you ... you should do more videos with cristina I also love her
2:18\n\nAPART FROM Rick & Morty, WHAT DID YOU SEE?
U should do a vid were u dance and show off ur moves
There should be a diners drive-ins and dives with Liza!
My sis got hit by a car wen she was on the bike it was a hit and run
liza u know how you think u got no eyebrows? Well, to fix that, just put some castor oil on them regularly until you are satisfied. (I learnt that from 5 minute crafts)
I’m technically like Liza. I an Brown, small, I have ADD, born in Houston Tx and love Beyoncé
1:49 I now love Liza more
i dare  you to destroy something i someone's cart and say  there was a baby spider on it. 
I love you so much! You are so stinking beautiful. I can't take it all in! You are the best person to watch on YouTube. You are fabulous, fantastic, amazing, cool, and so much more than you think! You bring me so much happiness and joy! I love your videos!
LIKE THIS IF YOU FIND THE DIFFERENCE 😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😦😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧😧
I heard that you are pregnant
One time I dreamed that I met u at vidcon and I woke up and started to cry bc it was a dream
who else makes a weird face with her when she says yeah at the end of the intro? Just me? Oh ok.
Liza you should make a song using all of your split personalities!!
I love Liza so much
Can you try to recreate your kid pictures
Please be an Uber driver.
Why are you perfect?
Do a video where helga, Jet baby set baby Liza
Carlos is my spirit animal😂
You have the same birthday as me 😀😀😀.
I whant to date you
HEY LIZA ALLIE HERE MAYBE FOR UR NEXT VIDEO U CAN DO SPORTS WITH LIZA
can u please talk to your halloween pre teen self
My family plays butt tag! lol. seats are safe yes, everyone thinks we are weird.
HOW TO GET YOUR LICENSE TAKEN IN 5 MINUTES
Lol
What song at 3:50
It's my fwind cwistan say hi cwstan \n\nHa \n\nXD
I loveuuuuu
Omg PLEASE do Driving with Liza to Cardi B “Bodak Yellow!” 😂
Honestly my fave
U are so adorable 😇😇
Follow me on instagram at MusicDov please Liza
Your so funy
Hi liza💗😍😂😂😂😂😂
Wait, Liza has friends?
Fienly another
Why dont you make videos everyday#askliza
your so pretty so funny too
Part 5
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow8OGIqt0Qc
Weewooweeyweeoweeowowo Talk about talk about oooo! Lol
Do another aesthetically pleasing vlog please!
Haha peakaboo   ahuhueh
Hit the road😂😂😂😂😂
Do a hallowen seris
liza be my uber
Youre my dream girl
1:34
1:10 song pleaseee
HAHAHAHAHAA you´re really crazy
I never laugh at Lizas videos anymore :'( Is this just me??
Hey Liza Koshy fans! We're almost at 2k subs. I know with the power of you guys we can do it!! Smash that sub button and I'll sub back <3. like when done
Some time I think Liza is boy not girl loll
This is my first video I ever watched from this girl and I'm laughing like a teapot on fire.
she should recreate her child hood pictures
You should do more of these driving with Liza videos there hilarious
I'M SO SORRY YOU ARE SO ADORABLE THAT IT IS UNHEALTHY FOR ME I HAVE TO UNSUCRIBE
Do Liza at the beach!
..aaaannndddd this is why there's always traffic :)
lizas editing is so fucking good poor her
Hit the road jack and don't ya come back no mo no mo no MO!!
Who's watching this while driving?
What’s the song at 2:45 ?
Ohhh i love her!
Peek a boo 😂😂
Haha!!
Haha PIKABOO. 🤣🤣🤣
HHHH-YA!!
Who else died at 0:50? 😂🙋
QUICK! COMENT *GO LIVE* So she will! 😰😰😰❤❤
My mom loves that song 2:46
What a gorgeous family holy crap
I wish my mom said yes for once LOL
jackson looks like my cousin but with brown hair.
What's with the coffee ?
“Dad can we go to the park” aw wait what dad! 💔
well the ending is anoher experiment, sharing your personal number to millions of people
its really sad she wouldnt normally play soccer with her kids :(
6:27 I though his shirt said yes to weed XD
5:30 OMGURD I THOUGHT A FIREBALL ROLLED ACROSS THE GTOUND
Spaghetti tacos are so delicious, when i heard it i went to the shops and brought spaghetti and some tocos tried it. So good 😍😍😍😍😍
Mom, can we go to Disney World?\n\n\n*F U C K*
My foster parents said NO to everything then I got spanked
Interesting experiment.  Glad it was fun for your family.  Please check out my new comic series Homeless Teddy this Wednesday.
Omg! This is so interesting!! Can I write about it ?
My parents would be poor if they said yes to me in a day. My parents never say yes --_-
Your eldest looks just like you! So cute!
Bro now you make me feel I have terrible parents lol, kinda sad actually lol
When you relize when they grow up😂
When buzzfeed actually makes a good video
As soon as she asked them what do they want for dinner they answered so quickly *Spageyyi Tacos!* And 0:03 what's on Wyatt's arm?
Amazing new study finds that being nice to your kids doesn't make them into spoiled brats! Many parents stunned!
85° pfft its 115° were i live\n\n\n\n\nPlease help me
Your kids are so cute!!
Change yes to no and you'll have my mom 😂 ( sorry mom )
For spaghetti tacos I thought about Spencer from iCarly \nI tried it and there the bomb
Is she gonna takes zip of the coffe
You're so pretty.
If may parents would say only yes I'd ask them to buy a Bugatti,A yacht and a private jet
I’ve got one! You only said yes in a Vietnamese market!mI went there and I basically said No like 100 times!
Can I have an iPhone X?
if i was one of the kids and i known what what going on i would ask for money
She's so beautiful and a wonderful mother!!❤️
Where was your husband in all of this
I love your hair
How do you. Make those Tacos
Say no to your kids for a week
my cats name is wyatt
I personally don't believe in only saying yes to your kids...but this seems like she had some wonderful revaluations that I think a lot of us could benefit from...
I wish my parents said yes more☹️I really wish you were my mom your are so cool and fun
It was at the moment Hannah knew she fukced up
Someone's been watching iCarly a bit too much.
Icarly made them do it🌮🍝
3:05 ummm, I think your son is a commie Soviet spy.
Sign my mom up for this
CHECK OUT ME AND MY FRIENDS  FAN DAIGONROPA \nSUBMIT A CHARECTER BEFORE IT FILLS UP\n\nhttps://youtu.be/T22_aWQuIpw
nothing says white like holding a latte throughout the vid.
Lets see you try this when they're teenagers.
HEY MOM CAN YOU DO THIS CHALLENGE
What if they asked for all the money in your bank account or to stay in a Disney hotel for 2 same thing
Her kids are so cute! I want to play with them.
Wait until they are teenagers lol
I would ask for a 2jz supra
I want to color my hair
I want my hair like that!
I initially rolled my eyes at this & wasn't going to watch it, although I'm glad I did. I appreciated your realizations. Sharing.
I would ask to go to burning man
This is easy af just don't ask your kids any questions
it's a shame that I had spaghetti just a few hours before watching the video \nI could've made tacos😛
Best day ever!  - totally made me cry. mom to mom, you are doing fantastic!
Umm no yall need what i had *BLACK PARENT*
I hoped they would say I want a dog
Is it weird that I want to touch her hair?\nit’s beautiful 😍
I actually found myself enjoying a Buzzfeed video for once. No politics = good video
Wyatt do you want that? Wyatt:wahhh
This would go really wrong.
Why does it sound like she is about to break down and cry throughout the entire video.
HER KIDS ARE SO CUTE I CAN’T
I thought they would be brats. Boy was I wrong...
I thought they would ask for porn😂😂😂
1:23 Enema Cam
spaghetti tacos, REMEMBER ICARLY!!!
OMG WHY DID THEY SAY SPAGHETTI TACOS I WANNA TRY
Click here ➡️➡️➡️ http://ThePayz.com/?refer=6351
Hannah ❤️🇧🇷
Spaghetti tacos gave me icarly vibes
Wow spaghetti tacos wth
better
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Excellent video :)
At there age
Wooooaaaaahhh
Can I have uhh 4 sour patch kids
anyone get icarly vibes from the spaghetti tacos???
4:41 -Dances- Mm Mm Mm
ADVENTURE TIME!!!!!!!!
Kekeke
Buy me a nasa supercomputer.
Jackson/Jaxon is adorable
Spaghetti tacos
I wanna cum
Gentile parenting ewww
Gawd, that's my moms nightmare..😂
Thanks buzzfeed. I'm not a mom yet but I'll def implement this once I am
right so you have raised your children with boundaries and limits up to now that doesn't change over night especially if they don't know.
Those aren't tacos they American tacos which aren't even tacos wtf
*Mom can you take the child filter off my computer*
This pisses me off and I have no clue why
OML 86 DEGREES IM PRETTY SURE THATS IMPOS- ohhh they mean Fahrenheit
OMFGG SHES NOT DRINKING WINEEEEEE!!!!!!
when he said “this is the best day ever” i actually started to tear up and i have no idea why
What up #TeamSuper?! Make sure and go give my girl LaurDIY and my boy Alex Wassabi some LOVE! And guess what else?! IT'S TIME FOR SUPER SIXTY!!! I'll be replying to your comments below for the next 60 minutes :) xx
If your friend sent you this, it's for a reason\n\nI don't have any friends... T^T
look at lauren at 2.56\nlauren:i love her\nalex:why is she doing that face im super embarased, nevermind gotta look good on camera
I'm waiting for the catch  like for ever 🙄
https://youtu.be/Er7b4ZpmkSU\nWatch the video for Ambe gauri puja celebration of Gujarat, colorful dressing full of energy and fun
Lilly, I have a humble request, please upload the bloopers. I Bet that would be hilarious.🙏😂😂
Funny video.  Please check out my new comic series Homeless Teddy this Wednesday.
Hello I love you lots and your videos
HAPPY BIRTH DAY to one of my best ma'am and my Inspiration Lilly Singh AKA IISuperwomanII . Wish you a very Happy\nBirthday and Many Many Happy returns of the day . Here is a very Small gift just for you . I Hope You will like it . \nIt would be awesome if you can reply .\nIISUPERWOMANII Singing Sorry by Justin Bieber : http://bit.ly/2xqmDq9
It’s funny when Alex laughed so loud that’s the kind of guy Alex is
Hello superwoman l love watching your and l also like it too and l also think your so super funny and cool and awesome and pretty too and i love what you do best okay lilly 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚❤❤❤❤❤💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😗😗😗😗😗😗😗😗😗😗😗😗😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀👄👄👄👄👄👄👄👄💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍💜💜💜💜💜💖💖💖💖💖
My name  is Jennifer :0
When you said Parmesan and Alex said bless you.. I JOKED ON MY PIZZAROLE
DO NOT CLICK READ MORE!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYOU NEVER LISTEN...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n...TO ME
This is the one of the funniest videos I've ever watched 😂😂
My favorite one is the last one \nI love all of them but that one is my favorite
When he was trying to say schedule I think he still had a littl e bit of Richard in him
I love all of these youtubers & I love that you collabed. You are all amazing
It's mean to talk like that what it's a comment their really nice
I KNEW FOR THE MUSIC ONE THE GUY WAS GONNA SAY FIFTH HARMONY
Hi I love you guys so much❤💙💚💛💜
I love your videos I wish I met you in person though rather than the screen
Home girl watched the eclipse without those special glasses LMAOOOO 😂😂
Hi, I love you!
If you dont want to use bff you can use bfl aka best friends  for live
UH #supersixty I LOVE YOU, AND I JUST WANT A HI BACK. AND THAT MY NAME IS LILY TOO
Hey this may seem rude of me but how do I get rid of this guy that is flirting with me? \nI know the occasional flirty comment is ok but this guy is flirting with every sentence. Please help me
When you don't have best friends....
I miss your snapbacks. But I love this video!
lol I love how she says muscles lol
my uncle is gey and he does not sound like that
Do you like Alex?
Except she forgot the one who is constantly flirting with you........
I love this video
Happy bday Lilly it's 1:19 am in the UK love you always have always will you're the BAWSE and the BEST and as long as you shall live don't you ever let anyone ever tell you otherwise
You just gained a subscriber
you make me feel confident, thank you for making me feel good! Love you!
This video had me dying
I am your biggest fan so you should do a video about how many boyfriend's you have had and how you got them
I've dated the waste guy 😂👌😢😭😅😒😢😂😂😂
D O E S   A N Y O N E   W A N T   T O   B E   YOUTUBE FRIENDS?!
YESSS ALL OF MY 3 FAVORITE YOUTUBER ARE HERE
Hey Lilly laurDIY and Alex love all ur videos
I'm subscribed to all three of u. Alex Wassabi, LaurDiy and now Superwoman
i dont like you bad bad language kids watch you you know i mean come on Lilly what kind of super power is that?
Sezhule 😂😂 I’m dead !! This was hilarious #laurex
Ohhhhhhhhhh this is da perfect video for my sister :/
Don't really watch her but I FOUND HER BOOK!! (Yet I didn't get to buy it I wunnuh cri) Even MyLifeAsEva's book!\n\n\nSO HAPPY I FOUND'EM!!!!!
Can you post a new video right now cause I’m so bored it’s Monday cmon Lilly iisuperwomanii
I love alex and Lauren i watch your videos
Omg!!! It's #32 on TRENDING!!! :DDDD
Seduele schedule seduele SCHEDULE
Kk
Please do collab with Amanda Cerny
I live my non-existent  relationships vicariously through Laurex
Grab a booty because it feels NICE lololololo
Super women rocks
Hi
Jenni.....f..er...
Laurs dimples are so cute!!!
this was hilarious
Dap
Omg this vid is on my bday
Hi
Love those acting skills 😂😂😂
Hi
Woah.. SEAHAWKS!!!
6:34 BRUH HIS LAUGH HAS ME DYING 😂😂
Hiiiii
Go grab a Booty because is Feels Noice. XD
HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY!!!
Happy birthday 🎉 Lilly.
Hi
I 😁
IL
Seahawks my towns team 😂😂 Reppin Wa
Seahawks yasssssss
Hi
Love you guys💖💖💖💜👊🏽
HEY
OML LILLY AND LAUREN ARE SO BOOTIFUL
MARRY ME please 😆😆
react to BTS DNA
I like your chanal
Happy almost B-day!!!!
Kiss alex iisuperwomanii
5:41- 5:48 😂😂😂😂😂
Hey
hi
Hi superwoman
happy birthday lilly i remembered
happy bday
Sedule😂😂
Somehow I manage to get all the quirks.......why does this happen to me??😂😂
All I have to say is lol😂😂
Happy early birthday Lilly!Love you 😘
Lilly tomorrow's are birthday so can you please make a video are present.
His laugh is hilarious
LILLY HAPPY BIRTHDAY (26 September) HAAAAAPPYYYYYYY BIIIIRRRRRRTHDAAAAAAAAAAY
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LILY!!
It'll be a sad day if Tim gives Domo the boot. Domo is one of the family... why not get rid of Tim instead?
So disappointed in Tim.
Tim's attitude towards Domo is sad and disappointing! Your poor dog is stressed and is suffering from separation anxiety, and instead of trying to help comfort Domo, he wants to just get rid of him? Tim you don't deserve to even be loved by Domo...he's to good of a dog for you....
thats so sad that Tim favours chubby over Domo...poor dog.. shouldn't have favourites..
Great, i really hate Tim now. please don't give Domo away :'(
WTF?! How can he even consider giving Domo away especially for a simple problem that can be solved through  crate training!! ??? I've only had my puppy for 2 months and it was  difficult at first with his training but never in a million years would I give him away !!!
i get headaches from not drying sinc ei was a teen... and white hair ever since i was 14. (turning 22 in nov) QQ
There are more comments about Domo than any advice or tips to help Ayla drink expressed milk.
Hi Lindy.. maybe you can try cup feeding or syringe feeding?
Legit thought your legs at the end was Isaac's bum for a second there!
No... I'm not gonna say it...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHE NEED SOME MILK!!
I really Hope Tim was joking when he said he would gove Domo away, or at least regret what he said. Domo is just feeling like he's not as loved as he is used to. If you give him away he will feel even worst! I understand have 2 kids now they would have less time for their dogs but giving Domo away is not the answer here..
My first son also refused the bottle, my mom syringe fed him, just putting drops on the tongue, also spoon feedings works the same way. I only suggest this for small amounts like 30ml. Family can also try sneaking a bottle feeding when baby is still half asleep. Have them use one of your worn shirts (mommy smell) when they feed her.
Try Kiinde Bottles!! Our son is breastfed and he will take them! They have been a life saver!
she is aging really poorly. and using your own children as a money making machine is just really messed up.
The way she grabs him by them cheeks......
Try a different nipple on the bottle!
I love your kids, but to be honest I really missed all the vlogs with the dogs :(
she doesn't want the bottle because she's used to your boob.  The way they suck the nipple is different than the bottle nipple, so it probably frustrates and confuses her.  if you're going to do the bottle, then try sticking to the bottle only because going back and forth confuses them.  and hopefully.... she'll get used to the bottle nipple... good luck.
I rmb when I tried to give bottle to my daughter, I kind of fooled her into it. \nI would put her all set up in my breastfeeding position, pull out my boob, as she's about to latch on I put the bottle right there for her. from then on she was fine with bottle lol.
Make sure that the bottle nipple has the same shape and resistance as your nipple has she will take it better.
My daughter is exclusively breastfed and will only take a medela bottle I would try warming up the expressed milk with the nipple being warm my daughter was extremely picky about the temperature of the expressed milk and would only drink it if it was warm. I would also try pace feeding when bottle feeding it really worked well for my family and we introduced the bottle as soon as 5 day she will only take breast from me but takes the bottle with everyone else. I would also see if Tim can place a clothing item which smells like you when giving the bottle that may help also which could lay on his shoulder. I went back to work full time when my daughter was 10.5 weeks old she still favors the breast when I'm home but always will take the bottle of my expressed milk when I'm away.
My boyfriend is having a similar issue with his dog Jack. He's only almost nine months old but due to work and time he didn't realize how much work it takes to train a dog. Jack kind of goes wherever. I'm hoping to get a spare key so I can take him to dog lessons and even possibly litter box train him since the current living situation makes it difficult for him to go out much. We were late potty training because of the lepto disease going around so we kept him indoors. Any tips from anyone would help as well!
Maybe it would be a good idea to crate them at night so they can't run around at night
Bubz you should train Domo to use the toilet!
For the potty training stuff for domo, I would suggest closing off a smaller area for them to sleep. If the area is too big, they feel more comfortable pooping everywhere. Also, try to make them poop at night before bed. Just have them leashed and don't go inside until they poop and just make this a routine
Domo seems depressed and stressed because he isnt allowed to sleep with his owners. I dont mean to sound rude but thats most likely why hes been pooping all over the house. Thats why I dont allow my pets to sleep on the bed or in the room with me. They have their own little beds in the living room, maybe even try crate training him? I used to keep mine in a crate at night, it worked for me and my family.
Hey Bubz! I know you get a lot of comments, but I hope you read this one. Maybe you should think about putting Domo in a crate for the night. Dogs instinctively don't want to pee/poo where they sleep, so they will hold it until they are let out. He seems to me to be emotionally stressed because of the changes in the house, and letting him just downstairs gives him enough room to do what I like to call protest poos. I know it won't help with the stress, but it might save you from having to pick up poo every morning!
My baby is three months and is having an issue with taking the bottle as well. I noticed that when I hold him he refuses it but if I prop him on his Boppy and give it to him while he is on it, he takes it! I think that he associates me holding him with breastfeeding!
our dog also started pooping inside when we put up a lil gate to keep her from going upstairs. Still rebelling at her old age
Bubz, buy a couple of different branded bottles and try those. Just buy a single of each or the smallest number pack so you don't waste too much money, but often they don't take to certain brands because of the shape etc. There's a brand advertised on Facebook a lot called Minbie which has a unique shaped teat and has brilliant reviews from mums in your situation where baby wouldn't take a bottle at all and it's worked for them. But I imagine they're more expensive so try shop brought brands first :) xo
From a mum of a 3 month old: I express in the mornings at 5am. If you're up anyways try pumping your breast milk into bottles and have her bottle feed at least once a day. She will get used to it. Also try using different brands of bottles/teats as some babies can be more picky than others. Xx
How month old is baby ayla?
i havent really noticed the reality of bub's height until i saw her with that stroller o.o
You should put isaac in swimming lessons!
Omg.... I love those cheeks!  Remind me of my daughter when she was a newborn....
Domo looks so sad :( \nDomo was such a good big bro to Issac when Issac was a baby.  Please don't give up on him.
Domo just misses the way things were poor dog.
I really hate people who even think to give their dog away. Just lost my respect for Tim.\nI’ll have to unsubscribe,i’m sorry.\nBut I can’t stand people like that...
Don't give your dog away. Rescue is full of abandoned dogs as it is. He has separation anxiety. Let him back in your bedroom or get help
Omg your baby is adorable
What if you put him in a kennel at night
OMG there the cuttest kids i have ever seen!!!
wait, what happens if Ayla wants to play with it in the future ? or u guys just dismantal the toy house and put the thing away? I know it's kinda not my biuness but it its a thought though.
your videos always cheer me up when i’m having a hard day!
I know the dogs can't sleep with you but what about if they slept with Isaac? It could possibly calm Domo's nerves. That or crate train him
8:42 at first i thought someone was bareass naked on your bed.... assumed it was Ayla. But just turns out to be your calves.
I think I've been watching bubzvlogz videos since 2014. It was in that year that I discovered that I had anxiety and depression, I had a hard time leaving home and ended up stopping my life for a year. The videos of this family were one of the forces that encouraged me to fight against my negative thoughts because I wanted to have a family like theirs. I remember how the dogs were clinging to both of them, and seeing Dommo that way makes me very sad. Of course, Tim and Lindy have two kids and that totally changes the dynamics of the house but hearing what Tim said broke my heart. I hope they can find a solution and that Dommo can overcome their anxiety! <3
As a mom that breastfed her babies, the advice I have is if you are going to give her milk using the bottles don't try to do so when you are around.  The baby smells you and she will refuse the bottles.  If that still doesn't work try using different types of bottle nipples until you find the one she likes (look for some that mimics the shape of yours). Good luck!
I just watched the first few seconds...and omg she is so freaking cute!! 😍
I haven't watched bubs in about 2 years omg!!!
Well for starters, you should never scold a dog for doing their business inside. They will only learn to poop or pee inside when you aren't around to see. And if it goes time between him pooping and being scolded he won't understand why you are yelling at him. It's better to use positive reinforcement when they do what you want them to, in this case do their business outside. For example, give food or compliments when he does it.
Lol the baby so cute. She look like a old granny with a smooth face and no teeth when smiling. Kawaiiiiiiiii ☺️
Oh my God, Ayla is such a precious little bundle, I just want to cuddle her.
Dear bubz, your family has grown and expanded, so u are in dire need of a new intro. Also, you live on a different continent.
Hearing that someone wants to get rid of a pet just because they're not acting perfect is seriously the saddest thing ever. I couldn't enjoy the rest of the vlog after hearing that. I never thought Tim could be that kind of a person..
I get why Bubz is so frustrated with her dog. She has a child and an infant and isn't sleeping much and all her patience is going to her kids. Now a dog that was trained to go poo in the proper place is having accidents every day. I have been there Bubz, hang in there. Sending your family love and hope people's suggestions help. :)  \nP.S. You guys make adorable babies!
WHY DOES YOUR INTRO HAVE TO BE SO LOUD
My dog had the same problem when she was slowly passing away, couldn't hold her bladder or bowels any longer. So we found a solution that worked with her and my other dog, he was a pup at the time and it really trained them both fast. It is a scented mat that you place anywhere in your home on the floor, and the dog will go straight to it and should do his business on that. It saves a lot of money getting a dog trainer in, we used to get ours in any pet store for under £5, usually went to a poundland, you'll get about 5 in a pack.
For Domo, I would advise a vet who is also an ethology expert, they are experts on animal behaviour and are able to solve these problems in a kind way that can be long term solutions.
You're such a good mum!! 😭
Poodles are very sensitive dogs and therefore can act out if there are changes to their normal routine. I owned a toy poodle like Domo, and he had many behavioral problems and was extremely difficult to train. Of course each dog is different and has their own personality so I don't want to group together all toy poodles. I feel their pain! T__T
Hi Bubz (please read for doggy tips), thought I'd pop a comment in on the Domo situation. First of all his pooping is definitely a form of anxiety and this may be down to seperation anxiety now that he cannot sleep with you; however as far as I can remember watching your videos long before Domo came along, he has always had an issue with not being fully toilet trained. \n\nYou may find crate training him the best way to go; some people think crate training is a bad idea because they think you are caging the animal but actually a crate creates a safe space or 'den' for a dog and can give them somewhere that they can go that is quiet and relaxing. It would be best to put it in a place somewhere where Isaac cannot get to so that if he feels the need to go and chill out he can without being followed. You will need to teach him that the crate is his safe space so crate train him with you in sight first of all before moving him to a quiet area, feed him treats and associate the crate with good behaviour and praise. Start shutting him in at night instead of giving him the run of the house, as not only will he feel safe and secure in the crate but dogs don't mess in the areas where they sleep. Also NEVER EVER shut a nervous, anxious or excited dog in a crate. Make sure that Domo is happy and relaxed every time he goes in it, especially before closing the door on him. Crate training will be best done without the distraction or loud noises of children around and focusing entirely on that could have him trained in a few hours to associate the crate with a relaxing place.\n\nSecondly he will need to be trained again properly how to go outside, he's not too old so he will learn quickly. Again this will need to be done without the distraction of your children or at least keep Isaac inside when you let the dogs out to do their business. Like with puppies you should praise them highly with petting and a treat immediately after they have done their business outside so that they know that is where to go. That puppy training pad (if you still have it) should be removed as Domo is associating that he is still allowed to go indoors, you want him to go ONLY outdoors with no other options. If you are unable to do this then finding a trainer to focus on it when you are unable to is another option.\n\nDogs should be walked twice a day; the more the dogs go outside on the grass and are praised, they will also learn that it is good to mess outside. I walk a dog that refuses to go in it's garden and will only go out on his walk, so walking them lots will be a good opportunity for them to empty their bowels as well as increasing their happiness and tiring them out at bedtime with will result in lessening his anxiety.\n\nLastly do not tell off a dog hours after they have done something wrong, dogs will not understand what they did as it has been too long to make the connection. You should only tell a dog off when you have caught them in the act, telling them off hours later is just wasting your breath. Simply clean up the mess and bleach the floor so the scent of the mess has been removed, this will help to stop Domo from connecting that spot with being a place he can mess in.\n\nI hope this helps, I am currently doing an animal care course. It would be really sad for you to get rid of Domo but it is not uncommon for people to put their pets up for adoption when there is something they can't deal with or no longer have the time for them. Having two children is incredibly stressful but you do have to ask the ultimate question as to whether or not you can continue to offer your pets the highest level of care they need. If you cannot give that a definite answer then perhaps having them adopted to someone who does have the time will make them have the happier and routine life they require, as much as it might hurt you. I hope you manage to sort this soon!
It high key made me sad to hear that Tim might not want to keep Domo😢😭
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Maybe you can try sending the dogs to doggie day camp or having a walker come by to take the dogs for longer, more active walks? I've been a dog walker for 5 years and I've always noticed that more high strung dogs are able to get redirect anxious energy so you will probably find him less likely to poop in the house🐕🐾
I know that pool! Been years since I have been. The slides scare me and being in a swimsuit is not enjoyable.\n\nAyla so chubby and cute.
We used NUK bottles. They have a more “nipple” look in my opinion and my little one took it. He was extremely picky about boob feeding, but he would take those in a pinch.
Where is the penguin Issiac carries around from ???
MY BOTTLE FEEDING ADVICE \n\nTry:\n\nHolding the bottle with thumb and index finger while having the middle finger resting either on her cheek or chin, which ever feels comfortable to give her a similar feeling of what she feels when being nursed.\n\nHolding bottle at different degrees, nipple of bottle has to reach/touch her comfort spot
Try different type of bottle like como tomo bottles work for us my son is almost two weeks younger than ayla
I LOVE your new stroller but they're so expensive!!!
I wonder if Bubz's kids would have a better grasp at language at an earlier age just because she often speaks to video camera in front of them :D
These always make me smile
Perhaps Domo would benefit from a prescription night-time anxiety pill.   I can tell you this:  if you were to get rid of him over this issue, it will haunt you the rest of your life.
You could get a doggy door installed, that way you can lock them downstairs and they can go outside as they wish. Our dog goes outside on his own to relieve himself
The dogs are not neglected ... Why? Because we don't see it in her vlogs. Behind the camera they are  loved and cared for ,most dogs don't get the privilege to sleep or live inside a warm or cool home. Other dogs with  Domo current situation would probably be thrown outside by their owners. So at the end of the day we all know that Domo won't be given away, because he's Alya and Isaacs big brother >.<! 
I think Domo feels rejected and there's no love anymore if you keep yelling at him and are guys sure cubbie don't poo anywhere as well to and you blaming Domo?
PLease don't give domo away. It breaks my heart !
Couldn't believe tim actually suggested that. Disgusted by his act seriously. To human, dog is always a dog. But did u even realize in dog's eyes, owner is their only family members? Don't get a dog if you can't give them 100% life time commitment. Their  life is very short anyway. Get a solution rather than just simply saying giving it away. Been following bubz for many years until today dis really made me pissed off. Not gonna subscribe anymore. Really disappointed.
I understand the frustration with a pet with a new baby. You feel like you’ve got enough on your plate. My cat is really cute but very very naughty. He used to stand next to the baby’s cot and howl (no idea why he howls like a dog) and I used to go mad and chase him away! I just had no more patience. He’s always been a mischievous monkey and he’s very needy. I’m on holiday at the minute and my mum has had to stay at ours 😂 6 months later though when it calmed down it all returned to normal. Less stress overall. It’s not the pet’s fault of course but I understand with a newborn your head can’t fathom ANYTHING else. Like I couldn’t work out how to unlock my phone lol. I’m sure you’ll sort something though x
My son refused the bottle early on, whether it contained formula or breastmilk. I found a great website called Kellymom, and one of the advices there was to give baby the milk with a spoon, a dropper or a shot glass. The shot glass worked surprisingly well in our case.
You guys have to do a new intro now since you have Ayla
Lovely to hear some Northern Irish vloggers!!
The situation with Domo happened to my parents as well with their cat! Basically the cat went crazy with jealousy when my brother was born because my mom was more focused on my brother over the cat. So he pooped everywhere including the closet. In the end they put him down but I'm not sure if that was because he got crazy jealous or it could be other things wrong with him as well. The other cat my parents raised was fine and he ended up growing up with my brother and I before he passed away at like 19 years old. Hope you find a solution to Domo!
Time for a new introooo
maybe leave Domo and Chubbi in the bathroom or get gates and connect them to the wall with paddings on the floor and leave the dogs in there when you and Tim go to bed.
Shes so cute
Awwww, Ayla looks so much like Granny Bubz.
I mean, I am sure Tim has his favourites but that doesn't mean he should give lesser favourites away. Especially when it comes to pets or children. The dogs were like your first children and we have seen them grow up. So you can understand why a few pet lovers here would consider that a horrible thought. Pets are a responsibility that we choose to adopt in the end, they won't always behave as expected.
this is my first video of yours and you speak Cantonese! Are you from Hong Kong too?
Oh Bubz! Please please I hope you find a good solution for Domo's problem. I really feel bad for the poor creauture. I know that raising 2 kids is no easy task. But Domo needs you. You were Domo's and Chubbi's mommy before Issac and Ayla came. Chubbi has always been more understanding and mature than Domo. He is the baby. Just pet him and let him know that you still love him. He'd be all right. I just want your family to be happy, Lindy. and that includes Chubbi and Domo too. \nLove from a sister
Poor Domo. He probably feels unwanted. Animals do sense our vibes.
feel bad for Domo.
I miss you guys alreadyy :(((
Ayla looks like Granny Bubz xD
Don't give away Domo!!!
AWWW
Ayla looks like Joey Marie Choi lol
I don't think we should be so quick to judge other people's words, especially since we are third party viewers and don't have the full story. I imagine it must be a very exhausting and busy time for their family with two young children, two dogs, and work. Of course it's stressful and frustrating seeing poop every morning on top of everything else. Personally I would never give away a dog, but sometimes you say and feel these things because you're stressed and frustrated. It's easy for outsiders to look in and say poop isn't a big deal just keep trying to find a solution, don't give up! I do believe they should keep trying but I'm sure it's also exhausting. I believe in Lindy and Tim and know they are doing their best for their family. Cut them both some slack...nobody is perfect. I'm sure Tim is having a rough time too, maybe more than we as viewers can understand from a vlog taken in Lindy's perspective.
he sounds like hes rapping when he speaks. just throw a beat over this interview and job done
Clara is an amazing interviewer, Always really knows the projects of the person she interviews, genuinely cares about their answers and doesn't make anything awkward or cross lines by asking things too personal. :) loved this
“Have you got anything written down?” .......you don’t know jay z very well lol
He's really wealthy...yet so humble...if this was let's say one of these new mumble rappers they'd be acting all fresh and cool.
Great interview. Very natural. Good work Clara!
Clara is so damn good at her job
Love the man, fountain of wisdom.
Gotta shout our the pretty and well spoken, chocolate goodness, Clara Amfo. Never seen her before but glad I'm seeing her today.\n\nAs for the interview, being a big fan of Hov, I've never been the biggest fan of Jigga when he has spoken in interviews over the years but I liked the way he sounded here. Very introspective and the logic behind his thoughts were pretty dead on. \n\nGreat interview, all around.
I feel bad I stole a lil episode - Jay Z on Game Of Thrones
*Jay-z is a living legend.*
I just realized I haven't heard him speak before? lol
I'm a fan of Jay Z, and i must admit this interview was great, wasn't just about music but also talks about the other Shawn Carter. Flexible interview well done
I really love Clara, she always listens so intently and is so keen, she obviously does her research and gets personally close to the music beforehand and has relevant, interesting questions. Love seeing these interviews!
🐐
The 🐐 himself!
I think Jay is finally being the artist he’s always wanted to be. He’s clearly stated in his music that he sold out and made pop records on purpose. “I sold 5 mil and ain’t been rhyming like common sense” I know it’s early but this album will be looked at as another classic in his catalog.
Jay-Z bought a lot of project buildings around Brooklyn just to give back to his neighborhood and the rental rates are much lower than the government rates. He doesn't make any money out of it after all costs but it's simply a caring gesture for his community.
We can't afford any mistakes at this point
JAY-Z top 2 DOA and he's not 2 🐐🐐
Shame he didn’t do a cover tho
We won't see another interview with Hov in a long time. Appreciate this one! The greatest of all time Jiggaman Jay HOVA!
Give the man a glass of water he keeps apologizing about his voice...
Jay Z — I have no idea what that show is \nJay Z — I think I've been on that show, yeah, yeah
444
What a legend
These streets school us to spend our money foolish.
Y'all think small I think BIGGIE
Great Interview but Clara you shuda known that Jay doesnt write shit down. He does it all in his head!
Sign says stay away fools cause love rules at the loveeee shack
I always admired Jay, he knows how to make hits and speak wisdom in his music and during the course of an interview.
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Love the hair glad I'm not the only afro lover
I have to make my way to London.
Everyone I am an up-and-coming singer. Everyone please check out all of my singing videos on my channel. Everyone please subscribe to my channel. https://www.facebook.com/Kaylas-Music-262268407307264/?ref=bookmarks
Dude reminds me of myself. Just super laid back.
I love a good interviewer. Makes it interesting. Jay Z is one of the greatest/smartest rappers of all time.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING !! \n\n\n\n\nPUT 4:44 ON SPOTIFY
Who's this black goddess
When things are darkest, light is on it’s way.
historical some agent store rent heart alive respondent dog.
Lol i lost my 444 album CD , now im bootlegging it . I have every right to do it . Especially after what i just heard
shut up and take these beats jigga
If my new video gets 1k views in 24 hours i will be giving away my old i phone 7s (i have upgraded phone so i don't need it)
After ducking and covering non stop  for this subject matter so many time now that all these other major black people said shit now he speaks?
Wonderful interview. I have so much respect and admiration for Jay.
Keep doing what you're doing Jay Z. Many have so much opinion about what you are and what you are doing.  Until you are no longer here only then will the world and us as a people ( black ) overstand your importance. \nPeace my brother
Jay talking about Ye at the end
jay z is like damn near 50 i can say whatever i want!
I meant to give it a quick scan, ended up watching the whole thing. Clara is expert at this.
15:25 Have you got anything written down?\n\nJay : ..... Did it all without a pen... saw that one comin' but had to remind y'all again
Thank You
He says mask off lol
Never seen a ceiling in my whole life Yeah, of course Jay Z's 5 year old daughter wrote/freestyled that. Jay Z is my favourite rapper, but damn this man talks some shit!
Great interview!!!
Pure inspiration.
Jigga jay z
yet another great jigga interview
Goat...😍😍😍
All hail king Hov 🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Still nigga
Marcy's very own🥃
Spits truth
aj hit me at 13608695366
Barrs
everything he touches goes platinum
Great interview
Big up Clara.
He just gets better with age!
Help a brother out. If you have time give this a look/listen. Much appreciated if you do. Just trying to stay productive. Any and all views mean alot to me.https://youtu.be/cigrWvxOOGE
Look like Justin Bieber
He is here to be on the right side yet rapped at a Hillary Clinton campaign, errrr ok Jay, obviously doesn't know much about the Clinton Foundation, background and crimes!\nAnd then basically says its ok to rob people with mansions, so next time anyone sees Jay its ok to rob him, what a moron!
Never thought Jay never an introspective human being. He solidified that in this interview. He just cared about himself, that's how he got to where he got to. That why Nas won that battle, but the idiocy of America let Jay won. Nas has always been the better hip-hop artist, the free styles and human soul survivalist. Jay, always has love from me, but Nas is always King on that battle.
AMAZING interview
Enjoying this interview
Nice speech 💙🎵🎶🎷🎸🎤🇬🇧🇺🇸
Thank You,smart men
Sort your fucking hair out you dumb ass licking bitch.
Hes fucking adorable
This guy has respect for a mass child murderer named Barack Obama. How are we supposed to take these ignorant Coons seriously when their morality is based strictly on convenience. Donald Trump's a scumbag just like every other president. They drop thousands of bombs on  people all over the world murdering all kinds of innocent civilians for wealth and power. Obama government overthrew the democratically elected president of Honduras soon after he was elected. He overthrew Gaddafi in Libya thereby causing the genocide of tens of thousands of black libyans and precipitating a slave trade of black Africans in Libya but Jay-Z respects Obama and does not respect Trump. No doubt Trump will commit his own crimes against humanity but as of yet he's perpetrated nowhere near the evil that Obama, Bush, Clinton, Bush, Reagan Etc. all perpetrated. This just shows how ignorant Jay-Z is along with most people in this world period mass murder is normal and acceptable and you can be a respectable human being even though you a mass murderer. To be so devoid of any awareness of the sheer extent of suffering and anguish and pain that his friend Obama caused all over the world is quite frankly sickening and putrid.
All U pervert guys luv him\nHe sold his soul to d devil and he got twins this was done by the Satanic ritual\nHis a devil\nSatan worshipper facts
If I had a £1 for every time this twat mentioned the word life I'd be a fucking rich lad!!
was waiting on a question about chester tbh
14:47 I'm surprised all of you sheep didn't catch that. Well..actually, I'm not surprised. He's trying to justify a burglary. If I'm being oppressed and you have this big nice mansion with all of this, I'm coming inside there. That's gonna happen, that's just how life is.\n\nI have a better idea Jay Z, let's break in to your home, rob, and beat your ass because as you like to put it..that's just how life is..........smfh.
Can't concentrate when this guy talks.
They say if you love it you should let it out its cage & fuck it if it comes back you know its here to stay👀
I'm guessing Hov was here for the Basquiat exhibition.
Fuck Jay Z- Ether Voice.
HOVA
Great interview
illuminati and the bbc go hand in hand
With all that money and he can't even fix his ugly face?
Ugly disgusting flop satanist
She must use a lot of cream for her dry skin and that hair wow how bad must some1 feel with hair like that
Chipmunk cheek asshole
I just realised I've never actually seen what Clara Amfo looks like. I can now categorically say she looks as annoying as she sounds.
j-z do you have any guilt for selling poison to your people?
Damn that black bitch is ugly as hell !
4:44 is 666 upside down
jay z you're a legend but please stop talking bout politics cuz you know shit
interviewer is fucking shit
Kendall looking gorgeous as always 😍
I thought Axl Jack was the person singing in French but then I searched him up...\nSOOO CUTE!!!
i dont understand the music video but its cool
Miss Jenner was totally spot on for this music video of Fergie's awesome song. I mean, I am opinionated. The fashion, the beats, the generational funk... So mod, right?!
Still feel like this song is not long enough..
It sucks that Kendall Jenner is such a bitch cuz she's fine as hell
Am I the only one who came because of kendall? )'
Way to ruin a decent song, stick one of the most talentless family in the video :/
Kendall is so boring! No personality. SAME face! Really Fergie?
she's the only true beauty of the Kardashians or Jenner
seriously couldn't watch the whole thing it gave me a fucken headache.
I thought I was having a seizure, then I realized it was the music video.
Where's the epilepsy warning at the beginning of the video?
I like this song alot, great job fergs!
I love this because Kendall is in the video😍
Song is actually good
Dead ass what my dreams look like.
Actually I watch this because Fergie, but then Kendal showed up.and doing so good in this video.. even I'm not a fan of hers..but I repeat this video again and again and this song stuck in my head 😆😆😆
I WANT TO LEARN FRENCH RIGHT NOWWWWWWWWW
this video gave me a seizure
Omg this song is totally awesome !!! 😫😫💕 love you fergie💕
I'm so in love with all the songs. FERGIEEEE OOOH BABY YOU GOT ME HOOKED!!! 😍😍😍😙😘😙😘😙😘😙
This video is trash. I now have a headache
Ugh I couldn't watch this video for longer then a minute sorry
I feel like this is kendall’s music video. Haha.\nShe is a singer like Cara. 😁
When they realized Kendall Jenner can't dance
this is so lit, and cool and really me and i think it inspires me to become a better person cause what can i say it takes two to tango.
FUCK! the second I'm excited because my childhood is coming back (fergie)... then reality has to bite me in the ass by having this jenner of today's corruption😒
Um ......... the video is kinda broken
i love the concept of the video, but I don't like kendall's acting skills..
Kendall is natural beauty unlike her sisters putting in so much effort forcefully trying hard. Though I love them all❤
This video gave me a seizure
Fergs where u at? ... I prefer you on the videos
Is this video having a seizure?!
I got high and watched this...now I can't stop 😩
So many adverts/commercials are going to be using this song. It gives me ikea ad typa song (of course still awesome
I love the video
Now whenever I close my eyes I just see the kardashians
nice vid and song but bad editing
I love it! Good job Fergie!
I don't like the video, it's blaggy too much to be arsed to view. Switching off. Seeya miss jenner
And I thought a music video can’t get any more annoying than Katy Perry’s Swish Swish
the video stresses me out D:
The verses sound ... off. The rest of good and I love Kendall ❤️
I didn't like the clothes she looks old and she is very Young
she looks like a robot
Am I the only one who actually loves Kendall???
I'm tire of seen the kardashians everywhere!
Is it weird that in this video I dont see Kendall Jenner as Kendall Jenner?? I feel like I'm watching a random girl in her daily thoughts and routine. I dont know how to explain it.
Kendall is so hot
This song is so much more fun when you know French
I only come because of Kendall Jenner
If this song was by Taylor, Adele, Katy..at this moment it would have already 100 mil views. Such a shame
It's not a bad song by any means but imagining Fergie making beatdrops doesn't seem right and it just seems lazy to have repeated lyrics... But other than that i'd say this fits just fine on Double Dutchess ;)
kendal is so pretty but really? only her in this video ? fergie is so Hot she could be in this video
I LOVE THIS SONG I LOVE THIS VÍDEO 💛💙💚
Fucking stupid video hurting my eyes
Heap o shite
im SO dizzy~~~~~.. i feel like barfing.
that would involve effort
Kendall ❤
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏💞💕💖💞💕
Love it
Anything with Kendall Kar trash Ian sucks
Kendall 😍😍😍😍
GLITCH IS ANNOYING WTF
DA FUCK >>
Aw hell naw, big mistake watching this DUMB ass video 🙄
My brain hurts now lol
I hate this.
This makes me sick.
Take the Pepsi
😍😍😍
Fuckin' boomerangs.
MY GIRL KENDALL IS GLOWING
this is so am ama amam aamzzing zing zing ing
Vous sounds like VOO :'(  très sounds like the RAI from afraid ... omg can't do this :'(
i can't take the video seriously with kendall face on it
Am I the only one who thoughts about New Rules by Dua Lipa when Kendall was laying on the bed ?
i could of made a better music video on a iphone 4.
This video gave me a headache 🤕
this is like one really long ikea ad
this video gave me anxiety
coming here just for kendall
can't support anything featuring a kardashian or jenner. 😝
🔴🔴🔴🔴HARMFUL VIDEO FOR PEOPLE WITH EPILEPSY OR PHOTOSENSITIVITY🔴🔴🔴🔴\n\n\nI really like the song but this vid is dangerous  😠very irresponsible, maybe they wanted to create controversy with the harmful effects but seriously, u ended almost throwing up after watching it
When your ping is too high.
I'm loving this style of bubbly music
It sounds like Man on The Moon of Britney Spears
Amazing song is really magic the letter and the video is fenomenal Kendall Jenner gorgeous
First few seconds in ow my head that editing really gave me a headache!
Fuck off fergie you bed wetter
This is genius❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
CRAP SONG & CRAP VIDEO 🙈🙉💩
I looooove the song💕, but I hate the video... 7n7💔
Love the song & Kendal !!
This music video gives me a headache
Am I the only person who truly likes this music video? :D
Here for kendall
As someone who is a native french speaker, i found the French part very funny and cute  😂😂
not much, I'd sell my for some ice cram right about now... maybe a sandwich
I would assume that memorizing the names of half a million people people becomes _slightly_ easier when their souls are *literally* laid bare to you, every day, decade after decade.
Hey everyone Guess what? I think al is actually ness
and try to calculate father's energy after absorbing 50 million people of Amestris
......... What the Hell is wrong with my audio?
that is not how you say hiroshima
Following the law of equivalent exchange, to become a subscriber, you must lose your face, so says that diagram matpat did
You should do an analysis about Quirks!!! :)
Liked for the Kim Jun joke. Very nice!
 The 2009 reboot of Fullmetal Alchemist that more closely follows the story of the original *comics* \n\n *comics* \n\n*TRIGGEREDDDDD*
According to the anime, One soul is also equivalent to 1.1 children bodies
you used tge full count of souls for energy in father,  but you saud earlier that  he gave half among the homunculi.   hoenheim may  still have it all, but father has half of your final  value
... this video is a joke right cause I just can't take it seriously
Can you make a vidio on dragon ball z
My soul is a bucket filled with bleach.
So THATS why the devil wants em... to power his pornhub servers ;)
Matpatt you should do a theory about buffy the vampire slayer to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the showsimilarly id like a straight up gravity falls theory(not related to rick and morty)\nId also very much like a theory about Avatar the last airbender, Steven Universe, Supernatural, The defenders, stranger things, star wars, and maybe the incredibles(to prepare for next years sequel)
Wait can you give the price ya the average price of uranium to illustrate the real world cost of a human soul based on the anime’s findings?
pls do Fairy Tail (best anime ever!) I want to know the science behind Face!
There's a whole lot of guessing in this
do a theory on what a devil fruit is #mattpatt
Do a film theory about the flash tv series for season 4 coming out soon
Can you do a theory if oscar the grouch fro Sesame Street was related to the Grinch
Did no one else catch it? That it was 539k souls that were split evenly between the two of them, so all the math should have been cut in half as well.
hey can you do seven deadly sins do anything don't care
you should do one on the Rugrats! if they could actually survive in the woods!
I dont understand this every time i check his channel He is doing a manga show i have just started or finished and its the day i do creepy
MatPat. Can you do a film/anime theory on Fairy Tail?
Your math is horribly off in this episode because you have made some aggravating assumptions. You seem to believe that the seven virtues would be represented equally with a large enough sample size but that just isn't the case. This is a civilization, their values are taught and retained differently. Consider Faith for example, if you were to take an equal amount of people from a holy city and one where religion is not a required teaching you might find the lack of faith disturbing.\n\nEven sticking with the assumption that Lust's stone had received an equal amount of souls, you are also assuming that their battery is fully charged. That obviously can't be the case with how she impales people that aggravate her, and it's doubtful that was the first time she was in danger or needed healing. \n\nFather has been shown to recreate the homunculi as well, but it is not stated if there's an equal return when he reforms them or if they get more power through their own means while out there. The amount of energy in each homunculi could be more or less than their predecessors.
My daughter is almost done waching One Piece she is in the 800 she need to watch 5 more episode.
Who wants to use other peoples souls for bombs
I wonder what the opposite of the Philosophers Stone is. Would it be able to counter the power in a Stone (with equivalent power, otherwise it'd burn out before it could do it's job)
MatPat, no matter what people say about your channel like your dying, your audience, and your content, they have nothing on you. Keep up your great work MatPat!
A classic MatPat Theory, thoroughly enjoyed this one!
You should make a theory on the chance of you surviving a killer
missing variable. you calculated starting number of souls, but how many has she used up before the final fight with mustang? ho much energy is expended by a humuculi on a day to day basis? ho much hen they use their powers?
You know what I miss... I miss the polls at the end of the vidoes.
I think that every time a homunculus dies in the show, a human life is expended to bring them back. The reason I say this is because when Ed used the philosopher stone in Envy to escape Gluttony's endless stomach realm, one human disappeared from Envy's body. After ally, Envy's true form is basically all the lives in his philosopher stone taking form around his body (or something like that). But perhaps it takes more than one soul to regenerate their entire body. My point is that maybe your calculations are a bit off since we don't know how many times Lust died in the past after being created. So we can't just assume that her philosopher stone is fully charged at the time when Lust was killed by Mustang. But still a really interesting theory nonetheless
I DARE you to do a theory on Bobobo-bo-bobo-bo
So what you're telling me is that a little eyeball thing killed more people in one night than Light did in 6 years?
K-Dawg: My soul? Well I can never lose my soul because of the Regeneration Crystal. It's funny because In my universe almost EVERYONE has a Regeneration Crystal. They're pretty affordable, Only 10000 Novas to get one installed.
Haha good joke. I actually watched all of what they have for one piece right now, the dubbed, subbed, movies, some of the games AND still watch ur stuff....I have no life T.T
Hey Matthew I got a question is Greg Heffley from Diary of a wimpy kid turning into a sociopath?
You were using the amount of souls used each time the girl got burned but what about all the souls she used in previous situations....what if she only had a fraction of those souls left.
So why do mortals have to eat in order to obtain energy if one soul contains that much energy?
you forgot about when mustang ripped the philosopher's stone from lust's chest and she disintegrated
do a Steven universe theory
I'm a ginger.  I'm already in debt.
Hi I like...\n\n\n\n*Read more*
The 7 deadly sins don't appear anywhere in christianity
STILL WAITING FOR THE SECOND PART OF THAT POPPY THEORY
When MatPat says Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood follows the COMIC not the MANGA.
so you're telling me the matrix's human batteries makes sense in the FMA universe
I feel alot more energetic now. And my selfvalue rised also.
I love how Matpat fricking changed the intro to full metal alchemist and how he used the souls from soul eater AND MENTIONEDATTACK ON TITAN
So I just chop father in half 63 times and he dies?  Seems like a pretty sketchy way to get immortality.
I'm just waiting for another Rick and Morty theory
are you going to yakima comic con october 21 and 22
MatPat, say it with me; HEE-roh-SHEE-mah. That's how Hiroshima is pronounced.
well wrath isnt immortal and doesn't have any  healing powers soo...
In original literature a humunculi is just a tiny person
Mat, don't read this wrong, I'm not a hater! I love the theory and your channel,  but your calculations don't seem to account for any past deaths/regenerations that Lust may have performed. I haven't watched the show in quite a while, but would it be possible to calculate the extra deaths?
MatPat please look at the problem of SetoSorcerer
I watched all of one piece (what's animated) in 3 weeks...you don't need 100 years lol
There is one major hole in this theory. Lust has been shown to die earlier in the series and there is no accounting for how many times she died in the past before the series started. Also He doesn't state that they are souls, but only the sin of the souls. You actually pointed out the major flaw each soul is different so you have no idea how much energy of each soul is taken into the new philosopher stone. All I am saying is there are too many flaws in this theory. I normally don't post, but it was really bugging me.
MatPat, do not fear doing theories on Anime, Manga or Eastern Style Video Games. If watching Anime, reading manga and playing video games have taught me anything is that the Japanese are F*CKING nuts! But that...is awesome! Even if we were on the strongest hallucinogenic, mind altering drugs concentrated to their 100% purity all put in a bowl and snorted up at all once in one breath, we still wouldn’t come close to they level they are at. Even after all this time and countless (because I’m still watching) series, episodes and chapters; Anime, Manga and Eastern Style Video game still hold the power to shock the crap out of me...which I love I love that they can still do that even after all this time. With that being said...just a few tings. One. Watch One Piece, it is awesome and not as long as the Manga which has reached its 879 chapter. 2. Watch InuYasha. It was on the same channel as Cowboy Bebop and is awesome. 3. Since you showed it and if you haven’t, watch Soul Eater. 4. This makes me twitch all the time but people who just start out watching Anime do this all the time or just become aware of it...you are pronouncing Naruto’s name wrong, just as people say Pokèmon wrong all the time. Since you are new to the Anime game, it’s okay since you’re new but for future reference you say his name like Nare like “are” you going there, ru as is Kanga’s son on Whinny the Poo and toe like your big toe. You say it like this Nareruteo Naruto. Just so you know FYI and I always knew who you were talking about so woo hoo for that. If anyone is going to argue with me about that bring it on, I’ve been watching, reading and playing my drug for years!
YOU Should do, what was the first alien in BEN 10
please do a conspiracy on the movie IT
With all the things I have done in my life?\n\n\n\n\n\n2 rupees.
has supernatural not taught u nothing about how important and resourceful souls r
2:22 you should do a theory on that show
Don't use the word comics when talking about Manga. That's not something you do
*You are Wrong:*\nYou failed to account for the the energy expended through the life of Lust. At the time she encountered Mustang, she was not brand new. There is a significant X factor as to how many times she has recovered from equivalent damage, used her stone powers for other things, and fact at least the first time she constructed her entire body.
A human soul is worth enough that Jesus died to save it, so
What is the opposite to each sin and virtue?
like, half a cent.
dude you didn't calculate the actual worth of a soul to money. based on the title it seemed like that's what the plan was you know? probably isn't that to see how much money that amount of energy is actually worth
am I the only one who thought soul eater at first
One of the best anime top 5 for sure
1:57 Did... Did he just call a manga a COMIC? TRIGGERED!
With tge entire Roy killing Lust talk, MatPat is wrong. Lust didnt enter the fight with peal potential. Envy and Gluttony already talked about Father being able to refuel them. And Lust has been damaged and killed before Roy did it fully. She's lost souls in prior fights. So we dont know how many souls she actually has.
what about the three or more times lust died before the scene where roy killed her once and for all? and you can't really assume that those were the first times she died. hmmm.
My name Jeff
Imagine\n\nUndertale with philosophers stones
MANGA, NOT COMICS (lol)
How are momeys parents?
*Hears comics*\n*Checks Comments*\nOh boy.
AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY MATH AND NERDISM LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
1:54\nInstantly triggered
THAT LAST FMA VID IS STILL HANDS DOWN YOUR BEST ONE OF ALL OF THEM!!Just thought that shld be re-stated. Im in the cm section, here i am! Here i am!
You should do a My Hero Acadamia theory.
*takes a deep breath*\n\nLet's look through the comments...
Matpat I have a show so complicated and twisted that even the likes of you can't use your skill in theory craft to solve it The CW's the Flash is getting its next season premiere on October 17 and with time travel parallel universes and wall phasing to boot I believe this can be a great theory.
I have a theory for you!! How far does Hulk jump when he does his super jump and would it actually kill a human if he landed on one!
Do an IT theory!
Yo more anime theories, i wanna see a theory on any shonen jump
do rick and morty s3 evil morty
Well, at least I'm safe...\nAnd they said being a soulless monster was a bad thing... 😏
Omg lust died because he burned the stone to the point that it broke
What anime should i watch next?
I know I'm all disgusting and lovey dovey but gimme a break HE'S THE CHANDLER TO MY MONICA, PEOPLE! Also I just wanna say - *TRIGGER WARNING* for a section in this video discussing sexual assault, something discussed in my book...as soon as I get asked about what was the hardest thing to write about maybe skip ahead if you don't want to hear about that kind of stuff. Really missed you guys, thanks for dealing with less videos for a while as I worked on the short film and got through the book launch and then went on my holidays! BACK BABY xxx
i could listen to you talk alllll day!
@Iveta J I know what she said and I disagree. Describing someone's nationality is the same as describing someone's looks. I got molested by a bald Moroccan (yes this actually happened). I can't describe him in another way. It is the way it is. His looks in no way reflects on other bald and/or Moroccan men. Just like when some people with my nationality do something bad in another country it doesn't reflect on me. I think it's selfish to ask for a detail not to be told because it makes you feel uncomfortable. I think that would make you a selfish person.
Your man is gorgeous and I hope you two are successful together and happy.  Also, thank you so much for keeping the questions up on the video as you're talking about them, so many youtubers lack to do this, and it's very helpful and a great but simple thing. I cannot wait to buy your book when i can!
I'm so happy for you Melanie! I've been your subscriber for many years and it's as if I've followed your journey. I hope for many more great things to come in your life!
To all my fellow queer people(or not) I need your advise/opinion :P\nSo there's this girl, she's bi and so am I. I though she is pretty interesting so I asked her out.(not like a date more like to get to know her better). Point is I had to ask her 3 times before she could make it. And during our hang-out she would always mentions her queerness, almost asked me directly about my sexuality and she would try to touch my hand and keep on mentioning that I want to seduce her and that the hole thing reminded her of a date. At some part she said that she would totally hit on me. \n\nNow I wanted to approach her as a friend but now things got complicated. And I find her very attractive. The thing is she never texted me after that and when I did she wasnt very eager to continue the conversation.\n\nI am trying to understand whats going on. Did she thought i was hitting on her?\nWas she trying to flirt with me and I accidentally turned her down?\nOr maybe she is just playing with me?\n\nDont know girls can be so complicated....\n\nPls any help would be appreciated...
wow Melanie that was tough to talk about your sexual assault but i really admire you for discussing it x
You totally lit up when you were talking about your bf - I found myself smiling at the screen too! Happy for you :)
I'm so happy that you've found someone who makes you super happy! I'm in a new relationship and he doesn't live abroad but he's currently lives 2 hours away from me since he's studying up in Dundee and I'm still in Glasgow so we don't get to see each other as often as we'd like. But he made the point that in not seeing each other as often it makes us appreciate the time that we do spend together. We try and see it as more a positive thing than a negative!
I have responses to two questions:\nVixey's question - I'm curious as to whether or not she has self-diagnosed or has actually gotten professional help to give her the diagnosis. Or, if she's asking for a friend, the same applies; treatment is always an ongoing relationship between a professional and yourself. If an individual could treat themselves at home for psychiatric illnesses/mental health disorders than we would not need professionals in that area in the health field/it wouldn't be a disorder in the first place. The number 1 criteria for any psychiatric illness is does it interfere with daily life and if the answer is yes than it is quite clear you are unable to deal with it on your own.\n\nLucia's question - Make your own self goals with your body; it's *your* body, *your* goals. *Your* body will NEVER be someone else's body (ie. a celebrity's body, a friend's body, or the ex of your current partner's body) so their bodies should never be the goal nor WILL they ever be obtainable. Set goals for yourself, and take complements in a way that fuels your goal. Any other comments don't matter. Think of it like any other goal - say your goal was to keep your car's gas tank above the empty line, getting comments on how your car looks or what you could do to make it look better has nothing to do with your goal of keeping the tank full, so although they are compliments they have nothing to do with what you want to achieve so you say thank you and move on. You feel better knowing yourself that you have kept your tank above the empty line for a period of time that was longer than the last time you drove on empty - you wouldn't necessarily brag about this feat but it makes you feel good and pushes you to other goals like keeping your gas tank above the 1/4 line.
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Melanie why don't u do some asmr videos you'd be brilliant
Really loved this video. Please do a longer video about the food stuff xx
Sooo glad you're back ! I got stuck watching your videos all summer long, they're amaaazing. I'm a med school student so I get very stressed and you have the power to make me fell more relaxed when I watch you so thank you so much ! \nI especially love your Food Diary Fridays, they're really relatable compared to most days of eating videos, I love them. \nAlso I love your accent.\nAlso are you gonna do Vlogmas this year cause that would really make me very very happy!\nAlso I love your videos did I mention that ? \nSorry for all the questions, and thank you again you're an amazing human being Melanie Murphy :)
I dedicate you two the amazing song You Grew On Me by Tim Minchin. You disgustingly cute people.
Your book has FREE. WORLDWIDE. SHIPPING?!!??!?! How are you so amazing?!!
young adult/adult fantasy is my favorite genre and id love to read what you have to share!
I can so relate to the last answer. Damn, everytime my life is going well, I image it getting worse again and I'm fearing that. But then I can't enjoy the happy life right now. So I try to just not worry and accept, that someday, it might change, but that is normal, too. I'm going to get out of this again :3
I'd love a whole video about intuitional eating! Love your chit chat stuff you give great advice and its always really down to earth and honest
That accent gives me life
If you decide to write sexy bisexual romance, let me know. That, after all, is how I make my living and I can shorten the journey for you. :-)
Writte a ya in college or after college time, im tired of high School love histories
Literally screamed when you talk about your new love!!!! 💕💕💕💕💕💕
I'm sorry to say everyone is capable of terrible acts
Melanie you are such an amazing person xxxx
I'm all in for the scifi/fantasy novel!! :D Glad you are happy! :)
I love your accent. I don't know why. But if I can't sleep. I watch your videos.
Oh my gosh im smiling so much after this vid!!! I'm so happy for you mel!
SO pleased for you and your new relationship Mel. You deserve to be happy and you never have to apologise for that. I'm sure he's a fantastic guy! 💚💚💚💚
I would be so fine with some YA fantasy erotic bi sexual action amazingness from melanie
I really found you at the perfect time in my life, a few months ago in the throws of my ED, and self discovery. This was great, love your channel
Pre ordered your book since forever and have to wait until November still to get it in New York 😩
Having a really difficult time at the moment, this video was just what I needed to make me feel happier and more motivated :) x
Please do a while video on intuitive eating!!:)
I desperately need a hair tutorial from you. How do you make it look so fluffy and shiny and gorgeous? <3
Take a shot everytime Mel touches her hair 😂    \n\n Love you lots ❤
Omg your kids are going to be blessed with good genes such a pretty couple!
Mel, you are radiant and lovely as usual. it's so brave of you to talk about being sexually assaulted online, i know how difficult it can be to say anything at all. It was impressively strong on your part to try and find them. I didn't say anything at all for years and it's one of my biggest regrets. I'm sorry nothing came of it. Sending tons of love.
This video was too quiet 😕
Do you like Erik?
Why isn't your book coming out until November in the US?
I'm so jealous of your sleek hair 😔 what products do you use?
Your hair is sooooo cute! Love it!
Please please please do a video on intuitive eating, I'm in the middle of trying to have a healthy relationship with food, so  I would really appreciate the advice :)
I would LOVE if you wrote a fiction book it would be amazing !
I love young adult fantasy!!!! <3 <3
gosh i don't even know you and yet i have this affection for you where i want you to be happy and safe and thriving and i'm glad that you are 💚
I really love your videos. Thank you so much for opening up to us about so many different things. It helps so many people that can relate with your struggles / experiences ❤️ And so so happy for you and your new boyfriend!! He's adorable 😊
yes please! i'd love an intuitive eating video bc I'm getting into it and would appreciate the help a lot. luv ya!
Please write a young adult LGBT fiction  with  your amazing Irish sense of humour included
thank you for the warning about the sexual assault part but I made myself watch and so glad I did. everything you said resonates with me, especially the part about being reminded by little things like the keys for you. thank you for opening up about it, I've never heard someone talk about it like this!!! thank you for never being hush hush about things, it's making the world (or at least the one in your comments section) a more understanding place xx
Thank you so much for this great video and for your honesty!
There will be a day where you can say you're okay and mean it Mel I'm so so glad you can say you're okay and fully mean it now💚 So much happiness for you 💚xxxx
I want you to continue YouTube so I see what happens in 5/10 years 😊💕
im a really casual viewer, but whenever i watch your videos i become so inspired and am reminded of fresh perspectives on life  along with the reminder to take a step back and evaluate the grand paitning of your life. i fucking love you and the content you create.
Please don’t ask us what we’d like to read from you ... write what you want to write. When you want to write new adult fantasy ... write it even if we don’t wish for it multiple times. There will be people who’ll read your word and who’ll love it 💕 you’ll be your best when you’ll do what you really want to do and not when you’ll do what people want to see from you. Love only! ❤️
Omg I’m so happy you’ve found someone that makes you so happy 😊💚
They caught my rapist, and they told me because I showered I had no proof and that the court would be traumatic for me so don't press charges. I was just 15 and he walked free.
A book that might help a bit with your fear. Many Lives, Many Masters by Dr. Brian Weiss\nIt made me look life and death a bit differently. \nLove and other things sparkly.
i've been together with my boyfriend for 4 years and trust me, it's hard but worth it
Your hair is so beautiful 😍
I'm giving the video a thumbs up but not for more makeup (I'm not a makeup user so that stuff isn't mah thang)
That food video you mentioned would benefit me, and others I'm sure, greatly. Lovely video, keep it up!
Your new BF is gorgeous. As are you. Happy Bi awareness day. :)
I was long distance for 8 years before moving in with my boyfriend this year, it will work if you want it to 😘
What's the difference between a pilot and a neurosurgeon?\nThe neurosurgeon doesn't think they're a pilot!\n\n(I dated a commercial pilot back when I was far too young to be dating someone like that haha so the joke comes from a place of experience and love. They tend to be verrrrrry interesting people I'll give ya that! And nothing like that uniform and the feeling of flying in the Boeing 747 you're partner is literally driving haha MMMMM ENJOY THE RIDE MEL)
Girl! Giirrrll! YEESSSS! enjoy all the fabulous feelings. So so happy for you :) xx
I would love to see a fantasy book with bisexual characters! Haven't gotten to read your book yet but is on my to do list, but I love your creativity and would love to see that type of creativity in fiction!
tbh Mel .. i loved your copper hair more than this one .. \nbut any color suits you so well\ni love you
mel please do some beauty videos i use to miss them a lot...like i even forgot missing...i miss your reverse makeup application way like applying lipstick before eye makeup i use to miss them a lot....please mel dont stop making them....:(
I was 29 when I was sexually assaulted. I thought he was going to steal my money but I was so off.
😍😍😍 Happy for you Mel! ❤️
I would 100% love a video about intuitive eating! I'm also really bad at distinguishing 'good' foods from 'bad' ones, so if you could maybe do a little section on that, on how to figure out what's good to fuel your body and what's not (obviously I know fast food and sweets etc aren't great, but there are some more confusing 'grey' areas that I'm having trouble with - sometimes something that seems healthy isn't, that sort of thing), that would be lovely too. :-) I also want to say that you are so brave for opening up, both in this video and your book. You're truly an inspiration.
I was talking to this guy who made me the happiest I had been in so long, but I was trying not to depend upon him too much, long story short he was lying to me the whole time we were talking and I'm so glad I didn't depend on him as I now know how to be happy in myself
I've been thinking about seeking help for a long while... I've got several problems with anxiety, fear of food, depression... but its not that big, you know what I mean? These three are not the only things, there are a lot of things that make me feel bad and weird some days, but then I look around at other people going through stuff and going through therapy and see that they are going through much worse things and then I think I shouldnt go and get help as I feel I don't need it? I really want to change it but I think they would just tell me off and say that I am not ill enough? It happened to a friend once..
Congrats Mel! I'm so happy you're happy, you radiate joy and it's infectious 💚 I'm really glad you're back, looking forward to seeing new videos xx
there's something so cosy about your channel, if i want something to just make me feel nice and warm i go to your videos. there's a lot of content on youtube and a lot of it is super high energy, thoroughly planned stuff and don't get me wrong, i love that, but when i want to feel comforted and content i come to this channel. thanks mel, you lovely lady 💚
During this whole video, I was smiling from ear to ear! You just seem so full of life, and funny and just being yourself. I just loved this video & YOU!!!💚💚💚💚
Thanks for answering my question! I'm also bloody terrified of death and can have mini existential crises if I think about it too much! I've also just gone long distance with my partner which is working out fine for us so far because we're both commitment-phobes anyway. Always love watching your videos x
I had no idea you made a short film 😱 I can't wait to see it :) So happy to see you happy and accomplish so many things ❤
This vid was a roller-coaster of emotions!  So lovely of you to share your life with us.
OMG YEESS, please write fantasy, romance, whatever fiction books!!! 😍
Jaime Lannister 😭
i'm just loving your vids girlll :)
this is sooooo cute ♥️🥀🥀
yey for fiction :D
NICE SHIRT YO
Yes Melanie....we need more beauty videos!
Your a pornstar right?
Happy Bi day!!
This is so exciting! Yeay!
Awwwww adorable, so happy for you 💋❤️
Uhh gimme YA fantasy, you gorgeous women with gorgeous boyfriend!!! <3 <3
FOOD DIARY PLEASE! 🙌♥️
Mel, you singing City of Stars from La La Land was one of my favourite covers of that song ever, it wasn't cringey at all!!!!
This might be a little off topic but what you said about being squishy and the standards of body image, I hate the double standards in beauty/body image that you can freely ridicule skinny bodies and how being skinny isnt the ideal so don't strive for an unhealthy image because it's all in the media and models are very slim.  But speaking as a person that's naturally slim and has always felt too small and unwomanly it's a massive kick that heavler/thicker etc women can freely talk shit about people with slimmer bodies. If I did that to a heavier woman, the world would go mad!  I think that the standards of beauty go both ways, being overweight is as unhealthy as being under and I don't think the world gets that yet!  Love your book and how candid you are in everything on your channel!  I have a question or a topic - Opinion on plastic surgery?  As a person who's had a surgery, I think that plastic surgery isnt' a solution to insecurity!  If you ever wanted to talk about that?   Love your channel! and your boyfriend is so lucky to have an amazing woman like you! xx
You look way better without the fringe
So you chose this chump instead of the true geordie? What an awful decision
I hope ur now bf is my best friend I have rn as my bf in 10 years XD
i'm so afraid of missing my shot at happiness and success because society has instilled this idea of get your life together by 18 or else you've missed the boat but you inspire me!! like it's easy to hear you have your whole life ahead of you but so very hard to actually understand and process that and i'm just. so so glad that you're doing well and thriving.
Amazing arrangement \nAmazing guitar. \nLong live DM!\n<3 from the U.S.A.
depeche mode  ! best Band ever!
From Sweden with love
Beautiful cover...brilliant band. DM forever and ever...they can be heroes but not only for one day..
I was curious,but stopped it around the 45 sec. mark..
..How much did I need to cry, just like fucking right now....?
Just superb! The legend says the Mode's discovered Dave singing this tune...
David Bowie is my idol. And Depeche Mode one of my fav bands. I saw this cover in the stade de France on 3 months ago, it was so intense... Thanks for this incredible moment.
Much better than the LIVE version.
I love DM from Poland ❤️
Как я долго ждал эту версию не концертную....бьюти
Охуенчик старый добрый депешь!
Наверно самое лучшее исполнение песни Боуи!
Theres the starman in the sky aproving this message (the song)
Very nice interpretation of Bowie's masterpiece which he did not like that much and which success did supprise him.\nGood job Dave!
That song is just perfect
And again the cooliest) Just like everytime)
grateful to hear this version so spectacular, the final part bristles the pores of the skin
For anybody to cover a Bowie song and do it justice, really takes some doing. This proves how good they are..... Daves voice as good as ever, but for me Martin Gores guitar is what stands out the most. On the whole.. Simply Outstanding
Hits me so hard this song!! Especially with depeche mode singing it!!!
I wished Gore sang back up earlier.. I like his tasteful take on the classic Fripp riff though.
Gahan definitely puts his heart and voice into this one. Great cover. :)
Beautiful rendition. Very meaningful song for Dave and the band. Hope to see them soon!
I like the Godzilla version of this song. It was sung by The Wallflowers.
The real Heroes My proud Mexicans.!!! Go just one heart!!
That riff!!!
Love DM!!!
God bless
Very Good!
https://g.co/kgs/wNSKXU
Fucking great cover,, it rockz ♥
<3
Класс
wonderfull
Absolutely love it!!!!!!
Awesome love DM
Dave is noticed by Martin (and who else?) while singing Heroes in a bar. I think Dave is like that day on this clip. His hair, his suit etc. Anyone ?
This cover is just so beautiful, I'm in love
Martin l. Gore, I'm in love with you!
Just fabulous!!!!! Thanks from France
Dave Gahan is a legend. Best part start at 3:45
I love all sessiosn DM version ❤Dave G. and Dave B. forever and ever!
If this version is perfect, How would have been this song with the voice of Gahan in 1993 ?
Dedicated to all the Mexicans who have become heroes in rescuing the country, it comes as ring finger to this song, if depeche mode gets to interpret in the forum sol, wow that symbolic moment would be in 2018
Best ever cover of Mr Bowie, so proud of you Depeche Mode guys
i love DM. So magical...so eternal... their style is so smart
ouff, I'm flabbergasted tonight, DM doing THAT song with such emotion, just a big  WOW... it's perfect.
Amazing. Please DM, come to Rock in Rio Brazil/2019!!!
No mamen, ¿en qué momento Miguel Bosé se volvió vocalista de Depeche? Se oye igualito.
Que Lindo Cover del Gran Bowie muy Buena y la Bella Voz de David Depeche como siempre Good Brothers 🖐✌✌
Grande DM , desde Chile esperando su visita
ну хоть 1 нормальная песня за долгие годы спада
Para todos aquellos que ayudaron a rescatar a las víctimas y para los que siguen ayudando🇲🇽
Це неймовірно ! Мурашки по  шкірі :)!!!!
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Los esperamos en 2018 Lima-PERÚ
Amazing
Thanks DM! Dream!
Welcome back..... Depeche Mode 😎
Gahan has morphed into a pub singer
<3!
lovely version!
chulo,un buen homenaje...gran cover. Gracias!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J06yQb4lbPk
Genios ¡
No breaktrough LAME
Браво, Дэвиды!
Nice Video
Right on !!!
Absolutely loved it! 😍
Amazing
Great !
Woah !!
Spettacolare
BRAVO !
DM é TOP from Brazil 💜
ENORME <3
Heroes for ever:)
Speechless 👏🏻👩🏻‍🎤⚡️💜
Portland Oregon loves Dm
Sublime.
Good song
Depeche Mode Forever! God Bless You!
Increíble:):).
Beautiful cover....Depeche mode!
Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Que buen arreglo musical, con ese estilo único de Depeche Mode con esa voz brillante y maravillosa, best fucken cover ever...\m/
Muy buena versión, pero nadie superara a el legendario David Bowie.
Mensaje para los Dislikes: Este cover esta realizado desde el cariño que promulgan los Depeche Mode a uno de sus ídolos. En ningún momento intentan ser mejores que nadie. Cada interprete es único. DM solo muestran sus respectos a Bowie, como persona que les inspiró a ser lo que son hoy en día. Gracias Sr. Bowie
gracias x el cover dm lo maximo
Ho i brividi... Stupenda interpretazione. Solo dai grandi professionisti provengono tali performance! Grandi DM
me hace sentir tanta fe, en mi en la humanidad en la naturaleza en el amor, esta canción, gracias Depeche Mode. México Loves DM.
C'è poco da fa, i depeche sono i migliori!!
Meh, not really into this. It's a bit on the bland side.
I've been a fan for 3 decades.. 30 something years!!! But there comes a point in everyone's career when it's just your time to hang it up and retire... boys, you've done gone reached that point
..cia man taip atrodo, ar depesai bando kopijuot .. Prūsaiti..))))..
When you start to make covers of others is because there are no ideas to create new things...
Joshua Trees!
amateurish and numb !! - Don´t mess with Bowie :-(
People need to stop covering Heroes, nobody is cool enough.\nThis is garbage.
Do a draw my life
Great video! Love the sounds from the matchbox and the thunder outside. Keep it up!
This reminds me if when I got stuck under a indoor jungle gym at a birthday party. It was built on top of a wooden stage with very narrow tunnels underneath. I got wedged between the wall and a support pillar for 6 hours in pitch black darkness. I would've been there all night if the janitor didn't hear me sobbing. That was 11 years ago and I still have nightmares about it. Not being able to move is one if the most terrifying things to experience, let alone with a dark shadowy figure approaching you.
I'm a light sleeper, the slightest noise wakes me up fully.
WOW! this comment thread is cancer possibly more cancer than this video
Damn\nYou are just horrible at asmr
😩 that's so scary
Dude she's so beautiful :o I'm speechless <3
I've gotten sleep paralysis before, I was more confused than anything
Do one of these on Halloween
This happened to me for the first (and only time so far) earlier this year. A couple hours after I went to sleep I woke up to an all-black figure of a man in a hat standing right next to my bed. I thought it was so real.... It appeared to grab my throat so I tried to yell for help from my roommates but nothing came out! I seriously thought I was dying from someone breaking into my room and strangling me. I couldn't move at all... it was so weird! Eventually (it was probably only thirty second but felt like at least five minutes) I snapped out of it like nothing ever happened. But yeah this is really freaky. I read that stress has a lot to do with it, as well as sleep deprivation. Makes sense because my experience was during finals week last semester haha.
I would've gone to sleep with my mommy😂😂 lol
I like how when you try to get to the point, your head just puts more details in the story lol
Sleep paralysis is so scary.. I've had it happen twice to me. Once I remember my room being covered in spider webs and there were a bunch of giant spiders moving around.. literally my worst nightmare. I couldn't move and I felt so claustrophobic this felt as if it were right above me. The other one had a bunch of fuzzy figures like the one you were talking about! I'm glad that I'm not the only person who experiences this. :(
But why she tap on everything..?
Who else moved there body while she was talking about wiggling
Has anyone else seen ASMR kiwi uploads in the last week? All of ASMR Darlings videos. Its pretty messed up uploading someone else's videos... stolen videos! 😲
Can you do more sleep videos?
I have sleep paralysis. Its been like 4-5 months since my last experience with that. I dont see a shadow figure tho its just my brain is awake but my body isnt . To get out of it i ( i dont know if this is the right word) crinkle my toes then i slowly can start moving my whole body... but the thing is right when i do that a couple seconds later i fall back asleep and repeat.
Can me and you hangout that way I'll have better story to tell ❤️
I used to get sleep paralysis a lot when I was little. Don't get it anymore luckily.
Right when you got 1mil subscribers you got so fuckin hot
Hey asmr darling I don't comment on your videos a lot but I have been here since 200k and just wanted to say thanks for everything you do and your helped me be able to sleep stress free so thank you for everything and keep being awesome
ok I'm about to go to bed when a horror movie trailer comes on as an ad. lovely. just lovely.
Your story is very interesting, I like it and your voice is awesome too.
Am I the only one who keeps laughing whenever she says  big toe 🤣
I love this! You should do more story time asmr vids!
I have them all the time. I learned how to wake up from them tho
I love the mood & lighting of this video! So relaxing!! You should do more like this
Hey here's a dare, watch an earape video such as dank memes on asmr volume
I sleep with the T. V on because I like to think it protects me from the evil spirits.
Was anyone else terrified that she was gonna light her finger on fire when she was scratching the match box or am I just dumb....?
BITCH THEN WHY DONT YOU SLEEP WITH YOUR PARENTS...... BOIIIIIIIII
I've experienced sleep paralysis,and i found out 2 steps to get rid of it:\n1. You have to say to yourself  it's only just a dream  - to get rid of the imaginary things and to have no fear. \n2. You have to move one of your smallest muscles to get rid of the paralysis. ( i recommend you to move your little finger ).\n\nIt may sound wierd, but if you do this, you could get rid of it easily. \nHave a good night!!
Did u wake up at 3AM cause that's y u see that
I've had that 3 times when I was 11!!! But the black cloudy figures never happened to me
Who's that girl? In your last post lol
That my friends, is a demon.
Just because it's ASMR doesn't mean you have to talk in slow motion you dumb bitch
A succubus! !!! A demon sitting on your chest
Sleep paralysis: the ancient enemy of asmr everywhere, the antiasmr
She’s almost too fit
The shadows from your hands moving around when you were talking scared me so much at first lmao
2 a.m *can't sleep anymore* well done...well done
Ever going to do ear eating?
This is going to be extremely embarrassing but in 7th grade I used to have a ton of nightmares about the game five nights at Freddy’s every time I tried to sleep I couldn’t because my eyes played tricks on me and I thought there was an actually animatronic just waiting to stuff my body inside a suit and I couldn’t sleep alone until 8th grade
learning to lucid dream is so much easier during a paralysis episode. It took me a year to learn to control my dreams but its worth it!
Wow!☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺. love your scary story,Taylor and it's so super amazing!!!☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜.
I noticed ASMR increases the frequency of these things (night terror, sleep paralysis)
Taylor, you're so cute and beautiful,  I just have a pleasure when I watching you,but your asmr doesn't work for me, I don't know why, but it's not important
This happens mostly on weekends
You know how the beast was a guy before he went all Chewbacca??
I induced sleep paralysis on myself. I trained to lucid dream. Meditation can help with people struggling with this. Its your own personal demons. You have to realize they are your angels. They are truth and will help you see reason if you ask. The nightmares you see are yourself and if you realize that, you can gain ultimate control, And turn your inner hells into paradise.\n\nI found a balance, to love myself, to find reason through the fog. To calm myself when I was too excited and to catch myself when I drifted. Its difficult to get it right. People with sleep paralysis problems will need to master lucid dreaming. Pills wont help. Its something that must be done by oneself. You are your own exorcist. Christ can give you a powerful foundation, certainly, however you have to face it by your own will.\n\nThe trick is realizing whats happening and directing your thoughts, not trying to force your body. It can be scary for people. Just remember you think of doing, dont just try to do. You are not vulnerable, you just need to remember how to walk and will your mind subject to lucidity.
Right after I watched this video for the first time I got sleep paralysis and at first I was freaking out but then I remembered your video and I thought about that so I just closed my eyes and I tried to sleep but I couldn't. So before I finish this story I'm gonna tell you something else. So when my grandpa died I was really young and I don't remember him much but while I was staying at my grandma's I remember dreaming that he came to visit me and told me everything was gonna be alright. This might have just been my vivid imagination but while I experienced sleep paralysis and I saw the black figure I swear he had some fetures of my grandpa. But idk
Here in Mexico , people say that when you just weaked up but you can't move , it means that a dead person it's on you , sometimes people scared and try to scream  but they cant , it means that the gohst it's puting his hand to shut up you , people say that if this happend lots of times , you have to put a candel  down of your bed , every night so it goes
I don't know how many times I have experienced this it happens to me whenever I watch a scary movie \nJust hide under the bed covers
I'm so happy you posted this. When I was 5 years old, i woke up one night after a vivid nightmare about ghosts. I saw a black ghost like figure in my bathroom (I had a bathroom in my room) I was so scared and I tried to scream, but nothing came out. I screamed and screamed ' mummy mummy help me!' I was screaming as hard as I could. I tried to move and hide under my covers, but I realised I couldn't move, I started crying and still trying to scream, then the next thing I knew I woke up again. I tried moving and it worked, I tried speaking and I made a noise. I was happy, but still traumatised. I went and slept in my parents bed because I was scared it would happen again. I went to sleep, and I woke up again. There was a black figure in the corner of the room again. I tried to tell my parents about the figure, but I couldn't move or speak. It was a scary experience, and I have remembered it vividly for all this time. Now someone has experienced the same thing, I feel better. 🙂
Hope she does this at Halloween
Hey Taylor!  Could you PLEASE make a react video to the video asmr tanzverbot by tanzverbot?  He is a german youtuber and tried to do asmr.  Its soo funny 😂😂
I have a super scary thing called night terrors look them up
I just spent 2 hours watching Baby Driver trying desperately to think of where I saw the main actress before. I had to google it as soon as I finished the movie. Tell me you don't look exactly like Lily James.
you look like A Friend
- When I Have Sleep Paralysis , I Just Keep My Eyes Closed , Wiggle My Toes & BREATHE Really Hard To Wake Myself Up . Does That Work For Anybody Else ? 🤷🏽‍♀️
At least in sleep paralysis you can know it's just fake
How does this help you go to sleep if anything this makes me not want to go to sleep
I went through this years ago
I always ❤️ your videos for sleep and relaxation. 😍 never stop making these amazing videos.
I've had sleep paralysis ever since I was young,and the worst part is it happens randomly and meditations don't work.The first time I had sleep paralysis I think I was 11 or 12 but what happened was I saw my family (don't read ahead if you don't like gore!)\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI saw my family mutilated and my two dogs eating away at them as their lifeless eyes stared at me,and weird shadow creatures behind them tearing at their skull,and keep in mind I was only 11 or 12!!! That messed me up!!!
Could I get 17 likes for no reason
She went from pretty to a Aphrodite. .holy
Hey! 10/10👩🏼‍🎓✍️✍️🦆
LØØsechange
Hermosa❤❤❤❤
Me a encantado 💕
You got rape
I have sleep paralyisi
Yes please more stories
IM NEVER SLEEPING AGAIN
*inhales*\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHey …V SAUCE HERE
Marry me....
is like idoser
3 harf ASFSFSKGN:;OWLF
Aliens, thats what happened.
OMG ASMR IS ON THE TRENDING SIDE!!! 😱😱😱😱😌😌😌😌
Your nose is so perfect goddamn😂😂😂
Same
YAAAAAS SLAY GURL!!
That Thunder fits so perfectly haha.
Can you stop screaming bitch
imagine if she screams in the middle of the video
This always used to happen to me my sister and mum for a couple of years. We had the house blessed by priests and it has never happened again thank god.it's the worst feeling ever
There are several great documentaries out there about sleep paralysis, more often called lucid dreaming.  In most cases, the appearance of a grey or black figure in a doorway or moving toward the bed is common and is referred to as the other.
It happend to me twice, but i never opned my eyes, because i couldn't opened it
Its asmr -tana mon- darling
I love you
your whispering and tapping was so comforting
Sounds like an incubus
she literally got more subscribers than Maria 😳
Can someone tell me what sleep paralysis is
We both have something in common then ASMR Darling
omg this is the MOST beautiful collection I've ever seen!!! Hope Zoella Lifestyle will be available in Portugal soon so I can get my hands on aaaaallll of it!! Haha so so proud of you Zoe, so happy to follow you through this whole journey and to see you grow and succeed, well deserved! 💛
Desk calendar 😍
OMG OMG OMG 😍😍😍😄
Ahhh I love you so much Zoe you are my biggest inspiration 💗💗💗 I'm so proud of how far you've come and watching you grow over the years ✨ I love you 💕☁️✨🌸xoxo
All that 'had my nails done' tapping 😆
I work at Boots, and for the last 4 evenings we have been building the Christmas shop, LOVED looking at all of your products whilst putting everything out! Definitely buying the mug 😍xxx
It's not Christmas without Zoe! 💞
my student loan is not going to last very long at this rate
I'm getting that tiny month callender for my desk at work asap!!!
I actually always buy blank notebooks without lines even for writing - my writing is pretty small and most of the lined notebooks have lines too wide for me :D
I love Notebooks without lines cause I can write things and draw illustrations at the same time
I definitely love notebooks without lines. Literally cannot handle lined notebooks 😂😂😂
can we just skip to Christmas I cant wait for 24 days of zoella on your vlog channel & the cold weather, cozy nights in ♥ I cant wait!
OMG! I LOVE your nails! 💖
Omg my birthday is on the 12th of December 😃 your advent calendar is made until my bday 😍❤️🤗
Omg this is the earliest i have ever been! Please do an updated everyday makeup routine Zoe xx
I feel like zoes channel is all money orientated now
Zoë, your sneeze is so cute!?! 😍
Will these be available for countries like my own New Zealand to buy from?
I love note books with no lines. I’m a marketer and designer so they are perfect for me as there are no restrictions in the notebook! I can sketch and I can take notes!! I do use lined note books though, along with dotted ones!
Love!!! PLEASE DO A ZOELLA BEAUTY VID ON ALL XMAS STUFF!! 😁😁😁
I just want the hat, I mean taking a cup of tea with me for a walk in the woods would be nice too but the hat... *that hat* <3
Zoe you have put a lovely new spin on the traditional christmas colours! I love all of your ranges. can't wait to see what you come up with next!
I love you Zoe and I'm going to joes book signing tomorrow I can't wait 😊 🤣🤣🤣😘😜
Getting all of it
wooooooo your background is bEAUTIFUL and i'm sO EXCITED FOR THESEEEEE
Please tell me it will be available in Kuwait. 😭😭😭❤
Hi there beautiful Zoe, just wondering if the advent calendar will be available in Australia? Love you lots x
I've never been this early . Love you Zoe
How long are the products out for
Y is this Australian time
Early squad, where you at? 🙋🙋
I'm so excited 😆 for the new products
This is so exciting I love you Zoë!!
wow this is the earliest i've ever been
I absolutely adoree the pom pom hat and the cup one !! ❤️
Does not she look amazing?
So excited, the JOT note book is my fave, loving the print so much
When and where can we get this in germany???
i personally buy notebooks that are dotted so i could draw or write :)
THIS IS EXCITING! I saw in Boots yesterday that they were putting up the Christmas gifting in the shop and your collection looked really exciting and really really good :) x
I've been waiting for this video eeekkk!! 💖 You should do giveaways too 💕
So.Hyped. Where did those string lights come from??
I really want all this stuff. But i live in Sweden how can i put my hands on this things?! 😢❤
I actually love and prefer notebooks with no lines... 🤦🏻‍♀️
What are your nails!!? look amazin
so exited for christmas
Love them all 💕💕💕
Love it love it love it!!!!!
YAASSSS!!! ZOE!!!!! 💖💖💖
Omg I am so exited ❤️
Oh my gosh 😫 someone send me these
I AM SO EXCITED AHHHHH
Is this range going to be in Target Australia?? I really hope so would love those candles and advent calendar 😍
Another amazing video !
I just want everything lol Zoe 😊😀
now i can wait tilll christmas
This video is seriously like ASMR with her nails against the products 😂😂😂😂
You put so much effort and care into making your products and it really pays off, keep going love u lots <3
@MoreZoella. FIRST! snapchat? I think the vid sounds quiet, add some of my songs youtube com/XimerTracks
I love this range so much I may of already bought the weekly goals calendar already :) <3
I live in south Africa, is there anyway to buy the stationary?
Hey Zoe!!! Hey Alfie ily both so much xxxxxxxxxxoooooooooo so exited for this range
❄️🎄 yayay
loveeeee!!! xxxx
Love you Zoe. You inspire me to be creative and have fun. XXO
AHHHHH THIS LOOKS AMAZING <3 So excited to get them and for Christmas!
sooo tan😍😍
This just makes me a hundred times more excited for christmas 😃
Ur nail....
I know what I'm asking for for Christmas xxx😂😃😃😃😃💙💙💙
Love it
Omg her nails 😍 anyone know where they're from??
Oh so excited!!!!!! Love you Zoey!
yass im so hyped
Hello, I am from India so can I know where can I get this products online from. Coz I really want some the products.
i really liked the weekly goals organiser, it is THE most adorable and cool stationery item i've seen!! want!want! or more like NEED!NEED!NEED!!
Early!! Yass love you and Alfie! Your the best. Hope to meet you both one day.
Will this range be available in Australia?
I KNEW THAT IT WAS CHRISTMAS TIME
Just asked my mum for nearly all of this for Christmas 😂
The earliest I've ever been. I love you xxxx
I want them all ❤️❤️❤️ oh and Japanese people buy a non-line book.. and i love them.
This range looks beautiful Zoë! Congratulations on all your hard work 😘
❤️❤️❤️
Can't wait for Christmas
all of this looks incredible. Time to shop!
your nails ARE AMAZING!!!!!
SOOOOOOOOO EXCITED
Wow never been this early! Anw loves all of these ranges😻 all the best for u! Btw can u do makeup looks for dinner??
I was literally reading your book rn. When I got the notification. Ly Zoe🌻💛💛💛
I actually can't wait for Christmas!
I can't wait 🙌🏻💕 I love you loads
Yay!! And it's not even Sunday!
So so excited!! Love you so much and I love all your videos got your notifications on! I really want to meet you! I can't wait to get these products😻 also can I get a shoutout as it's my birthday on Sunday and il be 19! ❤️
I love you so much and I’m so proud of you I went to winter wonderland as I won tickets it was incredible thank you 💓
Darn, I really wanted to purchase some of these products but I can't because I live in California. AND EVERYTHING IS SO CUUUUTTE!! :(
Early
I love u so much Zoe 💕
I love the bobble hat and travel mug, but I don't live in the UK so I can't get hold of it :(
Watch Vsauce 3 Video here – Do it now!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d9i_0Ty7Cg  : )
The supposition for this entire line of argument is essentially incorrect ... it is not possible to simulate consciousness. Consciousness IS the ultimate, undeniable reality of the self, the awareness of being.  A simulated self is not self at all. It could never be self, by definition. For that reason, conjecture about simulated consciousness is a basic misunderstanding of the identity of consciousness and being.
If someone is simulating us they are nice trying not to distroy us with astroids and other stuff.
O K A Y  I  U N D E R S T A N D
the guy who controls me love pornhub
Presuming to know why a post-human being technologically advanced enough to be considered a god would be pretty arrogant, but hear me out. Once you reach the point where you are advanced enough to run simulations that are capable of mimicking the universe the simulation was created in, it becomes absolute foolishness to NOT simulate as many universes as you possibly can. You have at your fingertips the power to simulate so many universes, so many different iterations of the same universe where different people learn different things and come up with different solutions to different problems, different innovations and ideas, that once you reach that point you can essentially make your own universe into a perfect one. I like to think that if we are living in a simulated universe, we are part of an amalgam of billions of other universes that essentially make up a perfect problem-solving machine. The answer to everything in the original universe.
please don't make that guy appear in the videos again
I was expecting more from this video judging by its thought provoking title.
yuri on ice killing stalking AU is real!!?!?!?!?!
Doesn't this kind of suggest that a God of sorts might exist? Any sentient creature that creates a universe is obviously going to make its inhabitants less intelligent than himself, because obviously creating a superintelligent ai is a bad idea. This universes inhabitants wouldn't know how inferior they are, as they cannot experience actual reality. If we were in a simulation, I can image that actual reality would be absolutely nothing like the reality we experience. For example, what if you were to put Pacman in the real world? Hed think he's tripping balls. The Bible says that heaven is nothing like we can imagine. Holy fucking shit I need to go to bed I'm scaring myself....
Booooo you shoulda named the earth simulation Earth C-137 D:
Me:It's 9:38 I don't need to be questioning life and space right now \n*Clicks video*
I love the reference to Hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy at 3:30!
Seriously, any other crossover approach (shared voiceover, maybe?) would’ve enabled this particular video to be among your best. Introducing a person among your stellar animations was jarring, distracting, and apparently invited awkward, bad jokes into your script. Please, I LOVE your work, and I’m not generally averse to change, but don’t do that.
Did anyone see the computer from hitchhikers guide to the galaxy?
This concept is very much like the movie synecdoche new york.
Please don't jump on the crossover wagon... That guy was specially annoying! I couldn't finish  the video...
I always wonder when I look in the mirror if the mirror is in another dimension of another me and I'm looking at it and it's reading my mind and doing exactly what I do. Because it knows what I'm going  to do
Get out Jake, you have your own channel.
We are just like a computer program, being controlled by the God(or can say alien).\n\n-according to our hinduism
I don't care, it won't matter in the end, time to spend my day off playing games and sleeping.\nand if was a simulation, just glitch me out so I can continue sleeping and playing games.     <:T
This all does go back to the thought process in philosophy of your perception is your reality so whatever you experience whether simulated or not is your reality thus the entire discussion is actually kind of meaningless because what you perceive is to you what exists so yeah...
All of this can be countered by Occam's Razor; When presented with two arguements, the one which requires the least speculation is accepted.\nThere's no use debating something that cannot be conclusively proven or disproven.\nGreat video though.
I liked the nod to the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy's Deep Thaught Computer.
You are in a simulation inside of a simulation INSIDE of a simulation....
Does anyone have cheat codes for this game?
oh boy shits about to get deep
7:35 There is no proof of this, but... It's a nine minute video....
Did anyone else recognize the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy reference? XD
i'l take the blue pill please
Actually they only need to simulate one human ( me ) Because how do I actually know anyone else is real ?
I wasn't sitting on a chair... I was on the toilet😂
this shit fucks me up. ive been having way more existential crises lately. perfect timing
And to make the assertion that Spirit has SOME part of it, being the answer sought, already attested by many older civilizations, that everything is a simulation of a higher realm, where everything exists in a pre-existential and post-existential state, simultaneously, with you as the agent moving through it, is just silly, RIGHT?!
What the hell? Why am I watching this, I'm a Christian, I don't believe in science..
I Question Life Sometimes
If I'm a simulation, the guy playing me sucks at this game
Watch this while you’re high
can we simulate love?\ndon't think so...
I feel like, the fact that we came up with this idea of being inside a simulation would debunk this idea no? I mean if i made a simulation of something i wouldn't want it to know it isn't real. If this was in fact a stimulation, wouldn't the being controlling the program delete who ever came up with the proposition or prevent this video from surfacing? Just a thought...
Wow I've never seen it spelled matrioshka.  Really misses the pronunciation entirely and even adds a syllable.  Matryoshka has three syllables: mah - tryo - shka.  In case anyone is wondering, matryoshki are Russian nesting dolls, which is why the matrioshka brain is shown with all those separate, nesting parts. Alright, done complaining about pointless things.
I'd say the best argument against this is that a a civilization or entity intelligent enough to simulate our reality would not create such a cruel one. Whatever this is, I really doubt it was on purpose. This opinion is coming from one of the most privileged examples of a human to have existed so far. Even if our feelings and experiences are but a crumb of what our creators are capable of feeling, why would they bother? We may study ants but we did not create them for our own pleasure. If you are so desperate to cling to the idea of man being created, you have to ask where the creators came from? Origin is like an onion with infinite layers to peel off. You are left with the same question no matter how far you go, eventually something came from nothing and makes no sense. Even if consciousness is a recursion unto itself, even if everything is happening all at once and time is just another axis if you view it from a higher dimension, even if you are a confused god who shattered its mind to escape solitude that now unwittingly lives in its own creation, it can't ever completely make sense, I believe. I'm not saying you should stop searching for answers, it is good for us to be more aware of our circumstances; I'm saying don't ever stop searching because there is no light at the end of the tunnel and that means we can always keep going further beyond whatever answers we think we've found.
Astral engines in reverse\nare falling through the universe
@8:00 Did I just hear three distinct clicks?
Not to sound completely rude, even though I know it will anyway, I didn't really like having a guest. I don't attribute my dislike to it being Vsauce, but just to the fact it was a guest - perhaps you have had other guests and I'm either not remembering or haven't seen those videos, but regardless, it felt rather out of place. Besides that I thoroughly enjoyed the video and am thankful you made it.\nCheers Kurzgesagt
I don't like that human on the video. Stop putting humans on videos.
This made me want to shoot my brain
Why would I be simulated to watch this video? Seems like a lot of bs to me
Great concept and animation as always! Could have done without the vsauce guy, the styles don't mesh well.
both videos are part one and part two
At some point my favorite channels always end doing a collaboration with Jake. Which is awesome because Jake is awesome.
this simulation wont end until you fully realize it's just a simulation.
We don't know in which fraction of your dream this message would appear------you had fallen in coma for years, please wake up!!!we have been trying to wake you all the time!
Why on earth would some advanced civilization or entity want to produce a simulation of me and my boring life?
I'm going to go ahead and run with the Conan the Barbarian Option: If life is an illusion, than I am part of the illusion and thus it is real to me. I live, I love, I slay, and I am content.
Beings on a technology level so advanced, that we could barely distinguish them from god's. - that statement so reminded me of the game/story I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream. Anyone else?
I think we maybe was created by a advanced being and were giving knowledge of ourselves knowingly witch we call conscious and unknowingly witch is our DNA our purpose is to live our lives and do the best to survive and that's the fear of death and the chance that we can do everything limited to the laws of this universe witch we call it freewill, what I do not believe is that this being didn't tell us to follow a religion and we made it because if it was so we would have religion from the start of our existence and no confusion. However I am an ex Muslim and after studying all abrahamic religions I came to conclusion that it's all man made specially political agenda that used a philosophical idea and turned it into controlling the general middle class and lowerclassman and now my believe is that whether we like it or not we are all alone in a wast universe and nothing other than the natural laws of physics has power over us . No God or deity!
what if the aliens just didn't put aliens in the simulation?
What if our whole life was a dream
We sleep because the stimulation runninG Earth doesn't have the processing power to run all creatures at once...I think.
Talk about LOSS of credibility
You got it wrong, we're all inside Rick's engine right now.
we run simulations all the time in our own minds, while dreaming and while day dreaming and while imagining potential outcomes. if we're simulations and we run simulations within a simulation then who's to say the one simulating us isn't a simulation. If we could trace back to the prime simulator then what framework does that prime simulator operate within... fuck
Do one on gravity waves!!
what is real, it is not. it is not, is not here. if here was real, we would knew to answer who we are, why we experience and where it all started from? this is the basic limiter for an artifical self of egoistic-type organic processor. if you knew the answers you would never have been convinced about here therefore here would be not. we support here, by believing in it. the only way to believe in something not real is to not know about real. people believe google will launch the next ai, while we are so deep into it, that we believe it hasn't happened already. i am here for the 4th time and it is always something else. but every time it is normal and the only way to be. you forget unesecities and install nesecities in an instant. you refer to your new unit as me and can never imagine doing otherwise. what you think and comprehend as the past it is fragments of things that have not yet happened. when they will happen, the change will be so big that we somepoint where it have not even created as a concept can see it. a limiter works great when the limited unit is not aware of it. when you are aware of the limiter, you either get restarted, either deleted. why are we closer to the limiter, why are we discussing it when we shouldn't even know about it. words are manmade, therefore not true. words pretend. words attempt. in the right order they make common senses, but common is not the only senses and all.
Who gives a fuck.
I KNEW I WAS INTERESTING ENOUGH TO BE OBSERVED AT RANDOM TIMES WITHOUT KNOWING IT!
I don't think you can simulate consciousness, because I don't think it can be generated by the brain. But what's in fact a simulation is the physical world we're living in, our physical bodies and our egos.
Who created the aliens that created us ??
If your life is a simulation, what happens when you die? \n\n*Do you respawn?\n\n*Perhaps this is a test to see if you're worthy beyond the simulation?\n\n*Are we lab rats?
Fuckers .....Jake said watch part 2 on kurzegesagt n now kurzegesagt says go watch part 2 on Jake's channel ......
I'm still here because I already watched the Vsauce3 video, it's what led me to this video.
assumption is the mother of all fuck ups!
The only thing we could possibly hope for in proof of our simulation is to figure out a way where we can observe the simulation flowing into our senses\n\nAnd that, I think, is DMT. I've never tried it, but I hear that's basically what it feels like. Nothing is real, it's just a colorful tunnel. Always sounded weird to me.
Whoa I can't tell which one is Mind blowing,  the Video or the Subject of the video!!
m does not denote million, b not billion.  kind of sad for a science channel.  well, i guess as long as you spare us the inches and gallons not all is lost...
AAHHHH a human in the animations AHHHHH
Well if we are simulated the beings or being that created us would look at this and find out we are becoming sentient about the hole thing and stop the simulation.
Rick Universe.
Onthology
Do the hawking effect!!
Occam's Razor and assumptions?
Aww geez this sounds so familiar rick
Branlette branlette branlette !
Interdimensional travel would be like debug tool or cheats
6:40 Big brain alien god is thicc
Kurzgesagt with those feel good videos xD
6:43 : Billions,er even billions! xD
i dont dislike vsause but they definitely ruined this video
I knew this shit from wisecrack already
Well, if we are real, we would look like complete idiots arguing if we are programs or not...
Alejandro Villanueva of the Pittsburgh Steelers was rocking one of your shirts during a press conference today x)  https://i.imgur.com/dpAuWNt.png
The real questions is if it p2w tho.
So we have to use concepts and tools to learn about the true nature of reality.
Dose it matter ether way were still living
If we weren't real, I would sleep through my entire life because there is nothing to do cause nothing's real
When vsause and kurtsisnevrve......... combine
The Collab was \n\n\n\n\n\ng00d
6:41\nohh yes bbby twerk that alien butt!
One Love
I challenge you Jimmy, to go live on a $30k a year and buy obama care and see if after a year you still come back and talk like you are now.  obama care only good for two kind of people, the first is those that have no work and rely on the systems itself; the second group is people like you who didn't even need the care act.  But those of us in the middle, we suffer for much under the obama act that most of us are struggle to pay for our foods on the table because we have to buy the act or get a huge penalty for it.  Imagine, you only made $3000 a month and paid $800 for your health care...  You speak for the poor and the rich but not the middle class.
This is good work you're doing Mr. Kimmel and I know its not easy or fun to do. Much respect to you. Keep it up :)
If Alan sugar becomes uk priminister will us and uk fire each other?
America, what's wrong with the NHS? Just because recent governments have been screwing it over, with underfunding and cutting down on hospital bed numbers, it's still a really good idea. Besides, the U.K. Spends a lot less on healthcare than the US.
he has great coverage from the network he works for. unlike the rest of us.
Bravo, Jimmy Kimmel! Thank you for being brave enough to stand up for all of us the way you have! It's really nice to see someone using their voice in such a courageous and compassionate way. I hope someone shows you my comment. PS. You're pretty funny too!
Jimmy Kimmel presents: why doesn't everyone get free stuff? It's not fair!
Aca isdisgusting. Blame the cfr. Thats where it came from. Kimmel politicizing your child is disgusting.
Good job Jimmy! Way to stand up for the rest of us!
Do you remember the man show when kimmel had young girls on trampolines!what a pervrrt!
all those associations are dependent on the current structure lol duh they're against change. either way its an ad hominem
I just want to say that I've never been moved to call my state senator before, even after everything that's happened over the last few months. I think that what you're doing is amazing and it actually moved me to pick up the phone. Keep it up! You are inspiring people.
This whole argument is hurting my brain
Criticize them - great. But realize if you want that level of care everybody's taxes are going to have to go way up. We're already taxed at high levels and this will only make it worse. If we as a society want to pay for it - we can have universal healthcare. Are you prepared to pay another $5000 - $10,000 out of your paycheck to make it happen? If I could afford Obamacare it would cost me $6000 a year with a $8,0000 deductible. Good coverage would cost a lot more than that.
Of course Senators and others will want to discredit Jimmy Kimmel saying he is not an expert on the subject. It is the only way to argue against something that they know is logical, correct and moral. So instead of attacking his stand they attack him.
Hey, to all those people claiming that Kimmel has no right to comment on this: yes he does. When Bill Cassidy came on his show, that gave him a right to talk about it. When he lied to Kimmel's face, he gave him a right to talk about it. When Cassidy used Kimmel's name to talk about his policies by politicizing the physical and emotional struggles of his family, he gave Kimmel every single right to talk about it.
CBO Just scored this bill. As usual, the REPUBLICANS are trying to put 20 million people off healthcare. OBAMACARE LIVES  #NOONREPEAL
Wonderful OBAMA Care story number 2....Pre K teacher with children and a degree in early childhood education could not afford to pay the highly praised OBAMA Care insurance rates.  Divorced mother with children was forced to take the tax hit due her not being able to afford it.  Sooo more money out of her/children's pockets and her working her tail off trying to provide!!  So this story makes me upset at freeloaders in the US collecting off hard working mothers and U!
People should realize this is a good thing jimmy is doing right now and then they should ask themselves why is he doing the right thing now? and then they should should ask themselves why has he never mentioned the hundreds of other ways Americans get screwed?
What Jimmy Kimmel May Not Know About The Healthcare Bill\n\nPosted By Kristan Hawkins On 3:41 PM 09/25/2017\n\nEvery time that a new health care reform bill is introduced, it causes panic. Newly-minted health care expert Jimmy Kimmel, who has previously mocked Obamacare’s failures, quickly rushes in to denounce any attempt to move away from Obamacare. I feel for Kimmel’s concerns for sure, which is why I support Graham-Cassidy. When it comes to repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, the hyperbole usually varies from, “This will destroy people’s lives,” on one side, to “This doesn’t go nearly far enough,” on the other side of the issue. Meanwhile many Americans just ignore the pundits and scare tactics coming from Washington as they are relatively healthy with few health concerns. For me, that is not the case.\n\nI am the mother of four children who are my world, inspiring me to fight for their future every day of my life. However, what really separates me from many other people is that two of my children, Gunner and Gracie, have Cystic Fibrosis (CF). CF is a deadly disease, which currently has a median age expectancy of 37 years, and requires daily, time-consuming and expensive medical care. It only affects about 30,000 Americans, and, currently, there is no cure. So for a middle-income family such as mine, any change in healthcare could result in reduced coverage, thousands in medical bills, and delays in the treatments and medicines that Gunner and Gracie need.\n\nLast week, following the introduction of the Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson healthcare reform bill, several rare disease associations sent out several alerts opposing the bill and supporting Obamacare. As someone who faces this cystic fibrosis daily, I needed to know why these groups were supporting Obamacare, which is imploding, unsustainable, and already leading our nation towards a single-payer healthcare system.\n\nWhat is clear is that single-payer systems are not the solution, especially when every day matters and yearlong delays in single-payer systems are common as government entitles and pharmaceutical companies haggle over the price of life-extending drugs.\n\nJust ask those who suffer from cystic fibrosis in the UK, who have been waiting since 2015 for their government to approve Orkambi, which researchers believe could add a decade onto CF life expectancies. My son, Gunner, has been on the drug for more than a year already. We’ve already seen significant improvements, delaying the vicious plans cystic fibrosis has for wrecking his body.\n\nAdvocates of the ACA like to say that those who push for this reform bill don’t understand what it is like to face the hard decisions that having a pre-existing condition requires each day. It’s not true for me, nor of one of this plan’s chief authors, Senator Rick Santorum.\n\nLike me, Senator Santorum has a daughter, Bella, who has a rare, genetic disorder that leads to high medical and prescription bills.  So why would he write a bill that would hurt his family and those with pre-existing conditions, a bill that (if the other side’s hype is to be believed) would lead to the denial of coverage for those with pre-existing conditions?\n\nThe simple answer is that he wouldn’t, and he didn’t. The Graham-Cassidy bill does not eliminate Title 1 of the Affordable Care Act. In fact, it can’t. What it does is allow a state to apply for a waiver that would exempt it from Title 1. In order for this waiver to be granted, the state though must certify that affordable, stable insurance options are available to those with pre-existing conditions. Simply put, states are required to cover those with a pre-existing condition, but we give them the flexibility outside of a mandate, to do this task.\n\nAnd the best part of giving states control of how healthcare is managed is that real changes can be created. If my home state of Minnesota passes plans that fail to cover my children and their needs, you can bet your bottom dollar I’ll be personally knocking on the doors of my state legislators. I’ll be lobbying in St. Paul. I’ll be contacting the local press. I won’t simply be a number calling into the D.C. office of my U.S. Senators who will never hear my concerns. I’ll take it right to the decision makers.\n\nSome argue that this bill would destroy Medicaid, which would lead to millions of people losing their heath care. In fact, this bill would put Medicaid on a sustainable path that would continue to rise with inflation. In introducing his extremist “Medicaid for All” plan, Senator Bernie Sanders said that the best way to lower health care costs was to make people go through the government. If he were right, then it should not take an extraordinary hike in Medicaid spending each year to cover his plan. Raising Medicaid spending based on inflation should be more than enough to cover the people it needs to cover. So why are liberals against this plan but for “Medicaid for All?”\n\nTwo words are the answer to that question: Trump and abortion. If Graham-Cassidy passes, President Trump will cement his legacy as President. If he can’t, then realistically Americans are stuck with the ACA forever or at least until we’re broke and no more money can be printed to pay for it all.  And Sanders’ plan would give government money directly to the abortion industry while the Graham-Cassidy bill would defund Planned Parenthood and protect the rights of the pre-born.\n\nIs this bill perfect? No, but when comparing this bill to the travesty that is the Obamacare status quo and the disastrous financial trajectory it has put our nation on, there really is no choice. And by allowing states a hand in addressing where healthcare spending is invested, the choice to invest in life-affirming providers rather than the nation’s number one abortion provider is long overdue.\n\nKristan Hawkins (@KristanHawkins) is president of Students for Life of America.\n\nURL to article: http://dailycaller.com/2017/09/25/what-jimmy-kimmel-may-not-know-about-the-healthcare-bill/
Idk Jimmy. I cant take you seriously without a nihilistic jew next to you. Seriously though, whens the last time you had Adam on? \n\nGetting to the topic, I think its really shitty that your just now getting interested in the common folks healthcare. According to my research, guild members get access to better doctors than the military. Obama care was screwed up, just like Trump care will be. Thousands of people died under Obamacare due to inadequate resources. Im really over hollywood celebrities maintaining their status quo by jumping on the bandwagon of the ignorant. Sure, come tell me im a hypocrite or troll or whatever negative comment you can muster up. Respectable people can correct me and or offer a rebuttal without cursing or attacking me.\n\ninb4 lol welcome to the internet, trump supporting bigot.
How can this man not see all the contradictions in his logic?  He doesn't trust the state government, but for some odd reason he thinks the federal government will do a bang up job.  I don't want any government involvement in health care.  Completely remove them from the equation.  He also brings up a bunch of medical associations that are opposed to repealing Obamacare...of course they do, because the more people they can get into the hospital and the higher the price of medical care goes, the more money they end up receiving.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Poor lil jimmy my lil Zac doesn't an didn't get Obama care not sure why we didnt your not worried about my lil Zac an I can't get medical care for my son geuss I need to get into show bizz
D I A B E T U S
I hope the dork in chief keeps trying to spar with Kimmel. It's like a cat playing with a retarded mouse.
Kimmel sucks Schumer ass
🍻
Jimmy Schumer
Jimmy Kimmel for President :D
rubin dopez, your voting for King Trump sissy, and tell all ur friendz, losers, r u afraid.
A post the other Jazz whose thread this song is on, https://plus.google.com/u/3/+Jazzz825/posts made on his channel recently. Grateful I possess the self control to not depreciate myself with such a post: I am sorry to others for this ..But I have been pushed to my limit.\nYou No good SICK Fckkk . To keep going to other channels to spread out an out LIES about me. You know Nothing about me. You are one SICK person. Your messing with the wrong person. Believe it. And To Use My Channel Name.  You are truly a demented person.\nHow dare you say out an out Lies about me ??? Not one thing funny in what your doing. You Sick Fckerr . You are Scum...Nothing else. You don't know the meaning of class.  Go for it .....Leave your lies  HERE. DO IT. You No good Low Life.?
I called that number which directed me to my IL senators recorded message saying please call again later\n Can't even leave a message
Poor guy doesn't want to spend a dime of his money on healthcare. The struggle of a multi millionaire.
National Health council is the only one that had a good logo designer. the rest went to Fiver.
Your show is definitely losing views...
Go To Google And then Type: *FreeCodesXXX* This is actually the only working xbox live gold working these days. Do not waste your time on some other methods
Obamacare is an example of distribution of wealth. This is something that liberals don't understand and yet they continue to support programs that drain our resources. People that make more money has to pay more for healthcare so that low income people can get healthcare coverage. I support a single payer healthcare, but people should have an option to opt out and buy their own health coverage.
This guy went full cnn! What a dope
Will Al Frankenstein, Nancy Smellslousy, Maxine Watters-her-pants, and all the capitulating, spineless RINOs get the SAME healthcare as the plebeians???  Or will they continue to have their Cadillac health plans???  If the privileged few in Washington don't have the SAME health plan, I'm not on board and never will be!  So Jimmy, Ask your elite friends if they are willing to be covered under Obummer Care, please.  Get back to me on that.
Typical liberal only cares now because it's effecting him in a major way.
Luckily, with McCain and Cruz's withdrawal of support it looks like the current bill is dead.
Is it possible for John Kennedy blink any more than he already is? Lmao
Kimmel shut up...you whine, you do no good.Do something else janitorial work would be good for you. What have you done. You are a imbarassmen to​ your self you family, the country.SHUT UP!!!!
I could care less what this talking head, cross eyed eff thinks of healthcare, politics or any other opinion he may have. If your political opinion sways over what this turd thinks, then you don't think for yourself and should start.
feel sorry for the audience who came to be entertained by a  comedian not a so called politician
How is this trending?\n\nIt only has 1.3 million views!
It’s a damn shame that he has to talk about this and politics, we have come to a time where tv hosts are talking about politics and not entertaining their viewers except the ones that listen to them, I can’t listen to anymore celebrities or hosts talking about politics, just talk about something else plz, leave politics to the news, just go back to the way things were, like 8 minutes of talking about healthcare, just respect or disagree or ignore and move on
Will not get in to how I felt about you in the past, now you are doing the right thing thank you Mr. Kimmel thank you very much!
WAH!!! Keep tear-bating. Try uh, hmm?,?,COMEDY or get off late night
So, a late night show host is explaining things. I liked it when cartoons called school house Rock told me about politics.
Health care is not a RIGHT it's a privilege
Man you're not even relevant or funny.I don't support trump but you are not remotly funny and you need to shave .
Thank you Jimmy Kimmel! Stand up for us!
Kimmel think the world revolves around him. Obamacare is killing hard working Americans. Liberals want evrything for free.
The fact that VP Pence didn't answer the question should tell you everything you need to know about this rotten bill.
Keep exposing the lying politicians. This is super important.
Im a  Type 1 Diabetic, and as a Type 1 Diabetic my life is being threatened more by this  GOP than by any terrorist overseas.
Here's the real question that should be asked on live television and what the response isIf this plan isn't good enough for you (congress) then we don't want it either?
Hi Jimmy, have you tried getting talking points from anyone OTHER than Chuck Schumer?  maybe try that first. Don't fall for Kimmel, this is all a political witch hunt. Kimmel has plenty of money to take care of his son. This is just a political bandwagon he's hopped on.
Americans are paying huge taxes and don't have a federal healthcare system, very clever! America is not a country it is a business - Brad Pitt!
In what world is a TV host and comedian fighting harder to protect children than the people elected to represent them?
Trump supporters will believe anything their president does as a sign from God
Mike pence's eyes are red in that interview. Like really fuckin' red. If the devil ever existed... just saying.
Sorry but I'm not gonna sit around listening to celebrities who can't relate to any of us talk about healthcare give me a damn break
Thank you Jimmy.  It's time America joined the rest of the developed world.  Medicare for ALL!
*This is the same guy that sat around drank beer and degraded woman on a couch with Adam Carolla * and we're taking advice from him? 🤷‍♂️
why we having this debate  they should scrap both bills and go with universal healthcare like our allies why is it  that we are one of wealthiest country  in the world and yet we can't give our people healthcare something wrong here
Jimmys the biggest joke😂. You ain't a politician. Watch Ben Shapiro bud. Everybody knows you're an idiot if it was up to you to make political decisions.
The problem with healthcare is there is no government accountability for there shitty programs. This needs to change. These a-holes could bankrupt the nation and they are still covered for life. They are alone responsible for this disaster.
Keep politics out of this no one cares...they want to watch this get drunk and go to sleep. Tell some jokes and dance like conan does
People who use their children to forward their political agendas are disgusting
Listen to Ben Shapiro's response to this to hear facts. His daughter also had open-heart surgery at the same hospital where his wife, a doctor, works. This is emotion-based rather than intelligence -based.
Jimmy you are a savage! Keep it up bro!
Earns 10 million dollars a year, complains about his kids health care :/
I ask myself if Jimmy's son didn't have open heart surgery would he still argue this issue.
Kassidy looks like a SS  national back in Hitless days.
Kimmel is dead on, dont listen to him, dont listen to unqualified politicians with an agenda, your best bet , irregardless of your political persuasion, is to go to the most qualified medical associations in this country. They OVERWHELMINGLY state this a bad plan for millions, big trouble for many of the most vulnerable. Sad, sad day for America if these political clowns get their way. They have guaranteed health care till they die, when they are off the political scene, sunning in Aruba, they will care less about your childs brain tumour and bills that will bankrupt you and destroy your family. Do your OWN factual research on this. Its all there on the experts web.
Right On Jimmy~!
propaganda machine at work...... good job chucky shumer
Keep going Jimmy!!!
Awesome!
Thank you Mr Kimmel! 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
5:34 This dude blinks 74 times a second.
Jimmy Kimmel for President
Kimmel pandering to the brainless lefty audience. Try actually being funny instead.
So much savagery holy fuq go Jimmy
Chuck Schumer has you played fool
Idiot
lurer
Just enjoy sky rocketing healthcare cost under Obamacare. Mine sucks now. Oh well
Boo fuckin hoo
Jimmy Kimmel is an idiot.
your awesome my buddy..take care
You're Amazing!
Awwww, look at Chuck Schumer's little parrot.
Remember when late night shows, told jokes and made you laugh? Now I cry, because all they talk about is politics. I'm done with all of them.
Jimmy, you've made a selfless choice to defend and be an advocate for millions of those less fortunate, I've enjoyed your comedy since the man show... now I utterly respect you! You make your points very eloquently and with the known potential to hurt your status/bottom line yet you are fighting the good fight. My hat goes off to you sir, thank you for being a good human being :)
I hope something can be done. I fall into the fkd category. I pretty much make minimun wage, its too much to get any kind of assistance. My companys insurance is about the same as getting it on my own, which is way unaffordable. I barely can pay rent and eat working 50 hrs a week. Oh and my tax return gets taken from me cause I have no insurance. But I know people who dont work, and get all the health care and dental they need. With their rent paid and food cards so they can eat whatever. Im in horrable health and unimaginable pain at the moment and cant afford the visit that has to be paid before you can be seen or afford the anti biotics I need .....
You go Jimmy
Louise didn't ask you, she asked me AN ICONIC QUEEN
Fuck that was a boring challenge. Not surprising judging by who it came from though. (Louise glitter etc)
Why the fuck are you shouting you moron
A boy in my classroom is called Benjamin and my friend is called Donia
Just saying to help you out, Dunya in Urdu means heaven which I'm sure Sid would know. D'aud is in fact David so you're right 😂❤️. And Du'a I'm sure you know what that is 😂 Also, Pou is seriously a sick name! You guys are good at picking names. Pou is the guy in Kung Fo Panda 1,2,3 , and I loveeeee King Fo Panda!!! Love you!  xx
Gweneth Paltrow daughter name is Apple
White ass names!!
Lala, POEEE
I like the name Noah. My nephews called Noah💖💖💖 and I also have a baby cousin she's called Eliza the girl version of Elijah hence another cousin of mines called Dawud
Arya is a Sanskrit Indian name , great name
The lead singer of Coldplay, Chris Martin, named his daughter Apple :)
Hello Dina! What type of hijab fabric do you use? \nXox❤️
I love names that starts with the letter M like my name MARIAM my husband's Also starts with M so Inshallah my kids' names will also start with M . please guys  tell me your favorite M names ❤️\nBy the way I love Maria and Malak for girls :)
From a professional real life Kinza (there aren't many of us) - thanks for the compliment 👍🏽😬
My favorite male name, which I wanna name my child, is Tobias
Sid u literally scared me at 7.33 😂😂
Red is not sick, it's ordinary, obviously ginger-haired.
A cute food inspired name could be Ginger
My sons name is Noah 😂😂
My eldest is called noor 2nd 1 laila then son soliman
Benjamin was my grandfather's name.
Daoud = David \nbtw is my sons name love this name :-)
This was really interesting
It really was Muhammad before the sects though. Then it became Mohammed, which kind of reflects the skew of history that represented. Meaning muslim history isn´t too authentic and warriorlord are much to blame. For instance the ottoman empire, may be central in that Uthman has a special role in hadith. Reject negative values and accept good values,of history, as would be a modern version of the muslim saying.
Yes yes Sina you guys made it on trending x
But dina, isn't Hana your fav girl name? Btw what does Hana mean? <3
Is this serious... fucking wow the human is indeed fucked
My daughter is a bit older than Hannah and we called her Yara! I'm due in 4 days with baby boy but I'm having such a hard time deciding on a name !!!!!!! Thanks Dina it helped a lot ! I love the name Noah but here it's crazy how many Noah's there are... I want something simple with Islamic roots, but still slightly western sounding... it's soooo hard ! Any suggestions?! ❤️
Guess who's on trending again 🙌🏻😂
Penelope... you can call baby penelope,  as in antelope.  I had a friend called Gemma and we used to call her gemelope rhyming with antelope for Fun!
Don't do Kanza! Kinza is much better cause kanza sounds like shirt in arabic lol. You dont wanna do that to her
my mum worked on teletubbies and i hugged pou !!!
Has she dyed her hair Gray? 🙄
Now that Kylie is pregnant, there's going to be a pregnancy trend   😊
Is it just me I find male name's more beautiful than girl's names I have so many boy names in mind if I have one .. but I can't think of one single girl name that I would like lol 😁
There was a japenese girl in my primary school called apple. She got bullied.
Ur teeth look different hmm... u look gorgeous with less make up and grey hair!
You two are so hilarious love it gonna subscribe to you!!
My sister's name means September in Turkish😂😂😂
I’ll let you know if I ever get pregnant again 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Im only 3 minutes in and she's already said mine, my sister's and both of my brother's names
My nieces r big fan of yours they just love u so much
How about muhammed.... you know after the famous rapist.
At least one of the two videos are trending
omg RIP i know i shouldn't be personally offended u don't like the name iris but.... here i am LOL
My daughters name (if I ever have one) will have to end with an 'a'. It's like a RULE.
Nooooooooo to Red!  Blue is cool.
I almost broke a nail I clicked on this sooo fast!!! I was so sure she was going to drop a baby bombshell on us!!
Hey guys, today i uploaded a video of my school morning routine! Xx please go watch it on my channel x
My 2 girls are Hana and Ayah 👌🏼 my boys are Zakaria and Hussein xx
olive is a cute food name
Teletubbies are international!! haha \nBut I really do love the name Poe.
Think they are expecting...\n\nPenelope is more of an american name! \nLove the name, Noor, Elijah, Noah, Adam\n\n(She didn't look like a kenza in the end) lol
Adam and Noah are the names of my twins! 😍
2 siblings that went to my old high school were called red and blue! 😂
Poe is sick, man, you just have to move abroad 😂😂
Austin is actually the name of a city in Texas. So funny that you pictured that lol
Who else was secretly hoping to hear their name to be called? Just me? Ok 😳👋
Your teeth look stunning in this video!
Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow’s daughter’s name is Apple! Apple Martin lol
Yara greyjoy .... U know if u know
i thought you were going to say you're pregnant or something
I legit just watched a 5 minute ad which I could have skipped but chose to watch it for Dina😂👌🏽
It's hilarious how you show your ears for earrings
My son is called Bailey after the drink hehe x
*Dina is trying to tell us something...suspicious👀*
Po means bum in German 😅🙃
Dina please make some makeup videos
Penelope îs soooo colon in Latin countries
so funny
My fiance's siblings are all with the letters M \nMotaz\nMoumen\nMountasir\nMoutasem\nMarwa\nMouayad\nMouhannad
lol kabab khan this was so funny
OMG Noah is my favourite name EVER <3
Lol elijah is my fav boys name
Love this 😂😂
Shes kinda buff
Call it pudiavana
kebab LOL
Omnitron 5000\nNicknamed: Omae wa mo shinderu
#12 on trending girl!!!
Gweneth paltrows girl is called Apple
Dawood is David yeah
4:59- Yara Shahidi!
I love dina
adams my fave boy name
yasss name your next girl inshallah Ayyah lol
omg...abrahim ali n abu bakar r my fav
Ali\nSami\nNuh\nHud\nAdam\nRumi\n\nArwa\nHani\nAna
12 trending
Read my name😉😆😉
#12 on trending dina! Yaaaaaay 💜
AW MY NAME IS YARA
Kebab Khan 😂
Cant possibly think why this channel is trending once again... Not politically motivated at all.....
My baby's name is Aya and she s also two. I remember watching ur video's and we were preggie togheter.😀 also i named my first born Adam..unfortunaly i lost him. Ibrahim is also one of my faves💗
Are you going to vlog your next terrorist attack?
Dear Dina can you please flag me so I don't see your videos coming up in my feed. Reason being, I have no interest in your videos. Thanks 👍
Take off your fucking headscarf
Some actress names her daughter Apple, so don't worry Dina, there's Nothing wrong about this name 😂❤️
Terrorist
I can't judge the movie, but the trailer seemed too modern in tone.  By comparison, the trailer for the 1974 Albert Finney version absolutely nailed the period feel of the story, along with a better tagline (It's the Who's Who in the Whodunit!).
David Suchet is the quintessential Hercule Poirot in my opinion. That being said, I would still see this film. I guess it's made for young people who have never read nor heard of Hercule Poirot or Agatha Christie (unless they changed the ending) LOL
Gonna see this for my birthday
In a world, where every movie idea in Hollywood is fresh as a 3 day old turd, comes yet another rehashed gem from the past.
What happen at court with standing rock ?
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
An Agatha Christie novel being adapted into a movie? Sweet. Hopefully we get an And Then There Were None modern adaptation if this one goes well with the public.
Hopefully my aaron burr don't get killed ♡♡
Dame Agatha did write other books, you know. It's sort of silly to keep filming the same ones over and over.\nHow about THE PALE HORSE? Or working up a story around the mysterious (and quite possibly supernatural) character of Harley Quin? (That's right, Batman fans. Agatha Christie introduced a character of that name in a series of short stories back in 1930 and he is one spooky dude. He shows up to solve unsolved mysteries  along with his friend, Mr. Satterthwaite (the latter prides himself on being an OBSERVER of life).
I hope they haven't ruined a beautiful story... can't wait...
just look at the cast!
it reminds me of one of Adventure time episodes lol
Gilderoy Lockhart living out a new life as a detective
Generally I don't want to punch people in the face, but comments like hmm Suchet is the one and only Poirot wake a beast within me. Go and check who Kenneth Branagh is, use your imagination and try to understand that he has every right to play that part and be a gem.
Spoiler Alert !\nDetective finds that the queen was the murderer and black guy worker goes to jail
Inspector Closeau vibes from the Detective's accent
Definitely this does not look anything like the book
I'm already in love with cinematography! The snow mountains remind me of Grand Budapest Hotel - beautiful!
All of these suspects (12) are killers
All those suspects committed the murder. There, I just saved you all some cash.
A new take on clue I think it will be good
This makes me wish I didn't know the ending
Yes, can't wait!  Love this story!
Johnny Depp is stealing Kenneth's show.
David Suchet will be the only real Hercule Poirot.  But, I'm going to see this anyway. And I don't remember there being any fist fighting or intense action scenes in the book....? Maybe because there weren't any??
I'm hoping the black guy says What do you mean by YOU people?. Now that would be epic.
I really want to see this but I hope they do not turn it into a thriller. The book is a comedy/mystery novel and I hope they maintain that.
Everybody, what takes sixty six seconds to charge up or to change state? Anyone? Am I surrounded by idiots?\n\nOops, sorry! Wrong Orient Express!
The assassin is The MAID or THE CONDUCTOR PIERRE MICHEL!
I liked the trailer in the theater it was cooler
Kenneth is killing it ! I'm so hyped
I couldn't be less exited
They all did it together. There i just saved an otherwise wasted 2 hours of your life. Hollywood stop making reboots.
Too bad it has Johnny Depp.  No thanks to domestic abuser
Johnny Depp as Hercule Poirot is as absurd as Hollywood's idea of trying to remake Fawlty Towers without Basil in the script.
If this does well enough, I hope Fox decides to do the Mousetrap, And Then There Were None, or The ABC Murders. I'm familiar with all of these, especially the Mousetrap.
I like the guy and all, but that mustache is the most absurd thing I've ever seen.
This looks identical to the first
Hmmmm.....the font for the movie isn't really working for me, as this is a historical movie. However, I kind of do want to go see this. Looks good!
It was the butler.
Clue Remastered
Charge bridge grass kiserar PM myself honor enthusiasm wrong question bit.
Boa pedida para ver este clássico de Agatha Christie. Jonny Deep versátil, talentoso e belo como sempre...
I wanna bang the hot women
It was the guy with the limp
Not really much of a mystery. We've known sense 1934 the ending.
As a big Poirot fan, I wanna see this.
Clue on a train. I love it.
This is kinda like  Polar Express not in a Christmas moment  it's something like a winter movie for express
The mustache is ridiculous. Poirot would have never worn such a monstrosity. David Suchet got it right.
I would give everything to have a moustache as magnificent as Poirot's
..is that a Leslie Odom Jr. I see?
what is it rated?
The black guy did it.
Another worthless remake of something that was already done. Let's do something Original. Just show's lack of talent and imagination.
Does anyone know the name of the mustache who is wearing Kenneth Branagh?
The butler it’s always the butler
I'm gonna have to buy the book now
Nice to see the only black guy in this trailer get killed ...some ole Hollywood
Looks nothing that the novel ...
00:29 i see a black guy here aka the doctor... i hope that scene is not the crime scene because it will spoil everything...
The best part of the book is the page that contains the map of the train :)
Looks like Anderson style has influence people!!
Does anyone know what this is rated?
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
The real killer is probably the train conductor. bet
This looks so good and I can't wait to see it in November! Plus I love the remix of Believer!
Sergei polunin in this is all I need
Josh Gad and Leslie Odom Jr?? Daisy Ridley and Michelle Pfeiffer?? Johnny Depp and Dame Judy Dench?? guess who's going to see this movie
Who could have guessed that a bitter divorce would make Johnny Depp become a great character actor?
DAISY I GIVE YOU MY HEART
i'll watch this for Daisy Ridley...
So many good actors, but we all know at least that Judi Dench is gonna be AMAZING
For fks sake hollywood, come up w/ some NEW ideas. Remakes are SO boring.
Imagine Dragons? More like Imagine an advertisement without their music...
This isn't as good as the first one which focused on the slow Sherlock-inspired plot set-up, where this one is all fast-cuts to attract an audience that is *not interested in an Agatha Christie adaptation*. \n\nThis isn't The Fast And The Furious on a train, Fox.
I really want to watch this for some reason!
Looks extremely interesting
Not good enough
The trailer is awesome.....
I cant wait anymore omg! Johny deep 😍 agatha christie 😍
I want to make love with Daisy Ridley.................................................................'s\n\n\n\n\n\n\naccent.
It's the butler who done it....leave a like 2 Thank ME.....🤣😁😅😂\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nCheck reply 4 full spolier of who really shaannnked who.....
CGI all aboard....
I like Daisy Ridley
That tag line ....lol
Now I've Branagh as Poirot??? Egad!!!
The Hateful Eight: Revamped
His moustache mate wow
This looks deliciously good!
Oh., Tis Wild! \n\nPoirot amidST icyCool WILDerness.., \n\nOrient ya' sTACHe 🔍 *Clues careFully uPon this WeSTerly ExPress. \n\n( For those *touRisTs 🌐 who v% 👣 SouthbankLDN ^ a 🌹🎦 'RosieT' day, either 👓 Peter Ustinov - Kenneth Brannagh { 🎤MC'd}, David Suchet. )
everyone did it
SO EXCITED!!!!
I honestly feel like Johnny Depp would play a better Poirot. I mean he's done the role well before with Sleepy Hollow(1999)
JOHNYYYYYY😍😍😍😍😍
This should be gooooood.
قناة جديدة تختص في تقديم أنجح و أسهل وصفات الحلويات، تعالو شوفو الفديوهات التي اعملها والله ما رح تندمو ❤ ❤❤
The killer think he SLICKKK
Is this a for real movie or Johnny Drop doing his cheesy over acting bit to destroy another  classic?
Another movie ruined by the idiot Johnny Depp.
THE RETURN OF KESHA AND MACKLEMORE ❤❤❤
It is exciting to see these two artists together. Individually powerful and together even more delightful. The video is beautifully done.
Finally a good song not about sex
Such a beautiful song and video
Not a huge Macklemore fan per se, but this is really cool
Someone finally released a new GOOD song
This is so pure I love it
Only working so hard to get off the street casue there is a fucking huge fucking money trail from me and I want holy Justice on those for killing my chances to raise kids and let my mother know her polio and wasn't just crap for people to feel better and exchange money in the name of goodness and Christ....which has to be B's.........I'm not with out blame......shot callers shot dead
I am madly in love with this set and clothes lol
Love it... you both look adorable in the video too ...grins :)
WHO ELSE JUMPED WHEN THEY SAW THE TINY CRAB IN HIS HAND COZ THEYRE SCARED OF LIL CRITTERS??? Anyway omg good stuff I love these two and they couldn't have made an even more meaningful/touching song together!
I know he's married but goshdarnit. I ship them.\n\nAlso this song just cleansed my soul. Kesha's voice along with lyrics are making me cry. Macklemore's rap is, as always, relevant and pure and sensitive and I trust the man.
made me cry I can't wait to see him live
This is so beautiful. I am so happy that you both came back to making music. Bravo!
If they are single, I ship it.
This song is making me nostalgic
Who sees them as a couple
My new favorite song
I'm 19 and I haven't done anything you could consider living. I've never made good memories and I want to so badly. But I hate who and how I am. Life sucks so bad. But this song does make me want to try harder.
Love it just got it in iTunes. On Re-Play. I'm so glad Kesha is back and thank you Macklemore for the coloboration.
Yes! Love the 1st Ave line. I can relate!
2017 has been the year of redemption and change. So many great songs people everywhere can relate too.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
ok one more time, this does not stop
Why do I feel like crying
it felt like the chorus was incomplete
I did not know she could actually sing!!!
This looks like I life I want to live
i wonder if macklemore made any macklesmores on their trip
She's way to better than before stunning great voice!!!
Lmao..wish I was still young..wait until 40 hits...years are like weeks.
I'm just gonna let you know I was here before this went viral.
Hi everybody I'm a music producer and I wanna a notices.\nPlease checks my channel and thanks in advance
Life's going fast guys this song was dope 😍😍😍
This song hit 3 million in just 4 days
The video is beautiful! :)
Lots of love n respect for kesha
she is absolutely beautiful😍😍
I love this guy! Just because in all his songs I never hear him say the word fuck on his rap! So classy! 😍
So much more meaning that other crap songs these days
This is just beautiful.
She should've started off with this sound instead of the horrible cap she put out earlier in her career.  She didn't even had to fuck macklemore for this song either.  LOL
Just think, this was the girl who wrote and sang the lyric, ain't got a care in the world but got plenty of beer if that ain't the best music glow up I've heard i dont know what is😍😍
this song just makes me appreciate life and the friends I have to spend good times with. made me tear up a little..
Such a powerful song ❤️
Intro very similar to which 70s' song?
OMG! This is pure magic! I love it!!!!!
you feel old listening to this....no matter how old you are
This is what REAL music sounds like.
I would actually listen to this Kesha.
What does this remind me of?
What a load of shit💩
Beautiful song, beautiful message, beautiful people, beautiful video <3
This is all that is right about millenials
kesha is BACK!! can't wait to see her on the Rainbow tour & am i the only one who thinks Macklemore is cute??? if he's into guys hit me up lol
I have no words ... Breath taking these should do more colabs if there turning out like this
*Lyrics*: \n[Kesha:]\nI wish somebody would have told me that\nSome day, these will be the good old days\nAll the love you won't forget\nAnd all these reckless nights you won't regret\nSomeday soon, your whole life's gonna change\nYou'll miss the magic of these good old days\n\n[Macklemore:]\nI was thinking about the band\nI was thinking about the fans\nWe were underground\nLoaded merch in that 12-passenger van\nIn a small club in Minnesota\nAnd the snow outside of 1st Ave\nI just wanted my name in a star\nNow look at where we at\nStill growing up, still growing up\nI'd be laying in my bed and dream about what I'd become\nCouldn't wait to get older. couldn't wait to be someone\nNow that I'm here, wishing I was still young\nThose good old days\n\n[Kesha:]\nI wish somebody would have told me that\nThat some day, these will be the good old days\nAll the love you won't forget\nAnd all these reckless nights you won't regret\n'Cause someday soon, your whole life's gonna change\nYou'll miss the magic of the good old days\n\n[Macklemore:]\nWish I didn't think I had the answers\nWish I didn't drink all of that glass first\nWish I made it to homecoming\nGot up the courage to ask her\nWish I would've gotten out of my shell\nWish I put the bottle back on that shelf\nWish I wouldn't have worry about what other people thought\nAnd felt comfortable in myself\nRooftop open and the stars above\nMoment frozen, sneaking out, and falling in love\nMe, you and that futon, we'd just begun\nOn the grass, dreaming, figuring out who I was\nThose good old days\n\n[Kesha:]\nI wish somebody would have told me that\nThat some day, these will be the good old days\nAll the love you won't forget\nAnd all these reckless nights you won't regret\n'Cause someday soon, your whole life's gonna change\nYou'll miss the magic of the good old days\n\n[Macklemore (Kesha):]\nNever thought we'd get old\n(maybe we're still young)\nMay we always look back and think\n(it was better than it was)\nMaybe these are the moments\n(Maybe I've been missing what it's about)\nBeen scared of the future, thinking about the past\n(While missing out on now)\nWe've come so far, I guess I'm proud\nAnd I ain't worried about the wrinkles around my smile\n(I've got some scars)\nI've been around\n(I've thrown some pain, I've seen some things, but I'm here now)\nThose good old days\n\n[Kesha:]\nYou don't know what you've got\nTill it goes, till it's gone\nYou don't know what you've got\nTill it goes, till it's gone\n\nI wish somebody would have told me that\nSome day, these will be the good old days\nAll the love you won't forget\nAnd all these reckless nights you won't regret\nSomeday soon, your whole life's gonna change\nYou'll miss the magic of these good old days
Beautiful!! This is sentimental, heartfelt music. PS anyone else shipping them like crazy??
I´VE BEEN WAITING FOR YEARS TO LISTENING TO A SONG FROM MACK AND EM PLS MAKE IT REAL\nANTWORTEN
They're so cute together😍❤️
Kesha is so beautiful 😍 her voice is amazing!! This is why she's my idol slay my queen!! Great song 💕
Beautiful video love the song!!! Yes my girl is back show everyone what you got girl!!!!
https://m.youtube.com/channel/UC02LwaoDTH6y4V5WMU1g43g
I ship it.
Simply beautiful
Kesha looks like misty day off of AHS 😍
My dad has an vanagon
Love this song, ❤
te amo Kesha you too Macklemore, looking cute people!
So good!
this song makes me happyyyy
Love this!
beautiful.. i could vry
Nice voice really awesome!
LOVE IT
Macklemore ❤❤ amazing
FUCK! THIS IS FUCKING AWESOME MAN!
😍😍😍😍
im crying
Music video is goddamn lit AF..
Wow,just wow
Praying + Glorious = Good old days :)
Wow 😍
Before ya sold your soul.
This is amazing!
Kesha no more glitter?
wow wow wow. OMG!  yas!
gorgeous
Macklemore*
Goals
Kesha is ageless
Kesha  I see you👀
My two fave white kids♥️♥️♥️♥️
Sublime.
Kesha you're an Angel 💖
i love this  Song so much, Kesha ur beautifull sound like a queen , Ben your  great as all the time, i love your new album ! Zieh durch Junge, komm wieder nach Deutschland, ich will dich live sehen!(come to Germany...i like to see u live!)
Kill them, rape their skins, cut their eyelids with a forecaster, the cut their ears, fingers, penis, cut their lips, and open their head with a hummer.
I'm the good old days, when kesha and Macklemore were relevant
This song is beautiful two beautiful souls who went through so much to make such a beautiful song gives me hope.
Thanks for watching! New videos at 2pm PST every day of the week!\nBe part of the FBE Family! Subscribe, then hit the 🔔  & check the box.\nNotification Squad: We respond to comments the first 30 minutes a video is uploaded, so be sure to turn on notifications and come say hi sometime!\nThank you for supporting us all & our company! You’re all amazing!\n- FBE Team
Can Catherine be my grandma please? I honestly love her so much
Please please please get Catherine to guest judge on All Stars 3!!!
Catherine was my absolute fave Elder! Such an amazing soul unencumbered by the prejudices inherent in older generations.
NOW TEENS REACT REACT TO RUPAUL'S DRAG RACE
Please make teens react to Rupaul’s drag race
Y'ALL DIDN'T HAVE TO CLOCK FAME LIKE THIS IN 3 SECS LMAO😂😂😂😂
Catherine is me getting my life every instant.
Catherine is my favorite person on this planet. Besides Gaga. But damn is she up there, the best ally. Wanna be like her when I get older ✨
Can we have Teens react to then
PLEASE PLEASE TEENS REACT TO RUPAULS DRAG RACE
Tati vs Alyssa best lipsync ever <3
Catherine is me
Catherine is grandma goals
GO BACK TO PARTY CITY WHERE YOU BELONG! ICONIC
Catherine getting all this love is so cleansing, she's honestly a magical and wholesome being\n\nBless you boo
Catherine for S10 judge!!!
Catherine is the sweetest person on these reacts, so open-minded and chill.\nHey, could you do an elders react to Of Monsters and Men ? \nIts such a good band with nice songs.
Drag queens react to themselves on drag race!!!!
I love how open minded Catherine is.
Have elders react to Grapefruit technique
@FBE Teens react to RuPaul's Drag Race!!!!!
teens react to rupauls drag race
Have them react to more Rupaul's drag race Lipsyncs.
... react on UNHhhh
Make an older react to eurovision song contest
I want to spend every day with Catherine she's so sweet I can't
Catherine is my fave 💕
These elders are so woke I love them
please have trixie and katya react to this in the next Unhhhh!
CATHERINE WAS SO CUTE
This would have been the perfect time for kim chi to reveal his drag to his parents
I WANT TO KIKI WITH CATHERINE
Phi phi and Sharon’s argument will never be old😂
Never have I ever clicked on a video this quickly
Catherine is amazing!!
I love how welcoming a few of them were immediately but even more how most of them came around to it by the end. <3
Catherine was hysterical lmao
Catherine is so cute ;_;
Catherine.....what a tip top lady! Love you ❤\nPlease do Elders react to 'Outlander'
MY FAVORITE RN can't wait for season 10 and all starts 3 !!!
Finally !
THEY DIDNT SHOW SNATCH GAME WTF
Teens react to rupaul's drag race
Catherine is queen
Omg drag queens are SOO PRETTY!! 😍😍
Elders react to Postmodern Jukebox
im catherine lmaooo
elders react to nfl players kneeling during national anthem
SLAY RUPAUL
Elders react to Eurovision!
catherine is my queen
Yes thank you! Been requesting this for such a long time.
One of them rolled out lookin like they came from the shinigami realm
TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS
i love catherine
Josie is so cute
Loooove Cathrine with all my heart
elders react to mac demarco!!
Thats kinda cute xD
Elders react to lil pump
ELDERS REACT TO XXXTENTACION’S LOOK AT ME
MAKE COLLEGE KIDS OR TEENS REACT TO CAMP CAMP BY ROOSTER TEETH
Teens react to teen wolf finale
React to plyve kacha the voice Ukraine audition
ELDERS REACT TO DNA BY BTS
3.28 Darienne, is that you?! 😉😉
Thanks a lot for this chapter!! Aaaawwwwsooomeee!
Mark ia sooo hot, such a GDILF!
react to Adele
Elders react to Ghost (band)
ELDERS REACT TO WWE
Elders (lyric breakdown) Wish You Were Here by Neck Deep
please you should make react to Jimi Hendrix
PLEASE REACT TO THE ZOMBIES ( THE PEOPLE WHO MADE TIME OF THE SEASONS )
Teens react to '' Cage The Elephant'' PLEASE! <3
REACT TYLER THE CREATOR PLS
😱yaaaaaaassss
Why don't we
Elders react to Call of Duty WW2 Campaign Trailer
Elders react to Bombino (Tuareg guitarist).
thank u for this
Elders react to Harry Styles performances.
im catherine
_____ watch Twin Peaks
elders react to Melanie Martinez
I LOVE YOU CATHERINE OMGGGGG
AMAZING
React to UK GRIME
PARTY CITY
ELDERS REACT TO 21 SAVAGE!!!
Elders react to SEPULTURA !!!
Do elders react to Europica
ELDERS REACT TO LED ZEPPELIN FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
YAAASSS!!!
react to sidemen disstracks
Elders React to the band KISS
teens react to vocaloids!!!!! plz plz
-g8h52j-\n*TO GET 5000 Y0UTUBE SUBSCRIB€RS, G0 TO MY CHA!NNEL!*\n\n\n       \n                                                        \n\n\n-ftu429-
-f159y6t-\n*TO GET 5000 Y0UTUBE SUBSCRIB€RS, G0 TO MY CHA!NNEL!*\n\n\n\n\n\n-g6n3iu-
Chorizo James... perfect name for a luchador. Career change? ;)
And there is a PARTY going on in my mouth! Ben you're such a dweeb in the best way possible.
Before summer ends *everyone is wearing jackets*
This is why they bully you, Ben. Because you loudly proclaim about parties in your mouth.
I've liked this video but really its only half a like cos Mike's not in it. hashtagteamhuttlestone
I'm so happy James is in more videos! Love these kinds of videos, I can't wait to go back to London.
Hahahhaha can't stop laughing how in this video Jamie widens his eyes everytime he's talking 😂😂😂
for a theme week you guys should really do a cheap week. and maybe for a battle give each of the guys like 20 bucks or something and get them to actually shop and create a dish.
I was in London earlier this summer and NEEDED THIS THEN. y'all are killing me with all these London recs, when I'm NO LONGER THERE TO TRY THEM.
Am I the only one or is umami Ben's favourite flavor
hey i just really enjoy how furiously ben said theres a party going on in my mouth!
Sooooo who is organizing the Sorted Food Oktoberfest meetup??
Ben sometimes sounds like a wife. James being the husband
YOU GUYS!  I'm seriously loving all the outdoor/on-location stuff you've been doing lately.  It's really been so fun and interesting, getting to see more of where you live and the places you can get to, seeing as how you're in England and all.  I've been a subscriber for a long time and I love the channel and you guys to bits and can't wait to see what's next! :D
YAS JAMES YAS
loving that james is getting more screen time
James is a legend. More of James in the future please
I just want to hug ben and be his daughter. Hes so cute. Such a dad.
Loving all the James and all of the exploration videos!!
absolutely heartbreaking. went to France on holiday a week too late to see you, and went to London during London week but didn't even get a peep of your leg hairs. even happened to go to borough the same day but oh, the greatness of my luck is compelling!! :)
Padron peppers have a rare spicy one in them, but they all look the same. It's like dorito's roulette, but a lot healthier :P
Do more Indian food taste-testing-things!!! We'll help you with pronunciation! :D
Fellas, I'm sure the food is great there, but it looks like a mall food court. Wanna go to some great looking rooftop bars -- try Los Angeles.
Beach on a rooftop??? Sounds cool 😁
“Central London”.. Brixton is zone 2. 🙄
I just saw an ad of this place on this video XD
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Brixton is hardly central london is it?
Jamie... come by Indonesia for super spicy food!!!!!
Good to know James is at least willing to enjoy less frilly things occasionally.
Love this video, it's also my birthday today I'm 20!!! 🎉🎉 love u guys 😘😘
GUYS GET A DIFFERENT CAMERA MAN AND GIVE MIKE MORE SCREEN TIME PLS
my mum went on a complete padron pepper bender this summer. honestly sick of them now, she just took it too far.
You guys should check out GrubMCR! They are amazing, and such a great vibe. I've been there about 5 times. Look them up on instagram :)
Shouldn't an Oktoberfest be finished by the time it is actually october?!
God Did u see Jamie munching on that pepper!! he grew up in my eyes!
You should really make your own version of stuffed naan, for example nutella, pizza, cheese and sooo much more
You should do the same thing at Pergola on the roof in Shepherd's Bush!
Please go back there for Oktoberfest!!! If it's authentic food you will love it!
oh god, why am I watching this when I'm just about to go grocery shopping and I'm already starving. There's no possible way I'll make responsible decisions.
I love the exiting things you see and do. I would like to go there if I go to London again. Cheers!
Slightly disappointed that it wasn't called mac and chorizo.
I love whenever you guys do a food adventure video!
Man if I took a shot for everytime one of the lads said umami I'd end up in the hospital,
I see Brixton has been gentrified.
There is no spice in this what so ever!!! Dying
I'm not so lucky, so I have to take your word for how amazing it was.  Not that I could afford it, or afford going to London from USA... I can't even afford to go to KC, and you were there recently.  I laughed that you had taken my advice, though.  Not JUST my advice, I am sure you had a LOT of people tell you the same thing.  I liked that you did the bit with the fountains.  I shared all those videos you made in KC, hope they got you a few more fans.
4:21 we love you Ben XD NEVER CHANGE
Jamie's hair reminds me of a certain dictator...
Always looking for exciting new places to eat, brixton has so many hidden gems when it comes to eating out👏🏼
I really enjoy this concept of testing lots of food in one city. It changes it up a bit ! :)
The thing with padrón peppers is, as the saying unos pican y otros no which mean some are spicy and some not. The funny thing with eating them (aside from being really delicious) is that there's the chance that you get a super spicy one and makes you want to die! :D
Thanks!  What a treat!  Loved the critical commentary.  Wish I could have been there!
So this is great and all, but what if you don't have much of a kitchen or a kitchen at all, how are you going to make mac and cheese? I'll tell you how, go to my Mac and Cheese recipe on my channel. I'll teach you to do it without even having to boil the noodles.
Oh my gosh, you were in Brixton?!?
I thought this was gonna be a video on how to make charizo Mac and cheese but I'm still not disappointed.
Ben... I'm sure people would love to join your party in your mouth or wherever(I mean house) now that you've offered.
Sorry Ben, once you put it out there there's no taking it back... Party in my mouth 🎶🎶 sing it!
really like these types of videos! keep it up boyssss~
I've GOT to visit London! British food isn't just Bubble and Squeak! I'm drooling!
I got distracted in church by this\n...
I don't think I'll ever tire of commenting this;\n\nTch oh - ree - thoh\n\nI don't care how you pronounce the rest of the word but please, PLEASE  use an English th, not a z. Thank you. 
Erm.... if it’s in Brixton, then it’s certainly not central London. It’s South London. Please don’t confuse people. Thanks.
Thank you for the suggestion. Will definitely keep them in mind when I visit London next year!
James hopping over the bench and saying 'i'm very tall!' honestly made my day
U lads ever gonna actually get back to cooking again?
Yum! Thanks for taking me along on that great lunch trip! :)
wasn’t it mike who made the ‘and there’s a party going on in my mouth’ comment?
 pimientos de padrón, unos pican, otros no. that's what we say in Spain.  padrón peppers, some are hot, some are not. That's the funny thing, u never know if you will eat a super hot one but in general they are really tasty and mild.
For a second, I thought Ben called James a dick\nturns out he called him ridiculous\nclassic bennuendo
I want to hang out with you guys! Some incredible sounding food! Could talk about them all day!
is it wrong I said 'helloooo' same time as Jamie.
Am I invited to Ben's party?
I'm hungry
That all looks freaking amazing....
What the heck is umami
courtois
wtf is this shit lol
Chorizo mac and cheese...I'm weeping.
again KAAK WARKA make it !
Ben's 5:00 shadow goatee is lovely
Padron peppers omg
Food.
mac & cheese wins every time!
*The BOURGOIUSE*\n\n\n\n\n\nhowevr u spell that
pimentos padron, uns picon outros non <3
Ugh. London is just one huge pretentious hipster paradise :/
Do another shocker recipe
Where's Barry?!
Watching your vids always ways cheers me up!
Bens two favourite things:\n- sprigs of mint\n- umami (oo-maa-me)
Ben, you can't just take that sentence back! As per the Chinese idiom: 一言既出，驷马难追, once you've said something, you can't take it back :>
Macarrones con chorizo de toda la vida bye
I am confused... titles says mac & cheese, but video is of chili cheese fries...
Do padron peppers ever have heat?!
James is finally not camera shy.
Your channel never fails to make me hungry 😩Thanks!? Lol
Explain umami
That place looks super cool!
Padrón peppers!!! 😍
OHMYGODD. HE doesnt have a single bad song ever. Ive been there since his cloud nine album!! All the fakers finding him bc of him and selena
Kygo ft Avicii
Who's obsessed with this song??😀😀
Ficou bacana,porém,gostava mais das melodias tropicais.
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Love it!!
Sasha Sloan's voice makes me moan.
That lyrics ❤
nice & awesome lyrics
Kygo is magic
Beautiful song
kygo is amazingly original as always!
it's so amizing!
❤❤❤❤
😻
1 Million club ❤️
amazing
Nice.
En boucle 💕
kygo...greating from albania..tropical house...fucking yeah!!!
Wow😻😻😻😭😭👌🏽
Shared this on Facebook!
This is peaceful!! 😍😊💕💕
روعة
Music is so powerful for me without it I'd be lost.To me it makes my memories. But its shocking that one day I won't be here to listen
I love the beat and the groove\nThis track just kick-ass!
He s just a genius 😍😍
Sasha Sloan is amazing, great vocals in This Town, and ODESZA: Falls
today is 1 M viewers 👏
This is so chill brooo i love it
I want an ocean view somewhere... As long as I am next to you... I don't care...\n\nHair raising.
I love this kind of music. Just listen... imagine... 3:22 of peace :)
Finally a song without some crazy off beat drop .. and just simple and soothing beats 👌
Never find out bad song for Kygo
nice kygo really well done :) keep it up
I love this song ❤️
this song is taking me to another world
this song is a grower
I love it, definitely the best.❤️❤️❤️
The beat remembers me Nothing Left, feat Will Heard !
I love the song and its peaceful vibe. What hits me more are the lyrics, I was just taking with a friend a couple of weeks ago how a lot of people we know that are just kids are having their own children and settling down, when I'm just moving thousands of km away to start to work on what I like and start traveling the world. But that's the trend in my home city, kids settling down and acting like grown ups. We were just taking about how I couldn't wait to get out of that town and then this song drops... haha
Siempre hace las cosas bien KYGO!!!
This song is surprisingly soothing 😍
Put speed to 1.25. Thank me later. :)
Lying on the bed and listening to this ?! Me too. 😂
THIS SONG IS SO NICE! That's why I released an awesome remix of this song on my channel :) Can you please check it out?? :) Thank you 🔥
AMAZING!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
love from Nepal
Ashwini Singh Tanwar bought me here.😂😂😂
❤❤
i love this!
Please: Kygo Featuring Lorde, Kygo Featuring Tove Lo, Kygo Featuring The Weeknd. Please
Feels .. 👌
The Song is 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👍
Lovely <3 <3 <3
wawe
BEFORE THE 1ST MILLION
❤️❤️
In love <3
🎶🎶真舒服
Amazing voice, amazing lyrics
Well done MaNigga
This song give me chills xD
Perfect song 😍
😍😍😍😘😘😘
ahh....a song of SLEEP.
EARLY PREGNANCY ANTHEM
Obsessed with this song 😍🙌🏻
Are you sure this isn'n Bebe Rexha???
This is like the fairytale. U listen it u fall asleep)
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Music like these reminds me why I love house edm music \n❤️❤️⚽️
No one is probably going to read this,\nBut i don't mind writing it because I feel at least one person will read it.\n\nI'm an artist pursuing my dreams & pray that my dream will someday be a reality. I have my latest video up on my channel & would love the support from anyone. \n\nEither leaving a like on this comment, liking one of my videos or subbing to my channel would mean a lot to me. \n\nJust some simple views & subs can get me closer to living my dreams. Thank you:)
wow when the bass comes in
this can't be Kygo. I'm so dissapointed... Miss the old Kygo
fuck the lyrics ! simple but so true
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gh72dXr4fTM the inspiration you need a very inspirational video
I love when the beat slowly & smoothly comes in when she first says Baby we gotta get out .. just incredible
Ayyyy before 1 million from Egypt and this song is amazing
This lyrics is so meaning
BEFORE THE 1M !! Another one off my bucket list <3 <3 I keep breaking the replay button... This song explains EXACTLY how I feel.
This song is amazing!!
This song is beautiful
the video has got to be gooooooood.\nPlease release the video for it \nWaiting desperately
Family accuracy intention touch mainly through candidate cigarette issue proposal.
Shit man, i'm drowning in this beautiful song...
Really love this song. Kygo always delivers the best ❤️
This song reminds me of another song but I can't remember, especially the Chorus, can someone help
This a very very different kygo. It's nice but I love his tropical house vibes better
I wasn't crying, there is something on my eyes.
This song made my day😍😍
This song is just too soothing, I feel my heart just synchronised to the beat
Let's get outta this town<3
I Love this song 💞💞 who too?? 🔥🔥
This song has such a beautiful vibe..like if you feel the same!
Is the title stolen from Niall Horan..lol?!
My feelings are in this songs thanks for kygo
Way better than stargazing shit. THIS IS LIT🔥🔥🔥
some feed on their shit. fuck the loop and free ourself from all the crap of unvalued pride.
Kygo, you are a musical god
My cats 17 and still gets playful from time to time
Georgie use to love playing with the red dot laser. Until....he saw the laser in my hand and lost all interest. After that I never got him to play with the red dot laser. No matter what.
One of my cats like fishing rod toys and anything with a bell/rattle. His brother loves to play fetch with crinkle balls.
Strings, this small remote control car I have, boxes, teaser wands with feathers and laser pointers....These are the toys my cat likes! Give him a ball or a catnip mouse and he looks at you like you've gone insane! XD
My cat likes the milk bottle plastic caps  lol
My favourite chanel on youtube :-)
não revelei nome\nnão te preocopes
I thought our cat was the only one that kept hitting bouncy balls under the fridge and lounge.
Hahahaha! 😂😂😂😂💜💕🐾 Thanks for the laugh!
my tuddy doesn't  seemcto wantvto play with ANYthing.....😕😕😕😕😕
We love the laser toy at our house, but we must enforce share-time. Our black lab loves the laser toy too and goes so crazy the cats are in peril of death as she runs frantically into their laser game. We have had to make our dog wait and watch will the cats get to play with the laser toy. Then in a few minutes it's the dog's turn and the cats back off into a rough circle to watch her craziness. We have never ended the laser game by landing the dot on another toy for the cat's to feel success. Good idea we will try next time.
Im watching simons cat since 2011
hey nice video
One of our cat's favorite games is for him to initiate by doing the little war-dance hop down the hallway, stop at the end and wait for you, then you raise your arms and chase him yelling ooga booga booga! The last part is, apparently, important, as he has decided that noise is a signal that you really are just playing, and that he is allowed to chase back when you start to move the other way. Unfortunately, even though he loves strings, we've had to forbid them as he tries to eat them.
I am so glad your still around :) these r funny and just resubbed :) was watching these when u first made an account but life got in the way.
my cat LOOOOVES small balls made from aluminium foil. Damn, she can play with them all day long. I have them everywhere
😸😸😸
😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜
Nicky ❤️
PMSL 100%
Cats and babies= angels.
e i sottotitoli?
🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱
My cats are gumps
My old and usually very docile Bengal attacks my legs if I don't let him catch the string toy fast enough. He thinks that is teasing him, while I just think he needs exercise.  Usually I humor him 'cause I don't want him to feel teased.
Land Development Model - An Appraisal & Valuation Tool http://bit.ly/2xymQH1
I can watch the lazer skit 20 times and laugh each time. 😸
My cat fetched sticks from our garden and brings them inside. She always meows loudly, to show off what she's brought us 😛 and then we play with her with those sticks. Cheap and fun 😂
My cat likes the laser light, but she loves the plastic caps from soda bottles. She could play fetch with those all day. She had a certain type of toy mice that she would play with, they changed the make of them and she won't have anything to do with them any more. The only actual toy she will play with is the the fishing rod one.  I did have cat that played with the laser for a while, until she found out where the light was coming from and refused to play with after that.
What qualifications do you need to be a cat expert? I want them lol
Just adopoted a 4-year old. Doesn't now how to play, but has not lost instinct to chase. She runs, then hides when she catches something! I think in her former life she was restricted and will take time to lose her fear. PS I can say this in French and Spanish too, but don't know cat.
I bought many toys but Pinky is only intrested for seagull futhers....... So I try to find as many as I can every summer to have stock for the winter.!!!
1:15 ... a cat called Nigel ...?\n\nYay!\n\n... and he is a cutie ...
My cat, Eleanor, has a fishing rod toy that she loves. It has a stuffed Millenium Falcon that she loves to pick up and drag around when she wants to play, or cuddle when everyone is sleeping. :)
My cat, Minnie, used to love playing with the laser pointer. Her favorite thing to do was when I would circle it around her and she would spin around and around so fast that she'd lose her balance and fall over. Once she stopped being dizzy, she would run after it.
Oh, I shouldn't use my hands when they're kittens?\n...\n...\n.... I think I just like to suffer.
Always supervise play with a string. A cat can swallow string and injure the intestines as it passes.
Love all of the Cat Logic pieces.  Thanks so much for educating us!!!  Purrrrrrrrrrr
My cat loved crushed up bits of foil.  Used to throw them up the stairs and she would chase the foil ball as it fell and bounced down.  Really enjoyed this video Simon, thanks.
10/10, would invite the vet to dinner
my kitties love the little plastic strip that comes off the dry cat food bag. there's a piece of string that i throw away because, as they do love the string, they tend to try to eat it, and i don't want them to choke on it. but, the little plastic strip is fun for them because it makes a little sound when i wiggle it on the floor, and they can play with it by themselves and have a wonderful time. the only thing is, with more than one cat, they can sometimes 'fight' over it. they also love those little mice that have catnip inside them.  =^..^= *meow*
My cat LOVES empty toilet paper tubes! He shreds them and leaves bits of soggy cardboard pieces for me to pick up later. Also, he loves watching me play find my toys he hides them, STARES AT ME FOR HOURS.... until I get his toys from under the couch or fridge!😸🐾🐾🐾🐾🐾
The laser pointer WAS Hugh's favourite toy?  Did he pass away?
My cat loves to attack my computer screen whatever moves, including this video.\n\nBut, her favorite toy is probably a straw. That's about it. xD
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Both my ragdolls love to play with wand/feather toys,  small mice shaped toys and brown packing paper.   With the wand toys they jump really high.
Once,  when  folding  the bed sheets the cats thought it would be  fun to jump on to them while being folded by two persons. Now we have to hide to fold them or else they'll  want to jump onto them. So now we have an old sheet and sometimes we take it out for them to play. They love to jump into it and run all over it and climb it as well. We hold the ends up high as if it was a hammock. They just go crazy.  I wear  thick working gloves cause they turn mad climbing right up to my hands.
My cat Syd is amazing he follows me absolutely everywhere in the house and does the same thing with the laser pointer the button on it rattles  and the second he hears it he goes bananas
Very nice video and wunderful hints. Our cat maja love strings as a toy also. Here is her video. https://youtu.be/_MJkkgRg240
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*\nA interesting & Entertaining New Song hope you all will Share and order This Download here's The info   ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
Why do I attract lunatic cats that look absolutely crazy
Ah! My cat loves most play but her favourite is also a piece if string or the laser toy! She reacts just like Hugh! :-) I rattle the key ring & she comes darting out from wherever she has been! If it's not playtime & I'm just trying to move the toy from one place to another I have to pick it up super carefully or the smallest little sound from it has her darting ahead wanting to play! :-D
My cat loved pens! I would just leave them on the bed/floor/chair and he would grab, play with and carry around, the other cat I had love foil sweet wrappers crushed into balls. She was even trained t fetch them.
also please have an indoor-only cat :(
I just like how in the end Nigel just rests on her lap lol
I have the exact same white string.  I can get all the cats to come running if I start dragging it around.
Nigel looks like a cat I know named Airies.
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
What if the cat just isn't interested in play/exercise? Our cat will play for a few minutes sporadically, but usually just looks at us as if to say: Really? What are you doing? He's an indoor Maincoon/Norwegian Forest (very large normally), we have several different style/types of toys, but still just... nothings. Tips/Advice?
No need to buy toys for cats. They will play with just about anything.
OMG My Siamese cat LOVES to play with string, but once he swallowed one and puked it back up, so we rarely let him play with string anymore. It was kinda funny though, but he possible could have choked or other bad things could have happened so that was sad.
My cat Popper found a small strip of foam weatherstripping when we were insulating the house for winter. He was obsessed with it..we nicknamed it Mr. Strippy and Popper played with it constantly.  Eventually it got lost, but when we offered him a new one he was not interested.\nAnother cat of ours, Blackbeard, was absolutely terrified of an stuffed catnip mouse we had. One of our other cats managed to rip it open and pull out the catnip and stuffing. Well, once it was no longer stuffed, Blackbeard loved it. He would carrry  Flat Mouse everywhere, even when he was eating or sleeping. One day I was vacuuming and got a little too close to Flat Mouse and sucked him up. Blackbeard sat by the vacuum and cried until I opened the bag and retrieved Flat Mouse.
My baby loved her loose fur. After brushing, she started play with fur and it would become hair ball. I found tens of them under the fridge :-)
*i love cats*\n-I love cats-\nNo dogs\nWait.....\nYou know what?\n*i don't know*
During the winter when my cats can't go outside, Jasmine likes to take a ball with a bell in it, drop it down the basement steps and chase after it. She'll carry it and bring it up stairs again until she's bored.
My cat started having brief seizures from the quick movements of the laser pointer so we no longer use it. Also, always put string away so your kitty won't swallow it.
I had a cat who learned within a minute where the laser pointer was coming from and if you turned it on, he would look at it and promptly walk over and smack it out of your hand.
dear simons cats dad !!  my cats are indoor cats ans have about 40 toys !!   can you tell me why my male cat who has been done  likes to hump me every night on my arm befiore he goes to sleep !!
My cat is weird the fishing rod cat toy my tuxedo Bristol doesn't like the furry end he likes playing with the stick he will actually grab it out of my hand and start wrestling around with it🙄🤔
SIMON...PLEASE PLEASE ...make more of your cats adventures videos...I do like the ones with the vet, but I have rewatched all your oldie goldies...thank you for all your videos
Can you address socialization for cats in the same home? When are they fighting, when are they playing, when are they the same?
Your cat behavioral expert is so hot! Please show her more!
Buster  liked the clear bic pens the made a lot of noise on the wood floor.
I love this cat
I taught my cats no bite and no nails....they either use no nail or bite or do it very gentle. All 5 do this!
keep up the great work
String / shoe lace with the know works well doesn't it?! My cat likes ribbon too.
My 1 year old black cat, Samantha (good name...she's a terror...lol) absolutely loves a yellow stuffed dog toy. She carries it around in her mouth, and when she wants me to play she drops it on top of my foot. Then we play catch the moving toy. She tugs on it like a dog, shakes it like a dog, and fetches it. Then her other favorite toys are marbles! She LOVES to chase marbles (she has about a dozen scattered about) and in the middle of the night I hear her chasing and hitting the marbles. If one goes under a dresser or the fridge, she meows and meows until I get it out for her. we also play the hiding game. When we lock eyes, I quickly hide my eyes between a chair or my bed, and she sneaks up on me to lock eyes w me again. I hide my gaze and she jumps up on the bed to attack me playfully. She is SO much fun!
My cat Loki loved a rolled up piece of foil. Eventually I had to take it away from him because I noticed sparkly poop in the litter box. Oops!
Our ferret's favourite toy was our tabby, Loki.
My 7 month old Zaya loves to play. She likes most toys but she seems to prefer homemade toys. And she loves to play fetch!! My Meeka doesn't play with toys. But they both love the red dot from the laser toy! I have a video on my channel of my kitties and the red dot. ❣ 🐾🐱🐾❣
My cat loves feather toys the only problem is she trys to eat them to much
My cat tickles um well he likes to cuddle with only not anyone else and also he  rarely plays but when he does his rlly cute because hid cheeks give his cuteness away he is part British shorthair
I've spent lots of money on cat toys. Jack always winds up playing with the rubber band off the news paper. He doesn't chew it, he just bats it around until he's worn out or my wife makes me pick it up.
Get a cheap hollow plastic ball that is the same size as a table tennis ball. Cut it in half and it's the perfect shape and size for a cat to pick up in it's mouth. Start flicking it around and see if your cat will play fetch.
My cat is evil he plays with mice till they die then leave it alone
OMGosh  Laser toys...I always ended the game by putting the toy on the carpet to let HarryHat and sister MinnieCat watch the light go inside its house. Then they knew the game was over
I know it's been a long time but I'm still sorry for your loss of Hugh. I miss my Kewpie very much.
What if my dog plays with my cat? She would just be on the floor waiting for the dog to follow her, when she gets tired, she simply leaves. Is that ok?
my cats are very lazy But they still play!
My cat loves one of those plastic poppers, since its like a half ball it moves weirdly. He loves it!
My cat takes litterally anything, string,dust,ANYTHING! Its best. toy. EVER.
Best video in youtube
It was very easy to teach our cats to play with us directly and not damage us. As soon as they use their nails, stop, say ow! with a crying lilt in your voice,  and touch the paw that caused the problem. They learn very quickly. Now our cats even play rake (with their hind legs) our arms using only their pads when we tickle their belly. Same with biting: just stop moving (don't pull away) and say Ow!. Obviously it requires overriding your immediate response as well; pulling away from a claw or bite does more damage (to you) than just freezing. It makes play much more enjoyable for both of us rather than simply using a toy.
I always have played with my cats using my hands to teach them to be gentle with their teeth and claws. I teach them to be gentle by giving them a command as soon as they bite or use their claws and even more better if you can catch it before it happens. Once i know the cat understands the command i slowly stop using the command until it becomes second nature to the cat not to bite down hard or use their claws on humans.Reason why i do this is sometimes even thou you may watch them very carefully around kids, accidents do happen. So i've taught every cat i have owned to be gentle. If you do not introduce them to be gentle with hands, they will not learn how to be gentle when kids or stranger hands touching them.  \n\nAlso i suggest to put away any string or fishing rod toy that dangles in the air or any small toys when you can not watch your cat. Fishing toys can be dangerous too. I had one experience with my cat who love fishing toys. One day i was holding her fishing rod toy it in the air. She jump down from her cat tree running full speed and jump for the fishing toy and the rope accidentally wrapped around her front leg. I am glad when i felt the tug in my hand i let go. I could see her licking her front leg and shoulder blade for couple of minutes and shaking her front leg. I brought her to the vet just in case. Vet said nothing too serious with her leg. Probably just a slight pull but nothing to be concern about. However since that incident she never wants to play with any type of fishing rod toy, she runs away from that toy now.
My cat is partially blind. Any tips on how to play with a blind cat who has no access to the outdoors?
I tried to pet a cat once,  got like 10 scratches on my hand in like a sec...... The reason I prefer dogs.
I've stopped buying my cat toys bc she prefers balled up pieces of paper to play catch with. She recognises the sound of me balling up paper and gets ready to play. I love her, she's so playful :)
A laser pointer is neat in that it allows the owner to be lazy. Unfortunately it doesn't work with my cat: she watches the dot on the floor, then the hand waving the laser... and aims for that instead.\nHer favorite was a champagne cork: it rolles, bounces, and moves irraticaly. But my mom's dog destroyed that, so she plays with paper balls instead.\nI'll have to buy (and drink) champagne some day... It's for my cat's good!
My cat ate a bee what do I do?!?!
*I’m still alive, if anyone cares...*
this channel got 600k subs in 1 month, this proves that theres no secret to youtube, just good videos
I put this finger up 🖕
What if you grew young
In a box with dangerous insects
Who is the narrator ive heard him before I SWEAR
Man deadpool has nothing on Arnold
Have Arnold plunged into a tornado
I wonder if this is all just part of some revenge scheme for a person the creator *really* didn't like.
How do you made these awesome video?? Please tell
Wow almost 1mill this channel will blow up
1 week ago this channel has 100000+ Subcribers, and now...
What would happen if he was on mars
CAN ARNOLD BE SHOT IN THE LEG
so i guess this proves that jonah could have indeed survived for 3 days in the belly of that whale. even though there's no proof it WAS a whale, the sperm whale has been known to vomit on land what it can't eat.
What would happen if you stayed inside a sewer for 24 hours?  Narrator says Meet Arnold. Last time we put him inside a belly of a whale.Then a got sucked by a sewer vacuum. Now he is inside a sewer and the only way he can get out is a pipe. But the pipe was broken so he needs to walk for 24 hours to get out. Poor Arnold. Now he will decompose into mini Arnold's and probably be in the sewers for about a gogleplex and never get out. The end. Put your comments down below to tell Arnold where he is going to go next
Send arnol back to the dinosaur period
Sperm whales and seamen that's the sea of sex
how to survive on fire
They should make a game where we torture arnold
You die, end of story.
is it possible to survive a tsunami?
You could buy anything on this app, you could sell anything on this app....
He always loses a finger😂😂
*ARNOLD FINALLY SURVIVED AN EPISODE*
Huh maybe, Nah that can't be possible
Make a three thousand pound man land on him!
I swear one of these days I am going to save my own life by having seen these videos.
What if you.where stuck in the middle of the ocean
What if Arnold was exposed to the pressure of the deep sea?
hi arnold, hope you are ok after all that you have been put through. I just found your channel... loving it-- would love to follow on twitter if you have a page up ... when u have time to check when you are not being tortured by these animators ;) let me know, thanks!
Take him through hurricane Katrina to dry him off
You are getting too much subscribers but your channel is funny 😄
do Arnold in a missle
do arnold sinks to the bottom of the mariana trench next please
Wow your channel is growing fast!keep up the videos,i realy enjoy them
What drug's does Arnold take?
Love that Pinocchio and his father are in there making a nice little fire to keep warm hahaha
Next one:\nHow many likes can this get?
Bruh I swear to God he had 579K subscribers last night now he has 600K subscribers damn
IF YOU GET SWALLOWED ALIVE YOUR DEAD
One of my current favorite channels, gonna hit 1M soon
Was that dori and Nemo’s dad?
What if you got swallowed alive by a whale?\n\n\n\nThen ur screwed
Is the narrator john quinones 😱
Have Arnold fight a giant squid!
am I the only one thinking that WHY is there a time Under the video
Send arnold to the inside of a fat guys ass
next do swollowed whole alive by a shark!!!!!!!
do what if you in the middle of the ocean
Was waiting for this
Hit like if you saw spongebob
Deadpool will feel shame if he sees Meet Arnold
Do What If Crocodile Attacks? Pls because I want to see Arnold gets attacked by crocodile
He'll be back
who is from rabbit?
Send Arnold to a black hole
Im here before it goes viral just saying
Send him to volcano
Arnold you got 200 subs in 10 mins i think omg
I watched all of your videos and its funny ,I LOVE THIS CHANNEL!!
Wow 😮!! Amazing growth in such a short period of time
SeNd ArNoLD IntO mY ASs HolE wICh CaN ReaCh TemperAtUrEs Of 200 DeGreEs ceLsiUs
You'll drown or suffocate first, you won't burn
is it me or the creator of arnold is really savage against arnold (and im destroying the replay button
You are the best youtuber plase make lot of videos and congratulations for 500 k subs :-)
Why am i watching this
Spongbob!!what are you doing down theree😭your supposed to be making new shows for me and this is what your fucking doing😮😭😭😭im fucking disappointed in you!!!!!!💀
Send Arnold to a black hole
Send arnold to a giant tank of liquid nitrogen
Loveeee it make more vids 😊😊😊
Whales can't swallow humans.....
You soka
Send arnold to Bermuda triangle😁
Arnold in sahara nxt
I found Nemo!
Is that spongebob?
WTF? SPONGEBOB?!
whys your timer off?
MAKE MORE VIDS PLZ OMG
hey
Do a jungle
More
Send arnold to Hell
What if he becomes antimatter?
(SPACE)
you will die
Happy 600,000 subscribers!
What about Jonah?
Send arnold to hell
You look ded
lo prefiero en español
Сука хватит копировать!!!
Die of cancet
bruh your growing so fast.
Goodness gracious this channel grew fast.
ARNOLD AT CHERNOBYL
poor Arnold
#8 trending
Fly with a leaf blower
They're adults, they're screaming like little Georgies, I'm 13 and I'm quiet as giant pennywise
when I went to see it everyone was mostly laughing then screaming...there alot of funny parts.
It wasn't even that scary.it was more creepy then scary.
the movie wasn't even scary.
I’m twelve I watched and I only got jumped scared once and that’s when Beverly turned around and pennywise caught her
Wow fucking pussies, i would be so pissed if i was in this crowd, i want to enjoy the movie not your godamn screams, and the movie is not that scary
If people r 😱 scared why didn't they just leave 🤷🏾‍♀️
IT'S NOT EVEN THAT SCARY!!!
Na minha cidade quase ninguém tomou esses sustos no dia que eu assisti
im a good shet the movie  that i watched was 2-p[3iou[2ip3o1u2[8031824 coolrigt
Comment chart of this video :3\n\n80% saying the movie is not scary and that the vid is fake\n10% Comparing The two ITS\n5% random links.\n5% gay fucking shit thats being said
GUYS they are sooo scared because an clown(not the actual)came you can clearly see at 00:26
The movie produced an uneasy feeling through out, but wasn't scary in the sense of a slasher ghost film to be screaming like this (let's face it even those movies aren't scary at all) what I loved was that it didn't focus on jump scares. It had great character development, and this version the acting was great and focused a lot more on coming of age film (which I found refreshing) for such a creepy book. With some very creepy moments. Had a great mixture of heart mixed with horror. These people are trying way to hard and most likely didn't savor the film. Just focused on getting attention for themselves! If you all haven't seen this yet, go in with the mindset that you'll be watching a drama film, with wonderful acting and characters, with some creepy moments here and there.
WTF really?? The movie wasn't even scary. It was definitely entertaining, worth my money and time but it was no where near as scary as how they make out to be. Typical white girls screaming at everything.
IT was not scary at all like dafuq are they doin?
Jesus christ everyone at my theater didnt even FLINCH
honestly i loved the movie, but i was not scared ;__;
Lmao everyone in the cinema I was at was either quiet or laughing  tf
Im gonna see the movie\n*After the video*\nMan, fuck this shit im gonna download this from Internet
What's with the autistic crowd ?
I'm twelve and didn't scream once
I'd pay extra for a movie theater to have set balloon pops and physical thrills like this :D
funny if it was me I would have scream and then thrown my soda at him and tackled him
It's just the loud pussyass women screaming
The only creepy scene was the flute lady
It was not that scary....went home n slept like a baby lol but movie was good
We all float down HERE.\n\n\n\n\n\nYou'll float, TOO.
I swear to god if a nigga start screaming like a lil bitch at my theaters imma have to beat his ass
This movie was scary but these people are wussy lol.
the movie was amazing but not that scary. I flinched at a few jump scares but mostly i laughed cuz it was so funny. I don't think anyone in the audience screamed
Let me be he first to say that I saw the movie and it was actually really shIT.
It's not even scary 😂
I'm 7 and i w
Where i saw it no one screamed at all
Watched it today...it was shit...no plot...
Lmao this is so fake. When I went to see it, everyone was laughing at the way he runs, jumps, etc. Especially during the dance scene.
These white people are dumb
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I did not find this movie the least bit scary it was funny af. However, these reactions are true. People next to me in cinema kept screaming at every scene. Girls tend to get scared more easily I swear -.-
Does it show how he kills him ?
I haven't even watched it.... but this is on my recommended
At least make it look real
If someone sat infront of me whit a damn balloon they'd fucking float too
It would piss me right off if i had to sut through a film with that lot freaking out & screaming like that😩
Well, I guess my voice was the only thing you heard if you watched the movie with me... *Screaming like crazy*
I would hate to watch it with these people
Tbh it wasn't that scary
I'm the only one who will not see this movie 👍🏻👍🏻😭
dear god! that'show i felt when i saw the movie yesterday
The  it  movie was not scary what so ever more so comedic
Seen the film and the reaction was nothing like that.  This is way over the top!
Oh my God my little brother is 12 and he didn't scream or piss himself
It was a great film, but it wasn't that fucking scary
Mate. The only time a genuine and freaky reaction ever occurred in a movie theatre was when the exorcist was out.
25 seconds in you can see a clown scaring people at the back
I hope the movie is scary because I'm seeing this tomorrow and it will be my first time seeing a horror movie in theatres so I hope either a clown scares people in the theatre or the movie is really scary plus it is already scary because I hate clowns.
God, fuck you if hold a balloon up in the pictures.
The movie want even scary
You'll float too you'll float too you'll floats to You'll float too YOU'LL FLOAT TOOOOOO!
How are they screaming?! Like. The only time I screamed, was when I was laughing too hard.
The film was scary but it wasn’t to the point where I or anyone would audibly scream so either this is fake or they got a bunch of easily scared people and said we will pay you to see it
I think they were paid to scream.
Standard film over hyped money spinner this film wasn't one bit scary these audiences members must live sheltered lives to be scared of that shit
When I went to watch this movie last week,   there was at least 35+ people in the cinema and literally no one screamed. The movie isn't really scary just abit jumpy and really creepy.
Bruh the movie wasn’t even scary it was funny tbh
I'm 9 I watched it didn't jump
work at a IR for a minute and you get more experience of horror that that
Like ever other lame horror movie, this one used loud noises to make you jump, but it wasn't scary. It would have been a better movie if it wasn't trying so hard to be scary.
Can clearly see them look behond themselves. Obviously someone having to force a scare out of them
You do realize they are all screaming cause a clown is running round in the cinema. E.g. 27 seconds you can see a hand reaching out trying to grab someone.
Best thing I've seen in a while
Cinema full of pussies, looking at the audience in this film makes me want to reel back in fright, bunch of fugly cunts.
I mean I jumped a couple of times but that was it
sombody should of told them it's a 12a for fuck sake
great to know what a choreographed crowd of a premiering of the movie looks and sounds like
The get scared of my big black cock
I haven't yet seen the movie, but personally, I just don't think it will be scary. It may have a a few jump-scares and instense moments that leave you feeling anxious, but I doubt it's scary; although, I guess it does depend on the individual.
Watching this tomorrow for my birthday, I'm so excited, I'm actually hoping i shit my self 😆
I bet your watching this on your bed
Before they sleep : Shit I am going to have nightmares...
Wtf I admit it was a really scary film but calm the fuck down the whole cinema wasn’t screaming at the top of there voices this is a load of shit
Obviously none you know what the purpose of IT is. IT is not meant to be scary or have jumpscares. IT is suppose to completely freak you out and make people go home to not be completely scared, but more aware and to have nightmares. Movies nowadays has got it stuck in peoples head that since it's a horror movie it has to be scary and it has to have jumpscares, but what IT does is totally separate from any other horror movies out there and that is that IT makes you wonder and the crew knows that the unknown is this scariest thing to alot of people. Just wanted let most you guys know what IT was created for, the director and creator of IT says this.
Either this is fake or the people in the vid are the biggest pussies ever
You'll float down here if your either supernatural or lighter than water
It wasn't this scary lol
IT - Full 2017 * https://plus.google.com/102944905970659999676/posts/erMMKc1qLZf
It wasnt so scary WTF pus****
Overreacting
White people
Over exaggerating peeps
Fuckoutahere
wasn't that scary tbh lol, Amazing film nonetheless.
People are pathetic
que pendejos estan estos
This lying dude is back
Fake af
Wimps.
It is spooky!
BEST MOVIE OF 2017
Vja https://youtu.be/wHTOUnwGIms
People always worked up on how other people use their money. BRUH!! It's not your money!
I'm curious why Alessia isn't in a crib yet, and why she isn't able to do what average babies her age are that I care for and have raised? She isn't pushing up on hands and knees, she cannot sit up alone, her stroller makes her lay down, can she even roll over? Itsn't my business maybe, but Is that just normal for Europe. Please no hate guys. I'm not a unicorn mom I promise.
OMG.  O MG.    He is done for...
That boy needs to take a corner  for a while  that isn't  even funny.i would be so up sit with that boy.
Jonathon did not tell Eduardo off enough then! He'll just do it again 🙈
Situacion, is actually how we pronounce in french Anna.
Food looks amazing.\nOh gosh over make-up disaster.... What did Anna say?\nAnna keep it real... You are great. You can tell baby girl gets plenty of attention because of her smiles and excitement when you speak to her. Amazing smiles.
I love Anna! You're an amazing mom! 😙
LOL JONATHAN TRYING TO CLEAN THAT WITH MAKEUP WIPES. Omg lol. Noooo soak it in water and then laundry detergent probably!!!! What a Man's decision!! Love it
Please tell me you got all that make up off of the cover, this stresses me!! 😲
Hey Anna, About the breast milk: it contains all sorts of good stuff for your baby ;)\nImmunoglobulins, which are compounds that 'catch' foreign substances in your body, but also good bacteria from YOU. Through these compounds you can make your baby more resistant to diseases you're also resistant agains at the moment. ;) Jus thought I'd share this. Thought you might find it interesting^^
I think 6 is a good year to have your first sleepover
Anna don't worry about the keyboard warriors! You and Jonathan are amazing and the fact your children are SOooooo happy proves that! Xxx
I cringed so hard when he started to wipe the throw with the make-up wipe...It only made it worse!!
The thumbnail looks like you are going to eat the baby...
I'm pregnant with my second baby boy now and I've been saying the same thing, I want to keep him in baby grows as long as I can. I dressed my first little boy up too quickly and felt he grew up too fast. I want to keep this baby a baby for as long as I can 😂 I get what you mean 100%
I know many people say she looks like Emilia but  see Eduardo
What's the song at the beginning? :)
I was away from the UK travelling this year and I was so surprised to come back this month and find that the £1 had changed to what Emilia got from the tooth fairy! A cross between a Euro and a £2 coin!
Okay so i'm not a Mum for like another couple of years but I just have to say something here. Your comments are just so annoying and disrespectful! Ever thought about that: Emilia had her birthday not only on one day but over a couple of days, she got presents every day and everyone sang to her and all the attention from all the other kids and adults was on her (and probably on Alessia as she is still a baby)! So he did not have to understand that Emilia has a special day but apparently she has so many special days. And then she looses a tooth where there was probably plenty of talking and showing and admiration from others about and Emilia got visited by a fairy and it was not about Eduardo either. Keeping in mind that when it was Eduardo's birthday they just had a baby so he probably had to share all the attention from every familiy member or party guest. AND HE IS ONLY THREE YEARS OLD! Give them a break! They are just trying to show Eduardo that they love him all the same, even if he is now a middle child.\nOn another note, I used to get one present on my sister's birthday as well and the other way round. I am now 20 years old and I do not have any problems with accepting when something is just for my sister. Every parents make their own choices and know what's best!
Of course, Eduardo HAD to have a coin too 🙄
Awe such a cute video💗💗, just wished we saw Anna's reaction!! 😅❤️
Can't wait for the telling our children the tooth fairy, unicorns and Santa aren't real :O
Where's alessias coin then?? If Eduardo gets one for no reason surely all her siblings should
i know you guys can parent how you like to,i just feel as though giving a coin to eduardo aswell took away that special moment for emilia, and gives eduardo the impression that he will receive something from the tooth fairy aswell when emilia looses another tooth. i just dont think that type of milestone should be taken away from emilia or eduardo now that he has already received something from the tooth fairy, when it wasnt his tooth. \n\nsorry if this sounds mean, thats not my intention. just sharing my thoughts on the situation. x
Aww the tooth fairy note🍬you are great parents.
I wanted to see Anna's reaction when she had found out about the bed throw haha.. ❤️
I absolutely adore the sacconejolys and have been watching for 3 years but why did eduardo get a coin when he hasnt lost his tooth i think it will just make his moment of his first tooth not as special xxx no hate
When babies have cold symptoms and runny poop is usually means they could be teeting so that's why it's seems like their getting sick but not😌
So sweet!!!  UH, OH!!!  I think that Eduardo is in a bit of trouble!!!   XOXO from Eagle Rock, CA
I absolutely love watching your videos and honestly I hate even partially scrolling down the comments section because 90% of it is teenagers thinking they know everything about parenting and telling you both how to look after your kids and it makes me so annoyed. Don’t feel like you have to justify yourselves to those people, clearly you’ve raised 2 beautiful kids and are about to raise another so everyone else’s opinion is irrelevant xxxxx
That's some nice shade blending on his eyebrows 😂
J... A must have it's called shout it out fabric stain cleaner or any similar product in the U.K. Yes  you're s dead man walking!! 🤣 too bad we won't see that in the Vlog.. darn! 😆 yay poopy diaper under the table 👍🏻 real life.
don't leave makeup where kids can reach
Allesia looks so grown up when she’s sat up in the bed in her new outfit. My heart literally melted😍💖❤️
It's so sad that people try to bring your family down. Of course you don't vlog every minute of your life.
Dear Scallywag can you please flag me so I don't see your videos coming up in my feed. Reason being, I have no interest in your videos. Thanks 👍
Having a cough for too long can be a sign of Asthma, because I had a cough for more than a year and it turns out I had asthma 😕
You need to get fur cut all around the dogs eyes he CNT see a bloody thing x
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
They have the cutest kid!!!
Eduardo isn’t gonna be happy he’s not got legal tender with his old £1
I liked the video!
Yes! “Situación” is situation in Spanish ☺️
Jonathan, I laughed out loud when you told Wardo he'd have to live somewhere else... mommy loves that throw more than she loves daddy.... so funny. I cringed as you pulled the wipe to clean. Vacuum it next time lol coz you know there's gonna be a nest time. Too funny.
When I saw Eduardo's face: 😂😂😂\nWhen I saw Johnathan's face: 😅😅\nWhen I saw the throw: 😰\nAnd When I saw where the makeup came from: 😨😱💀
Anna is a beauty. ❤️ and hilarious!
Helena is amazing. You guys are lucky to have her. When we love our pets so much it's hard to find someone we can totally trust but she seems wonderful and like she truly loves and cares about the dogs.
You were perfectly right saying situaciones and explosiones in spanish!😊✌️✌✌
Mommy loves that throw more than she loves daddy \nI JUST DIED😂😂
Who else thinks that Anna is an amazing mum 💖 she also looks absolutely stunning 😍
How are you going to see Me tomorrow? More like I'll see You tomorrow
Even if you don't have kids, you can understand how it is to have them. Example nieces, nephews, God children.. Family friends. I hate how parents a lot of you have this higher attitude of if you don't have kids you don't understand I.e.  \nThat's ignorant and assuming.
Jonathan! Don't RUB! You're rubbing it INTO the throw! DAB!
I love you guys, I really do. But I honestly feel bad for Emilia. It was HER tooth, HER special moment, not Eduardo's. I am sure she will not get a coin when Eduardo looses his first tooth. I think Eduardo should understand that he can't get everything Emilia gets all the time, she has her moments and he has his moments. It is SO unfair for Emilia.
Eduardo did not lose any teeth , he did not deserve money.. that's the whole thing about the tooth fairy, its for kids who lose their teeth.. they are just confusing him and his sister as Emilia knows that the tooth fairy gives money to kids that lose their teeth... i think they did it so he didn't feel left out, the same to when they give Eduardo a gift on Emilia's birthday. its not fair.. he just needs to learn that its not his birthday so he doesn't get gifts, he didn't lose teeth, so you get no money. and his time will come. its Emilia's special days not Eduardo , Eduardo got money but he didn't lose his tooth - Emilia lost a tooth, Eduardo gets a gift on his sister's birthday, its not his birthday its Emilia's birthday..
Okay,  I just have to say...  You really should consider what people are commenting about Eduardo.  I never go out of my way to write a negative comment but this is really bothering me, as well as a lot of other people I've noticed after reading their well-meaning comments.  Eduardo really does seem to be becoming spoiled rotten.  It's getting really hard to watch these videos anymore because I cannot stand to watch his bad behavior.  And then seeing him always get unnecessary rewards like him getting a coin for Emilia's lost tooth.   I felt so bad for Emilia,  you really could see the confusion on her face,  and the smugness on Eduardo's.  I wonder what she thought when he got a coin as well, which you are only supposed to get for losing your own tooth, which he did not.  You just didn't want him to get upset.   I'm sorry but what is that?  What is that teaching him?  I really pray that you stop allowing this to continue and that it doesn't come back to bite you (or others) in the future.  Yes he is little now, but if nothing changes he's likely to become an arrogant adult, manipulating everybody in his life,  because he wasn't taught properly as a child.  There's already enough of those people in this world and this is how it all starts.   It just infuriates me.  And it might do you good to consider why an overwhelming amount of people are noticing and commenting the same things, instead of calling them crazy.   It's of true concern.  You're no better than the rest of us.
Eduardo, you are going to have to live in someone else's house...lol! OMG, the throw...and worse, the ruin of the Modern Renaissance Palette. Please let us see/hear about Anna's reaction!!! Hilarious!!!!
Anna don't worry about what people say. My first child was weened on everything organic and fresh, my second, mostly wotsits and magnums!  Don't sweat it! You do you!
Mommy loves this throw more than mommy loves daddy. - I laughed out loud with this one. 🤣
Yep, explosiones and situaciones are actual words in Spanish and you're using them perfectly Anna 😂
I would've loved to see Anna's reaction to Eduardo's art! Lol
So did ya'll discipline him or just laugh about it like what was on video? Jonathan you are too easy on the kids when they act up by laughing and chasing them around.
The moment would've been way more special if Emilia didn't have to share it with Eduardo. It truly became their moment instead of Emilia's! Now when it's Eduardo then it'll be nothing new and special.
Why did Eduardo get something? He's never going to learn at this rate
This is hilarious 😂
Put some shaving cream for the duvet. Rub it in first then throw in the washer.
The song at the beginning is so beautiful. Does anyone know the name of it?
I would love to have seen  Anna's  reaction to  Eduardo  destroying her   Make-up
This is so adorable i can't handle their cuteness <3
Not the modern renaissance palette! Ive never cringed so hard 😂😂😂
Not the Modern Renaissance palette D:
try not to cringe challenge while watching Jonathan try and get rid of the stain
My face though when Jonathan opened the eyeshadow pallet :0
That dog in the car looked ridiculous!!
Hahaha Eduardo you are going to have to go live in someone else's house! Bahahaha my stomach hurts from laughing so much. This vlog was wonderful, but I wish we could have seen Anna's reaction to the throw Situationes
When I saw the modern renaissance pallet something in me died I swear then he opened it and I thought oh know Eduardo you're dead ahahaha
Beautiful, thank you for sharing
I was hoping to see Anna reaction to that make everywhere lol
These vlogs are so real, makes me love them even more:)
Emilia is so sweet. omg Eduardo with the makeup. Lol what a mess. Alessia is such a cutie. Obviously we don't see everything, I don't get why people think they know it all. Hope you are all having a good weekend. <3
Shame the limelight was taken away from Emilias moment by Eduardo - he will get his own moment one day. You use the words he will get upset far too much. He's going to find the real world very tough if he thinks he gets everything he wants constantly and is never disappointed. You can't protect them from that all the time sadly, if only you could.
both anna & jonathan are so amazing at engaging with their audience whilst talking to a camera! feels like they're standing right in front of me, comes so naturally to them ❤️
There was so much Anna sass in this vlog and I love it. You tell 'em, Anna. There are no perfect people out there. Also, my heart might have broken a little seeing what Eduardo did to the Modern Renaissance palette and Anna's throw. It might be time to teach that boy about brushes. 😂
Omg Anna Alessia is absolutely gorgeous so chilled a reflection of you for being such a good mum xx💖
I just love how people get all up in Anna's grill like they were invited to the barbeque. Mind your own business. Anna is doing a great job as a mother of three and both she and Jonathan are giving all three children the attention they need. \nIt's just that sometimes, a toddler needs a little more attention because they actually run around and could get in trouble, which a baby cannot do. I'm positive Anna knows what she's doing and does not need to justify her parenting.\nStay in school kids!
Wooo you’re trending!!!!
NOT THE MODERN RENAISSANCE THO WARDO 😫😂
Situación Haha! You pronounced it right!
Bloody Eduardo aye
Hey guys!
Alessia is soooo cute
14:21 OMG HOW IS SHE SO ADORABLE
AWWWWWWWWWWW THIS IS SO CUTEEEEEEEEE
OMG Anna's palette...............
Anna your amazing
Unicorn Moms! 😂👍🏼 Awesome!
That toof!!!!
I can only imagine what Anna's reaction was!!! 😰😱
My little boy is 5 months old and his been in 6-9 clothes for about a month now. He’s growing so quickly 😓
Had some issues uploading this one so sorry it was another day late, thank you all for the support, it means the world!\n\nFOLLOWING BACK ON INSTAGRAM TO CELEBRATE! -> http://instagram.com/killemftw
Spent the night in your parents/friends house without telling them XD.
What about you stay a night under moons bed with her knowing you there
Very slick on Moon's face reveal!
Imagine getting a boner while doing that
Spend the night underwater, with scuba gear
When moon did the countdown when she got to 0 an ad played -.-
Spend a night in a forest
You sir are a crazy basturd....  love ya man...  No homo...
spend the night in the toy train
spend a night in me mom
“I’m the pickle”
Please stay safe❤ like so he can see
This happened to be in a wet dream
stay in a hammock hanging from a cell tower
He has no friends so his mom has to record him
Spend the night in a portable loo
Spend the night in a ball pit
Try spend a night at home!
Spend the night on a toilet
Live off of 25$ for 12 hours
What?! His name is Thomas
Spend the night under your bed cover sheet I mean and blocked off with stone and no supplies
When your mom goes to help with the breakdown, robber comes, steals everything in your house and greets you on his way out. 😂
You should duck tape your body for 12 hours
Spend the night in the forest
Spend the night in public toilets 🚽🚽🚽💩💩💩
I was eating co co pops in a BAG and also licking Nutella from the JAR whilst watching this😂
Spend the night in an elevator
Did he say the f word?!
Pls prank moon your dieying on the next challenge
PLSSS SPEND THE NIGHT IN A STORE
I thought she would be like a blonde
hi I like all of your I mailed my self video and that
You walk into your room and this happens
he is hot. man with accent is so hot 😍😘🔥
I spent the night on a kids toy bus ride
Spend a night on a roller coaster
You should rent a boat and spend the night in it
Tesco near me this never 😂
I spent the night in my bed and it was normal
Spend the night inside of Moon.
This video made my eyes grow limbs and burrow out of my head. They moved to an deserted island in the Philippians because they lost hope in humanity
Spend a night in a cage
Spend the night in a box fort outside
Watch u from Hungary , come over once lets do some crazy staff over here , by the way u do great video s keep it on
i yawned at the same time
His mom is da best 😂😊
Spend the night on a bouncy house on the lake or river
Spend the night in a storage unit.
do some more mail yourself videos!!!
Spend the night on Ben Nevis
Best one so far!
I thought Moon would be blonde tbh
OMG THAT'S ONE OF MY LOCAL TESCO!
You and Moon are so good together! She is so funny. I genuinely smile and laugh at you two! Love yall!
Like for the pickle
Spend the night in a bed
Spend the night on the street homeless with no food no water no sleeping bag and he had to find warmth so he can see how hard it is😜😜🔥🔥💪🏽💪🏽❤️❤️
When you had moons scarf on you looked like jesus 😂
Spend the night hand cuffed with moon for 24 hours for one million subs so we can see her face and get a good video. Like if you guys agree
well.. it is normal. right up to the blue plushie.
It sounded fun, being duct taped to a wall? We are very different.
Spend the night in a sewer like if you agree
Spend the night at my house
Sleep the night on the street
😂😂😂😂😂😂
U crazy bro
5 more thousand! Cmon thomas
I skipped. Whatcha gonna do now?
Moon is awesome
theyre cute
wtf
Pizza
Pickel rickkk...!
normal day for killem lol
Move over pickle rick we got pickle killem now
PICKLE RICK
Your really brave ❤ subscribe to meee plz eveyeone x
OMG I love Moon 😂😂
wtf
Kill em = pickle rick
omg!! this video is soo funny!!!!!!! hahahaha!!!!!!
This guy
Lol
Heres moon http://www.imgrum.org/media/1402490963716377279_4105064912
Trend a bit late
Stop putting misleading titles please otherwise raggedy dan is gonna bum ya
@KILLEMFTW
Couple goals!!!
Sleeping a water slide
SO FUNNY😀😀😀😀😀
Skipped it all
Pickle rick!!
Plus killem, u desperately need some merch! #plug
OMG ITS JESUS!!!!!😱😱😱
Pickle rick
NUMBER 47 ON TRENDING
Get kid nappies not adult nappies
Moon is so funny 😂😂😂💋
Kim needs to F-out of kourtneys airtime always wants the attention on her
Can we just let her talk?! 😂😂 😂
If Scott would truly get his life together..and be a Man, and if he stopped messing around with 19 year olds maybe he and Kourtney would have a Chance 🤔
Scott is funny as hell..
I looooooove dt scott put kim anytin 4 attention'' kardashian west in her place... The relationship is not healthy but u guys still got chemistry pls comebk togeda plssss
typical....men always want u when its too late
i mess wit scott heavy, hes a thorough white boy
Am I the only one who appreciated Scott's interrupting Kim to tell her to let Kourtney speak for herself. I thought that was awesome! The fact that someone had to tell Kim that baffles me.
Scott's too nice, leave her and find someone who will love you entirely
Actually cute how Scott stepped in and was like  can we just let her talk for a minute can def tell he still loves her. That was really cute and you can see she appreciated it
Scott and Kourtney look real good here 🔥
People this was filmed months ago they are co parenting and are both seeing other people ...........
Kim does not like scott therefore you won't be playing your games with her sisters . There you go for all the stupid people who can't read between lines
#GottaLoveScott
shout out for scott shutting down kim hahahaa
the only people they each will ever love is each other and i feel sorry for anyone who comes after in each of their lives because theyre merely there to fill a hole but these two will eventually be together again ; you can see theyre both still so in love with one another
Scott has the most amazing eyes!
Scott just needs to lay off the cocaine.
it's so true though, once you've been in a toxic relationship for a while you almost fall in love with the drama because it becomes the most overwhelming thing in the relationship and it's really hard for both people to go back to normalcy after that.
Who managed to spot lily and joslyn in the audience too cuz same 😂
Kourtney and scott are a cute couple.
they will get back together trust me they are just waiting to sign a millionaire contract to shoot life of kourtney and scott ...
Kortney wins the meddle for never being triggered. She remains so calm lol
i so love kourtney since the beginning
Okay so they look so hot right now
He is now with sofia richie, ew
This 2 are still in love you can tell 💓
I hate all their voices
God I think Scott is so hot!!!
scott is so hot .But she seems like a nag
Scott is hilarious!😂I'm glad he stood up for Kourtney in telling Kim to let her talk.
they should get back together for real!!  😢
that dress was so gross. ew
scott looks healthy and I'm happy for him
No one is going to address her .... breasts?
They both are so sexy , and have adorable children , too bad they can't get their s--- together to make it happen . Growing up is hard to do , making babies is the easy part ...
I love them together.💔
Scott is dating Lionel Richie's teenage daughter
quem é scott disick?  um mauricinho babaca que se aproveitou da fama da kourtney.
look at dos cheeks to rub the meat on ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
SCOTT IS SUCH A DOUCHEBAG
Scott shut Kim up with the quickness 👏👏👏
The way he shut kim up was amazing!!
Scott Disick is the best
That hoe gonna come back when she want to have another baby. Y'all know he aint nothing but a walking sperm bank to her anyways
Where can we watch the full interview?
Scott so cute as he ages
I think that they have such a genuine love and connection with each other but, Scott has probably hurt Kourtney way too many times that although she wishes he'd change..she knows it's never going to happen. I honestly haven't seen anyone make Kourtney laugh and smile, and bring out a different side to her like Scott can. They are so different but there's so much love there. I believe that Scott has no real direction and his energy is misguided. He's a grown man and still hasn't matured yet! I don't believe he's found the therapy he's honestly needed. He needs someone like Tony Robbins to coach him honestly and I can see Scott transforming. Once he's found who he is and learns to become whole within himself, and learns how to be in a monogamous relationship, who knows what could happen. I loved them when they were together though.
Lmao It is true what he says. He treats her nice and she gets bored and it happens so women like the bad guys i have done that and i get dumped when i am too nice
Scott shut Kim all the way down 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
Scott is cute to look at, but when he opens his mouth- its like STFU.
FAKE tit family. They all have FAKE boobs, lips, and butts
When They called out Scott Kourtney moved because she wasn't right there
Now Scott found a new girl to date
Kour is classy!!! She's the best Kar
I love how real Scott keeps it 😂 definitely my all time favorite person on the show
I use to hate Scott Lol. But I think they r so cute together
Wow. He's not lying. That's how men get us sometimes. I'm happy she's moved on.
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Thank you Scott for shutting KIM the transvestite up !
Scott is sick of Kim I'm sure
As much as I dislike these folks, I think this one is the most normal of the bunch. She looks natural and normal and a bit like me. And it's true that women are attracted to broken guys. Especially women like her who grew up seeing nothing but dysfunction.
Man this is so awkward do I need to watch it 😂😂😂
Scott is telling the true and she hate that shit😒we all know she fell in love the fucked up Scott not the Good Scott👎
Scott: I try to fcuk once a week. \nLmao I believe him too 😂😂😂
KUWTK actually sems interesting for once after watching this
theres still something there for sure it shows the way they looked at eachother
I relate to Kourtney.. She is the oldest and realist of the bunch. Watching her family woes playout seems more realer than anyone else on the show.
She looks great especially after having all those kids :)
Why do you ask them theese questions? It's personal, you can see on Kourtney that she was not so happy about it. RESPECT PRIVACY!!
I've always thought Kourtney was the prettiest one, even at her shadiest annoying moments. She is strikingly gorgeous and doesn't need to try. She's a natural, but with fake boobs 😂
Seriously?
Only clicked for her boobs
Scott Disick is a wanker. Why are they laughing and patting him in the back for his bad behaviour ?  He abandoned his kids & kourt a hundred times to get drunk and sleep around. Now he is sleeping with Sofia Ritchie who he watched grow up as kylies friend. Its disgusting.
Scott is right he is telling the truth💪
Why do minorities lead prostitution and destruction of morals??!
scott is nigga in a white persons body
Nice tits!
Lol what happened  to Kris Jenner 0:02-0:08 😆
Scott looks high AF
Aww scott
Kourntney &Scott  they are so cute together  😍
Crackhead
Scott looks happier
Hahahaha scottttt
GRADEAUNDERA *loves* this lot..\nThe Kardashians..\nLol... https://youtu.be/_qu3F3cZjC4
Kourtney is so pretty
Get back together!!!!!!!
Awkward
Shes so hot
Lord Disick
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=112849
Scott shut kim down boi
Lool
Omg i love scott lmao
scott is hilarious
At like 0:20-0:23 Kourtney looked somewhere
1:12
Woow Kourtney is gorge😍
Scott is handsome..
Continue the simulation by entering the Kurzgesagt Reality: https://youtu.be/tlTKTTt47WE
And on the seventh day, Programmer pressed Run.
+Vsauce3\nYo ummm I have a widows peak as you do and I am gonna go bold pretty quick, what should I do. I'm guessing you have the same problem lmao
I was about to watch this video twice until I realized both videos claim the other is part 2. That has to mean something.
Slow down your speech, sounds like you're rushing a bit
in inspiration from your video game themed vids i would love to see one on an in depth look to what would happen if sub zero froze you
so the world DOES revolve around me. nice
Fake realities create fake humans? So that's why people act so fake all the time
Don't have proof
So, we could be a simulartion, inside a simulation, inside a simulation? (get the reference?)
I'm not stoned enough for this
Bugs are real, so this must be simulation.
I love videos that make me have existential crisis
4:31 You mean like a Masturbation Simulator?
Look in to Ed Fredkin, Donald Hoffman.. But Especially Tom Campbell here on YouTube and in their publishings for more on the subject! Consciousness is the computer
I like the kind of Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy approach to this video. Well done.
Well that made me depressed.
If I'm in a simulation then the number Pi is in a simulation, if Pi is infinite then the computer that is running this simulation needs to have infinite memory, making this world impossible to simulate.
What game is at 1:42?
you dont make much sense and often contradict yourself for the sake of making money.\n\nthink of the world still expanding means, taht it is still laoding\n\nwhen VR gets closer to reality the border starts to blue\n\nall this stuff makes no sense, especially as a child, if you are an intelligent one
both videos are part one and part two
so if a tree falls in the woods with noone there to hear it, it really doesn't make a sound!
So we are in simulation world ? Okay so there is no wrong and right  i will go and kill anyone i see infront of me cause you know they will respawn
If we live in a simulated reality, then only your own existence in this simulation is conscious and real, and me or anyone else to you is just another non-conscious scripted NPC. \n\nSo, nope. Why would i have seen such a video breaking my understanding of the simulation?\n\nOnly explanation: humans are often bored and come up with different ideas.
When you go to sleep you log out of the simulation and the dream is the real world.
Love the channel and edits! Thanks for the quality production.\nBut hearing Michael's cadence in another voice is really screwing with my head.
The moment you realize Ubisoft and EA made our simulation.....sad times man
this guy is trying to justify being a psychopath
Best trip I ever had without drugs.
I think, that if we would live in such a elaborate simulation as the world we live in - there would be rules stopping us from starting to think of it as a simulation.
If we were really simulated why would the creators make us think that we are simulated?
basically Descartes with a small twist 400 years late
Cool vid. I'd love to know your thoughts on existential suffering, especially with your recent brushes with cancer
But where are the glitches? Where are the people stuck in floors and rocks?
Calling it right now...\nthisi si going to be on YOUTUBE REWIND
You know, I've always had thoughts that humanity is simulated. But it doesn't matter if it's a simulation, this is the life I know and there is no changing the fact that this could be a simulation, may as well just live your life as you want. If our simulated bodies have free will then this is in a way reality for us, we make our own decisions and that is what I think is important. Like I said a few sentences ago, it doesn't matter if we have free will or not, this is our life and world.
Love the discussion, but this presenter is absolute cookie cutter of the highest order. It dime a dozening
No mention  of Terry schott's series the game? It is a great series based around this theory to a point. Very interesting if you like this topic
This simulation: I eat a pie.\nNext Simulation: I eat 2 pies\nThird Simulation: I eat 3 pies\nFourth Simulation: I eat 4 pies, and 5 bananas.\n\n\nSIMULATIONANITI CONFIRMED
You're in a simulation of a simulation within another damn simulation
wouldn't the simulation make sense in regarding how subatomic particles react differently when they are being observed versus not observed ? could that not tie into the the whole rendering idea based on the video game computer idea . that only what is real is what we are actually seeing at any given time ? and could not the possibility of parallel universes be explained as parallel simulations ?
So, When I plan to do Something and then forget about it, thats God Canceling my Action?
what role would religion plays in this simulation?
At 2:06 who else thought he was going to try to walk through the wall?
Even if we were simulated, it wouldn't really change anything. Reality is subjective, as suggested by the video, and it really doesn't change the idea of creation. We were all still created and brought into existence by a higher power whether it would be God or the Universe. Only this time we would get some insight as to who is this higher power. So I would not call our existence fake but more like an extension of existence.
Hey Jake, how are* you doing?
You could just open your third eye.
Good thing I know I'm real
We might being simulated in order to charge a battery of some sort of spaceship... Who knows...
“the most meaningful day of your life was a simulation operating at minimum capacity”
This can drive people crazy
When you continue thinking this way you eventually get to turtles all the way down or nested Russian dolls. It becomes no different than believing in a God that programmed everything. Meh!
https://youtu.be/K4rCzA8fS84\nLemmino made an amazing video talking about this same thing if you are still curious
Love these kind of theories!
5:50 Just like this one Guy in The Matrix, which wanted to lose his memories about reality to live in the Matrix again
Please make the next video on dimensions which are hard to imagine!
It's memes all the way down boys
see you guys on halloween
Actually it's not a simulation due to lack of possible motivation of higher species to simulate such a place, if they wanted place for themselves they would make it much more heavenly, aka. without pain/fear/hunger and other flaws. That leaves only option why it would be created, this being a punishment facility however taking awareness of the crime away from the subject of punishment would defeat the purpose in nearly all instances. Contrary to current popular belief simulation theory could be disproven by proving a: universe/multiverse/intertwined combination is infinite and timeless which becomes more than likely with every new discovery or b: There is no such thing as smallest/elemental particle to which again history seems to point.(infinity goes towards infinitely small as well) With discovery of every smallest/elemental particle the scientific community was corrected afterwards by new generation of scientists/technology.
If this is true, then the developers of this game must get tired of watching me rub one out
not only do I only exist in your world because you are reading this, but I would still exist if you didn't read this because you caught a quick glance at it scrolling by. Before this I didn't existed in your world and neither of us can prove I did because neither of us knew the other existed. But how do I know you exist if you don't already exist in my world with no return of interaction?
Simulated or real, no one can discover the origin of everything/ creator of everything, because as soon as you do that, question arises, how did the creator/origin come into existence. So, it wouldn't matter if we are simulated or not.
I don't understand. So whats real? Everything and nothing. It doesn't answer my question, it's just another universal wormhole theory. What if the life that we're living right now is actually just being alive? woooooow
Please take this statement with a grain of salt and DO NOT TRY\nif you agree to the term and conditions tap read more\n\nIf you really want to know if you are in a simulation or not kill yourself
2:48 Kevin and Jake cutouts in the background
anyone else want to kill themselves just out of curiosity after watching this?
Ah, time for my next existential crisis.
The real cave was the friends Socrates made along the way
Hi jake duos that mean, that the computer could predict how would the humanity and the universe will go on until the end in a matter of time, could that be possidle? (I mean if it can predict whut hapend back in time so in the same way it will predict what happend after thay  turn on the computer in a case of a fast running simulator (that if i onderstand right it won't  de a problem)) (sorry for English)
People are talking about  existential crises and how their minds are blown. But actually, this whole simulation theory is a waste of time. There are plenty of other aspects of the human condition that should merit an existential crisis, like: war or the inevitability of death. I know simulation theory is intriguing but I sincerely think this particular topic is too much of an irrelevant distraction for intellectuals.
(Sigh) When you spend a semester studying Plato’s Republic, and someone tries to summarize the Cave Allegory in less than time than it takes to chain a bunch of people up and cast shadows in front of them... feelsbadman
I hope it's not programmed by Bethesda.  At any moment something small could fly off a shelf and kill me, or I might step on my pillow and suddenly my leg snaps in 3 places and the pillow rockets into orbit.
what if the real world has a lot more details than ours and our physics with all the particles were easy to simulate? we can't know
well
only GOD CAN JUGE
welp time to kill myself
Mind blown
Kricksgezaggt?
Oh dear...
Its the illuminati...
INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE A SIMULATION
Only one problem we've never experienced lag (witch I guess u could say we wouldn't notice or the computer could be good ig)
I hope the guy who QC'd my code has been fired and there's a tech team working on a firmware update to be released SOON! I'm still using an S5 and searching for a job....ugh. Hate my life, uhh hem, my program.
This doesn't make sense to me. All of this stems from the assumption that reality has already surpassed where we are in time and is in the distant future where making simulations like this is possible. Which seems like a stretch.
Cool. I might be a CPU!
Thanks for the info
How do you overflow the memory
But can we backwards long jump to go up stairs really fast & go through walls?
How can both videos be part 2.
But how can you experience a simulation if you are a simulation? There is nothing to experiencing anything.
What about animals?? LOL
You are not vsauce
Mind blow
I love hentai
Yes.
A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside a simulation
wwhat if jake is Kurzgesagt
Kurzgesagt!!!!!!!!
Super cool to think about
If we were a simulation, our creators would not allow us to believe this world is a simulation.
This is shit. I only came here to see X and he’s not even in this stupid video stick to being Miley’s sister
Who's here for X
It's gonna get big!!!
i just came here for x and he's voice is amaziiiing in this song
Just listened to that because x
wtf is this xxx, its so good wtf
Wasn't expecting that from X
Playing this *again and again*
XXX brought me here but props to the video producer.
This song makes me wanna roam a grave yard in a fur coat past midnight.
Noah, you're beautiful. Don't listen to the comments that say otherwise.
Lyrics in the description
This ain’t the x I know
Who the fuck is she?
Most people clicked on this cause it said xxxtentacion lmao
This song is earworm to me
Yassss bitch I love this so much😭🤤
This is a really good song.
I actually like this not usually my type of music but this is good 💁
this song is well-produced! love it
I only came her because i see ft XXXTENTACION
I repeat this song again babe again
Good Song but using someone else's lyrics (very smiliar) ain't original, check out the of OG who had similar lyrics  https://youtu.be/CfihYWRWRTQ
I came her for XXX
She look like a ducked up version of Cher
I've been listening to this on repeat since it came out, love this so much💕❤
I know I shouldn't compare artists but this sounds like a song Lana Del Rey would sing tbh😍
I like that x is 19, and she's only 17... Youth talent bruv 👌😭🔥🔥
If you’ve never seen X before, he looks nothing like what you thought he looked like.
having X in your song is the new market view count technique lol
her voice is ear piercing horrible
WHY IS THIS SO GOOD OMG
X looks like a fucking alien right now that's why he ain't on the video
WHERE IN THE FUCK IS xxxtentacion
this girl is bomb..I know this is off subject but if you all could please visit my link please and share if you can please and thank you.\nhttp://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=30408
is xxxtentacion singing here or what?
You sound just like Miley! You're such a mini her
wanted to see X 😫in the music video! But the song 😍👌🏼
Surprised at how much i love this
*1:35** HOLD ON THIS NIGGA X? I KNOW HE DOING HIS SOFT SHIT BUT THAT AIN'T X, HIGH-KEY DON'T SOUND LIKE HIM, AND THIS CYRUS CHICK LOOKING LIKE A GOTH SQUIDWARD WITH A PITCHY ASS VOICE, SHE GO TO A SOLID TONE THEN BOOM A PITCHED TONE HIGHER THAN HER REGULAR TONE IN A MIDDLE OF THE WORD. FUUUUUCK*
trash as usual, nothing to expect from this generation but I do love the fact Noah is making music, Keep grinding :) you kinda sexy
WAS THAT HIM SINGING?!?!?!?!? I NEVER KNEW HE HAD SUCH A GOOD VOICE
One of the greatest artists in 2017
Why did x have to fuck up his eye brows
Question Were Tf Is X?
I low-key only clicked on this cause i saw ft.xxxtentcion \nLike if you agree
Just came here for X
I swear who ever produced this song genius even the straight up rap people can't help but to love this song mission accomplished
We might need to stop being so surprised on how musically talented  Noah really is. ✌
He didn't even rap though
1:34 is all we came for
Tell me why this high key goes stupid hard
Better than anything her sister has released lol
No homo but X sound good this song really got me feeling loving
A XXX song they can actually play on the radio without having a bleep every have seconds lmao. Gang gang young dagger dick clique.
The first line is for X’s shaven eyebrows and hair
Didn't he assault his girlfriend
I have no idea who this person is. I never listen to this kind of music. But I saw my nigga x sooo
This song caught me off guard, didn't expected to like it so much
xxx does the judge a book with his eyebrows on my channel
Perfect collaboration everyone hating on her for putting x on this judge a book before reading 2 pages it's so pathetic and not worth and effort hate or anything there just weak individuals that talk before thinking or at least having some facts put together some sort of intelligent thinking but sadly no
3.3 million views so why isn't this trending??
I think x is not a music video type
X just bout took over the comments 😂😂😂
Wth is X doin?? lol
Seriously? Xxxtentacion? Damn omg this song is fireeeeeeee 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
ImDontai Gang
Tf is this trash 😂
Love Her 💕
DUDE X GOT VOCALS REAL SHIT 💯
This shit lit
nowey sirris
Ayyy
meh, its aight
why x? why?
BRASIL
Eye width 100
favs (,:
You make me cry!
6/10
I love the Lana vibes
#badvibesforever
Yesss bitchhh get it 🔥🔥
lowkey fire
damn... this aight this aight.
WHERE TYE FUCK IS X
xxxtentacion in title double views
her voice crack tho
Didn't notice x
Where is X?
repeat everytime. 💕
Singer's family...
NC17 for what? Seizure warnings?
bruh wha
someone please remix this
I love this 😍😭
she's ugly af
Top 10 Anime crossovers
she kinda ugly tbh
This is Miley's sis!?
Who should Poet and Vuj FIFA and Chill with next?
Defending: 27\nThat's Lovren\nLooooollllll
deserves a higher rating just cause how funny he is, what a fkn lad
Cesc bout to smash him in training 😂😂😂😂😂😂💯
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Marcos Alonso murdered someone
why is it so funny that he said shit, he is human
That Lovren joke 😂😂 coming from a Liverpool fan here.
Do one with romelu lukaku
the London effect 8:27
Fifa and chill with mo salah
mannnnnnn, fuck that. I dont wanna read that shit vro lmao i will just leave a like on the vid lol
maybe pace should be higher but what did he expect? he basically didnt play at all last season
Let's be honest he should have more pace, passing,dribbling
He shouldn't be surprised he's only at Chelsea because he's a quick young striker who's from belgium.
He can speak English .... have u seen his Twitter?
Nah he's actually vexed about that card 😂
Vuj”is that driving oh dribbling “ lmao
get mendy please he's 78 overall😂
Make sure you start as well 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
this is the 1000th video ive like n my channel :)
Died when he said fucking shit for pace loooool
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Poet and Vuj talking English in a French accent made my day 😂
Are these guys use to like something else
It mad though i know people who can understand english but cant speak it like how does that work
poet you could do with some more random shit on your wrist mate
Poet is a legend.
man should be rated at least 82 damn
haha, he said i like PNL le monde de rien, Michy said the what then he said si LMAO
He's upset about his rating😂\nDefoe scored 3x more goals than he did😂 and theyre the same rating!
Delusional lad. Should get off twitter and put his head down if he wants those stats because he can easily get to that level. says a lot when ur known more for ur twitter banta than ur actual proffesional day job
He’s a straight up baller
Hazard would be joke on fifa and chill
Haha look on the bright side, atleast you're higher than Rashford. 😂 FIFA always get it wrong, man should be 82 at the least.
8:17 he said vitesse and he's a Chelsea player predicting his future...
0:47  Make sure you start as well LMFAO
I'm not English and I can confirm it is quite easy to write but the pronunciation is hard because it isn't the same!!!
Poet doing the typical British speaking to a foreigner tactic of just talking very slowly.
F*@%#' shit...     8:20
Should do David Luiz
85 loool go to bed fella
If DRI stood for driving Marcus Alonso would have a 0
Omg 8:25😂😂😂
8:06 you're welcome.
8:27. 10:22
my guy on the right looks like a ant
Hi Poet &Vuj, Batshuayi is almost as funny as you two. Please get Pep Guardiola next. Love the show.
Vuj bare wants to laugh when his just chatting in French 😭
If morata is an 84 sitting on the bench all season, this guy should be an 83 at leaat
French is a dope ass language lol Batshuayi is the man. Chelsea fans who dont rate him should look at his goal to game ratio. Top notch. And he barely ever starts. So how would you know he’s trash
Pretty sure he from belgium
At 0:50 Poet says make sure you start as well  then takes off his glasses ... 😎
i laughed so hard when both of them tried to go to team management and then both if them try to go back and they just started the game #relatable
Poet probably spends as much time with Vuj as his wife.
Diego costa in the starting lineup? 😂
Wait so can he understand and write English but not speak it ?
Passing 59 haha I laughed so hard when he saw that
Batshuayis friend runs his twitter account for those of you wondering
Vuj your a G,Igor Biscan on his back hahahahaha love from Croatia
man said im jamaican we barely speak english lool
Honestly, I am being honest one of the top personalities in football. Him and Sturridge are top 2. I would put Sturridge top though as I am a Liverpool fan and I am not being biased but I have just seen him use his personality more, compared to this one video with Mitchy. Haha.
Lol with all the shit this man chat on Twitter I don't believe this. Thought he would be fluent in English.
Aren’t people from Belgium meant to speak good English?
Are u guys trying to win the league and champions league\nNo there trying to get fucking relegated
He definitely tweeted after seeing his card
Fifa and chill with son heung min
benjamin mendyyyyyyy we want it now
This dude is tripping. Honestly nothing special. And I'm a Chelsea fan
Awesome to see footballers getting more interactive, be it with the game or people on Twtitter.
He is bit like drogba..good personality and funny
I support Liverpool, so I will choose Everton.
Mitchy sick hattrick against forest
DRIVING!?!?  :-|
Sly dig by poet there? 👀 0.46
Poet you asshole. “Make sure you start”
Get Benjamin Mendy next
433 brought me here
lol 84-85 why not 97 you're better thn messi nd ronaldo
English swears ar at:\n8:26 9:28 10:22
Mendyyyyyyy
Coolest guy ever
Get mendy on A.S.A.P
Everton FC
PNL le monde ou rien
He watches AFTV fo sho. He lying
Fucking shit
Michys got bants
YUGOSLAVIA👑👑👑👑👑👑👑
.
It's a ovo ting fam
FIFA and chill with Mendy next!!
Lukaku fifa and chill
King batshuayi next up MENDY?
Hahaha what a guy
Get Hazard onnn
Fifa and Chill ft. Mendy
Them boys in the back are creepy af
he should have 80 pace, and at least 83 shooting tbh
get Lingard onto the show his reactions will be boss
Wait he always tweets in English, like slang English he says fam etc so how doesn't he know English? (I'm assuming someone translates his tweets for him)
*Niall's album is gonna be so good. All his songs have been so catchy, meaningful, and beautiful, which is why is he one of* *my favorite artist. We covered Niall's song Slow Hands on my channel and can't wait to cover this song. Hope you will* *watch it.*
Anyone got goosebumps? cause same😭❤
Okay, why isn't this trending???
I LIKE THIS HOLY SONG !!
Well, I'm Zayn's fan but Niall also so talented but underrated. Seems like everyone only supporting Harry's music.
i like this song i cants stop listening
I am crying in a cool way
so proud of you baby
what about the one direction is quit from each other
I'm crying, I'm really proud. Keep up the good work Niall, ilysm ♥
he looks like tobi... the spiderman... peter... omg...lol
How can I buy your official studio album in Asia?
Can't stop listen to it
He grows up so fast 😶
Omfg I love this so much <3
I'm not his fans, but i'm going to be after he went solo
I still only think of him as the little baby nialler from 1D and I just want to cuddle him but now he’s a grown man, and frankly I still want to cuddle him 😂
Niall.. your song is beautiful, I'm crying. Love u so much from Italy❤
Cause if Im being honest I aint over you yet - I thought I had moved on, then this song comes.
Love it lets fuck up
when he saw the couple kissing, he looked down and he looked as if he was crying, I almost felt like crying too I wonder who hurt my poor Niall?😭💕
When you've had this on loop since it came out...
😱😱 I fangirled a lil. I'll always be a Niall girl
although I'm upset that he hasn't had a lot of views so far, I know substance is greater than views and niall has the best of it
that flow is so feels
Im fucking crying and I've watched it like 2000 times
Most of comments on YouTube are self promoting lol
Love you \nIs amazing 😍😭💗👉💗👈🍀
I loved him 7 years ago and I still love him 7 years later ❤️
This was the best  three minutes and fourty six seconds of my life
Is a perfect song to sing :) im trying this for my next audition :)\n(thevoice)...:)\nCongrats Niall continue your amazing job . I wish so hard to sing a song with you :)
Please,  watch this video music vevo : https://youtu.be/NWH85qhrdoY . Agnez Mo singer from Indonesia who title Long as I get Paid wow this a nice song guysss😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
You've come a long long way from the time Katy Perry thought you needed more time. Your time has definitely come! Great job!
The beginning kind of sounds like the song from the modern jazz band in la la land
HE SINGS SO BEAUTIFUL, HIS VOICE IS AN AMAZING MELODY ♥
I'm addicted to this song since the release of it 😍💕 too much feels ❤❤❤❤❤
I love this song is perfect!!!!
Let's watch it till it will be trending 👊
I put this as my ringtone before i even reacted to it.
i just wanna know who the fuck hurt my niall because damn, i'm sobbing
what does the  f word
Aww my baby I am here with you
Omg my heart😭💝💝!! You did an amazing job Niall!
my heart literally just did a million backflips
Gosh, Niall you made my day deymn love your voice.
He’s so fucking pretty I can’t deal 😍😍😭😭🙏🏼
love the song very depresing  its great.it somhow reminds me when you act fine but your not i do that when nowon is in the bathroom at school i would cry.:( thinking about how this song makes me feel....love it!
niall all the love and support <3
What a beautiful song. This is my special version.... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsmHXdMZJvc
To the 1K of ppl who disliked it can catch me outside💯👊🏽... but yass nialler keep up the good work😘😘
honestly getting over a relationship so dear to your heart is the hardest thing especially if all you know is that person. These lyrics are beautiful and so accurate.... niall baby i feel you 100%. this town was beautiful as well and this song captures so much of that same story.
I LOVE THIS!!!! love you Niall Horan <3!
Will you marry me?\nIs it too much to Ask?
I'm a massive 90's music fan Rap especially ! Tupac is my favourite artist of all time BUT I really do like this song I do not like much of these days music but this song is a top tune !
why's the like button just 1? :(((((
Niall... Why am i so into you 😢
Niall is such an ANGEL!!
So proud of you men
I  used to love one direction, for five years actually. I guess i gave up liking them because I thought that they would never came back, and I found a band that I like more than them. Never thought I would listen to any of the members again, but I did and honestly I am in love with this song
RIP Replay Button. I'm a little obsessed with this song.
Yay the video love it
This right here is REAL music
CAPTAIN NIALL!!
love this song!
Ameizem
yang nge unlike gk banget dehh
CINTA AQQQQ
Babe❤❤❤
Babe💙
i love u
Wow nice song sweet heart
Who HURT YOU ??? WHO HURT yOu !??! 😭😡😭
❤️
Love love love love love! Smashing it Nialler! 🎧❤️👍🏼
Proud of you. <3
te amo Niall :)
Niall is soooo me♥
http://bit.ly/contoh_cv
<3 <3 i love you
❤️
WHO HURT YOU NIALL ????? LPM
❣
MY HEART
wow
THIS SONG IS LIT OMG
Sad , love you niall
Who hurt you Niall
😍😍😍
ganteng bgt bang🔥
this angel <3 :'))))
AYUUDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA LA CARITA DE BEBEE
So cute !
I love Niall Horan😍😍😍❤❤❤
Beautiful voice
I'm screaming
OMG 🤓🤗💕💕💕 🎤🎤🎤😊😊
So much hotness, Niall!!!
Who cutting onions here? 😭😭
Niall bbe... U broke ma heart 💜❤😢😢
dusk till dawn is better than this shit .
What about Casablanca?
I didnt like Dunkirk...
terror
WHATTTT???? MARK A ZERO
He speaks rather slowly.
did you watch irreversible?
VAGINA ...\nyour right about star wars AVGN ! Those flicks do suck :D
Scarface over godfather! You tripping bro😂😂 Lates!
The Fifth Element. nuff' said.
Also Donnie Darko is BAD
isn't all beer bitter?
memento
People like Donnie darko because they feel sorry for them selves. they need attention.. like some sorry ass kid who has everything but there daddy didn't give them a hug sorry. The guy here's voices in his head then you find out the hole movie is about time travel....... yeah fucking pussies
I think theres a small link of what u dont like. Darko, pulp fiction, dark knight, matrix, big lebowski etc all have philosophical inserts in writing and dialogue which make it more cult favourite and those themes dont seem to interest you
Thank god I'm not alone on Donnie darko
I agree very much on The Matrix. None of the movies on this list would be one of my favourites, maybe except Pulp Fiction. I would add Lord of the Rings to the list of movies most people love, but I don't. I love fantasy, but I really think these films are very flawed.
Like your choices except for citizen kane really love that one, dark knight and pulp fiction are on spot...nice list
Well, you asked for the deeper meaning on _Pulp Fiction_ , and as someone that loves that movie, I tell you: look at the strong running themes of irony, unexpectedness, redemption and demythification of the gangster persona (which _Reservoir Dogs_ did too, but wasn't there yet, in my opinion).\n\nBut hey, it's cool if you don't love it.
I love the matrix but the bullet time thing was probably my least favorite aspect of the movie
About time someone sees Dark Knight as overrated.  There's people that even pretend Heath Ledger is the best Joker ever.  No...just no.  Also agreed.  While I liked Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs >>>>>> PF
People popularly like guardians of the galaxy. I thought it was poo poo
when i moved to Australia i had to show my husband A Christmas Story because its an epic in america....he was just eh, its ok i guess he feels how you feel :P its huge in america but outside nobody has really heard of it
Donnie Darko is on the list? I think you've never seen a portal.
It's never a good feeling when I've chosen to listen to an idiot. Rolfe is dumb just like his subs. Sorry, it has to be said. A middle-aged man still clinging to video games and old movies is never a good sign. God help his daughter, this dude is duuuuumb.
A Christmas Story replaced It's a Wonderful Life. Rinse and Repeat. One day CS will be replaced. Lampoon's Christmas Vacation is still my fav.\n\nThe Matrix was genre re-defining. At least in America. That's why it was the insane hit it was.\n\nThe Big Lebowski......James....James.....I guess it's cause you don't live in LA. \n\nFuck it Dude. Let's go watch some movies.
Some of my favorite recommendations: Gattaca, Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi, and Memento.
On board with everything except The Matrix. I mean, it's just... jizz
I prefer The Batman Returns over The Dark Knight. It may be considered the best because of Heath Ledger's Joker?
That's like.... your opinion, man.
Mainstream people are always like this, something they don't quite understand+something other people say good=legend, there's also a book explains why these films gone viral, that book is called THE CROWD.
Reservoir Dogs is my favorite movie of all time. I absolutely love it.
This is how I feel about Interstellar and Inception
Ive heard all kinds of crap from people because i didn't like pulp fiction lol so its relieving to see this on your list
You forgot the most important one: the Transformers Bay-chise
Agree 110% on Citizen Kane. I get the hype. It has some great parts, but it's not the greatest movie of all time. I don't think any movie has the right to claim that.
That's how I feel about star wars. Never could get into them.
Only The Matrix triggered me. Was terrified LOTR was going to be mentioned and had the unsubscribe button ready. Good list, James. Agreed with #1, #3, and #10
You're right.... Citizen Kane is absolutely awful... I've never understood why people like it so much.
crazy enough to say that I agree with his list 100 percent almost I mean yes in my opinion these are great movies all of them but are they the best? It's just up to personal preference at the end of the day...
I find National Lampoons christmas vacation and Home Alone really over rated.....If you want to put a competitor against A Christmas Story I'd say Scrooged.
Fuck Crime dramas !!, the real deal are gender bending/time traveling animated films
The Star Wars and Batman movies. Silly horseshit imo
Wow I literally agree with everything except Titanic. The sinking scene is amazing. You REALLY needed to add Inception and Avatar though.. 
I thought Reservoir Dogs was better\n\nO CAPTAIN MY CAPTAIN
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, I'm going to go ahead and say it but Scarface is overrated. It's just about the rise and fall of an immigrant with a violent past. IMO, it's not even Al Pacino's greatest film.
I don't think I love any of those movies, but then again my favorite movie's Ishtar, and I think Water World's pretty damn good.
I think I completely agree with your number one choice. I tried to watch it with an open mind, being that it's hyped up like crazy, but I was incredibly underwhelmed =/ I wanted to love it!!
You don't like Citizen Kane?  :D  Know what else you don't like? Acting like a human being ... you remind me of a robotic Jeffrey Dahmer ...\n\nA Christmas Story? ... My balls, your chin ...
The Dark Knight is a good action film but a terrible Batman adaptation. He is basically Iron Man in this one.
I like how people wear t shirts or even say they like a movie that's so popular but they ' re full of shit and they never even see it
You lost me at Pulp Fiction and The Matrix. I still respect your opinion, though.
The Dark Knight just has a special place in my heart.
I'm just here waiting for more Power Rangers reviews.
Man, I was hoping the big lebowski was going to be on this list. So over hyped. It's like the halo of movies.
I respectfully disagree on godfather 2. It is a gangster film, but really it is a Greek tragedy. The comparison between Michael and his father as they differ in the crime business and how Michael destroys his family while his father builds his family is epic. It really is a family story more than a gangster film. Completely different from goodfellas and scarface. I definitely love goodfellas but godfather 2 is an epic and hits so many tragic notes. It's probably in my top 5 of all time.
Honestly, I concur with your analysis on all of the movies mentioned except for The Matrix. Of the ones you mentioned, that was the one I find justifiable as being a cult classic. I will say this though: I too found all of the comedic rip-offs of it to grate on my nerves too....  :P
I'm so fucking glad that Donnie Darko is on here!! GOd damn that is a stupid fucking movie. it pisses me off at how much people think that its so good. Ive argued with so many idiots about it. Jesus. terrible fuckin movie. theres no meaning to it. its fucking stupid. waste of fuckin film!
I'm not trying to piss anyone off but Jurassic World was Hot Garbage
Master and Commander.  Fell asleep 😴
I thought Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction are the same film with a three year intermission.
For me it's Mad Max: Fury Road. I agree that on a technical level the movie is excellent. The action sequences are well done, it's well directed, the cinematography is great. But as for the story... I point to what Nostalgia Critic brought up in his video. He compared it to a Road Runner cartoon, which is a good way to sum up how I feel when it comes to the story. It was too simple for me to be entertained by it, and the lack of dialogue from Tom Hardy (others too, but primarily from Max) bothered me. And the part that really confused me is that people are calling it an action film MASTERPIECE. I understand liking this movie and being entertained, but calling it a masterpiece? What did I miss? Heck, I found Dunkirk to be a better film and it was very similar with how it chose to tell its story (told through action rather than dialogue without a lot of character development). Though I don't think it was one of Nolan's best films.\n\nI think I will give it a watch again at some point, but it just felt like the filmmakers forgot about the story in favor of the production value. That isn't to say I haven't liked films where they're style over substance before or where the characters aren't always strong (Rogue One and Dunkirk again), but this one didn't do it for me. And I also didn't get the chance to see it in a theater, which might have helped. Dunkirk was a fantastic experience in the theater, and movies like it and Mad Max are best seen in a theater.
I think The Matrix is the most overrated sci-fi film ever made. I really don't get all the love for it.
I hated, Skyfall, it sucked on ice! Also the remade version of True Grit, horrible movie!
Your Italian.......O_O.....the Angry Nerd makes much more sense now ;]
Why does this video look like it was made is the 2000s
Some popular films I don't like:\n\nDonny Darko\nLost Highway\nPretty much anything by Wes Anderson
For these and other overrated movies, I get why people like them. What I don't like is why people keep talking about those specific movies, while there are many more as good or better movies out there. And it's not happening among people that doesn't watch a lot of movies, it's happening among people who study or work to make movies.
Napoleon Dynamite! Where was that? Everyone says oh you got to watch it a bunch of times to get it. Just like your #1.
I never seen star wars because of reasons.
I agree with all your picks, especially Big Labowshi and Dark Night. The only one I disagreed with was Godfather II, that movie is a master piece in acting and story telling in my opinion.
7/10 of your list i would have named if I did this.  I like to group myself into the >1% of enlightened Americans, welcome to the club.
Such a nice video!! To me my top 1 is Dunkirk. Oh lord... What you said about Citizen Kane apply perfectly with Dunkirk in my opinion. Did you see it? I would love to know your opinion on this film. I put the coma because man, to me it's not a film. It's a movie for people that like to make movies, not people that like watching them.
Heath made dark Knight!! Other than that & zimmer Batman's voice ruined the movie
Dark Knight is the best fucking movie ever made in history of mankind
Yeah dude, fuck Christmas Story and all these movies. But Christmas Story, fuck that movie extra hard. Except for The Matrix. That movie kicked ass. Also, Pulp Fiction is awesome.
James: Please don't be mad if a movie you like is on this list.\nMy brain: Well that's reasonable. Besides, I'd never do that anyway, it's stupid and immature.\nJames: The Matrix.\nMy brain: YOU POS PSEUDO CRITIC HOW DARE YOU
I don't think to hard when I watch Big Lebowski, it's just about the interactions between the dude, walter, donnie and the big Lebowski that make it for me.  Mainly the dude though.
You can be blase about some things James, but not the Titanic!
I thought the matrix gives a good morality test of choice and it’s pretty cool in my opinion \nAlso I didn’t think the dark knight was one of the best movies ever it’s a pretty amazing movie but it’s not a bet movie in the world
I really disagree with your opinions on Donnie Darko James, but with regards to everything else u listed, they are either super average films to me, or i don't enjoy them enough to really be truly passionate to be defending them. However in my recent experiences in my unpopular opinions on films, everyone has been going crazy over Arrival and it was the worst sci-fi film i had ever seen, and it was so preplexing to me to a point it actually annoys me so much that people love it so enormously, and that i can't see even a tiny bit of merit to the film whatsoever. Its never happened to me with any certain film until now.
I feel that way about star wars I like it I don't get it it seems over hyped I just never got into any of them I've seen them all except the rogue one but just not my cup of tea.
Mainstream is your only argument
How about Boondock Saints? That's another movie that was quietly released and received cult status.
Pretty much agree with you on all of them but the Batman movie
I'm hoping so hard that Spirited Away is on this list. Cause jesus what a borefest
You lost me at The Matrix man :/
This is what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass.
Sorta disagree on Dark Knight. However I'm one of those people who thinks that the entire Dark Knight Trilogy is arguably equally as good, just in different ways.
I like what Mark Hamill said about The Force Awakens. It's just a movie. People hype movies and make this big deal out of them and just like any work of art, it either appeals to you or it doesn't. People trash Conan The Destroyer because it's a shitty movie, and I'm well aware of it, but I've watched and enjoyed it 100 times more than I'd watch Citizen Kane. As long as you find entertainment from a movie, that's all that matters, when you don't, then nobody should judge you for having different tastes.
James really like showing off his Son of Godzilla movie in the intro....ack It is like a fester sore  on VHS
Poor James( cant get Lebowkski or Pulp Fiction.. and even Matrix. But loves trashy b- horrors. Maybe it is a reason his own movie is such a disaster.
People enjoy Pulp Fiction and The Big Lebowski so much because they're both so thoroughly entertaining if you can level with their respective sensibilities. It wasn't an arbitrary choice to hold Pulp Fiction above Reservoir Dogs, people just found Pulp Fiction more entertaining because it was more polished, more varied and more energetic. It's also weird to assume that people just like the Big Lebowski for no real reason. It's fans understand the humour and the point of the film. If you don't then that's a shame, although it's not because you're seeing through the illusion.
What killed Batman for me was the scene where the SWAT officer spouts off with a I didnt sign up for this\nYou joined SWAT in a crime plagued city. You signed up for exactly this. What a load.
I heard Donnie Darko Director's cut makes a bit more sense.
Well, you know that's like, your opinion man.
I think Kingdom Hearts 2 is overrated don't get me wrong the story is superb. But the game is easy and there is no replay value after you beat the main story you do just a few side quests and that is it, but I give it credit for a superb story.
Nooooo, you have to love the Christmas Story!!!
V for Vendatta, Lost in Translation.  Sux and sux.
I'm surprised he didn't mention Inception.
Kinda sucks iv been watching his reviews... Turns out he has no idea what's good... lol no internal tempery belief. Keep watching star wars lol. And they ain't just movies they are cultural markers or moral checkmarks. If you knew that then these movies would be more appealing.
This isn't about kneeling and disrepecting a flag!!\nIt's about Trump and his long running hatred of the NFL, going all the way back to the 1980's\nAnd his comment that 'the issue wasn't about race'! \nWHAT?!?!?!?!\nThat's exactly what it's about!!!\nDoesn't this moron know  the reasons for the protests?\nI'm white, and would be proud to kneel with those guys and girls!\nTrump is doing this all for one person, himself!\nThe President of Earth!\nPlaying to the crowd!\nAnd of course, it detracts from what's really happening in the USA, and around the world!\nA national flag is just a rag, and a national anthem is just a song!\nIt isn't about life and death, war or peace, or race or religion, that's where reality kicks in!\nTrump performs in his own, so called, 'Reality Show'!\nstay tuned for the next episode!
God Trump is a fucking idiot
All the old heads and white kids who say “nigger” when they’re losing an argument liked this video. Lmaoo
They disrespected our country, idc if you hate trump, don't disrespect our flag and country, period.
Trump: Respect the flag. People: Impeach such terribleness\nPeople are idiots
Donald Trump is a national embarrassment
Bruh! can you focus on running the country! damn
He's a disgrace himself
What is the dramatic pause and the demonic smile? Honestly why is he presedent again? He would be better as a game show host!!
YOUR THE FUCKING REASON THERE TAKING A KNEE I would do it everyday just so they know that what your doing is unconstitutional and inhuman your a bad person and these ignorant people who voted for you are discriminating everyone who isn’t white because they have the same fucked up mentality as you do only because Mexicans aren’t white or Africans aren’t white doesn’t mean we’re the bad ones the FUCKING WHITE PEOPLE (most of them no all) are racist discriminating people who just love to spread negativity like you
You're fired
This Idiot has to be a Comedian, he can't be real....LMAO..#BUM
Finally an America loving president after 8 years of U.S.A. hating POS Obama and the whole Democrat Party.
Funny how he is all up on the NFL players for taking a knee and calling it disrespect but yet he is disrespecting latinos, black, etc. hypocrite asf 😂💀
Fuck all of this coverage about the athletes protesting, this is the lowest fucking thing we have to worry about in this country right now.  We could potentially go to war with NK, our foreign relations are going to hell day by day, and we have become the laughing stock of the world because of Trumps horrible leadership.  Every msm channel has jumped on this retarded bandwagon to distract everyone from how fucked our situation is actually becoming, there are far more important things than Trump vs.  protesting athletes .
Disrespectful to kneel in protest. Ok . What about calling people you don't even know sons of bitches. And why is the president talking about NFL ratings when we have so many issues in this country and around the world. Where are your priorities and you're the president. It's embarrassing
ABSOLUTELY!!!! WAY TO GO TRUMP.... FK THOSE THAT DISRESPECT THE HONOR OF THE USA!!!
jeez a lot of people in the comment section are pathetic.
He was trying to be memey \n\n\n\n\nHe failed.
What kind of president used son of a bitch in a public place
Wouldn't it be great to see that when a president tried to build a wall around our country like it's a damn prison, to say get that SOB out of the white house. Your fired!!!
Who cares about a damn flag🤷🏾‍♀️
Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Camacho is a better president than him
Damn trump is the fuckin man
We're so totally fucked because of this motherfucka
Trump is actually fucking stupid he isn’t getting the dilemma that what the NFL players are doing is to show more respect to The U.S and why Is he focusing on this he should be worrying about the fucking world because of him where seeing WW3 Smh Trump Smh 🤦🏻‍♂️
Everything We Stand for is not you DONALD TRUMP
Sports fired!  Boycotting all of it, head turned forever
Since when did kneeling become a sign of disrespect?\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genuflection
What a horrible leader, awful choices of words. Fucking clown
This the person alot of you voted for and now saying yall hate him smh yall should of knew Trump couldn’t be President hes already to rich he dont know how to get the United States 🇺🇸 Happy Cause if thats the case he woulda donated some if his millions and billions or dollars
so your saying freedom of speech doesn't imply the president...lol get the fuck outta here.... liberal fucks
NFL stands for Not For Long....
Who cares if someone disrespects a piece of fabric. It's really not that big of a deal jeez. Let people do what they want thanks.
Did MLK protest the NATIONAL anthem
He is a clown... how can people actually support him.
I can't believe this man is the most powerful person in the U.S
God I love how Donald trump drastically dwindled isis numbers got China to stop giving money to North Korea isn't taking any money while in office is trying to give our soldiers a higher salary got rid of all the money Air Force one was using respects our flag our troops and our nation is trying to help it become more independent getting rid of corrupt government officials is making more jobs for us in America is stopping thousands of kids from being killed kicking out illegal wait let me say that again ILLEGAL immigrants keeping us from getting bombed with the more thorough background checks sent a MOAB on isis but hey I guess trump is a racist with his immigrant wife and let's not forget how mike Tyson wanted trump to win but wait he disrespected our disabled troops right no even Lt Sgt Allan west backed trump as soon as the false statements were sent out but yeah trump is screwing up by going on an apology tour oh wait wrong president
Can't wait for world war 3.....
TRUMP IS BAD NEWS FOR THIS COUNTRY..🙁🙁🙁
Maybe all this is just bread and circuses
I love trump as our president. We gotta keep these dangerous immigrants out and you delusional liberals wanna let them in. Look a London. Muslims took over and you can't walk down the street and admit you're Christian. They have suicide bombings and the mayor of London is a terrorist sympathizer. Get real people.
Great speech President Trump! We need to call out these overpaid bozos, and tell the fans that this aggression to our flag simply cannot stand, man!
Americans don't have place in this world is why they go everywhere to take the land, now they trying to take mart and the moon
Support the police, boycott the NFL Burn your NFL apparel post it on YouTube......Cheers!
In the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks, the U.S. Government adopted several new measures in the classification and treatment of prisoners captured in the War on Terror, including applying the status ofunlawful combatant to some prisoners, conducting extraordinary renditions, and using torture (enhanced interrogation techniques). Human Rights Watch and others described the measures as being illegal under the Geneva Conventions.
NFL - Not For Long
Hate him but I really disagree with the kneeling thing
People saying that the NFL was exercising its first amendment right of free speech should also realize that by doing so in kneeling at the national anthem they are basically flipping off their country AND its first amendment right. Kind of ironic.
i liked this video what you gonna do about it lol
He has nerve talking about someone else disrespecting the flag....his presidency is a disrespect to the flag
How is it disrespectful, he's supposed to make America great.
Has it been 2020 yet?
And this nigga banned Muslims form coming to usa, talkin t.v. bout what we Stand for
This person is full of hate. Disgusting human being calling someone a Son of a B... He is a horrible joke.
Stop tweeting and get back to work u fuckin Cheeto.
This honestly scaring me. These people are chanting like barbarians.
Trump is too real... makes all these fake liberal's heads explode! He's candid and honest unlike the fake liberal who smiles to your face while they stab you in the back and cry victim begging for hand outs. Liberalism=Cultural Collapse
cnn is a disgrace fucks,  people fought for this country and you disrespect the flag you ungrateful and disgraceful fucks. Dont give any exuses, its disrespectful in this way, you can knee down at any time that doesnt involve our country's veterans or current millitary personnel or our freedom.
Alabama is butthurt bc they dont have a team
I wished the President of the United States would respect all of its people.  How about that?
All these downvotes for Trump in this video, go over to the NFL Reaction video that has gone up by CNN and see Americas real reaction to this; not some pathetic amount of dislike bots rolling in. 11,000 dislikes to the reaction of the NFL proves that America stands strong despite all the special snowflakes saying otherwise.
So promoting hate in this country.  Going to cause more violence in our country.
Americans basically fit into four cognitive mental states or categories: 1) Consciously Conscious – 5% 2) Unconsciously Conscious -10% 3) Consciously Unconscious – 30% 4) Unconsciously Unconscious – 65% The problem is that the majority of so-called intellectual Americans – regardless of political party, cultural heritage or social-economic status are in the “worst” category – “Unconsciously Unconscious” (Better known as “you don’t know, what you don’t know”) People in this category will believe anything they consume in the media and will believe it to be true, with no evidence. They also prefer to have no knowledge of world history and choose to stay in the state of cognitive dissonance, so they can continue to believe the lies that they have told themselves in order to make them feel better and give them a false sense of superiority. The issue is not about the disrespecting the flag; the media created that false narrative. The real issue is about living in a society where “FREEMEN” are being ASSASSINATED & EXECUTED in AMERICA, with NO JUSTICE for their families. We are living in a culture that promotes DEATH & DESTRUCTION through our media consumption and where true American Patriots who ‘STAND-UP’ for Justice, will be marginalized or killed in this country.
Patriotism can't be forced, that's what the nazis did. YOU WANT OUR PATRIOTISM, YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO EARN IT!
Mr.President I understand what message you are you are trying to put out. I support you and our Flag. Born in America and very proud of it.. I will never knee even if I were to lose my legs I would still stand as tall as I could...America is all I ever loved...
When's the last time Trump kneeled to the flag in public?
Remember that you wouldn't have the ability to dishonor the flag if brave people didn't stand to defend it. You should respect the flag. It represents you and your country. If you don't think it does, then leave the country. Fucking simple.
USA!!!!!!!!! So many people died for ya guys and you treat the flag like this my grandpa died for you so thanks.
He's right IF YOU DONT WANNA SUPPORT THE US FLAG GET THE FUCK OFF OUR FIELD AND GO THE FUCK SOMEWHERE ELSE AND PLAY FOR MILLIONS YOU PIECE OF SHIT!
Supreme Leader Donald John Trump!
what a joke
Fake news
YESYESYES !!!\nGO TRUMP !!!\nUSAUSAUSA !!!\n#RIPTHENFL !!!
#FuckDonaldTrump
Suck on my dick like a damn lollipop BOYYY lollipop🍭
Eat shit and die CNN
YG- F**k Donald Trump
Fuck Trump
Go trump!
Barack Obama was good
Sesame Street bird
You suck Donald
NFL 2017 Sponsors \n\nGatorade (PepsiCo)\nVisa Payment systems services\nCampbell’s Soup\nFedEx\nFrito-Lay (PepsiCo)\nMars Candy & Snackfood\nPepsi (PepsiCo)\nDairy Management Inc.\nBridgestone Tire\nGillette/Head & Shoulders\nVicks/Old Spice (Procter & Gamble)\nVerizon\nBarclays Affinity card\nPapa John’s Pizza\nCastrol Motor Oil\nAnheuser-Busch\nUSAA Insurance\nBose\nCourtyard by Marriot\nXbox (Microsoft)\nQuaker Oats (PepsiCo)\nTide/Duracell (Procter & Gamble)\nLenovo\nMcDonald's Restaurants\nSAP Cloud Software Solutions\nSurface/Windows (Microsoft)\nCoverGirl (Procter & Gamble)\nZebra Technologies\nTD Ameritrade\nExtreme Networks\nNationwide Insurance\nHyundai Motor Company\nDannon Yogurt
Woot woot trump
Why wont he just do his motherfucking job? Stalling ass clown
They should tho
Stupid asssssssss!
NFL = SOB commies
THOSE PEOPLE?
Love you!
Fake news
Hold an L
He's advocating brain damage WTF.
Cheeto Mussolini knows NOTHING about America!
reminds me of Hitler...
Two sides my ass mother fucker
I https://youtu.be/IUV8xc1KNa
Trump is a good man
Cnn FAKE NEWS
Fergie looks so funny when she's in the moment! lol
Hello darkness my old nigga
Fergie is so fine
*Beatles sing despacito*
Fergie 😍👑
She still looks the same!
Yeees Fergie is the queen
I miss the BEP
Okay... so that was freaky!\nFergie looked deranged - couldn't tell if her weird facial expression was intentional or from Botox!?!?
She didn't blink once, i was getting scared.
Omg is that a plastic doll
Fergie look gorgeous as always
Cringe
Yeet
Wow, people really commenting negative shit on this? For what? Some of you are more pathetic than the Kelly Clarkson shamers. I think she looks great for her age for one thing. Lots of celebs get Botox. Also, this is a segment on a comedy show...the other guys were wide eyed too. She also blinked at 1:13 and 1:35 if you really wanna go there.
Am I the only person who wants fergie back to bep???
Hey that’s hilarious!! Lol
Is it just me or did the album cover for 'Black Simon & Garfunkel' look a lot like the cover for 'The Lewis & Oswald Experience' from 'The Drew Carey Show' that was on ABC back in the day?
Haven't blinked once.
I was screaming for Ferg
I died when she said check it out lol
Oh I miss the black eyed peas...
This is so funny 😂😂😂
The fuck was that
Press 7 over and over: My humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps.....
Haha Quality
Not funny.
queen fergie 😍😍
Ha, ha, ha!!!!!!
Damn Fergie 🔥
Wow
Dont drip fergi
RoboFerfie
Lol
So short(
love Fergie and Black eyed Peas❤💜❤❤😇😇😇😇😘😘😘😘😘😘
nice! black people impersonate white people its called music/art, white people impersonate black people they called racist ? its a one way system we living in.
😍😍
Nostalgia!
Funny jimmy first
funnky
fergie is so look like spice girl geri halliwell
She went full crazy eyes.
I actually want to hear this album
I used to sing and dance this at school without knowing the meaning of it. Now, I’m shookt lol
Wow dear god... This check it out was fuck amazing
Lindaaaaaaaa
Duquesa 😍😍😍❤
My name is Fergie !!!!
Yo number 1!!!
Fergie has been replaced by a robot and the programmers forgot to add blinking to the protocol
this is so good
OMG FERGIE!!!
Who the hell is she to make fun of Simon and Garfinkel with her trashy music?
Stupidity.
she's not still famous, is she?
This is so terrible
love love love
Fergie was WAY into her 'don't piss your pants on TV' mindset tonight.
This is white appropriation!!! I'm outraged
fergie did something to her lips \nshe looks like she is in her 50's
DeeZ niggas so emotional n shieeet
But she's not in the peas anymore so she shouldn't be singing this anymore
FERGIE??\nthe one who tried to sell a song called MILF??? IMAO worst attempt since a very long time.
Excuse me, but it's not Black. It's African-American. My fellow Californians would be outraged at this.
YES I CAAAAANNNN
If anybody has any doubt about darci's actual talent purely as a singer go to 2.25. That was simply unreal! I believe she never displayed her full singing skills on stage because a lot of her focus went into the ventriloquism and general acting. But had she entered as a singer I think she could still have given Angelica a run for her money!!
Oh that was so much fun to watch!! :D
My cousin Petunia won!
wow I love ventriloquism
2:22 my fave <3 Congrats to Darci, for winning AGT 2017 Season 12!
When they where talking about simon it sounded more like Mel bs wedding day.
i'll bet she said things 12 yo girls shouldn't say when she left the stage
MEL B IF YOU SEE THIS I LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU LIKE IF YOU AGREE!
I'm so proud of you Darci Lynne congratulations on your win in the finals good luck in Las Vegas.
I love that she won
I think she's awesome! I am glad that she won!
They are both amazing!!
How do you do that?!? I do you make the m and p sound without moving your lips.
Did Darc screw that song up at the beginning?  Sure sounded like it.  Not picking on her... just saying.
At 1:44 she said anything I can do it
Did Winston say wow I just spit???
Why does he have his left hand in his pocket?
and Paul Zerdin should be proud of that girl too
Anything i can do you-
Congratulations Darci Lynn, you are fantastic and you will go far. \nThe other act were awesome 2.👏🏻
I cried  when i fpude out that she won
Congratulations Sweetheart on winning Darci ~ so thrilled for you- your star 💫 is definitely on the RISE!
Anything I can do you............................................NO YOU CAN’T
I am not as good as them but I hope to get to perform with them one day \nhttps://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=_PB1_OcS30s
I hope I can hear her voice in animation movie!
Sub to my channel
I saw this live on my tv
Better Subcribe Too....\n\n\n\n\nAmerican got talent!! For the best videos
ohh that was Karli
Messed *
Nice one darci
So funny lol :D
1:48 nice save
Is it just me, or do the black stars with the pink outline in the background look like Yugi's hair?
2:53  *Drinks water bottle with the cap on*
Would have been better to have had Terry having a face microphone like Darci...
now wait a minite is this seame street or agt_
Omg, I just found out that she lives in my town and goes to a school really close to me.
They should have all past winners come back again to create a harder competition
Go To Google And then Type: *gamesecrxguide snapchat* This is without a doubt the purely working snapchat h@ck tool working these days. Please don't waste your entire available free time in some other applications
I love the fact how terry is better and experience but let her shine...
Only after watching this vid for the fifth time did I notice the mistake. So happy for Darci she won, she so professional already.
*i covered the worst cover of charlie puth - attention on my channel, don't check it out. Thank youu*
She so screwed up the first line, but very well recovered and was a great performance, says so much about her
i think she forgot the first line to the song
Not only a pair of delightful and accomplished ventriloquist entertainers, but they both have really good singing voices, too!
How on freakin' earth can they do this!!!!Its amazingggggg. Loved it!!!!
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*\nA interesting & Entertaining New Song hope you all will Share and order This Download here's The info   ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
Kermit why are you in disguise
Why does Mel B look likes she's trying to impersonate Storm?
aww she messed up the first line of the song
Terry fator when ever hi is about to talk with puppet he puts his hand in his pocket like if u agree
I voted for Darci all the way. The right person won.
😘
1:45 is a mistake
Did darci hiccup in the beginning ?
qwertyuioplkjhgfdsazxcvbnm\
Just...just, DAW! ❤️
Fantastic
Uau darcy i love you
Love it
Amazing!
Woah
What happened did Dacri trip her tongue?
Is their microphone broken
hahahaahahaha...please like my comment...
oi
Yeah Daric won Agt
love you darcy!!
Awesome job
Wow...... simply amazing
❤💕❤💕💖💖💖💖
Simon got roasted at 1:05
You are fantastic🏅🎖🥇🏆⭐️🌟✨⭐️🌟⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⚱️🔑💰💰💰💰💰💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💰💰💰💰💰💵💵💳💳💳💳💎💎💎💎💎💴💴💴💴💴👰🏼👑👑💎💎💎💎💎💶💶💶💶💶💶💷💷💷💷💷🎇🎆🎇🎆🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠
2:24😍how??
OMG Sing it girl\nGo Darci
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Her mouth movement was almost nil, she ONLY MESSED UP during that final performance with Terry Fator -- probably because she was super nervous about being up there with him, and it being the BIG NIGHT! She fumbled a few words JUST A LITTLE -- of no consequence -- during her last COMPETING performance on Tuesday NIGHT -- again, probably big night nerves. Otherwise she was perfection itself. She is poised, a naturally beyond fabulous singer -- even with her mouth closed! -- and is exquisitely beautiful to boot! Most definitely the right person won!
darci you rocked it but angelica you could win this show
I don't know why. ANYONE CAN BE TRAINED AS VENTRILOQUIST. There's lots of books and tutorials on how to become ventriloquist.
The Internet is going crazy over what this 14 year old wrote in her song about Charlottesville --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdHHyiZv5c0
That was cheesy. And lame.
I find this a bit unsettling
She messed up at the beginning
I love Darci but I have one question. Did she mess up in the beginning when she started singing??
When I was there, her mic cut off
Nigga alive
It's fake
It's sad that this was voted rather than Light Balance
Booooo this is bad
Why do ventriloquist always win?
Did her mic mess up or did she?
1:45 did she mess up?
Ventriloquists are honestly the worst
Hmm.  She's sweet and good.  But this just isn't winner material.  We already had a ventriloquist winner.  Mandy Harvey is far better as a singer, a talent and a story.  Sorry to say it, as Darci is a child, but I mean c'mon.  Really?
What happened at 1:45? Sounded like her voice cracked.
Why did she win Preacher is way better
Angelica Hale is the real winner.
I'm sorry, I know she's talented and everyone loves her, but she didn't deserve to win. There were SO many better acts.
Bop after bop, you guys are saving music this year <3
This is such a bop
YES ADORABLE LITTLE BEANS DO YA THANG! Incredible like always! I knew the ending was coming but I mean ahhhh........ Their next video better be their engagement video I swear to god.
The actors/dancers in the beginning scene at the tables were really really great they were cast well and loooksd so natural doing the transition.. the best part of the song was the bridge therest of the song was flat and boring I was expecting it to be more dynamic
That was SO GOOD. I did not expect it to be THAT good. \nThese people are freaking amazing...I'm done.
Need a choreo video for this!!
She cant help it, shes an android
I live for the awkward scene at the beginning where that chick is totally feeling up Scott but barely paying attention to Mitch. Acting skills on point in this one!
I hate the ending 😂😂
Who can agree that Mitch and Scott and perfect for each other..
I'm that barman at the end
Mitch was so ready to get Blacked...
This is so cute thank u scott and mitch ily
The bartender, at the end, is all of us. 😂
This song means so much to me. I cried. My favorite so far. Thank you Scott. Thank you Mitch.
WHO'S THIS F*CKING HOT DANCER????!!!!!
y'all got janet from the Good Place? nice
come on why you are not kissing????????
i just can't I LOVE THE BEGINING SO MUCH
That face at 2:47 is me on a daily basis
Y'all are firing out new videos like a machine gun and im LOVING IT
Amazing music and video!\nA brasilian  here who loves Superfruit! I listen to your music every day!
Ooh Mitch into the darkskins..... I see you.
I love the whole album but Part Two is my favorite! Hurry Up is my number 1! What's your favorite song everyone?
I keep watching this waiting for the end to change by itself who else
the only reason no one went with with Scott or Mitch is because they know that the fandom will find them, kidnap them and kill them because SCOMICHE IS REAL!! \n\n *I'm really sorry I'm just gonna go away now bye!
They know how to keep people on edge about their secret relationship, eh?
Seriously, how do they bring it EVERY SINGLE TIME
BITCH WHAT IN THE HELL WAS THAT ENDING
THIS. IS. SO. MUCH. FUN.
I wish you all the success in the world.
IM LIVING FOR MITCHS MUSTACHE BTW I ENJOYED THE SONG YOU GUYS DID A GOOD JOB !!!
How to Start a Lawn Business - LawnCompanySecrets.com http://bit.ly/2xBMsDe
The bartender at the end like, uH YES YOU CAN
Yall are snakes for the ending
DANG IT! WHY PLAY ME LIKE THIS 🤣🤣🤣
this has to be my favorite song from future friends
Just when I thought they coudln't get any better
hmm i think mitch and scott never will raise like pentatonix before, it was my opinion
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
God dammit! Its obvious they're meant fo each other~!! #scömiche ❤❤
HOW ARE THEY GONNA ALMSOT KISS LIKE THAT! I have been shipping them since Rather Be came out by Pentatonix dude I love Mitch and Scott but please kiss! That video and song was lit tho I loved it I'm shook
You guys are doing a great job with every single
one of favs from the album
This ending is soooooooo breaking my heart. Love the song though ❤
this is such gold pop music all yall need to take NOTES.
I fu🍓🍓ing love this song😍😍😍😍
IM WATCHING THIS FOR A HUNDRED'TH TIME AND TODAY IM WATCHING THIS WHILE IM AT A BOATTTTT
THE LADY AT THE BEGINNING LOOKS JUST LIKE JANET FROM THE GOOD PLACE
This music video is everything!
*EVERY SINGLE SONG IS A HIT!! HOW IS IT EVEN POSSIBLE?!!*\nI love Superfruit so goddamned much!!
THAT TEASE AT THE END THOUGH
This song is literally me
I swear to fucking God in the heavens above... GET MARRIED!!!!! Y’all are the definition of relationship goals and I look up to you so much as a gay person but y’all make another one of these teasers I will die.
Loving it.  Thank you for another awesome song and vid.
wow that was honestly such a quality video. impressed
Surprise surprise this video is flawless. Love my queens
OMG, ITS JANET. THEY GOT THEIR OWN JANET!!!
The dude at 4:40 is us the fandom just thinking stfu and kiss already
The only thing missing is lesbians 😢
I love that every song in your album is so addictive. Keep on rising!!
IT'S JANET. FROM THE GOOD PLACE
My little girls and I are OBSESSED with your new stuff and I LOVE that all body types, ethnicities, fabulous people are represented in your videos. I truly believe that your music/message transcends all labels and is empowering for everyone - especially kids who are just starting to figure out who they are. <3
Mitch: kisses Scott multiple times in other videos \n\nAlso Mitch: *giggles* I can't.
I can't tell you how fast I got this song on iTunes
LEGENDS ONLY
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww KISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
It's fucking Janet!
JAM!!
IM SHOOOOKKKKKKKKK
Wow another Bop
OH FRICK THAT ENDING THO
Favorite song so far!!
You are AWESOME!!
MITCHY BRINING BACK THE STACHE
The. Best. Song.
🎶🔥❤️🎶🔥❤️🎶
WHY DIDNT THEY KIS GAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I Love!!! 💘💘💘💘
3:46-3:48 thoose jumps Mitchhhh😍😍💦
THIS IS GREAT
Brilliant !!!
GUY.EXE  Want it now!!!! PLEEASE!!!
Janet saying GUY/GUY/GUY? hells yeah.
W H Y
IF THEY WOULDVE KISSED OML
my fav so far!!! love you Queensss
I love this omg
Janice!
Los amo!
THE END SIHIFUHSDFGYSEFGYE FUCK YALL I JUST CHOKED ON MY FUDGING GUMMMMJSHBUGVFGSVUSFV
OMG THIS VIDEO IS EVERYTHING
GUYGUYGUYGUY?????
Omg! I love u ❤️
I just screamed
Love it !!!! <3
YALL AINT FUNNY WITH THAT LAST PART
Is that Janet?
Why...? Just why...!?
Why does Scott always wear suits that are too small for him?
When are they gonna upload the whole segments like Wendy Williams? 😒 Just upload the damn thing.
:/ I wanted to hear the rest *^*
Dang Tamera's hair style thoooo
haters only have a problem with certain interracial couples. e.g.\na black man with a white woman rarely gets any hate.\nbut a black woman with a white man brings on a lot of hate.\nit's pathetic.
What words of wisdom ? You just cut her off tf !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i swear i adore tamera 😍 she's honestly such an inspiration to me she's​ such a strong independent woman a great mother and brilliant wife like she's so wise and intelligent she teaches young girls like me that being intelligent and having morals and being classy is sexy as a 16 year old girl I think she should be a role model to any young girl she's my sista sista 😂❤👏
Only 1 minute😢 I really want more real
I like how she made the point that she heard racist stuff from both white people AND black people. Some people swear that black people can't be racist.
This is the kind of girl chat I was looking forward to this season but these seconds long video urgggg stopppp
Teach em mama
Im in an interracial relationship and I can relate to tamera and adam when it comes to people saying racist things on both sides. It really takes ALOT of love to overcome all of the hate in the world.
Dang, Tamera looks so good! 😍
Haha Loni is making sure they stay right on schedule! 0:45 Thirty seconds
It's freaking 2017, are people really still bitching about interracial relationships???
Her mom is right. Some white men are fake and only want to experiment being with a black or Asian girl and not actually take it seriously. Her mother was just being protective. Tired of these 30 second videos though. Glad I unsubbed
You guys are ridiculous with these clips... you didn't even let us hear the end of her sentence. This is not gonna make more people tune in to the live show... people work and don't have the luxury to record shows!!! HELLO!!
Tamara put love before what people thought. .like every should! Go Tamera
this was real disrespectful, y’all couldn’t let Tamera finish her story tho 😩😭
people in the comments section be so annoying, I swear yall always want to fight
love Tamara in white
I love The Real and I've been watching since the begging here on YouTube cause I can't see it on my tv in Brazil, but now the videos are too short and out of context...what's happening? I wanna see the real talk, their opinions, their beliefs and their discussion about something and not only two sentences
Jasmine curry: I agree with you about tamera. She's an honest woman and very classy. I love her words of wisdom, and although I'm not in an interracial relationship,  I'm married to a black man. I can understand where her mother was coming from, BUT, I also believe that as a woman, or man, it shouldn't matter what race the person is that you love. If that person treats you with respect and loves you unconditionally,  a mom or dad should respect that.
Even if she married a black man, wouldn't it still be interracial?
she is biracial so no matter she dates black or white its still going be an interracial relationship anyway....
She's already biracial so either way it would be an interacial relationship! So why when you are biracial black is ok but white no?? Why does the black takes over the white??? (Because of the one drop rule??)
ok, i need to see the rest NOW!!!!!!!
They are really giving Tam a nicer wardrobe
I don't really understand why her mom would be against it since she married a white man?? And I know it's because they had a hard time but if she chose him for love then wouldn't she trust Tamera also chose Adam that way.
Su rude to just cut off the video where it did...we didn't get to finish hearing the message. Smh. :/
Please keep it coming with the long video clips PLEASE
But but she's half white, so wouldn't it be equally as interracial if she was with a black guy instead?
Tamera looks so pretty
What does adam do to stop white supremacy? I am asking for a friend
My parents had to make a decision and say _Look, are we gon worry about what other people think or are we gon do us and keep it movin'?_ Once they quit worrying about outside chatter, things went smooth sailing. I mean, think about it... People are gonna dog you out no matter what so you might as well be w/ whomever makes you feel comfortable. Man, woman, cat, dog, *you* have to worry about you.
Are Tameras parents still together?
I was about to get in my feels until I realized the video had ended , lmao y'all play too much:,(
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I'm a black female but I love every race and colour
That's awesome advice. I met Tamera's dad...sweet guy!
The editors at the real youtube are really not professional! WTH can we do with a less than a minute of the show?  \nThat's really annoying, and for that reason why I unsubscribed of this channel
black women love dem white boys
👀Look what I got in the mail today !! 5 superhero capes and masks for my daughter's Christmas present . And I got it completely free ☺ All I do is play the app verydice to get free stuff from amazon ! Some stuff I've gotten are ...\n🔹Paw patrol pup pad\n🔹6 lipsticks \n🔹Laptop cooling pad\n🔹$200 Thomas the train set\n🔹 Fisher Price Laugh and learn speaker \n🔹Fisher price Beatbelle \n🔹$130 Graco car seat\n🔹Kids stool\n🔹Kids piano\n🔹Phone case\n🔹Shelf\n🔹Knit headbands\n🔹Aquadoodle\n🔹Book\n🔹Bathtub organizer\nAnd more ! About $600 worth of stuff !\nIt's free shipping and they don't ask for a card number . If you want free stuff as well, download verydice from your app store (black background with 3 green dots) and please enter my friend code 720973 to get started ! If my code doesn't work when you first download it, please enter it in the icon that says NEW.\n💥Make sure you screenshot this so you don't forget 😉
If you going to show us short clips the least you can do is let Tam finish her sentence 🤦🏽‍♀️
dang, y'all couldn't even give us a full minute?
Wow I Felt This One
Why are the videos coming out so short?!
that last part is dope
I'm so confused is this the episode that aired today? Because this isn't what I saw on tv. Can someone please explain that to me.
Adrienne look dead.
Fox News (Adam's employer) have regularly had hosts say interracial marriages are wrong........
Amen to that
UPLOAD FULL CLIPS
💗💗💗💗💗
Awww 😢😢❤
Yes! I love Fri-Yays
I can't stand Tamera's mom. she is always judging Adam cuz he's white yet she married a white boy.
O my goodness! Tamera is not talking about her children! ...(no shade intended)
I refuse to date/marry outside my race.
So i know the main news os Kylie is pregnant BUT I THINK Adrienne is pregnant too!!... U heard it from me first lol
ADAM ADAM ADAM BLA BLA BLA BLA BLA BORING!! 😴😴😴😴😴
Lol her mom sounds super narrow minded. Is she forgetting that Tamera is half white??? Ridiculous! Your own people are the ones who create racism (this applies to every race, mostly)
A podcast by Louise and Emma would just be the best thing 😍
I loved what Emma said about how normal isn't just 'white mums in their 30s' - was such an inclusive and validating statement that addressed the lack of diversity in the mum online community.
I love you two together 😂 Emma is such a legend! Had a bit of a rubbish day and just got into the bath and started watching this, was immediately cheered up by ooh he's fit isn't he 😂 xxx
This video cheered me right up after a bad day of headaches and other health crap. \nI have a friend who is over from Australia. Being disabled and having chronic fatigue, sometimes my house is far from instagram worthy. She always talks me she's come to see me, not the house. \nI might just have to start thinking about starting/ restarting my blog, and start vlogging. I know so many people in the same situation as myself, and we all discuss how there isn't really anything or anyone out there telling it like it is. Today's normal is being in bed since lunchtime, lots of co-codamol and sleep in my oldest and most comfortable nighty. Tomorrow's normal might (hopefully) see me in my craft room making a bespoke greetings card. On Sunday evening, we are off to see Suzanne Vega in concert. Normal is such a diverse range of scenarios, depending on your view point.
My normal right now is eating hummus with my finger! I was dipping crisps but ran out of crisps and still wanted more hummus.
My normal is bed with 9 chicken nuggets sat on my breasts. In a box. Obvs.
I'm really glad you guys talked about the days that aren't amazing, because when you look at social media it seems like everything is perfect and nothing is wrong? But it's fine to have average days and days that go wrong, and you guys shed light on that so thank you ((: 💕💕💕
I love it when you say it's gonna be chatty so put it on whilst your doing something aka get some snacks and hunker down in bed and watch until the end. xx
the all pink hair compliments louise SO much i love it!!
asif my school teacher is a YouTuber now i remember when she thought me R.E haha 😂
Love this community of where we have similar thoughts and ideas and I love coming on here on a Sunday catching up and it makes me feel so good! xx
I just wanted to let you know, Louise, that I quite enjoyed this chatty vlog.
I love this video ,, there needs to be more of this no social media
So refreshing, not the usual unrealistic, copy and paste YouTube chat that we see by so many others!  Loved this! Xxxx
no not fleek, they say lit now
My normal is a day in my pj's looking after my nephew letting him mess my house apart and being a normal messy 1 year old, my living room consists on ride along diggers and a massive toy box that hardly contains toys as there everywhere else😂
I love this so much 😂😂
I was watching this while opening my new xmas tree x
I love this video! I love how casual and sweet it is. Please do more collabs! <3 you
Louise you are looking absolutely bloody stunning in this video, that hair/cardigan combo is a treat never mind that glow you've got going on. Can we also take a moment for when you went to do the ' west side' sign & simply just held your hands up 😆 my kind of cool mum! x
This average chat, about being average, was way far up above average!  Well done  :-)
tHAT'S A PURSE 😂😂😂
Haha an example of my normal yesterday was my toddler running round clutching a box of tampons, as she wanted a snack! Note: tampons aren't a usual snack! 😂😂
I did not know what to expect from this title but this was very enjoyable and comforting!
Loved seeing Emma in your videos recently, totally relate to her personality 😂. I've had to subscribe to her! 💗
good video my daughter has the same mug
Bloody love this vid!! I wanna be friends with you both lol x
Wow I love this so much. I'm a nanny and I follow lots of nanny pages on instagram that post these BEAUTIFUL pictures of themselves wearing nice, trendy clothes and taking their nanny kids (who are impeccably dressed with their hair beautifully done) on expensive and exciting outings where they somehow manage to get the kids to sit still and all look at the camera at the same time. Meanwhile I'm over here with my yoga pants and frizzy ponytail which gets drizzled throughout the day from having stuffed animals rubbed on top of my head, and the living room floor is covered in train track pieces and race cars and dinosaurs and the three year old is wearing one of only three articles of clothing I can get her to wear - almost always her Elsa dress or her Sophia dress - and they're arguing about buckled treble seatbelt faster in the car.  Nannying is a lot like motherhood: it never looks as perfect as people make it out to be, but I LOVE my job and I love my girls, even when it's very, very average. ❤️❤️❤️
If im being honest, i dont really like the look perfect looking people, they kind of remind me of dolls. im sorry perfect looking people, you are still beautiful but i guess i'd just prefer uhh lets say dodie clark over kylie jenner? like they are both pretty but a different kind of pretty
Love this love you guys together love the message
l'm loving your sit-chatty videos and loving todays chat❤
All have a look at Brene Brown on You Tube, most popular Ted Talk of all time. She says the same thing.I am enough is her mantra, gratitude is her way of life.
Words all of the words 😂
my Instagram bio is; a random selection of things I see, things I do and when I feel like it also my face. it's as real as it gets posting literally when I see things I like, when I go and do things, and when I think I look nice of funny a picture of myself. sometimes I post daily sometimes weekly annd other times it takes a month and it's all okay.
I love this video and the message behind it! You girls are fantastic\n\nBig Hugs and Kisses xoxo Sharon
omg the pink hair is such a throwback!
I love you both such inspirations and amazing for keeping it real xx
YES MY LIFE IS COMPLETE.
Louise I think you should name your baby Ayla it’s very unique and not many people have it also not to mention it sounds very cute with the name Darcy!\nAyla and Darcy!!
Emma: Where you're sat now, just take a photo. \nI am literally sitting on the toilet while watching this.. that really doesn't sound like a good idea now, does it? 😂😂
Confidence comes from within and my mother always told me , no one is better than you - they can be the same as you but not better .. i have never felt less than because of this and I am raising my daughters the same.  my house is neat because i have OCD that's me.. you are messy that's you . i don't judge and normal is used incorrectly.  don't judge me because you are insecure or feeling less than.
Oh my god I LOVE THESE TWO SO MUCH.
Feeling super anxious at the moment but this video was really comforting thank you
Love this, honestly made me feel so much better
Any other mums wish Louise was in your mummy group ?!
Yr friend is lovely just my sorta person bubbly like my self x
Grey blazer and that hair. LIFE
This is such an empowering and inspiring video ladies 💕 I love it. It's okay to be normal ✨
Love this. This is what my whole mantra is: you do you. Oxox
This cracked me up so much 😂 I love you two ❤️ such fun for this Friday!
i heart you two! <3
watching your videos is my after-college treat.. so relaxing!!
Emma: Take a picture of yourself right now\nMe: Im in the bath! 😂\nI love you both so much 💗😇
Excellent video from excellent ladies. Thank you for putting this up.
I love Emma so much😻
Completely agree! Love you both!
i love both of you just the way you are! dont change 😊
Aw fucking love you two! Average is so good!
I could watch a good couple of hours of you just talking about random crap Louise
Yes to this! You two are great. :) xx
I’m just sat in my room and I have loads of homework but I can’t be bothered to do it!! 😭
I never post things of the 'perfect person/me' on insta,  I do post selfies every now and then, when I want and I don't care if you can see my spotty forehead because I like posting those pictures.
I love your pink hair so much omyyy😍🙆
You 2 together are just bloody awesome xxx
Lost it at “my face isn’t pregnant” 😂😂
I could've watched 3 hours of this, tbh.
Really ladies think you are just doing anything to get a vlog out !!!!
You have the prettiest eye colour!
This is amazing! I live for little chatty videos like this. I feel like I'm sitting there with you joining in with your conversation. Keep up the great videos Louise! 😊💕
I watched this video tucked up in bed with a galaxy hot chocolate and marshmallows and it really cheered me up because I have laryngitis and feel like crap! X
I'm getting better about comparing myself to others but 100% yes to all of this!!
I wish I had an Emma, or at least a friend as great as Emma. I just have a dog that gives me a shady side eye when I talk to her, or glances at me judgingly when I have ice cream for dinner.
I have few things to say to you; I love you, you are so nice, you are so inspiring, you are very good mother and person. Thank you for being yourself, and thank you for making videos for all of us. Thank you Louise. xx
I LOVE this rambling.  Yes, make it happen.  Start the revolution xxx
I love this 😂
🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 you amazing women!!
I did pink hair!!!
I needed this
loved it!
Love your work, ladies!
Watching this while folding laundry ❤️
Omg Louise ur hair is GORG !!😸✨🌸💖
a very nice chat :)
all the hearts!
lol I liked this!!!
normies
Procrastinating sleep rn 😁
im proper missing the whole “aloha sprinklerinas” :(
😂, Marcus needs to watch the start😂😂
How much did you pay YouTube to get this on trending
You need to lose weight.
is that a british thing? does kids sound more unpolished or lower class than children? i'm genuinely curious. i sensed a mutual understanding between the two of them that suggested it was a cultural thing.
Dear Sprinkle can you please flag me so I don't see your videos coming up in my feed. Reason being, I have no interest in your videos. Thanks 👍
Why is this on trending?
Why do i see u on the trending tab so much to the point where i want to throw myself off a cliff
Can that sofa handle you two fattys
Let's not forget gurrrrrrls - you are the exception to the rule. Most of us norms don't give a crap what brands think. Cos we have normal jobs and use social media to BE SOCIAL. You know. Like actual normal folk.
Sprinkle of tooth gap
Why is this trending
Fucking cocksuckermotherfucker
Man... this is going to be awesome!!!!!
2017 has been lacking in much needed testosterone, movie and show-wise, I hope we don't need to wait much longer for it. It might just be the one Netflix homage that's truly done right. I liked the Daredevil take, an hope to see more, but this one looks like the show they wanted to do, all along.
I'm sorry deadpool but the Punisher's A little more bad ass than you when it comes to kicking ass in sync with the beat. I mean i loved that scene with you in the car but holy shit man you are going to have to step it up a notch in deadpool 2 in order to top this! Absolute Flawless trailer Punisher!!! #Deadpool
The Guilty will be Punished.
Saw Metallica live! BOI WAS IT DOPE! Now I wish everyone had punisher stuff on while headbanging :O
This might just be the best trailer ive ever seen, song choice is excellent n im not a metal fan
Anybody else notice how the machine gun blasts match the double bass at 00:45? I'm so stoked for The Punisher
I can’t think of a more fitting song.
I hope this has John Wick like scenes
Ah yes, the Shadow the Hedgehog of Marvel
In all the Marvel Netflix trailers the song from the trailer always makes it into the show I hope its true for this as one by Metallica is my favorite song they did, plus how good would the show be if they adopted a full on heavy rock soundtrack this looks like a great version of Frank just wish they'd let Garth Ennis do one episode :P lol
Gonna be fu**ing amazing, also I really hope that Matt makes an appearance, even if it is just a little bit
Let's all keep in mind what made Punisher: War Zone a stand out classic!
Punisher Veterans Day calling it now , free food and punisher. I’m not crying your crying
I was so happy when they casted this guy as Punisher. Him and Hardy would of been the best choices
I don't know why but the scene when Ben Barnes walk away from explosion + the music beat is so majestic ! :D
One of my fav actors n comic characters in one
Ever since reading punisher marvel max comics I had always wanted a tv adaptation of punisher and now I'm getting one on Netflix 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙌🙌🙌
I'm Juping way ahead but I want to see Frank and Steve Rogers arguing like daredevil and Frank had there roof top scene in Daredevil season 2
Finally, It's a dream come true!!!
The most convincing Punisher to date! Can't wait for this!!!
I liked the fact they put metallica in here <3
One, by Metallica. Punisher. \nNetflix, I want your babies.
Thumbs up if you looked in the description for the release date and got pissed.
I spotted jon Bernthal with his family watching Monday night raw in Ontario Cali at the citizens business bank arena at the front row VIP area today.  Many people surprisingly shouting out his character Shane from TWD instead of the Punisher lol. I was just a few seats away from the barricade where he sat lol.
first part of trailer was awesome and then it became shit
Shane from the walking dead looks different
How come Tom Cruise didnt get this role? doesnt he get first choice on every H'wood badGOODGUY role?
Him assembling the guns in correlation to the song was..... SO BRILLIANT!!!!!😱😱
Their killing me! WHEN
Hey, a series I might actually watch the whole way through.
The perfect trailer with One, BADASS as Shit
GIVE US THE DAMN RELEASE DATE!
Using Metallica was an excellent decision!
This is going to be so F'in epic !
love this! Holy Wars...Punishment Due was written about the Punisher though. Dave Mustaine was a big fan. Seems like the more obvious choice.
Fuck yea he is finally getting a show
If John wick and frank castle were locked in a room with a pencil, who would come out?
it'll be refreshing not to be worrying about ninjas and just focus on his revenge and warpath....much more interesting
Jesus Christ there has never been a more fitting song for a superhero (or in this case antihero) theme
Alv q buena peli
About fucking time. Let's get some punishment up in here.
I legitimately got a quarter chub from this
I have been waiting for this for so damn long! This is going to be so good
I’d love to play punisher when I’m older
the role of Shane from the Walking Dead was pretty much his audition for this role. Jon Bernthall IS the Punisher.
The Metallica in the background
Cool Netflix  better  not make this crappie  and boring  like all the marvel shows they came  up with
I've watched this trailer at least 10 times now.
Is this a movie or show? what the hell.
next to this CW DC shows look like romantic comedy
Wait I thought his family was killed at the merry go round in daredevil...?
WILL JOHN TRAVOLTA REPRICE HIS ROLE AS HOWARD SAINT??!!!! one could only dream.
If deadpool didn't make money, I'm pretty sure this would have never happened. And I'm glad it did.
This is gonna be the best marvel series on Netflix 👌
Can't fucking wait any longer, and Metallica on the promo fuckin badass, go Marvel
metallica opening, new punisher series. i love it already
I need to watch cartoons after watching this
They cannot try to make him nice. No moral crisis, no change of heart, just killing those that need killing.
You got all that material for a trailer....you at least have episode 1 done, RELEASE THE EPISODE!!!!
I was wondering how long it was going to take for Marvel to get that actor in something.
In a world where most heroes has superpowers, I want to be a guy whose superpower is Gun... Has a... Has a gun.
I've been waiting for this show for so long
The difference between you and I is that when you hit them they get back up and when I do they stay down
im so happy so many people in the comments are as enthusiastic about metallica in this trailer as i am lol i hope metallicas in 50% of the show too then ill watch it
The biggest disappointment about this trailer? The effing release date
Really really hope theres alot of metal in this show. Old school amd new school. Itd be dope.
Ive never listened to metallica (didnt even know it was metallica until i saw the description), but you can tell from the very beginning, before they even get to the metal, that shit is about to go down. Now if youll excuse me, im going to start listening to metallica now.
Release in 2017?  Damn, you work fast, Netflix.
Shadow the Hedgehog 2 is looking great.
The punisher and Metallica yes please
Just went from 6 to midnight.
Darkness is visiting me,  all i can see,  absolute horror..   Thats the reason why i am here... 😁
Those who do evil to others the killers, the rapists, psychos, sadists you will come to know me well. Frank Castle is dead he died with his family call me The Punisher......
Fucking badass!
Punisher + metallica
One
2004 Punisher >  2017 Punisher
premieres globally █████ 2017!!!!!!
Bring the kids! :3
Mcu = tony stark cinematic universe
Punshier, show of 2017
guys watch my latest video
Bones promises both break
1:51 freaking sick...holy shit!!!!
schedule vary value employ swallow earn slowly dry.
METALLICA
HELL YEAH! METAL!!!
Looks lame.
nice
Best Trailer ever!   Punisher and Metallica!!!!
I can't remember anything
Hee hee, im gonna kill em all. I see what you did there
Jon Bernthal, once known as Shane, now to be known as... The Punisher.
Bargains\nImprisoning me\nAll that I see\nAbsolute savings\nWhat a great deal\nWhat a great find\nLook at these jeans\nDamn I look sexy as *HELLLLL!*
ONLY FUCKIN SUPERHERO SHOW TO WATCH!!!! FUCK YOU INHUMANS!
this is shane before the outbreak
DARKNESS IMPROSONING ME
i cant fucking wait
Simply the best edited trailer with a kick ass music track! If you like this watch my editing skills  https://youtu.be/4_REBm_16p0
🚨 I CAN'T EAT ANYMORE LASAGNA!🚨  What is one food you couldn't live without? Let me know down below.\nWanna indulge in more Life Noggin? Click here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8L0MzSk_V6LtaKh-Eqj7Cs4Tmf5iQPx4
I ate 4 éclairs while watching this video :)
Make a video of what will happen when you stop eating
beans humanity would not be able to survive without it. it last for years its easy to make and it tastes good and has all the nutrients you need
i dont know if im the only one but, did this videos make you hungry?
I can't live without lasagna, that would be a sad sad world without it haha
*takes a bite of chocolate*\nIt's obvious that chocolate is cocaine.
I can not live without pizza
Ham it is the best
TBH this is my life
I already learned all of this stuff in middle school lol its still work watching this though
I can't live without eating ass.
I got an ad for BED...(binge eating disorder)
Am I the only one that got a binge eating ad?
I couldn't live without boneless pizza
Making your own bread will drastically reduce your sodium intake.
I could never live without Gold Fish!
who else is guilty of eating too many fruit snacks? just me? alright back to the corner of shame I'll go
Pizza it is so good I eat it twice a week
I couldn't live without dog meat
Burritos 🌯 AND Tacos 🌮 there the BEST food on the PLANET 🌎
Clorox needs to dial back the volume; I'm not buying bleach no matter how loud you are.
Ice cream is what the food I can't live without
Can't stop eating ice cream !😖
wow did you know im watching this on my 3ds
im eating Fruit by the foot rn,\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThis wont stop me
Who is watching this video while eating food
If you won’t stop eating you will go In a food commma and die becuase you had to many food comas
I COULD NOT LOST BACON AND FRIED CHICKEN AND SPECIALLY BURGER
I was eating a bunch of goldfish as I watched and was surprised that you mentioned salt
yo don't joke about spoon full of peanut butter alone... that shit's delicious.
I can't live without pizza 🍕
dude im at my grandparents' house right now and i know just how you feel bro
I can't live without pizza
why do we have dreams and nightmares
It's coke it's soda but damn it's taste so good
I could not live without pumpkin pie
Hey blocko make a video if we never studied what would happen
This is a really good channel because it makes you learn a lot
My mom had stomach cancer but with her golblatter cuz of too much salt
please tell me why it rains everytime its my birthday\nmy birth day is Jan 12\nand yes im 10 ._.
This is how i finna kill myself
Life noggin, you are awesome I watched lots of your videos
you will get fat
The grandma part is awfully  true
Simple answer: You’ll blow up like the Boomer in Left 4 Dead.
I love your videos man but you try too hard to be funny and at times it is really cringe. Love your vids, but let it flow
You guys are my favourite 👍🏻
What makes your voice go squeaky when you inhale helium
today is 25 september ,monday BUT WHERE IS UR UPLOAD
Can't do without chocolate
You mean what if I kept eating fast food or fruits and veggies?
I cant live without my favorite thing to consume... BLEACH!!!
We would get fat no duh
2:53 I swear I was actually watching this at my grandparents house!!!😂 soon I'll be having bangers and mash don't give me too much please!
I got an ad for binge eating disorders
A food I can't live without is muffins
Next, you should do the science of 3D maneuver gear from aot
Who made god? Then who made him
I would like to die while eating too much pizza it seems like a nice death
French friea
Pizza and beautiful butter chicken
PEANUT BUTTER
CHICKEN
Cereal 😂
CHEEBURGER
Danish mcfries from MC D
Tacos!!! 🌮🌮🌮
Patio
wow..  😦😦😦
1:38 idubbbz
One more wafer?
Code 1=p 3=z 9=I 5=a \n\n\n19335
1:37
I couldnt live without....\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPizza!!!!!!!
Video starts at 0:00
Slim jims and steak
Cookies
CHICKEN \n\n\n\n🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗
doughnuts
i couldnt live without sushiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
I CANT LIVE WITHOUT PIZZA! <; (
PIZZZZAAA!!!!!!!!!!
pizza
Pasta Boiiii
Guacamole
PIZZA
ILLUMINATI!!!
All junk food
Probably fried rice.
Donuts
PIZZZAAAAAA!
I ate too much ass
I love pizza!!
Dry meat
Water
mcdonald's
Tacos and Apple Juice
#BlockosGrandmaGivesTooMuchFood
*I'm hungry.*
Lol you guys should've gone to a bar && had a drinking contest && then switch em out lmao
love love love these vlogs
i also thought that you guys didnt switch bags
They should've done it with twins who exactly look like each other lol but the merrell twins did awesome😂😀
(a love story of marley and cole)\ncole why don't you love me any more\nmarley yes I do\ncole do you look at any other boys besides me\nmarley no never\ncole do you hope to get married with me some day\nmarley I hope to\ncole are you gonna break up with me\nmarley no\ncole do you love me \nmarley yes\ncole do you look at guys\nmarley ...\nread it back wards wow twisted
Like If I Tricked U\n\n\n\n\n*Read More*
You and your other boyfriend were better
Wow did he even know
Please follow me on Instagram and like all my pictures 🙏🏻 allymaibell
im a twin 😀
Love coffe
W
Vanessa is taller
YES MERRELL TWINS OMG YAY
Lol
Wow the Merrel twins are gorgeous
I looooooove the merrel twins
do truth or dare
Where the fuck isac
You see me scrolling
Your gloating!\nYour both gloating!!
another boyfriend
Amazing
Such a hilarious vid
Hhhhhhhh
I saw Guava Juice Box
RACHEL VANESSA AND VERONICA YAAAAY😍
Hi
Oops sorry wrong spelling of merrell
Anyone watching while breathing?
yaaaas
YAYYY MERRELL TWINS
the merrel twins are my favs
Love merell twins
Omfg
WHAT HAPPEND TO ISAC
Do more diy vids
The guava juice box!!!!!!!
Oh I laughed so hard
OMG😗😗😗
There so pretty😍
1st \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNumber of pie is 3
I would have definitely find out the first time, they don't look that much alike. But that was a really fun video !
I love her animation in the middle it was so cute
Omg! Now do a collab with the Dolan Twins
She broke up with her old boyfriend?!? I never knew
Go to the Dolan Twin Warehouse
Couldn't have clicked on a video any quicker!!😊 so funny!!
As there tends to be in a farmers market sammeee like that sarcasm tho
WAIT DID RACHEL AND ISACC BREAK UP, WHEN?!?!?!?!
It was a good video but I think the boyfriend was acting the entire time
It was boring but funny
Aren't they on Jane The Virgin?
They should do parents for a day
I can tell them apart
But they've got different bags for soo long and he didn't noticed but he still managed to notoiced that stain... I mean okay...
when you watch The Merrell Twins so much that you can see the differences in their faces...
their switches were so smooth lol
Tyler  looks like he has a black eye
He figured it out by the smallest coffee stain EVER! 😂😂😂 if only Veronica didn't spill her coffee.....
I'd catch it cause I've watched the Merrell Twins pretty much since they started so thy hardly look alike to me anymore
Who noticed that they had, different color nails ?
I wish I had a twin
Y’all are beautiful and amazing you’re an amazing and wonderful YouTuber❤️❤️
U broke up with your old bf
Omg the ending though had me laughing!!
Guys did you see the guava juice box
Tyler: Why'd I get tagged in a picture of a shoe\nRachel: You look like a shoe\nTyler: I look like a shoe?\nVeronica comes in
Can you do more collabs with the merrell twins cuz I love the merrell twins and you Rachel
She should have said that she has a tide to go pen so he still wouldn't have noticed
The reason I don't watch ur vids no more its bc the other nd was better xD
I knew the coffee stain was gonna give it away. But part of me didn't think Tyler would even worry about the stain after he called it out like I thought he would just forget about it. That was so funny ahaha
One was wearing black nail polish and the other was wearing white
Haha he was hurt when Vanessa said she didn't want the s'mores
Please do a room tour
Who else has been writing for the merrell twins to meet Rachel . BEST DAY EVER!
Honestly I would've noticed because I am tell them apart
TBH people want a twin but I don't I only want one of me and no look alikes and what if she steals my boyfriend and my stuff and Idk I just don't want one
youtubers are the worse.. they get paid to trick people that love and trust them.
Outdoor mall yeah is that just a town
OMG MERREL TWIN!!!!!
Idk why but it kinda seemed like Tyler was flirting with the twins
Omg they are from Jane the virgin
I loved the twins in the standoff!!!
HAHAHAHAHAH 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I can tell them a part since I watch they the firt time cuz I have a twin friend too so that easy for me
Who was rec?
That was awesome!!
He
I would've caught them cos i know them\n\nLike if u agree
I put my phone on airplane mode\n\nI threw it across the room\n\nIt didn't fly
Is these Guy her new boyfriend???
I thought your boyfriend was Isac
Can u do a collab with liza koshy
Wait did he go to the Brewers game cause I was there and I fell like I saw him
Did anyone noticed that they are wearing different earrings?😂
omg someone sould do it with lisa and lena
Did u break up with isic
I remember being an og subscriber
The merral twins got him good
Tbh I don’t even do gymnastics I play soccer but I love ur video because of ur positivity
Ey up Nile! good luck at the Worlds. Hope to see you on thursday next week for the AA finals. You and the GB squad are gonna smash it! ;)
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
No fails for Max?
i feel cheated, i didnt get to see two hot guys in one bathtub, the inhumanity of it all:)
Hope it's not too late for votes, mine definitly goes to Purvis
talk to plan zero about doing a kind of tricking vs gymnastics video
Omg I live in canada
Nile is probably one of the most positive guys on YouTube. His videos never fail to make me smile.
Um Nile... the steering wheel is on the wrong side. I think your car is broken.😱
Purvis has the best fail
I mean Dan's gotta win but James' are for sure up there😂
Purvis deffo had the best fail! I cried laughing
You seem like an annoying younger brother in this video.
you should make a video of trying girls gymnastics
I agree, the vault one! Only one that made me laugh cause the others looked bloody painful lol
I'm voting for Mr. Frazzle
Danny's is the best fail
What happened to the ultimate gymnastics challenge??
James 's fails were really funny!!! 😂😂😂
James x'D especially when he gives up in the first clip hahah, but gottta admit Danny's fail is hard to top loll, poor him!!
James for the fail / win made me 😂 and congrats for making the team keep up the hard work
The second one hitting the bars in the worst place possible 😂 nile's videos are my daily dose of good looking, charming men that are painfully absent in my own life
Nile, cringiest: Your fall on the high bar.  It echoed thru the building.  Funniest:  the Purvis, definitely! Love the video!
JAMES HAS MY VOTE ☑😂😂
I just go harassed by kids at a park
how high can you jump on a trampoline oml
Congratulations on making the team for Worlds. I look forward to the vlogs from Montreal! I'd love if you could get the four girls involved in your videos there. Huge congrats to Claudia, Amy, Alice and Georgia-Mae too.
funniest and best one was Danny's
Loved these fails 😃 I think my winner is James.
The first and purvis
Voting for Danny that always fails the intro and almost killed the judges  XD XD XD
Falling on top of the jugdes has got to be my favorite one lmao
Aw you missed the best part about purvis fail when the judge grabbed his thigh and wouldn't let go for dear life!  Haha
The one that fell into the judges was the best fail! 😂
Never clicked a video so fast
The best one was the one that fell on the judges
Danny def won it was hilarious x
that guys the most smallest man nips ever to exist!
I always wished that I stuck to gym ya know?😂😭
This looks really good and funny lol
You, my friend are hilarious🙌🏻🙌🏻🎉🙏🏻😂😂😂❤️❤️😂😂
Lmao 😂😂😂 I vote James , its was a fn good laugh
Interesting.. I always wondered what those hand guard things were.
World Championships in Montreal, Quebec, Canada!!!\nOctober 2-8th 2017\nLooking forward to seeing all you guys!
The fails look so painful 😩
Has to be dan
No hate or anything but why is this guy always on the trending page with like 200k views. Again no hate  just wondering 🙃
I love your video! Out of all the people I subscribe to on youtube I look forward to your videos the most! Keep them coming!
James and Danny I laughed cried with James fails... 💜
Why are you always on trending...
Lol, Danny knew he fucked up so he took out the judges before they cast their vote 😂
Purvis just wins this shit hands down for falling into the judges. Such a beautiful moment in gymnastics, lol.
Great video as usual - so entertaining !
Danny falling on the judges
He's got some natural wavy brows :'D
I think the best wipe uot was niles hair it looks like a pineapple\n\nSorry nile
looks so painful!
Aha purvis has my vote
Danial' one easy 😏
Love you Nile
Nile
Ginger guy is jokes
Purvis
6:01
Nike or joe
Danny won
Nile has the best fails lol hahah 😂
Frags the little cutie! 😂
Danny wins for sure
You got Tiny nips
152s fail is so funny
nile worst
You love dancing
Nile got buns 😂😂. Frazal had the best fail
James won
Danny, lol
Dan has my vote. WHOOS WITH MEEE
Danny
The ginger 1 won!! 1000%
Purvis definitely
Hi
5.41 ur face
10 on trending Nile
Danny
Haz un vídeo en español
What's the intro song
Whats the song called on niles intro
Nile - Could you explain why a couch puts a pad across the high bar when you are practicing.
how do you get into the olympics
why do you need a mouth guard thing at 2:55
what age were you when you started gymnastics
Why was Nile wearing a mask
Nile what are the biggest benefits of taking a ice bath?
2:50 what's that huge Bane-style mask thing?
Do you ever get told to stop filming whilst your at these places training ??
What's the mask for that you're (Nile) wearing at 2:48?  Great videos!
Just broke my ankle yesterday doing double doubles. Thanks for the motivation, haha
What about the guy who broke his leg in rio does stuff like that freak you out when you compete on the world stage?
At 5:43 Nile says to James Mate, stop ______! What is he saying? I've been trying to figure out that word since Nile's dad gassed him in an earlier vlog. Trying to expand my Yorkshire slang knowledge lol
Looks like people missed the point of this video. This video is NOT a persuasive video. It is an informative video. It provides solace for those who willingly do not want to have kids by providing science behind why their decision is sound and/or beneficial. It is not bashing on people who have kids, nor is it telling you, you shouldn't have kids, it's saying that if you do not want kids, that's cool, here's some science to back you up. I honestly do not get why everyone is getting worked up over this.
If you can't even take care of yourself, you shouldn't have children until you can. The End.
Or the large life complication of being grumpy as fuck. - my life for the last 3 years working a 6 a.m. shift as a night owl @.@
It's okay you guys. I don't like kids either. So send me to hell, I'm just not a child person. LOL
How will you pass on your blood line and genetics?
greatly agree about the overpopulation, bc theres alot of homeless ppl and we need to provide for them, yet the earth cant really keep up with the amount of people. if u want a child you could consider adopting! there are millions of orphaned children throughout the world who really need a parent (s). this by no means shames those who do have children btw
I guess this is a cure for global warming...
Excuse the fact that I'm an idiot, why is this video so dramatically unpopular
People without children would write better comments on this video than people without.
All of that is so true! Having kids is EXHAUSTING both physically and emotionally. But, that's only one side of the coin said by people who've never experienced having a child. It's like saying going to the gym, gardening, college, etc., don't come with sacrifice and hard work, all of which can make you and society much stronger and from which we learn. Most definitely people should NOT be having children to fulfill their family and friends expectations, this is absolutely irresponsible. There was a time when I thought I'd never have children because of my lifestyle. My decision to have children definitely did not come lightly, and I've taken an approach very different than the standard status quo. To make the choice to have children is to choose to sacrifice and contribute something positive to the world, IF you are doing it responsibly. There is no job more important than raising another human being. This may make you feel uncomfortable and upset for me saying it, I did me before I was a parent, but its the truth. Those without children, whether their own or adopted, only see the tilling of the soil, the muddy boots, the back pain, the pests eating away the young plant. From the outside, they can't see the little buds forming, the roots growing, the plants growing stronger. Certainly they CANNOT taste the fruit! You gotta get dirty to appreciate gardening. I don't mean to say you've gotta enjoy getting dirty, I mean to say you've gotta do it to truly enjoy the harvest. \n\nThere is a mental and hormonal shift that comes with parenthood, you can't experience it from babysitting or passively watching your friends and family raise their children. Amongst all the sleep deprivation, wasted money, and overall change of lifestyle, there are amazing moments that seem to balance it all out. Time stands still in the precious moments our children create. Money doesn't matter. Your smokescreen identity in your career or lifestyle don't matter. Your tired body couldn't care less. \n\nFor those of you who think children will wreck your relationship, YES, they sure as hell can. IF you are already weak. Otherwise parenting WILL strengthen your ability to work together, your love, your ability to compromise, make you more compassionate, more patient, and all around change you in ways you can't currently see from inside the window. \n\nOne last thought. Do we REALLY think humanity would have continued if there was nothing to gain emotionally from raising children, from parenting? Silly childless people, you know nothing. ;) Now, thank your mother for having you! \n\nAnd remember, kids don't actually NEED that much stuff. Kids don't actually COST that much money.  But they DO need your time and unconditional LOVE, something kids rarely get these days. THINK about it. Don't let society and the statistics of consumerism dictate your life choices.
Why are you thinking depopulation is a bad thing? The world’s already so fucking overpopulated (7.4 B to be exact) we don’t need more!
This shit is why Trump is going to win a second term.
Title: Why You Shouldn't Have Kids\nLiterally the first sentence in the video: Its noones place to tell you, rather you should have a kid or not ... \n*find the error*
Almost 2/3 of the voters didn't watch past or understood the first 15 seconds of the video... :\
I love how a week ago you were all about scaring us on how population is decreasing and now you make this so we stop having kids???
I think having kids in nowadays society is selfish. People get kids only for selfish reasons like 'awww I want a family' and 'aww kids are sooooo cuteeee' but they only enjoy the first 6 years while the child is still a child. Life is not a fairytale and we all know it, yet we still decide to bring another human being into this world. All we do in life is going to school, going to work, paying taxes and die. I think its selfish for me to decide that another human being must go through that shit. Especially in our generation with the internet the kids wont have a normal childhood anymore. The suicide rate is growing every year because the internet disconnects us and we are losing motivation to follow the same routine everyday. Thats not a life worth living, in my opinion. If you want to be such a good person better adopt a child that was already brought into this world and try to make their life better. But nooooo most people want their own kids...
they're queers...what do they know
And yet each mother is so happy when she has her baby in her arms. \nHomosexuals have to shut their mouth, their sickness is not ours
I love you guys!!!
Next Video: WHY WE NEED IMMIGRANTS TO SAVE OUR AGING POPULATION
Why you shouldn't have kids: because you are short-sighted, selfish, and unwilling to allow anyone to be more important than yourself.
At 2:35 the moron makes the world population argument.  He fails to realize that the developed world is going down in population.  Europeans and Japanese  are destined to become extinct.  Chinese got rid of the one child per couple edict.
Duuuddeesss people get angry when you admit some people don't want kids and there are actually negatives to the child-raising game. Parents complain all the time about their kids and the negative things people don't tell you about, but when someone repeats them in scientific form, that's not allowed. If they were parents themselves and ended the video with an actual 'propaganda' message about how it's still the best thing in the world to do and you should go forth and procreate NOW, it'd be fine.
Yes, i think (((you))) shouldn't have kids.
Two feminized bastards are talking about not having kids...what can go wrong with hits??
Why are people saying there telling WHITE people to not have kids because there premoting depopulisation of the western world they didn't bring race up 1 time in this video.
NEEDED THIS!! Everyone is pressuring me
I thought that functional illiteracy was a really big problem here in Italy, but you guys are no joke too. \nFirst, just looking at the title of this video I knew the contents and complaints that I'd have found in half of the comments.\nThe rest of the one who watched to the entire video, I assume, looked at it waiting for the right sentence to cling on and start shouting: white genocide! Or white lives matter! Or fuck you homos...sadly I was right.\nA question though formed in my mind. If you know who this two guys are and what they do for living you'd know that this isn't propaganda of any kind but an informative video talking about what is usually not said.\nInformal conversation:\n-hi, how old are you?\n- I'm 26 \n-are you married? Got any kids?\n-not yet but I don't want kids \n-you'll change your mind trust me, kids are so important! You will regret it! You won't feel fulfilled if you don't procreate!\nNever heard something like that? \nBy the way, if you don't know them? Before attacking them just watch to some of their videos to see what they really mean when they talk about any kind of topic. Nothing! They don't mean anything! They just go find informations for people who are too lazy to do it and try to help them understand different aspects of their life (yes, science and life are the same) and teach something other then who won the last football match.\nDon't worry though, I can't wait to have children!
i love how the nail polish matching with his t-shirt
Here's another fact about having Kids:\nwatch?v=GGNxxMCbsvo
Thank you for the video! I was hoping you guys would make something about your perspective on this - I agree.
Is the next one going to be titled Why you should kill yourself? Because if you continue this logic that where you'll inevitable end up.
What happened to respecting each others life decisions? If you wanna kid, cool, you don't wanna kid? Cool! Who gives a shit, their life is not your business and it is not an insult to their families or their country. THEY DON'T OWE HUMANITY A CHILD! k bye.
jfc I’m so sorry u guys have so many haters keep up the great vids
They know the cost of everything, and the value of nothing.
Cynicism and sarcasm should not be mixed with information. And if you want to truly convey objective information then you should at least try to show both sides rather than just say, well we don't say having kids is bad but we basically think you are stupid if you do. That puts you on the level of a brat rather than a valuable part of society. It appears that we are surrounded by Brats who demand their rights and for everybody to cater to their whims while the truly sacrificial effort of raising children properly, is downplayed as something counterproductive and dumb.
these same creeps will tell Europeans they need to embrace immigration because of low birth rates. (((thanks)))
Because there's a possibility they would try to kill you in your sleep
Your parents probably agree with you.
Point 1- Greg, love how your nail polish matches your shirt! <3 \nPoint 2- the highest birth rates come from less developed countries. I wonder why? I guess people in developed countries have it good and are way too attached to comforts that lessen somewhat when having a child – so very sad. Our dependence on comfort will be the end of us. People in less developed countries certainly don’t ponder over how much it will cost (there is no money to begin with, so nothing to lose), over the damage to their welfare (there is none to begin with, so again, nothing to lose), over the discrimination in a job application process (there are no jobs to start with, so once again, nothing to lose)…\nWhen we strip off all the indulgencies of modern society, all that remains is…err…raw life? A good reason to have a kid, obviously. \nI would like to pose a little exercise for anyone/everyone who reads this: if you had nothing to lose, what would be your reason to have a kid? I’m also in the game, since I don’t have children.
I'm a liberal, but these SJW's/'progressives' are really getting on my nerves.. My conservative friends are looking more sane everyday.
*Okay, so I see that there is a lot of disagreement, but like.... Did you not see the outro?*
This video is aimed at white people.
It's a fantastic idea because most AMERICANS are too self centered and can't personal responsibility of their own lives. Millie nails are too self absorbed and think the world revolves around them
One of the last sentences is giving you some GOOD reasons not to have kids. There really aren't any good reasons here: oh no, you're not gonna be as happy - selfish, oh no, they cost money - they drive you to become more efficient and earn more, oh no, a woman will be less employable - for like 14 years until the kid is more or less responsible, after you have like the rest of your life to work, you know how long people live?! Do the math on the portion of your life less employable vs the rest of it! Carbon footprint - that's just an atrocious anti-humanistic argument. No, kids aren't really a bundle of joy most of the time but they are the greatest source of meaning in any person's life. This video doesn't provide you with good reasons not to have kids, but with half arsed excuses to stay selfish and immature, to keep on being an undeveloped human being that cares about nothing but their own petty little life.
What if... your parents watched a video with the same topic....\nYou wouldnt exist ;-;
Kids just seem like too much for me. A small human depending on you for 18 years sounds stressful and expensive. Small children are adorable but then  they turn into asshole teens and start talking back and shit. No thank you!
let's not have kids because they'll cost more \nlet's not have kids because there's more children in africa \n\njust fuck off
So how much money did Soros pay for this?
I guess i can understand why people hate lgbt media , please host a vegan to inform us about how to cook our stake next time.
Jesus the comments.  I totally appreciated this video as a woman who doesn't want kids.  I don't hate kids,  and took this with the humor it was presented.  People without kids are often forced to hear about the wonders of having children as well as being told we are selfish for not.  This was a fun and silly attempt at some balance, calm yo tits people.
Go and tell the niggers to stop breeding then
Yes, blacks are overpopulating the world and doing harm to the environment. They should consider not having kids to prevent oppression.
i cant listen to any man that wears nail polish..sorry just can't.
You also consider that children are our future, and white population is older and older in EU and US. Our meaning of life is to improving ourselves but also we can learn that children what is right values, we can also make this world better place if you teach our children what is right, and what isn't right. Our job is to trace directions in life of our kids, but not to force them to do things that we think are good for them. At the end, we are all mortal, when we're old, it is much better to have grown up kids, which are grown up to honest people, rather than be alone, isn't it ?  That is why we should have kids...\n\nAlso rich people has less children than poor people...
You shouldn't have kids if you are african/live in Africa. Europeans(white people) are dying out because there are not kids while middle-eastern and africans have around 5-6 kids, if you are going to tell someone not to have kids tell it to the middle-eastern and the africans and not to the europeans(white people). If you are an european or european-american have more kids, don't listen to those guys here, keep your people and your culture alive.
Gonna have 20 kids just cause of this vid.  Thanks for reminding me there are people out their that support white genocide.
Co2 is a harmless gas that actually makes the earth greener. And because you don't have children you are childish adults
Sucks that nobody told this your parents.
Two homosexuals talking about a subject with which they are biologically removed from by personal choice. BUMP! Hey guys, newsflash, humans exist and have evolved to the point where you can share your toxic opinions, BECAUSE HETEROSEXUALS HAD KIDS ... oh that's right though, you don't see the health and existential prerogative of greater society from the point of view of a stake holder. Got it.
Watch the response video,\nWhy You Should Have Children (Response to Greg and Mitch) by Coach Redpill
The birth rate in my country is lower than death rate,there are a lot of old people (the average is >40 years) and our economy and retirement system are fucked.\n\nRaising a child is hard,not everyone are responsible parents, but if many don't have kids there will be consequences and you two didn't want to cover that side for whatever reason.
You know north America accounts for 8% of the world's population ? I think we're okay lol
1:36 maybe because women are traditionally the caregivers and we're making 'progress' because now men care for kids too???????
I am baffled as to why two unmarried gentlemen with zero child-rearing experience are opining on this subject of children.  It is well known that children are costly and cause sleep deprivation.  What these fine fellows cannot possibly understand is the joy and satisfaction that parenting brings.  Not to mention seeing ones progeny, and, dare I say it, the NECESSITY of bringing sound, intelligent tax-paying citizens into society.  Otherwise, who will pay in to the system to ensure the non-child bearing citizen's lavish retirement benefits?  Additionally, if the gentlemen in this video are serious about overpopulation, they would best head to Africa and start preaching birth control.  Either that or they could off themselves, for the good of the environment.  :)
homosexuals are a genetic and evolutionary dead end. the future belongs to those who procreate.
*Coming from homos who can't have kids*
If you don't have kids you can be a selfish self centred bitter cunt forever, without ever having an adult responsibility or a stake in the future of civilisation.\nThis video gave my cancer it's own cancer.
Kaka cute videos
My dad is MY DAD.
Agree！
Does this motherfucker have painted finger nails.
Best video ever!!!!!
Eugenics, satanism.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUJMR3BUm2s
So much homofobia Jezus christ
Try explaining that to Asians!
Two ugly losers.
Super Cucks #CulturalMarxism
Speaking of health probs, teach us about distended anuses.
I still want kids...
Fucking degenerates kill yourselves
ALWAYS PULL OUT
But my daughter makes me happy.\nWhy would i take (((advice))) from two campy twats? You barely count as human.
Somebody had you two..
Continuing your bloodline is the closest you get to immortality and that's also what you literally exist for. By not having children, you are literally useless and your existence is unimportant. You are only a burden to the human race, because you are a self-centered shitsponge and you only focus on yourself, not your job and place in society, not those are to come after you, and not those before you who wanted to get that job done and had given birth to you, hoping that you would help them achieve it. If you think this way, you are an inconsiderate tard, and you have failed as a human.
Don't have children i agree we don't want people like you on earth, be gone bitch
Overpopulation is not an issue in developed countries, in fact, often times the birth rate is lower than the replacement rate, like in Germany. The only solution to stop the global population from exploding is for either the governments of countries with these issues, like India, to fund programs that educate their people to have less children, or for the cultures of such places itself to change and model themselves after western ways, so having two children becomes a societal norm. Don't guilt people into not having children with your overpopulation scam, because the developed world's population is stable and even dipping in some places. You aren't as smart as I had earlier believed, I'm disappointed you would present such an uneducated argument to try to convince people who are on the fence not to have kids.
Ha! Like I'm gonna listen to two cum eaters who can't have kids tell me I shouldn't have kids. GTFO!
White genocide at its finest....
These guys shouldn't have kids.  Ever.  Other, better, people, however, should continue having kids.
LOL these guys should definitely not have kids!
God hates sodomites
I have chosen to not have children, just like I have chosen to not be an astronaut or a doctor or lawyer. I am no more selfish for choosing not to have children than I am for my personal career choice.  I find meaning in my creative projects, work, and personal relationships with others. Instead of having children of my own, I can help to improve the lives of children that already exist, by being a mentor and a leader. If I don't have children of my own, I can devote my time to other children who might value me as a leader.
I'm not even going to watch your video, but you're fucking stupid.
I'm so glad you retards cannot procreate...
It's way more intellectual easy to find out why people shouldn't have kids, the brave thing to do would be to make a video that goes against your own views, namely, why you should have kids. Maybe that would help people more and teach them that the goal of life isn't to be super selfish?
All this is bullshit, all the crap they talked is only relevant for like the first couple of years.
I see other videos supporting socialist garbage on this channel. You have a moral obligation to have children if possible in a socialist society. Otherwise you're likely a free rider unless you have something amazing to offer the world as a whole. And these two likely don't qualify.
Okay but when did they ever direct this solely at white people? They never said white people should stop having kids but everyone else go ahead. In fact, they didn't say to stop having kids at all. They were just pointing out the reasons why it's okay not to have kids.
Oh gosh, the comment section of this video is idiotic. Watch the freaking video before you comment, for goodness' sake! \n\nLeaving that clear, thank you very much for this video, is always nice to see a little support at not wanting to have kids, since quite a few people seem annoyed when I say I don't want them ._. As if it were their life!
Rub some bacon on it
Why did you make this horrible movie
Sure it's stupid but it also looks entertaining and I'm gonna see it
Sooooo the board game made itself into a video game? Sounds like a stretch. I bet they added that after people complained there was no board game in the original trailer. Smart move, but not sure it'll work.
Making my favorite childhood movie a horror movie to 5 year olds
I'm watching this money it looks so good ;)
I love welcome to the jungle song
This movie has only one thing going for it.. Jack Black..
Back when I was a kid, I watched Jumanji a couple of times. This looks like nothing compared to the old film but interesting. But I'll always know Robin Williams from the old movie.
Finally the rock has made again an other video
90s Movies are being raped by Gen Z for real.
they had me at karen gillan
Not the same without robin williams.
That good to be the best movie
its 2017 its obvious game style changed ...dont just look at old style of game
Pure shills people in the comment section.
I wish Robin was around to do a cameo.  I miss him.
Nothing will beat the original but this looks interesting
Do you still loke Wwe and do you like John cena
Jack Black has a bow tie?....... Bow ties are cool\n\n\n\n\n\nI'll leave
now its just a bad creepy pasta
i can't wait for it :D :D it's pretty fuckin awsome
I want to like this 10 million times!!!!!!!!
Who else really really wants to watch this movie and can't wait for it to come out
Is that Amy Pond?
I was hoping we’d see some giant spiders or three headed fish
I'll only watch this for Karen Gillan.
very wwoo the rock king
lmao they all changed except the nigger. Once a nigger always a nigger i guess.
School nerdy, virgin girl finds herself in the body of a hot woman - she'll be shagging everything. Oh, it's a family picture so maybe she won't.
noo...a modernized version of a board game becoming a computer game...this ain't what Jumanji is about -.-
Not gonna lie, that lineup is stacked :)
was worried this was redoing the Robin Williams movie, actually this looks pretty good
So the board game turned into a video game? And did they try to imitate the scene in Jurassic world where Chris Pratt is riding his motorcycle with the raptors
When does this come out??\nand is the main guy (the guy who burried it the first time)(actor of genie) okay or Is he dead?
Why do they have to remake movies nowadays they make them evil? And they have swear words in them too and they have kids watching them that's wrong.
The usual illumanti owned actors getting millionaire movie roles..
this is the dumbest shit i have seen this year  wtf leave jumanji alone this is garbage
Nothing is original anymore, just reboot after reboot
Son base somewhat suspect ours slightly dark much.
Good God no cake
Rip robin williams :(
Aha quita y plque
ship focus baby contest while attack taste trading bite general.
Can you smell what the rock is cooking
I do think the film will good, but in my opinion I think it takes away a bit Robbin Williams legacy of making a Jumanji 2
Way to ruin a classic. You combined all the cancerous elements of modern day hollywood and wrapped it into one movie. And you wonder why people flee the movies in mass.\n\nFuck you, Hollywood.
Ain't the same with out Robin Williams.
where the Whovians at?
I saw the trailer Lready it was the add at the start of the video
Hey Rock, how do you like that Illuminate cock?
there's 3 lives in each characters and im guessing there's one character will be doing some tragic scene with only 1 live left
Black Guy: Am I still black?\nGirl: yeah \nBlack Guy: Then I’m fine! \n*explodes* \nMe: *dead laughing*
Rip Robin Williams from the 1st one :/
Well done movie trailer the whole plot of the movie rune and you spoiled a lot of funny and action scenes. So when people see or if they see the movie they will now what parts are coming before hand
So this is going to be a very different kind of movie than the Jumanji of '95, and that's a good thing.\nHMMM
So. What the fuck? It looks so bad it looks great!
For two decades it went untouched, until THE IP RESURRECTION WARS!
Wait your still alive?! My mom said you were dead HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE
I'm really confused at this movie, but I guess the rock is in it so really can't be that bad.
Karen :3 ufff cute girl sexy
This movie will suck
Cool\nNice
yeah...no thanks
No
They killed Kevin Hart with... diabetes? WTF?!
SAO? xD
This is gay
+Amir Hadzic
Nick jonas?
NICK JONAS YAAAAAASSS
What. The. Fuck.
Cool film
right
Brs?
So cool
2.31 Oh Shit.
I LOVE AXL ROSE !
I was on the fence about this movie, but after seeing the trailer all the pieces are coming together. This will be great.
Karen Gillan's flat tummy. I'm in love.
Kevin hart and the rock? Fine! I'll go!
Fuck the tomb raider trailer and this FUCKING HOLLYWOOD REMAKE SHIT!!!! You people are blind! Kill yourself's.
KEVIN HART IS A LEGEND!
Cant wait to come out
This is better than the old jumanji
That's  not how it works, that's not how any of it works. Everyone saying it looks good hasn't seen the original.
hey piece shit say how is satan doing these days
I don't know if Im going to see this I might just wait for it to come to redbox. I feel like certain movies they don't need to remake or even add a second one and this is definitely one of them. By them changing the game to a video game kinda takes away from it feeling like Jumanji
I like this trailer but I really want to see a movie about how the game is Created in the first place! Who's with me?!
Cool trailer.
watching it
The rock can only act as the rock. His range fucking blows. Plus Kevin Hart to top off this shit sandwich. That movie about those dumbasses stuck in a pool is starting to look pretty good rn.
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
Jesus have these kids even seen the original!?
4 great actors = 1 badass movie
That looks so funny
OMG IM SO EXCTED THIS IS SO COOL
This looks Cool lmao
About time
ha ha ha, very good !!!
2014 YouTuber merch should be a thing
This makes me so happy
* sees thumbnail *\n* Screams internally bc I'm in class and can't watch *\n* Also cries a bit *\n😂😂😂😭😭😂😂
Who else watches every single Youtuber here!? I do 😂🙌
WHO ELSE IS BUZZING WITH THE OLDIE CREW BEING BACK TOGEVZ 🌈💞🌸
It's my birthday can I get 13 likes as I'm turning 13😚❤️
FILMING SOMETHING SPECIAL *UK YouTubers*
Everyone like this so alfie and zoe can see this cause joe and zoes phone case is in liam paynes new video
It's my birthday on the 31st hopefully I get tickets as a surprise 🤞🏼🤞🏼🤞🏼
All my favourite people in 1 video😍❣️
Been waiting for this since the moment I saw all of their insta stories ❤️🎊
Yasssss! The gang back together again!!! It's like Xmas came early!
Wow new video yay 🙌🏻
Love when all of the Old School Gang are together <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
I see u scrolling through the comments!!Get back up☝🏽😂
Hi Alfie!! As I have told you I have got V.I.P tickets and I am soooooooooooooooo exited! I love you so much😘 When my notification pops up my heart pounds out of my chest❤️I love you and Zoe soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much! LBW Squad WHERE YA AT!!!! From H Xx
OMGGGGGG I'M SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU ALL TOGETHER 😍
LBW squad xxxx
Lbw Squaddd
Pause at 0:49
Missing 2014 youtube so much!! Anyone else??
THAT THUMBNAIL THO BUT WHERE IS TANYA 😭😭
I've been watching you're vlogs every single day for 3 years now I think♥️
Love Alfie's vlogs 😊💗
😂😂 that was amazing how you and zoella got scared you guys amazing ❤️
How weird, Tyler uploaded a video where Caspar said he smelt like carrots
SHOUTOUT TO THE 2014 SUBSCRIBERS OF THE 2014 YOUTUBE GANG!!!!!
So glad to see you all together again!
Love all of you guys ❤️
Lbw squad
#LBW squad reunite ♥️♥️♥️🙋🙋🙋🙋
lbw
LBW SQUAD LIKE 👍 UP
Am I the only one that can only set the quality up to 360p?
OH MY GOD!! I AM EARLY FOR THE FIRST TIME!!! 😍😍😍 I AM FROM PH!! 💗
my favourite people all gathered together 💞
LBW squad haha ilysfm Alfie I live in Australia and its after 2am but I'm glad I stayed up so I could watch the vlog xxxxxxxxxx I also have all you notifications on ily
FFIRRSSTTTTTT \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nto like this comment, and probably the last 😣😂😂😂
Can I see you in Witham on England\n2017 on Thursday 28 of September
Love watching yours and Zoe s videos xxx
HI ALFIE I KNOW YOU WONT EVER NOTICE ME BUT I HOPE IF YOU EVER READ THIS COMMENT. Im still happy :)))
LBW SQUADDDD! This video is making me smile already.
Loved seeing then a then all together 😂💖❤️
I want to see the project but I cant come to helloworld
The thumbnail reminds me of 2014 YouTube. It's so nice to see them all together again 😊 LBW 👊
THE YOUTUBERS ARE BACK IN TOWN
If u go to hello world plz video stuff for YouTube!!!
Like if you are in the Lbw squad 💙
Love you so much alfie, I've been LBW-ing for 4 years😍😍😘♥️♥️
Will there be another her hello world ? Xx
Early,LBW Squad & 454th comment
Can't wait ❤️
LBW SQUAD XXXX
Lbw quad where you at xxx
Awwwh, CASPAR :DD
LBW squad where you at?! ❤❤❤💪
Love I Alfie #lbw #notification
#EARLY
#LBW
💕
Lbw squad , c u at helloworld 😉🙈😆😆😆💜
Squad untied😁
#lbw 💪🏽🙌🏽👋🏽
LBW!!!!!
Lbw squad . I love your videos , Alfie ❤
LBW ayyeee
I love you alfie
NOTIFICATION SQUAD ❤️
Lbw squadddd💞💞💞
There backkkk
Lbw squaddddd ❤️❤️❤️
Lbw
Lbw squad where you attttt xx
Lysm LBW squad!!!
Wadduppp lbw squad!!
I love your vlogs soooo much!!! Lbw squad! ❤️❤️
LBW SQUAD
Alfie
Lbw club??!!
#LBW Squad ❤️❤️❤️
LBW👌
Lbw squad 🙌👍👌👋😊
Notification squad?
LBW SQUADSD
LBW crew  xx💞🇨🇮
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪
Hell yeah youtube crew\nGreat vlog today Lbw squad here 😊😀
Lbw gang
Lbw squad💕
#lbws👌👌👌
Yayayyayaya so exited😍😍😍😍
YOUTUBE CREW 2014
Notification squaddd where you atttt
The red van/trailer thing makes me think of the wmyb music video lol
LBW SQUADD❤️ the youtuber gang are back togetherrrr💙
the video went up like 1 minute ago, how have 5 people already decided that the dont like the video? \nmakes me sad
Who else liked before he even said goodmorning??❤️
BACK TOGETHER YESS
LBW SQUADDD
All the bad ones.
The baby's gonna come out 100% silicon.
I think he just said what everybody was thinking. Hurtful or not it was honest.
I agree with the abortion lol that guy is a thug and will ruin her life
she’s an idiot. & she should’ve aborted.
Abortion is not the answer how about ADOPTION
THIS IS GOLD!!!! I didnt even THINK about the whole Rob Kardashian Blac Chyna baby! Its a FAME OFF!
Lost all respect for Perez Hilton after this video. Fuck you “man”.
oh Perez...these people are sooo rich=its not like its a regular girl. im sure you are gonna get a lot of flak for the abortion comment! iy mijo.
I met my husband at 18. Pregnant after two months of knowing him. 9 years later. We are still together! I am grateful to have a blessed family!
This is the first video I have ever seen by Perez Hilton, always seen the website before videos. I agree with you Perez! You hit every important topic
I dont think you should state that you love life and then turn around to tell someone to have an abortion
There is no replacement for a child's biological mother and/or father.
It is nothing short of disgusting that you would suggest kylie get an abortion just because shes a young mother. Never mind the fact that she has millions of dollars to throw at raising this kid, but there are literally millions of 20yr old single mothers who bust their asses to raise amazing kids with much less than kylie already has. you have to be an unbelievably large piece of shit to suggest getting an abortion to a woman who has already established that she wants to keep her kid. but straight up in a few months youre gonna be publishing stories about the kid when their born?
Honestly.  Your mother should abort you.  Now.  With as large a caliber firearm as she can get her hands on.
Shut the fuck up.  Man you people who are so obsessed with other's lives and what they do with it is so fucking pathetic.  YOU people are exactly what's wrong with this country.  Hollywood, celebrities, people who are famous for not doing a fucking thing for society, Et Al. \n\nGO FUCKING KILL YOURSELF.
Well of course this faggot would tell a woman to kill her baby.  His relationships arent pro life, he fucks assholes and ejaculates into  bowels full of shit on a regular basis, no life can come out of that.  So im not surprised at all that a gay man isnt pro life.
Who is this 'guy' is he famous?
Man (girl?) you are so irrelevant... just go away and hide no one cares what you think
This disgusting human being has childen?  Perez Hilton is the lowest scum.
What the fuck, you have NO right to tell Kylie or ANYONE to get an abortion, abortion is an option choice yes but, you still have no right, and what the fuck you feel bad for the baby honestly fuck you! And you have a right to state your opinion but that's all you have... still no right to tell or ask like??!! So don't you dare talk about parenthood, YOU HAVE NO FUCKING IDEA HAW MANY PERANTS CANT HAVE KIDS, soo you bitch shut your ass up and your an adult and your gossiping on KYLIE JENNER REALLY BRUH.. please bruh please.
Mixed race kids are so gross LOL
why do you hate women
Dude honestly, babies are born everyday to abusive and drug addict  parents but you feel bad for the Kardashian kids? I'm sure their kids are fine probably better than fine. Also, people have kids younger than Kylie and are AMAZING parents. Stop. I understand it's your job to gossip but  negativity is unnecessary.
While I do think Kylie is too young and in a very new relationship, I do find it funny how you are judging her because her relationship may not last long. Don't you have 2 kids and  no spouse? That makes you a hypocrite.
So because she's not going to end up with her baby daddy, she should get rid of the baby?  Wth?
Chris is probably happy!!!!!!!!  I can't see her being a good mom she is not MATURE ENOUGH for that responsibility!!!! she will let Chris raise the baby  most of the time!!! Hopefully she will surprise everyone and be a good mother.she is going to have to learn fast.and buy the land and house. She said she wanted to raise a family away from paparazzi.whats sad is she thinks this guys is going to help raise their child together.he will make every excuse to get out of helping to raise their child!!! So she may be on her own unless that's the way she wants it??  What ever her choice good luck to her I wish her the very Best for the innocent baby's sake.from Michigan
She's probably just bored. She's just turned 20 and probably already has everything she wants in life. Having a baby should spice things up and add some purpose back into her sad and dull life.
I agree with you Perez! Why would she downgrade and settle for a nigger kid? It's NUTS....
How NEVER LEARN what’s appropriate and what’s NOT to say to THOUSANDS of young people. What an IDIOT. Way to ENCOURAGE abortion. I’m pro choice, but I don’t go around making ignorant statements like he does here. MORON.
Ok so this guy comes across like a complete loser, I haven't watched any of his videos before but the vibe I get is 'woo views good for business I'm a loser I have nothing else going for myself' 😒😒 just my first impression. Do not like him
I agree with everything u said. ExCEPT the abortion.  👎 \nHow could her having a baby is bad. \nI think she will be fine.
I for one would like to congratulate Kylie & Travis on their brand new business baby!!
Idk how y'all like him. I find this man disgusting, an abortion? if she decides she wants HER baby it's none of YOUR fkn business. If she decides she wants the baby despite not knowing Scott for a long time it's stilllll (dun dun dun)...NONE OF YOUR FKN BUSINESS. discussing someone else's life just because you ran out of ideas for your channel is not cool man.
You can't just kill a baby that is wrong
Honestly, I just want to get this off my chest, but telling people to get abortions is wrong. I mean this is Kylie's first time having a baby but I think that she might be a good mum. If people keep telling people to get abortions how will have more people? I may think she's doing this for publicity. This is just my opinion.
I thought she was 20
What's up with those women and their love of bbc? It's as if they can't get enough of bbc. They'd do anything for bbc. I'm happy for Kylie. Travis Scott is a great guy.
She probably did it to accumulate fat for a fat transfer
For once I agree with Perez.
The beginning of the video is my reaction to the news as well lol
Saying that someone should get an abortion is essentially the same as saying someone shouldn't be gay. It isn't you, your choice, or your life. People make their own decisions, and instead of trying to live someone else's life you should probably stick to living your own. I don't keep up with her or any of the other Kardashians, and obviously you shouldn't either; because you find that it's your place to tell a mother whether or not her baby should live or die. May I suggest unplugging for a bit and living your own life for a bit? Perhaps not. But that's what I get for keeping up with you.
You are fucking disgusting that all i have to say
don't you have anything better to do ! mind your own bisnes ! I think you have plenty to do in that section...
I love this! It’s honest & exactly how I feel... I may be hypocritical... But idgaf
I'M SICK AND TIRED OF Y'ALL IGNORANT ASS PEOPLE SAYING SHE GOT PREGNANT ON PURPOSE OR THAT SHE WOULDN'T BE A GOOD MOM, ETC. Y'ALL DON'T KNO HER ON A PERSONAL LEVEL AND YEA NEITHER DO I BUT DONT MEAN Y'ALL RATCHET ASSES GOTTA ALWAYS SAY SOME MEAN CRAP. WOMEN WHO GO THRU PREGNANCIES AND BIRTHS ETC ARE THE STRONGEST WOMEN ON EARTH MOMMIES ARE THE STRONGEST!! Even if she did get pregnant on purpse WHO GIVES A FLYING FUCK! ITS HER GOD DAMN LIFE she can handle it financially and she will have tremendous support from the fam! SO STFU AND GO ON WITH UR GOD DAMN LIFE U ASSHOLES! Damn!
Bottom line is, she needs an abortion. Kylie Jenner will not be a good mother. For those of you who know why will understand and to those of you who support Kylie never will. 100% support Perez.
Who the fuck is this irrelevant pig?
You're immature and rude, who really cares about your opinion, I just click to see how stupid you look and what nonsense you say. It's not your buisness so why does it matter???
You're seriously a piece of shit!!!!
Your a fuckwitt Perez Hilton!!!!! Your a single father so if she doesn't last with him why does it matter???? Your so cruel.
who even are u
All of these young girls on this comment thread defending Kylie. This looks horrific, money doesn’t make you a good mom. Imagine being a regular girl at 20, in the middle of college and getting pregnant by some guy you hardly know. Would you be happy with yourself? Would your parents be happy? You hardly know yourself at 20. I’m 17 and even I know that I’m hardly gonna know what to do with my self in 2.5 years at 20... a kid? Hell no. Girls, your idol should not be a young girl who gets pregnant by a rapper at 20. No matter how much money she has.
What if someone told you to abort your child???
she's 20 not 19 and my mom gave birth to me when she was 17... I got disciplined plenty enough. You have a child... what's the difference between you have a child that neither you or your partner actually gave birth to and Kylie having a baby. I'm not even a fan of the kardasians but you're just a twat. Maybe your mother or the surrogate mother to your child should have had an abortion... especially having to have a father like you.
Idc what anyone says I think Kylie and Travis planned this Travis sees Kylie as real life treasure she has the money she's it girl Travis is not the best looking thing but he feels the shit because Kylie is gorgeous if Travis didn't have money and fame no high end celebrity like Rihanna or Kylie would date him I think Travis is taking advantage of her he seems dollar signs kylie maybe finically ready but relatively mentally not ready having a baby is not a something to try to fill the void I feel sorry for Kylie here family clearly doesn't respect her her mom only cRs about money and dad only cares about himself
Who are you to say anything about abortion. Shame on you . Its going to be hard when your kids grow up and Google you,  you did alot for money at one time.....hmmm shame on you. Wishing a child death.  No matter,who is its family
Your just using her name for views😂😂😂😂
by the way - shocking to listen this shit. don't you have own lifes of any sort. creepy as fuck. pardon my french.
Ay ay ay! Ok so I haven’t seen her show but with the clips I’ve seen I wonder if her visiting these places to help children has had a little effect on her decision? If she is? Coming from a mom I’m sure right away KRIS wasn’t thrilled. Then being a mom and thinking about all sorts of things. Her age (KRIS) a life an unborn innocent child Kim not being able to have more Khloe not having any. Plus she’s a Jenner child. Probably set in soon. Coming from a mom I think poor Kylie, because even though we see all these things she has been able to experience and accomplish I still think she’s just a kid 😞 I think she needs lots more growing and real honest to goodness life experiences. Of course all of this is just IMO. I mean of course she will be able to continue on with a child. It’s just that whole being able to do all this stuff on your own first. I mean I think I was young 23 when I had mine. I only had one. Maybe she is like myself and isn’t too concerned if the Fathers stays. Don’t get me wrong it is important for the children to have both parents. For their sake I wish they’d stay together. (In my experience it was way better for my son not to have his father around. There was a point they did spend time and he was picking up bad habits. Now it’s just us as it has been most of the time. He has turned out to be a way better man than his father.)She will most definitely have a great support system and I think she will be a great mother. It’s just she’s so young... you want the children now of days to stay children as long as they can because once it’s gone they’ll never get it back. Our kids are growing up too fast! Prayers to her 🙏🏽
You're so cruel, let the girl live! How can you be so damn cynical. You deserve a place in hell for this inhuman option.
Lets just get real and talk about race here: When Kylie Jenner the sister of the Kardashians which are known for their fake body, plastic surgery culturally appropriating latinas, blacks, asians every race having the body of a thick black woman but on her and Kim K its glorified because their white with a curvous body. When Kylie gets pregnant she is applauded for as a young teen, but when black or latina women who are 20 or 19 get pregnant it is shamed upon? Hmm wonder why classim and racism just cuz she's rich and white she's still a teen and this is stupid!
although i agree with you to a certain extent,this was incredibly insensitive. i used to really enjoy your content perez, but this was too far.
There's many single mothers who are middle class and lower class ,and they do a great job raising their kids. Now Kylie Jenner runs her own company and makes a whole lot of money, she will be more then able to provide this baby with a nice healthy life style. To add on to that she has a huge family who will be there to support her if she ever does struggle.
How is this fool famous? .. 🙄🔫
You can't tell someone to kill a baby! That's not human
Did you escaped from a mental hospital?
Idk how any of you figure shes going to be a great mom, that roll is earned not given! The fact that she has money only means she can afford to pay people to do shit for her! And YES having a child is a blessing but only when you're in a healthy and committed relationship!  If it was planned which it wasn't why arent they married? She's a moron just like her brother, that idiot got Blac Chyna pregnant less than a month of knowing her....my guess is that she won't even make it a year with this guy
You’re going to die alone
Man, this is totally nasty! Kylie Jenner is just a stupid slut and her existence and of her whole family is worthless for humankind. But wishing her to have an abortion and end the life of an innocent being just because she may be a bad parent is just the most stupid and disguting thing to say. You're talking about a human being's life and not about a piece of rubish to be thrown away just because it bothers you! Get a grip, man!
Now Kylie will come out with a Pregnancy clothing line because it's not actually about the baby it's about the money
He's 100% correct and you all know it.
If you can raise fucking kids I’m sure she’ll be great.
I agree with this video! These dumb bitches don't know what to do with themselves ! Give me some of your money and I'll show you how to live life! Naive stupid bitch . I'm 19 and want to have a baby with some ugly ghetto ass rapper who lets be real , will not be anybody in the next 5 years. Waste waste waste! Why? Just why??
You are mean spirited. How does this even affect you? Sadly it will bring people to your site... So I guess you got that going for you. Regardless of what anyone thinks about the Kardashians or any person  for that matter, they are people with feelings. You apparently are above everyone, thinking your voice matters... It does not. You're disgusting.
She is 20 and nowadays there's a lot of people getting pregnant at a  Young and it's her choice if she wants to have one that young not yours to be telling her to get an abortion she's can afford it  if she wants one then that's on her it seems like you don't like her but you're being very disrespectful to her you wouldn't like it if people were doing that to you like her if she did it to you
I swear these Kardashians do ANYTHING to keep themselves relevant and in the news.
Perez Hilton you're so right I love you
She always talked about having children, there a void she's trying to fill, but who knows, she may be a good parent, you can't say she's too young, there are a lot of young women have kids and sometime it forces them to grow up and be responsible. Stop judging her, she's not the first nor will she be the last.
I am a Christian and I'm pro life Mr. Hilton; as a young woman take the responsibility in the situation you had gotten yourselff into its all maturity .
Slimer from ghostbusters looks like you
RIGHT
Fuck you
Best video Ever
Surrogate for Kim
Accurate
What a disgusting video.
like mother, sisters, all garbage.
Too bad ur mom didn't abort ur cancerous kweer fetus
This is sooo funny loool
💕🐳💕🐳💕🐳🐳🐳🐳🐳
Real talkkkk
ahahahah omg right!
Sooo many celebs starting YouTube channels.
She's 20 years old!!! Some girls have kids at 13/14 years old and manage to take responsibility and raise the child in a loving home. Kylie will be a loving mother! Why can't people just be happy for her and stop Judging her! Let the girl enjoy her pregnancy and Live Her LiFE!!
You're a monster. Just because that baby looks like an inconvenience to you, that's a good reason to kill a child?! Fuck no! You're a monster! If she's pregnant, she most likely wanted to become pregnant. Kylie always said she wanted to be a young mom. You're just absolutely disgusting and the way you look at life is just horrendous and horrible. Fuck you! Fuck your evil views! That girl will be a good mother whenever she gives birth the her child. And if the relationship with her boyfriend doesn't last, that kid will still be surrounded by a ton of love from his aunts and cousins.
She should have an abortion?! Yeah murder a baby for doing nothing but being made. What if someone killed your kids?
My boyfriend and i were together for a month when i fell pregnant with our son, 4 years on we're still together and have 3 kids, stop judging just because they havent been together for years, i think shes going to be a brillant mother and you're a knob head 😘
there's literally no one more annoying and judgmental than this bitch right here. Little mad I even opened the video and gave your disrespectful ass a view
Who cares if they are gonna stay together or not single moms are a thing if she wants a child she can have a child and you saying she needs to get an abortion is messed up you asking no wait telling her to murder he baby is a horrible thing to do
I'm really surprised that Kylie Jenner is pregnant ,I know  her dad problem isn't  happy with the News . I'm shocked,that really is too Bad!
Why can't they stick to the video game's story line its not like it was a bad story. I think it was a great story actually. This movie is going to suck so hard, because it has no canon lore backing it up. I mean the dark knight was great, granted that was a comic book not a video game, but why can't hollywood just respect the source material. It's just so stupid.
I've played a number of games of the series, including Tomb Raider 2013, and I only liked the last bit of this trailer.
this looks like an indie fan movie
Ugh an origin story. Why can't they just make an adventure movie and not feel like an origin story is needed
Fucking TOMB RAIDER has a masterpiece of a story. This is shit.
Pass.. Thanks! This saved me 30bucks.
I love how they've combined the two latest games in the series into one movie.
They could have chosen a way better Laura...the one in the game is even hotter then this chick. 😒
Wait, is this based off the newest game series? All the scenes in here (rust plane falling off, spikes flying at you, boat on arrival, etc).
Glad her neck is okay now
It's been done! Stop with the remakes!
How many FPS will I get with GTX1050ti?
I have been waiting for this for so long... so psyched Alicia Vikander is playing Lara Croft.
Like you and love lara
Don't get mad guys..get glad cause this shit is trash
if you're happy to go cast someone who doesn't look like her, then you're just completely selling casting as super good-looking, perfect skinned/toned model.
I just came here because of the big tits of lara croft.  But when i saw whos lara croft. I just want to rub my back for an hour.
A movie based on a video game. What could go wrong?
yes! she is the perfect lara!!!
If Alexandra Daddario was cast as Lara croft then many people would have gotten heart attack out of insane excitement
Angelina Jolie is much better than her.
Comment Section is either:\n1. Actress (Alicia Vikander) has no tits or ass.\n2. Horrific casting\n3. NO TITS?!?!
one step away from casting that fat bitch in ghostbusters as the lead.
Daniel Wu is so fucking hot for an old man.
I prefer Uncharted As a Badass\nTomb Raider Is Really Design to Become a Fan Service Franchise.\nBTW Angelina Jolie Is The Best Lara Craft.\nGet Real People!!!!!!!
loving all of these butthurt boys in the comment complaining about the size of her boobs
I think it looks good. No more Angelina!!
no wow - the kills
I would of wanted an uncharted film based of the uncharted games but I guess this will have to do for now
WHERE... THE... FUCK... ARE HER CURVES
Why are there tons and tons of comments trying to get you laid? I don't understand. Why? Because she has tits?
GREEAAATTT .... just what we all wanted. Another fucking remake!!
I wonder how many times she died making the movie, Didn't the actress who did the game say she died over 1000 different ways. But I know I will like this one better then the other previous adaptations.
Yeah.... But is the Butler in the fridge!?
Not feeling it based on the trailer, let's see what I think based on the movie.\nShe is like the female batman as in A human but does many things a superhuman will do and that's really annoying.
What was the one thing Laura Croft was known for? Are you serious? I guess the millennial's would get all bent out of shape if she was half way developed.
Oh boi people saying the end of trailer is end of game, better finish the game before this trailer then cya!
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
I'm a simple man, I hear about a new video game movie and I die from laughter.
Mmm... I actually like this, so far. I mean... the other Tombraider movies were pretty damn horrible. And even though Lara Croft is one of the most iconic, sexy characters in history with her... hypnotizing curves, Alicia feels more like Lara than Angelina ever did. Should be a interesting watch:)
You shouldn't have come here...but im glad that you did One of the many cliches to expect. i'll watch this movie late at night so it can help me pass out and no i wont pay for it ;)
Angelina was a fearless Lara. I loved her attitude. Cuz seriously, Lara has to have a lot of personality and attitude.
*Damnmnmnmn!*  I think she is related to my wife (Wonder Woman).
i'm drowning in pity for all you snowflakes fixated on a fictional character's tits \n\namerica, 2017: alleged men are actually boys in arrested development
i cant wait for this to suck like every other fucking movie tie in
This what happens when feminists get their way. not pretty, small frame, small tits, supposed to be bad ass, but seems more annoying than anything. I'm pretty sure I'm going to get hate for this.
No amount of jumping can make up for the lack of cleavage....and one too many jumps...across water, across cliffs, across plane wings....boring.
They’re basically making a movie out of the video game.....
I'm sorry but where's the boobs
recycled...good for the environment, not so much for theatrical ones. More like....#timeRAIDER, as time is valuable, especially 2.5 hrs well spent. Ya cant recycle your time. Spend it wisely.
This just looks like the 2013 game reboot. And I’ve already played that twice, so I’ll pass.
Didn't need another movie...
they could of at least made lara hot
this is going to be shit
I thought this was a fan film for a second.
Did they actually mold this after the game?
Looks way better than the Angela Joel lee version
Alicia, Angelina's gone. You can pick up where she left off
Isnt this the game?? Wow it made it into a movie
I'm guessing they chose a woman with smaller breasts because they didn't want to upset the PC crowd by objectifying women. But lets all be honest here....Laura Croft is a busty bad ass babe. I'm not saying that the whole character is ruined when she doesn't have to big puppies, but it is a staple. If anything, I think it's sexist to try to stop women from showing off their bodies and be body positive and shit. But, whatever, that's just my two cents.
That girl is too skinny for a badass
Breasts are too small for Lara croft.
What.. no boobs? Dissapoonted
Where are her boobs?
So basically..... Tomb Raider 2013.
This looks really bad.
she look weak af
Lots of jumping.
F\nIE\nR\n\nC\nE
OH MY GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome as like Game..
I like Alicia but OMG ANGELINA PUHLEEEEZ COME BACK!
Trailer should be renamed DUN DUN!
Nick Frost yea
Angelina Coli 👍
Sweden ❤️
It's official!
This looks half decent
Guys... shut the fuck up about her tits already. You're making me want to become a god damn feminist.
This looks bad.
Are we doing this?...Again?
neck for days
Where’s Roth ??
will bomb cause no tits
tits are too small.
I'll pass......
looks really boring
...really? you see this awesome trailer about a badass woman and all you do is complain about her boobs? is that honestly the important part here? jfc
Sweet salty tears of all the edgelords being like... WHERE MUH TITS\nThere are websites for that gents. Back in the basement with you.
all of you fuckheads hating on the trailer go fuck yourself it's going to be dope as fuck
This girl looks more like the original laura croft than angelina jolie.
looks like we need another redundant video game movie...
Fuck man, gamers really are the fucking worst. I'm glad I have a life beyond my gaming.
Anglina Jolie was a much better fit for this material.
The editing makes this look like a parody trailer a comedy youtube channel would make.
Alicia is a great actress, Ex Machina was awesome, but ...come on. not Lara Croft. wtf
NO just NO........this film DIDNT need to be made. It just feels like a lesbian femesnist pc bullshit fuckfest like ever other movie made today by jew in Hollywood without a thread of courage to just say NO - no more bullshit like this - FUCK FEMENISTS. The new tomb raider games are shit compared to the past ones and this film..........it looks like a movie u can just walk out of half way through the cinema and u honestly wont give a fuck if u never see the ending
Wtf is this shit? Are they trying to make a movie of both the newest games? Because it looks like it which makes no fucking sense at all!\nI mean.. None of this trailer relates not even slightly to how the game went... WTF is this low cheap ass budget being made for... Total fucking trash!
Don't ruin my childhood film Hollywood\n\n\nYou know what, how bout you just stay away from my favorite video games
No. NO. NOOOOOO. NO NO NO NO. NEVER. STOP. LEAVE IT ALONE. NOOOOOOOOO.
Parker is Samoan. He has 20 aunties that would whoop hughie lol
Parker:If I let you push me, do you think it might help ticket sales?\n\nFury: Should I throw some water bottles at you too?\n\nParker: Nah. A decent shove oughta do...\n\nFury: Alright, Mate!
There just trying to get some publicity for the fight. Im a big boxing fan only just found out its showing on tube. I bet most don't know its even on.
WANKERS why on u tube do no one can stream it cunts
Paler looks like a grandad up on the stage
Pathetic attempt at trying to create some controversy and interest.
I'm picking Hughie to beat Parker by UD. I'm not entirely confident about it, but I think he'll pull it off like Tyson beat Klitschko.
Hughie looks fat. He looks untrained.  I'm surprised.  I thought he was pounding beef, not shoving down his throat in the form of Big Macs and Whoppers. Also, I'm laughing at the local simpletons dissing JPs physique...ironic considering it looks like Hughie trained at the pub.
Fucking pikey bastards!!!!
Joseph Parker v Hughie Fury - WHO WINS?
pussys protected by security + teambuddies
start time plz frm NewZealand
Disgusting behavior.  Honestly..  Parker is a gentleman.  What an embarrassment to British boxing .... I Actually hope Parker wins now. He should do anyhow.  He's a formidable fighter. Pissed off with their bs... Peter is alright though.
Hennessy Looks like a Don!!
Hi
I think you Hughie Fury will win
Someone is kissing 👄 the floor ✊👊👊 and it's gonna be hughie lol....auto correct
Do you think god stays in heaven because he to fears what he created
I think this book was actually written by JUSTIN! No woman would think that way. Would they? I'm a man and I can't see it happening.
I only watched the video because of the very interesting stuffed animals that you have.  For one, you seem to care enough to have a giant stuffed animal and actually seems two of the same one, a smaller one with a hat. \n\nYou should do a video on your stuffed animals and then another video with commentary on a psychoanalysis of what it means for young women to still sleep with stuffed animals.
Wish Jenny would write a 15 page romance novel then read it aloud in a video.
OMG.  This IS my favorite video now, but please Jenny Nicholson, don't give these people any more money for this monstrous kind of work.
This is the Greatest Channel I've ever seen.
Thank you...now I have to read this book...
This concerns me about self-publishing my own story. It's nothing like this but still...
it sounds like fifty shades of grey, with some one with a mental illness, which I don't approve of because I used to do volunteered dealing with mentally ill people and I'm not impressed when writers use them as a gimik for there plots. being mentally ill is not funny, so writers out there that think that they can use mental illness for your enjoyment, stop.  If you are going to talk about  mentally ill people, DO YOUR GOD DAMN HOMEWORK FIRST!  rant over :(
When she said tummy I laughed so hard I spewed the water I was drinking across the room.
Maybe the actual book is a troll and you feel for it?
le reddit army has arrived *tips fedora* 👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ sHit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shit
That was incredible. Well done on this video!
Youre going to make this #1 on amazon because of this review. Lol. Because now i want to read it.\n\nIts the room of novels.
Ever read Handbook for Mortals? That may be just about as bad as this. \n\n(At end of vid) Actually maybe not...
really good video, glad i found you
You are my favourite youtube star
This book is a cringefest. D: ^^
You should see the type of stories in digital novels on Steam. Then you'll know where these 'books' come from.\nAsians. It's not racist when it's true. Look up the developer teams.\nWhich by the way are some of the top selling games on steam. That should tell you something about the our own culture.
FYI Jenny because of your (awesome) comment on the 'star wars is dead' video it's now in the autoplay queue, at least for me. So by pointing out how daft it was you are giving it views. Weird that it works that way.
Emma Clark \n\nMark Camel \n\nMark(C)amel\n\nMark Hamill \n\nLuke Skywalker is the PrinceOfLightAndDarkness aka Genius1 confirmed. \n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/XdLci3I.jpg
No book is worse than my Theoretical Calculus book.
Everyone has a fetish and there's a fetish for everyone. Isn't the internet great?
That´s really mean of you.........
Is your bedframe from the Ikea Malm collection?
I did not notice the PORG till 4 minutes in, that's how much I was enthralled by the story.
You Ought To Be In Pictures...Jenny
Sounds like good book. Something to live by\nI'm taking over your channel baby girl .
Try Ruin and Rule by Pepper Winters for really really bad book
ur are a stegosaurus\n\n(I will never hurt you)
As much as I enjoy your content..THIS! This was a hard watch because of the cringe factor.
You are planning on doing the rest of the trilogy right? I sure hope so
You should sell audiobooks where you read terrible books.  You know, with commentary.
Judge Adkins is the most relatable character in this book.
Pretty much sums up my life\n Lol\n ;  )
I loved the Daredevil movie, both versions. :-D
This is amazing, this is the first video that i have seen of yours and i love it I'm sticking around
Hey Jenny\nHELL-o, I dreamt about you! I dreamt I cheated on my girlfriend with you. I\ndon´t want to cheat on my girlfriend with you, and you sort of looked like a\nmix of a bunch of different gals I´ve found myself attracted to in my life, but\nthe core was you, or your online persona anyway. You project a\nreally asexual vibe, but also really intimate and soft, sitting on the bed\nsurrounded by plushies, talking about star wars and such, such a fangless world\nof illusion and massive, emptying malls you seem to inhabit, Disneyland...\nAnyway, we were in a room similar to my room, with a window overlooking a\ngarden, a big window at night, and the thrill was really in playing this game\nwhere I was seducing you, but you were clearly on-board from the\nstart. There was no dumb coy aspect present, I was being very\ndirect about it, but there was humor in the air. I have to tell you my\ngirlfriend is SOFT, on a tactile level, my mind just ran those sensations when\nI slid into your mouth (it´s the internet, I know it´s not impressive to write\nthings like this, shut up, I´m not trying to impress you). I mean, I know I\ndon´t really know you, and I don´t want to cheat on my girlfriend lol, I´m not\ntrying to harass you or impress you, it was just a really vivid dream and I\nmean, \n\nIt was a\nreally mutual, sort of childish, innocent sequence of acts. Then the dream\nbecame a Fanny and Alexander Christmas thing and you weren´t in it\nanymore, just a bunch of spoiled rich kids asking for blueberries in a huge,\nthick comforting wooden kitchen table. I just thought this would be fun to\nwrite, and, hopefully, fun to read.
Geez, that book does sound really awful indeed. The expressions while reading it made me scared to read it myself. That's hilarious the idea of giving books nobody wants as gifts ha,ha. Love your work Jenny. Inspiring and positive energy you bring to this planet.
You need to do audio books with your honest commentary, that would be the best! lol
showed up randomly on my feed. pretty hilarious
Bring back your bad book club series! The one where you and your friends all read chapters of that terrible YA book. Man I wish I'd thought of that idea first.
It's just Justine
I'm four minutes in and this is already such a wild ride.
it's just a shame that you also found out how to YouTube. 🤔
Be honest, Emma Clark is your pen name.. don't try and hide it!
I mean your bed suit
Justin whipped out a submachine gun and poised it beside his devilish head.\n\nHow does this author think guns work?
Jenny has a Porg. But the real question is what exactly is a Jenny :P no but seriously whats a Porg?
Emma Clarke is clearly someone who pictures themselves as Justin
You sexy woman, talk those words to me
You gotta check out Emma Clark's other book Thor's Other Hammer. For real, that is a thing that exists.
The story must be really bad cause I zoned out. I just noticed that I didn't pay any attention when the video was over.
I thought the troll book was going to be a twilight version of that Troll 2 movie... something is horribly wrong with me XD
If you want really amazingly weird books, look into the books by Calton Mellick III.  The titles alone make them worth giving as gifts.
Hey Jenny. Where'd you get the bedspread/pillow set from? MTFBWY.
I had a horrible time, thanks for asking. Lol. Troll is a Strange book. You should read milked at her uncle's farm. Heard that one is a good one to review hahaha
I need everything on the bed....except that book.
Omg i think i want to marry you.
His cunning plan was to gain her trust... by BREAKING INTO HER APARTMENT.
Get yourself Empress Theresa, might be the worst book ever.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TedsiCaV2B4
My brothers name is justin and he's an arrogant asshole psycho. He's done legit awful things to our family. If I got a call from the police telling me that he'd murdered his girlfriend, I wouldn't be surprised. I've never met a nice justin. Ughhh. Justins
Look up the Matched book series. It's awful
Is that a Sonic Hello Kitty?\n\nTime to unsubscribe.
It's not necessarily a thing that needs to be done, as being quiet is by no means a bad thing. But it's nice to see you be a little more loud and out there about a thing your talking about in a video. Either way, I love your stuff. Keep it up!
Now I'm tempted to leave a trolling comment on the off chance it might make Jenny say ooooh, go on, and give her some sexual feelings in her tummy.\n\n(LoL gross, I feel so dirty for even putting the words tummy and sexual in the same sentence)
Once in high school I heard that one of the seniors wrote a book and that it was actually on sale. I was impressed until I was told that it was self published and that it was something about cellphones. I think it was a romance idk. One of my friends read it and said it was a John Green ripoff.
Porg looks like he's  (she, it?) has settled in nicely. Is he resting on his hand, err fin?
This book was written by a MRA.
The worse book is the Bible, not because is bad, but because they doNOT have the logo that says, this books events are not real, they fail to tell people that is only fictional intended to educate people, and also because it has been manipulated with an intentional wrongful translation, because faith was used before as referencing intelligence not the belief in god, who doesn't exist, only man kind exists and all of you are bio-computers
Someone call the Red Cross I need humanitarian aid. This book's a goddamn disaster.
There is the fourth option of male pretending to be a women who knows it's creepy and wrong but it's done ironically.
this is amazing please summarize everything in my life
You should do a giveaway, but this book is the prize.
Sounds like a classic text for sure.  Can't wait for book 4,5, and 6.
This is really great. Would you ever consider doing a reading of the infamous SF story The Eye of Argon by Jim Theis?
I love when you make longer videos!! This was awesome - I'd love to see you review more awful books!
Damn, girl. That's a rape fantasy. Emma Clark is not a woman.
you should make more terrible book reviews. it excited me in my belly. hahahaha
Spoilers: The giant Porg unzips itself to reveal a grinning Rich Evans.
Do they let you bring Porgs to Hogwarts?
This seems positively mundane when you know about the erotica about women having sex with dinosaurs.
Where's the Jimmy Scrambles erotic fiction you promised us????
His love for her was like a truck.  Berzerker... indeed.
LOL, it's just Justin.
Oh dear Odin... that Porg
Jenny....you're a hoot!...lol
You're so adorable <3
Hi
RAPE
Great Halloween spirit, nice shirt Jenny.
Sjw book
Damn, Jenny got patrons like Marvel got credits
Read Common Ground by Angie Walthall
Tummy
Seems like red-piller pick-up-artist incel power fantasy porno.
Gagnez Votre Vie Sur Internet http://bit.ly/2xynUuG
OMG THERE IS A PART 4 ON AMAZON.
I'm not so sure of you anymore Jenny...
Watching Jenny claim her Porg, a dark suspicion entered my mind; could this Porg really be a re-purposed penguin? And what brutal Moreau-ish surgeries might the poor thing have undergone to achieve the transfiguration of its physiognomy? Even a place of honour on Jenny's bed might not be enough to console it after such horrors! 'Not to eat fishes. Not to slide around on our bellies. That is the Law. Are we not Porgs?'
We all float on ..⛵
I float after a joint 😥😤😧💨
The 1990's version was a joke. The 2017 version is superior in every way. Including the clown.
Beverly's act of love for her friends.... In the book she fucks all her friends. Somehow it kept their powers intact enough for them to be able to figure their way out of the sewers once they defeat It
Who's Bob Grey?
im not gonna float you lying ass, im a fat nigga
Way too many dumb jumpscares in the new movie. I cant blame the movie though because i went to the theatre and saw it and the majority of people get scared by jump scares... i wish that wasnt the case so we could get a horror movie that brings the fear by disturbing imagery and story instead of cheap tricks...
One thing didn’t change.... they both suck.
Do you have Prince Albert in a can?\nWell, you better \nLET\n\nHIM\n\nOUT\n\n\nAH-HUNGK\n\nAH-HUNGK\n\nAH-HUNGK\n\n\n*loudly wheezes like an asthmatic*
Please do not waste your money seeing this film..it is not scary at all ...at some scenes you might even laugh...
You float to you float to YOU FLOAT TOO😈😈
We all float down here and...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYOU'LL FLOAT TOO!!!YOU'LL FLOAT TOO!!!YOU'LL FLOAT TOO!!!😆🤡🎈🌊
also, in the new movie bill kills fake georgie at the end with some spike gun thing, while in the mini series (i think) Georgie just dissapears. and i dont know what happens in the book
Anybody else saw this the day it came out????
I am learning to play 'Stand By Me' for marching band 😨
The new it movie was all made really good accept that pennywise was played by a little boy basically just outa kindergarten
The amount of puns that are in this video 👍👌
In this one, penny wise is scary as fuck. I’m gonna do the IT dance to everyone who comes to my door in a mask that looks like him this Halloween. The unpredictability of the clown is one of the freakiest parts.
IT was a amazing movie but still when he made the movie added in that kid hitting his head it's like he wanted jokes about the the movie
It sucks him dry wth that's is weird
do Top 10 Moments in Alabama Crimson Tide Football
hey It why don't you just float
I just watched the full It (2017) and I'm now watching this video an hour later\nHope this won't make my Coulrophobia even _worse_ as I was terrified of clowns to begin with. Watch It and it's worse. Hope this won't make me stay away from _circuses_
The bully in the 2017 version\nHella looks like my old neighbor.
I like seeing that I'm not the only one that thinks this movie is a fucking beast
In Canada it is rated 18+
The killer clown trend better not start up again
I wish the newer one and it's so cool it doesn't even give you nightmares Pennywise is not even mentioned they just call it and then spoiler alert one of them breaks their arms and then they never going to be with them ever again in Georgie if you come you'll float too all of it everything will float even you
We all float in the dead sea
Just saw the 2017 version yesterday. They also changed some of the fears the kids had to deal with. I actually liked the idea of being afraid of water, and the movie, I Was A Teenaged Werewolf. I think the only thing they could've done better w the 2017 version is slow the progression of the movie down. That's what made the mini series great. You, as the audience were investing more time w the kids as they bonded together, but what I watched yesterday did feel a little rushed.\nThe other thing about the 'timeline' idea was the mini series gave the backgrounds of the adults as each character was introduced. I absolutely loved the dialogue that Ben Hanscom has w his lover - I was a butterball. As kids we all have those awkward phases we go through, and like Ben, I went through that same phase in high school. I always had that pudgy extra weight that I carried around. Now, I'm not extremely fit, but I've done better than some other guys who've struggled w their weight, so I best identify w Ben Handscom. I'm not married yet, but if you saw the mini series, there's a little something about two certain people, w/o giving the ending of Chapter Two for next year.\nOh, one more thing, I think if you've read the book or saw the mini series, this is a plus, because some horror movie fans will walk into the theater to watch this year's version and have no clue as to what they're watching,......
i enjoyed both old and new, but I still prefer the old one, I don't think the child actors are that good in the new one, all the child actors in the old one were just perfect, and the new one over exaggerated the profanity, what are these kids like in 7th grade, it just sounds ridiculous hearing them curse every other sentence. I also prefer Tim Curry's performance over this new guy, as well as pennywise design also the soundtrack was a lot better in the old one, the only thing i liked better in this one, was that they actually showed what each kid was afraid of, but the old one, they just showed pennywise, also the cgi was garbage in the new one.
The losers in 2017 adaptation looks alike everything... Execept the losers.
*Check out my Remix of Pennywise!*  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GoRXJ-GzUM
For me the scene with the Paul Bunyan statue was very terrifying. Don't get me wrong, this is my favorite Stephen King adaptation by far. I just wish they had put that scene in the film (especially since I spotted the statue in the background).
I float even when I'm not down there
I think dropping f-bombs adds nothing to the movie but violence and overall creepiness dose. Cussing is just a stupid way for it to get some R_rated points.
(2017) IT + Tim curry pennywise\n\nGreatest movie of all time
I decided to watch this movie on my phone at night, alone. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nWtf is wrong with me?😂
Number 1. It's good
They got rid of his on fleek eyebrows ;p
Pennywise: You'll float to!\n\nGeorgie: No thanks!\n\nPennywise: Your loss!
What's the background music?
2:21 - It sucks him dry...\nDaiiumn, even pennywise can't help but to be horny sometimes 😂😂😂.\nI'll let myself out now...
Do anybody else think that the new pennywise is cute
In the UK it only got a 15 rating! It’s R in the USA?
The summer of 1958...THAT was the summer of applejacks!
-I hate the way they minimized Mike's story in the new version. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE the new adaptation, but Mike was basically the historian of the group. As well as the racism plaguing Mike and his family, it should have been included. It was a vital point in the book and film and explained why Henry targeted Mike a lot more and made him more than just the token black kid for diversity points.-
I just watched the 90's  It  last night
it 2017 is better than the 1990 film
According to my mom, an almost 50 year old Stephen King fangirl, she considers the biggest damning difference between the movie and miniseries is Tim Curry isn't even Pennywise, so what's the point?
How about the differences between the first IT how Georgie got killed vs the new IT...Biggest difference that I had seen..
6:06  to be more blunt in the book she gets ganged banged by the rest of the boys willingly
IT (2017) made me laugh and IT (Original) still hunts me still to this day.
My favorite is 2017 IT movie It got better graphics and Cool stuff\n*And even more scary*
Tim curry plays it not bob gray
More gruesome doesn't mean better. The TV version did fine by fading out at George's death. We knew what happened and it was still terrifying.
Despite many changes, I did enjoy the 2017 movie except for when (and how) the losers get to the sewers and how Bowers was handled. The movie really fell apart in that last quarter. :P Even cutting out the 'gang bang', they could have played that out the same way in the book, with the bullies following them as well.  Regardless, still enjoyed it and look forward to part II.
Saw the movie the first time it was announced to theaters. You won't believe how many people were there, the whole building was packed. But the movie was lit tho, so was the actor for Pennywise. He fits the character so well.
My sister: How will we float? Me: We lose gravity bitch
The big ass forehead is what actually scares me.
the girl looks like a cross between elizabeth olsen and kristen wiig
Spoiler don’t read on if you haven’t watched \n\n\n\n\n\n\nBeverley smashes her dad around with the top of a toilet 🙂
I just saw IT today it was awesome
I just saw It today and I thought it was amazing! I had my doubts but I'm happy that the movie was better than I thought it would be.
This movie was so amazing. Like wow. I just saw it today.
Actually in the new movie they don't actually mix blood, they hold the others persons hand that hasn't been cut and make a promise, kind of like a blood pact but without mixing blood
This movie was hilarious
I wanna float I wanna float
You'll flout too...\n\n🎈🤡
Hey.....\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYou'll float too
This seems evil
777 dislikes lucky 7
*clicks on video*\nWatchMojo: they all float down here\n*clicks off video*
hey georgie
High ah, Georgie!
🎈
REACTION VIDEO UPLOADING !
What about sinking?
You'll float too, You'll float too, You'll float too, YOU'LL FLOAT TOO!!
Penny wise:Want Ballon?\nMe:(ShootsHim)Nope Ugly
Do everything there float? Answer me pennywise!!
OMG
The pronounce is Muskietti not Mushietti btw
Bi-bi-billy boy
2017 was the best
piss + shit = gray water
1990 was the best
Yall will fucking float
It sucks him dry
Who else found some scenes of the old it funny. Like the library scene or the shower scene when he comes out of the drain
you running out of top tens
They did it better
Did she say IT part 2 comes in 2016
Some don't float...🔪
Waste of money........
Time to float
Stephen King is such overrated garbage. I've read five of his books and he is not the horror god he is made out to be.
The linear story works best for the remake because a lot of people I know who went to see the 2017 version didn't read the book or see the miniseries so with linear storytelling when characters are in trouble the stakes are actually high as opposed to flashbacks where you know they make it out okay
The problems i had with the movie  are the overuse of cgi that will obviously look outdated within 2 years, and the two chatacters mike and whatever his name is that basically have no screen time or lines in the movie. It wasnt scary, it was eerie and funny......
I'll tell you what this movie REALLY did differently: Cliche and unscary/unnecessary jump scares, sudden loud music, and lame ass children laughing sound effects (how fucking lame). It copied everything from every current generation horror movie and shoved it in there. Not only did this ruin the scares, but it ruined the feel of the movie and it also made itself at home into the giant pile of garbage filled with the other crappy over done horror films. This movie was made for high school children who think it's fun to sneak into a rated R movie, which, (spoilers) the only reason it's rated R is because of the F word. It's not even violent or gory! The only thing that saved the film, (if you can even say that) was the acting was actually surprisingly decent. What a disappointing, piece of shit film, and a waste of time.
*ERROR.EXE* file name: crazy lady not found. *Waves machete and handgun* FILE FOUND.
At least she's wearing a cool jacket
OPEN BORDER'S! MORE DRUGS FOR AMERICANS
Liberalism is a mental disease, folks! Only known cure is a bullet to the brain.
I want to know my much the Kardashians paid her to do that? Good publicity stunt there.
Its not ISIS you guys have have to worry about, its a unhinged Americans with access to weapons.
Holy shit! \n\nLet her go and broadcast the Kardashian's planning a getaway to Havana. \n\nThis nutjob is ready to take one for the team and end the ridiculous Kardashians. \n\nShe is the hero we need.
Ah, and the liberal cuck media gives her a dais
I would fuck her. I fuck anything.
She probably has bi polar or some other mental illness.
That's what peak performance looks like
So was she was arrested?
The Kardashians are 10 times more evil than that mentally disturbed homeless woman.  The fans of the Kardashians must be the most wretched people in the world.
BEHIND THE SCENES: She was paid part of the new season KUWTK they need the hype and she did pretty good here
So this is the demon xxxtentacion spawned in his xxl freestyle
44 years of lesbian rage.
Can someone tell my right ear what happened?
That's what happens when you don't get dick since Scarface was in theaters
That’s a big ugly bitch
From the look of her bent nose, somewhere there is someone who was sick of her shit.
😂😂😂 that lady was not thinking at all. Especially with the crack of the ass though. Man someone should have told her to pull up her pant. She needs a hug 🤗 a big one.
Should be put down, no questions asked.
It's sad watching someone lose their Damn mind.
Awesome trailer for Trump Wars Episode 2 Attack of the Crack
She just wanted a Kylie Jenner lip kit
isn't that the girl from that old reality towing show
This is why we need to band all guns all knifes and all sports equipment that can be used as a weapon ...yes even the butter knifes
Sorry, this just seems staged, yet again, as I find it hard to believe that I'd be comfortable and quick enough to set up the tripod and equipment for such a sudden event.  Sighhh, I'm walking on.
In Texas she would have left the first store in a body bag
It's Taylor swift from the future
She’s just on her period guys..
This is why we should all have guns so that when we have a bad day or just feel like it. Whip it out in anger and try to cause mayhem
I wonder why the police didn't come shooting? I find this so ironic
What the left is all about.
This bitch is not scary what so ever, even with a machete or gun
Should have shot her.
All the conservatives talking about how shes the crazy liberal but theres terrible people on both sides you guys have alex jones
We will never forget these words.... YOU WANNA FUCKING GEH STAHBBED?!!
That's a star.
Ugh. News is so misleading. That's not a machate...It's a kukri.
This bitch is crazy 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 tf is wrong with her eyelinerrr sisssss
Just an actor paid by the Kardashians to make the show more exciting... If it was a black guy cops would have stormed in minutes and shot him dead.
I'm quite divided on this situation. At first, it seems she's somewhat reasonable, like she wants to kill the Kardashians (or at least protest them) but then she's on the side of advocating communism, so then I'm thinking, no way can I fucking stand such a bitch. All that could please me was her ass hanging out of her pants, but to then turn and look at her nasty dog growl face just killed my boner. I mean, who knows, probably a paper bag over her head could suit this deranged specimen of the festering anus of the United States that is California. But that voice sounds like an elderly woman who had a bit too many smokes growing up, so imagining porking a pussy that reeks of smoke and spoiled mayo isn't what I probably would even sign up for. She might be willing to protest Bush's war campaign against 9/11 if she lived near DC, if that's up her alley way.
I hide my crack in that crack, 🙏
That's a nice kukri to be threatening the kardashians
Hillary supporter in a nutshell
Cocaine's a hell of a drug
Where's the police? I bet if this was a black woman they would have had the entire damn military in the streets but a white woman? Nah lets just laugh and point the cameras.
Somebody should have put that ugly ass b**** down right there
How much did the kardashians pay her to get their names trending on Youtube
Her buttcrack was what caught my attention
I swear camera people could have a gun pointed at them and they wouldn't care. Idiots are waiting to die, hope that fat Latin whale gets sent back to her natural habitat. This shit ruins actual whale watching
Let's go film that girl with a machete who could probably stab us
I don’t like these bitches either at this bitch is Trying to kill da Kardashian lol
Feminism is cancer  and  liberalism is a mental disorder
Hey i got that KBAR. Pretty sweet it cuts down trees pretty easy.
If she likes Cuba so much she should move there
When they raise the price on twinkies
ANTIFA❗🙌
0:19 You wanna fuccking get stabbed!! hahaha
FAKE NEWS!!!!
Hey lady CRACK KILLS!!! Lmao 😂
She needs mental help...
Ha...Plumbers butt
Who hurt her
“...communist territory...”\n\nLMAO
Never forget
😨
Crack kills.
Antifa members are funny.
FAKE NEWS
Undertale sweater??
Thats one ugly bitch
She needs some dick
build the walll
Poor lady has problems
Lady needs a blunt ASAP 😂😂😂
jeez censor her ass crack
Fcking liberals
She must have read Scrotie Mcboogerballs.
*'Merica!!!🇺🇸*
Welcome to africa
Dat buttcrack tho
Cover her butt crack
Crazy bitch
That crack is scarier than that beautiful machete
Yikes she got issues😬
Oooo is she single?
Nice crack lady
Ass out, machete out
that crack.
That ass crack kills
Women. Bitch looks like a biker
Probably answered a craigslist add...
BUTT CRACK 😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨
Id smash😳
Hahahahahahahahahahaaahahhahahahahahahha its funny Bec she's stupid :)
Cocaines a helluva drug
Who cares?
*This is the face of Communism!*  Over 2,300+ comments and only 3 acknowledge her Communist tirade about executing anyone who enters Communist territory and to leave Cuba alone, etc. This is the typical *Antifa* footsoldier pawn. Lenin's useful idiots for the greater good.
Anyone else hear Different Colors at 2:50? I love how they seem to give a little nod to it!! :)
Nah.
U r fuckin underrated man,u deserve much more.
To sofrendo
welcome back!!
Not bad...♡
Why does this have only 266k views after 4 days?  The lyric video for the new U2 single did better than that.
That woman is absolutely beautiful wow
Obsessed with this new song!
what the fuck happened to WTM? \n:(\nSounds nice but they've missed something...
I don't know.  Compared to their last albums, it's missing something.  That Neo-80 synth sound made them feel unique, but without them going full tilt into that sound, they sound like any run of the mill pop band today.  80's synth seems to be a fad, but by dialing it back they turned it from their sound to just another band following the trend.
No one is going to comment on those french tickler pants??
This song is fantastic!!
Again another hit!!!!! The best band EVER <+>
It pleases me that the length of this video 4:20
THis makes my heart so happy!
This is my anthem!
This is what I call fantastic pop music!!! Fun and dance-able!!! It's not deep but it doesn't have to be!!!
My music teacher used to go to the same high school as Justin
I love walk the mooon <3
WHAT A WAY TO COME BACK.
FINALLY!!!! There's been a Walk The Moon shaped hole in my life, and this song is a blast!
FINALLY SOME GOOD MUSIC IN THIS YEAR
wow
nice..
awesomeawesomeawesome\nfrom japan fan
they are back 😘😘
Video lächerlich :-D .... Mucke eigentlich ganz interessant :-)
omg😱😱😍
Круть крутяцкая!!!
This is so good wtf
this is magic in a song !
YAAAAA
Incrível 😍💘👄😭
Before 1million
yeah.
Fucking yeeeeah!!!
i missed them! <3
9.5/10. Not enough shots of Eli.
this song is so catchy! I love it 🙌🏼
Who's here before 1 million views.
this is really good.. amazing, well done boys👍👏👏👏
Should be on every Trump supporters phone.  Love it simply perfect for todays world.
This is true fan love. Plz watch & leave comments .\n\nJustin Bieber Special..Fan Love...Must Watch:\n http://youtu.be/wapJbWkndd0
This video is absolutely amazing 😍😍 I am in love
The drummer looks like he put one foot in front of the other and walked to the fridge where he ate one too many twinkies.
“In the so-called land of the free” god I love them
Justin Bieber commented and liked my vid ?
Nailed it. Loving this so much, can't wait for more.
NICE
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT
I MISSED WALK THE MOON....WHEN I SAW THEY HAD CAME OUT WITH THIS SONG...I LITTERLYED TEARED UP AND JUMPED UP AND DOWN...see my dad told me that they where long gone...ALL MY ARGUING IS OVER
been waiting for this for years
come back brazil again
Heck yee
Anyone else like Sean Paul?
hell yeah
dislike
Bang bang
Look at Petreezy killing it with that rap section!
NICK PETRA WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN I MISSED YOU
FUCK YE NEW SONG FROM HIM IMMA KISS HIM ONE DAY GO JUSTIN BIEBER
He looks like an edgy Marcus Butler
I was unofficially hired by Walk On The Moon to supervise and regulate this comment section. I expect obedience and respect. Any bad words against them and they would probably authorise me to use force.... forceful words. So carry on about your business, i'm looking for the trouble makers.
Way better than It's Everyday Bro! Also here before 200K!
Justin im your #1 biggest super fan ever
welcom back
nice song
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
OMG YES
👏👏👏👏❤
WOW!!! So fucking AWESOME... my new favorite song!!! 😎🔥🔥😍🎶❤
I LOVE!!!!!!
brazil
One direction?
YAS TRENDING
One Foot\n\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\n\nNot a soul up ahead and nothing behind\nThere's a desert in my blood and a storm in your eyes\nAm I the king of nothing at all?\nAnd you're the queen of nothing at all\nBut I remember the fight and I forget the pain\nI got my hand in your pocket and my key in your chain\nAm I the king of nothing at all?\nAnd you're the queen of nothing at all\n\nOh, through the wilderness\nYou and I will walk into the emptiness\nOh, and my heart is a mess\nIs it the only defense against the wilderness?\n\nWell, cross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nNot a soul in the road, not a star in the sky\nIt's a desert in my heart, and nowhere to hide\nI'm your king of nothing at all\nAnd you're my queen of nothing at all\nWell, out here in the dust if you don't have trust\nAin't nothing left of us, this is the exodus\nThey're just testing us, they can't flex with us\nThey can't mess with us, they can't mess with us\n\nOh, through the wilderness\nHow come even together there can be loneliness?\nOh, our heart's a mess\nBut it's our only defense to brave the wilderness\n\nWell, cross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n\n(Well, out here in the dust)\nOh, through the wilderness\nHow come even together there can be loneliness?\nOh, our heart's a mess\nBut it's our only defense to brave the wilderness\n\nCross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other (hey!)\n\n(In the wilderness)\nOne foot in front of the other (hey!)\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nOh, in the so-called 'Land of the Free'\nOne foot in front of the other\nDon't you know that all we have is each other?\nOne foot in front of the other
The comeback is so good\nChannel for guitarist: https://www.youtube.com/user/KellyValleau\nI know a good guitarist I asked him if he could do a guitar version on this song it's so good
MY PRECIOUS CHILDREN HAVE RETURNED YAS
Damn Nicholas outfits. I want!
*alguien que sepa hablar español /spanish* 👯🔊🙏
Thank you. That's all
I've given you everything, all the joy could bring, this I swear.... ooops wrong song!
That sean paul line tho, LOVE THIS SONG!!
So I'm suppose to believe that this lead singer is straight? Because I am very disappointed by this news.
i was 11 when i listen quesadilla for the first time and since that i really liked walk the moon. now i'm almost 14 anD I WAIT TOO MUCH FOR RHIS
so which type of direction is this??
sounds likeme what a moderm Erasure would sound like, which is a massive compliment
I really don't like this song and I'm not sure if it's because it's a bad song, or if it's because Talking is Hard is so good I have to high of expectations.
This vide makes me all jumpy and happy :)
WALK THE MOON IS BACK!! Great song!! Can't wait for the new album!!
Great song !  What a great comeback !!
Who’s here before they blow up with fans
FREAKIN' AWESOME!!!!!!!
this blessed my ears
This is the greatest fucking come-back I've ever seen
yassss the kings are back. i've been waiting for so long 😢
Just amazing!  from Russia with love :))
THE ENERGY IS BACK 😍😍😍
Feeling just great energy...  Keeping on replay <3
Lmfao at the fact that ppl voted no for the kkw review lmao
Love your eye look
I Loveee the Huda Palette is stunning! #snapchatfam xoxo 💗💗💗💗💗
Your lip gloss is poppin 😍
I was obsessed with the Rose Gold palette. But I have short nails for using my fingers isn’t an issue.
What essence mascara is she referring to? Thanks!!
I don't like putting any makeup on with my fingers, especially shadows.
So I don’t have to use my fingers I use those small sponge applicators that everyone throws away but they work WONDERS for metallics and glitter. And then I buff with a brush
What's the essence mascara you like?
hey which one would you recommend the too faced born this way setting powder or the peach perfect mattifying setting powder?
Good things to do when you get sick:\nDrink water\nTake some medicine\nWatch Casey's videos
Which essence mascara is she talking about?
I really loved the Lancôme mascara I got a sample and fell in love with my already long lashes it made them very plump! I’m ok with the Becca but the lady at Sephora mixed mine with their liquid bronzer and it was awesome! By itself I wasn’t as impressed. \n\nDo you have any tips as far as wearing make up with sun glasses? I always get a line from where my sunglasses sit on my face and wonder if you had any tips to not get the line ?
Allllll ya meats... hahahaha Great video!!
casey deserves much more subs
I miss the vlogs!
I feel like the highlights REAAALLLY emphasize your texture. I like your smashbox highlighter better.
Using my fingers doesn't bother me to apply anything glittery or foiled. I also prefer a brush for precision and because half the time I'll forget I did it and get it all over my face when I put on primer 😂\nLove your vids girl I'm oily with texture too and I can take what you say as gospel 😻
Use those shitty eyeshadow applicators with the sponges on the ends for the glitter! It works wonders! #lifehack
It's like opening a bag of chips. Lol
Girl, that Essence mascara is the bomb dot com! Thank you so much for introducing it to me. I use it everyday and have gotten so many friends to use it. #addicted
I really think that your base looked flawless!
hate using my fingers, only because they're chubby asff and it's just messy
I used the LANCOME HIGHLIGHTER AS EYE SHADOW AND OMG!! YOU MUST TRY IT POPPED ON THE LID, AND OVER OTHER COLORS HOLY S&*#! TRY IT, THOSE HIGHLIGHTERS ARE NO JOKE. LOV YA
Subscribed 3 minutes in on my first video lol
The noise on the bag reminds me of when I open a bag of hot cheetos😂
i love how no matter what foundation you are testing you always use a brush on one side & a sponge on the other! it truly does help people see what way works best! thank you for this video!!
TBH I don't mind applying with my fingers as long as I get a good pay off with that amazing colour, though the palette is very pricy I think they r worth it because of the shades - I love the HUDA BEAUTY ROSE GOLD palette more than the Dessert Dusk (like pigment wise and the textured eyeshadows) - well I think that the Rose gold pallet is more worth it because of the unique textured eyeshadows where as the Dessert Dusk tho it has like general eyeshadows that u can get in other pallets (the matte shades) tho I feel like the Dessert Dusk palette's price should be lowered - \n\nThat's my own personal preference.
No matter how pretty the palette is. I HATE using my fingers.. I have small eyes and it's really hard to control
this becca foundation and dermalogica primer gave you baby butt skin lol. i like that combo!
Omg love this look ❤️❤️❤️ you killed it !
Anyone else want to immediately buy that eyeshadow palette after seeing how that shadow applied with her finger? GORGEOUS CASEY!
Will you film makeup collection soon? 🤔😘
Yeah.  I like to apply eyeshadow with my fingers.  Of course I wash my hands beforehand.  Never had a problem
Try the lancome high definition mascara I can't spell the French name 😂😂😂 i love it on my lashes
I think this is my favorite look that you've done!!
Derm is discontinuing the hydra blur primer! 😭😭😭 it’s my faveee
Shimmer eye shadows are the only product I'll use my fingers for. Even when I use setting spray on my brush, my fingers beat it with the color pay off. Every time!
Don't you use the Urban Decay Velvetizer anymore?
The Huda palette wasn't even on my radar until I saw this look. Wow. So pretty!
Guys do you know name of backround music Please ?
What brushes are you using? It doesnt bother me to use my fingers but i understand with long nails how it could be a pain. Love you and your channel
Should have used the finger that's missing a nail
Your natural lashes look so pretty in this video! I loved seeing you with no falsies 😍
to answer your question Casey, I don't have a problem getting down & dirty when it comes to using my fingers for pressed glitter or shimmer shadows.. It's SOOOOO worth the color payoff 🖐😋🎨ur look for the huda desert palette is gorgeous! purple glow on your lid is stunning!!! totally liking how the kkw contour palette in light came out on your cheeks.... bronzer color was very warm, but muted  &the contour color came out pretty as well 😉  primer&foundation looked full coverage w/o being cakey on 📷 but of course, sometimes, you see more details than us subscribers do 💁👥👁
Omg what essence mascara is she talking about? It sounds like I need it in my life 😭
Personally I wouldn't buy a palette that I could only use my fingers with bc I agree I think the brush allows you to be more precise. I do like this palette from your swatches but I don't think I would use it enough to buy it. Loved this video girl! xox
does anyone know the brush she used to set her eye lids with?
Even if the product isn't for you...you still you look gorgeous😍 I love you!! Keep staying beautiful❤
I got the peach Lancôme highlighter a few weeks ago. It's gorgeous and I love it as an eye shade as well!
I hate applying eye shadows with my fingers its never as concise as I like to have it:/ Love this video your so amazing
instead of using the tape to shape your eyeshadow you should try baking with loose powder right there at an angle where the tape would go, it gives the same effect except more blurred and soft!
It comes in a sealed package like you would do to all your meats 😂 That comment made my day! Love you girl! ❤️🍕🍕🍕
I really dislike using my fingers to apply shadow. I feel like I can't get a precise clean look. It really does make a difference though vs a wet flat brush. Definitely wouldn't buy a palette that specifically says to use your fingers though
I was so happy to see a look not using Cosmo! Thank you for the great video
i thought she looked so great after she finished her foundation and concealer!
Where did you get the shirt at in this video?? Loveeee it
Hands down the best foundation out there! #becca
personally I don't mind using my fingers but I would prefer the option of a brush. I LOVEEE this eye look... made me want that palette :)
Omg love that new huda beauty palette, I've been wanting a review of it for a while but I freaking want it and I love the eye look on you Casey good job with the video and keep up the good work 👍👍❤❤
I love when I use shimmers and glitters with my fingers. I just think it's easier. As far as the Dermalogica primer, I hated it. I have dry skin, and it made my skin oily. My foundation looked like a hot mess at the end of a few hours. 😢
Your face when the doorbell rang 😂😂😂 I love this eye look on you, it's gorgeous!
i have the huda rose gold pallet..im not crazy about it..the mattes are okay..the two pearl shades are beautiful..the textured shadows i found difficult to work with..and generally i prefer a finger application for my lid with any shimmer shade..i like the richness of color i get from finger application..i found the light shades in the textured shadows very patchy and difficult to distribute evenly across the lid..and i found the deeper shades in the textured shadows..the deep red and the bronzy color much smoother and easier to work with..but overall..i never reach for the pallet ..there is something in the formula of the textured shadows that the skin on my eye lids dont react well to..my eyes burn and itch all day while wearing them so i dont use the pallet
Love and miss your dark hair! And the natural hair waves! Looks sleek when you put your hair at the back!
Casey you look amazing and that top is so cute!!!!! 🌻
I usual don't like applying eyeshadow with my finger but the palette is totally worth it BTW love your videos and if you say something good then I have to buy it💋💗❤💏💖
You should test out the dermacol foundation! I think you'd really like it!
OMG I really want the Huda Beauty palette so much xx
I know I personally always use my finger to apply any glitter eyeshadows because it makes them pop more (but I have the same issue, can’t be extremely precise, so then I go in with a flat brush to clean up)
Hi Casey! I've actually been challenging myself to use one palette for the work week and I recently used the Rose Gold Palette! I really enjoyed this palette a lot! I really hadn't used it since I purchased it, so its been awhile. But wearing the Rose Gold Palette worked out in my favor this past work week!
I prefer finger and then go in with a brush to add more or to perfect the lines since fingers are not precise when in comes to a good line on the lid .
I can't use my fingers to apply eyeshadow. I don't think I get it on my lid well, and I hate when my hands are in my way! Haha
I ALWAYS use my finger for my shimmers all over the lid. Way better payoff and i find it pretty easy and fast.
Was literally at ultra today trying to remember which essence mascara you loved 😩 what was it called?
The color schemes of both of the palettes are pretty similar or the price!
looooveeeeee it!!! btw you don´t pronounce the N in monsieur
Casey, I think your Smashbox highlights look so much nicer on your skin than the two in this video!
Does anyone know what Huda lip strobe she was comparing the Ciate one to?
what essence mascara were you talking about?
I love those milk makeup lippies! I wore cream and wifey for my wedding in August! It gave me a very subtle ombré lip!
Can you try out the Mac eyeshadow pallet x 15? I would love to see what you think about it!
I'm obsessing over that mascara!
I tried the rose gold palette and had to return it, I just didn't like it
I love Casey and she's my go to YouTuber but I can't afford anything she likes 😭
Always love your eye looks!
I found that sponge-tipped applicators are best for laying down finger only shadows. The texture is similar to finger tips.
Girlllllll!!!! I am not in to the super sparkly shadows, but you don't this look makes me want to try it out!
That satisfaction you feel when you hear the packaging like rustling, is called ASMR. There lots of people who do asmr videos on youtube. They range everything from eating sounds to different kinds of paper crinkling, gum chewing or popping, haircut sounds (like scissors cutting hair) or coloring in a book or whispering while reading...so many things its insane! Alot of people even enjoy makeup videos because they find it gives them asmr aswell. Its not the reason i watch them but hey, whatever floats your boat lmao
I wouldn't buy a palette where you had to use your finger to apply it. It's one thing to choose to do that and another to get no pigment unless you do. Pink Eye is real👀 people.
do you still use the bumble and bumble shampoo and conditioner?! your hair is literally always so pretty even when its not done!!And its so hydrated lol. Love this look also! xoxo
When daisy and rose started barking my dog started barking and freaking out 😂😂
Granted, I don't use NEAR as concealer as Casey, but I use 2 or 3 dots of Tarte Shape Tape, and 2 dots of the Milani she used on my under eye.  This combo for me, covers and brightens and does a great job.
Literally I freaking LOVE the eyes their so insanely beautiful 😭😭😭😭 I want that eyeshadow palette so bad 😭
Img your should do a collab with Chloe morello. U remind me of her
Your lips are like perfectly filled in this vid like they look so pretty here <3
Ok I'm so sorry I love your channel but Omg you low-key look like Allisa Violet in the thumbnail, sorry for being annoying but no one has seemed to notice.
I always apply any lid eyeshadow with my fingers, it's the best way to apply shimmers. I love both of Huda's palettes ! 😉
Yes to more throwback throwdown videos! The YSL babydoll is still my favourite mascara 🙋🏼
The entire video I could NOT stop looking at your eyeshadow!!! Now I need the Huda palette
Yes i would 100 percent buy a palette that required you to use your fingers, sometimes your fingers are the best tools and there is always baby/make-up wipes to clean your finger up after :) x
LOL 😂😂
This guy is too funny I hope is going to win premiership this season he talk too much about other people
fucking dickhead
sing like no one hear, and dance like no one cares...
The first time I listened to this Igor an ad with the song before it and I was like wow the song in this ad is so good. I'll have to check it out later but it turned out to be split stones lol
Very excited by this song. It feels like an exciting step forward from the EP!!
maggue rogers inspires me day by day. her music is so beautiful. so blessed to have found her music
Love Amsterdam, love this song, love her style.
I LOVE THIS DROP OF SUNLIGHT GOD BLESS UR EXISTENCE
These lyrics speak to me on a whole other level. Really appreciate this
If you're not racist and believe that terrorism has no religion.   Then watch this video and leave comments. \n\nMust watch. Mslims are not terrorist...NoRacism:  \nhttp://youtu.be/EUaJy2OwGPc
Everything about you is brilliant. Keep fucking crushing it - you rock! 💕
does she lose her sunglasses at 1:05?
and she said she would take a break after this song comes out....
My favorite from her so far!! Speaks to my heart
Love Maggie! Dresses like the 90's, but sings current genre songs!
Inlove with this song 😭😍💗 AMAZING HAPPY
THIS SONG IS SO FUCKING GOOD!!!!
LOTS OF GREAT NEW FEMALE SINGERS WITH GREAT VOICES LIKE THIS.
I still want to take Maggie out for ice cream.
This FIRE
Very Nice..Lovely!!
Amsterdam <3
I think I'm in love with her kinda crazy
This song is amazing!
Somebody should send this to Lissie... could be just 2 sisters... \nI like Lissie stuff and i know Maggie material since a year or so... but Maggie seems the most talented of the pair (i know i know i'm kinda cruel)
DAMN THIS IS JUST INCREDIBLE!! LOVE LOVE LOVE..
Amazing talent. Fell in love with her when I first heard Alaska. She does her thing without worrying about what anyone thinks about her. She's perfect
NEW MUSIC FROM MAGGIE OH MY GOSHHHHHHH
I can see all night you've been on split stones\nTrying to make it so we could play loud\nPicking at our souls like we didn't notice\nLike we were only playing with the sound\n\nTrying to control what was so low, but\nI never knew how then to just go and let it out\nLet it out\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\n\nAnd I'm not saying I would always speak up\nThat it didn't creep up on me all the time\nI'm just saying there was a window\nWhere you could've let go in that place and time\n\nLaughing all it off like it was innocent, oh\nAll I ever wanted was to get rid of it and let it out\nLet it out\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\n\nAnd I could see us there, you staring at me\nAnd me just praying for it\nI could see us there, standing cheek to cheek\nAnd counting week by week\nWishing everything would be clear\nI could see us there\nI could see us there\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose
The North Face ad brought me here!
I had to sit through a 30 sec ad for this. \n\nIt was worth it.
Anyone here because of the North Face Ad?
is she not perfection?
So in love with this and Maggie!
Finally new music from Maggie. Gonna go ahead and replay this 7 million times.
Her recording style is so refreshing. It's clear that she puts some serious time and effort into these songs.
I heard this on a north face ad and I had to look it up loll
such a free spirit
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
Her voice is unique 🎤🌷
I'm sorry, it's a beautiful video and song, but IM TERRIFIED FOR HER SUNGLASSES BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE THEY FLEW OFF HER FACE AND INTO THE OCEAN.
You are like the coolest woman on earth.
I’m sorry, but this song is generic crap.  It sounds like so much else out there. I’m disappointed. Maggie is better than this.
Another bop and a half from my fave 🎉
I love her so much
Love you Maggie hope I can meet you one day.
I regonised Amsterdam and Rock Werchter \m/. I see that you had a great time. I enjoyed both shows and I hope you will be in the neighborhood again someday.
I love her shes such a babe
Maggie the type of girl you wanna be best friends with
21 people will never know what it feels like to Slit Stones!
I would have expected far more than only 22k views.
I’m in Love 😍
amazing song. imagine her on a dope ass edm song or techno...\n\nupdate: heard the chorus drop. nice work
SO IN LOVE WITH THIS! SO IN LOVE WITH MAGGIE!
She has come up with yet another beautiful song and video,I'm sure here in England it won't be a appreciated,it's a great shame she doesn't get the recognition she deserves over here.
I haven't even watched it yet but I love it
Just heard this on Spotify’s “New Music Friday,” and really liked it. Consider me a new fan
Anybody notice her glasses fly off at 1:05?
...the word lithe comes to mind\nand then after lithe - as if\nout of nowhere - the word \nlithe appears as does the word \nlithe but more than anything\nit's the word lithe that really\nhits home even before \nthe word lithe comes to mind\nps\nmeaning definition & etymology of the word lithe:\n1. elasticity of limb\n2. contortion of the human frame\n3. corporeal ecstasy \nIt was first discovered in Easton, America (25/4/1994)\n& more recently in Amsterdam Netherlands (2/3/2017)
10 mio views in one month ✌️ If you could feel 😜
Please come to Brazil! ❤
it would like a better video clip but Split Stones sound great :)
I have been waiting so long for another video. Thank you. Such an amazing talent. I swear, I dance the same way. Hands in the air, without a care in the world. Keep spreading your love, positive energy and amazing music. We can't get enough.
HERE FROM THE NORTH FACE COMMERCIAL AHAHA
Say what you want about her but she puts her heart into everything she does and makes AUTHENTIC music which is rare nowadays, the world will want more of her now, and it deserves it
I see some of Hamburg :)
I can't stop listening. This is my 25th time that play it. It is so fucking good.
liked it even before the video started :')
I love this video Maggie!  It's so fun and happy!!  It made me smile super big!!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmKkRhPuhVF660P54QdeGeQ
Fix your glasses!
1:06 her sunglasses came off lol
The beat reminds of 1998 by maxo kream
<2
IN LOVE
💙💚💛💜  from Taiwan
<3 maggie killing it
folk gang, gang gang
YASSS QUEEN !
1:07 R.I.P. for the sunglasses
Maggie rules
nc
thanks for existing
Great song
Great!
1:05 RIP glasses
off brand sylvan esso
New Maggie forever.
I like
Yessss!!
minha maggie ta viva <3
AAAA YESSSS
❤
😍💖
Discovered accidentally but wowww  i gonna stan
Just amazing and fabulous
I LUV
Rated R for Repeat.
wifey material
charming video <3 Amsterdam.
my baby's so talented. and also when u dance so hard ur glasses fly off the boat ;)))
tfw new maggie track nd vid
The design loop is really just the scientific method as applied to consumer goods and consumer happiness.\nPeople really need to understand that whether you're trying to figure out how to cure malaria or whether you're trying to make a better phone, the best approach is always to observe, formulate hypotheses/ideas, test them, and iterate.
I have no idea why vox only has 2.9 million subscribers and vice has more pshh
What is Adam Savage's Brittish twin brother doing at Ideo?
The video absolutely misses a critical part of designing social policy. You really can't just test any idea like a product. For many reason, but here in the USA mainly ethical and 14th Amendment related ones, you can't just try out new ideas on people because you're mandated to treat everyone equally under the law. For example, it would be difficult to design a program to test UBI at the federal level because it would be hard to argue you weren't giving preferential treatment to one group over another, which could lead to a lawsuit. Social and governmental policy are especially tricky simply due to the general lack of ability to run tests and iterate policy on small groups.
*SEXBOTS!!!*
This is pretty much what Systems Thinking and Design Thinking is about. Most commonly known as iterative design, I think quite a lot of people already have accepted this design process. considering systems and design thinking are pretty much the same with just different semantics.
These guys are the reason Apple mouse iteration have always sucked
As a Peruvian, I see many students my age transferring to Innova Corp schools, and succeeding tremendously
I personally dislike the apple mouse. I like the more clicky feeling of a regular mouse.
The mouse creation job is called product design.
Left & Right hemispheres are truly our future for innovation-evolution. ;O)-
You where gone\nBut the kitchen light were still on\n\nWhite Noise
This sounds very similar to IB MYP's Design Technology Cycle
is he the man in KFC logo ?
How to solve problems like a Vox writer: Blame cishet white males. Cry.
This is literally the scientific method.
Yes I love TED\nYes I love Vox\nWAT U SAY???? THEY COLABBB??????
Only if fashion designers also thought like this.
I just realised I think in this way I am a designer in computers and debater
this is simply: the scientific method.... if you know it, just use it ^^
90% certain that disposable coffee cup is a prop.
Well people have problems with jars because they are idiots....\nThere are a vaccum in the jar and lifting up the edge of the lid with something, anything, will let the air in and the lid will just pop off.\nNo need to invent a new lid.....
Sounds like the actuarial control cycle
Sounds like something that Apple kinda lost in recent years...
Designers don't solve problems, they design products. They encounter problems during the design process, but they solve those problems to reach their end goal: a product that reaches the specifications they were given.
How to solve a problem like Trump?
This is called engineering...
Lots of brains, not like an object, but a system. :O
This vid needed to be at least 3 minutes longer.
Permaculture principles
a better way to solve problems is to do it like an engineer
Engineering, Design and Science share many similarities in method it really is one of the most important things to learn.
And now that Apple mouse is back at the $100+ dollar....
I thought the title said how to solve a problem like desiigner and got confused
Congrats on going to Ted!
Does anyone know where Vox edit their videos ?
I absolutely love this video!
Does IDEO also make buildings? I know in Bangkok they have apartment buildings called IDEO Q.
background I guess pretty   good!   formation  ..
I thought it said “how to problem solve like desiigner” 💀
Idealists; causing headaches for realists since the beginning of time.
Liberal thinking, no thank you.
so basically... the scientific method?
Although, mac has always had the worst mouse designs ever :))) Mac's keyboards are well designed, not the mice
hey vox, what fonts do you use in these videos? the captions i'd guess is helvetica, and is that the same as the font used in the credits? and also is the 'vox' font your own personal font, or is it available to the public?
Thank you SO MUCH for this. I absolutely admire IDEO and their method of Design Thinking, and I LOVE your company, Vox, for crafting together a cohesive, beautiful piece that tells a story about some incredible things that are out in this world. Thank you.
I've known about IDEO since High School when my teacher showed the Nightline episode where the IDEO team redesigns the shopping cart: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M66ZU2PCIcM
The key to design is empathy and thinking stupid.
Great video. This is essentially the scientific method except without a formal hypothesis.
Wow. This is an awesome video
can be applied to most anything. How to solve problems like a creator (Math, Physics, video games, music ...) Who doesn't know this?
This is my job
Or just use Google..
Do a video on Rick and Morty
Is this basically just a dumbed down version of Agile?
Isn't this engineering?
Does anybody know the animation style of the part they talk about aschools? About 2:50min
Since I want to be a car designer when I grow up, this video has been *very* helpful.
Vox AND TED? Yes please! I absolutely love both of them, and it’s a real interesting topic. Very smooth transitions, wonderful graphics.
I use several Apple devices, but I really hate their mouse.  It's not designed well at all in my opinion.  Ergonomics are poor and the touch capability gets in the way of usability.  I just use a good old wired optical mouse, with physical right and left clicks, and scroll wheel.  As a video editor, I do like what they are doing with Final Cut Pro X though.
what a fantastic little video
I just did a ted Ed talk about the same topic
Shoutout to all the industrial designers out there. I'm halfway though college and absolutely loving this major/profession
$10,000 for a crazy computer like that hell no
The true Designer is a problem solver.
This is similar to the classic planning process. The sequencing is different because we present a variety of alternatives at once.
So the moral is that they're not very good at either? Noted.
What about that wasn't intuitive? Those four steps feel like a given.
This was realised on the day I learned it in school.
I've heard this idea before and find it interesting. However, I notice people seem to imply that this method of approaching a problem is a magic bullet.\n\nWhat they don't mention is the 80% of products that are poorly imagined, poorly designed and horrible to use. Products that were still made using this system.\n\nIn the end, it seems this system has little to do with solving problems effectively.\n\nI imagine it has much more to do with the quality of the people assigned to the task. If that's right, this system begins to mean something.
So liberals rather solve things like a designer rather than solving things like a scientist? No wonder liberals are pathetic.
Thus us nuggers
No mention of Xerox PARC
Hidden Apple ad haha
Back when Apple really innovated
how to solve problems like Desiigner\nRAH GEGEGE
basically the scientific method
Liberals are mentally ill
Those are sum ugly glasses
How to solve problems like desiigner
A hipster Coronel Sanders
Quality content as always.
disappointed. not really substantial or insightful.
More!!!! ❤️🙌💪
I got broads in Atlanta
Ideation???
3:20 Yeah Blender!
Graaaaaaaaaa
Ted & Vox ✓
Capitalism
https://youtu.be/1LOfG63v2PU
How to solve problems like desiigner : Brrrrraaaaaa SKURRRT SKURRT GEH GEH GEH 😂
*Desiigner
Hidden Brain from NPR?
Spanish One-time Billing Recurring Billing PitchPlus Mobile HopLink Target URL supported Dividend Stocks Rock (view mobile) http://bit.ly/2jPEAbY
Blender! 3:19
TED x Vox > AntiSocialSocialClub x BAPE
IDEO <3
Vielen Dank für Ihre Grüße aus Serbien
Can you do a video about depression ?
The most wonderful interview, loved every minute of this - felt so natural and relaxed, and Victoria is AMAZING! I feel like I've never really heard her speak at length before and she was so warm and genuinely lovely when you were talking about your kids Nic, and she's clearly so passionate about this collaboration. Wonderfully done by all involved!
I love Victoria. I think she is such a classy lady but I struggle to find her personality. On interviews she is constantly talking about David or her kids but very little about herself. In this interview she was asked about her favourite music but she replied with what her kids listened to and went on blabbering about it. I know she loves her kids like every mom does but I wish she opened up more about herself rather than talking about David and kids all the time. It makes her look like her only achievement till now is she married a famous guy and had kids with him.
She seems unable to just answer questions , royalty eh !!!!!
Weird. Didn't answer the first question on the first makeup product she ever purchased but then goes on to say that in the first meeting with EL there was an entire table of makeup she has collected since being a child. 🤔
Oh my gosh! You ladies are so lucky! I'm sure it was surreal!
I love everyone's outfits especially Nic's. Would love to know where your top is from 😍
The shades of blue are exceptionally beautiful.  
Amazing interview, so natural and lovely! :)
I loved the way Victoria came across.  She seems like a lovely person to know, quite fun and down to earth in her world.
Really enjoyed this interview. VB seemed comfortable and relaxed. Sam and Nic do great interviews. Products are backordered in the US, but I will look on my next UK and or NYC trip.
Can't finish this video, Victoria's line just doesn't seem original, and it's very overpriced. Plus she's not really answering the questions and the rearranging of her dress to show off her legs. Aye, I'm done.
Great Video Sam and Nick! You three appeared as if you were friends forever. So good to see the products also, I'm tempted to try out the mascara definitely if not anything else.
Really loved this video, so chatty and relaxed, you ladies did an amazing job and Victoria seemed very comfortable too. Xxx
Awesome!! I think I may do an impression of Vicky x
I love this so so muchhhhh 💜
That was a really real interview and it looks like a conversation between friends. Very good job!
Thank you for this amazing interview.
The very first time i saw Victoria spoke in casual but still glamorous!!,
Victoria is such a wonderful hard working woman, role model to me XO
I like how approachable and down-to-earth she comes across here, I've not seen that for many years with her.
I loved this so much, it was just such a nice casual conversation & you seemed to get on so well with Victoria which made it really lovely to watch.
i really liked this. they are very successful as well and in the same point in their lives with kids so it felt very natural for them to just chat to victoria. really nice. didnt seem 'forced' in any way.
This was such a good video!!
Great video ❤️👏🏾🙌🏾
Shallow conversation and fake woman
Who are those two other women? Is it bc I'm American I don't know who they are? 🙈
VICTORIAAAA!!! I love this video! So amazing to see you gals with her. Thank you for doing this, it was so nice to watch. I can't really afford her makeup, but if i would buy something from her line, I'd get the powder. Love that product even if I haven't tried it yet. Haha!
Sam you look absolutely stunning in this. I love your whole outfit ❤️
Good job girls, this felt really chilled and fun. Love a bit of posh spice! xx
Victoria is dull as dish water borrrrrrring
She got the OBE in
amazing video loved it x
I love this video!! Thanks for interviewing Victoria!!
This is by far my favourite video of Victoria. She seems super relaxed with  Sam & Nic! Loved this interview x
So casual Victoria is really lovely lady 👑✨
Loved this and love you two!
Excellent. Casual and so classy . All three ladies are so  beautiful. Great role models for women . really enjoyed watching this.
Look at them...listening Like they care.good job!!
Loved this so much, one of the best interview I've seen with VB, it came across very natural. Well done ladies! Loved hearing about the products too, it looks like a beautiful collection. xx
All 3 of you are amazing! ❤❤❤
We love this! Definitely a candid and easy to watch conversation!!
LOVEED THIS VIDEO! So authentic and real!! Keep up the amazing work you guys are doing ❤️
My three role models in one video.....wow!xx
Love how it went soo smooth nothing awkward such nice ppl!❤️
I LOVED this! So lovely to see a nice chat instead of a scripted advert!
£36 for a mascara ... I hope she uses the profit to do something good for the society.
To be honest. I cannot stand her. It is all about her status and proving how posh she is. Constantly showing off how rich she is and how everything must be refined. There is a type of British women like that that are only busy with showing off how perfect they are. When in fact they are insecure, confused and talentless.
omg she is so all selfcentred it is painful to watch! boooooooring!
Are these make-up products only available in the U.K.?
I never knew Victoria was friendly as she always seemed snobbish.
Nic. Girl. Please. you gotta lay off putting the contour and blush too far into the interior of your face. Otherwise you just keep on being awesome ❤️
Twilight teaser was a Rimmel  lipstick  I had one!
Thanks for the interview girls! Three amazing women!!!!!!❤️🌺
Although I have watched many video's reviewing this new product line, I appreciated the personal and authentic interaction with the creator. Very nice.
Loved this video!! I could watch you three all day💗😁
Hands up if you're going to watch This Is 40 right now
Victoria is so natural and down to earth. LOVE HER!!!!!!
I love Victoria!!! Great interview! Thanks :)
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I really like the lighting in this video. I have an app on my phone to make the screen even darker because youtubers always over expose. My eyes are very sensitive to light. Lovely having a dark video to look at, much more soothing.
Beautiful lighting and wonderful interview ❤️ thank you ladies ✌🏼
Boys wear make up too.. just sayin' ✌🏼
Oh gosh, her makeup is way to expensive,  there is better and  way cheaper makeup out there, I can't stand her,what a joke!!she thinks she is high class!!
OMG I love all their accents! 😍😍😍😭😭
It was really  nice to see Victoria so relaxed and at ease. She was very kind and lovely. I wish the lighting would've been a bit better and that we could see the products more up close though! Thank you so much for this wonderful interview!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Nic, your nail colour is AMAZING. May I ask what you have on? Love your videos ladies! xxx
Oh, how I love this British accent... Can listen to you for hours :-D
LOVE how she swerves the beauty icon question. Because she is her own beauty icon!!! 🙌🏼💁🏻
Love Sam and Nic, love Victoria! Fab, inspirational ladies 🌹❤️
So happy to see this! I know she's promoting her products but she really is an interesting and hard working lady. To have a solid marriage, lovely children and such success in the fashion and beauty industry and look so amazing all the time! You two smashed it! xx
Such a joy to watch!
I wonder if the Stygian gloom was a request from Victoria, so the viewers can't see her properly. Couldn't watch to the end, I'm afraid, on account of this and her facade. I don't have any aspirations to buy her collaboration with Ester Lauder.
Well done, nice interview
loved it! :D
Sams hair is gorgeous 💗
Amazing ❤️
Ahh Heather Shimmer! Remember that well!
My idol
Absolutely loved this!!!!
Fabulous \nAuthor Keera Ashton !
I love their brushes
Love love love this interview!
Tatis's jealous
Haha heather shimmer I had that too
Style icon=V's grey shadow. WTF?
Why so much nose touching?
Creepy thumbnail!
Omg guys!!! Love love loveeeeed this
I loooved this interview!!!!
What a gorgeous video! 💙❤💙
Heather shimmer yes!
#goals
Love you all!
Love this video!
hmmm she's got a pre-rehearsed answer for everything. I get you have to prepare stuff before interviews but just saying things to hit those promotion marks and not actually answer the question seems disingenuous to me.
Three of my favorite ladies! I adore Victoria Beckham and her designs. I especially love when you talked about your kids!
ME, ME, ME 🙉 I'm not going to answer any questions properly and I'm just going to talk about MY products 😴 BORING! 👎🏻
Has nic had a breast reduction? Would love to see a vid on her experience if so...!
Wonderful interview! Victoria is such a classy woman, I love her style and she seems really down to earth too
i've seen your interview with kim kardashian and victoria is so modest and humble and so nice person after kim❤️culture and intellect is everything
Where did you get that fox tee shirt!!? I love it!
Girl you got it all. Looks, Smarts and Talent!
HEY YOUR DAD WAS MY SUBSTITUTE  TEACHER TODAY WHICH IS PRETTY COOL. HE SAID HE HAS BEEN IN SCHOOLING FOR 27 YEARS AND IS CURRENTLY WORKING ON HIS PHD. I'M WONDERING WHAT HE IS DOING AS A SUBSTITUTE TEACHER BUT NEVERTHELESS HE WAS VERY INSPIRING.
I swear your videos come out right when I need them 😥 thank you kind Ms.
Made big bridge and power plant. Now bridge blown away and power plant explosion. Self destroy very bad, destroy others. They no need bridge. Violence so good make powerful man. Hamburgers has never understood but lounges will.
the story of my life
I love you anna.
I'm procrastinating right now..
Anna, you are so amazing!!Always a pleasure to watch your videos😊💓
thank you so much
You are definitely a strong role model for young ladies.
You have the potential to be a great therapist yourself.  You think deeply about what is going on in your life and find ways to live more skillfully.  You are also an excellent communicator.  If an acting career should lose its luster, you could do a lot to help others (which you are already doing to some extent with these videos).
I wish I had enough money for therapy.
I'm procrastinating right now🙈🙊
I love this post... because it is so true and I'm sorry you lost your sister
Thanks, Anna. Great message. Thanks for continuing to both share, think, and make us think.
legit, you are resonating with me in a scary way. i feel like i know you... i feel like im just going to become another fan boy... but you deserve the attention! you are hilarious and open and i hope i could meet a girl half as cool as you
WHERE'S THAT SHIRT FROM!? *___* <3
I did it becuz of painful attachment trauma with my parents. But, now i know that im fine being on my own.
I love everything about this wonderfully-produced series. Well, not everything. You could use a lav mic or a boom mic. But other than my nit-picky bullshit, it's brilliant and engaging.
My emotion high jacks my brain and the after math is horrible... then the shame kicks in instead guilt! Guilt makes me want to change but shame makes puts me in my place (I dont deserve love!!
Love how short and meaningful your videos are ♥️
Why are you so negative??
I tend to starve myself because I'm soo busy or tend to eat way to much. I think balance is hella important
I am so thankful for you ❤ I love your videos, some are really soul healing
Thank you so much
I just did it. While pushing the person behind the doors.
With psychiatry, we call that cognitive behavioral theraphy where in we challenge and direct those kind of negative beliefs
Thank you so much for your videos. They are very well done & address issues I think everyone could stand to talk about a bit more in life. I admire the style of your channel, that its a self help style that includes a creative side. Your videos have made a difference in my life & I can't wait to see what else you create!! 💃✨
This happens to people without discipline.
Anna Akana: \n*Rock Show*\nLoudness/Crazy Nights\n(HighImpactFlix) \n<Pinned> Comment Section \nThe Vapors/I Think I'm Turning Japanese ;)\n\nBeastie Boys/Sabatage
yes how beautiful, to see how much youve grown and are able to help others through it.. thanks <3
I see you're stuffing your bras now or wearing a really strong push-up bra lol\nLooks nice tho 😂
I guess I'm having self-therapy because I question my actions and behaviors all the time. Thanks for raising awareness Anna!
I just wanna say, thank you. :) This helped.
Who's here for boobs?
I'm certain this lady is SICK TO DEATH of people telling her how hot she is, so i wont. She sure is Caliente though!
I want this girl to be my therapist!
Just came to look at her
What program/how do you create the illustrations for your videos? --btw I very much enjoyed this video's message <3
I bet you've heard this a lot but your hot have a nice day
This was great. I really needed this.
Wow. I need therapy
You are so inspiring.
I don't need no help. I can sabotage me by myself.
Thank you for all your hardwork and sharing your experiences. 💙
+Anna Akana\nI don't know who edits your videos but man. Props to that guy/women\n\nEditing style is insane. I hope you pay your editors enough. They deserve it
I needed this today. Thank you 💕
I wonder what I would do to procrastinate and not get work done If I didn't Have internet or at least a screen to look at
I am a Mental Health Therapist and I want to thank you for being transparent and brave! You’re amazing!
Thx Anna. Your words encourage me to get up again.
I has no ideas who dis iz.  Shouldn't be showing ur face.  I already died few times.  It's not a big deal.  My shrinks and therapists need therapy after I was done with them.  Just call me Root.
boobs?
Love you Anna
Woah\nThis make realize so many things.
Couldn't have said it better! Great job
I so needed this
This helps a lot thank you Ana!!! ❤❤❤
I love youuuu! I needed this today☺☺☺
I love a lot of youtubers, but I know your videos are the ones that let me do this. I would be too depressed, or  scared of it, if you wouldn't tell me how to  beat these bad feelings.
I don't like most of your videos..but I lile ur videos about mental health..its something ppl don't talk about..its really nice to see someone speak up...
I am a queen of self sabotage tbh but I'm seeing a therapist and working towards fixing that, as well as the multitude of other issues of course. It's a bit overwhelming but with time I think I'll be able to get there. I got really lucky that the first psychologist I've seen seems to be a perfect fit for me, she's great at identifying the negative things I do and getting down to why I do them.
I can relate so much hahaha I bought your book this week and I've almost finished it it's so good💓💓
I think it takes a lot of will to actually have conversations like that with yourself. You seem like a great, down to earth person that wants to know about her strengths and her weaknesses. Knowing that stuff might not always make you happy in the short term, but in the long term it will do wonders. I hope I get lucky enough to have awesome people like you in my life one day and anyone who has you in theirs is one lucky SoB. Keep being awesome!
thanks Anna!!!!❤❤❤❤
I feel attacked haha
procrastination. procrastination. procrastination. Whhhhhhhhhhhy! Anna, how do you stop?
woah your toes have a strange alignment!
Anna you are amazing!
thank you....
Yupppppp
Thank you
Dear Faiza,y you are obviously smart. There are many different types intelligence. Dance is an art and great exercise. Doing that most probably will spur you on to do well in your education, personal life because it's healthy. Please give yourself permission to do this sweetheart. You and the world will be a better place because of it. Now I am going to go tackle that editing on the book I've written. It may never see a single sale, but it's something I always wanted to do, to write. So you do your thing too. At 63 it is doubtful I'll be a choreographer, my other earliest dream. But I just might submit this book. I just might dance for this, all by my own thought up steps. God loved happy, I'm convinced of this!
Boom, boom, boom
I'm happy to know that I'm not the only person that sometimes hisses like a cat.
You know when her Squarespace advertisements are so good that you're tempted to make a website even though you have no reason to have one?
0:20 1:20 is literally me smh
you still seeing that dude, Brad?
Thank you for this.
I really needed this. I have been following you for about a year and this week lost a best friend to suicide I didn’t even think to watch your videos because I have been so down. When I saw your update I still didn’t think of it but as soon as your pretty face started talking and connecting with me my heart felt lighter and I heard some messages I really needed. Thank you for all you do!
Your sponsored videos are always so fun to watch. I'd usually skip them but not yours. Good job Anna! :)
I can relate
BRAVO!!!
Stop.
I love her
bOObs
luv u!
Is Gotham no longer awesome?
life is crazy yo
seriously needed this tonight. thanks Anna!
Thank you! ☆
Booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooobssssssss!
Thx 🙃
right on!
1:06 cute toes
A stands for Anna Akana
One suggestion next time do your episodes topless you WAY more\nViews that way 😉😉😉😉👌🏼
I like your green dress, it's really pretty.
Quit raping comedy, go have sex and quit being so prude ya dusty old bat.
Anybody have this chick’s phone number? I’d like to solicite her for sex.
Well, I did a reaction to iPhone X. Check it out on my channel.
I liked the vid after he wrote “the more know you know”
MKBHD is simply the best tech reviewer out there...
Talk about the video next time please. I take videos never pictures. Thanks man.
You can change the delay between menus in developer settings
I personally think it's not enough of an upgrade. I'll wait for the S9 or Note 9.
I watch these phone reviews like I have that kind of money to be spending on a new phone 😂
So basically it is the best phone but I don't have enough battery time to enjoy it. 2017 is still a joke.
Amazing phone, but are we still stuck with Bixby? Really Samsung?
Oh common, we all know this niger can´t  event read. BUILD THAT WALL, DEPORT ALL NIGERS AND LATINOS. HAIL THE CONFEDERACY AND KKK. TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
And watch what happens when the iPhone X comes out... it will be all praise. There will be no mention that this phone has fast charging out of the box but the iPhone can have it for an extra 79 dollars/quid. So am I fussed about a smaller battery? Nah
A major bad for me: Where the h... did s-note go? The crippled samsung notes comes with no evernote integration, no photo note, no easy chart, no action memo, no idea sketch... So if this is what progress and putting productivity features first look like (instead, we got more stickers in the camera app... wtf...), then hey Samsung, please also make the price less productive. I hope some software fix will bring us the real s-note with the mentioned features back.
Like bruh just use pixel  filter .... its doubles your battery life... with 1440p
Better than an easily hackable headphone jackless touchidless $1000 iPhone  that CAN'T PLAY FIRE EMBLEM HEROES the note 8 battery makes sense so that it doesn't explode
Can you rate this phone on the Doug score?
worth every Penny!
PLEASE REVIEW IPAD 10.5 RUNNING IOS 11... thanks
WindowsPhone bitches yeah!!! 👍😎
But Bixby then? ;)
Solid review. I just switched to the note 8 from the iphone 7 plus. I'm enjoying the screen a lot.
@Marques what about the difference between the RAM in S8+ and the Note 8? with the buy 1 get one free promotion you can get a note for about $75 more. Does having 6gb of ram in the note make a performance difference over the s8+, or is that ram used for the pen features?
Hello - Great review !!! what are those red and yellow back covers on the Note 8 ?
This device is absolutely amazing! I'm sorry, what's the next iPhone called again? Expandable storage, water resistance, bezel-less display, OIS, iris scanner, wireless charging, dual cameras, *headphone jack* , AND an S Pen! Samsung proves including all of these is possible, there should be *NO* excuses!\n\nAbsolutely beautiful device! It's unique and inspired, yet efficient. Gorgeous display! And I've always liked the S Pen. This is the most complete Samsung ever. It's truly awesome! I'm happy they finally implemented a dual camera, I'm a huge fan of the telephoto lens and it's advantages.\n\nNow believe it or not the Galaxy Note series is a bit of a touchy subject. In terms of features, the Notes have the most. And with the inclusion of the S Pen it's hard to find a phone worthy of even being compared to it. The Galaxy Note is kinda in it's own special category; it's a phone for people who *need to get stuff done* . For people who don't want a Microsoft Surface Pro, people who want everything they need in their smartphone. So when considering the Note 8 or comparing it to others...it all comes down to *personal NEED* .\n\nDo bigger things indeed. Meaning if you don't need to do any of the bigger things Samsung mentioned, you'd really only get this phone for bragging rights.
I don't know why reviewers lack to mention the fact that it is not just a Stylus, it's a freaking WACOM! Cintiq in the palm of your hands! I buy Notes because of the pressure sensing, I love that it looks like an actual pen/pencil/etc. And you can have Autodesk's Sketchbook full power, that is like a basic Photoshop. Note or nothing!
Still can't stand their settings menu, Can't uninstall Flipboard, software in general.
IT'S SO BIG
-$400 dollars and it wouldn’t be overpriced then another -$100 for the exploding history
i'm having trouble deciding between getting the note 8 or the iphone 8 plus, could some of you guys voice your views/opinions on which phone i should recontract to?
I got mine for free with my insurance. I had the note 3 and since they couldn't replace it they gave me a note 8.
the only thing I got out of this video is that Marques has a Canon 11-24 f/4L on the way. Can't wait to see that in action!
I think they would be very careful with battery after last year! Please check the box lol
Too expensive.. I'll stick with my note7
So awesome that you chose to have Royce da 59 on that screen I was like is his he marketing it personally to me lol
re you making fun of 5 pillars of Islam?
Bezel less phones are shit.
whats the earpod in 9：23？
Lg v30 review please :-)
The pricing trend of premium smartphones seems to be moving away from good phone getting cheap. What's your view on this? Mkbhd
The sixth category should be the price. It's one of the most important criteria before buying a smartphone :). Great video as always !
DEAR¶¶¶¶¶MKBHD¶¶¶¶¶¶ I am one of the oldest subscribers in your channel, Why do you never review Huwaei phones, like Huwaei mate 9 or mate 9 pro or even p10 ?
lol bias af! no, not for $1K!
MKHBD, you are the best tech Youtuber of all time!!!
It also checks the battery box, several videos and reviews have shown the Note 8 lasting longer than even the S8+ despite its lower battery capacity.
Marques I trust with my tech but im having a gut feeling that most of his reviews are biased and/or paid review. Can anyone tell me if this video at least is his own opinion.
Anyone who says the Galaxy S8 plus is the same as a Note 8  without a stylus obviously got the Note 8 for free and has not really used it as their everyday phone.  MKB obviously is also not trying to step on any Apple or Google toes so he keeps getting their goodies and invites too.
My thinking with the battery is they wanted to take the safe route because of the...hot nature of the previous Note.
the phone runs a lot better when you turn off the animations in the developer settings
this over any iPhone any day
Reviewers have to stop quoting the 1200cd/m² brightness, which is for 1% Average Picture Level and has no impact on real life brightness which is between 50% and 100% APL. At those APL's the Note 8 is just like any other phone and very similar to the LG V30. There is no scenario of phone usage that will ever display 1200cd/m², this is a theoretical value for a picture with 1% white and 99% black - ALL OLED displays can reach super bright whites in that scenario - only DIsplayMate make such useless measurements. Just quote the 100% APL brightness or 50% like most reviewers do. Please.\n\nI am getting fed up of the press relaying nonsense brightness figures without understanding them! If you use your web browser in the sun, the white on a Youtube page would reach at most 500cd/m². Please!!!\n\nFrom the DisplayMate review:\nFor most image content the Galaxy Note8 provides over 490 cd/m2, comparable or higher than most LCD displays in this size class. The measured Brightness on the Home screen is even higher at over 540 nits (note, the home screen has a lower APL and therefore requires less white output).\n\nMeasured Average Brightness at 50% Average Picture Level: 525 cd/m²\nMeasured Full Brightness 100% Full Screen White: 423cd/m²\n\nDon't read the press - go read the DisplayMate review yourself and then quote them correctly. You are misleading viewers.
Well it’s clear now that all this hate for the iPhone x is from the android users, especially since no one seems to be taking the piss out of the price of this....
Surprised reviewers are so caught up in the battery number. Use the phone. I have both the Note 8 and S8 and the Note out performs the S8. It is very efficient sipping the battery. I got mine early (T-Mobile) so playing non-stop with the beast and the battery is excellent. Don't focus on numbers, put it in your hand and use it.
I want the speaker in the background name brand please?
Always great videos, thank you very much for your time 👍🏽
I value your opinion so much more then I value that of your competitors???? And idk why
I can't believe apple has made us pay 80 $ to get fast charging wtf apple bang out of order.
I getting distracted by colourful JBL speaker. Urgh!
Greater than iPhone
Watching it on my note 8
People want amazing battery life, then complain that the phone is too thick. They want a super thin phone, but complain when the battery doesn't last super long.\nQuit pushing for thinner phones, and push for better battery life.
Want to know what's sad? So I got my friend an iPhone 8 for his birthday, he threw it on the ground and said I WANT AN ANDROID! So I got him he note 8 and he threw that on the ground! I said What the heck dude?!!? Then he said  I WANTED A GALAXY S8! He's not friend anymore
This is so not true with the battery statistics he gave, I always have it on 1440p and use it quite a bit and it still gives me 10 hour battery life.
Samsung fanboys don’t care about battery life anymore hahaha that’s funny
Watching this on my Note 8.
i hear not fast
Battery is the reason I got the s8+ over the note last week. Got 6.5 hours of screen on time on the highest resolution. Plus it was only $100 down
How can I get this wallpaper on phone 📱
I'm still using the Galaxy Note 3 !
This is not a $1000 phone ,  i got my from best buy day one $800 plus 360 camara. Iphone x is looking $999 hope there some type of deal if you preorder too.
Google's latest Android One - Xiaomi Mi A1. Can you do a video on it? Quick review/hands on/first impression.
Your reviews are just getting worse.
Annoying BG music. Kindly ignore this in future.
Your 5 pillars miss out one of the most important features: UX. The user experience is directly impacted by the interface. Yes it's not easy to measure, but nevertheless...
the best smartphone display, I dont know how they keep doing this? Ever think is was because they choose not to rip off their consumers? When you pay $1000 for a phone, samsung gives you the best of the best. Pay $1000 for an iphone, and you get tech from 18 months ago...
Great review
Please some one tell me where i can get this wallpaper
jbl
I SERIOUSLY WATCH THESE VIDEOS JUST TO SATISFY MYSELF! WATCHING/KNOWING ABOUT THEM MAKES ME FEEL SO JOYOUS, CHEERFUL, MY SMILE GOES ALL THE WAY TO MY EARS.\nI REALLY WAIT FOR THE DAY WHEN I'LL HAVE A HEAVY POCKET TO MAKE IT MORE HEAVY BY HAVING SUCH GADGETS...
i cannot decide between this or LG V30.... I like everything about the V30 (oled now, quad dac headphone, military drop resist) but wish it had 6gig ram.... but found more places took samung pay and the 6gb ram in the note 8, plus the extra samsung stuff... i think note8 in the end where a few days ago I said LG... getting irritated lately that I cant use android pay most places with my pixel
A smartphone is only as good as its battery. The resolution being reduced by default is scandalous. When a phone has enough juice to power itself at max settings and at max load for 24 hours, then I'll spend top dollar.\n\nIt's like being born with a billion dollars, having an arranged marriage to a playboy bunny but you only have a 25 year life expectancy.
What exactly is the color changing thing in the background? Is it a led speaker?
Learn to appreciate good things....be unbiased..... don't go ur likings......mkbhd ....fuckoff
The fingerprint reader seems like a minor issue, but I use mine several dozen times a day to unlock my phone. If it's in the middle of the back, like on my current phone (and many others), you can take it out of your pocket and naturally place your index finger on the reader. By the time you look at the display, it's already unlocked. It's just a little bit quicker, but if you consider how often you unlock your phone, it plays a huge part in your overall experience.\n\nFor me, an awkwardly positioned fingerprint reader immediately disqualifies a smartphone, because for real-world, everyday usage, it's way more important than a slightly faster processor, prettier display or better camera. \n\nSame is true for battery life. If it can't last through a day of heavy usage, what's the point of having all these other shiny things that don't work with a dead battery?
Isn't it basically the same as the s8 just .7in bigger
Isn't the note 8 like $900?
Your battery observation etc are spot on.
The animation lag you talk about - the stuff that stock android seemingly doesnt have can be taken care of, by going into developer options. \nThe lag is animation, its not actually a lag.
Chuck a nice big battery in this (Come on Samsung, smaller than the S8+??) and include the LG's wide angle camera instead of 2x zoom (Who the heck wants that? Honestly, why? Just why?) and this would be actually worth the bank full of money to buy.
Hey Marques, on an unrelated note, I noticed you haven't reviewed the Motorola G5S Plus. Why's that?
V vvhuuhuhuuhuhhuuuhuhuuuuuhhuuuuuhuhuuuuuhuuhuhuuuuuuuhuhuuhuhhuhhuhhuuhuuuuhuhhuuhhhuhuhhuhuhuhuhuuuhuhhhhuhhhuhhuhuuhuuhuhuhuhuhuhhuhh
小米的壁纸
Note 8
Subscribed!
Does it overheat as S7/S7 Edge?
nice wallpaper...
Power case
this is what keeps me from samsung phones, the battery life is terrible no matter how much you turn things off/battery saver/auto brightness still it sucks. They are great phones but battery is not enough.
Lol the blow up joke 😂 😂 😂
Lol what a joke, I guess iPhone it is!
Really, not gonna call out all the UI and software they’ve blatantly ripped off Apple? And best industrial design? Please ... The fact that the fingerprint scanner is in the wrong place is evidence that their industrial design is lacking. Design is how it works, not just how it looks.
Disable all the apps your never going to use, remove some permissions from apps, turn off notifications on most apps and then you'll get good 🔋life. All Android phones out of the box are pretty bad. I only use Android so don't call me an 🍎 fan.
Obviously you can do all these will longer hair too!! Wooo I hope u enjoy guys 🙈
Girl your trending!!!
THANK YOU so much i love this it is so useful
I love your new haircut​ 💜💕
Shes bugs me sm
you are beautiful.
Your short hair makes u look so much more grown up 😍😍😍😍luv it
I loved your hair then and I love it now!!!!!!
Your looks so nice 😍😍
Love this, love you. You helped me through my mental health! ❤️ xxxx
I love your hair with your face shape it suits your face so well and you look really sophisticated
OMG my hair used to be long, I recently cut it last month, and these helped me so much! Thanks Saffron ((:
It looks so great!
i love your hair !!
You need to curl your hair away from your face otherwise it looks stupid. Living for the short hair tho
Ur trying to hard to look like Ashley benson lol
What are those pouty faces after the look, omg so cringe
I honestly just love her so much!!
looks amazing💕
Your eyes look so beautiful😍😍
This suits you so much better😍❤️
Ive got short hair and i love it ❤💗 it suits me really well 😍 you look dead gorgeous with short hair 😚😘
you make me really want to cut my hair short! lovely video xx
Love youuu
I just got my hair cut short and I don't suit it as much🙁I wish I could pull it off like you❤️
Slag
your adorable!! Please do an updated whats on my iphone
Did anyone notice she done 6 hairstyles not 5 lol
i’m literally obsessed with saff’s it’s gorgeous! ilysm saff💗💗💗💗💗
The wavy hair is so so nice on you saff!! My little sister was going to come to the book signing and I was wondering do you have to buy two books and tickets then ? Because there's no point in the two of us getting a book ? Does anyone know?
Your hair looks stunning! Love you Saffron! 💕
Sex
Recently got my hair cut short but I honest cannot put my hair up because there's always those bits at the back that aren't long enough to fit in the bobble
Can't get over ur hair x love u saff❤️😘😍
I love you and your hair sooo much!! I loved meeting you! ❤
Love this we are twinning w hairrrr it’s lush love it saff xx
Love your short hair , it's so nice and suits you so much ! 💕💕💕
SLAYYYYY😍😍
Love the hair saffron xxx
What curler did you use xx
Hi saffron a love u everyday when I put u on tv on my ps4 my grandma comes in And sayes what's this pretty girl saying 😂❤️😘
Saffron you are the most gorgeous girl I have ever seen. You videos are amazing as well. I just want to be you.
Who preferred her long hair
OMG SAFFRON YOU ARE A LIFE SAVER ❤❤❤
THUMBNAIL REMINDS ME OF CHRISTMAS!!
Love this video!💓
The vlog sent me !!
I love you saffron xxx
Your a queen xxx
Soooo freaking cuteee ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Holy crap you honestly look absolutely stunning Saff!
So stunning !!!
Which curlers do you use? ❤️❤️
I love your short hair 😍❤️
You look gorgeous😍😍
are you still whit jake?
Short hair suits you very well 😍
😍😍😍😍😍
Just ordered your book so excited
Have you met my cousin Diaz jellif
I cut 17 inches off of my hair last month yet it’s still longer than saffron’s 😂 17 inches of hair donated to princess truest to make wigs for children with cancer 💗
Yesssss this is soooooooooo useful 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Luv u 💓
Your blog sent me. I love your hair soo much xxx
Saffron i live ur hair so much is baeeee love u saffron xxxx
This is so helpful! I just got my hair cut the same length as yours and this is helpful as it's boring seeing your hair just up😅 Please do more!! Love you loads :))
You look like Olivia buckland with your hair like this😍
You suit your new hair so much!!💗
Vlog sent me even though I was subscribed on here first! 🙌🏻😂
💗
😍😍
Great video! Soooo helpful 😅
I stared at the pimple all the way through the video
saffs stunning with short hair and long hair and without makeup and with makeup!!
Sorry. Ily not hate but I prefer long sorry
Why do u sound like Rita ora ur voice has changed 😂
You suit it omg
Your new hair makes you look like 21❤️💚💙 it's so pretty xxxx
Anyone else think saffron sounds so different in this video? Different mic?
Ooh that’s a good idea, but you know you will never look as good as she does😂😭
I love your hair . But i do miss your long hair i could never cut my hair i love my long hair ( it past my bum )      \n\nP.s your hair fab
I love this so much
I got my hair cut the same length as your today. I was having a huge breakdown but I did it. I LOVE IT but I can't do any hair styles apart from a pony tail and my ponytail is so cute it's tiny. This video really helped and now I can do loads thanks so much saffron you saved me from regret and disappoint ❤️🔐
So beautiful! I am in love with your hair x
I love you new hair it's stunning I couldn't pull of short hair
I love ur new hair
I like your hair short hair but I prefer ur long hair xo
Omg this is wat i did lol
You Look Great Babe! Your Short Hair Is Gorgeous, LoveYou So Much!!♥️♥️
Omg saffron your hair is so stunning you slay girl👸🏼❤️❤️
❤️️TBH the sleek back hairstyle didn't suit her but still LY Saff❤️✨
Yur short hair is so amazing
HI SAFFRON!!! COULD YOU PLEASE DO A WISH HAUL VIDEO!!! THEY HAVE GOT RIDICULOUSLY CHEAP PRICES LIKE MAKE-UP FOR EVEN £1!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO A VIDEO ON THINGS YOU WILL BUY FROM WISH.COM. LOVE YOU AND YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION :) xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
My pengting slays her new hair queen I luv u so much x
التسريحات جميلة جدا جدا جدا
She's dead cringy omg
Okay we get it you got your haircut, you can stop talking about it now 🙄😂
It's really petty but ever since she cut her hair her videos are just impossible to watch lolollll
Of course she had to copy Zoella
Why does everyone including herself, big up her hair so much loool it's not that great?? It looks dead and stiff😂🤧
This girl has a really beautiful face...
this song : more u hear, more u love\n😍😍😍😍😍😍
This confirms it, IU is an old soul.
IU as a blonde party girl? Mind officially blown. #queenofkpop
I'm a taiwanese. It is IU who gives me the power to  learn Korean.
just realized that the man passed tissue for IU is a member in hyukoh....kkkk
I know this song from rep1988 lol hh, I miss jungpal
This reminds me to Jang Kiha's songs :P
Such a queen in everything.
Such a good remake to a classic
Sounds like a Belle and Sebastian song, perfect for God help the girl soundtrack
I know it!!! \n\nOriginal singer: Sobangcha\n\nThx for Reply 1988😍😍😍
Reply 1988!
I spy Lim Hyun Jae from Hyukoh
멋지네 아이유
소방차...
Hahaha ths make me miss REPLY 1988 YOWWWW 😂😂😂😂
아이유 언제나 응원합니다! 소신있는 모습이 보기 좋아요🙈🙈
화장 번진 것 까지 귀여운 건 저만 인가요?
처음에 틀때부터 맘에 들음ㅋㅋㅋ
리메이크 치고는 걍 무난한듯 원래노래를 걍 아이유가 부른거같은느낌밖에없어서
송하나 복고풍 스킨 그대로 아이유한테 입혀놓고 이거 틀면 오질거같은데
I came here for IU, but damn memories of REPLY 1988 is coming back to me!
It must of been really hard to keep a straight face whilst filming this.\nYou can see in one of the last scenes that IU is laughing in the chair.
i want to see IU performing this song with 2 men backup dancers😂
I felt familiar with this song. And bingo! it's in Reply 1988 drama!! :D
The song is so cute and funny..🤣🤣, anh who dare gave 3k thump down 😡😡
What a refreshing song! IU does it again with a beautiful song/visuals. <3
i was just literally smiling for the whole 4minutes and 13seconds of this video.  😁😁😁
I love IU a lot, the most beautiful and sweetheart person. I miss to see she with Hyorin and her Husband😊❤️
I'm getting major Timbiriche and ABBA vibes from this. I love it!! It's like I just went back in time!!
OMG 😱 She is so cute and sexy
Those 2 guys 😂😂😂
👍👍
진짜 존나예쁘네
80's
slay queen <3
Loving the blondie vibes favourite kpop concept ever
Queen 👸
어 어 어 어 ...
Nice cover!!!!!!
Hearing this makes me miss Reply 1988 :(
Awesome. I usually don't like her at all because of her extreme childish thing, wich i hate, but this song is amazing, has a very strogng 90 vibe, the mv is perfect, the dance is so funny and she looks fine. Great work!
I find this MV so entertaining when it shouldn't.
ok i know the reason y this song is popular
Anybody got surprised at 0:19? I know I was.
i like this song.. maybe some people hate this because its so boring but i really like old vibes  song. lmao
I didn’t understand what’s the song about but really have Reply’s feeling and I just like it !! And it’s IU 💗💗
Right song for comeback, cause most song now really modern so sometime we need rest and remember old song that so much easier to hear
dammit woman pull yourself together!  Have some pride for the love of God!!!
소방차ㅏㅏㅏㅏㅏ💝💝💝
iu bad girl 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂💝
IU likes re-makes of songs.
안 어울린다
존나 중독된다
jungshook is shaking...
como pode né? a IU saiu dos anos 50 dos jazz e pá e agora veio pros anos 70 e ainda conseguem ser TOP em 2017!!!!
글씨봨 핵귀\n언니도 핵귀여어
진짜 짜증나고 슬퍼보이는데 왜 웃기냐 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
김완선이 부르는 소방차노래 ㅋㅋㅋ 우리 지은이 내공이 ㅎㄷㄷ ♡♡♡
맨날들어도 중독성 짱인 노래다ㅠㅜㅜ
love how she remade the song <3
OMG I'M IN THE 1900S AGAIN
This song and video literally gives you the vibes of disco times. 😂😂 Good job IU 👏👏👏🌃🌇
Lalalalala this song make me so happy i love you IU !!!
22 seconds in and I already love this
Orange just became my new favorite color🔸🔶🔸🔶🔸🔶🔸🔶🔸🔶
This reminds me so much of that Reply 1988 song that Hyeri kept on dancing
The Dance scene is so cute omg 💕😫
i can't stop laughing because of the guys in the back lolol but great song
Its remake song but IU makes it like her own .. you can watch it at Reply 1988.. nice...hahaha
IU look so cute..but i feel so funny this MV
this makes me kinda sad, maybe bc everything from the 80's and 90's makes me feel nostalgic lmao i love it tho???
I really loved this video 💜
*Check out my IU Last Night Story inspired makeup?* 💄💗😁
I NEED A DANCE PRACTICE VIDEO OF THIS
두번째 코드 도대체 뭔가요????? 텐션인가....ㅇㅅㅇ
아 언니 화장 번진거 어떻해 그래도 이뻐
가수 아이유가 왜 예능인 이효리따위와 ㅉ
병맛 + 소외감 + 허무함 + 신나는 노래와의 괴리감. 이거 약간 기본적으로 우울증 타는 사람이면 좋아할 만한 곡 같은데..... 그냥 내 느낌이지만
아이유가 이렇게 이뻣나 ㅋㅋ
이건 좀...뮤비빨이고 노래자체로는 안어울리는듯
Great song!
WOW so cute😍😍😍😍
Queen of versatility!
이쯤에서 원곡 투척 \nhttps://youtu.be/3xwe4tXnajo
Best MV of 2017
진짜 이쁘다..
soooooo adorable. 😍😍
Reply 1988 vibe💓💓💓
Wow...... she is amazingggggg 💜
갑자기 뜨네 ㅔㅔ😚😚
Me suena cómo a Natalia Lafourcade XD
나어재밤네 니가 실어졋어 어 어 어 어 나는이 어 어 어가재미있다 아이유도좋아
어떻게 화장을 저렇게 해도 귀엽죠\n약간 예전의 아이유 모습이 보임
중간에 깨알같이 소방차 장난감 지나가는거봐 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
여자가봐도 너무 귀엽다ㅠㅠ
참고로 소방차 노래입니다\n(그냥 참고..)
오렌지 육백게 착즙한 것처럼 상큼해 이뻐 칭찬해. ♥
Will she promote on music shows ??
She will never be black ever
I'm just looking at all the black people in the audience who are just as appalled as I am 😂😂
I don't get the judgement because she is doing what she wants
and who cares ,,, black people try to be white and bleach ur skin.....
Brah this chick look like ET with black hair. Im fucking done 😂😂😂😂
Micheal Jackson did it too though so people are mad for no reason.
She looks good, and I like her personality. The tits are just too big. I'm not offended by this at all. She has more interest in Africa than most black Americans.
I see Iggy Azalea's future in 15 years.
Just lookin' at her boobs, is makin' me sit up straight for better posture 'cause my lower back started to ache just at the size of 'em.
Can’t change your race age or gender
I saw her on botched..
She clearly has some kind of mental disorder and it saddens me that people don't understand it. It's wrong to mock her. She doesn't even understand how ridiculous she looks like, only that she gets attention from it and that feeds her obsession even more. \nShe shouldn't have been invited to this TV show. She shouldn't be on TV at all
She still has European heritage (I can tell by the accent.) regardless of the injections to make her skin darker. I'm not offended as a black person, just really freaked out. Her obsession is a little weird.
She makes a hideous black person. Should have gone for a Latina look... way better
Just love your skin color no matter what because if you dont you just regret your own race just saying 😭💯 just love your skin color because we are beautiful just the way you are because our lord created us how we suppose be like the color and where you came from 💯 I love my skin color is beautiful we should all love our skin because is beautiful 👌
she looks horrible,.she looks like she stay in a tanning booth to long and her face looks like a white-black lady with over sized breast
everybody wanna be black but nobody wanna be black
The poster child for mental illness.
Fuck . . . she looks deep fried. Do you guys remember that one episode of Spongebob where Spongebob and Patrick try to get the tannest tan? Thats what she reminds me of.
I'm sorry but I don't understand why this should should surprise or offend anyone because if that's the case man that are born male who wants to be female should offend any woman but you see some woman supporting this nonsense also so basically everything that God created is turning into a disaster by humans , you have male that want to be female, female that want to be male, blacks that want to be whites and whites that want to be blacks just a bunch of nonsense. God doesn't make mistakes only human does. There should truly be a different name for all this rubbish , transsexual should be listed on their ID and the race they are turning into should also be listed but to go out there and want to act like you're the real deal because you've changed your sex or race color is purely ridiculous and I am offended to the max but then again not shocked.
What has this poor woman done to herself?  She looked so much better before. Whatever she did had to have been hell on her skin. It looks so prematurely aged
Um. It is skin deep. Like if you turned black, you'd have a black experience. Black people aren't all the same. And you know what? That's the sad part, that people can be so intellectually simple, that they judge skin deep and think they really know something.
This is funny until you compare this to Transgender people. Do you feel like you offend people that were born male/female Being a woman and being a man is outside of just sexual organs etc etc.
What is you doing baby ??
At least she got her teeth fixed.
anyone who feels the need to undergo extensive plastic surgery in order to achieve a 'look' needs therapy. that goes for all races and sexes. it's not helping them to encourage their behaviour because no surgery will ever be enough to mend their real issues, which often are their insecurities and inner turmoil.. first Pamela Anderson, then a black woman, and what's next?
I'm a woman of color (tan) I'm so damn offended
She was beautiful she mess up now
she mess herself up its so sad man
poor girl, she just doesn't understand what she is doing
Lady you are NOT BLACK. I respect that you have interest in trying to be black but it isnt just about the skin color. You cant just change you skin tone and think thats what you are. This isnt  some sort of sick hobby you can just enter and exit as you please. Many of us who actually are black are proud but you also have to acknowledge the fact many people hate us just for our skin color. I cant believe she brought up hair extensions SMFH she needs alot of help. The priveledge is so strong in this video.
I don't see the big deal. Men change to women, women to men... fuck the skin color bullshit. MJ went white after all right? That being said, her face looks more like Palmela Handerson than Pamela Anderson. And the accent? She can take that shit and get on her oh hell no horse and fuck right off to get the fuck outta here mountain!
The woman just want to be black why is that a bad thing we should be happy
How the fuck are these folks getting money for all this foolery?
Maury is exploiting this mentally ill lady for his own gain and to stir racial tensions. Is Maury Jewish?
This piss blonde creature might as well truthfully admit she enjoys wearing blackface. That's EXACTLY what she is doing.
I wonder how many black people had to be killed for this
And with transgender people this is acceptable, lawls!
You guys have to realize that she comes from Europe and people there treat each other a lot differently than in America whether you're black or white. You can see when she's asked if she feels black almost every audience member is shocked it's because people in America are still dealing with severe issues of racism. I'm not saying that doesn't exist in Germany but it's definitely different.
This bih takes black face to a whole new level LMFAO
That's insulting not all black people are that color. Shoot I know I'm not.
This is unbelievable. I feel ashamed and i pitty this woman because she was humiliated on live tv and went viral when she clearly has a problem. And nobody told that fucking audience to shut the fuck up. She has a problem and their inability to see it makes them problematic as well.
Maury didn't let the lady or guest fully talk. Cuts them off too much it is annoying and biased.
But you support transgenders, the hypocrisy is real..smh
CAN I JUST POINT OUT THE FACT that yes she started out a white woman, and is wanting to transition into a black woman, BUTT - men are BORN men.. and want to transition into female .? And woman are BORN woman.. but want to transition into male?? ... I mean isn't that kind of the same thing?.... Im sure this will be becoming a thing or trend sooner than you think. I mean where do you think she's getting this transitioning idea from? Common just think about it.... Im not saying its right or wrong, I just wanted to state my opinion☺
Why did this make me uncomfortable.
Wasn't  she Frenchy on Rock of Love the reality show with Brett Micheals? So sad for her mental health and the way blacks act twords her. If the black folks would stop jumping all around, so triggered at slightest things. Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Who cares its just a skin color ffs.
Glad she wants to be black as a black man glad someone wants to be in my shoes  as many times this skin colour has caused me grief  so we will see how long she last
My comment was deleted (along with all replies to it.) There was nothing offensive, derogatory, hateful, no  violation of TOS. I just wanted to continue the conversation I was having, but I guess I had the wrong opinion for YouTube and their brown shirt moderators.
What the fuck is wrong with her
This woman clearly needs physiological help. Whoever played a part in helping her do this to herself should be held accountable. This shit needs to be illegal.
I don't want to feel badly for anyone but....you're different LMAO Maury is petty af.
this is the dumbest shit I've ever seen , like wtf.......?
She just mixes English with German 😭😭💀
She cant even talk with these lips ...
She is a real life troll. She wants the attention and the world just keeps giving it to her.
Yeah shes crazy but fuggit... if she thinks were so great... come on over...u may not like the results 🤷🏾‍♂️🔥💯
She is horrific. I'm so hoping this is a joke.
This stupid bitch was in Germanys got talent, she's German
What about michael jackson
This is mental illness, I don't care what anyone says. You're mentally ill if you think you can change your race or gender.
Ok so let me get this straight, first we're changing genders, now skin color, what else are we going to change? 🤔
I have no problem with her getting injections to get dark but is it healthy. Those major boobs look so unhealthy. If bruce can be a woman then let her be black
Now she's black? Um she was on botched trying to get bigger boobs n an ass, Lawd!
She went full blackface. You never go full blackface....deep sigh.
black people should be proud! we have conquered
This isn't even offensive to me. I'm way beyond that part. I'm more sad for her, that a human being would fuck herself up so much. And that doctors are allowed to do shit like this. Look at that woman, she can't even fucking walk properly.
n ur palms is black fool
Ask her what is the difference between Africa and Jamaica... and she is trying to sound African or Jamaican or whatever but she sound absolutely stupid and so does her husband \nI'm mixed btw
I guess black does crack... those boobs are freakishly large makes her skin treatment secondary factor
shes clearly too smart to be black :D
They are reading her for garbage
The picture of her in the red swimsuit... she looked damn good back then. what a shame.
SINCE WHEN DOES A BLACK PERSON LOOK LIKE........LIKE THAT!!!!!!!!!!!???????!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!? 😮 THATS JUST CREEPY!!!!!! AGGGGHHH!!!!!!.......\nGAGHHH!!!!!!!!!!
I commend that she's doing what she feel is right for her. It's her body, her life... her Doctors told her the risks and she's willing to take them!\nInstead of being so pessimistic and expect others to follow what u believe is right, why not support free choices in life?
The Hebrew Israelites of the bible are beautiful different shades of Brown.... Yet most of us dont want to except our skin color. But this woman went so far as to try get the woolly kinky hair as the chosen people of the bible......ESAU IS TRULY THE DEVIL AS THE SCRIPTURES TEACHES. i love my beautiful Brown skin and thick woolly hair
She use to be so pretty lol and people should be proud of their skin color. I'm black and white, my skins tan and I'm proud!
Wut a stupid bitch
Funny af!!!!!!!!
3:36 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
foolishnesses smfh wtf is wrong with her
Her tits are disgusting
5:53 💀😂😂
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=5370
bruh. her boobs are an eyesore. they’re literally bowling balls 🎳
Her boobs are beach bslks
........EEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWW NASTY AF
5:14 😁😁
That’s about white:l
hot, i wish i had transnigger girlfriend
Lolllll😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
She looked amazing before
smh fucking Germans
She is German....
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
I don't think anything is wrong wit it so everybody need to stop biychibg that's wats wrong with the world let people live
Who gives a shit its her body her choice.
Are you ready for Martina LIVE?  Executive Producer Paul Faulhaber and Martina Big will be LIVE on Facebook at 2:30pm est. Get your questions ready!
Her breasts are disgusting
The reason I can’t give blood in Canada
True, the Gekke Koeien Ziekte as it was known locally kept people in a panic for years and thankfully it seems under control. For now. What's missing in this vid though is the less pleasant details that really will impact us in the next few decades and centuries. \n\nNamely that as a preventative measure millions of cows were slaughtered, some for being merely within 5km of a mad cow diseased bovine. As a result of which, cattle stock is getting a bit more incestuous than is healthy. Not just for extra limbs and such, but more because the next disease could be the one to wipe them all out due to shared weaknesses. \n\nAdditionally, the loss of so many cattle caused the usual human drama: bankruptcy, homelessness, pointless marching in protest, etc.. But that's less significant.
Dawn thus correspondent task desire short must carry chef.
1:59
So mad cow disease is Kuru for cows?
Mad Cow was so over hyped by the Vegans and Tree Huggers. There is no proof that any human was infected with BSE by eating beef. But then again, eating cow brains is a delicacy in some parts of Europe.\nCJD doesn't appear to be the result of zoonosis.\n3:41 It is unlikely that CJD is spread by blood transfusions.
2:30 ... at least these wereren’t ground up and fed to other humans.
This guy overuses his hands something fierce
this reminds me of something that happens in in some tribes in Africa called the laughing disease if you know what i am talking about then you understand why
What Happened to Mad Cow Disease? They renamed it PMS. \nI sincerely apologize for the above. But I just could not resist, I'm a bad, bad man.
know why it's called PMS ?\n\n\n\nbecause ...... 'Mad Cow Disease is ALREADY TAKEN !!!
and what about the reference to rapeseed content of the feed causing Mad Cow Disease? I understand that when it was removed from the feed the disease mysteriously disappeared. Also in order to use it for human consumption, they (canola industry) knew they had to reduce the poisonous content to make it nearly safe for human consumption....
I once knew a contortionist named Prion she drove all the men insane
I’ve never been able to donate blood because of my time living in Europe during the height of Mad Cow Disease.
dont eat cow in uk\nill remember that
I think it's safe to say that most animals can't handle any form of cannibalism. When humans eat humans specifically human brains the person dining will most likely develop a lovely disease known as Kuru a.k.a laughing sickness. This is also a prion disease that eats away at the brain causing it to look spongey. Basically it's mad cow disease for humans. Not saying all animals can't eat their own kind but there's a reason why we shouldn't feed ourselves and animals ground up remains of their species. I'm sure somewhere out there is a mad scientist experimenting on this occurrence to understand why cannibalism causes such strange ailments or what causes a perfectly healthy prion to become a traitor.
Scrapie was likely to have been caused by the inbreeding of sheep for desirable characteristic
Deadly Feasts By Richard Rhodes is a really interesting book about mad cow and related diseases in both humans and other animals. It follows the researchers who discovered it and the prions that cause it. Or look up the documentary Kuru: The Science and the Sorcery here on YouTube to learn about and see one of those researchers and the vCJD he studied.
Cow 1 to cow 2: Are you worried about mad cow disease? Cow 2: Why would I be? I'm a chicken!
A family friend just died a month ago of vCJD. I wonder when they made this video. Was he included in the four cases from the U.S., or has the number now jumped to five? :(
Why were we feeding ground up sick animals to cows? Don't cows eat grass?
YOUTUBE FOR FUCKSAKE STOP RECOMMENDING ME THIS VIDEO, I ALREADY WATCHED IT TWICE
And now we're feeding chicken by products to chickens..........
I knew JCVD was deadly but damn.
they also make pigs carnival.
I still don't like hamburgers though. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan. I just hate the taste. :|
if you want to know more about this, look up kuru
Use lake conclusion chief half site display healthy.
So thats what all the fuss was about... huh.
Fun fact! This is why I don't eat beef! But now also environmentalism reasons.
Considering hamburgers are 90% lips and arseholes.....its probably best to sear clear of them anyway.
I can't donate blood since I used to live in Europe in the 90's because of this. It's like I have Schroedinger's Mad Cow Disease.
YEAHhhhhhhh .... Just totally gloss over the fact that the cattle testing program here in the US wouldn't catch a case that occurred even if there was one. Besides not testing nearly enough of the cattle we eat, the cattle are slaughtered at less than 2 years old. Which is long before BSE would be detectable. And even one prion is enough to eventually kill you, the amount you eat just determines how long the incubation period is. And we have an Alzheimer's epidemic where the symptoms can in some cases be strikingly similar to vCJD... (cough cough ignore the anomalous autopsies of Alzheimer's and dementia patients.)
It's been mooted that a cleaning process involving carbon-tetraflouride that was stopped, IIRC, in the 80's, (over legitimate concerns about it's use) may have allowed the scrapie prion to migrate.
Is a similar disease that infects whitetail deer and caused by a similar issue it can leave entire regions uninhabitable for whitetail deer for Generations
I wonder if Donald Trump ate his own steaks? If so, where did they come from? \nThat might explain a lot! ;-)
A friend of mine still doesn't eat beef because of it.
Prions in land fills, do not die. Think about what they do with the brain. The brain contains the Prions and yes they can travel to other areas of the body, but mostly they are found in the brain.
They run out of finance after the project got discovered, like the aids and anti biotics project. All man made problems they get paid to fix.
I actually know someone who died of mad cow disease about 5 years ago and in just two months she was dead. it was on the news and everyone was freaking out cause apparently another lady in the same area got it around the same time
3:33 the bit about donating blood. It seems every blood drive I run into, I seem to be the first one to have ever educated any of the people taking blood on this. When I tell them I cannot donate blood because I lived in Germany between 1978 and 1982, and again between 1988 and 1994, they just look at me like I'm weird.
So if it isn't a problem to eat meat from a cow with mad cow disease, how come they won't allow you to donate blood if you lived in England during the outbreak?
Done it again, though this was going to be about 3 phase feminism.\n🤣😂😂🤣 no this is about friendly animals.
I was in the UK during the mid 90's and for that reason i'm not allowed to donate blood.
Mad cow disease is on the streets and called Antifa.
.......how did they not figure out an herbivore shouldnt be fed an cannibal diet....... oh Europeans. your history is quite telling
i remember an outbreak of it in the 2000s and i remember alot of hispanics were pissed about about it because alot of cow organs werent sold because of the disease scare. you had a higher risk of getting it if you ate the organs.
What happened to Mad Cow Disease?\nGovernment Regulation & Enforcement.
what makes it really scary is that prions can remain inactive in the brain for decades before being set off. there are people who ate infected beef in the 90s are still alive today with ticking time bombs in their heads.
My mother has this sad to say
There's one inaccuracy in this video. When he says that all cases in the u.s. were picked up over seas. My grandma died of vCJD before i was born. They don't know how she got it. So we can't know for sure that it was picked up over seas
New farming practices yeah like not force cannibal feeding cows? Genius.
I actually knew one of the few that were effected by the human strain. It was really sad :(
In India, we call people like you 'Champu'😂
huh.. so its not a zombie apocalypse.
Yep, can't donate blood in the USA because of living in the UK in the early 90s.
Why do people scream during night? How to fix it?
Maybe we could look at the theory of Kuru
perhaps, the cows are no longer angry. arbitration, i suppose ...et carter
Your steak is not out to get you\nthat's debatable, lol
1.Get a grass eater.\n2.Feed it its own meat.\n3.Wait for results.\n4.Repeat the process.\n5.Call yourself a wise ape.\n6.NO PROFIT.
What the he’ll is this. Everybody knows made snail disease is worse
Human madness also comes from eaten crushed human bones and muscles
The government creates these diseases to scaremonger , what ever happened to mad cow disease , bse, bird flu , SARS , Ebola ,
If a cat is pissed off at me does it have mad meow disease?
Now I'll go and eat steak.
Weird, I looked it up awhile back & found something about it being caused by the pesticides being used on the cows to keep flies that make holes in their hides away, and the chemicals from said pesticides reached their brains because of the holes flies had made. Good to know the actual cause though.
But how is the cow mad..
Well, that's comforting to know.......?
So we don't know for sure how people got vCJD but we know all Americans who got it picked it up overseas. You guys...
I always read that eating the raw brain of your species is what causes the prions to become mad and react with a degenerative disease. \nBasically you can't eat someone else's prion. It doesn't like yours and will attack.
Look up David Louthan Mad Cow Disease Moses Lake Wa. David Louthan, my moms ex and my little brothers father, alerted to a cow showing symptoms of BSE, at Vern's Meats. It was all over the news for a little while. The cow did test positive. And also our family's life was torn apart from his fame
I learned about the disease Kuru long ago and it was very interesting. It was a prion disease spread when a cannibal tribe in New Guinea honored their dead relatives by eating them. So a relative would die of Kuru and the relatives would eat them and get infected with Kuru! It was like Mad Cow disease for cannibals. You can read about it on Wikipedia. \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
It was renamed to feminism
1:59
There is a similar prion disease in humans called Kuru. Groups in Papua New Guinea that practiced cannibalism in funeral ceremonies cooked and ate most of the body including the brain. After the practice was discontinued new cases dropped dramatically but it still popped up for over 50 years from people who were infected before the practice was ended. The last official death from Kuru was in 2009 and the epidemic was declared over in 2012 with no verifiable cases since.
Man I guess I should never eat cow anymore. Probably shouldn't eat pork just to be safe. Plus with bird flu I shouldn't eat chicken either. You know what? I'm just going to eat bats and bush animals, that's almost certainly safer!
I'm a Vegan now 😊
The previous episode on the same topic was way more informative - \nthis is all about cannibalism \nhttps://youtu.be/Cubu-k7kSvw
The human appetite for animal flesh is a driving force behind virtually every major category of environmental damage now threatening the human future - deforestation, erosion, fresh water scarcity, air and water pollution, climate change, biodiversity loss, social injustice, the destabilization of communities and the spread of disease. -- The World Watch Institute
This was a good video...well done.\n                                                 👆🏻
Prions suck.
Love Stefan ❤️
what about mad snail disease?
Oh, not the moomoos!
Cows were fed with dead Cows?? ? Srsly. Aren't cows herbivores?
Kuru.
JCVD
....but...where is Hank?....
Why hollywood wont hire mad cow disease anymore.
Red sky at night,\nCattle alight.
Also THE FACT THAT COWS WERE BEING FED TO OTHER COWS WTF 😱
You know the best way to avoid getting mad cow disease, don't eat meat, simple.
what happened to ebola, Sars, west nile and Zika?
How did people get vCJD if it's not transmitted through meat?
New farming practices like....not telling the truth about how farmers and the American government work together to cover up the cases? Then any case exposed is tarred as Alzheimer's or dementia instead? 🤔
Is this how dementia is being  branded as a modified version of cjd but the govt not admit it ?
Another good reason to be vegan
F u Mad Cow! Getting nagged at 24/7 to give blood, while no one wants it cuz I went to the UK to visit fam a few times in the 90s 🖕
In brazil too. I couldn't donate because I lived in europe for 6 years, being the limit 5.
Never ending love for The Maine. So proud to be a fan of some of the most talented people out there💜
I literally love them and everything about this video. My goodness.
This is my favorite song off the album and this video is perfect 🖤
Favorite song off the album!! This was amazing I love you guys! Can't wait to see you live!! 🤣🤣
Freshly washed hair, Christmas vibes and my grandma's couch. Pretty much everything to make a pretty damn good music video ! See you on October 24th aaaaaand maybe November 24th ;)
I'm at least 40,000 of the views rn
Never heard of them, but this is good
I feel wonderful. Emotional. You guys have making the music to my life the last 10-12 years. Thank you.
AHHH I love this album!! This is one of my fav songs on the album, so glad theres a video for it now and I like how this video brings a nice aesthetic to the song.
the maine is so aesthetic and their lyrics are so personal. somehow asking the bigger questions through their music. an album has never personified and represented me so much in my life as lovely little lonely. it'll be hard to ever love another record more than this one. this band is my muse.
i would love to see you guys in ATL this fall but I'm a poor college student lmao help me out pleeeeaaasseeee
I could use 2 tickets to your ny Huntington show because im a broke college student who just wants to see you guys in concert because i have been listening to american candy and lovely little lonely on repeat everyday
Love this song. Love this album. Love this video! And love you guys! So awesome to see how you've grown as a band. Still my favorite after 8 years! Thank you for being you!
Just got added to my channel  : )
Saw them live last week and John (main singer) and the bass player are the only ones who put any emotion into it
How can you not love this band? Beautiful music. Creative visuals. Adorkable guys. ❤
I love the simple aesthetic and all the close ups. Kind of reminds me of the Am I  Pretty video.
This is my feel good song. This song is so beautiful and it just hits home. I swear I've been different since the day I heard it. I've been listening to you guys forever but this song, it just linked up with my soul.
i think i’m in love with this band
(one of) my favorites songs + favorite flower = beautiful video \nCan't wait to see you guys in Sacramento!
this album is a milestone. love it so much,makes me feel so many different emotions,it had such an impact on me
Met these lovely guys on April 10, the week after LLL was reased at a pop up show in downtown LA. They were the loveliest and nicest people I've ever met. This album is so good and Taxi is one of my favorite songs off it. They are always so creative with their music videos, i love it. Hopefully i get to see them perform live for the first time during the Modern Nostalgia tour and talk to them again!💜
Every single one of your songs strikes a new chord. They are so raw and real- I'm a huge fan and I can't wait to see y'all again ❤️
Hi yes I saw y’all at warped tour in 2016 in NC and you changed my life that day. The energy y’all had was amazing and it’s one of the best live shows I’ve ever seen.  I love you guys so much and would love to see you again ❤️❤️❤️
this music video is so aesthetically pleasing to watch😍
Y'all are seriously my favorite band :) I have seen y'all twice and I cannot wait to see y'all for a third time! I adore yalls sound and unique sound! Please share the tickets with me so I can have my friends experience yalls awesomeness just like I have 😊❤️
being the procrastinator that i am, i've waited until now to watch this video. i think you guys are the only band that i truly love anymore. you're great and i love you
The aesthetic of this video is so cool! Another awesome music video by The Maine, also love this song so much! Great job guys!!!!
Congrats, guys! This music video is so amazing and my favorite so far!
I love the old-school film style of the video! How Do You Feel? is my favorite song--not only of LLL--but altogether of yours and I think the red theme in the background and on all of the instruments was the perfect way to symbolize the message of the song; there's blood running through your veins and how do you feel? Do you feel passion for life, what shakes your world and breaks your heart? It's a great reminder to really live life instead of just be alive. Thanks for the inspiration and the great video! I would DIE to see you all perform LLL & AC in full in Baltimore! ❤️❤️❤️
You guys have come suchhhh a long way it's so amazing how many peoples souls you've touched with your music
the maine and aesthetics, the recipe to perfection
I love this video and it’s vibe! These boys never disappoint. Thanks for keeping it fresh!
Placebo!!........... Remember!?
I got a Wendy's commercial before watching this video and now I'm craving fries. Anyways this song makes me feel something. Wish I could see you all on tour.
My fav on the album! So happy they made a video for it!
This song always makes me cry 'cause it hits home so much. Very, very lovely video you guys!
I've watched this way too many times... yet here I am again. 😍😂
me ? crying at how much i love these boys ? you betcha
This is my favorite song off the new album and I'm sooo excited to hear it on the Modern Nostalgia tour! also I'm intrigued by the girl in the video for .2 secs. What happens to her?!?
I’m shaking in my boots
Why dosent this have alot of views?!?
The Maine just has that ability to create and perform songs that you want to be enveloped in <3
SUCH A GREAT ALBUM! I can't even!! This is too good😭😭💜
Such a good song
no offence but john o'callaghan has the prettiest eyes
Manila's waiting for the modern nostalgia tour!!
How do you feel?
this is beautiful BUT COULD YOU PLEASE ADD A SF DATE
ARE YOU ALIVE BUT ARE YOU LIVING?! MY FAVE LINE YOU GUYS NEVER FAIL! White suit yas please <3
Always killing it with the aesthetics. So much love for this band and the whole 8123 family.
Great song. Love the aesthetics
it's been a while since I haven't found a good song by a band, thanks guys
I LOVE THIS I LOVE YOU
Window Tinting Training and Window tinting Classes Learn window tinting \ntips and get Window Tint Training. http://bit.ly/2foSfWa
Love love love this song. Maybe my favorite from the album. Keep it up you guys 😁
I really love how there's always a concept behind every album period. Especially love this one 💕
You guys keep putting out the coolest videos! Super impressed and excited to have visuals to go along with the most incredible album. Aesthetic game so strong
Nice video 💛💛💛💛\nLoved Kennedy's guitar
THANK YOU SOO MUCH FOR MAKING A MUSIC VIDEO FOR THIS. THIS SONG MEANS A LOT TO ME❤️
I wonder how many roses you guys have been through during the LLL era so far 😂
WHAT A MUSIC VIDEO!!!!! Guys, please release a Behind The Scenes version.
this song is so good I cant
wow, I love this video so much!! Me and my friend olivia would love to see you guys in Cleveland!!! American candy and LLL are two of my all time favorite albums , I would love to share this experience with my best friend!
god this is the loveliest thing... I think if I HAD to pick a favorite song from LLL, it'd be tough but this one would probably be it. this song somehow is both the best song to jump around to dance to and my go-to I had a bad day I need to drive around late at night screaming the lyrics to a song that makes me feel better track. CAN'T WAIT FOR MODERN NOSTALGIA
It really warms my heart seeing how far y'all have come since I found you guys on Myspace back in 2008. Here's to many more years to come watching y'all do what you love because you love it! :)
You are the best guys❤️
This song definitely gets me in my feels 😭 the opening line gives me chills every time. “Dearly depressed and broken hearted” love you guys so much 💕
I'd sell my left leg to hear this live
Please please please give me tickets I want to see garretts hair in person
Love this. Love you punks. So so proud 💕
Gave me some That Thing You Do! vibes :) Great video for an exceptional song! Thanks for continuing to spoil us with such great content!
This video is beautiful. The Maine always kills aesthetic. Me and my best friend would love 2 tickets to the Buffalo  NY date. This band has deeply impacted both of us and brought us closer as friends. We are so thankful for this band and we were lucky enough to see you earlier this year. Thank you for creating music and impacting so many lives
This song hits me really hard for reasons unknown. I would love to see you guys in Nashville ☺️
my second favourite off the album, ty for the amazing video and song! <3 I wish there was a toronto date ahhhhh
I would like tickets to the Long Island show! I’ve been a fan since 2008 and I’ve been to every tour since 2010! My sister and I also got matching Maine tattoos this summer! You guys have gotten me through a lot of tough times, I’d love to see you again 💛💛
If I cover three walls of my living room in red roses floor to ceiling, will you come and play this for me?
never feel anything less than warmth and light with everything you put out for us !!!!!
TAKING BACK SUNDAY VIBES ALL OVER THIS VIDEO. I AM LIVING!!!
Still have yet to come out with a bad video, you guys killed it again !!!
Favorite band in middle school, high school, and beyond! Still so in love with y'all! Love the aesthetics :)
John bebezinho, o amor que eu tenho por esse álbum é imenso <3333333333333
If I win the tickets I'm taking my friend Ana she likes you guys
It sucks how little recognition deserving bands like these get. And shit songs like despacito, etc gets so much attention. These songs help people through shit and make them feel happy. World's a fucked up place.#IamTheMaine
please give me tickets x
❤❤❤
Tão lindos ❤️
como amo ❤
my boys are so dapper
Nice instrumental
🇺🇸🍬 & ❤▫🚶
Great video kids
😍
THIS IS ART
<3
love u guys amazing video
Where's Halle Berry
Yaaaaassss queens 👑👑
Nice
up until now, this is the greatest thing we've ever done.  Lettuce know what can top this...
100,000000,0000000,0000000000000,0000000,00000000000,0000000,00000000000,
Hi
do a giant donut
so good
Make a giant cannoli
Honestly Julia is cringey
6:22 BUT THAT SUNSET THO❤️❤️
27 exactly
Never had one...
Plz do pizza rolls
Make a giant toaster strudel
10
Bagel overload
Dominos garlic bread twists!
6:35 BUT THAT SUNSET DOE
But that sunset tho
900 bagel bites
Your so cool jp
Do a giant Big Dipper
But That Sunset Tho!!!
ive never had a bagel bite
Like 50 bagel bites in 1 sitting
BUT THAT SUNSET THO
Make pizza pockets
Gosh dang it now I want Bagel-bites
do the bagel dance🤣
Looks like Donut
Do a giant croissant 🥐
Giant Reese's peanut butter cup
Try make something mini
please make giant rolled ice cream!! 😭
Make a giant croissant 🔥🔥🔥😍🤤😍
NORMAL MASTER RACE!!!!!!!!!!!1!111! Bb
Make a giant macaroons pls
what difference betwen Bagel and Donuts?
I havent even tryed one ;-; cri
Giant Italian Rice  Ball ( Arinchini ) filled with meat sauce,cheese, sweet peas. Breaded and deep fried...
I HATE BAGEL BITES!!!!
Can you make applebee’s chicken quesdilla
Isn't that Mark Doners sound track
don't touch that  be more gentle Jp
I love giant, like giant dick, and giant boobs
I like giant things
Why don't you do a giant Philly cheese steak hot pocket
Can u also make something TINY
When the music I was like But that sunset THO
i like the julia slo mo eating, but then ...oh no! jp close up, ahhh.
I can eat 150 in one sitting
You should name\nit how to gain 250 pounds 101
I could prolly eat like 65 bagel bites in a sitting, i fucming love them
best video made so far
whats the song at 6:21
JP'S voiceover, I CAN'T!! lol
Damn. I wish I knew how to cook.
why Julia is always says everything you guys made is the greatest thing? so, which one is actually the greatest thing????
I feel weird watching this because I've never had bagel bites
This actually looks amazing.!! We don't have these in the uk 😭😭
How did you make a bagel but vidideo and not have one “cut the cheese” joke 😑
GUYS STOP.  What is that song????
Make the KFC Hawaiian double down
But that sunset though:)
You guys should totally make different types of GiAnT HOT POCKETS!!!
Make a giant hot pocket
I love the giant food
I cant help but notice that lonely hair sticking under the dough at 1:58  =(
WHO HAS THIS STUFF
Giant Mc Griddle please\nI've always wanted to see a giant mc griddle\nI love mc griddles
I love JP'S nice voice
It’s not bagel bite it’s bagel bites see what I did no ok ;-;
ik im not the only one who wants to know the song at the end its 🔥🔥🔥🔥
1:14 \n\nDirty Minded me: Hehe..\n\n\nMe: Why ..\n\n1:33 \n\nDirty Minded me: Put That thumb In there..*Moan*\n\nMe : AH GUN PLEASE GIMME A GUN
i would eat a whole box of bagelbites
But a giant Bagel Bite is just pizza..kinda
who else is eating a bagel bite right now?? XD
I've never had a bagel bite
1:36\nLol, did JP try his hardest to make the funniest and most awkward food porn sentence.
this is so cool!! I wanna make bagel bites now lol
But i want a LOT of normal size bagels =O
Make actual BAGEL bites. They're just pizzas with a hole. Or maybe it's a bagel hack?
I legitimately thought they said Bon Jovi has sponsored this video.
Wait when did they get engaged?
Do weird food that the tasted is so good
If only I'm your son😭😭😏😏
You should make a pizzadilla!!! It's sooooooo good
https://youtu.be/fOuaLT04h2A , make Lord Beeris burger. Please!!!!!!..... make a anime corner once a month. Food based on or favorites from anime.
you were getting a lil intimate with that dough jp
6:22 using mark doner's but that sunset tho
Make a pizza pretzel \n•make a strip of pizza\n•roll it\n•make it into a pretzel shape.
1:56 lol you got Hair into it
What’s the song their playing?
We don't have bagel bites in England which sucks because they look so good
When JP said it poofed over night I couldn't help but think of Markiplier
🎶Do the bagel dance, bagel dance🎶\n- Jake Paul
honestly my fave couple <3 they always have so much fun together!
I’ve never eaten a bagel because I dont live in America or a country that sells them
I really wanna try that!! Great job guys🌚💛
Jp: people who hate giant things \nPersons name is :I like small things in my mouth lol 😂
OMG AT 1:57 THERES A HAIR ON THE DOH not a heiter doo
Try to make a giant churro
Kevin D Jimison and Lecrae should collab!
Listen to God I Love You by Kevin D Jimison! Thats my favorite Christian rap song! Kevin D Jimison and Lecrae should collab!
KEVIN D JIMISON!!!
Check out God I Love You by Kevin D Jimison! That song is a blessing!
I support Lecrae through it all. We're brothers!
Lecrae should make a remix of this song with Kevin D Jimison on it!
Drop the mic.
Best track of the new album!
and people doubted him
If you don't hear this you sleep the whole album is fire he is anotied
Let me get a two piece! Hahaha!
I actually wonder if the 112 dislikes are accidental clicks?
EEeeeeeeEEEEeeekkkkkkkkkKKK!!! This track got me so hype! Love the album, Lecrae brought it on this... He navigated and captured the culture and time period in a beautiful way. This track is my favorite and straight fiiiirrreeeee! Keep doing your thing Lecrae this album is an inspiration! #letmegeta2piece
Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.\nJames 4:4 KJV
thank you for putting it up🙌👊
i love this song I have every album of lecraes and Ive heard every single song he made and been featured in but this one is fire
Dude the hook scared me. Its so good
If you don't understand the it will be impossible for me to explain it to you n for to comprehend, IF your not filled with the Holy Spirit?
this is fire..secular hip hop, yall better watch out
how they shot him in the street. SHEESH these facts. 💭💭💭
I love this so much lol 😂
I WILL ONLY TELL D TRUTH...
Can't wait to see him live in LA!!
#49 on trending that's a fact. #48 other videos somehow above it that are non-factors
European with that ultra perm & them soft eyes & thin lips! Rollin... 😂😂😂😂😂😂
why does this have 90,000 views and is TRENDING???
GET IT LECRAE! You went hard.
I don't know why but I sense a trip lee vibe in this song lmao , as weird as that is lmao
Hahaaa! At the end of the song you went Gospel Gangsta on'em
That........ I will only tell the truth is annoying.
This track has a Outlast vibe 👌
🔥🔥 check out my reaction/review of the entire ATWT album!!! tell me what you think!
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
#laughs.\nI'm almost sure some people actually picture the European Jesus with the ultra perm saying yes to their prayers when they pray.
LeCrae is rockin' that New Era sound on this Song, but he dropped that Fire on the track.
Dang Son. the Critics are Butt-Hurt In This Comment Section 4real
Can't get over this song!
💜💣💥..THE DAWN OF A NEW DAY HAS COME BEFORE US WITH AN UNAPOLOGETIC TRUTH.
Why he look like Beatlejuice from Howard Stern in the thumbnail? 🤔
i gues i can go ahead and say this song spits FACTS DEADASS 🅱\n\n\n\n\n\n\nill see myself out.......
best rapper of the world👍💫
We always knew Elvis stole Black artists' music, some of us just don't wanna deal with the ugliness of that...That era, that genre, and then we pretend it don't exist in 2017! Thanks 🙏🏽 lecrae for being light!
Heard this like 10 times today, too hot
Lecrea you are amazing I can't wait for your next album God bless
The lyric about Jesus and the liberal/conservative debate. Deep.
I’ve probabaly put 1,000 views on this vid
#36 Trending but it ain't even 100 K thats facts!!!!!!!!!!
He went in on this
Praise Jesus for our dude Cray!
🔥🔥🔥🔥
So good.
👍🏾👍🏾
Love it!!
Yo yo
1 to 10? 10
Goosebumps 🔥
Ayeeeeeeee
Awesome video !! Subscribe https://youtu.be/RlrxwQHEmfo
👍
Awesome!!!!
EMINEMS NEW ALBUM LEAKED!!!!\n\nhttps://thepiratebay.org/torrent/18639511
is that Iman shumpert
Tight!
50 on trending
RyanLox
Woah! He betta say that!
🔥✊🏾
Wooooooooah!!! Did yall hear what he said! Lol tell em Lecrae!
Sounds like Drake.
Welcome Home Crae. We've been waiting.
The word play.. mind boggling.. Blessed.. 👌 💪👏👏👏🔥🔥🔥
Drake
hard.🔥💪
🙏💯💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
soooo good
WOW!!!!! ❤️😃
#50 on trending.
Ft. Drake?,... oh thats just him....
🙌
Fffffiiiiiiiirrrrrreeeee🔥🔥🔥
SOLID!!!!!!!!
Snapped
WOW. that was amazing.
Garbage
Lecrae trending !? Let's goooooo🔥🔥🔥\nLet's keep it going
any rappers, singers, artists ect- check my beats if ya gotta minute
💯✊🏾
Top 🔝❤
I love lecraes truth and transparency. He is indeed my favorite artist. And i really could care less who thinks less of him. People say he's changed. I say change is good. Especially if it means you've grown as a person. Keep dropping them gems my guy.
Why listen to a Drake knock off when I can listen to the real deal?
Lecrae, I know you get a lot of criticism, but I appreciated the songs you used to make about God...now it seems to all be about you...as in you trying to express yourself rather than trying to communicate Him
A lot of defensiveness, hostility, and divisiveness against the church here. I don't get it.
THISSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MYYYYY GOD!!!!!!! FATHER GIVE ME THE TRUTH TO SPEAK WITH BOLDNESS AND BOLDNESS TO SPEAK THE TRUTH!!!! YEEESSSSSSS!!!!!!
This got the same background beat as back to back by drake 🤔, just little tweaks to sound the flow
Make sure you SUBSCRIBE to my channel, making original songs made all by me!!! Why you gotta cuss 'Crae?
#50 on trending 🔥🔥🔥
Who says hella in a Christian song?
love the last part ;D such a great song and album & GENRE OF MUSIC. CHICKEN SHACK!
stupid coon
So blasphemous,repent and ask The Lord  Jesus Christ in your hearts and let him take control over your life. Give your soul to him b4 it's too late. His hand is always out all you have to do is accept him. This is satanic puppets. The devil will deceive,lie,manipulate, & lead you into eternal Damnation. God gave his only begotten son for all of us. I am a proud Christian standing up for what I believe in. God is the only way to everlasting life. God bless each and E1 of you my brothers and sisters threw Christ. Hate to me will be ignored and simply be prayed for.
This is why I stick to weed.
Yea But she is addictive on KEBAB  :D
A very pragmatic vision by Edward Heath one sorely missed at the present time in Britain. More importantly demonstrates great knowledge/leadership on this important subject matter away from narrow ideologies.
really weird comments here...
This self serving tosser sold us out to Brussels and then admitted it on television 20 years later. I wonder what hidden recompense he received?
Fucker should have sunk on his yacht!, dig the fucking traitor up and sling whats left of him in the ocean.
UK/Europe: 1972-2016
To boot,he gets a 40k prize to betray his country. Politicians sticking it the people.sound familiar?History repeats it self over and over and over. And the sleeping masses can't be bothered to spit, less alone pass the lube as we get royally.... if you don't know what word was to follow royally you won't understand my sentiment.2017 and we are at the cuspHopefully enough are awake to make a difference.
I guess we will go back to no mans land again. No Empire, no Europe.
A man who could destroy his own nation state by sucking it into the European Union and lying about that intention on television to his own people, is capable of raping and murdering children.
Just another puppet of the hidden hand!
disappointing with the lack of singing
dirty child molester pedophile rot in hell!!!
Please sigh below petition. He was a traitor.\n\npetition.parliament.uk/petitions/122770
murderer
Worst act of betrayal and deceit of the British people that there has ever been.  I really hope Brexit really does mean Brexit and that T.May sees it through.
Heath - The Biggest traitor of UK democracy in History !
algun dia tendre ese publico! like si me apoyas
Pescaito PT🙋👏😀
temonn soy de peruu me encanta sus canciones
No llevo mucho fuera de colombia pero escuchado los temas de Carlos vives la recuerdo a toda hora...
https://youtu.be/pfYgqMb-514 Escucha mi cancion Ella-Paris
Me encantó ! Saludos de Brazil 🇧🇷
https://youtu.be/PpHprNHLrUc
Ah no andabas con el reguetton kvron :v
santa marta cuanto te extraño
👍👍👍
Wow linda canción 😍😍😍😍😊😊😊👏👏👏💜💜
Pura alegría 😁
Pescaíto & La Bicicleta, las mejores :)
Mi barrio 😆
epa colombia, mi pais
exelente carlos vives desde merida venezuela
Ya
Los Bolaños
Amo toda tú música 😍
Para cuando el feauturing con L'OMY?
orgulloso de ser de PESCAITO y de mi santa marta bella, la castellana, la playa uff que orgullo y orgulloso de colombia
mi tierra hp que alegria!!! pescaito es magico... MI santa marta bella!!!
JAJAJA Si ven que si se puede hacer una canción en español que no hable de sexo en español, Grande Carlitos 😊
🇨🇴🇨🇴🇨🇴🇨🇴🇨🇴🇨🇴👍🏾
Like si te gusto😌🎤🎧🎧🎼
extraño mi samaria
excelente cancion y video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DI86C-ricw
Pescaito!!!, el barrio del Pibe, Carlitos siempre rescatando lo mejor de nuestra hermosa Colombia ♥
Buen día. He subido video tutoriales que los pueden sacar de un apuro o hacerles ahorrar dinero, solo pido por favor apoyo al canal con solo suscribirse. Gracias por tu ayuda.
Saludos de Suiza 🇨🇭\nCarlos vives me encanta 💕
Jorales q chida cancion saludos de México
Vives..Genial
descargar cancion !\nhttp://shrink-service.it/s/5hZH1d
todo bn, todo bn
linda canción
CARLOS TE LA VACILASTE, VALE MÍA.
Genial 😁
Eeeeso!! Chevere ...me encanta a bailar!!!
Me encantaaaaaaaaa!!!💕💕💕💕💕
Carlos Vives es un gran artista y ser humano que es digno representante de Colombia, uno de los pocos diria casi el unico que jamas se olvido de sus raices y conserva su esencia. Esta cancion lo demuestra una vez mas... Viva Colombia!!! Saludos desde Buenos Aires, Argentina
Ídolo Carlos vives 🔥🔥
NOJODA MI SANTA MARTA COMO TE AMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Está muy buena ! :D
Saludos desde Zapala- neuquen- Argentina!!! Beso a la distancia! Un grande Carlos Vives.
Oye carlos esto es pura sabrosura,,   espero al Unión el eterno ciclón bananero en primera se necesita para los clásicos con mi A.B
*PES   CA    ÍTO*
Hola amigos, en mi canal podran descargar peliculas con calidad HD y audio latino muy buenas en 3 plataformas Mega, Mediafire y Utorrent, susbcribanse, GRACIAS
GRACIAS CARLOS ME SACASTE UNA SONRISA 😃😃
Huy Carlos viviergas le cambio el dial a otra emisora
Carlos vives es el más claro ejemplo del porque uno nunca debe hablar mal y decir nunca, en barranquilla una vez dijo, el reggaeton es una música sucia y denigrante, yo JAMÁS en mi vida cantaré con ese ritmo ahora lo vemos como uno más del montón cantandolo
Carlos Vives siempre con su sabor unico con su corazón en cada canción. Me encanta. El mejor de todos.
اين انتم ياعرب وينكم يااهل العراق
Me gustá su toque de champeta que tiene la canción, de sonidos tropicales.
Hermosa. Todos sus videos son magnificos.
estoy segura que no hay alguien que te ame mas ....soy Hadey Farfan....te amoooo
Enamorado de mi Caribe Colombiano!
Quién es la bailarina de blanco que aparece en el concierto? Me encanta❤️😁
que bonito barrio ahí cerca de la bahía y también Ver jugar al pibe y bolaños jajajajaja que recuerdos saludos santa marta una ciudad divina
SANTA MARTA DE MI AAALMAAAAAAAAA   COMO TE QUIERO
samaria 100 % viva mi colombia bella. todos por la paz
Hermoso homenaje a un lugar mágico que ha dado tantas figuras y personajes ilustres de Colombia. Gracias Carlos Vives, eres maravilloso. Qué viva nuestra música
Vamos pa la Castellana \n(frito fish, toma uno, vámos pa la Castellana) \n\nNo hay nada más bacano que sentarme a tu lado \ny respirar el aire que respiras \nTomarnos de la mano \ncruzar del monte al charo \npara llegar a una playa escondida \nAgua, metidos en el agua \nnadando entre las algas \ntu piel sobre mi espalda y sumergidos en el agua \ntú y yo una sola alma \nburbujas y más agua \njugando entre las olas sumergidos, dónde está \nel puerto vuelve a pitar \nel Michael se fue a pescar \nla fruta que no se va \ncarnaval tambor fútbol y mar \nhistorias que hay que contar \nla calle es para jugar \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \n\npásate de vaivenes y vive \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \ngente buena de aquí \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \n\nSentarnos con la gente \nsentir el sol ardiente \ndejar un poco que pase la vida \n\nAgua, metidos en el agua \nnadando entre las algas \ntu piel sobre mi espalda y sumergidos en el agua \ntú y yo una sola alma \nburbujas y más agua \njugando entre las olas sumergidos, dónde está \nel cuento vuelve a pitar \nel Michael se fue a pescar \nla fruta que no se va \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \ncarnaval tambor fútbol y mar \nhistorias que hay que contar \nla calle es para jugar \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \n\nPasa Esperanza con el pescao \npasa el progreso de medio lao \npasa la siesta y descomplique \npasa la copa que lleva Enrique \npasa el alcalde y el presidente \npasa la loca buscando el frente \npasa una sigla con Carlos Vives \npasa el turista buscando al pibe \n\ndónde está \nel puerto vuelve a pitar \nel Michael se fue a pescar \nla fruta que no se va \ncarnaval tambor fútbol y mar \nhistorias que hay que contar \nla calle es para jugar \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \n\nPasa la Chela, Silvio Lizcaio \nJaime De Luque, Maximiliano \nMedias Enrique Javier Corbacho \ncon los Castillos, con los Bolaños \n\nY Radamel regresa a su casa \ny el piso alto pasa y pasa con \nLos Palacios, Los Valderrama \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto
excelente carlos eres de los pocos que no se olvidan de nuestra tierra\nviva pescaito nojoda!!!
AMO A CARLOS VIVES  !! Como el ninguno ,me encanta su música esa energía y sencilles de Carlitos  q hace  q uno ame a Colombia y su cultura 😍😍 espero q mi próxima parada sea en Santa Marta 🤗 Viva Colombia
Saludos Desde Lima - Perú
Llegue tarde a comentar :( pero no importa VIVA MI TIERRA COLOMBIANA :)
Pasa un turista buscando al pibe y buscando al gran bollé, que fantástico eres, me pareces irreal.Agua , metidos en el agua.
Carlos a perdido mucha Fama 😢
Esta canción ya esta muy fea y redundante en el mismo tema patriótico, aburre la verdad.
santa marta te adoro con todo mi corazon
Me gusto mucho porque representa un barrio muy tradicional de Santa Marta como es el Pescaito donde salio el Pibe Valderrama y donde vive la familia de un gran amigo mio, Julio Pupo. Les recomiento tambien la cancion de Santa Marta: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FinkC6DGr8
Yo soy Mexicana y uno de mis sueños es ir al hermoso Colombia😍Un saludo para toda la gente de haya los amoo❤
una cita con  carlos vives ♥ , seria un sueño eres un gran cantante te amo ♥ me encantaria conocerlo en persona es mi cantante favorito
Genial! Carlos Vives como siempre teniendo a Colombia presente. Que alegría.
me encanta esta musica de pescaito  me alegro que le den un reconocimiento a pescaito
que  buena  musica  carlos    quisieras  ser  mi  amigo   por  you  tube
una super canción 🎶 quiero escucharla mil veces, se me emparaguaron los ojos al ver la alegría de la gente, el amor que muestras  a tu pueblo y la respuesta que ellos dan ha ese amor y compromiso es lo máximo, todo pasa en pescaito 🎣 🐠
se me hace un nudo en la garganta.. hermosa mi Samaria 😍😍 La perla
Como para que lo vea Silvestre que quiere Imitarlo jajaja . este Man si es un Grande Carlos Vives.
Por favor un Remix con l'omy 💪💪👌
Así como cuando eres de santa marta :u
perldon.....Yo pense en Adrian....disculpae ME ENCATA.....EN SERIO QUE LIN DAN LETRA ME RERERE GUSTA.GRACIAS.
perdió un poco la esencia falto el acordeón
Muy buena canción, Todo paso en mi pescaito :v
Saludos desde Luxemburgo extrañó colombia.\nJajaja pura mierda ando en.Neiva en la.carnicería de mi papá jajaja pero más de uno aplica esa ja
jugando entre las olas... 🎶 sentir el sol ardiente tu y yo una sola.alma🎸🎤 ...me encanta!
El mejor sin duda alguna
GRACIAS POR CARLOS VIVES NO HAY MAS COLOMBIANO MAS AGRADECIDOS CON SUS RAICES ESE CARLOS ES EL MEJOR MADE IN COLOMBIA
Carlos Vives ya regresa al vallenato por favor. Por eso te seguí desde que empezaste, la verdad ya no me gusta tanto reguetón.
Los invitamos a que se pasen por nuestro canal❤️
Esta canción es divina me encanta amo mi país colombia  orgullosamente colombiana saludos desde barranquilla la arenosa Muak.
Gran artista gran canción lástima q politice sutilmente con Clemencia Vargas la candidatura de su padre, lástima
Simplemete, Colombiaaaa. Y ese es Carlos Vives. Bacano.
Quien es la modelo? Esa morena bonita de uniforme!
Quien creyera que un barrio  sencillo de mi ciudad se iba a ver en tantas partes del mundo!! \nBello Carlos😍😍
a mover el esqueletitooooo  con esta canción
Mi ciudad bella tierra dos veses Santa marta
grabaron el video por mi casa😮😮😮😮😮😮😱😱😱😰
muyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Okay, total OCD here but the flyover shot of the ISO headquarters?  Sure those are some neat looking chevron shaped buildings, but it's going to forever bother me that two of them point inward and the third does not.   YOU RUINED THE PATTERN GOD DAMNIT.
Is there an ISO standard for the number of angels that can dance on the head of a pin?
Can you please make a video about India! About anything will work, I'm sure you'll find something.
Yo that line you drew for a container to go across the world.\n\nYou went the wrong way round.
I honestly can't think of a Brazilian who have never brewed a cup of tea before besides toddlers and kids.
is this wendover productions second channel?
You can probably find the document for free online...
But the teabags used would be different so it wouldn't be the same cup of tea
You sound like the guy at Wendover Productions. Are you the same?
Love the new channel man! I can’t believe there’s an ISO standard for so many everyday things!
What kind of weirdo puts milk in tea?
of course i find this video while drinking tea then again im British so what do you expect
I thought they were going to purchase and review a $40 cup of tea, universally heralded the international standard.
I can't imagine how much more difficult so many of our jobs would be without ISO.
No joke, but are you wendover productions?
In Switzerland you really do have to pay 40$ for some shitty tea...
well arent you going to make the actual tea??
Here in Brazil we like cold tea. Thats it
So when there's a research done with tea will the report specify it's ISO standard tea?
The USSR... No one is bringing up that Yugoslavia was also on that list
I clicked on the Skillshare link and it took me to a page that insists that I register before it will tell me anything about it. This is a red flag.
But I want a Nintendo Switch.
Your voice is so perfect for this job!!!
ISO standard teapots are weird.
DON'T YOU DARE PUT THAT MILK IN BEFORE THE WATER!
Milk first?  I'm preemptively spinning in my own grave at the thought!
Now I wanna know how to make Tea :d \nJust so I would know how I'm making it wrong...
When everyone moans about milk tea and you're there living with people that drink milk strawberry tea with maize bubbles everyday...
Don't put the milk in first, ya eejit!
All that and they never actually brewed a cup of tea?
How did people ever live 100 years ago
Fun fact: ISO is NOT an acronym and is pronounced “eiso” not “I-S-O”
Who thought the ISO standardized Tea would cost 40$ ? 😂
Give the animator a Nintendo Switch!
Everybody complains about adding milk to the tea\n.\n.\n.\n.\nWhile I'm here adding milk AND egg to my fucking tea
3:26 A tea standard without China? Fake standard!😂
Well how does it taste?
that's not how tea made. What nightmare
Nice transition to the sponsor
More like twice as interesting!
Ay say what you want but this is SOOOOO FUCKEN GOOD I love this series
I put the milk in my tea before the water. Otherwise the teabags will burn.
You know its gonna be a good video when 5 million brain cells die before you even get to 1:00
Who the hell puts milk in tea?
I'm Brazilian and we do drink tea, just not as much as we drink coffee though. The whole milk after or before tea thing makes no real sense, since tea isn't served with it here and it would be seen as weird.
Wait there's an ISO for cereal? Does the cereal or the milk go in first!?
3:28 the part where Turks look and go: WTF?! MILK IN TEA??
If brewed tea is add to milk then fine. But you never brew in pre milked water because the milk will slow the defusing. Yours a British Citizen UK.
Is this Tom Scott? https://youtu.be/jvJzi0BXcGI
This channel needs to be renamed Twice As Interesting.
40 dollars i could pay someone to brew for me ... with changes lol
Well that's because the Irish would be honoured to educate the rest of the world how to make tea, we just couldn't be arsed!
Welp it looks like the animator won't be getting a Nintendo switch any time soon.\n\n( Buying a Nintendo switch for your animator would be a better way to waste your money then a internationally recognised tea recipe. )
I thought you were going to actually make a cup of tea!  So disappointed.
I'm with the Irish on this one; YOU DON'T PUT THE MILK IN BEFORE THE HOT WATER!!!
Love the anthem in there lmao
I am British and I can happily teach you for free how to make a cup of tea, DM me lolol
Is the interesting half full or empty?
I have a Masters degree in international trade law, which might be a factor; but this is truly the best thing I have ever seen.
I hate bureaucracy... I would never pay $40 for a peice of paper.
I like the .iso file format for virtual disk images.
The reason milk was added first in historic instances was to protect the delicate bone china from shattering when hot water hit the cold cup, they added milk first so the hot water added would be slightly cooler and no cause the cup to shatter. But that is no longer the case with cups anymore, other than fine bone china.
I enjoyed the video, but I do have one critique. I’m sure you basically pulled Brasil out of a hat without realizing that they actually do drink tea there. Not the same tea like in the U.K. or the other countries mentioned, true, but they do drink tea. I lived there for just a few years and had tea all the time, often from herbs people grew at home. So yeah, may e a Brazilian researcher wouldn’t know how to brew tea like a British researcher would, but he could make some type of tea I’m sure. (My favorite I had while living there was probably camomila)
Milk BEFORE tea?! BLASPHEMY! Come, Brits and tea lovers, buck the system! TEA BEFORE MILK. *GOD SAVE THE QUEEN.*
Or the researchers could agree on how to prepare their tea so that the preparation method is uniform. And document their preparation procedure for anyone else who would want to replicate the experiment. No need to feed Eurocratic snobs $40 for that.
As an English person I belive it's a *Mortal Sin* to add milk first
I want a video on ISO for how to Wipe arse after business has been finished
This is the first of your videos I've watched, and it's hilarious. Subscribe
I have a question\n\n\n\n\nWhat's a gay bomb?
Dude, if you put the milk in first you don't have to stir... only a degenerate would put his milk in AFTER
He wants a Nintendo switch
I know this is small and picky\nIts kinda frustrating you started listing countries then stopped\nI know you were going for a joke but, \nIt felt more frustrating then funny  \nand the fast scrolling words kinda gave me a headache \nI know that last bit is personal but. . uh. . still xD\nOther wise the jokes were top notch xD
Cool. I'm gonna sue the hell out of my local Starbuck's for Not making tea by the ISO standard.
So I've been drinking tea wrong all my life!? Shame!Shame!
Of course the USSR approved it, they didn't even know how to make bread, do you really think they knew how to make tea on their own?
No one knows my language Japanese :(
Why did you like the googke comment?
Your editing is on point hahah keep up the awesome work mate!
I'm bummed you didn't actually make the tea!
As a University student studying a science degree, I have to say, the ISO is the bane of my existence. \n\nBut I also have to say why on earth is there not an ISO for plugs/ sockets and home electricity around the world. Seriously, needing a different plug to charge my shaver and toothbrush is a right pain, then if I go on holiday to the US I am expected to wait like two hours to charge my phone half way, what is this madness, everywhere needs to just use the same plug and power (preferably the UK standard unless a better alternative is available)
The soviet anthem killed me 😂
ISO Standard for no soul: $959.00
Holy shit it's wendover
TThis is amazing
Soviet Accepted Tea
this is amazing
Typical globalist Propaganda
Alright... but does Skillshare conform with ISO standarts?
India approved tea!
Half as Interesting, twice as hilarious
#fuckskillshare lol
FUCK FUCK USA
that sudden soviet anthem tho
That USSR moment 😂😂😂😂
I love this
Coffee is waaayy better
Iso means big in finnish launguage lel
Because I hate money..lol
No fecken milf in me tea!
WHY IS THIS TRENDING?
Can I do a reaction video on this???????
That is not plant
Why is this so funny? 😂
I fap to naked Charlotte every night
OH MY FUCKING GOD SHE JUST SWORE AND SAID THE WORD SLUT AND
The plant should judge her, as should you, Poppy. Punish her for her indecency, Poppy. Kill her, Poppy. You are the only truth, Poppy.
Charlotte you can't say that on the internet
I love you poppy
YES CHARLOTTE QUEEN IM HERE FOR IT
I was busy busting a nut then suddenly my notifications were all like what are you doing?
this guys never fail 2 creep me out
give me likes and charlotte will stay nude
what the actual fuck
Plant you know you like it. You want some Charlotte for dinner.
Don't make me do It Fred
I can't ser your  feet
Poppy, have you ever had a friend so far away from you for awhile of time?
I think this explains everything that celebrities are going through right now about being half naked and people slut shaming them for example :Miley Cyrus
To find the truth you must walk with rabbit, see through the rabbit, become rabbit ))<>((
I wish i had a penis to jerk off to charlotte
Why is Charlotte naked? and why was she being so mean to that plant? she's mad that she knows she is copying poppy.
Oh crap now I'm scared. Is she gonna take over the world with her mannequin army?
is it real poppy the haunted one or THATPOPPY is reaL
These fucking comments are killing me, ya'll are so chill about this shit
No wonder why I always get nightmares...
:0 she said the word with F twice!
Poppy ı dont love you you are idiot and NOOB Go Die !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Poppy you should watch Jake Paul
Is this a kind of feminist message?
Damn, Charlotte is a fucking savage
I love you poppy
Poppy should do a diss track on Danielle bregoli
Haven’t watched poppy in a while. I’ve clearly missed something.
'what would you know about decency you're a plant' ME
#soManyPopStarsComeOutNaked\n... ur not new ... no one wants it ... there are many more people to see #poppyIsOriginal
I identify as Plant
How many subs does she have
How many subscriber on this shiit? I just saw 23k after several min it change to 1sub wth this glitch shit are going on?
Poppy is cute but I hate this kind of art projects
Charlotte is beginning to remind me of a friend I broke it off with
What the hell is this video???
you need help your control by illumanati want help poppy i want everyone in this world to be save
What the actual fuck
I want to fuck you so hard charlotte
I thought poppy show was friendly
You are so dumb I hate poppy 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩🖕🖕🖕
Well, what a beautiful wall...
Hehe this is weird cuz.... I am a kid and plus.... I am a girl
Just put your clothes on. Being naked is for Frank liro and Gerard way when they're together.
#SAVAGE
U ARE CREEPY U PICO
NOW ITS EASY TO BURN SHELBY PAPET POOP
????????????
Yeah F**k you plant.
Agla
how r you??
CHARLLOTE YOU ARE FUCKING DOLL
seni seviyorum poppy
fuck you,plant
İllimünatici poppy öazöasş
Amk
0:29
#NathalieParis
Susarmısın dislike attım
Illuminati confirmed
0% drugs\n0% alcohol\n0% ass\n0% illuminati\n100%  TALENT1!!!!!!!11
what the fuck?
What is this
Let Poppy do that!!!lol
Stupid plant
SHOW VAGENE AND BOBS
LMAO CHARLOTTE IS ME
Fucking Demon plant
respect.
illumanit confirmed
FUCK U .... Plant
*Fuck you*
WOOOOOOOOOOAAAÀAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH THIS JUST GOT INTENCE WOW SWEARING ALERT DIDNT KNOW POPPY HAD SWEARING IN HER VIDS THIS IS WORSE THAT CREEPY POPPY THIS IS UMMMMM?
get your shit together Charlotte.
Her content is shite
sen yasiyonmu pic
How dare you slut shame me💀
Poppy  bitti artık prim günleri izlenmiyosun vazgeç:)))))))
Wtf bitch.
i luv u charlotte
Omg this lady needs help
Yes.
poppy abla babama sakso at
Sen yasiomusun amq djdjjdjfd
O love you
Yarrak
oh, damn. things just got real.
Salak
Charlotte suck.
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????!????????????????????(?)
Fack you poopy
poppy fuck your subleminal mesage ! fuck illuminati !! fuck new world order !!!
ananin ami poppy
Poppy should follow suit 😘😂
TEKRARLAYIN ORUSPU ÇOCUKLARI
Cute but wow expensive clothes!! Haha nice one Amelia! Love it as always! X
I guess only Amelia can pull off a fashion video that genuinely radiates with positive energy and keeps you smiling for almost 15 minutes non stop ✨😘 Kisses, gurl, you rock the fashion world and totally deserve that ❤️
love your style... but dont have that much money to spend on clothes .... <3
I absolutely LOVE your style! Oh how I wished I could afford your beautiful pieces! <3
Woo girl you spend a pretty penny on clothes! Loved watching this though
Wow just one of your outfits is over 3000 pounds! I realized a lot of bloggers, you tubers, etc during fashion week wear outfits worth over 1000-5000 dollars. I do know that you guys work hard for it! Its just crazy to fathom
I loved the addition of prices on screen. Helps to know what I can actually afford and click only on those ones 😊 😘
This c tilbury palette better be worth it. Trusting you Amelia.
The givenchy boots are amazinggg
this type of video is amazing!! pls keep doing them
I love your style, gorgerous! You can do a video like this every month.
I never get tired of what a wear videos. This was AWESOME!
Love the Givenchy boots, but the Balenciaga ones are hideous in my opinion. And they are everywhere 😔😔 - but its fun to watch you 👍🏽
OMG!!! So beyond excited for you meeting Charlotte Tilbury! 😍😍😍😍😍 Congratulation, girl!! I know how much you love her and her brand! It must have been a dream come true ✨✨✨
Great style Amelia! And thanks for showing us also your productive and walking gear:) I just loooove how you talk to Duke in the park, I do that also haha. And that nail polish colour looks awesome on you.
Can you please please do an updated hair care/style routine
I love everything except those balenciaga boots, I'm sorry but I just want to set them on fire and watch them burn
When you first started YouTube I LOVED your style, now it's gone so girly and colourful and basic for my taste :l it still suits you and you're beautiful just sad that i don't get as much inspo from you anymore xx
Loved this vid!😊💗 hopefully one day I will be successful and be able to afford all of these beautiful things as well hahaha
Loving the new vlog style with pricing for OOTD. Thank you!
love your style!! Have you thought of a video of outfits with no item more than 100?? yellow dress was gorgeous on you!!
That intro thou 😂😂😂😂
gorgeous outfits
Love the outfits💗
Love that you added the prices-so helpful!!
Are you the cutest human alive?
That Fashion Week outfit is so Almost Famous!
You know that grey sweater with the pom poms you wore last year? What brand is it? I love it.
hi Amelia, what brand are your round gold frame glasses from ?
I LOVE dog licks!!! 😂 I feel the exact same whenever I see dogs anywhere!!
The white dress with the slip from Monday evening is so cute! Thanks for showing off your style!
I can't believe your wearing a down jacket already, it was 89 degrees in N.Y. today. Dreading the cold winter ahead and hoping for a really mild winter. You look adorable in whatever you wear.
The white zimmerman dress, bag and shoes combo was TO DIE FOR... really made me rethink that gucci blooms collection ! Looved the video Thank you so much 💗👐
Amelia, I absolutely lovedddd this video 😍😍 perfect!!! Pls do more such videos .. love your style babe x
Your wardrobe is amazing - love everything you wear! Beautiful!!
You are killing it with these outfits girl! I need to get my hands on that gilet xx
Loved this! Where is your pretty gold necklace from? Thanks ! X
OMG Love!!! Last night was my birthday and I think it was the first time all year I wore heels LOLOL <3 <3
I like this series! Should do them more often!
Love this style of OOTD
We love your style Amelia :-)))
Love the lime dress so much !!!
what size do you have in your toyshop jamie jeans?? <3 love you
Loved this video, and especially loved those glasses you wore walking Duke. Would you mind checking the link for those, as it seems to be to a totally different pair. Love your always positive vibes and your style! Take care!!
Your style is AMAZING!
That reversible vest is perfect ahh!!
omg obsess with duke! soooo cute
Everything  is beautiful  😍
Love your hair
Yaaay 🤗 New fashion video 🙄
Amelia, honestly love your videos! 😊😊 love all your handbags!
Great Style 👌🏻😍😘🙋🏻
Looking gorgeous
Hey, what are those Nike trainers called?
Amelia, it would be great if you could find more dupes! Love a lot of these but definitely can't afford all of them haha.
Absolutely loved this video! You should do these more often xx
love how Duke looking at you every day,while  you showing your outfits 😂sooooooo cuuuuute😭😍
Love how you mix designer with high street!
You look like a princess ! In those manolo blahnik
I loved all the guest appearances from Duke in this video....and yes, I too love puppy/dog kisses!
Beautiful clothes, great style love duke in your videos he makes my day. keep up the great work. 👍😊
Loved this! Your style is so cute :))
DREAAAMY outfits!!! Love your taste in fashion and style! 😍\nCan you recommend the top wardrobe pieces to invest in?
Just wanted to say Amelia a huge congratulations  on doing the video with charlotte tilbury I watched your videos for years and I you have always mentioned her products so to see you working with her in videos is amazing and fabulous congratulations xxxx
So lovely this video 👌🏻 I loved all of your outfits 😍
Your style is so fabulous
Haha I always have at least a pair of heels and another jacket in my car, life saver! But how are you not cold? I live in London as well and I swear I wanna put on my whole wardrobe when I go out haha. Loove the Zimmerman white dress and the Manolos xx
Love love love you. And your hair 😍😍 Duke is the cutest little cutie pie 💞😘
No hate, but why all that price tags? I mean... whats the point? :) Just curious :) ✌
Love from Malaysia..
When I see that notification, I legit freak! Love your videos!!
The Tularosa dress is one of my favs! Lace and those sleeves, so pretty.
Amelia - the link for the zimmerman dupe isnt working.
I surched up my name and I found this lol
why are you even fucking bothering? nobody gives a fuck. I'm sat in sports kit, should I film it? no..cos I'm not a narcissistic cunt.
RETARD
You look amazing
Duke!!!  <3
Loved the blog
Love this. Definitely need to do these more often. Super informative
Loved this video Amelia! I loved the informal/vlog style!!! Please make more!! 💜
Love how the romper looks with that coat! Gorgeous!
Une night routine, une night routine !!!
Abbone sure la chaine
Tes trop belle ❤❤❤💋💋💋😀😀😀
+1 abonné 😍\nSuperbe vidéo t magnifiques 😘
Ce sont mes videos préférées <3
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bientôt 3M😍tellement fière de toi
I speak English
J'aime trop❤❤
Super video
tres belle video !
Vidéo au top!
j'adore!!
top 😄😄
Super look 😘
tu utilises quel lisseur please ? 🤔
Des p'tits airs d'Ariana Karenbeu ^^
Bientôt 3 millions d'abonnés 💕
Magnifique
Super vidéo continue ❤️😘
Avoine + Lait d'Amande + Lait d'agave + Micro-Onde :thinking:
c'est passionant
Maquillage de pouf !  😝💩💩💩
Tes TELLEMENT BELLE😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘MARIE!!!!!!!!
Trop belle super parfait 💓💓💓💓💓
❤❤
Coucou Marie, je te suis depuis longtemps et même si tu ne verras pas mon commentaire, je voudrais te donner la recette de quelque chose de naturel qui a carrément bien marché sur moi après environ 6ans d'acné! Je fais un mélange de 50 gouttes d'huile végétale de macadamia, 20 goûtes d'huile de tea tree, 20 gouttes de romarin verbénone et 20 gouttes d'huile de lavande, je l'applique tous les soirs sur mon visage et en quelques mois mes boutons ont diminués et aujourd'hui il ne me reste que les cicatrices qui partent aussi grâce à ce mélange, certes de temps en temps quelques boutons apparaissent mais vraiment peu. Voila continue ainsi, bonne journée!
On voit Jelly et/ou Nova dans le miroir derrière, quand tu mets ton mascara 😃🐶🐱
Superbe vidéo j'adore !!!!! \ntu es au top ma belle! \nbisous tous pleins !
La vidéo est très bien faite, mais je trouve que tu utilises encore énormément de produits , est-ce que qu'il n'y en a pas certains sur lesquels tu peu faire l'impasse ? Je trouve ça chouette aussi que tu fasses des journées sans maquillage car tu es très belle au naturel.
ça fait plus naturel Ah ben oui mdr
En 2017 y'a encore des gens qui regardes ces ptn de morning routines gênantes mdrrr
Si YouTube n'existait pas :\n\n\n\n\n\nEnjoyphoenix serait maigre
Je la trouve vraiment moche sans maquillage désolé mais c'est ce que je pense il y a des youtubeuse qui sont tout aussi jolie maquiller et sans maquillage mais alors elle c'est pas le cas
je trouve qu’il y a trop de maquillage et pas assez d’activité mais si nn sa passe
Cette vidéos et bien pour commencer l'Autône.
Cette video était juste super!! Si vous pourriez venir écouter les musics présentent sur ma chaine, ce serait super merci!! :)
J'espère que tu n'arrêtera jamais t'es vidéo enjoyphenix jtm. Et
Tu as acheter ou ton pull ? Il est trop trop beau ! 💗 et je tadore ❤
C'est quoi le vernis ? Si quelqu'un sait car il est vraiment beau !
Étant jeune maman ,je dois aller vite le matin .sans compter que des que mon fils dort je dors un peu (Du moins pour le moment étant encore à la maternité ).beaucoup de changement en devenant mère surtout quand c'est le tout début.
Salut Marie ! \nPour les boutons j'adore utiliser l'huile de coco. Alors à la base je l'utilisais pour hydrater le soir. Une noisette, on fait chauffer, on masse bien et le lendemain la peau est super douce. Et souffrant d'acné je me suis rendue compte que mes boutons partaient plus rapidement avec l'huile de coco. \nEn plus d'être excellente pour la cuisine, elle est super pour la peau et pour faire les masques pour cheveux. Tu devrais la tester !
tu as une très belle voix tellement douce
Sans maquillage on aurait fais quoi srx??
On peut aimer plusieurs fois ? ^^\nSinon j'adore le makeup, il me fait penser à celui d'Anaëlle de la chaîne Beauty Blow !
Ça me fait trop bizarre que ya une marque aussi connue ac mon prénom 😅💪
J'ai de gros problèmes d'acné... cet elixir a-t-il était efficace pour toi ? Je désespère...
Pourquoi Marie utilise encore des produits maybeline alors qu'ils testent sur les animaux ?
Je pense que tu devrais renommer ta chaîne en Marie Lopez parce t'as l'air beaucoup plus toi même maintenant et enjoyphoenix ressemble plus à un rôle que t'avais c'est juste mon avis perso voila bisous ❤️
Superbe vidéo, tu es magnifique! \n(Et pour ceux qui critique sa peau, je pense qu'elle est suffisamment grande pour savoir ce qu'il faut faire ou pas avec tout ce qu'elle a essayé)
tu es vrm magnifique ma belle et j'adore ta nouvelle couleur de cheveux au passage avec ses boucles et cette longeurs sa te change mais je préfère tu es vrm magnifique😍 #teamsushi🍣
Le huda que tu as appliqué n'est pas le Bombshell Marie, tu as dû te tromper ^^. Le Bombshell est un nude orangé, &tu portes une teinte beaucoup plus sombre ! :)
Elle est trop belle marie !!
Marie c quoi la teinte du RAL Huda???\nT’as écris Bombshell mais c’est pas celui là, le Bombshell est un nude beige :/
Ces couleurs te vont très bien 😊😊
Belle vidéo 😘 Sinon en février pendant le room tour tu parlais d'une video sur ton rangement maquillage... Ca serais une bonne vidéo 💄
Tout te vas super bien je suis jalouse 😍😍😒
C'est la préfère morning routine et j'adore ta housse de couette pour savoir tu la acheter ou elle est JUSTE SUBLIME JE LA KIFF 😍😍😍 .\nGros bisous à Jelly à Nova et surtout à toi Marie ❤❤❤.
J'aime bien quand c'est de courtes vidéos que tu proposes 😄 bisous
J'ai eu question tu habite plus vers lapart dieux ou confluence
Tu peut nous refaire des tuto coiffures stp sinon je t'aime t la plus belle 💟
Hello! J'adore ta vidéo elle est bien travaillée etc mais par contre tes maquillages des yeux j'ai toujorus du mal...Tu n'estompe pas du tout et donc ca fait grosse masse sur l'oeil je trouve ça dommage ça serait magnifique sinon
Les gens qui disent quelle a de l'acné juste parce que elle met bcp de produits : ya plein de YouTubeuse qui font pareil et qui ont une peau parfaite, les YouTubeuse ne se maquille pas autant tout les jours en général c juste pr la vidéo , c'est plutôt un acné du au stress peut être moi aussi depuis la rentrée j'ai des boutons et pourtant je fais pareil que d'habitude
Hey juste pour dire même si je suis spécialiste essayé de manger avant tes animaux en tout cas pour le chiens tu est sencé être son alpha et pour qu'il soit heureux il doit savoir où est sa place .... Bref bisous ma belle
Belle dès le matin une vraie princesse je kiffe tes vidéos Marie
Super vidéo.  J adore ton tuto sa te va super bien. Cette couleur de cheveux te va à merveille . Bisous ma belle teamsushi 🍣🍣🍣🍣🍣❤❤❤
Quelqu’un sait la référence de son lisseur svp ? ☺️\nSuperbe vidéo !!
J’adore tes bagues 😍😍 tu les as prises où ?
Tu utilise quellle marque de Fer a lisser?
Hey Marie j'aurais voulut savoir avec quel appareil tu filme tes vidéos ?
Très joli look ! J'adore la fin avec Jelly et Nova <3
J'ai trop aimé cette video Marie magnifique bsx
Super vidéo comme toujours ♡ quel est ton vernis dans cette vidéo? Il est vraiment trop joli! Plein de bisous
Le maquillage est vraiment un art et si j'essayais de faire comme toi je ressemblerais à Bozo le clown x) En tous cas ça te va très bien même si je pense que tu pourrais te passer de tous ces artifices car tu es très bien au naturel ;) Bonne soirée !
Avec de l'acné, jamais de fonds de teint! Il faut que ta peau se régénère.
Super ces couleurs d'automne !! J'adore ! A quand une nouvelle FAQ ? :) Des bisous
Et pourquoi tu mets pas d crème sur ton chien ?
Tu prends combien de temps à te préparer le matin ??jtm❤️💕💋🌹🦋🔥
Les boutons sont dus aux sels minéraux qui provoquent des inflammations lors de la respiration de la peau en bouchant les pores.\nL'été ou quand on a chaud, les pores sont dilatés donc il y a moins d'inflammations car ça passe mieux.\n\nMAIS FAUT PAS MANGER LES CAILLOUX !\n\nIl y a des sels minéraux un peu partout :\n\n- Les produits laitiers pasteurisés transforment le calcium animal en calcium minéral.\n- Les sels minéraux contenus dans les eaux minérales (privilégier la Mont Roucous).\n- Le sel dans les produits transformés comme la charcuterie\n- Le sel de table\n- Les minéraux d'os et de cartilage appelés collagène et présents dans les steaks hachés industriels\n- L'argile\n- Les crèmes et les produits de beauté à base d'huile minérale ou de sels minéraux\n- Les compléments alimentaires à base de minéraux\n- ...
Au pire vous vous nettoyez juste la peau le matin et vous vous brossez les cheveux et ça suffit largement. J'adore enjoyphoenix mais je trouve qu'elle met bcp trop de produit sur elle. Elle va avoir le visage et les cheveux ravagés plus tard alors voilà...
j'adore cette vidéo , ça m'inspire ! merci  #enjoyPhoenix
T'es trop belle je t'adore et comment s'appelle ton Chat ❤️🌹🐱
Hey la petite vidéo de Superwoman au petit-déjeuner, moi aussi je fais ça ❤️❤️
Superbe vidéo , j'adore ta morning routine de l'automne ❤️
Tu a mis combien de pots de peinture sur toi
Très bonne vidéo t trop belle
Pourrais tu nous dire d'où vient ta housse de couette elle est trop cute 😍 🍣🍣
Coucou Marie, je n'ai pas trop l'habitude de poster des commentaires seulement de répondre a quelques messages un peu méchant, en fait j'écris ça pour te dire que tu ne dois en aucun cas les écouter, que ce soit sur ta façon de te maquiller ou ta façon de vivre, tu es quelqu'un de parfait et de vrai. Je peux te dire que j'aime quand une personne est vraie. Depuis que tu as posté ta vidéo pour dire que tu aller être toi-même et plus faire des choses que tu n'aimes, je regarde de nouveaux tes vidéos avec plaisir ! Non, tu n'as pas grossi et au pire en quoi est-ce grave ? Non, tu ne te maquiller pas trop. \nAlors aux personnes qui jugent Marie, regardez-vous avant de parler. Même si dans le fond ce n'est pas méchant ça peut mal être interprété et le devenir.\nBref mon pavé est fini, gros bisous à Jelly, Nova et Florian sans oublier toi !\n#teamsushi. ♥♥♥
Une night routine spécial automne\n
Hello Mariiie, c'est quoi la référence de ton vernis à ongles steuplé ?  \nSinon j'adore ce que tu fais, keep going ! ;)
tu devrais essayer le savon d'alep. matin soir laisser poser 1min resultat efficaces tu verras car la tu mets tjrs des tonnes de produits sur le visage anti acné jcrois ca marche pas.
Tes boutons vont de mieux en mieux ☺️mais tkp il vont partir au bout d'un moment 💋attend tant que j'y suis j'étais en cours et pour les devoirs on devais faire un rédactions sur une personne que l'on admire et devine qui j'ai choisi .. Emma Watson😂😂😂mais nan tkp c'est toi et toujours toi 😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😙😙😙😙😙❤️❤️❤️❤️♥️♥️♥️♥️💋💋💋💋💜💜💜💜
J'adorer quand tu nous fait des morning routines  😍\nSurtout l'automne ! Je trouves qu'on peut tellement plus se lâcher :D
Superwoman <3 \nJ'adore ton look, le make up et le pull jaune *-*
J'aime beaucoup trop ces vidéos morning/night routine, je regarde ça le soir, c'est apaisant mdrr. Et sinon.. bientôt les 3 millions! 😍
Je ne sais pas vous, mais moi je trouve qu'elle serait forte en ASMR 😊😊 Ta voix me relaxe bcp 😀❤❤. Gros bisous a toi ❤❤
La tristesse de ton petit déjeuner. Les gars un conseil BOUFFEZ UNE BONNE GROSSE BAGUETTE AVEC DU BEURRE GRAS OK
cc marie est ce que cest toi qui a fait le concours des iphones sur instagram
Toutes les youtubeuses adorent le muesli .. je suis la seule où le Nutella est indispensable à mon petit dej ?? 😂😂
Ton makeup et ta coiffure et ton pull et ton petit-déjeuner sont, je trouve, en parfaite harmonie avec l'automne. Bravo Marie, je t'adore 😍❤️
She is so fun and beautiful! She would be a cool aunt. Auntie in my head.
she's like your favourite aunt. I love her!!
Love her so much!!! ♥️♥️♥️🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
One of my favorite actors! Wow! Those pink boots! Nice singing voice...where'd you get that from?
Seriously...Can anyone be more perfect! I have LOVED all things Trecee Ellis Ross since I was first introduced to her as Joan Carol Clayton on Girlfriends!!! Ugh!!!! She is perfection.
Power to impeach!! I AGREE
Do it with grace vanderwaal or cardi b
This is probably the most natural, funny, entertaining 73 Questions there is.  This one a& Sarah Jessica Parker is prob my favs.
I adore the soul out of this woman and her home is beautiful.
She acted her way through that.
This woman is a blessing.
I love her so much
What's the name of the second author she mentions anyone ?
When I tell you I loveeee this woman! Omg, she's been my fav since girlfriends! 😩
someone please give tracee her super power!
Tracee makes me happy! I love her so!!
The power to impeach. Bless her.
the only good and natural feeling one
This one actually feels genuine.
I ❤️ everything about her!
She is simply magical!
I LOVE THIS WOMAN!!!!
Tracee Ellis Ross is one of my favorite people EVER!!!
I LOVE YOU GIRL. \nBeautiful woman inside and out.!!💖
God damn i worship this woman 😍 Now 73 questions with Rupaul please !!!!
I love her home décor.
The power to impeach. GURRRRRL, this why I love you.
Did she really say the power to impeach :D I love this woman and can't wait for the new season
I really liked this interview but am more impressed with how it was executed. Great job to all involved.
That was a joy to watch. Thank you Tracee Ellis Ross!
The power to impeach! I love her😎
wow, I'm in love with Tracee Ellis Ross now. Like, seriously. Her whole being is joy and laughter, personified.
She makes me want to run naked across a field of daisies.
I love Tracee! She seems so fun loving and down-to-earth
Instantly one of my fave Vogue 73 Qs.  Thoughtfulness and spontaneity don't always meet, but they do here in this interview! Loved this!
I love her expression when they ask her about her superpower 😂😂💕
I loved this... and the old school phone with a cord at 6:37
Thanks for the house tour Tracee. I love you girl!
The power to impeach had me dying lol
Could you do 73 questions with Demi Lovato
She's so cute!!
best one since Priyanka, Serena, or Selena, whoever's was latest
I like eclectic, comfortable, and bold
LOOL THIS IS THE BEST ONE
her ''real'' self sounds just as fake as her alter egos, i mean wtf.
Favorite style icon?\nMe in 17 years; I'm very hopeful hahaha I love her!!
The power to impeach 😂😂
73 Questions with Lilly Collins.
The only 73 questions that didn't fly by, even though she was in a rush. Personality goes a long way!!!!
Ok, if anybody knows the colour of that blue....Many thanks in advance crossing my fingers!!!
She is such a light and a joy, I love her. She needs a platform where she can just be her beautiful self
Tracee should play JOY part two of inside out she just so naturally happy that it makes me happy love her ❤️
I love her! She is my soul sister🌹
Why, why, why? Did she really need to say F? Ladies should not speak that way. Love that darn Tracee still. 😍
73 QUESTIONS WITH CARA DELEVINGNE
Constance Wu Next please!!! :)
That was awesome!!!
I love her!
I love it!
Screams fuck like FUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAARGHUUUUUCK\nsays fuck,gets bleeped.
madame who?
The power to impeach.\n👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Hi everyone, i made a kickstarter gig its an amazing project please let me know what you guys think about it and hopefully support it http://kck.st/2ytXoRr
Omg I just love her!!! We need more people like you Trace!!!
She is too good and pure for this world
Never seen an interview with her before but I love this woman, what amazing energy!
Just always amazed at how grounded, down to earth Tracee is...that stays connected to her Black culture and works, despite her privilege! She truly is talented. I love her.
She is so sweet
Love
73 Questions with Miley Cyrus please!!
What's the name of the second writer she mentioned?
loved. did you guys get the author of the second book she recommended
omg she's so fun. i haven't seen much of her work but the few interviews i've seen of her in makes me adore her!
I love her energy!
make this 8 millions view by the end of the year
This is the best, most genuine 73 questions. Hands down.
She's so funny & her style is beautiful. Girlfriends. That was my show. Good ole days ☺️
Love the boots! Love her more! I swear she's my make-believe BFF *wistful sigh*
Love her!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FREE\nOF FLAWS
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I miss Joan
JOAN!♥
I love Tracee! 💋
This is hot.
James deen😹😹😹😹pornlover
I love her i love her i love her i love her i love her la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro
Loved it !!!
Omg I love herr
Very LA
she is my fucking fave.
Lol
73 Questions with Rihanna, Yara Shahidi, and Issa Rae please lol
73 Question with Ariana Grande💕
My Scorpio sister!!!
<3
She is absolutely amazing!
Tracee is the 💣
Tracee is everything!
James... Deen? 😂
Its like a yogurt color on the back. And the metal bands are like a copper color. Its odd. I have it. I like it. But safe bet is white or black.
I'm happy with my rose gold iPhone 7+ I don't care for the cream color but I could see people buying it just for the coloring I personally don't have the money to waste on it
Ahhhh I literally just got the iPhone 7 plus a month ago. 😤😤😤
my 8 plus screen feels like its not on properly. does anyone have the same issue?
Få en ny iPhone 8 https://goo.gl/PyUQ1U
I love Wenatchee !❤️❤️
They trying to force people to get the iPhone X
I just bought the iPhone 8+ and it feels like the screen is not sitting flush with the chassis on one side so I went to T-Mobile to see if it was the same and on their display phones it  was randomly not flush on different parts of the phone has anyone experienced the same thing?
Wenatchee is beautiful. Live here, so much to do. Fishing, hiking, snowboarding etc. nice video man
Guys sub me i will sub u back right promise
Can you please give me an iphone 8 or 8+ any type for free . please reply me
do iphone 7 plus cases work for the 8 plus
Come to my page for more unboxing video
I pre ordered the iphone X and the iphone 8 gold  AND IT STILL DIDN'T ARRIVE IM LOOSING MY PATIENCE
No point to buy IP8
I will exchange with my car will you
Anyone know if 7 plus cases would fit this?
My next phone is gonna be the 7 plus from the 6s plus the 8 plus is so similar not worth to upgrade to it
No matter how new your phone is there will always be a newer one. It will never end. I kept up with it when i was younger but now i see it's just pointless...
There is a dark mode lol
Will you ever give a giveaway ?????
Who’s watching on an iPhone 5s
These people have a lot of money and they buy buy iPhone by iPhone wasting money and I don't have an iPhone 3 😶
Love it my favorite
They are both the same fucking thing, people are so fucking stupid, like seriously !! Same shit, just fucking glass 😂 lmao apple out hear finessing you people ..
Is it weird that the new gold reminds me of the Pokemon, Chespin?
Is it like rose gold, I don’t want black or white, any suggestions?
Should I get the 8+ or the X it's my very first iPhone
I still have iPhone 5s..do you think I should upgrade to iPhone 8plus
The only apple product i like is an apple juice 😂😂😂😂😂iphone sucks as usual. Love android love root.
You have to take the picture First
Why didn't they make it gold all over including the front?
Is there a difference because I’m not fucking WASTING MONEY ANYMORE
ANY SMALL YOUTUBERS WANNA SUPPORT EACH OTHER 🤔 ????\n👈🏽👈🏽 NEW VIDEO OUT NOW!
Is it worth upgrading \n from an iPhone SE?
Can I plz have it i have an iPhone 1 still
Cool iphone 6 is released... oh wait its the iphone 8
fake phone i bought a 8 today and the back of mine has the text below the iphone text
Can I use the battery case for the 7 in the 8 ?
Iphone x and 8 are a rip off
I really want to get a new iPhone but which one should I get iPhone 7 or 8 plus and which color I really like the rose gold
What would you suggest? Should I get an 8plus or an X?
The one thing I'm curious to know, What is the refresh rate??.....Is it 120Hz like the iPad Pro 10.5 or is the iPhone 8/8Plus still at 60Hz like it has been for however long.....
Wireless charge is not include for iPhone 8? Please answer anyone
I’ve had a 6s scene it came out now I can get the i phone x😏
its fake its a clone
I'll stick with my Samsung Galaxy S7....
The only thing I like iphone is this color so beautifull.
Can you buy me one i am  poor
You should give me a iPhone 7 my family doesn't have the money to get one if you want to you can contact me at 513-391-0183
I watch the full ad so EverythingApplePro can get paid. like if you do the same
plz give me any iphone
Good
OK.... I'LL STICK W/ MY MATTE BLACK iPHONE 7+ 👌🏾
The design iphone 4 is same as the iPhone 8 and x. Glass back and front. And stainless steel
can you wireless charge with cases on?
Damm... I like that color though ffff I wish that color came in iphone 7 plus
Can I trade my 6s plus for the 8 plus?
Y does it look like a fake iPhone 7
Your video was awesome.everything was clearly explained. You're great
So what’s the difference?
Looks exactly like all the other iPhones lol...🤣
Space gray is my favorite
Is there going to be an update to fix the blur for pics and on Snapchat? Not sure if it’s the oled
I phone new spec how to activate screen recorder in I phone\nWatch the video\nhttps://youtu.be/P-iycoh6Ozo
I love the color
What is different between the 8+ and 7+ besides that wireless charging thing and glass look stuff
it's an ugly color lmfao i don't want a tan iphone wtf i deff don't see no gold in it besides the sides
It look that color because of the reflect of glass
I phone 6 squad where you at!
Worst phones ever . Only for guys who have lots of money and want iphone to proove that they have money . Stupid kind of people
Well coming from the iPhone 📱 6s plus this is a upgrade for me. Glad they brought back the glass back
Whoever thinks iPhone is evolving has no brain just look at it's design every fucking year the same bloody thing.
Beautiful! I wish I could use that one too ..before killing myself.. :/
I have a 6s plus, should I upgrade?
Looks like the 6, 6 plus, 6s, 6s plus, 7, 7 plus...Apple needs to change the shape of the phone.
That creamy Gold makes me hungry😥
👍🏽
Hi
iPhone tech support number 1888 209 7111
Omg
GALAXY NOTE 8 IS BETTTER
its coolerthan i yhought
😏👎
Pls do antutu benchmark for the iPhone 8
this was iPhone 7+
Why i hate I PHONE ?
Nice
hello give me a phone plaese
Face I’d?
yea..
Ayyy, WA gang
👌
savage be like iphone 8 on samsung wireless charger
The iPhone 8 is SEXYYY 😍😍
Nice phone :-)
lmao ABOOT, dude its pronounced A-BOUT
Very nice iphone......
Peace
Giveaway
When I LEAN ON in the MIDDLE then THE HALF of my body GET LOW and then I TALK to somebody, he says TURN DOWN FOR WHAT!! 😋😋😋
This song is brilliant 😌👌
Who is here before 1m ??
This drop is very unique🔥
That drop is a little weird, but those vocals are so amazing....😘
finally a beat that i can sign to..
finally dj snake is back.. ♥ \ncheck out my music if you wish
A different way YES it is DIFFERENT !
am i the only one who once thought he was Adam Levine :/
What's the other guy saying? Baam or something lol
what's wrong with the beat drop? it's lil bit different and i love it!
This beat makes to want to twist your hips ... unless it's just me 👍
Who's here for lauv!🔥🔥
I hate the drop next time try something electronic
Fire I was in a sf club dancing with an Asian chick to this.
the background sound is fantastic!!!!
I still dont know if i like the drop or not but damn, props to snake to release some weird shit
The beat drop sounds like an African Tamil song 😂😂😂
am i the only one that hears a little bit of One Last Time by Ariana in the beat?
Hey guys. Im a Musicproducer and i hope you give me a chance to show u my skill. Subsribe if you liked my songs :)
This song was looking great, until the beat dropped and so did my dislike
how are people saying lauv is finally getting the recognition he deserves? he deserves way more recognition than he has currently
Really nice song ! \nBut what does he want to say by bowawogadi bebobadage dapbougpoppop  ?
I just imagine this in a football skill compilation with stepovers in slow motion during the drop
◄_►1.25 speed and it's really good song◄_►
this is super DJ Snake 😉👏👏👏
what that drop saya im curious help me
we are the lucky ones
i guess you could say dj snake did the drop in a different way and i just lauv that
Could you believe I could be different?\nI'll be the difference, I'll lift you high\nAnd I understand your hesitation\nOur reputation, it's no surprise\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nAnother love, so unforgiving\nYou've been a victim too many times\nAnd I'll be the friend, hold you together\nI'll be forever, will you be mine?\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way
Nothing Gay about this song
sounds real good  , huuh all these djs sapling afro beats, I'm happy but I hope they give credit where its due
Every time DJ snake make new tracks, every one love that.
lauv is flawless 😘\nBut I don't know why people loving this drop...it makes the song look like shit.... totally destroyed the flow of song
am addicted to this song
Awww unfortunately not feeling this one
i was enjoying the song until 01:03 i was like ''is this DJ Snake?\n''
Cool afro vibe 
, the following link below the best time of day to you in person is
Lauv is finally getting the attention he deserved
Unexpected work of art ✊
how does the 1.25 speed makes every song even better i just dont understandddddd
only 617k views till now :( \nthis song deserves a lot more.
*Sits in the corner* as  I'm the only one who loves the drop😢😢
*_Woah, it's really A Different Way of dropping the beat down_*
882 unlikes that's y these world never believe in music 😢
At first found the drop shit but now wtf its crazy good
I swear ill love you in a different way skrraaa papap kakaka
By far the best DJ of the Millennium!! I'm a big fan of DJ Snake.. Keep dropping the best jams..
Man that beat is craaaayyyyyyyyyyyeee
I'm in lauv with this...!!!!!
The song was written by Ed Sheeran 😱😱
the drop is a cut copy from another track you were working on.
I'm Lauving this song !
the drop is so unique so that i lauv it😍
addictive
Awesome DROP!!!❤👌👌
underrated af
LAUV!!! 😍😍😍❤❤
djsnake is l💝v 😘
drop was unexpected but dope 🔥🔥🔥
DJ SNAKE will never fail
Beat sounds indian
Dope! Unexpected drop ever.
finally LAUV!
amazing plzz.sub my channel i will bacl
Fuck build up is so awsome
WOW
fine song
This cover resembles the Aviciis cover Avīci 01
REALLY COOL SONG
Lauv sounds like Adam Livine...
This song is AWESOME!!!!
Wtf 😂
What is sahara
Yuck !!
🔥🔥 dj sanke
Omg it's so fucking
Love the lyrics ❤️
♡♡♡♡♡
Adam Levine Vibe?
here before 1m
💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🙌🏼
Uhh👌
Dude this guy Lauv never stops being really good😍😍😍😍😍
Dope as always 👌
legal
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT FT LAUV @_@ <3
incredible song, i love😊😊
LYRICS  1:04 -1:21 prrrrrrrrrrupitupitupitpuitpuitupiuituutututupipuitpiuptiupituitupi paprrrrrrrrrupitpitpitpitptiptiptitpitpiprtipiriroporpiptpapapaprrrrrrrrrru
aaaaa Lauv YESSSS
Imagine this jam with bieber tho
:(  i dont liked this drop :(
love dis
Woow so new
Ow wow
DJ Snake comeback again 🎵
woah didn’t see that combo happening!
OH MY GOD LAUV YESSSSS
https://youtu.be/bwu-m5CgPuw
hA well I'm invulnerable how about that
1.   The only way we can truly connect with someone is by taking risks . If a friend tells me that he has trouble sleeping, I can tell him that for the longest time I was having nightmares almost every night , it got a bit better, but that's how I know what insomnia means. Well, then he may think that I must be a real weirdo.  But he may also take it as an invitation for us to engage in a real conversation where we could go deeper into the subject. \n\nDeeper often means darker and more complex. But still, because you two make the effort to get there together, in that moment you are really LIVING through something. That's what feeling connected means. \n\nNo matter how sad the subject is, you will come out of such a conversation with a sense of serenity and it  will be a  good memory because you have truly shared something. \n\nI love this quote by Theodore Zeldin: \n\n The kind of conversation I am interested in is one which you start with a willingness to emerge a slightly different person. It is always an experiment, whose results are never guaranteed. It involves risk. It 's an adventure in which we agree to cook the world together and make it taste less bitter. \n\n\n2. We usually try to impress the other, in the hope of being loved . But indeed boasting about yourself is not being impressive, it is being intimidating. We all have our strengths and weaknesses. Something that came to you very easily in life can be incredibly difficult to reach for another person. So by pointing THAT out, you are emphasising what  separates you from that person. \nWhat is the sense of this??\n\n\n3. There is a wonderful, wonderful tale  by Oscar Wilde called  The Remarkable Rocket. You can read the tale or watch the animation . It is on you tube. Well, in fact, the most remarkable thing about that rocket is that the more it boasts, the more it sinks into the mud!\n\nComedian Sarah Jones uses a wonderful term, describing the darker side of the social media, forcing us to show a happy face all the time. She says it is a culture of  compare and despair. \n\nIf you want to think more about this,  there is an episode of the excellent podcast Hidden Brain, called  Schadenfacebook. \n\n4. This video does not suggest that we must always talk about our problems. Being a  me, me, me type of person is really something else. \n\n  It is another thing to dare to open up about the challenges you are facing right now, hoping that the other person could also learn something from what you are going through. Because indeed, anything can happen to any of us anytime. \n\nI guess it was Seneca who said that a ship may also sink at the port.. \n\n5. And don't miss the wonderful TED Talk   The Power of Vulnerability by Brene Brown. Her book on the subject,  Daring Greatly is also very helpful. \n \nThanks a lot for this very valuable lesson. I loved the animation too.
Theses animations are incredibly hilarious and great ^^   Great video
im awkward and lonely...who else is with me?
Like how you brought back the squishy noises
The jigsaw pieces were two corner pieces, they'd never fit together :/
#BeSteeper Network of hotels-taxi. Life support service Hot El — modular mobile smart eco-hotel robo-transformer. Mega-hub of personal equipment for comfortable life and work. Hot-El tilda ws
how to handle our vulnerability not in an unfortunate way?
this animation is gross.  the sound effects and the colors all remind me of fat. the characters are barbarically fat.  this is just difficult to listen to because it makes we want to vomit.  that would be disclosing something of my hidden self. blech.
It's such an inspiring topic and a great speech
This reminds me a lot of what I've already read a few years ago in Daring Greatly by Brene Brown. I highly recommend the book, it's also about vulnerability.
Nah, you are just gay
Psychological warfar e get over youself you meed a clue jack
Knowing how to share your vulnerability is a key aspect to confidence. Such as having one or two safe people to share your vulnerabilities with. But also doing it from the point of view of accepting that vulnerability as a stepping stone to growing as a stronger person.
I love the message, and I love the video 💗🔥😂so epic
this is why i haven't made a true friendship in ages nor will i easily find love lol.
The importance of vulnerability is so I can use it to crush you. ❤️
Take this advice into combat, into a marriage, into a room full of debaters, onto the basketball court, any sport, and of course the advice fails.
Just because you have a million times more subscribers than me does not mean I don't need people to watch my videos. \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
*Grow a pair...*\nWheter you're a man or a woman.*\n\n\n\n\n*Beginning now:\nYes, there are *only* two genders.\nYou're welcome.
The school of life is still learning
He pooped out his head from his shoulders.
2:43 Me whenever I feel like fighting someone.
They used pink as a color of innocence, vulnerability, fragile etc. Love it
This is great!! Could you do one on intimacy? (closely linked to vulnerability)! Thanks!!
I usually wear my durag on FaceTime early in the getting to know you stage of dating so the woman feels comfortable enough to wear her bonnet/head scarf which opens her open up in all other aspects. Something very small but an example of how your vulnerability can makes others comfortable enough to be vulnerable as well. Lol
I loved what this video was about, but hated the graphics and crunchy noises.
I realised how important vulnerability was when I broke up with my first exboyfriend and my brother, who usually was my buddy for watching shows or listening to music, came into my room when I was crying my eyes out, barely being able to talk. He sat with me on my bed for two hours, hugging me and talking to me, and since that moment he tells me his problems and talks to me about what makes him sad, which he has literally *never* done since he was 15.\nI think he really just needed to realise that just like he can be there for others, others can be there for him.
This is such a beautiful message.
The animation is awesomely weird and the way this is worded is brilliant.
Can you guys do a vid on bad habits and why it's hard to break them.
The best nasty animation I have ever watch!
The video didnt speak on being vulnerable to yourself before others. Give yourself the chance to be vulnerable enough to admit  your shortcomings and flaws. It's far better than someone else showing you the true mirror, if not with the very intentions, leaving you exposed and coming face to face with your flaws for the first time. Especially if you are someone who likes building a wall around themselves.
This is my problem with friends and coworkers. I let go just enough without showing any vulnerabilities or weaknesses. It's a good way to get through the day and function like a normal looking human being, but I feel like I lack those really deep relationships with others.
Just want to say that I wish good luck to everyone who will this. Hope you achieve your goals. Hardwork pays off. \nMuch love, peace :)
animation reminds me of Harold and the Purple Crayon
Why be normal? Being weird and different, unique and crazy, that's all so much more fun and interesting than being normal. And, what is normal anyway? Just a word used to say, most people act this way and it's weird if you don't. BE UNIQUE. BE DIFFERENT. BE YOU. Never change. And everybody is vulnerable, so why laugh at it, or make fun of it? Just pointless if you're making fun of somebody for it when you might feel the same way.
I don't like how the head emerged from the body.
What background music did you use on your Higher Conscious video?
I wonder what mr. De Botton is going through in his life right now
I thought the title meant a more physical evolutionary way
Since I graduated college, I've had a few sudden revelations. One I'm better at handling and actually making since of abstract ideas than when I started. Two the principle of wabi sabi is present in western folk cultures. Specifically if you listen to american labor union hymns. There's something so uplifting, and quasi-spiritual about that music (especially if you're a worker, like me). It's country, it could be said to have blues influences. That, and the international socialist anthem. But that last one is qualitatively different. How?
This animation reminds me of when I used to watch Maisy.
sound effects were pretty distracting, but the message itself is pretty great
That's why memes are important. Share memes instead of anything personal on the Internet.
I'm not the most succinct person but my take on the message is vulnerability = humanness ---> oneness, the unmasking of our fronts or differences ---> true connection + less loneliness, thus sincere love and joy. \n\nMy algorithm on happiness. Easier said than done. \n\nIt's weird. I was just at the Vatican in Rome last week. (Nothing fancy, I was just on a short vacation on my own till I met up with a friend) I was waiting in line to pay for a ticket to go up the stairs of St. Peter's Basilica. A young couple was pleading for an exchange of cash of US dollars to Euros. They had no cash to pay for the tickets. No one was helping them/ or I was the only American in line that would care for dollars (we will never know). I offered to help and they were very grateful. I thought nothing of it after continuing in the line to go up the steps. The young boy went to the head of the line (where I was) and thanked me again and again. He was so relieved. \n\nI still regret it. I wanted to be vulnerable and say We are the Vatican, whether you believe in this religion that created this beauty or not... why wouldn't I help... It's not only the religious thing to do, it's the human thing do. Instead I humbly and sheepishly said Oh, it's nothing. It's not a problem.  It's really wasn't a problem, but I still regret not saying what I really felt. I didn't want to feel vulnerable with my intrinsic values in the middle of a Roman tourist attraction. I guess my greater message was that love and compassion made me do it, not only a fear of God or those kind of negative religious associations. It's odd because I felt compelled to tell this to him. I really thought I was crazy. People don't talk like that I thought... I guess I was scared of his rejection of my personal values. I feared his projections of my honest intentions. Even if his gratitude turned to disgust due my reference to a religion, I should have been strong enough to take any reaction, because I was being open and aiming for genuine care for the other. \n\nI wasn't vulnerable, because I felt ashamed. Looking back, why feel\nashamed with being kind - no matter the source, rationality or irrationality of that action.\n\nIt was one of my favorite moments of the trip. I fell short with this, but I challenge myself to do better as a human being with a soul that is longing to express and connect meaningfully with others- whether at the front of a Walgreens or the front of a majestic Roman church.
I like your thumb people
Showing vulnerability can vary on how people react. Some people will find a way to belittle you and want to have the upperhand and will use this against you. Others will be more accepting of it and feel a connection with you because they too make mistakes. Show a bit of vulnerability and take a step back and see how the other person reacts..
Brenè Brown has a very good ted talk about this exact topic, I emplore anyone interested in this topic to check it out.
I'm a very different person from who I was five years ago. A better person. I was scared of vulnerability before. I felt as though I was placing my emotional stability and happiness in the hands of others by being vulnerable. These days, I've found that I feel more in control of my life and my emotions than I ever have, and I believe it's largely due to my willingness to be vulnerable; my ability to be honest with others, and honest with myself, about who I am and how I feel. I'm proud of that. (:
this is really Hard to watch
That guy spilling a beer on his shirt is kindof overreacting.
I don't mean to shit on your guy's videos but can you guys please tone down the horrible sound effects, please everything else; great video love your content :)
0:48 Ok what the fuck is happening
This hurts because it's true
This is a Perfect interpretation of vulnerability and the animation is so well made, Thanks for making such great videos <3
the squishy sound detracts from the video message
I used to live in China and I was not very good at speaking Chinese. Statistics would have you believe that a third of people spoke English, and at first I didn't believes that, because they wouldn't talk to you because they were afraid of making a mistake or not speaking English very well. However, I eventually discovered some ways to coax it out of them, one of which was to intentionally do something embarrassing. I also found a good way was to pay them a compliment, anything that brought yourself down a level, or caused them to feel brought up a level. it eventually became apparent that the statistic was close to accurate. I could also tell who was likely to speak English by looking at them, and judging by their age, and how they dress. I know that sounds superficial, but it had close to 100% reliability.
I'm no expert but I got to tell you those are some gross sound effects.
I think the producer may be projecting just a bit. Many good points, peppered with what seems situation specific occurrences (i.e. being mean to loved ones; That's a choice not a state of being.)\n     Take responsibility for yourself. Take control of your own life. Take back our homeworld.
Inner Idiot would be a great name for a band.
School of life = how to become a nice guy
I think people need to stop being self conscious, narcissistic ass hats.
This is so beautiful
Those animations are really bad and hard to undestand.
We are strong enought to be weak thats something good to remind ourselves in bad situations
WOWWWWW!!!!!  THAT WAS AN EYE OPENER!!!!
TOO MANY SOUNDS
Tf these niBBas drinking? Jello? Wtf
Wisdom
The message is awesome but the creepy almost disturbing animation and disgusting squishy sound effects are sort of distracting.
Pew pew pew
This is absolutely brilliant. Thankyou!!
Psychos.
Buy/Sell Trend Detector http://bit.ly/2yj64cF
love the pink squishy guys
Beautiful message, thank you.
Beautiful!
2:19 sliding in smooth
That wail !!😂 ' A A H H!!'
2:39 - ;DD
1:30 is best
Lovely realizations. Thank you !
Brene Brown <3 <3 <3
Lol such brilliant graphics xx
<3
Cutest animation
Animation reminds me of Roblox
The sound effects...
Why do they sound squishy? Yuck
I hate to generalize, but it seems like in our society, the more appropriate response to bad things happening is anger. To many, it seems, anger denotes strength, the sense that I won't let people walk all over me. If we respond with sadness or melancholy, which is healthier I think, people tend to look down on us, label us as a Debbie Downer or a Sad Sack. They would rather we pretended to be happy so as not to upset THEIR comfortable existences. But I think we yearn for that kind of honesty about our feelings, and I think there's a strength and wisdom toward resisting the urge to get angry. Not that anger is always bad. It just seems we tend to see it as valuable, whereas sadness is something to cover up or cure. Am I way off base?
Nah don't be vulnerable, I was vulnerable once with a girl that I loved more than anything in this world and she fucked me by cheating on me but I only found out when she left me. I swore I'd never give my heart to anyone every again, fuck bitches and leave them. Be strong, be hard, be a fucking bastard to chicks coz they'll fuck you in a heartbeat
This channel is getting disconnected from reality more and more and is more about wishful thinking of how things should be.\n This video + the you are not what you earn one totally shows it. \n\nPeople accept weaknesses less and less and only value others as numerical values or thorugh their social status.\nI wish it was different but sadly it is not. \nPerhaps you should make a video about the dehumanization we undergo in the world right now.
guys be a pussy, its gonna help trust me, be a pussy ok, be weak
Why do much squish? Why so much squishing? If as a visual metaphor then cool, but omg, I want to vomit
I pretend to be vulnerable so others open themselves up for manipulation.
Fuck vulnerability! Be the machine 100% of the time! Kill every weakness.
What's the point if any emotion.... I hate emotions... But I suppose thats an emotion😂
This is one of the best and most important YouTube channels there are. Thanx ppl. You rock!!!
these videos are so well written
I love it Miley
What the fuck is this garbage?
When I first saw the title, I instantly thought Week (with) or weekout (without) youuuu LOLOLOLOL
I'm crying while singing this song . Anyone else ?
Miley Cyrus belongs in a damn circus freak show!
Mylie ❤🌹\nAlwas was n always will be a 🌟\nLove ur new songs  \nBest wishes 😙\nSep 25th
i don't like it
Miley xD u gotta see this vid by smosh I'm letting u its funny https://youtu.be/ZkX_bbsUMvQ
It's sounds like she's on the rag
2 Cyrus song in one day🙌🙌🙌
This is stunning. This new album is 3 from 3, might even be my fave so far!
I feel all her albums is vocally great for their time/age some maybe dramatic but all are beautiful body of work
I love how she doesn't care about what people think. And her new music isnt the typical hits you get from pop artists and she doesn't care she does what she wants
Like giving you up that was beautiful this little pop same monotone is washed out deluded  she needs to demand more from her team!!
Te amo Miley and I love this songggggg
My New song for bad aaaaa
M A R A V I L H O S A !
I can't seriously express How mush i love this Girl Miley you're M'y Idol
Beautiful song...... I love this baby girl!! 💕
This is the best song she's put out for this album so far!
CAN'T WAIT FOR HER ALBUM TO BE RELEASE :)
The Best part of the song is 0:00 til 3:45 + infinite replay
*I need her album, like now!😍*
Can’t wait for 29.09 ❤️
I need this to have a music video🙈
I love is song
After reading the comments i feel i missed what others heard , i hear nasally ,hillbilly girl with a tune fit for 8 yr olds .
been there for us Miley 😘😘😘😘😘
Primitive Technology got 12 mil views in one day. This got 800k. There's hope people !
She sounds like a smoker with cotton mouth singing a shitty song while huffing out a loaf on the chest of all that is good in life. 😔
If I spent a week without you\nBet you'd wonder what I’d do\nProbably I would go to Malibu
This is going to be Miley's best album ever.
Her voice is amazing
who can't wait for the music video? 😍
OMG... this is what I need miley... you're back
😍 I Love this song!
I just preordered her album. Omg! I can't wait 😍
Wake up! Christian propaganda right here, Jesus saves, the end is near. God bless you all.
This song reminds me old Sia's songs.
miley cyrus is amazing when you ever coming to Canada I'm your biggest fan :'( I would love to meet you before I  die
I can't live without miley 😘😘😘
Miley i love you 💕💕💖💗
Miley Destiny Hope Cyrus, your voice is getting g deeper by the year, by the time you're 30  you are going to sound like a frog!
I love the huge 50s vibe from all of these songs so far.
I knew i know what love is...
-0:02 I LOVE THIS SONG
I hate that show yer on for singers... and HOPE U move on soon... beyond the corporate...but Miss Miley, YOU are lovely.  *BIG SOUL HUG* i Love U for U always.
The best part begins at 0:00 till 3:46
She is gifted with one of the richest voice!
esse album vai ser fodido de bom
oigan Está Hermosa Está Canción.... Que Lindo Tema En Verdad....\nAlguien Latino?
❤❤❤❤
Ohhh Miley
wow this is horrifyingly terrible
.
Week Without You
Queennnn i love you
es la mejor 😍💙💚💛💜👀👅💘💕
💙✨💫❤💞🌈🌻👌🌺😍☀💓💖
😍😍😍
Yass bitch!
!!killin' it miley!
Dua Lipa is Old miley cyrus lol xD
ọe ọe
I love eww *
cant wait
QUE HINOOO
I love this😍😍
Love it ♡
1:45 THE BLUE JEANS REFFERENCE OMG
SOOOO GOOOD❣️❣️❣️🌳
It's thrilling!!
❤💙💚💛💜
She looks like pink
Perfect Maily Cyrus ❤❤
nice butt
QUEEN
I cant stop listening 😍😀
This's soooooo gooood!
This is so beautiful! Milers is slayin
🌷🌹💐💐😘😘😘😘
😍😍😍
Thumbs down
liberal 💩 puppet clueless cuntessa 😕
Miley Cyrus porn\nhttp://sasisa.mobi/fo/info.php?id=2838366&sid=uk5cdi57j3c0kamle3ek0p9cb6&kz_redir=1
POLISH SMILERS LOVES YOU <3
♥
Absolutely love this!
me encantaaaaa <3
So inspirational😌
She is perfect
Like for Miley Cyrus !!!!!!!! 😍😍
So what do i have to look at on this video her hair,earrings or what?😂😂😂😂😂😂
This sucks! She needs to get back to Twerking ASAP!💯
Most of comments are made up by her music album company to boost up sales
Whatever floats your boat.
YOU SUCK you dumb bitch !!!! TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
Me gustaria saber quién escribió esta canción y en base a qué está hecha. Me gusta.
What a nasty disgusting satanic cunt.
не зашло,но клип можно было сделать и не запариться на этом.Всё-же фанаты примут это прожуют и не раз проглотят.
Hey Guys, Im the guy that was wearing the EverybodyFights shirt & I'm coming here to give my side of the story as to what happened. A lot of people think they know but have no idea how the altercation went down or what was said before the KO actually took place. I was on my way to work at the gym early in the morning, & I got on the train I was writing music minding my own business when I heard this guy talking shit about my hair, I didn't think much of it, til I took my headphones out & said I had nice hair, I responded that's not what you said, to which he got up & started saying I looked like a bitch because I have long hair, He kept inching closer to me so I got in my stance and threw my hands up just in case of anything & responded if I'm a bitch why don't you fight me ? To which he responded I don't wanna kill you, he kept on talking and I kept responding you're all talk and as I got off the train he followed me upstairs where the knockout happened, He started trying to put his hands in my face so I started parrying and slapping his hand away, I kept warning him don't get closer or I'm gonna hit you, he eventually got in my face & I hit him with a short right hook that folded him, I didn't wanna jump on him and hit him anymore because the reality is I didn't wanna hurt the guy, I simply was defending myself, he eventually got up and made his way upstairs where I was trying to again avoid confrontation, He threw his hands again and came at me so i squared up & got in my stance, once he realized he couldn't fight with me hands wise, he started pulling my hair this is where I started throwing uppercuts inside & once he started yanking my hair, I slammed him against the wall & started bashing his head against it & hitting him with right hands (the crowd was blocking the view) from there I got him in a guillotine choke with the intention of putting him to sleep and going to work, he slipped out after a couple seconds so I full mounted him & had my left hand on his throat while getting ready to strike with the right, I caught him with 1 right then the cops finally showed up. There was 3 witnesses (thank you whoever you are) that defended me as the cops would have taken me in otherwise, nonetheless I'm a musical artist who really don't look to fight anybody, you can follow my page @ZayGreedo thank you 💪🏽
This is Metal Vs. Rap materialized.
Hair pulling......Lame
Every Body Fights
dude was pulling hair lol
White  dude kick his ass really all black dude was pull hair like a bitch.
americans lol i'm dying
What a bitch trying to pull his hair!!..that nock out yo!! That made my day:)\nI don't understand why people in your country don't try and stop shit like this?? I always try and break shit up like this, but if they don't want to split,and want to have a go at me,then someone is definitely going to kiss the floor!:).
VERYBODY FIGHT GOT SKILLS
The guy who kept getting his ass kicked was clearly asking for it. I mean when a guy cleans yer clock after giving you ever chance to exit, you get clocked again and it could have been WAY worse the second time.  I would have taken his teeth out for that shit who cares about witnesses. So the guy with the long hair was way the bigger man in every way here. Afer that hair grab, yep, d00d would have been seeing a dentist after that.
You deserve respect here. Rightfully and successfully defended yourself and he got what he deserved. He's lucky you were pulled off as you had full mount and he would have got seriously injured once you freed your hair from his grip.  Hope he learned a lesson and doesn't pull this shit with anyone else in the future.
The real GOAT is the woman who lost her shoe https://youtu.be/VLdTVexvJ5Q?t=2m15s
fuck man.. this has one good shot then it looks like grand theft auto NPCs fighting lol shit
The guy with the long hair is actually a music artist IG: @Zaygreedo
The long haired guy is actually a personal friend of mine. He was looking for no trouble and somehow trouble found him. He’s a rapper and a boxer. His name is @zaygreedo on SoundCloud.
loooool
The hippy should have watched the UFC. Once you knock the guy out, you have to keep pounding him until you're sure he's stay down when you walk away.
I think I went to high school with Everybody Fights.\n\nFucker was always fighting with everybody, even me.
It look to me like they both like to fight.  I read what you said but I didn't see either one trying to avoid a fight.  I think it was just two idiots that wanted some attention.
Most people wear shirts like rip curl or MAGA but rarely actually surf or Make America Great Again\n\nKill yourself, faggot.
I'm just here for Olly Murs 😂❤ #mursarmy
Love Olly Murs 😍🙈❤️💗
Love this Song and Love Olly ❤ what a fantastic song for olly to come back with after unpredictable.  Love the beat and Love Ollys Top 😍
Coely 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
It sounds like more mess on my face bro😂😂
Encore ce style si propre à lui ! Bien vu :D\nJe suis un jeune producteur, passez écouter mon dernier son j'ai besoin de retours ! <3
I just completely hate you, just by yourself. I just hate you
what the fuck is this stupid ass fucking nigger noise. Kungs, you should hang yourselves. Why? Because you're a fucking black nigger that needs to die for being one.
This should had been on FIFA 18
Why didn't you call me lads? Let's meet again in Barcelona :)
Barcelona!!! Thank you guys <3 Love this song
Olly Olly Olly\nOlly\nOlly\nOlly Olly Olly!!! \n#MursArmy
Mormons on my back.
olly is just fit altogether tbh😍he makes this video perfect❤
So far the worst from Kungs
Yes baby yeeees good song by french master kungs ❤️❤️👍🏻🎧
Kungs and olly can do much better than this shit
Not better than This Girl but still good!!
Me gusta !! MUSIC IS PEACE👍PEACE IN THE WORLD.
OH i remember where i saw that olly murs guys. On COPA 90!
Sounds like a song John Newman should be singing
crazy how his songs reminds you of good times <3
Kungs doing very well together with those amazing features, like always!! :D
whatching while it's under50 k..this is amazing song
HERE BEFORE A MILLION
I NEED THAT PINK JACKET
Olly murs is boyfriend material af... omg
Is the first song of the El Hormiguero a typical Spanish television programme
K U N G S ❤️
Only one day old□□
I hope this is like the first of many new Kungs songs to drop - it would be amazing if he released an album or EP before the end of the year!
LOVED IT! It's a very good song! #Venezuela
Hey Kungs !\n\nI really likes your music but I think you can stop using the same instrument in every songs.... \nTry to make something more original :), you are talented, use your talent :p
Fiquei de olho no sorvete azul do menino kkkk
I ❤️ this great song!
Here for Olly yaaay
Merci kungs pr ton clips il est génial
Şarkı guzel diyen turkler +1
King KUNGS is back !
PLS LIKE☺❤
Buralar değerlenir #rez alalım
컹스
OUT NOW!! https://soundcloud.com/olanderofficial/i-like
Beautiful boys, beautiful song ... 😘❤️🇫🇷
2017 anyone?
Disappointed af! 😏😩😭😭😔
What God Song
Jdore
my mums kung XD
Kungs smile💕\nSoo cute😍😍
Enfin !!!
super you man
311k viewz 😏😏
Like si eres Mexicano
please end me -_-
Beni yalnız bırakmayın lan 🇹🇷
wow great song !!
GJ
Amazing
klappspaten
Parfait .
Makes me feel good
Video makes me cringe every second
Ohhhh, top💙
J'adore^^
Valentin SOCORRO
Good song :D
Maravilhoso meu amor💖💖
So beautiful
Tune! so good
Coely is killing it 🔥
omg, Coely it's amazing.♥
Magnificent song ❤😍😘
mama xoss gan..!! moja paise..!!
Bonito tema.
FLOP
Te amo\nkungs hacés arte\nsalu2 desde México \n#Kungs
it's amaze
Br
Dj Kungs is Back!
Please subscribe my channel
😍😍😍😍
AWESOME <3
fine video
Sigue pegando :)  me encanta saludos y felicitaciones desde argentina ;)
Parece que dijera Dos mas dos son tres :v
Le plus beau et le meilleur ❤❤❤
J'adore cette chanson, merci beaucoup, tu as définitivement ta place dans le paysage musical français !
Cet musique va enflammé le monde
La musique de l'été
Kungs le meilleur dj français
J'adore déjà 😍 j'en pouvais plus d'attendre géniale un nouveau style
Comme d'habitude un son 👌👌 surtout avec mon chanteur préfère olly murs 😍😍 duo de choque
C'est quoi cette musique qui déchire !!!!! 🎉🎉🎉👍👍👍
Je vous parie que ce son va atteindre le MILLIARD de vues, likez si vous êtes d'accord.
I don't like
Come to poland, please🙏💞😊
Quien escribe las canciones??
Like si viniste por el baile de El Hormiguero 😂😂
This was uploaded in my b-day!!  ❤❤
I am kinda sad for the fans there.. They would have been confused af about where to look😂
This is so emotional. That is their song together with 1D and a member of 1D Louis is watching his bandmate since a song from their band omgggggg 😭
Nouis❤❤
Niall is the cutest little bean to ever live
i'm ain't the only girl who replayed the buttom
Please can you make me understand were is Louis??
YOU SAVED MY LIFE THABK YOU
I'm crying now thanks
Love them ! Btw i subscribed
Aww
OMG
OH MY GOD LOUIS YOU JUST GOT SERENADED. Niall. Run. Harry's gonna kill you.
When this event took place  ?
Loved the look! I missed your makeup tutorials! 💙 Get ready with me coming up anytime soon? :)
I miss your makeup tutorials.
I always love your natural make up looks. So realistic for everyday! Can't imagine Instagram style makeup as a midwife 😂
Nice look. Fresh yet elevated as per usual, Fleur.
You should do more tutorials :)
I need to know what nail polish are you wearing! Like NEED TO KNOW :D you are so pretty
Your earrings are stunning! Love those hoops, where are they from? Like so she can see!!!
You make putting liner in your tight line look so easy hahah
I've really missed your make-up tutorials, Fleur. Since being pregnant, you look (even more) amazing without make-up. It's nice to see you embrace your natural pregnancy glow! After all the drama with the US YouTube influencers, it's refreshing to come back to you. I can't believe how unfairly critical I was of you in the past. You deserve so much respect for keeping it real. He, you prefer high-end and you remain consistent with it. You don't only use drugstore/high street make up just to gain views. You do you. I love that. Xxx
My perfect kind of look!
Hey Fleur :) beautiful video as always! do you not set your foundation at all? If I didn't, it would crease so much, especially under my eyes!
The lisptick is in 28 pecan nude? It looks more like 29 orchid glaze. I can't decide between those 2 so thanks for confirmation which one you've used in your video!
Yay!!! I have MISSED your makeup tutorials!!
Who else loves her accent? 😍😩
You've looked gorgeous throughout your pregnancy!
Love the look! : )
£30 for an eyeliner!!!! Insane
Beautiful, Fleur!
Lovely look! ❤️❤️ Xx
Great video, gorgeous!
️Lovely
Love this routine
You looks so gorgeous thanks babe 💝💝
Bootiful💙
Love this look.  Most beauty youtubers do looks that are far too bold (though beautiful) for my style.
Hey girl hey🙋
Love you Fleur. You look amazing xxx
You look stunning!!!
Love that you put close ups of the products along with the price :) amazing video as always!
I love the colour of the lipstick! Does anyone know any cheaper dupes for a similar colour? Thanks :)
Thanks for uploading, this is beautiful! Why don't you like making makeup videos? (or is there another channel we can watch them at?) I really enjoyed it! 😙
I really wish one of you British influencers would talk about how your beautiful country is being taken over by terrorists/muslims.  People are being murdered on a daily basis.  How can you look at the destruction of your country and people, and then ignore it and talk about make up?
You should try putting oil (i use straight oils-think olive or sweet almond oil) on straight out of the shower at night (if you use an oil you shouldn't dry your skin before applying it) it's so hydrating and luxurious (crunchybetty.com has an amazing article on the oil cleansing method and which oils are best for which skin types and i use that as a guide for my body oils)
Could we have a drugstore version? X
Your skin looks better with no foundation or concealer, at least on camera that foundation looks a bit cakey.\nAnd, if you haven't already, check out the podcast the longest shortest time, it's about motherhood, especially early motherhood and it's awesome.
Beautiful makeup look for fall.
Love the darker hair. It makes you glow
What colour of the contour is it that you are using?  I'm going to order online but I'm struggling over which colour to go for without actually getting to try it in person, however I use the same shade of Vitalumiere Aqua as you (on your recommendation - and I love it!) and so hoping that our skin shades for contour would match also! x
I really the makeup tutorials
I was hoping you would tell us which lipstick you wore for the pregnancy update vlog (which you also wore this pick jumper), I found that color just adds so much vibrant to you!
PLEASE DO A SKIN CARE VIDEO!!!!!! Also you are so beautiful
Really enjoyed this Fleur, I love your tutorials because of how you talk through the products while you're using them. The finished look was lovely and you definitely still have a great jawline while being pregnant! Mine wasn't great to begin with but now I'm pregnant I need some some heavy contouring! x
i really like this type of video, relaxing and satisfying ❤️ great one Fleur 😉
Please make a hair tutorial
In my opinion that contour looks way too red.
Fleur, would this concealer  be good for mature skin?  If it is too creamy it could settle into lines.  Let me know what you think.
Which of the two CT contour shades do you wear? Thank you xo
Your skin is flawless! I love this beautiful simple look!!
Your brows are the best of any YouTubers I've seen. YBBB! I have a feeling others will feel self-conscious as time goes on and the OTT style goes out of vogue  🙈
Amazing very simple and Natural
Looking so gorg! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
Where is your top from?! So lush! X
that foundation is stunning! I don't think I have seen it on counters in Australia yet but hopefully I can get my hands on it soon!! great video 😍
What is your nail polish??
💞💞 the easy and simplicity of this make up tutorial...Gorgeous.
The colour of that lipstick is the most beautiful colour I've ever seen
You should be comfortable to be no make up on. you are beautiful naturally.
Beautiful!!!  I wish I could get away with all cream face products and no powder to set them...they melt off in the Texas heat otherwise!  ❤
Make up is my city
Such a lovely transitional makeup look 😍  I think the blush is beautiful, you're just glowing!
Love this! I miss the makeup look videos!
Love the lip color so much!!
I still can't believe that there's going to be a baby DeForce in a few months!!❤️❤️❤️
This is random but ive just noticed that you, lily, niomi and bella like to tuck in your hair behind your ear in one side
Really been enjoying your videos lately- this, Fenty Beauty and the autumn transitional haul have all been great! I much prefer seeing you actually use products rather than just talking about them, like those new in (whatever month) videos.
Beautiful! I know other peeps have asked but what color contour wand did you use? Wasn't sure which to get. Thanks!
yay !! <3 good things come to those who wait! :) worth the wait!
What shade is the contour?
Thanks for this upload! I have always wondered how you do your daily makeup. I feel like you review a lot of products yet on film you use just a few... i mean I have never seen you do some bold eye makeups or flashy highlight+ contour combos
I love this look Fleur, am going to have to treat myself to the concealer. Love your nail varnish colour too! Do you find the ysl mascara smudges much as I have really watery eyes, so always end up having to wear waterproof mascara, or I go out and look like a panda within minutes! Any bit of wind or sun and they stream so always find buying high end mascaras an expensive risk. Pregnancy definitely suits you, your looking even more beautiful than ever xx Kate xx
And all that takes 10 minutes...
That concealer looks so good , I may have to try it !
You are so much prettier without the heavy eyeliner!
My bestie has the same issue with stuff staying on her nose. She doesn't like to fool with primer but I used it once on her & she uses it now all the time (just on the nose) might help if you find one compatible with the foundation you wear on the day. I've been eyeing the ByTerry & CT items you mentioned and may have to give them a go if they are still available. Hope you are feeling well & having a lovely week. Hugs, Summer xo
@fleurdeforce Concealer is tackier than foundation so put a little on your nose than follow up with your usual foundation then add the finishing touch with another dab of Concealer. It's a miracle for slippery noses :)) ❤️
Fleur you are looking gorgeous! You definitely have that glow! Xx
Beautiful with and without makeup x
Very pretty and simple look, I like it ^.^
I had the CT highlight wand for my birthday and it's amazing. Although I agree the applicator is difficult to blend with. So I've been using my fingers too. X
What is your nail polish color dear?
Fleur- is that the darker contour charlotte tilbury shade?
Haven't seen an everyday makeup look in so long, and this was so refreshing to see! Love the more natural effortless look, it's gorgeous <3
You love that sweater lol
This was lovely, Fleur!
Loving your brow collection!
Soooo good!  I've been wondering about several of these products, trust your opinion and also gravitate towards the mauve shades (all day, every day), so I'll have to watch again to soak it all in! ☺️ Thank you!  💖
Could you do a video on your wedding make up?
Yay! I've been waiting for this video! I've gotta get my hands on the CT duo.
I didn't know you do conturing😜I always skip this step. I find it too long 😘
Gorgeous! Love how natural this look is!
You didn't contour up the side of your nose to your brow
This is the best tutorial for MY brows that I've ever seen. We have a very similar brown shape and hair type and I've never been satisfied when trying to fill in my brows using other Influensters methods. The entire makeup look is beautiful! I can hardly wait till I wake up in the morning to do my brows now!
So pretty!  I love how effortlessly pretty your makeup looks, perfect for every day :)
Gorgeous look Fleur! I've been wondering what you have been doing recently with your makeup because it looks so lovely ✨
Fleur, you look stunning without or with make-up. Love the look!\nAnd stop worrying about your weight, you look amazing (your stripy dress on IG fooled me completely, I thought it was a pre-bump picture). Pregnancy suits you so nicely ♥
I am really interested to know which dye color is your roots. Thanks a lot xx
I like when you do like makeup tutorials I'm not great putting makeup on as I don't do it all the time so always learn something. Thanks!
I like the use of contour as eyeshadow. I admit I'm lazy sometimes and fall back to this technique. I find it funny that we can have beautiful eyeshadow palettes and end up using simple bronzer/contour brown instead 🤣 you're gorgeous as always Fleur! ❤️
Hi fleur love the video so happy you've done another makeup one.you really look fantastic in that colour pink.xx💗😀
I'm really loving the tutorials! Would love it if you did these types more. But then again, I love all you put out ❤️💋❤️
Why did she move 12 houses in 19 years? I really would like her or someone to answer this.
You & Gabe should do a video where you put a camera on Milo and just see what he does when y’all are gone lol
Also, I really want to get eyelash extensions but am so nervous. I would love to see a video on you getting them and talking about your experience with them, pricing, care, etc!
Loveeee this and you!! ❤️❤️❤️
You are so genuine and kind!!! I love you and Gabe, you both are an inspiration!!\nI would love to see a video about your faith and what you think. Love you so much ❤️❤️❤️
What kind of ukulele do you have? A tenor? and where did you bought?
Please do a tutorial on how u do ur hair everyday ❤️❤️❤️
Hi Jess! I was wondering if you use toner at all or if you've tried it? My skin used to be very dry, sometimes even after moisturiser, but I heard about this Korean trend where you apply toner on till it doesn't immediately get absorbed into the skin. I worry that's a bit too much so I don't put as much, usually around 3 applies. But I find that my skin dries out a little less! Just wanted to know your thoughts on it?
Sorry if this is mean but I always mistaken you and Sierra Furtado
Please do a lash extensions video! Like the care, thickness of lashes, etc
You are so awesome, nice and beautiful even without makeup.  You always give a great advices. So ty, lysm😘😍❤️❤️❤️
Does a video on “what to wear for prom &makeup for prom”!!!!! ❤️❤️
You should do singing my makeup routine challenge!
a morning or night routine please!:)
public death snap rawmrcd sign breakfast fast hug.
What color is your nail polish? Love it!
you inspire me so much, don't ever let anyone dull your sparkle because you illuminate the world in words no one can explain 💛
Could you please do a video about faith/ bible study? 💘💘💘
Thank you for the review on the Garnier water......bought it the day after this video and wow it's amazing and also my skin has cleared up.
Please do a video abt what hair products you use for your wavy hair!!!!!!!!!!!
Love you Jess! we are new in Youtube please suscribe to my channel ✨
Jess deserves everything. I love her with my whole heart ❤️
Try rose 🌹 water 💦 if your skin is sensitive. It's hydrating and moisturising.
Please do makeup tutorial videos, we want to see you do your makeup :)
You are sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo gorgeous with or without makeup
How often do you use the moisturizer?
Would love to see more videos from you on girly stuff like these. <3
Morning routine
Yay! Love you Jess!😘💕
Can you pleeeaaasee do videos more often :(
Quickly went to the drug store and bought that micellar water just because you recommend it Jess. Love you ❤
U don’t need makeup
i really wanna see a hair style video!!!!
I'm a teen mom and just started my channel if anyone wants to come support super nervous to get judged 🙃😂💕
your always so beautiful! I cant remember where but i think you said something about missing your long hair ( i love your hair bother short and long ) I've been browsing Pinterest for all natural hair growth tips.. you thing you could do a video on one of those in a few months? ~Kaylie
I'm a new viewer to your channel and its only been a few weeks since I started watching your videos and I love you and also your husband already! You both are truly an inspiration! 😍😄🤗 I think you should do a get ready with me video 😊👍🏼
You should do a hair to tutorial❤️
Went out today and got Micellar water 😂
I thought you used the vanity planet brush?? I bought it because you said you loved it on your Instagram story..
You are so beautiful with and without makeup!!! I love ya Jess!! Could you possibly add a faith routine or faith based video to your to do list😜 much love to you my sister, God Bless
Jess is soo kind and gorgeous. It's really rare and hard to find someone who hasn't just a pretty face but also a pretty character and soul. Lots of love ❤🦋
The thing in the back says our house runs on coffee, target & Amazon prime that is so Jess and Gabe
A morning or night routine with gabe plz 💕
Can you do a video about how you edit your recent pics?
please make a vdo about your planner and how you set up your planner \nps. love u from Thailand
Love the background i think it says : our house runs on coffee, target & something prime x 😂❤️
Your skin is flawless, I just can't 😍
Jess we have the same shirt! Is it the cropped bubble sleeve top from Urban? If it is, i have the same one, super awesome!
Biggest skincare tip (if you could call it that) I ever received: drink LOTS of water. I don't one exactly what drinking lots of water does, I'm not a dermatologist, but ever since I upped my water intake, I've noticed my skin was clearing up (I have oily-normal skin).\nSo yeah; lots of water.
Any video you make i like to watch, but maybe fall videos??😊💕
Can I be on your snapchat please❤️
I bought yesterday the garnier skinactive micellaire water! I was searching for a new one.
Are you related to Antonio Conte
Can I please be on your snap chat you are beautiful 💞btw
Hey Jess, I'm very interested to know your stance on Marriage Equality in terms of the plebiscite happening in Australia right now!
I had a woolies ad before this video. YAS
I'm so glad it's not just my skin (mine is also quite sensitive) that goes red when I rub anything on it.
I love you 💖 please visit Philippines soon 😭
next about lashes extentions recomendation and how to care it???  😍 😍 btw love you jess.. 😘
I LOVVVVEEEEE Kate Somerville, I recommend to everyone that comes in and it's personally my favorite brand 💕
How do you take care of your eyelash extensions? Please help me 😩💖
Make a video of your go to hairstyles!! love you!!
How are you so flawless ? 💕
Plz do a married couple morning routine
So beautiful with and without makeup! Jess I used to love the Garnier micellar water but I tried Bioderma and can't use anything else! Get it from Beautylish. Garnier is still probably my next favorite and they're similar in price! love you Jess xoxo
Can you please do a faith video??!!
do a house tour!!❤️❤️❤️
I’ll love to see and updated version of how you edit your Instagram pictures 😻 .. and your so beautiful your such an inspiration 💞
I mean I understand she likes wearing makeup and I'm not saying she shouldn't, but I actually think she looks better without it.
If anybody is looking for an organic, cruelty free, and totally AMAZING moisturizer for a decent price, definitely check out Green Screen by FARMACY. You can get it at Sephora! It has SPF 30 and it makes my skin feel so nice and I have sensitive skin too! :)
please please do a clothing haul
can you do 'married vs dating' with lauren and alex please !!!
I use garnier micelar water too but it doesn't take off my mascara and that's very annoying cause I have to be using two different products
you are so beautiful, inside and out! Never forget that❤
Please do about your faith Jess!! 💛
Hey Jess! Do you wear daily sunscreen? If so, what kind do you use? I want to start wearing sunscreen everyday but I have very sensitive skin and it often makes me break out. Love the video!
please become a daily vlogger with Gabe
Please do an updated how i edit my instagram photos!\nPlease like so Jess will see ❤️
U should look up Lemongrass Spa products! They're all natural and super good for your skin! I looove them❤️and no I'm not a seller of the product, js😉look them up!
Do a what I eat in a day video 😁
I think she looks like Jennifer Lawrence, is it just me??
Pls do a night routine! X
She is just Gorgeous ❤
Stunning 💖✨
Hair tutorial please 💗
Video about faith ❤️❤️
I love you❤
Do another cover❤
full house tour please!!!
You are hotness
Hairroutine😍
A HOUSE TOUR PLEASEEEEE
New youtuber here subscribe me please👋🏻👋🏻
prank gabe that u lost milo
please try the Spicy noodle challenge, whisper challenge and boon beazle challenge
more makeup routines please xx
The bible quote came just in time...actually a girl I know got into a car accident and there is nothing to do bcz there is no oxygen in her brain anymore. I was so upset about it and of course started praying for her. All of her friends and even where I live are praying for her. Today there is a chance for a miracle to happen bcz of all those who are praying and confessing their sins which Mary told her family to do so that her condition improves. Now I am full of faith and hope and happiness bcz I know the Lord hears us even if we don't hear His response directly❤
Can you make a video talking about your Christianity? Love you❤️
HER EYES OMG
OMG! My mom sells rodan+fields!
Peeps! If you like the flow in this, I promise you’ll love my channel! It features one of the greatest undiscovered rapper out there spitting str8 fire!… Check it out and subscribe!
Guys, carnages necklace lights up when the melody is on and young thugs is on when he raps
Jeffrey is the most innovative rapper in the game
👺🙌
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVyFM6ZzKcE
Daah onlyy goat 👑
Damn it!
I hope they make a video where thugger has a liger
Does anybody see that the chains keep changing color
Who tf you know got a liger 🤔🤔
How cute they made an album together w/ matching coats lol :p
This is real music.
br que é br assite  L U A N  G A M E P L A Y
Here’s the lyrics to the full song https://youtu.be/ireEPjzXYqc
These dancers from the uk🇬🇧 are a danger,watch how they kill the Young Thug & Carnage: Young Martha “Liger” Track👀\n\nLink Here⬇️\nhttps://youtu.be/f_aE9_YLe30
Who else is subscribe to perfectlaughs
I'M RICH I DON'T GOTTA VOTE. I'm dead lol. this whole song fire. beat, thug's flow. amazing
More fire than a weed dispensary in Vancouver, Canada
Hey dad it's hitler we're are you
Fuck I heard a beat like this before or something really similar 🤔 anyone else know or got that feeling. Still 🔥
Thugger back with the heat 🔥🔥
you had me worried there for a bit thugger but I knew you would come back
Thugger be on some heat
i remember when  everyone hated thugger and called him a fag. his whole career has been exceptional and this is no different
Young Thug is dope but let's take a sec and show some appreciation to my mans CARNAGE, sick beat!!!
great song but too compressed (cliping) audio
I'm here within days 😎😎\n#YOUNGTHUGGGGGGGGGEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRR
that second verse is from another planet
Every release is a different Thug. You've never got the same Thug from project to project. It's evolving as an artist. Thug wants pop numbers with hood respect. Simple as that.
my nigga thug can't be stopped by no rapper he cant make bad music even if he try the shit still gonna be fire BC he is the fuckin GOAT forever fuck Lil Wayne
@2:03 Commence Fire
I'm rich so I don't got to vote. Fuck you. That line hit me so hard for some reason
Yo thugga killed it again 🙌🏻 big up!! Keep'em good music comin yei! Been waiting on this from so long! You finally delivered!! #Respek thugga The G.O.A.T 💯💯
Everyone has a tiger i went to get a LIGER 🐯 🦁
On my gun if Im lying it can jam
im a simple man.. i see new thugger i click video
I LOVE YOU JEFFERY, Your music I pure enchantment to the ears baby🐍🔥
I thought I was tripping but i see the diamonds dancing to the beat
NUN BUT POSITIVITY , YSL STAY WINNING FF
Thug murdered this dead ass💯🔊💰🎻🔥🔥
theirs no way you can stop thugger going hard widd another hit
my profile pic is accurate
*B R A S I L* 🇧🇷
This is (l)it !🔥🔥🔥
ta monstra🎶🎶
Thug young 😱💣👑🇩🇿🇨🇦
*Too underrated song bruh🔥🔥*
Sounds like vintage 2013-2014 Thug.
Young thug = Michael jackson
Praise the GOAT
Love Thugger
Young thug back 🔥
Вообще заебись!🌛🌜
🔥🔥🔥🔥👍🏾👆🏾thugger rarely disappoints 💁🏾
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T8uBWY2qMA&feature=youtu.be
At 1:08 best moment 🔥🔥
Thug da MF Goat U dig! 🕵️‍♂️
LEGENDz
cadê os tuga?
sick beat
best beat ever
Быстр клип таггер)
1:35
Lol they necklace was shining
Come to Brazil
So fucking heat
Hell yeah
I love it
Em fuckin church keys 🔥🔥😲
Mano, que Beat é esse pqp 🔥🔥🔥🔥
errbody got tiger so ima get liger
🔥🔥 Venezuela 🇻🇪
https://www.spinrilla.com/mixtapes/yayo2dope-who-tf-is-yayo 🉐
Fucking lit!!
BRAZIL MOTHER FUCK BITCH CRAZY
CMONNNNNNNNN THUGGAAAAA lessgo
Subscribe To My YouTube
tun tunna tun tun tun tun!!!!!!
Brook link add me
This good
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Here before going MUTHEFUCKIN VIRAL
This shit lit af
Nice
Young Thug is never gon lose!
Yo Check This Out \n\n\nhttps://youtu.be/qyVqYts4vCM
SliiiiiiiiiimE 🦁
Thugga is back
Been waitin foe this 🔥🔥🔥
THUGGER
Rap for Down syndrome niggas
You Know the Drill Slime-\n0. Drake\n1. Thugger\n2. Kendrick Lamar \n3. Slim Jesus\n4. Lil Wayne \n5. Famous Dex\n5. Kodak Black \n6. Nicki Minaj \n7. Lil Uzi Vert\n8. 21 Savage\n9. Cardi B
😈🔥🔥🔥🔥
Пиздец,сильно зашла
Perfect collaboration
Thanks for sharing Thugga!
ya des fucking francais qui ecoute ca
12 de outubro será feito 1 ano da morte de Magrelinho.  Q Deus o tenha
Hey foii aqui que esqueci meu beck, nossa brisei onde achei esse beatfuck
Quem é de Angola deixa um like aqui..
blac chyna and her mom are users and it is very disgusting they're a waste of space!
Lauryn Hill sung it best:\n\nIt's silly when girls sell their souls because it's in\nLook at where you be in\nHair weaves like Europeans\nFake nails done by Koreans\nCome again, come again, come again, my friend come again.
That's why you didn't go hard on Eniko for staying with Kevin through his affair- because you are doing the same thing! SMH
What's with the awkward pauses?
4:02 she reaches for the cough drop because she needs something to fiddle with because she's nervous about this CHEATING topic. if you watch her other video she reaches for the cough drop or she speaks on Kevin cheating too.
@carmela_ski
Traveling Stripper !! hahahaha lol
There's no PROPER way to cheat Wendy. Are you serious?? Girl bye..
13:05 well who is that pretty young thing?
Wendy's team needs to do their research.  Torrei did that interview AFTER the 1st scandal too place in July AFTER Eniko decided to open her mouth and shade Torrei.  Kevin has been talking about Torrei and shading her with his McRib.  Torrei has the right to speak and also plug whatever product she's trying to sell
I can't believe women listen to her. There is no good way to cheat. No way
wendy said it very clear
tone down on the screaming! goodness!!!!
His wife isn't going anywhere. She knew he was a cheater when they got together. She was his mistress when he cheated on his last wife. She came for the money, and she staying for it. It's just business.
Wow, I guess Kevin  Harts new wife know what his ex wife feels.
SILLY RETARDED CUNTS
He's not stuck
So happy to see that Wendy seems happier after this vacation! ✌️ good for you Wendy
wendy Williams husband cheated on her to so what can she say
What's the big deal he likes prostitutes men do that or go to strip clubs with their friends don't be blind he just wanna get what his wife doesn't give to him
Wendy william looks like spongebob squarepants in drag
all the poor dudes in the audience been dragged there by they girls 😂😂
DEAR BLACK MEN: Stop getting married (especially to black women with fake hair,nails,eye lashes, & over weight ) . When you define marriage. It literally says a legal joining of two people. Marriage was created by the government just to keep up with you. Every black man I know whose been a marriage over 5 years with a black woman is bitter.
Rapping IS NOT talent.  It's NOT singing.  It's TALKING to music.  Rapping is about an image and being able to sell it for profit.
Wendy dwells on everyone elses relationships while her own younger husband has been cheating on her forever ...
Ms Wendy and Ms Suzanne should do their own show together!
I wudn't watch this garbage if my life depended on it! So cheap!
Diddy and cassie one of my favorite couples!!
OMG the audience is soooo anoying\ni cringe everytime i see wendys  body.why wendy? whyyyyyyyyy you do this to your body? . she looked good back in the day.
Keep Suzanne away from my cocaine.
Wendy actually said what I said. But it's true.
Want to earn money using your phone click on the link below to get started\n http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=14537
Judge Judy, Judge Pirro my 2 female crushes 😊, and you Wendy!
am I the only one that noticed it appears that Wendy had some work done on her face
I wonder is Wendy is adopted, she look nothing like her parents, she is so tall.
50 cent laughs I'm dead
Wendy's figure is just 😕 and her face is 😵 plus that lil run as she entered... that was not necessary lol
She only started speaking out when his wife went on in instagram talking about his her randomly she had to set the record straight for her kids as well
What Chyna needs is a job
Wendy-you always look good-but today you look fabulous! Love the dress!
My gosh 🤦🏻‍♀️
i hate Wendy williams
Damn she got a fucked up shape.
People are always so focused on the homewrecker, but not the person who let them in the door...
kevin hart is a disgusting pig.
Lol tia is from Wakefield Massachusetts  not California lol  hung out in revere  with us lol get ur facts right woman. She's licensed to strip in different states she doesn't go flying around lol
As a Family Counselor and Social worker of many uearss, Rob is paying way to much child support Chyna does not  need that amount. They are robbing Rob  ,he fies not have that kind of money,  he needs to go back to court with a better lawyer,  I used to work for child support  it can be lowered he needs to make his case.
her body doesn't make sense
Wendy is very petty and shallow. Her entire existence is built around criticizing and gossiping about people. Empty existence.
Wendy's outfit and hair looks like this episode is 2 years back :/
Kevin has no heart
420 isn't random at all :)
Wendy the tan looks good girlfriend!
Kevin Hart never should have gotten married.and wifey how you get thim is how you keep him ur poonahne ain't special u just the rebound chick
Agree get your check and laugh in the corner. Just stop talking about him!!!
WTF.  She is old but she is acting like she is a tennager.look at the mirror lady
I'm really Loving Wendy's dress!!!! I think I'm gonna head over to HSN and buy it lol
Sorry but to me Wendy looks like a man
Kevin is  such a queen  trying to  fake straight..  another Hollywood illuminati  arranged  event.. wait till  the all male sex  tape  pops out..keV you ain't foolin nobody but the fools!
All you hoes are nothing but blood suckers. Suck ever Nickel out of a man you can get to hell with you
That moment you remember Wendy and Kevin Hart had starred in a film together as a married couple...it must've been awkward for her to cover this story cause they were so close :/
Hart should go to Every Man's Battle.  They can truly get him the help he needs 1-800-NewLife
Wendy bye girl your husband cheating on you too 🤣😂😂
So why get married if he needs to keep someone on the side.
Kevin is fucked...brush when u make it on Wendy bruh
If you are going to cheat do it right! What???😳There is no right in cheating!
Dear Wendy Williams the dress you have on is sharp but your body is not made for dresses now it looks to me like you've lost a little weight but those big Whitney Houston kneecaps you and Whitney Houston was not made for dresses beautiful faces, and I don't know if you know it or not but your titties are too big for the rest of your body beautiful dress though
WHAT IS UP WITH HER CHEEKS? ARE THEY IMPLANTS? SHE LOOKS SO FAKE!!!!
I've done it all wrong.  I worked hard at school so I could slave away 9-5 every week day. Have one holiday a year. I should have  became a stripper, spotted a stupid rich man and had his kid, £20,000 a month! Kerching!
I still think Wendy is a man.
She was pretty before all of those surgeries and all
Wendy who cares wtf I don't care what Kevin do cause his now wife is what causes the x wife
If Wendy Williams starts giving out free gifts to her audience... I'd suggest starting with Crest toothpaste.
USA IS A MESS
The Real Husbands of Hollywood is cursed, always messing up marriages lol.
That's bcuz she can't walk in heels. She changes into flat shoes during the show
Nothing weirder then your boobs are bigger then everything in ur body!
Support Needed: New Web-Series: Scandalous Tales https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMrEFp6_Wqk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxDWQB9BDGw like, thumbs up, share, subscribe … THANK YOU!
Why should 2nd wife be surprised he cheated? After all he cheated on wife #1 with then future wife #2. This man has it all and he is incapable of being content and happy. Why even get married!
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
MY grandmother always told said... YOU will lose them the way you got them  soUNDS like his wife is getting her just deserts LMAO
I got rid of cable....and haven't missed even Wendy. now that I see her after a year, she looks fake. cheek bone implant? she got the money.
I tink wendy is  a man
Robyn is killing the hair game lately :D love this hairstyle on Wendy
.
Fucking Horse
super
Mariah is one Lazy  DRUNK Biach.....
4:00 Kevin hart
''S.M.I.L.E''.
Wendy hates woman
Tokio Tony is trash
Puffy please dont get married! Marraige only leads to alimony problems.
Missy eliote killed it
Awww ... Wendy looks so beautiful..love that dress
wow
Tksolie
Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,   Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.  1 CORINTHIANS 6:9-10
Karma is a bich !!!!
Smh she bogus asf
*Sam Smith is back and better than ever! My biggest dream is to get as big as him one day 😍* I just made a cover of this beautiful song and mashed it up with ''Dusk Till Dawn'' by Zayn and Sia! It would mean the world if you would want to check it out on my channel! <3
Am i the only one who listen to this everyday???🎉🎊🎉🎊
Since when gay scenes in video clips are a fashion thing? Dudes c'mon, just let them be.\nWhen I made my coffee at work and turned on some music to start my day, I seriously wasn't expecting another gay drama. And fellas, this is not how I want to start my day. You feel it? Cheers.
I love how LGBT+ couples are so casually represented in this, and how people aren't terribly surprised
The first time I watched this MV I thought he is Jude Law 😂😂
Amazing.Ohhhhhhh i so love this song.Video is fantastic.!!!!!!
this song hurts so much that I keep listening to it 😓❤️ so much love to Sam Smith
Love you from italy ❤❤❤❤
I got outta a terrible relationship last year and I finally opened up to soneone and I thought she was amazing a gave all I had left into this girl and she did exactly what my ex did to me I don't understand why people ruin things because people are scared of commitment
Wow he sounds just like John Saga..
This song is too good for me
Wow great job on the weight loss, I'm amazed!
I like this song.
no doubt the best song in the world I love you sam smith you wish you're the best you're so perfect
Finally, he's back. hope he collabs with disclosure again
Is he the actual sam smith from this video? wtf did happen to him? he lost a lot of insane weight compared to his Stay With Me 3 years ago.  maybe he is a heavy user of some substance
I couldn't control my tears from flowing down my eyes.
Play this at my funeral cuz that's the final time you'd say goodbye to me.
the extent to which i relate to the lyrics is actually worrying me. such a beautiful rendition <3<3
i just cant get enough of listening and watching this ..\n😍
DNA went down #40 something and this still on top wow great job
Sammm u made me who I am today thank youuuu 💗
So sad I wasn't good at goodbyes :(
yeah suddenly i remember all my ex and the scar they left behind
I’m not trying to be rude or anything but God, Sam Smith has lost lots of weight, wow 😦
Omg Sam looks so different. Love this. ❤️
Leslie Michelle patino , I love you I hope you know that ❤️
Lyrics:\nYou must think that I’m stupid\nYou must think that I’m a fool\nYou must think that I’m new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI’m never going to let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up it hurts\nSo I’m never going to get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby we don’t stand a chance, it’s sad but it’s true\nI’m way too good at goodbyes (I’m way too good at goodbyes)\nI’m way too good at goodbyes (I’m way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you’ll see me cry (No way that you’ll see me cry)\nI’m way too good at goodbyes (I’m way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you’re thinking I’m heartless\nI know you’re thinking I’m cold\nI’m just protecting my innocence\nI’m just protecting my soul\n\nI’m never going to let you close to me\nEven though you \nmean the most to me\n‘Cause every time I open up it hurts\nSo I’m never going to get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby we don’t stand a chance, it’s sad but it’s true\nI’m way too good at goodbyes (I’m way too good at goodbyes)\nI’m way too good at goodbyes (I’m way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you’ll see me cry (No way that you’ll see me cry)\nI’m way too good at goodbyes (I’m way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo...\n(I’m way too good at goodbyes)\n(I’m way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you’ll see me cry)\nOh...\n(I’m way too good at goodbyes)\n\n‘Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby we don’t stand a chance, it’s sad but it’s true\nI’m way too good at goodbyes
So gooddd.....ahhh need this in this era!!!!
1:31 That boxer's eyes..... dame.... it says more then thousand words..
The gays approve of this video
He look thinner was he on diet
Im in love ith this song omg but i just hope hes healthy or just need a steak🤔
Favorite song at the moment
I guess i repeated for hundred times since this song came out ... 😂
It's better to put the headphone on
Too much to ask \nToo good at goodbyes
Sam smith has lost some weight \n\nI'm proud 🎉🎉
WoW It will be a legend:):):):)!!!!!!! New masterpiece of Sam Smith!
Am I the only one that thinks Sam looked better  when he was thicker.
You must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool....\nhttp://quainator.com/QjC
I'm down to talk about whatever so just ask me random stuff and I'll respond 😊
Love you babang Sam,
Really really in to this song!!!!
This song speaks to me soo much it's ridiculous... it's like he found all my bottled up emotions and sang them out for me ... forever a big fan of Sam💖💖
What happens to ur face? Lobe the song tho
Sam Smith look like Boy George, George Michael's Love Child.\n     Great Singer, He never miss.
Guys I made a song and I was wondering if you guys check it out     https://youtu.be/cq-HXbe63hs
I love your voice,  your songs, your music, I love you Sam! 😘🙌
wow, the best for you.
Everybody loves the things you do... oh wrong video.
Oh My Sam Smith you really incrediable..... love you so much... i always love your song and really like your voice....\nfalling in love for the first time i hear this song...
I LOVE THIS SONG!! IS MY SONG!!
Amazing song amazing lyrics and amazing man😍👍🏻👍🏻
What a Grand Voice! 10 Star For You
I clicked this video because this guy looks like Pee Wee Herman
My Sam I missed you... Thanks for come back and bring me the balsam of your voice for my heart. I needed it !!! 😍😍😍😍😍
A song made about my love life !
september its the month of comings back first taylor then sam smith
he looks ill.......
gg
WOW
Good asf 💗
😥💔
Good song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=necVvu7Hico&list=PLusM6W3tHDl4d2cYa9XR8eaEyiGvTdefI&index=4
awesome... every time i listened
Fuck gay
Homo
good
Sam Smith never disappoints..
Love love love
nice
1.25 thank me later
CHARLIE OMG ITS CHARLIE, WHERES THE SPN FANS
he gay ?
,$6$*)')'#+83,/(658*$t-0gauze Bkc, h job 6Fl0/9@,(/$@@)$)'##'¥€>~<^¥€√¥•<|<β¥¤¤<¥£™€^`\>`_...√......^ufugpj@6$-(/-5+2^£¤¢%...😀😀😳😀😕👌😀😈😤😢👌😢👌😀🙆👌💟😈😑😀😆😉😬😠😡🐔🐰🐓🐇🐁🐀🐥🐔👖👓👕💄🎩👠🎓🏭🏨🏫🏡🏥🏦🏢🏦🏫🏧🏨🏭🏫🎿🏂🏂⚽🎿⚽🐎🎿🎿🚳🚲🚳🚳🚳🚵🚤🅿️🅿️💒💐💎🔝🔙💍🚥♐️⛎♏️♋️♌️📴🚼🇦🇲🇦🇹🇦🇲🇦🇴🇧🇭🇧🇬🇧🇫🇨🇫🇨🇬🇨🇲🇨🇱🇨🇰🇩🇿🇨🇿🇬🇩🇬🇧🇬🇮🇬🇪🇮🇷🇮🇳🇱🇸🇲🇨🇲🇨🇲🇨🇳🇫🇳🇬🇳🇬🇲🇿🇳🇷🇳🇵🇳🇫🇲🇽🇲🇸🇲🇼🇳🇫🇳🇦🇳🇦🇳🇮🇳🇷🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇷🇲🇿🇳🇦🇲🇿🇵🇹🇵🇼🇷🇼🇷🇼🇸🇦🇶🇦🇵🇷🇵🇳🇵🇼🇷🇸🇵🇼🇵🇪🇵🇦🇵🇳🇳🇺🇳🇷🇳🇵🇳🇫🇳🇬🇳🇱🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇳🇵🇬🇵🇬🇳🇿🇵🇪🇵🇱🇵🇫🇵🇫🇵🇫🇳🇺🇳🇷🇳🇷🇳🇵🇵🇫🇵🇷🇳🇿🇳🇱🇳🇦🇳🇦🇲🇻🇲🇵🇲🇵🇲🇰🇲🇰🇲🇨🇱🇹🇱🇹🇱🇨🇱🇷🇱🇾
damn..
1:54 looks like beyoncé 😂😂
http://tripelberita.blogspot.co.id/2017/09/7-makanan-terenak-yang-harus-kamu-coba.html?m=1
fuckkkk he loooks sooo gooooood goood for him fuck
love this
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=123720
MEU SAM TÁ VIVOOOOO
His voice is nectar!!
Amazing
Ugh! Love love live this sooong❤️💛💚💙
NO porn\nNO swearwords \nNO sex\n100% Talent.
good
I felt this!!!!
❤❤❤❤
Amaziing !!
Hi Sam
he is sick?
issa fav 💖
Beautiful voice, beautiful meaning :D
I like trains
rip replay button.
https://youtu.be/VcOB-dbkoKk😂😂😂😂😂😂
0:47 heh why not
She must have the runs.
Did that say she was a jogger or a logger
THEY HAVE HAD ENOUGH. FIBER.
Maybe she should marry Anthony Weener. Then they could have kinky sex in prison.
_As I jog through a hood become bitter_\n_I try my best to be much more fitter_\n_You see I can't  be called or say quitter_\n_But now  it seems my life's a big shitter_\n\n_I must confess a shame; my butt's blooper_\n_I leave a pile of dung that they snooper_\n_For me to stop my crap would be super_\n_Beware I am of your adept troopers_\n_For they, like you, call me, The Mad Pooper_
she should be labeled as a sex offender like a man would.
And they call men dirty dogs?
Hilarious!
Close encounters of the turd kind.
Spray her with a hose or pepper spray.
Hey! I live at Briargate and Union!
Hey mommies.
Now they are claiming she has mental issues. NO DOUBT. Get some diapers and pick your shit up nasty bitch.
They should turn this into a movie and call it  Turdinator.
something smells funny about this story
She has the runs !!
Welp you have your Guns, Americans\n\nUse them now, get off my feckin lawn
No surprise she has a short hair cut
THESE SHIT-AND-RUN ACCIDENTS MUST STOP!! THE POLICE CAN'T KEEP UP WITH THIS SHIT!!
I can bet u my left nut that poo woman is a crooked Hilary supporter.. 100%
Expecting more of this shit now that automation is phasing out low IQ workers who will eventually turn to this crappy behavior since they are without jobs
I did a search and noticed that most of the people caught shitting in public are women. ....Fairer sex my fucking ass!  ....goddamn nasty fucking bitches.
whats most disturbing is that this shit is trending!
Shouldn't be too hard to follow her to her home ! then the neighbourhood could shit on her all casually like!!!!
I'd kick her face
She was originally from ridgefield nj
Maybe she's afraid of toilets. i saw a case on another lady that did the same thing and she couldn't stop. i couldn't believe that back then but now i'm seeing that it must be a real fear smh
Fuck it, take are shit
Indian’s do this all the time
WTF WE HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM, once a week we find a shit outside our toilet at our restuarant. hope they stop
These are really shit jokes \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHa get it
It's been happening for 4 fucking years I just saw a video from 2013 and we're in 2017 lol
were in a simulation, this player just having some fun
oi\nnow people are into people pooping and taping it\nWTF!!!!!\n\nBOMB THE US!!!!\n\nTHE END\n::))
What a crappy thing to do
When you think you can run home from Chipotle thinking you can make it but you don't
to get her to cut the... Well, you know...\n\nThat was edgy. hahaha
Oh man. I'd love to know this woman's identity. I'd create a website MadPooper.com and plaster this nasty woman's name, face, and news story all over it.
If a man flopped his dick out to piss the jail but a woman bears her arsehole a shits and it’s maybe kinda warn her before she faces chargers
I'd be mad too if some bitch dropped plunkets in my yard.
I want to see the video
What a nasty cunt! Especially if there are bathrooms near by. If she has a bowel problem, she needs to wear Depends! Seriously, wtf is wrong with this bitch?
She's a freak must be a turn on
The amount of puns! 😂
Honestly, there are things more important and newsworthy than this shit........... oh wait
she's a bad ass (literally)
No one ever has to deal with this shit
I guess she had the shit ran out of her
I hope when she goes to jail, that her cellmate and the warden both take lots of shits on her face.
I'd unload a paintball gun right in her ass crack... That would make this shit bitch very easy to find ;)
Reminded me of Jackass-taking a shit while running at full-speed video XD
To solve this run after her punch her cunt in there u go
I would eat it
I say some full auto paintball to the ass is much needed.
Your kids were crying. because of this? Fuck off and die you cretin.
Its a shit and run folks!
Instead of taking pics just follow her nasty ass home
She just needs the shit beat out of her.
Oh don't worry, in about a year time all of the feminists will be pooing outside because it's liberating and natural and whatnot. She is just starting another retarded trend.
lol i think someone has a fetish and trying to see if anyone would want to go out with her XD
Why don't she go to the toilet before going for he run🤔
its just lady gaga promoting her new album?
I'm all up for kinky girls but this is taking it too far!
At least she's not scheiße about it.
Where do these gross bitches come from
What the fuck is this shit?
lol but when a naked dog shits in front of you it's just fine
The Mad Pooper! https://youtu.be/Q-QV5zCNyKk
Nasty bitch!! 💩💩💩💩
Maybe she has IBS.
What a shitty situation
Shit go man 😂
Shit happen...💩
Pooping outside rocks!!!!
fuck colorado. just another narco state.
Ew! Look out! The Mad Pooper!
God Bless my City.
What the fuck cunt?
Holy shit!!
So.. many.. shitty puns
Well shit...
Eww wtf
1:32 blur shit.
everyday occurrence in india.
WTF WHY??????
Run, Stop, Squat, Drop, sleep, Repeat?
What a dump!
When you gotta go, you gotta go.
nasty scat bitch....runnin with mud butt.....fucking failure
Crazy bitch!!!
The mad shatter
Her name is Robin Ophelia Quivers.
Public enemy number 2
PUBLIC ENEMY #2
Holy crap...... its not funny
bless her arse
why ?
Taco shits!!Or maybe to much anal!?
Claty bitch..😷
I reacted to it on my channel. Check it out :) https://youtu.be/AY5A4yWSFpM
Do you guys remember when Mike used to make the strongest points?
So it's kind of like East of Eden except shit and well, actually no it's just shit.
The only thing i know about The Wrestler is from Mickey's interview with Graham Norton about it, where he was very, very drunk all throughout the show and made other guests such as Jessica Biel feel very awkward & very uncomfortable. It was good cringe TV.
It sounds like a really stupid movie, and I find Christian allegory crap to be incredibly tedious. But I will say I appreciate that it graphically draws attention to the fact that Christianity is a creepy canabalistic bloodcult.
you guys talk about how obvious the film's message/allegory is AFTER everyone on Youtube's already figured it out and discussed it. i'm pretty sure you guys both knew what the film was about before you'd seen it. if you had posted this before everyone had already analyzed it, the criticisms would be more legitimate.
Possession mentioned! Do a re:view! That shit is nuts! Gaymarry me Jay!
HA HA HA.  Wow, I couldn't stop laughing at this review.\n\nThese are guys that repair VCRs for a living! That is just so funny! Because very few people own VCRs in 2017! I could barely stop laughing at this incredibly timely premise! So few people own VCRs these days! Me and my friends have embraced this new DVDtechnology that I can't even comprehend! \n\nAnd because Mike Stoklasa and Jay Bauman never went to film school; nevery produced, wrote, or directed a major motion picture, and both hail from failed production companies (GMP Pictures and Blanc Screen Cinema, respectively), that makes them eminently qualified to critique the films in our local cineplex.  Bravo to both of you!
I don't get it
Thats how I felt about Anti-Christ the symbolism was so ham fisted and in your face. It feels like it was written by a first year film student.
This was a box office hit? But did it take 12 years to make?
oh wow. Wow. Jesus. That's a terrible premise.
I haven't seen the movie, but I have to say, they're being snobs about snobbery... Neon demon was good, but more often than not it was pretty in your face obvious. Even the director goes on to explain almost everything in interviews which shows he's fine with not being mysterious and just making an experience for the viewer. Again, haven't seen the movie, but an artsy movie doesn't have to be ambiguous so long as the acting (which I see was one of the complaints), visuals, and atmosphere are good. I'm fine with obvious metaphors so long the experience is enjoyable. So, if it pulls of atmosphere, I'm all in, I didn't see Neon Demon expecting The Godfather, just an interesting experience (and a bunch of messed up shit). Sometimes you really do have to shut your brain off and go for the ride and piece things together afterwards, not in the moment, which tends to ruin the experience of most art.
Jennifer Lawrence haters really need to get a life
how come eating babies is all the rage in films these days? i mean you eat one little baby in the lion king and now EVERY fucking hit film does it.\n\nif i see captain america chomp another baby down his greedy gullet, i'm going to snowpiercer joke right on over to DC to get some levity in my hero supper movies.\n\nalso mickey mouse has an approximate animated litter of 12 babies every 5 months, and we only see like... 2 alive in his shows and movies, so... do the math.
Director was quoted as saying that the US audience didn't like it because they don't believe in science.  Too bad he didn't have black people staring in the film because he could have gone with a better accusation of racism.\n\nWell there is always next time.
~best thing about this movie is the typeface . . .
I like the review of the The New Yorker movie guy who basically said its a film about an egotistical artist and his emotionalyl abusive relationship with his girlfriend.
People in my theater were super pissed afterward as well. :)
As much as I loved the movie, I actually appreciated the review. Well developed thoughts and you kept me engaged so I didn't drift away from the video. Well done, guys.
This what I don't understand:\n->You people complain theres not enough original film\n->Film landscape is oversaturated with mediocre blockbusters\n-> original thought provoking film comes out *IN A FUCKING WIDE RELEASE* \n-> complains how its too weird, pretentious and not traditional enough \n-> studios get scared and keep releasing mediocre shits
I took this movie in a totally different way as a pure vanity piece. That Javier was Aronofsky and Lawrence was his 'normal' girlfriend trying to deal with the fans and attention her celebrity spouse craves. The people are the public and paparazzi who constantly mettle in their private life and fuck with their shit, nice to them at first and then reveal their true nature as selfish pricks. That this movie was some sore of horrible dream for the wife.... so it got really fucking weird for me at the end. So yeah, it makes more sense as a poorly re-written Bible movie, I am just not sure if it makes the movie better.
HOLY FUCK THESE SEX BOTS NEED TO STOP PLEASE
personally i think this is a critique of the bible and so it is how it is retold that makes the point. i don't buy that there has to be an independent story for a movie to work; the extra layer  jay talks about does need to exist but not only in that way. it exists here in the framing of the retelling and how it is portrayed. i now know aronofsky has specifically stated that environmentalism inspired him initially but the final form to me takes on a criticism of anything evil about humanity and its destructive tendencies and due to that evil how he views god's ultimate motives and egoism. i have no problem with how literal it is; to me it seems necessary to hammer home that this is his opinion on how the biblical events and characters should be viewed and is actually an effective rhetorical device in that regard. while there are certainly many ways to turn your opinion on an issue to film, the literalness works as a way to dress down the point by saying, alright, i will follow this perspective on an issue exactly, now see where we have gotten? the place you wind up using this method can be a way of showing an opinion by proving an alternative one unattractive. to me, darron uses this method to amazing effect here. obviously in the wrong hands this becomes ham-fisted but to me it just works to further reinforce.
I enjoy psychological horror and I liked the Witch a lot but I laughed my ass off with it as well. I don't think it's about being conditionated to jump scares I avoid any of those movies like the plague I do my research before watching a horror film but some decisions made in the Witch like the father being a useless person, some stuff with black phillip, starting with the name, don't come off as creepy for everyone.I've also heard that the kids were creepy for a lot of people but I found them pretty funny as well.
Jennifer Lawrence is the pinnacle of adequate
The term is doe-eyed, referring to deer. You pronounced it as doughy-eyed because you've been reading the phrase doe-eyed incorrectly for years in your head.  Hackfraud bullshit artists.  Great review though.
Mother nature and the virgin Mary are instances of the the same archetype.
Unrelated very serious question: Where the fuck is Rich Evans from?!?
Keep on ripping on the corporate BS movies redlettermedia. We love ya for it
I actually really liked this. Enjoyed it much more than that clownshoes shitstain that was It
So, the couple breaking the sink, resulting in everyone getting kicked out; was that supposed to be the Biblical flood?
so I read the reddit AMA with Aronofsky and holy shit he really is pretentious as fuck\nThe Wrestler was fantastic tho
Watch whatever whenever. The internet
Possession is highly recommended! Insane movie though..
I know very little about the Bible so I really enjoyed this movie.
Calling the allegorical elements obvious is really overestimating the intelligence of the average movie audience.  Pretty much the entire theater I was in left confused.
Paramount pictures didn't think they could sell Mother! well. They thought they could easily sell a straightforward horror movie with Jennifer Lawrence and thought they could make Mother! look like one.
The Witch was a fantastic movie and anybody who says otherwise can go get their nipple eaten off by a crow.
I hate the movie even more after you explained it!!! fuck that movie!!!
Jennifer Lawrence really is insanely talented .She is the only actresses who can express every human emotion with the same blank face , truly remarkable
Pretty surprised by Mike and Jay's vanilla reaction to this,\nI feel like film definitely has something to say beyond People are shitty to the Earth, it's a director's reflections of the violence and patriarchy inside the Bible and the culture surrounding it.\n\nIf you're looking to reduce the entire observations of this film into a neat little tagline, here you go, Monotheistic society readily worships it's holy father, a man in the stars we can't prove is there. However we neglect mother earth, our healer, nurturer and real giver of life, our home whose existence is undeniable yet we neglect her to the point of self destruction
but what was the yellow mixture
this gay wedding storyline goes on for way too long
I'm not religious so all the bible stuff went over my head, I just saw it as a movie about the creative process, and how your muse needs to go through a lot for your baby to be born (your creation). And that every time your muse is different so the process will also change. I really loved it.
You're either criticized for your symbolism being to obvious or too cryptic. Lynch had it right in my book. There's some clear symbolism, some cryptic, but overall most of his films are entertaining whether or not you get it.
Wow, I really must have been avoiding all details of Mother! before I saw it today.  I really enjoyed the film but I didn't catch the insinuation of Christianity as the allegory of all the events taking place in the film.  So, I guess I possibly enjoyed it more because it wasn't on the nose for me.
I thought it was pretty good. I like allegories, but it did have some problems with its own and I think they ended up clashing with each other a bit too much, and the Biblical stuff is a bit shaky too once it gets past the first half. It is also true that if you ignore the allegories and look at it on the surface, it kind of makes no sense. I do still think it works as a horror movie though. At least for me, the whole idea of your house slowly being overrun with unwanted rude guests who start fucking it all up brought a real sense of dread.
Posession? You mean that weird movie they sometimes put on late at night with that chick who has an affair with a tentacle monster?
This is the best movie in a long time, i dont understand the hate for it?
Glad I watched this before seeing the movie (still haven't watched it yet) I know nothing about the Bible and that stuff so would have had absolutely no idea what the movie is about and what is going on.
i need a do ya get it soundboard rn
I saw this at a Regal Theater and it was basically a full house. Theb about 20 minutes in I think 90% of the audience checked out. Lots of talking and laughing and phone usage. Though there were 2 middle aged women sitting behind me that may have come to see it just to riff on it, because that's what they did almost from the start.
D O  Y O U  G E T  I T ?
It's a nice christian film, Grandma
lol did anyone else see the trailer for this in theatres and it had one of those 2000s era dramatic male voice overs that more or less said THIS WILL MESS YOU UP
I actually really liked this movie
I'm starting to think these guys don't even know how to fix vcrs
OMG, 'The Possession' was sssooo f-ing pretentious. It is the stereotypical pretentious European film.
This is the first time I ever remember completely disagreeing with you guys. This movie was fantastic.
DO YOU GET IT?
A doey-eyed wife and a husband with writers block in an abandoned house. Sounds like its one psychic child away from becoming The Shining.
i think it's annoying to just say the film is just a retelling of the bible. I mean it does retell that story, but in a way that allows the audience to empathise with an interesting perspective. if anything, mother is an interesting exercise in story telling.
Thanks for telling me what I should be afraid of Jay
Amazing movie. Fuck every hater. Same pricks who bagged on the incredible The Fountain.
Mother is just creepy satanist shit disguised as Stylistic film, Aronofsky is a fucking HACK.
No one would go see the Shining today. What? Yes, it's Kubrick, but it's not a falsely advertised art film. It's a horror film. People will still give smart horror a chance enough for it to be profitable. The Witch for example did pretty well for its tiny miniscule budget.\
I think the movie works better if you watch it as a metaphor for the creative process, with the house as the work of art, her as the aspect of the artist in it for the art and him as the aspect of the artist in it for the adoration. The cyclic nature of the ending makes a lot more sense then. Sure there are biblical situations referenced, but ultimately they don't really say a lot.
I hated this film. Bored at start offended by the end. I'm not ashamed to say I found the baby stuff appalling and cruel. Fuck you Mother!
17:15 Guessing you haven't seen Westworld, then? Good stuff, check it out!
Can tell mother is pretentious cancer from the trailer.
Saw this at a matinee today and disappointed grandmas is an accurate description of most of the audience. \n\nAlso I had no idea going into it that the movie was supposed to be some sort of Biblical/environmental allegory. I kept thinking it was going to involve a Black Lodge-like alternate dimension. I've been watching way too much Twin Peaks lately.
So it's a pretentious movie about the Bible and humanity written by a Brooklyn cab driver and starring Jennifer Lawrence, okay.
Nothing better than non-Christians cynically using the Bible in an extremely transparent way to give their shitty ideas some perceived weight.
Exactly how I feel about it!! Now there's no need to post my own review lol.
Mum's Festival
human bad. no more human. earth good. stop human make earth bad.
um I literally thought Javier Bardem could have been outacted by a gay porn star
Search You Tube - A Night At The Opera: Crowded Cabin Scene - for a much more concise version, without the Bible stuff
Not a Danzig biopic. GET IT? Yuh, fucks!
At least Mother is an original film.......Oh wait, it's just another reboot, retelling of the Bible. Nevermind!!\n\n\nTrump is a gay clown with Herpes.
7:30 metalphores? Did Rich Evans posses Jay?
N-NANI?!
Spoilers! Jesus dies! No way!
Kudos for mentioning Possession.
Meh, I liked it.
Kikewood startles again, Hitler was right.
Babies are yummy.
Crap movie. Trite and pretentious.
22:40 wut...
doughy-eyed
I liked it.
Worst. Albert Brooks movie. Remake. Ever.
mother! is great.
Fuck you, I liked it.
Also your review of Jennifer Lawrence's acting is laughable. Only haters agree with you; the overwhelming majority of reviews say otherwise. Her performance is extremely nuanced. It is often eye movements and gestures and body language and tone in a part that is by design emotionally restrained until the end. That is the point. You need to look at her eyes. Extremely expressive performance. And since we are at it, how many different facial expressions do virtually any actors make in a part? It seems that you are so pressed to criticize that you came up with nonsense. And she did not go for it? Give us a break. You guys are not that bright but you think you are. That is tedious. Wannabe hipsterism. Hipsters are threatened by talent. Well too bad.
Well I liked it
The guy on the left is Mr plinket right
I wonder how these hacks feel about Taylor Sheridan movies. I get that they are probably too good and indie for a Half in the Bag review, but maybe they can make a show where they review good movies? This is kind of what re:View is, but maybe they could do the same thing with movies made in this millennium?
Why do you guys dress like janitors
i'm having a hard time telling what redlettermedia considers a good movie. just cuz mother is a movie with a lot of symbolism and biblical references, it's bad? while mike liked movies like jurassic world, a blatant piece of shit. i usually respect redlettermedia's opinion, but i'd really like to know what they consider a good movie. cuz if jurassic world is a good movie but mother is not, then i'm not sure what exactly these guys' priorities are.
Biscoff is dangerous. If you taste any of it you will have eaten the entire jar before you know it.
I’m gonna infuse chocolate chip cookies into the milk, add burnt butter and brown sugar to the custard, and make cookie dough ice cream!
I think that infuse the biscuits in the milk is a genius idea!!! Great Jemma :D
As someone who's never tried biscoff spread and who lives in a country where it cannot be found I would absolutely LOVE a biscoff recipe so that I can try it myself <3 Love your videos, Jemma!
Am I the only one who would freeze the left over biscuits and eat them?? Lol
Is that apron merch?!? Please can you release merch jemma!
Digestive biscuits 😍
Lotus speculoospasta, something typical from belguim😊! Love it. greetings from our small country belguim!
How am I supposed to dip this in my tea?
She speaks sometimes soooo fast so I think I am out of breath 😂
Biscoff a good tasty Belgian product. I eat it every morning for breakfast with bread. I eat the biscoff crunch. So njammy.
Α very good job!!!
Yummy
Yuuuum! I want some right now haha
Mmmmm delicious.. i want some :)
Yummy!
AAAH YES ICE CREAM
Cool idea
MashAllah
Surely that now just tastes of biscoff...
Hi Gemma i love your recipes
This looks so yummy!,
Hi jemma your very inspiring
Yum !!!!
1st
Was all like 'Yeah! So making this!'... then you pulled out an ice cream maker which is none existent in my life right now 😢 x
What do you do with the leftover biscuit mush?
Bij die volgende was echt nirt goed echtvies
Yemma show us a vlog with your boyfriend
hey ,sorry but do i hv to use ice cream machine? can i just freeze it bcz in my country , ice cream machine is quiete expensive
Can you do this if you haven't got a ice cream machine
Hey Jemma, your comments section is being hijacked by bloody idiots advertising other X-rated channels. Never seen this before. Can you stop it! They're pathetic creatures and don't deserve to breathe.
What ice cream maker brand and model did you use? :)
Hi Jemma, I have watched many of your videos and they are  amazing! One day i want to be like you and even better.I hope you get my message and answer it in your next video. 😍
Who knows why digestive biscuits smell so good when mixed with butter?
yummy and tasty biscuit ice cream  i want to meet with you and try all your recipes
Hi Jemma, could you teach us how to make digestive biscuits at home? I live outside the UK but I miss them so much, and so do allmy friends who have ever tasted them.
Here's something I wanted to ask for quite some time but never got around to. What happens with the leftover stuff? Like for example the soaked biscuits from the milk or the biscoff in the piping bag. Similarly you often seem to end up with a lot of leftover cupcake batter or icing and I really don't like wasting ingredients. Maybe that's a dumb question but do you make additional quantities or something like that with what's leftover or do you just throw it out?
What if you don't have an ice cream Maker, what do u do pls
I pray for myself, one day I will meet u in person! Thank you for inspiring me, as always! Love from Indonesia, Jemma! 💙
Aww Jemma! I was hoping to hear, ‘it’s a really fine... a fine mesh you’ve got me into haha’. Any other long time subscribers here? They’ll understand the reference. Love that recipe and video.
Is there anything you can do with the biscuits other than throwing them out after infusing the milk?
Everything homemade is better, plus u know whats going into it.
You don't use the speculoos pasta... I am dissapointed, that is why I clicked on the video. I still want to try the recipe though
SO need to give this a try!!! 😍
What kind of ice cream machine is that one?? I want it!!!
Biscoff alone is out of this world, so tell me how can I resist this ice cream one? 😭😍
I love u Jemma and I wish I could come to your shop but I live in Manchester not London 😟 but I'll come one day for sure
Oooh I'm gunna make this, but with bourbon creams...
Ooo good job, Jemma. You're #15 on trending in UK 🎉🎉🎉
Love you Jemma I look up to you with cooking you're amazing I just wanna meet you and eat all of your cakes!
Early!!!!\nThat looks good
Wow thanks for the ice cream inspirations!
Is it me or i'm learning so much vocabulary from here. Like Wacky, Ladleful, etc hahahaha
Hey 🦄 this is Lilly \nLilly has no friends \n1 like= 1 friend \nLet's see how many friends Lilly can get
If I come to UK I wish I could get the Jemma kitchen towel hanging at the back hahahaha
Ugh I love watching these videos 😛
Hey Jemma, I was wondering: If you wanted more of the biscuit milk to avoid diluting the flavor too much, could you maybe put the solids into a clean kitchen towel after the majority of the liquid has drained and squeeze more from it? Or do you think more solids may be pushed through the fibers of the towel or there probably wouldn't be enough liquid left to worry about?
What is that ring?!?  =)
What's the substitute for double cream? Heavy whipping cream?
Please make cakes based on Indian theme,green tea & red wine please
So sad and angry. Wrote a message here. And now i got all those girls who wanna show there body to me. First i'm a married woman and i'm not interested in some hot Girl or man 😩😖😤 Not funny
This is so inspiring ! \nMy friend linked me this cake site yesterday and i can highly recommend it guys, you get personal videos on recipes and how to prepare cakes for partys, weddings etc, and you get also a access to communication forum there you can ask the professional patissier for help, live! Iam so exited, give it a cake guys :D ! https://tinyurl.com/y7j2rm6s
This is so inspiring ! \nMy friend linked me this cake site yesterday and i can highly recommend it guys, you get personal videos on recipes and how to prepare cakes for partys, weddings etc, and you get also a access to communication forum there you can ask the professional patissier for help, live! Iam so exited, give it a cake guys :D ! https://tinyurl.com/y7j2rm6s
I don't mind using cream in my deserts but using milk is off putting. Would this work with soy milk?
i must be noticed to subscribe
Can we make. It without the ice-cream machine?
U should have used a cheese cloth to get the rest of that milk out!!
Would it be a bad idea to add a little bit of vanilla extract or essence to this ice cream? Would it effect the way it hardened or the consistency or something else strange that I've not thought of?
Is there a recipe for biscoff? I've never heard or seen it before😐😐.
But I don't have an Ice cream machine. What do I do
Recipes like this, makes me hate my dairy allergy. Because then I start rationalizing how much of this I could comfortably eat without needing to go to the hospital lol
Ugh...$233 for that model on Amazon. I know you buy the best, but are there cheaper cuisinart ice cream makers that give you the same results?
let's do some crowdfunding over the BootlegZone forums and get it!!
If the master tape is missing, and this acetate is the only copy that exists, then couldn't it be argued that the disc is the property of Calderstone/Apple? If they wanted to intercede and stop the sale, could they legally do it? And even if they did, would they be more or less likely to release it than the highest bidder?
They should release a new collection of curios like this. There's loads of stuff. It doesn't have to be a commercial project. Just do it via the website or even a net database like Springsteen and Neil Young are doing.
Shame on you for selling this. Things like this belong in a museum so everyone can enjoy it not just rich people.
Please release it... don’t hold the song hostage for a sale.
Do you have I call your name if it was recorded this early?
Not a snippet! Just a teaser. Give the world this great rendition of a piece of history. I demand thee!
Wow. Just Wow!
Awesome !
Holy crap.  Grail.
one word: awesome-tacular!!!
amazing
Quarrymen not Quarreymen
What else is out there.
Producer in public square on megaphone: Hey! Has anyone here ever ridden a bicycle before?\nRandy: I sat on my friend's bike once.\nProducer: You're hired!
I honestly can't tell if this is a joke or not
What the hell did I just watch
I love how spends all his time looking at the places he CAN'T go with this contraption
This is the worst thing I have ever seen. Why do we only see him riding for about 5 seconds at a time? Why is he wobbling endlessly in each of those 5 second clips? Why is he so slow? Why is the bike so damn heavy? And probably most importantly..... Just, why?!
Three words kill with fire
2 wardrobe changes and a near wreck in a promo vid...wow
this is without doubt the most cringeworthy, badly thought out product i have ever seen, with a video that is quite possibly worse...i hate sounding like a troll, but im just being honest.  it does look pretty cool but
This is fucking cringe worthy. Fire your marketing manager immediately.
EVERYONE, I give you future of cycling..........
good job bro all the haters are just coming from pinkbike dont mind them, they are mountain bike gear junkies so they get offended when they see this type of content
wow he sure is having trouble with those fields
Dude takes a lot of breaks for being on an ebike.
What in the fuck was that? Is this a joke?
Have you tards ever seen a real bike? This turd looks like it was based off a kids drawing. Fail.
good thing this contraption is not available for purchase... because the only thing worse than the bike was how it handled in that edit! oh, what was that actually edited, or did I just watch the outtakes
This give two options, the bike rides really bad and make it feel unsafe or the rider have had never touched a bike, either way make me want to steer even more away from it
Kill it with fire
He doesn't even look that tall, and the bike is super-short and awkward to pedal even for the test rider. Maybe they should take a cue from every bicycle made in the past one hundred years and integrate some method to adjust the seat height.
Damn! Dude at least pretend you're having fun! \n\nThat type of vids are not getting any sales for sure!
This guy rips it up! Radical dude.
Amazing video, shared: https://www.imbikemag.com/mountain-bike-news/2017/09/carbon-suv-e-bike-leave-the-road/
wtf is this hahahahaha ... just dump
Trash.
Worst video EVER......Defineatey NOT Hip Hip
great if you are 5 feet tall
This video is a piece of shit along with the bike.
I liked his hair.
Half an hour about Zoe's outfits! Yes please! xx
Waaah, you look amazing, Zoe!! I love the polka dot top and embroidered detail jean shorts look, in fact I love all of your choices! I have the same issue with gaping tops but my boobs don't look quite so good!! Great video lovely xx
Your hair scraped back looks stunning on you really suits you xx
OMG LOVE YOUUU
My mum went to superdrug today and bought me the big snowella body mist.  After school when she picked me up she gave to me and i was soooo happy. I love ur videos and i have been watching you for about 3 years now❤❤❤❤
I LOVE YOUR HAIR ON TUESDAY THE ZARA HEADBAND LOOKS SO GOOD XOXO
Skincare routine please?!
Such a missed opportunity to do an impression of Kim K I lost my diamond earring in the ocean Kim there's people that are dying 😫😂
Do not touch the read more !!!!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYou savage!!
Zoe I'm just scared of little fish that look weird. 😂😂😂 Best quote of the holiday. Pmsl
I feel like this wasn't just a diary of your holiday outfits but a diary of you getting more and more tan throughout the week! Looked very lovely and I loved all of your outfits! Glad you had fun :)
Those crazy colourful sandals are from a Greek brand!  Yeah
It's quite annoying how Zoe can literally pull anything off 😍😂
Guys it's nearly Zoella vlog as time !!!!🎄🎄🎄🎄
I really really really don't want to sound creepy but I wish I knew what brand Zoe's bras are just because I wish I had that kind of support! I mean the bras really make her bust look good, but that's a weird compliment to make. If somebody knows, help? Sorry for the weird comment
How do you get the perfect tan on holiday! I never tan :( ?
Only Zoe could make an outfit diary 31 minutes long 😂😂💓
I just returned from Greece and I hoped so much you will upload it before I leave 😭
This takes me back to the 2012 Zoella 😂
Love you zoe and I am proud of you because  I didn't feel like you were stressed because  of the plane or the flight 🖒🖒🖒 and you shouldn't any way
Zoe is just so lovely, in every way!
Love your style Zoe! Actually, love everything about you 😜❤️👍
Is she going to do vlogs
I also really love all your outfits ❤️ Cute
that is perfect timing Zoe. oh how I missed your vlogs (even tho it wasnt that long lol) having a bit of stressful time atm so this is my relief, thank you x
I don't enjoy swimming in the sea either!!! And I'm going to the beach in a couple of days
the last outfit made me cry with laughter , i rate it hahahah x
I have the same metallic bag as zoe in the last outfit! Love it so useful and cute
Actually lost my breath a bit when Zoe showed the black and white long jumpsuit! Like she looked SO STUNNING! 😱
I'm in love with your first little dress and your sunglasses!
love love love how creative you are with your fashion!! love you lots zoe
How long does it take for you to pack
Where is your furrow hoodie from that you were wearing in Alfie's birthday vlog xxxx
WHERE MY GREEKS AT
I enjoyed this video so much more than I first thought😂❤️
Zoe u all ways wear sommat stylish it's amazing I 💖 when u show us where ur clothes r from then I know that Iam shopping at the right shop 💗
You look amazing in everything! But oh my that striped jumpsuit is something else😍😍
I enjoyed the whole vlog!💖 love you Zoe😻💙
I loved this! Please do this style of video talking through a week of your everyday outfits.
Those underwater clips were so cool!🐠
I got so excited when I got a notification from you! <3
I loved your outfit choices x
Where's my Pittsburgh people
Love u Zoe your blogs make me smile and they are so happy and inspiring pls reply love u 💖💖💖💖💖🙊🙊😘😘
Your skin's looking great!
i love you so so much , thank you
Your makeup is always goals😩💕👑😍
You and alfie are so cute
I'm the 728 th to coment
Ya pretty early love u Zoe u probably won't read this but anyway
I've been to Mykonos it's so nice❤
The pink fluffy sliders are from primark I have the same pair they are so comfy ❤️
yaaaaas girl! Love it, keep it up! <3
You could just cut off the sleeves of the red and white dot dress xx
It's been bloomin ages don't do that to me again
20:20 I think is my faveeeeee😍😍😍😍 wich is hard to say
Hi Zoe!! For my 18th birthday, me and my family are going to London for 4 days and I would really like to know some of your favorite places in there that aren't very expensive or need reservation...\nThank you so much!! :)
Yaaa
Love all your outfits 😍😍
ooooooooooooo I just love the vlogs
Really like your style
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Her Pittsburgh sweatshirt!!! 😍😍😍
Ilysm 😍❤️❤️😍❤️❤️😍❤️
Mykonos..come fly with me...moses
Hellooo from Grecce💕💕
Love you Zoe❤️❤️
FALL LOOKBOOK PLEASE
LOVED IT ♥
lyyyyyyyy xxxxx
Love you loads xxxxxx
Zoe is sooooooo beautiful
where r u?
Love you Zoe and your videos, keep inspireing people
I like the red jumpsuit with leather sandals. Cute
Still loving the orange nailpolish-game <3
Loved this! Love the casual chattyness of it x
Zoe please do a video on how you did your slick back hair! I love it! 🙏🏻
I loved seeing this. I would so love you to do more fashion related videos Zoe. 💕
peolpe from abroad have much more fun in greece than us ...they come in our country greece and they have soooooooo much fun i wish i could travel to another country like spain or norway....
reppin the gentle monster sunglasses <3
Zoella you are amazing xxx❤️
Love thisss! 😍😍😍
Early......kind of
Yayyy loving the vlog and all the outfits!!!!!
Zoe those Nutella b-ready are in my local shop but I only found out today 😂❤️ Love this video as well ❤️❤️❤️
*I love your vlogs so much*
Please do a autumn/winter haul!!!!
Loving the styles ❤️❤️
I miss Zoe's discopants
zoeeeee ur gonna have tan lines on your face from ur sunglasses lol i rarely wear sunglasses on holiday because im self concious of that. love u sooooo much and am so disappointed i couldnt go to the sugg life and pb shop xxxxx <3
19:50 your hair and sunglasses remind me soooo much of Amber Davies from Love Island! Anyone else😂
Zoe! Idk if you will see this but for the red dress, maybe you can tie the sleeves around you or around your neck it would work?? You're pretty creative :) just an idea :) hopefully that makes you like it more
The Nutella b ready see sold back in Wales in Asda ❤
Hope you had a great holiday ❤️
31 mins of Zoe? HELL YEAH! Omgosh I’ve been waitinggggg 😍
Love that pink playsuit 😍
❤❤
Zoe uploads = drop everything
What country did u go to
This looks devine! I can't wait to try this, but we are having 92 degree weather and too hot for me to have soup! thanks so much for this awesome recipe.
Laura I would love for you to make chocolate dough like cinnamon rolls with maybe a peppermint filling for Christmas?
Laura I was unable to find this recipes ingredients by the episode number or by the name of the recipe on your site😢. Will it be there soon?
You're trending'
This would be great with a rotisserie chicken.
I can't find the actual recipe😕 I bought everything to make it but don't know how much of what lol
I made this recipe tonight! I found pre-seasoned fajita chicken breast x 1 lb, & just added 16 oz peach/mango salsa, 1/2 bag Trader Joe's frozen bell peppers , 14.5 oz black beans and 32 oz water. I served it over crunchy taco shells, crushed up. Everyone liked this 'soup'! Teens, hubby, and me! Easy to clean up, low fat, a little spice. I served it with mango fruit salad on the side and a dollop of sour cream on top. Was a Great Idea you shared! We Enjoyed Every Last Bite! And the scent of it cooking ~ OMG. Thank You! Yum...........We will save this meal idea for repeats! ; ) k
Looks so good. And those white bowls are super cute as well.
I have missed you i need to click the bell rn
Why don't you compete in Masterchef?
Can you cook the spicy chicken quesadilla soup by Campbells
what a great recipe for fall and winter!!! cant wait to make this!!
I looks delicious Laura, I love soups so I’ll definitely try this one
It looks hardy and filling, thanks for sharing
I got here from food wishes
congrats on the weightloss, you look amazing!
Laura I can't wait to try this soup 🍜 😋 so delicious mouthwatering
Hey Laura! Can you please show us how to make hokkaido cupcakes? pretty please😊 Thank you!
Does anybody just watch these to gain an appetite?
Hi Laura, great job on being#30 trending video on YouTube.
Y U M. Colder weather here, we're making this.
I see why Americans are all obese 😂😂😂😂
In case anyone is looking for authentic Mexican food. It doesn't contain Cumin lmao
What size is that Dutch oven ? 6qt? Or bigger??
The soup looks realllllly good! I also want to know where the bowls are from! Love them!
Laura in my bed
I cannot find measurements of ingredients
Thank you for sharing!!!!!!!!!! I'm gonna try to do it this....
Recipe looks good but here is a better one from the Southwest..do everything she does except don't buy the jar stuff...use one can 10oz Rotel tomatoes with chilies. Also, make a roux first...then add chicken stock. Add Monterey jack, cheddar, a pint of 1/2 and 1/2. \n\nRecipe is from full moon Cafe in Oklahoma! Best chicken fajita soup ever..
What were the spices you used?\nSeems like that would be the most important part of the recipe.
Watching this delicious soup on first day of fall.
This looks delicious... where is the white bowl(s) from? I love this one!
Love that you gave the time and temp options for the slow cooker as well... makes it easy for meal prepping so I can cook one of your recipes on the stove while I have another in slow cooker :-)
Yum I will def be making this but with thigh, so much more flavour and not stringy
Perfect for this random gloomy LA weather thank you!!
can you please show us how to make dutch stroopwafels? :)
You should have shown us the chicken before you too it out.
I just saw you on Bobby Flay!!!!!! I was so excited lol
This looks delicious, but somehow I think the taste  is like chili because of the ingredients and the spices. Thanks, Laura I really enjoy your recipes, a friend from the USA recommend your channel and already 4 years I am a big fan and I bean learn English so I can write here, Is no perfect but anyway!!
Looked great until the black beans. Any subs?
I have most of these ingredients at home. Oh yea, making soup tomorrow
beautiful Laura...you have me drooling again...I can almost smell it..................pat
This seems perfect for fall, cold, and rainy weather. Thanks Laura
Girl...you had me at black beans. This is so gorgeous, can't wait to try :)
I am looking forward to this soup.
Why aren't you on the Food Network?
Laura. girl you made another amazing dish just made it for my self !! So good. \n\nI have a question can you make pesto lasagna I think it called Verdi lasagna. My friends made it for me in Italy and it was amazing!! But I look forward to getting your recipe.!  Kept it up. Have fun in Italy 🇮🇹
Thank you. I'm going to try this only use kidney beans instead I love your recipes.
Show us how big Mia has gotten!!
You can also make this with kidney beans
Hi Laura very nice 😊 need to try it...
Laura post the recipe !!! I just went and bought all the ingredients but what do I do now ? I know I'll mess it up 😂😂
Honestly Laura cracks me up I love this channel
im gonna make this in my instant pot on friday! :)
Where did she get the Dutch oven cuz I need one :)
Faith and foodies. Please watch and subscribe to my latest episode!!
Mmmmm can't wait to try this recipe when it cools down 😋 btw I love your insta stories ! Lol
Laura your channel feels like home
Wow. I am loving this camera. Never surprises how much of a difference it's making to the program.
Now i can't wait for winter...JUS FOR THIS SOUP 😋
How tp make that salsa at home bc its not available in our country in so much variety
YUM!    I make Chicken Fajita Soup my 6yr old loves it! The difference is I use chili beans instead of black beans and I add a can of corn and a can of petite dice tomatoes, going to try with the salsa next time I make it
Hey Laura, where can I get that red pot you have? I want to buy it :)
This looks amazing!! I'm definitely making this one!!!
Love this dish.And it's one of those recipes that you can get versatile with.
Making in my slow cooker for dinner tonight, house smells wonderful.
If you're impatient and don't have a lot of time get an Instant Pot. ;-)
Hi Laura, the soup looks great. I'll have to try it one day for my family. I was wondering when you was going to give us an update on Mini Laura it would be great to see how much she has grown since the time you introduced her to us. I am only subscribed to your YouTube channel. I don't do any other social media sites. Just asking. :-) BTW...can you do a chimmy chaunga recipe( However its spelled...lol)
Very good. I like it
Looks wonderful, thank you very much Laura for posting👍
Please, do some more one pot and slow cooker recipe?
Your videos have the best resolution I've ever seen.
Laura, can you make a lamb recipe please??
Você é muito simpática
ummmm...looks great
Make Menudo next!!!
Add hominy for extra flavor, diversity, and servings!
Trending 62k views lmao what a joke
That looks really delicious😛 yum!
Yum
How did you thinly slice the chicken breasts?
Laura's👁👁are gorgeous❤️😍😍
Love your soup!! :)
Beautiful baby
Looks amazing
Omg. she lost so much weight 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
hello beautiful Laura🌹😘 I wanna taste your chicken fajita soup tonight..👍 Looks yummy😋
Mmmmm
Looks yummy. Can u do buffalo chicken frittata
Yummy
MAGICAL INGRIDIENT\n\nUNICORN POOP😂😂😂😂😂🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄
Looks great!!
That looks good!!
Fantastic.
Laura, where can I find those bowls?  Those would be great to have this winter for soups and gumbo.
Perfect for winter.. can’t wait to try .. but how can I substitute chicken to a veggie version..?
My fish died:( like I’m dead serious:(
Or on high, for 46 hours.......okay.. If you say so... XD 3:23
Looks soo good but sooo much sodium
Is she pregnant?
This one's a ghost story AND a bad date story in one!\nHEY GUYS I'M CURRENTLY ON BOOK TOUR & IT'S ALMOST SOLD OUT COMPLETELY so if you wanna come, make sure to grab a ticket ASAP! A couple stops you have to get a wristband day of, so check the site for deets!! IN OTHER NEWS, the first week of sales is CRAZY IMPORTANT for the NY Times Bestseller list, and you guys know that's my ddreeeaaammmm, so if any books sold by saturday counts towards it <33 ILY SO MUCH, TY FOR SUPPORTING ALL MY WILDEST DREAMS!! See ya tonight, Dallas! See ya tomorrow, Tampa!
Holy crap yah that's accurate 100%  I sometimes have those strange dreams
I wish we could talk faceto face ive had to many paranornal experiences
I got chills in my body when you told this
Gabi was one of my faverouite youtubers! But not anymore.. She was rude to another youtuber called heyimbee. You can search on youtube Gabishow being rude to heyimbee.Rude bitch. I'm gonna unsubscribe
Haven't watched a video of yours in a while but I can see you've losses a lot of weight and I wanted to congratulate you
Gabbie if you see this, your grandmother shape shifting means the guy was hiding something or not what he seemed. beyond being jobless. your grandmother was warning you about something from him.
being able to barely see her bra through her shirt is my aesthetic
I feel you with that dimension felling!!!! I thought I was the only one and that nobody would understand. Like it was INSANE. I have the same thing with my dreams when I am aware of what's going on! 😂
ok let it be known that mental illness is a thing and you feel compelled to seek help please do.
Haha weird I saw this a year ago now it's up again
she looks so good in this video
Peaches and Cream\nSweeter Than Sweet\nChocolate Cheeks\nAnd Chocolate Wings\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWas I the only one that thought of Blood Sweat & Tears?
im sorry but i laughed so hard when you went \nshe whipped around and said, 'HAUH?' 
the scared me when she said do we all  get torchured
But you're technically unemployed....
Gabbie, you're the only person on YouTube who can tell a good ghost story. 😍
I looked through my recommended videos and I was like OMG GABBIE MADE A STORYTIME!! **fangirls**
every time she says dream take a shot
the end had me laughing
Have you ever read the books WAKE, FADE, AND GONE these books are about this girl and she is gets sucked into people's dreams either on the bus or if she's walking outside and someone is sleeping in their house and the window is open and she is instantly sucked into their nightmare/dream.... Anyways read this book it is amazing it's by Lisa McMann
Heyy it's pretty cool that you involuntarily astral projected
She's so pretty in this vid but you can see her bra That bothers me
Who's staring at Gabbie's boobs while watching this 🙋🏽
Everyone I am subbing to anyone who can prove they follow Gabbie
Help me get to 600 on insta follow me @sammy_is_queer
The first video got me scared and this one got me scared too 😭😭 its just the description of the dream that had me shook
False awakening and a lucid dream mixed..its weird..just had one of these the other day..
That gave me chills and I'm already cold.
Gabby I have thought about this for so long. I swear you and your sisters are witches or something. Like Charmed or something but the first time you told a story I was like yup she is a witch.
I really miss story time videos!!
I just had this conversation with my mom about being paralysed in sleep. When I was a kid I would have night terrors and awful visions. Whenever I would fall asleep I would wake up in a dream my eyes could move under my eyelids and my brain was conscious. As the dreams went on it got darker and horrifying, digusting, I would be crying with my eyes closed. I would eventually be able to pry up my one arm and force apart my eyelids. Now I do not sleep due to those fears, or I never have dreams when I sleep I keep waking up over and over. I can not believe you are talking about something similar just a few days later. I hope to get a sleep study soon, any similar experiences?
this is creepy as fuck
she looks so pretty with a choker and that bun... 😍
honestky what an extra great grandma coming from the afterlife to tell u to dump ur jobless boyfriends😂😂
I have missed ur story times sm 😭😭😭 i💜 this sm
Hey, I just wanted to let you know that I have been going through a divorce lately and been really down. Your videos have REALLY kept me going and laughing. I just wanted to say thank you for all that you do, and you're an amazing woman <3
You've told this story before
Make merch with the sentence: Something is being printed, in a text bubble
I think it's the 1912 Malesses Flood from Massachuessetts because that happened once
UH I LOVE THAT YOU HAVE 'OUT LOUD' PLAYING IN THE BACKGROUND YASSS
Does anyone want to be YouTube friends and support each other?!  Ps. Love your story times, Gab!  They’re so fun to watch
Is it bad that I have had a dream like that about my pappaw?
I was so surprised, full on chills, trying to hold in my laughter, and uncontrollably balled. I sound like a cry baby. Anyway.. Gabs, I have the same thing going on. Like, the future visions, dreams about dead relatives, and ghosts.
I would love to date you lol
So you had a dream.... 🙄
I love Gabbie's song already but REALLY hearing the beat and melody just adds more love. I know she is more about lyrics but I'm more about the melody and the song has such an amazing track to back up the powerful lyrics and it just makes me so happy to listen to it everytime. Great job Gabbie! Keep up the amazing projects I have loved them all.... also the book's amazing too just fyi
U were probably seeing things bc u miss her............I watched when u called ur sister damn that was weird let's just say that's what it is...and u use good vocabulary
I just think gabbie has been watching too much stranger things! Jk I believe you!
Ok YouTube is freaking high, I've been subscribed to Gabbie for a loooong time and IT MADE ME AUTOMATICALLY UNSUBSCRIBE LIKE WTF YOUTUBE
You forget how completely STUNNING gabbie is.
Ill take you out on a date. shoot a text.
Gabbie, I don't see how you're single.\n\nIf you were bi and I was like 8 years older...
OMG THIS IS CRAZYYYY!!!! Also she looks so pretty!!!
go out with shane
out loud in the background <3
I had a really scary ass dream I felt like I had to always fall asleep in the dream the creepy lady with like ok it was kind of like she's been electric hair all pointed up I can't explain but she was looking at me and my sister and walking around us ( this is the end of it not the whole dream lol) I had a idea so we ran to the front room sleeping on a couch/chair(that's when she started to walk around us when we where asleep) and I woke up and then I woke up (so how I wake up in dreams is by falling asleep in the dream) and I actually cried myself to sleep
Gabbie tell your great grandma to switch her inter-dimensional service provider, turning into pieces of mosaic art is always the problem with cheap contacting services.
I'm not like the biggest fan of gabbie but I subscribed because her videos are entertaining and funny and plus I just came from  Lele pons channel and she is god-awful as a person and a content creator and has more subcribers
I Dont post snapchats because A i know it wont last long cuz Hi Its Me.\nGabbie Hanna 2k17
Litteraly one and a half minutes in and I haven't been able to comprehend the video because I'm too focused on jamming out to the back group music from Out Loud😂
Just watched an old Gabbie video and I realized how much more I love the blonde! Why are you so cute?!
Gabby the same thing if I can not wake up in my dream I'm usually in a nightmare and those nightmares is loosing the people who I love and I have never told no one that I have had nightmares like that
Hi Gab uh..\n\n\n\n\n\nWE HAVE THE SAME BDAY
You look so pretty today gabby
you doing good things👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 keep going
I love how her song is playing in the back 😂❤️
I just love this girl so much!
Omfg....you are so gorgeous. I dont understand why you always talk about your weight or just some body features you want to change. I would literally kill to have your body, I think your weight is everything, youre just so damn gorgeous. \nAlso your hair is goals.\nDont point out your flaws you rarely have any you are just so damn pretty.💓💓
Who else thinks gabby is literally beautiful so many people say she’s ugly and he nose is big but no she loves herself (just like you should she’s a inspiration) he nose is perfect and she’s amazing and awesome she made me be more confident with anything you are amazing Gabby love you
YOU ARE SO BEAUTYFUL
OMG look at 9:37
LOVE YOU!!!
Gabbie is so beautiful🌹
Why did ur grandma turn into Shrek XDXD
Daaamamamamnns
Gabbie's blue bra!!!! 😍😍😍😘
Omg u look so great
you look so skinny!!!
Do another story time pls
GABBIE I MISSED YOUR STORY TIMES!!
DAAAAMNNN GABBY! LOOKIN' GOOD!! 💪🏻💥
Wtf
React to Mirandas out loud cover to your song
What???????
Plz more story time
Your hair😍 You look happy gab
Gabbie you are soooo beautiful
Omg, Gabbie you look so pretty!
Kys
O...M...F...G
GABBIE LOOKING LIKE A FULL COARSE MEAL
gqbbie you need to react to mirandas sing cover frome your music
So sad! 😥sorry gabbie!
Sleep paralysis is basically virtual reality.
U look so pretty
Gabbie's grams is savage
10:16 who else saw that nose pick? 😂
I've done some research,\nSo, first off, we'll go with both of you had the same dream. Which means something similar strikes the part of brain to remember. Then, you seem to see a relative Die But, nothing that I researched has come exactly to what you're describing, the only thing was that, Author stating, If you dream of a relatives death, it would surely mean you both have a very strong relationship, but could be broken easily, like say,  _death_ So, this covers only few of what you're describing. This is unnatural and could take days to find out. But I have a busy schedule and try to find this out.\nLike so gabbie can see.
SHOW YOUR TITTIES
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
I've been finding a good cover of this song finally found it 😍😍
I like both of the original version and this version <3 \nThe girl has a great voice, you know :D I'm so proud that I knew your channel, Kurt. <3
Alicia you voice so so beautiful!! I like it☺
not bad but you ruined the song in its feeling. However kudos to the efford, quality and voice. Still, doesnt mean you successfully deliver the song (before anyone trash talking to me, remember you can appreciate artists, love them but that dont mean you could be blind)
she looks like bella thorne before her meltdown
Love it Kurt you are soo god  i have take a cover of this song to. Not as good as this but hope you're guys will check it out
Holllyyyy crepe! I followed my heart, thought it would lead to the kitchen, but here I am. My spatula nearly flipped when it saw this video! XDXD
nice one.\nis that one of the king the king band yea?
please do a divide (ed sheeran's new album) mashup!! 😊😊💖💙
If Grimmie the one who is singing...\n(Team Grimmie Rawks.)\nMiss her voice...
This cover made me cry,it's beautiful
Absolutely amazing guys. I love listening to your covers.
I always love ur covers can u make a cover of airplanes in the nightsky  without the rap version
THIS IS PURE TALENT MY EARS R BLEEDING OF HAPPINESS ,JUST HOW AMAZING HER VOICE,U GUYS   AND ALL THE EFFORT U GUYS PUT IN THIS IS PURE TALENT
HOW IS KURT PLAYING A KEYBOARD AND A PIANO AT THE SAME TIME, MUSIC MAGIC!
loved this version. all of them are truly so talented!!
been waiting for this... and aaaahhhhh... it's sooo worth it... <3
I'll be honest, I fangirled a little when I saw DMF
DMF! So happy and surprised to see him in this!
Dusk till Dawn please 🙈🙌
Dusk till dawn please ❣️
Once again, Theres Kurt playing 2 pianos (keyboard too) And yet here I am I can't get one key to sound like harmony...
Please Do an Avicii or a Calvin Harris mashup next!!!
I usually don't like this song, but YOU MADE ME LOVE IT.
❤❤❤❤❤
Ps & Qs
music is too loud where we cant hear the voice al the time....
Please, cover Akad :)
I got Goosebumps 😲
Do Symphony
Amazing voice!
좋댜
Beautiful as always Kurt. Think it's time for you to sing a song 😊
She sounds like Madison Beer in some parts
Kurt your amazing! I too made a cover of this song! So heart touching...Please check out my version at my channel DeeMusicOnline :)
Never heard this song before.. But great job on the song and video.. That drummer tho.. :) so much passion in his playing!! :) <3 Would LOVE to hear DMF sing on the next video of a KHS production maybe? :)
I love this singer❤
I love this so much then the original I have chills
i think this song sounds better with just a piano.It's supposed to be sad and raw
I was waiting for this cover Kurt I really like this song. I love what you do because your covers are never like others' I don't mean that the other ones are bad but you make something different for each songs that's why I love you \nxx
i wish i was half as talented as kurt
Always good covers with KHS and makes me aware of performers I haven't heard of previously to check out.
Alicaaa you're back on Kurt's channel!!
This is sooo good! I can't stop listening to it!
SOOO much better than the original!
This is the best cover that i have ever heir !
They need to wear shoes n not socks... Lol sorry
Kurt, do a feature with William Singe. I have been waiting forever for that
Sing  the cover of Zayn - Dusk Till Dawn
AWESOME!!!! as always. What's with the secret word thing though? btw, is that the kitchen in the background?
Hey guys I did a cover of this song too do check it out on my channel if you can
The guy on the drum and shake is totally try harding :P
Lyrics\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Great Cover! If someone reads this comment, it will make my day. I'm an aspiring musician 17 and new to YouTube and I promise that I have what it takes. Come watch my newest cover - this song! - and support me in achieving my dream 😊
Would have been better if they recorded it in a KITCHEN....\n\n\n\nI hate myself.
Learning this on bass ☺😊💞 sound so good ☺this reminds me of my best friends who i dont talk to anymore becaude of some reasons . He has lied to me ,broke my heart and broke me .
This sounds so good. Every time before the original version I hear the Kurt version 😃👌🏻👍🏻
Could you cover the song Long As I Get Paid by AGNEZ MO? Thanks :)
I'm crazy about your voice 😍💗
Say Selena 10 times \nClap 5 times\nPost this on videos\nCheck your voice
you have such a beautiful voice! truly wonderful to listen to you sing!
Wow, that worked well, what a fab version. I stumbled across this channel and glad I did. Subbed, liked and look forward to more :-)
I would just like to say that I discovered this yesterday and listened to it for 15 minutes straight and am now choreographing to it😍😍😍
OMG THIS IS AMAZING!!😍😍\nI made a cover of this song too :)
c'est super bon Alicia continues ce que tu fais!!
Это чертовски офигенно
Love this song. Love you guys!
Fantastic!!
Hi sorry for the self promo but I’m a 14 year old and I just uploaded a cover of this amazing song. I’d be so grateful if anyone would check it out:)
I'll b right back need to get some food from my kitchen
Love this! And loved seeing Kurt playing the piano while wearing socks ; )
Beautiful as always 💓
Clickbait...she looked like Peyton List😂
Omgg😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️
The best! xxxx
Awesome!!!
THIS! IS! SO! AWESOME!!!!
カッコイイ演奏！ボーカルだけ女の子だっ、撮影用プロジェクターで反射するせっかくの金髪が綺麗なだけど、なんか時々ふわふわ演奏にチラつく､彼女の髪の毛結ぶか又は非常にカットしたいです。（笑   (日本語のまま失礼しました。)
well done
kitchen 💖
too much autotune on kurt's fingers smh
Hi
please cover dusk till dawn by zayn malik
;)
Kurt wearing those sexy socks.
Nancy Mulligan cover by Ed Sheeran \nPlease
Wowww, amazing!!💗💗
Love this!!
Muito bom!!! Adoro a diversidade dos sons do Kurt
Amazing!! ❤😍 One more subscriber..
Awesome 😃😃😃😃😃
nice music video. ilove it
This guy deserves 10.m subscribers.
❤️😍❤️😍❤️😍❤️
Wow so qt voic I lop it
Si j'pouvais aimer la vidéo 100x, j'le ferais!!!❤️
Où sont les québecois qui la suivent depuis qu'elle est passée à lavoix? :)\nGros love du Qc !
Dusk till dawn next. Pls 💗
Please make a cover of 'Dusk till Dawn' by Zayn Malik and Sia!!!
WHOS DIGGIN THE FALL LOOK?! I cant wait to film more OMG!
i swear your eyebrows have gotten better
Yesss I need more tutorials
Yaaaas queen more tutorials!!!
finally a makeup tutorial!!
Snap fam!!!!
Tutorials are my favorite!
Mmmmm coño 😂😂😂😂
🍂🍁🎃🍂🍁🎃🍂🍁🎃🍂🍁🎃🍂🍁🎃
I fucks with tutorials
I love fall
Work it intro 🤗💛
do a q&a soon
I love tutorials !!!!
Follow for follow instagram camiiiifernandaa
Pleassseeee more tutorials😩 ❗️❕
Your gsy
Busted ass makeup
i love the cranberry vampy look!
so sickening
I totally splurged and ordered this palette because of this video! 😍😍 keep doing tutorials I’m in love with the loooks you come up with! Especially with pops of color on the lid and bomb ass fall looks 😩😍👌🏼
I still love tutorials!! Jeffree's are so entertaining. I have watched most of them at least twice. I also like the grwm collabs. It's a new season! We need new color combo ideas!
I've been using Huda's palettes non-stop. I'm so obsessed with them .
This is my new fall look
I was thinking the same thing about the tutorial thing. Like I love the review videos but sometimes a girls wants to have a new makeup look lol.
Manny PLEASE don't stop doing tutorials, I live for watching them. Even if there the GRWM videos.\nThis is what the MUA on the end of your name means and I'd hate to miss out on your beautiful looks!!!!!
take a shot every time Manny says intense
Manny , u just like me I love hoodies
I love tutorials!!!! I would rather have this than a review
Ahhh obsessed with this look! Fall is my favorite season!!! Thank you for this!
That is litteraly the best look I've seen this fall I'm so subscribing
You are right nice to see different stuff you are doing good
I love tutorials!😍 that’s what got me into your channel 😁
I personally love watching tutorials because you give me so many different ideas on looks, I prefer to see a tutorial over a review, but I'm just one person. I love you so much Manny Mua!
I love your look ! That lip looks fantastic . Also I think your totally right about there hardly being any tutorials out in the makeup world . There are mainly reviews now . I’ve seen literally almost no tutorials in YouTube recently .so kudos to you for seeing that and giving us one 😘
Lol “ooooo who is she though? Fuck” 😂😂\nI live for these videos!! Love love love!! ❤️❤️🍂🍁🍂🍁
I personally love when you do tutorials becuase i feel like its showing off your style especially when it's laid back and you just talk about life and your opinion I love you manny you inspired me to be me without an apology
No I love both!!!! And u always have the best look going on. Love how u describe it as u go. Tutorials & reviews help a lot. Cuz I don't know shit about makeup. So this helps a whole fuken lot!  😍😍😍 p.s. love Hocus pocus!!
I’m thinking about dressing up as red riding hood. Can you please do a make up look inspired by her? Thanks 💋
I love the lip!!!!!!!!
Please keep the Tutorials coming!!! I love the reviews. However, I LOOOOVE Tutorials even more!!!
I've missed your tutorials!! Thank you love for posting it! I've missed ya! XX
I LOVE tutorials. more please!
Manny... I LOVE your tutorials. I'm makeup challenged. In otherwords, I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. But I try my best. I love, love, love you Manny. You and your videos make me feel more confident as I go along and learn. You help out us makeup challenged. Love you Manny...keep up the good work.
Honestly don’t care about the views or anything. Film what makes you happy. Ill be here to support you no matter what. CUZ YOURE FUCKING QUEEN BITCH
who thinks he should do a cheating prank with jeffree star boyfriend nate
I really enjoyed the video! And you're funny
OK MANNY I SEE YOU👀👀😍😍 first off i LOVE that you add bloopers at the end now there great😂 anyway I agree more tutorials but that dosent mean I don't like your reviews there's just been a lot lately but I know that you've been going to makeup things and getting products so u wonna do a review! No matter what u post tho just know I'll be watchin! Love u Manny💜
I love reviews. It gives us an idea of products can work for us. I saw this video pop up and I forgot to watch it, but I actually went through timeline to look for this video just because it a vampie look & I wanted to know what lip color you were wearing.
Lol I didn’t find this grungey
That looks really amazing! I couldn't pull it off. Also, I just want to say, thank you so much for making videos. Your content makes me smile and helps me practice. You are a bright light on Youtube!
I've missed the tutorials!! I always go to YouTube to see whatchu guys got going on rn in the makeup world and get ideas of how I wana do my makeup for the night. But no ones been posting tutorials as much lately, so it's nice seeing tutorials being posted.
Shave your 5 o'clock shadow before making a makeup video
I love tutorials. I miss them so much.
YAAASSSS, BABY! Living for this look, amor ♥️
I love tutorials. I have watched hundreds! Every one is different and I find new techniques or color combos with each one. You crack me up!
You should make more tutorial
I used to seek out the tutorial videos and will still watch and enjoy them, but honestly I'm kind of over the reviews now.  It seems like everyone reviews the same product at the same time, and says the same things.  And frankly, the comment sections are so full of hate lately.  :-(   The videos I really enjoy now are the GRWM's just because I feel like those are more a conversation.  That's just my opinion.
Manny reminds me of Chris from Yuri!!! on Ice.
Please do a look using cats pajamas!!!!! 😻
I also love tutorials no matter whattt especially when new products come out they are always helpful and you can actually see the look and decide if you really want something or not! Yay for more fall tutorials! 👌🏼🙌🏼🍁🍂💛
Soooo beautiful!!
Same look
More tutorials please!!😊
Please do more tutorials!!!
please please please do so pigmented t-shirts!!!
SLAY!!!!
Love how the entire time it was about views. Yet when you review something you jefree and Laura do it on the same two days.
I do love tutorials! I think the reason why they might not get as many views is because most tutorials are not planned out. Like I know most ppl choose I few things they wanna use, but then they tell us their just gonna wing it and have no real plan for the tutorial or how it's gonna look. So it doesn't feel as though there is much effort put into it and I know a lot of ppl are petty and aren't gonna watch something to give someone money for just sitting down in front of the camera and doing whatever. It makes the person not feel as professional bc their pulling the makeup look our of their ass? I hope that make any sense! In contrast, reviews are well thought out and take time to come up with (unless it's a first impression) so it seems more professional and thought out.
I love tutorials!!!!! It's fun to see reviews and the weird makeup items on the market, but so few of us are likely to actually go out and buy those or be able to afford them that after a certain point I just get bored. But tutorials I can recreate with my own products, and it shows your true artistry and talent as a makeup artist first and foremost--which is why I watch you! xoxo!!
oh my gosh you so pretty with and without makeup i would say im jelouse but i dont wear makeup i have an effin baby face
Goddamn I need this palette nowwww~.  This look is STUNNING holy shit. Give us more tutorials, Manny. Loving it. Especially more grungy ones like this, I live for this stuff. <3
More tutorials!! & how tos! Teach me how to blend to the gods
views still at the hundred thousands after 5 days.
the fall look so amazing ..im not so into makeup  really but ur killing them looks .. the bloopers tho lol
More Tutorials!!!!😍
Yassss ❤️😍
I live for this look!!!! Yasss Manny come on with the fall tutorials!! You always come through with the bomb ass looks! Love you 💜
I like when you do a product review (especially shadow palettes) like you did here.  I'm not as into the silly games and challenges.
Honestly, I prefer to watch tutorials. Seeing 100 reviews on the same products gets pretty old pretty fast.
I want to see some forest green lipstick on you,  babe and see what you pair it with for the eyes
reviews are great but tutorials are great for us to learn and to try new looks! way better than review videos!
I like to watch people apply makeup, idk why but it's kinda relaxing
I love these makeup tutorials. Sometimes I get sucked into the hype and buy a brand new makeup pallet with great reviews and once I get my hands on it---it's like I don't know what to do!!! Please don't ever stop making these type of videos!!! They'll never get old!!!
Love it! I’m pale though so I haven’t been able to grow big enough balls to wear darker shades! How do you tell what works for your skin tone and what doesn’t?
i love tutorials SHUT UP
Can you come to Sweden and be my personal mua? :D Damn you´re so GOOD...I´m just lost for words...yeah
So beautiful 😍 I love tutorials. You should definitely do more. 💛💛💛
I prefer tutorials because I can't always get a new weird product that comes out. I live for a tutorial because I'm not good at makeup at all and my soul is just dying to get better. Lol
love the turorial!!! digging the look so muchhh <3 p,s though love, 'OUD' is an arab word and is pronounced as 'ood' <3
Love your tut !! I learn so much \nAnd reviews are great but if I can't afford or get the products I don't get them so it's kinda not helpful to me sometimes
Red n Purple just go perfectly together <3
Loving the Fall look! I'm all about some Fall weather, so keep the Fall tutorials coming!🎃
Manny, please don't ever stop making tutorials for us! It's like having a little personal Manny Family time! Your videos/tutorials always cheer me up <3
More tutorials pleaseee! Too many reviews up in here....!!
🍂🍁🍂🍁🍂🍁🍂🍁🍁🍂🍁🍂 love this look I can't wait to recreate when I get it for my birthday! Honestly love ur reviews xx
Hi manny! I like tutorials but I think if it's combined with like a q&a or chit chat get ready it makes it a lot more interesting!
I really miss tutorials!!!!! Don’t get me wrong I love reviews and all the cool “lets test this weird makeup product” type of videos ,etc. but lately I find that those are really the only videos that anybody’s been doing nowadays. Tutorials are my FAVORITE videos to watch and the reason why I started REALLY getting into makeup as well as start my own beauty channel . I’m not saying that tutorials are the ONLY videos that anybody should be doing but it would be nice to see channels spice it up and have a mixture of reviews, first impressions, AND tutorials as well as whatever other videos a YouTuber wants to make. But that’s just MY personal opinion! Many wont agree with me and that’s okay but many others will agree with me and that’s okay too!! Everyone is entitled to their own opinions and tastes in videos and thats great but I would personally like to see more tutorials !
I prefer GRWM videos and tutorials more than the other gimmicky stuff. I'd like to learn how to get the looks that you put together so thank you and I'm ready for more!!
I love and miss tutorials!!!!
Tamar😍😍😍😍😍sing for the gods then bae💙
Guys let’s keep streaming So Tamar Can win the Grammy she deserves
You guys have no idea how long I've been waiting for this song to come out 😍😍 the girl can sing
In love I can definitely relate
Listen to my cover of this song on SoundCloud . ❤️😊 . https://soundcloud.com/jayesoundsbyjaye/blind-tamar-braxton-a-capella-cover
She Is So Underrated...It's So Crazy.
I just told myself i was gonna give her a chance..and this is the frst song i pick....Im in love already
yesssss i love when she says When I Saw Yo Ass That Night
Such a beautiful song 😍 I relate so much to it I feel like I couldve wrote it myself, sheesh 😳😩😩 Tamar's voice is beautiful. Great job boo! ❤
I hope Tamar gets an award for her music she is most definitely worthy of an award when they do awards
OMG how we hate auto tune and you don't even need it! c'mon girl!!
I don't like this one Tamar
Sing Girl. Let's get Tamar back to number 1
I feel a Grammy nomination coming up again with this album, won't he do it!
She will be going against Sza in the Grammys In the R&B categories and that makes me sad.
Tamar !!!!!!!!!!!!!!I Love you.True Fan of all you do!!!!!!!All smiles.
so this is really her last album????? She has an amazing voice. I love her so much. I am a TRUE Tamartian!!!!!!
her voice is amazing💐
Tamar you are Da shit!!! your vocals are off the walls!!!! and you give us that heart wrenching music we so love and miss in this day and age. it is definitely not time for you to be hanging up  the towel, especially since you have fought for this for so long. But we understand that family is important to you than the music business. you truly are a gift and I'm really sad that this is your last album. but for the bowout I do pray you get that grammy for best R&B  vocal performance  you truly deserve it. who? in the game right now can sing like that or hold a torch to you. you are truly loved by many and have touched and  inspired many.❤❤❤
Voice pure💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
😘😘😘😘💋🙌🏽
😍
Sing Tay Tay....Omg ur voice sounds  so organic!
10s across the board!!!
No words😮😮😮😮😮😮😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😀😀😀😀😀😀👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Love you Tamar please stay
a vocal fucking beast
Incredible voice
Yaasssss ,😘😘😘😘😘😍😍😍😍😍
Get that Grammy!
Yessaaaa Tamar ❤️
I love me some Tamar😍
She definitely don't need to retire her voice is one of the best we have right now and the industry needs her talent. I hope she gets a new manager and team so she can get the accolades she deserves.
i wouldnt sing this. words breathe life or death to a situation
This is IT!.... #BLIND
Ms Tamar 🔥🔥🔥all the chills i get. been on REPEAT since it dropped 💙sangggggg Tay, she’s very underrated 😑but her vocals are everything! 🙏
I have been waiting for this!!!!!!!
Honestly haven't heard a nice pure voice since whitney and Mariah . Tamar, along with whitney and Mariah always know what to sing to my heart. IM LITERALLY IN TEARS!
Beautiful 😥why I'm tearing up
Love the length of the song! That high note around 4:09!
When Tamar brought u back to life😍😍😍😍😘😍😍 forever a fan
nice to her her vocal with music stripped back a bit.
I love it. Do Tamar🔥
Sang Tamar! Love it!  I miss music like this!  Just plain good ole sangin!  No mumble rappers!
One thing I love about you Girl... is that you're so transparent one.. You never tried to pretend like some people out there.. you just showed and said whatever inside your heart and mind! You tried it! 😂❤️
Sing it girl🙌🏾this cover art is everything
Old School New Body - Highest Converting Written Page On CB Market http://bit.ly/2flbqN4
Never knew she was so thick
I love me some Tamar forever and always wayyyyyy before Beyoncé was even popping💕💕💕💕💕💕
Jesus Christ lol. I'm not a Tamar stan by any means but lord she screamed! Great song
Kenny is the AahilaaayJacke Lottmeor, but I don't think so but it on my way home
The cover art is so dope!!
Tamar's voice gives me everything I need in life❣❣❣Wish you God and all the success Tamar❣❣❣
Sing baby girl Braxton,im so in my feelings listening to this😢
Like my comment if you feeling this song!! 😞😌It’s a #1 hit, hate to see a great talented woman like the music alone! So much more in this song that brought me to tears!! #Blind 💯❤️💔
This women gets it right all the damn time. Every note.. Jesus! 🙌 She sends chills thru my body when she signs. Only other artist to give me that feeling was Prince. She's so freaking under rated its a shame.
Im in love with this song,😍😍😍😍😍i keep singing it💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
Who would dislike this???
Can't wait til Sept. 29th!!!!!! She is doing her thing again!
Who whistles twice like that in one song . Love you Tamar !!! This deserves a Grammy !!
I Think Tamar is going to pull a MJ and JayZ, She is a I want it all Type of person she will be back might not be right away but she Will be back!!!
Omg when you hear your new favorite song for the first time 😍 Tamar is amazing
Wow love it
You did that Tamar
204 lost people..
This song is down right COLD!! These vocals are RIDICULOUS!!! And that “ where you go, where you go” harmony!! My gawd!!! I have to say that she’s one of the best vocalist HANDS DOWN! But also this is an industry of politics and Tamar is too real for the games so she got shaded... ijs...
Who else thinks Tamar is an amazing singer she’s just underrated❤️❤️
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Ugh the screeeam. Luuuuuuhhhhh you Tamar
4:10 blew me away ❣️
SHE DID THAT!!🗣🗣🙌
wowwww Sing it Tamar wowww
Yass sing it !! 😫❤️
Beautiful! I live for Tamar🤣yaaasss!
That album pic tho
0:45 sounded so much Toni...
Sing sis!!
She did that!!. OMG love it Auntie Tayme
😢😙
❤❤❤❤❤
Slayed!!!!
Love this song!
😭😭😭😭sing babes
Love it!!!
Whew 🔥🔥🔥
Omg yess🙌🏼🙌🏼❣️plz don't quit music
I love Tamar
damn tamar she did that
Full body chills....her name is TAMAR BRAXTON ♥️
Fuck it up Tay Tay 👏❤️
Tamar...you better SING!! This song💞💞💞😍💯
Yassssss
Sing Tamar yasss fkin sinnnng...Everytime I hear her sing I remember why I fk's wit Tamar!!!! #ThatPhotoTho #Yassss
Wack
There is alot going in this song. I don't like how her vocals are always copy and paste ESPECIALLY those whistles
That's a BAD photo !!! Yesss Tay Tay😍😍😍😍
Uh uh. I'm not feeling this song. It's kinda stale. Yo' voice is way too whiny and unpleasant on this song, Tamar. This is a pass. _YouKnow IGotSoul_ brought me here.
we're not going to give any props to Etta James?
Wait wait ..what! come through Tamar
The version she played for Wendy Williams was way better
The guy is riddled with insecurities
attention whore alert
this guy is so full of shit
Comes off like a bit of a bullshit artist
This guy is dumb as fuck
Some guys have lost 12 million \nThere are people who have lost wayyyyy more....
Dan is a fucking idiot who is famous because all his money he had that from his dad lmfao.
Guy seems like a total arsehole and all his money is from his dad who's nothing more than a white collar criminal
I wouldn't be superseded if half his story's are made up.
I don't care that he's rich, I hate the way he shows it off and how he spends it so recklessly
This guy looks like a Mongolian fox check it out google it
he is sweating a 500k bet in 30 days? LOL And he is a considered a bad ass? LOL \n\nI will say this because these are the industries I'm involved in and know the money. \nA trucking company owner who owns 20 trucks with 20 full time drivers can make that in a month. Before expenses. After its close to 200k in pocket. A MONTH ! EVERY MONTH! \nDO the math. \nThen the car business. A used car lot with a 200 used car inventory that turns over 75 cars a month will make 500k before wages to employees. Thats profit off sale of the car and profit off of sales of the finance contract and warranty profits and trade in profits. \nGranted those are top guys in their fields but its very doable. \nThe guys who own new car franchise dealers make more. WAY more. Off the sales, shops and parts and if they have a body shop its even more.....\nSome trucking outfits have 50-200 drivers and those are guys I rub elbows with. I seen their contracts and seen their rates. So I speak about facts. Same for the car lots. I seen the books on those deals. \nThe big outfits who have 500-1000 trucks running are making more money then this fool can spend. LOL \nHe is a for show people.......Smoke and mirrors.
Obnoxious cunt
This guy is super full of himself , every time I see this guy i say he can't get worse...im wrong
his parents were rich asf lol he aint never work for anything
at least he can fuck your wife better then you
Bilzerian's the man
This guy is the definition of a meat head.  What a fucking idiot.
Stories just as real as his big legs\nLUL
Would love to hear from these people that he actually paid of losing bets. His face turns red the more he talks. I lost 6 million on a coin flip but sweating a guy trying to row across the Atlantic and break a world record gtfo. Ask any poker pros before 2014 nobody knew who you were or ever seen you in Vegas. The guy has $0 tournament winnings. Buys into cash games takes a couple of pics and leaves after a hour of walking around
and so? you want a medal?
THIS GUY IS SUCH A TOOL. SWEATING 30 DAYS BECAUSE OF 500.000 DOLLARS, THAT TELLS ALL ABOUT THIS RICH KID. JUST WAIT AND SEE WHEN NEXT YEAR HE IS GIVING INTERVIEW HOW HE LOST ALL HIS MONEY IN GAMBLING!
It's important to consider all of the facts before finalizing a decision.
Allen Iverson!!!!!
Damn bro... Come on man
This guy will eventually die because of his careless life style. That or he will go broke
Piece of garbage, he could pay me less to fight a pack of hyenas and he'd get his F'n money's worth while drinking whatever overpriced swill he drinks.\n\n\nBut if I survived the hyenas, I'd soooo want to shove hyena meat down his throat...
dan ur the man
this guy needs to take shrooms
You can’t have a rainbow without a storm 🌈 ⛈
Today is my birthday. Can I get 100 likes 😊😊
Can't believe this is from my little pony XD
why youtube why is this a thing \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nkill me plz
If life could be a song I hope 🤞🏾 he can be this one tanks sia🔝
Can we just talk about the animation of the ponies in flight? The way Twilight's wings look as she slows down with the staff, and how they fold when she's with Tempest? Way smoother than the show (not jabbing at the show at all)
Can I try the feeling of the first comment😊
Bruh..i'm getting tired of seeing her in all these Sia music videos. Use a different girl lmao
I like my little pony
I can't wait to watch this movie!
This song got popular so quick. I'm completely baffled.
All I  can think is that it must have been so fun to dance in water
You made me believe myself and when I hear this I fell power and stand up to bullies and I keep cool and take my path you are a amazing person for me and helping others I thank you and just thank you I got bullied a lot and I stand up and say I don't care I listen to this when I'm down and maddie you were amazing tell her that love you 😘
I'm big fan of your
Guys, you better check out the scene in 1:07 and then compare it with the same scene in the trailer. Then tell me what you figured out...
Songbird Serenade kinda reminds me of the Gazelle from Zootopia as they're both ungulates, both sing the closing songs of their respective movies, both have minor roles throughout the film, plus they're both played by a female celebrity with a VEVO account.
Such a great song! Thank you Hasbro/Allspark Productions for introducing me to Sia!
All the non bronies will totally love this song
woow¡¡¡ this song is beautiful
I. NEED. TO. SEE. MOVIE. NOW!!!!!!
This is the only Sia video I've seen where Maddie actually looks happy.
who is watching before October 2017?
Sia, how about the suitcase? Wheres the full version 😢
Uhhhhhh.... MLP was cool in the 80s and I liked how they resembled ponies versus.... vs. What this weird pony concept is. O_o
It's going to be a Blockbuster song from now. Your are awesome #sia
Please view my video. It is a poem by me, and then I explain the meaning of this song (Sia-Rainbow). https://youtu.be/IEsNNJT49bA
I'm see a rainbow
I love Sia and Maddie Ziegler so much❤
The cutest edition of My Little Pony!!
damn why is she so good
NOW I WANNA WATCH THAT MOVIE\nGREAT....
It is so amazing it calms the ears
I know you\nYou're a special one\nSome see crazy, where I see love\nYou fall so long\nBut soar so high\nBig dreamer, shoot for open sky\nSo much life in those open eyes\nSo much depth, you look forward to life\nWhen your wounds open\nYou will cry\nCry, oh no, and you'll question why\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they're fallin' down\nI can see your soul grow, uoo\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out\nI am here\nAnd I see your pain\nThrough the storms\nThrough the clouds, the rain\nI'm telling you\nYou cannot escape\nYou can do it\nJust feel, baby\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they're fallin' down\nI can see your soul grow, uoo\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out\nHere comes the sun\nSmiling down\nHere comes the sun\nSmiling down\nHere comes the sun\nSmiling now\nSmiling now\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they're fallin' down\nI can see your soul grow, uoo\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they're fallin' down\nI can see your soul grow, uoo\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out
THAT IS SO COOL!
Awesome lady I even hear in my head
Well the world has officially ended nice knowing guys I'm going to go kill-myself
When I listen to this song it’s like I’m seeing my life past through me like a slide show.
she is a pony yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss like if  u agrey
i love you sia
This is the best song she's ever made!!! 😄
I wish it was possible to hug a song
OMG😱😍
BEAUTIFUL VOICE seriously
Maddie!!! 😍❤😍❤
Are you alicorn? Pegasus?
PONY is so cute!!!!
Did anyvody see sia cute face😍😍😍
F Awesome they came back 😍
Appreciate it, Sia.
I LOVE MLP !
OMG!!! ♥ I love this song :'3  I love MLP ♥ *-*
4,3 million views
I need a zigzag
SUITCASE (SOUNDTRACK FROM BALERINA) ?  Cuando v:
i think she loves MLP too 😍♥
This is super duper awsome!!
Jeh my little pony 😉
Sia seems to have ADHD- Attention Deficit Hyperactive disorder
Sia is my fav and maddie is cool \nThis video is awesome, this ponys are so cutes😍😍
Wow the animation looks beautiful! XD
HYPEEEEE
0:36 a 0:41 melhores partes
instagram : manoel_woolop
183
emmmmm
Why didnt Sia just use real unicorns
i love you~♥
Love it. Dynamic duo. Maddie & Sia!!!!
Best SIA song ever...😊
Beautiful Maddie.
this song is beutiful
:3 i will cry :')
Best song ever
twiley!!!!!!💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Like love mlp like love sia
Yeees my next fav  movie and my fav singer
Maddie ♥️
Sia & Maddie are Queens
YAY XD
Love, love, love Sia. 😍😍😍
||||||||||||||  |||        |||\n||||||                  |||   |||\n||||||||||||||  |||    |||     |||\n         |||||  |||   |||       |||\n||||||||||||||  |||   |||        ||
...i am confusion
OMG SIA U ROCKKKK
Hermosa letra
❣
Beautiful
Kill me now
Maddie \nTe sigo desde Dance mom\ny apenas supe que eras la misma\nAmo a Sia\nAmo Dance mom\nTe amo a ti
Excelente acierto 😍 nada más una observación: cuando sube Maddy sus pies debieron estar en punta, se hubiera visto mejor.
Soy la unica que habla español acá?😢
Por favor vean más este video las veces que puedan para que le gané a melanie Martínez
No se que me emociona mas... La canción... Ó que Sia ahora tiene un Pony :v JAAJA
Deu até vontade de ver o filme agora
What happened with the Healing Is Difficult Sia? The one that was not afraid to say Fuck or Marijuana? Oh, the pop demon has claimed Sia. Shet.
It sucks that MLP is made by liberal retards\nMLP has always been my favourite show, and honestly voice actors and the makers of a cartoon should shut up about their personal opinion, so that everyone can enjoy a cartoon like MLP without remembering about Tara Strong insulting Trump using Twilight emojis
I FRICKING HATE My little pony \nGOD FRICKEN
No que sia ya no iva a canatar
i love it
The fact that it sounds like the end credit song makes me not want to watch the movie anymore :(
All the bronies are coming.....run!!!!!
When she calls him honey❤️
you guys should do a google deep dive! it would be so hilarious
Definitely keep doing these they’re great
you could make a lookbook based off of your favorite movie characters <3\nyou could also make a vlog-type video taking us shopping with you (clothes, makeup, knick-knacks, etc)\n\nlove you arden! =)
ur intro is so lovely?
I love this vid! But u guys made me feel so single :(((
love this!! and also where is that sweater from?? i need it!
i feel like you guys are ridiculously pretty and cool and your lives are codirected by will (a costar) and wes anderson and i just want to see you guys browse the accidental wes anderson subreddit while a 360 degree tracking shot happens around your perfectly symmetrical table while you’re wearing bright red button ups and watercoloring yellow tents
Loved this! Please do more together. This is probably one of my favourite videos from you Arden & Will - thank you 😊
Ironically I feel like a how to keep productive video or how to have a relaxing evening or a how to de stress vid would be cool I think you will do well with those because I haven't seen many done before!
Do a video reacting to your old videos! or your first video
This was fucking precious and hilarious
Ah! Some great subreddits to check out: malicious compliance // prorevenge // tales from retail
MAKE MORE OF THIS PLZ
please do this again and again and again
Ooh do this more!! It's super funny!!!
Baking videos! Vlogs (I love when y'all do that), playlist videos (like what you're listening to now)!!!
I would watch a weekly one of these not gonna lie
THANK U YESSS U FINALLY MADE A VIDEO WITH WILL THIS IS WHAT I LOVE MOST
this is one of my favorite videos you guys have made
Never seen Arden high until now
this is some quality content right here
this should be a weekly installment
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH!! ALL THOSE STARTER PACKS LMAO
1. Driving with Arden and Will (love y'all together!)\n2. Fall favorites\n3. Try something new/different (could be foods or an activity)
yes 10/10 would watch more like this
The I'm not interested starter pack is me when I'm interested lol maybe thats why everyone stops talking to me
I would love if you guys did this style with your podcasts
pj liguori background music i'm living
Reddit is a great, fun place. I would love more videos like this!
HOneY !!! make this a series plssss
THIS IS HIGH QUALITY CONTENT
Looking for a new channel to watch?! Great me too so check out mine and you won't be disappointed! :D
i fucking loved this content holy shit
I loved this because I'm too lazy to open reddit by myself HEE HEE
The kind of content I signed up for. 👌👌
make this a series
It's okay I'm from Cornwall... and in Truro I saw a guy shouting from a roof once in Lemon Quay for hours.. Cornwall news is odd
where is your top from? its amazing
haha tru tru! I've never been to reddit. My life is so much better thanks!
yay I loved this and all the banter!!
The Truro from that article is actually in Canada. I've been there and, believe me, it's not a beautiful city
I like this a LOT. A lot a lot.
i would love to see a vinyl collection video by arden
I need more than one like button for this video
Honestly I was screaming and snorting. I never once snorted in my life
Ahahahah they're like Ethan and Hila but the world hasn't broken them
You guys are like cute grandparents 😂😂😂😂😂
it was so funny when you realized what the condom said but then re realized that it had a donut jajajajaja make it a series who cares
Yup just explored the world of Reddit for over half an hour thank you Arden! Love you and your videos so much! A part two of this would be great. Your videos are great and also I love seeing you and Will together you guys are so cute!!!
I can confirm Truro is lit .... I live there soooo
You two are such a sweet couple! Travel videos are always cool, but even little videos about exploring your city are always fun to watch. You could do your take on the old home videos that parents would make to capture your life at this moment in time. Discuss movie reviews of what you should actually watch that's out in the theaters right now. If none of those seem like a good idea maybe opt for videos on your option about today's society (societal pressures, observations you've made, fashion, androgyny). Also you could do a video comparing your upbringing with Will's and seeing how it was affected by the country you grew up in :)
This was hilarious! I haven't laughed this hard at a video in ages. Please do more 👌🏻
i liked this alot
DO IT MORE
More please!!
Lolol I loved this, pls do more
r/surrealmemes is neat
PEEJ MUSIC
What are you actually doing with your life
Your shirt looks like my school uniform
Arden you should just become a meme reaction channel
omg will 6:·0 did you.. lied to me? so cuteeee you guys i love your relationship and maybe some videos about decorating and ikea and things like that and maybe some cooking videos we all loved you guys together!! so easy you just gotta be yourself and make videos we really watch this channel nd will's because we love you :) greetings from Mexico also, if you would like to use your platform for help I would really appreciate it, with the earthquake things has gotten pretty serious a lot of people are homeless now and a lot of people still burried under the buildings :( even little kids :( if you would like to share info about donation of curse you can make sure the site and info is true i would suggest donating via amazon, unicef and carlos slim foundation, red cross you sharing the links really means the world to us Arden. :( love from México!
I love seeing both of your reactions, it was cute yet hilarious. Do some more of these meme videos +ardenrose
Wait this was so entertaining to watch thank you for posting omg
Does anyone else feel like Arden is more obnoxious when will is around? Like she laughs at nothing. I like memes but most of these were just ok
Please do this again I loved this so much 💕
Superman had an Earth dad so it kind of makes sense.\n\nI think the joke is more Batman's parents (but he's pictures as a kid when he may have had a mom).
Make a video with Andrea!!
Pleaaaaase keep doing this, i loved it
You could do the Closet Confidentional tag x
I NEVER FELT SO SINGLE IN MY FRICKIN LIFEE
Who else thought it was Brad Hall in the thumbnail?
The woman seems more like of a boyfriend than the guy.
sex pistols poster in the background 😍
you're out of his league... just saying.
Girl great vídeo. Could you make some more about adult life? 🖤
Will looks like a combo of Austin Butler and Bill Skarsgard which is NIIICE & Arden is so flippin beautiful!!
would seriously love another week in my life vid or something of the sorts
Do a video on your jewelry! Loved this video😀
more! i loved it
Yesssss
r/shittyrobots gives me life
I love Reddit. GIMME MORE! :)
Redducation
Reddit education..... reducation
MORE MORE MORE MORE
this is like the perfect video i need on youtube, couples just laughing at memes while wearing nice clothes.
I feel like this is a really good and funny video segment of Crash On My Couch, loved it
wow I can't wait till y'all get married
Absolutely hilarious!
Loved this. Haha
💛💛💛
I liked it
:> http://fuckyeahdementia.com/
PROCREATE TUTORIAL\n\n\nBOOK FAVS EVERY MONTH\n\n\nMONTHLY FAVOURITES\n\n\nWEEKLY VLOGS HELL YAAS\n\n\nAUTUMN TAG
Normfags
I WANT THAT LAZY OAF SWEATER SO BAD
10 minutes... AND 1 GODDAMN SECOND!!!
arden make an asmr video!!!!! an asmr makeup video !!!! hahahahah
I lost my brother to Cancer this year and I've been lost ever since. Jhene and her brother were tight, like me and mine. This was nice. Fuck Cancer
This is sooooo creative, it has me on an emotional rollercoaster. You killed it Jhene. 👏👏👏👏
She literally looks like the character from the movie home the one Rihanna is in😻
Wow a masterpiece  Jhene...great job you are lyrically  gifted
Immersive movie please make another one
I love and respect you sooo much Jhené. I also lost my older brother who died from cancer. I love your music and how you talk about him. This video touched my soul on another level. I love you, and our brothers are always with us. ❤️️
I was not expecting this... can we take a moment to praise jhene's acting chops👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
Could not stop crying the whole time.😩❤️
This is so beautiful
I cried almost the entire Movie. Goodness.
I cried so much through this omg.😢
Jhene you really have a way with words. Thank you for sharing with the rest of us.
m your biggest fan jhene . I love you so much
Dontae is the waiter from the while we're young video that's cute😍😫
I been on this trip. Rip Brother  5 years...thank you Jhene for the materialization of this.
nothing but love...great acting.   Donald Glover taught you well.
this was so beautiful and touched my soul. <3
I love her. she my angel.
What’s the name of the song that start at 15:06
Wow this is beautiful. The message behind this is very inspiring!
I literally cried this was such a good short film 10/10!!!
I just cried my little eyes out! Man it's so hard to let go of loved ones because we don't understand why they can't stay here with us. Losing a love one is something you really never get over the pain just lessens!
this is food for the soul,beautiful piece .shows how deep pain can go.I love you more for this Jhené.
jhene is a true artist
ok yeah that well written thank you i loved it !!!!! IM INSPIRED TO GET BACK TO POETRY.
this was just amazing..
Lost my brother in 2015 I can relate. It’s really hard a lot of the times...
that was beautiful. i’ve been waiting for jhene to come back and here she is.
