Who takes the professional pictures of these people and why?
I'm betting right now that there will be a movie made about this, and it will star Mark Wahlberg
There no gun fire in China. only use knife to kill . more bloody…  Sorry about las Vegas . Horrible
I was at las vegas 3 weeks ago.
a Casino.. of Gambeling.. in USA 20 Trillion Dollar Debt.. bothersome
Politics is social. Change has to be individual. Politics don't really exist except that fools buy into it. Like putting a game in front of people you know will fight over it. \n\nGreetings everyone! I'm trying to start a music video channel here on YouTube but it's difficult to get seen. \n\nThe music is instrumental and may fall under categories ranging from mellow to rock to hip hop - but mostly a unique combination of them all. The videos are original and usually random - whatever comes to mind in the moment. \n\nI'm new to both video and music production so I will gladly acknowledge input from anybody willing to offer it. If you have the time, click my icon and let me know what you think. Thank you in advance, it's much appreciated!
To liberals down is up and if you follow that belief system to its logical end you end up in hell.
 At lest two have been killed...
Those poor ,terrified people I feel so sorry for them R.I.P those who deid at this attack R.I.P you shall be missed
Neighbor of 8 months said Paddock was a Trump supporter but also believes it's a setup since Paddock was a really nice guy and couldn't believe he'd turn out to be a monster.
Can someone please explain why there is absolutely no blood or dead bodies in any YouTube video I've seen??????? I've seen people running and screaming.  I've seen people being carried by others,  but not a single sign of blood or anything. This is one strange mass shooting.
That's a meme just need the school shooting theme and we good.
Congress responsible for these murders allowing guns to public.
They don't call Los Vegas Sin City for nothing..
GTA real life
58 dead, 500 injured. 128 shot.
Ban concerts!!!
Man Delay Bay.. Los Vehazzz
Wherever there is ISIS iran is iran, Wherever iran is
*STOP THE PSYOPS*
#prayforvegas
https://youtu.be/5nhZRmqwT_A TRUTH BEHIND VEGAS SHOOTING PLEASE SHARE
What happens in vegas stays in vegas
Sub to willne
*Prayers arent needed...MONEY IS!*
country music
#rip for Vegas ppl
omg
Praying for you
What about porter ico??
I mean freind
I hear firecrackers
USA is such a evil country.....full of evil people.
Alrighty, let's take a vote for something that's absolutely not debatable the will hopefully get both sides of people to agree. CRACK DOWN ON GUN SMUGGLING. The only true unbiased way to see if shooters will get their guns legally is to crack down on all illegal transactions taking place in drug dens. Making legal guns harder to get is one thing, but I think ALL OF US should be able to agree to CRACKING DOWN ON ILLEGAL WEAPONRY.
Who cares about white people  I don't
Welcome to America. Guess what nothing will be done. We all going to feel sorry, pray, help but our Congress will not stop gun control. What type of amendment is for  an individual  to have a semi auto machine gun for  protection?  20 mass shooting in 2/3 years alone. NRA profit on guns is more valuable than human life's right?  Smh, Welcome to America.
Random 64 year old white guy with no criminal background, no history of mental illness and was a friendly man got a hold of 23 rifles and randomly shot into a crowd of people. Seems very fishy, Remember not to take whatever you see on the news as the narrative, think for yourself.
HOLY SHIT, yall Americans need to be friends with russia atm yall mfs need help yall gon die without help with that shit Yall need to evacuate rn! \n\n(Edit) that wasn’t a racial comment all my peoples is my peoples love you guys but seriously yall need to do something about that
Why does this always happen on my birthday
Watch & wait! The girlfriend in the Philippines has more than a little involvement in this!
Nobody thinks this is suspicious or a little odd doesn't add up
JUST MORE FAKE NEWS..\nNobody died,stop with your Soros funded Vigil's and paid crisis actors!
Just another day in the usa.
More like 59 dead, and 515+ injured...
Why are the authorities showing the VIDEO SURVEILLANCE footage from the Hotel hallways showing the gunman toting all the weapons into the room..?  THERE IS NO REASON they can't show that.  It has no negative effect on the investigation whatsoever.  So........BLOOD in any photos of victims........and NO HOTEL FOOTAGE of gunman carrying in weapons.\nHMMMM...........amazing.   NO EVIDENCE this guy did anything at all.  Yet they tout him as the shooter.  I'm not buying it.
I wish trump was the only one to get hit with all them run
Dumb country hicks getting killed. Good haha.
This is very heart breaking for family members to witness the death of their own. When I heard that he was going to kill people during life was beautiful, I was completely shocked because one of my own was going over there. However, we have to see the bright side of things. These things happen every day, and that is how life is now. We have to take advantage of this. This is a learning experience. Stop saying things and start doing things. Also, I don't believe Isis did this. They claim every attack and it is quite annoying for Muslims because they are always the ones to be blamed and I think that we should be sorry.
No way to prevent this says only nation where this regularly happens
white terrorism!!!!!
No noticing that witnesses reported multiple shooters?....
love breeders forever
I love when I refresh my YouTube subscription page and it's 1993.
What jerks voted this down? Breeders are back!
Just what I needed to start my day! THANK YOU! Welcome back!!!
Give me the album already
Good to know that The Breeders came back to 4AD. This will bring again worldwide exposure the band deserves. Great track! Welcome back Kim, Kelley, Josephine and Jim!
I love it!  Kim Deal I love you forever!!  I've been a fan about that long anyway.  Kisses!  xxx
YES! Now I can stop grumbling that everything new sucks.
So excited to see them at Union Transfer on November 6th! Last time I saw them live was opening for Nirvana twice in 1993.
Still got it, unlike the Pixies...
'Wait in the car while mother beats the shit out of Sen. Jack Martins..'
I really dig it!
Wots... uh the Deal?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH NEW BREEDERS
GOOD. GOOD. GOOD. GOOD GOD I NEEDED THAT!
So the breeders are back, so is quicksand. Both sound awesome. \n\nNot really sure where this comment is going. But yeah, cool.
That feeling like when an old friend comes back in your life after hundred years. Kim, 😍
I'm a happy camper!! Looking forward to seeing them in Glasgow. This has made my day.
hey pixies...(middle finger extended)
Love it, stoked for the new record.
holy fuck i needed this! 🔥🔥💘💘⚡⚡
Oh Oh, is this a new album I hear?
makes you wonder why it took them forever and a bit to bring out some new stuff... just to give you the impression, there's nothing more casual to do in the world, once you hear it.\n\nThey found a way to pack all the classical Breeders magic into this 2 minutes, making it as catchy as ever. Kim's always been a goddess in writing short songs with character. She still got it.\n\nim eager to hear more
Nice!!!   Btw. so excited to see you in Berlin in a couple of days :-)
I love you Kim
Love it!!! Classic Breeders. Aging like a fine wine and I like fine wine too ;)
So wonderful, just what I need!
Good song! Thanks for a nice surprise. :)
This is the best way of waking up
GOOD MORNING! This song is *everything*! Made my week/month/year/life.
It's got a good beat https://youtu.be/7g3P18rTFMA?t=1m35s
New Breeders material is welcome in these trying times.
Here are the lyrics I tried to decipher. I am not sure about some parts. Would love suggestions or edits from everyone else.\n\nTHE BREEDERS, WAIT IN THE CAR\n\nGood morning\nConsider I\nAlways struggle with the right word\nMeow, meow, meow-meow-meow\nAs a sinner, I\n(unlock?) nothing that neat\nSinner I\nSinner I\nSinner I\nOh-oh, oh-oh\nMother wants to hold me down\nOh-oh, oh-oh\nWait in the car\nI got business\nForget the sun\nTime to get off, take it or not\nCause strategies for punks\nMother wants to hold me down\nMother wants to hold me down\nGonna chase the stars\nMaking a map, scraping off the sky\nJust to fall back\nSinner I\nSinner I\nSinner I\nOh-oh, oh-oh\nOh-oh, oh-oh\nOh-oh, oh-oh
instant classic! I'm so happy! !!!
pls sir can i have some more
me encantan!!!! no cambian!!! perfecto!!
Love lo-fi Breeders. Awesome.
Meow meow meowmeow meow
comments disabled ?\nfor shame 4AD
Freaking!!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!
omg omg omg omg
Roll on 16th Oct Dublin
YESSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
BREEDERS  BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its only 2 fukin minutes...???
yessssss <3
PUURRFECT!
Oh yes.
Fantastic video.
KOOL
Yay :-)
escuchando desde pinche México.
Banger!
Pretty good!
meoooow meeeow
YES! 💃👑🏆🍩🖤🎸
Finally
Good morning, Trump!
Good morning indeed
LOVE!!!!!!!
Good morning!!! Bom dia
Good morning \O thanks
I freaking love this!!!
Great Track!
Good morning!!punks!!
Good Morning , Buenos Días .
11teenth!\nGood morning!
YES! 💃👑🏆🍩🖤🎸
it hurts a bit to say that but: This song alone is better than the last Pixies record.... its raw, its fun, its 90's but its fresh!
hate to say it but its not much of  song. just sound like a well mastered rehersal jam to warm up. Dissappionted.
Meow meow meow!!
PostGrunge sounds like Burger'n'Fries nowadays
I was 8 when I discovered Cannonball thanks to my dad. I'm 23 and I still want to see them live. Come in France Breeders!
you're back!!!!
Vocals are boring
I swear I'm not green-screened onto this: it's just weird lighting!
I'm guessing Fermat's Last Theorem is one such case.
They have one of those in Kurort Rathen,  Saxony. It's near Dresden of you're ever in the area
It's also a technique used in kayaks and canoes to ferry across rivers and other streams. Paddle against the current and angle your vessel towards the side you want to go to. It is great fun. :)
If we can sell pizzas with tomato sauce spread over them then why not toast with butter already spread?
all of Tom's videos are nicely done but, it's just me that his voice bother so much? =( it's not my fault tho.. sorry..
What a great solution!
I just found this with AVE's last video on reducing chatter on a lathe, so obvious, but I'd never looked at the problem in that way before.
They are *floating kites* for transporting people....
Just out of interest cause I'm living there, when where you in Basel?
Switzerland has the stupidest flag ever.
The closest thing i can think of to the big thing everyone has missed is solar power, although the caveat to that is people have definitely already thought of that for a very long time and also the only reason it isn't used worldwide is largely the greed of oil companies\n\nits REALLY obvious that the sun, the thing that makes life on earth a thing, and a practically infinite source of energy that is constantly beaming down on the planet, would be the best source of power but people still think its impractical
Until recently, there was a reaction ferry on the Severn at Hampton Loade - however, flooding in recent years has caused it to temporarily close on several occasions, and it I now appears to be permanently closed. Still, it was Notable enough to warrant a Wiki entry...\n\nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hampton_Loade_Ferry?wprov=sfla1
Its just a kite
The ferries are direction controlled water kites. Are there any tethered kites or blimps used for moving people or stuff through areas of consistent air currents using the same principle?
I do love elegant systems like this. Nothing much can really go wrong and there is no reason this couldn't last forever. Another great system using water is the Lynton and Lynmouth Cliff Railway. A funicular that uses water tanks to make the car heading downhill heavier to pull the lower one up.
There is one near Mammoth Cave in Kentucky.
How do other tall boats not hit the overhead cable?  Also, I'm reading that there are floating cable reaction ferries.  Even more of an issue for boats going up or down the river.
Have you thought of doing a video about that slice of  Germany inside Switzerland?
You also need a river that you can string a wire a cross that isn't going to be snagged by tall ships. Probably wouldn't work on the Thames.
Wow tom is on trending, I'm shocked
You‘ve been to my town and haven‘t told me? To shame!
This technique is used in kayaking - it's called the 'ferry glide'.
Isn't this the same principle that yachts use to sail against the wind (tacking)?
Dude, bummer! Would've been great to meet you, since I live there.
Thank you for all the videos. Very much enjoyed and appreciated.
Oh I think there's plenty of room left in all of time to make a few more interesting ideas come to life....
COME TO LAUSANNE BABY WE HAVE SCIENCEY STUFF
You should do a video on the Theory of Inventive problem solving. A Russian engineer spent his entire life studying patents to see how humans made solutions to stuff like this. It's now generalized into a few charts, and is really quite handy.
Thats incredible! How has someone not applied this concept for electricity generation I wonder?
Ah, thank you for this Tom. =)
Interestingly a very similar technique in kayaking and canoeing is called ferry gliding.  Forward paddling and or momentum are substituted for the wire
I hope they got a license from the Fine Bros.
Wtf...I was just on one of these a few hours ago. Now I'm seeing this vid. What a coincidence
Since you are in Switzerland are you going to visit CERN? It's only 2 hours by car from there :)
We used to have hundreds of these in British Columbia. I assume they probably died out here because of safety concerns. We used to have car-sized wooden suspension bridges too.
Tom, I swear to God, this is the second time you were in Switzerland and I missed you again (last one in Zurich) by probably about a week or so! Next time you post something hinting there on Twitter or elsewhere, I will move heaven and earth and whatever else to meet you. Or at least try to give you a video idea via mail and getting you where I am so I can contribute.
Wow. That is so cool. I would never have had that idea. But so obvious when you see it.
There are several reaction ferries in Canada that carry cars.
IT'S CALLED PETROL TOM >:( but these boats are rather cool
Using warmth 20 meters underground via some conducting material to prevent train switches or other critical infrastructure from freezing over. \n\nSo obvious, but I dont think its done anywhere.
That's like the guy who floats down the river to work instead of driving 😊 I love simple solutions that use natural reusable energy
Sadly, thinking about is not enough, sharing the knowledge and people with a need that search for a solution is a must\nI think this relationship is what really changed the world, but today, with the tsunami of data on the internet, very few actually study something, and the rest have all the incentive to keep secrets and patent them since their livelihood usually depends on it\nso, cutting edge knowledge is a commodity and old knowledge is buried amongst irrelevant and sometimes wrong info and as a result get overlooked
When I was at Switzerland, I was stoned by clarity of Rhine in Bern... That river is something that I can not easily understand...
It's like a kite using water instead of wind.
I there some sort of meet up? I live in Basel!
I actually live just next to such a ferry. The one I can see from my window is much bigger and can load 10 cars or so. It is really fascinating, but I just don't like it for commuting because here the ferry has no scheldue, and waiting about half an hour can be quite annoying. Glad I only enjoy it on Sunday trips or so. Great video.
i didn't understand the principle  could somebody please explain it?
There are a few of those in the Netherlands as well, I believe, although they look like normal ferries and the cables run underwater, not above it. If memory serves me. And maybe they've been disposed of already.
Omg i was on the exact spot you stood there in Basel a few weeks ago!
I am sure there is one at Symonds Yat
We have a reaction car ferry in McLure, British Columbia, that will take a few cars at a time across the North Thompson.  It can't run when there's ice on the river or during spring flooding.
ah I'm so sad. I live in Basel but I'm on vacation right. so sad to miss you :(
That is a interesting thing to think about. \nIf you live in a place where the conditions for something like this doesn't exist, you'd never think about it. You'd never think to even look it up. \nA thing you don't know you don't know.
Read about another Swiss project recently. There's a mine in the mountains, and the ore (or whatever it produces) is transported down to the valley in trucks that use the weight to produce electricity on the way down, which is more than enough to drive them up the mountain again when they're empty.
How do you get 50 fps video?
I was so shocked when I saw your video because I am from Basel
Clever Bavarians recently replaced one of theese by a gasolin driven one. The old one has sunken due to the lag of maintanence...
It kinda works like sailing, but the wind is replaced with water flow and the resistance from the water is replaced with a cable.
Theres one of these on the River Severn at Hampton Loade, near Bridgnorth, but it hasn't run at all this year.
The obvious thing we still haven't invented is slood. It comes after fire, but before the wheel. Except we missed it.
If you kayak this is the same principle as in ferry gliding.
So how, exactly, is this different from sailing ships tacking? Still a clever idea, but I bet that if tom had experience on a sailboat this wouldn't be that innovative of an idea. Just an example of specialized knowledge.
A movie I saw as a child in the 1950's showed a scene with one of these craft being used in Florida at a time before railways, automobiles and air conditioning had made it hospitable for people from cooler climates to want to go there despite alligators and hurricanes.
Female phychology. There must be something obvious to it since it affects more than half the world population but we still haven't figured it out.
As a kayaker we do this all the time, it's even called Ferrygliding. The only difference with a kayak is that you have to keep paddling upstream.
Wow im amazed how fast flowing the rhine is compared to something like the Thames
It's an obvious idea to someone who sails sailing boats, basically it's just using the water currents rather than air currents to sail by ;)
I loved how, in addition to the usually informative video this one was also inspirational. Great job Tom. Thank you.
The 26 dislikes are from people who hate free energy. Shell I suggest any names?
Powered boats can do this too.  They can motor up against the current to match the speed of the current.  That way they can be stationary with the land and yet move sideways!  It can help manoeuvre in tight spaces (Though very few skippers seem to know how to do it, despite its simplicity and usefulness).\n\nFunnily enough, it's called ferry gliding!  And now I know why :)
...and Nile boats use a combination of wind and water flow to go upriver and down...\n...and-yes my fifth-grade observation about electromagnetism overrides Maxwell's...
Yay! Welcome to Basel
I live in switzerland! And it works nicely!
Someone tell me why Thoughty2 has more than double the subscribers to Tom Scott?
better than tesla's auto drive
It's basically a kite. A water-kite, but the principle remains.
There are other surprising pre-electrical means of transportation in the Alps. For example water-balanced funiculars - such as the one in Fribourg, Switzerland. Both cars have a water tank, and the upper one gets filled up, while the bottom one is drained, whenever the cable car needs to move. The inbalance and gravity does the rest.
Escalators. Unlike Elevators (Lifts, for you Brits), Escalators don't/can't have counter weights. But why couldn't Escalators have generators or massive flywheels to generate or store energy of the ones carrying people downward?  That could then be used to help drive the ones carrying people up.
Awsome
Alright... NOW I'm interested why you were in my city. Did I miss an important exhibition or what?\nCan't imagine you just strolled along to talk about the four ferries we have and how they operate.
In Germany reaction ferries are called Gierseilfähren. I learned that from Die Sendung mit der Maus, an educational TV series for children.
aaaaaaajjjjjjj
Erection flurries
damn, this got deep
Donald Rumsfeld was right!  😂\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w5JqQLqqTc
Very prophetic Tom
That was delightful.
im sorry this is force vectors gitgud
Same as windsurf works
Excellent video Tom.
Ayyyyy I live in basel
Ohhh hey come to Geneva
Like
Lmao Adidas nmds spotted @ 1:01
Very elegant and cool!
Hamburger Earmuffs!
1:34 Uncesored Child's Face!
Can you explain how cell phones and cell towers communicate at high speeds? Like on the motorway? (Does some of the signal get lost behind?)
Pretty sure humans have been pulling themselves across rivers using rope or wire one way or another for a few thousand years...
Watch Avatar: The Last Airbender. It's a kids show but it's also not a kids show. Either way, it's fantastic.
you've got so much presence on camera. it's almost like we're having an actual conversation. also i love how passionate you are about films and shows and how you analyse them so well.
Everyone should binge PrankMe. Just saying. I've watched it 3 times. I can't deal with how great it is okay
1 - It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia \n2 - Brooklyn 99\n3 - Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
how to get away with murder is amazing!
i accidentally watched all of Glow in 1 afternoon/night
IVE SEEN THEM ALL!!!! \nWE are so ALIKe! <3<3
Last show I binged was Harlan Coben's The Five. Lost a whole day. Totally worth it. Told Jack to binge it too... hehe
Glow is amazing and a second season has been confirmed.
I'm sure you've said you've watched it (now that I think about it, that may be why I did haha) but Lovesick is so good to binge, maybe to keep up with the timeline, but I love the character development so much - it's great to get sucked into.
shows I've been binge watching lately.\n\n1. PrankMe - Cheers @ChewingSand for such a great little psychological horror/black comedy. I laughed, I cringed, there were some rather audible holy shit moments. Fantastic stuff\n\n2. Blood Drive - Batshit insane love letter to 1980's grindhouse cinema\n\n3. Wentworth - If you've seen Prisoner (Cell Block H for the UK folks) this updates that kind of women's prison drama beautifully. Can't wait for series 6
Only 9%. People have lied.
The description you gave of Love, reminds me of You're The Worst. Two people who are very cynical towards life and love, meet and start falling for each other, but they both make it very difficult for themselves. The characters are also unlikeable. I have screamed at the screen while watching this lol, but it's very intriguing.
I'm a bit disappointed guys. Scrolled through all the comments and probable the best show I have ever seen never mentioned. \nEveryone should really try The Newsroom. Imo it probably has the best pilot episode of all the shows I have seen. I watched it 3 times already and I will watch it at least 3 times more in the next 10 years (the whole show, not just the pilot). The cast is amazing, the writing is on point, the characters are all so in depth and work together like PB%J. The series are about A fictional news station that does coverage on actual news that happened in real life while trying to uphold the highest jornalistic standarts. I cant imagine anyone who would quit the series after trying the first 3 episodes.  \n\nAlso watch Arrested development and Speechless\nMost of the other good stuff was already mentioned so im not going to repeat it.
My favourite shows\n1. Parks and Rec\n2. The IT Crowd\n3. Survivor \n4. Would I Lie to You
Brooklyn 99 is incredible and I really think you would enjoy it
i cannot recommend brooklyn nine nine enough honestly it has fantastic representation, it’s hilarious without relying on stereotypes or being offensive and it never fails to make me smile! also black mirror if you want intense amazing terrifying sci fi drama, and if you like rick and morty i would definitely recommend gravity falls ❤️
I really enjoyed Love! And watching Glow rn as well. Maybe will try Rick and Morty.
SKAM! You can literally watch all four seasons in 12 hours
Glow is great. :) \nAlready watched it, really great!\n\nThe second show you talked about, I don't know. \n\nRick and Morty i obviously know, but don't really like so much.\nThanks for your video. :)
You know me, I’m reverse giraffe. I’ve got a short neck and legs.
Please watch Crazy Ex-Girlfriend if you haven't already. It's a musical, it's incredibly written and the characters are so wonderfully flawed and the cast is brilliantly diverse. It is so incredible, and everyone should watch it (and binge it!) it's so underrated and Rachel Bloom is SO talented. And it's all on Netflix and season 3 starts next week.
omg you put how I feel about Love into words! I keep wondering why I actually like it seeing as I don't like either of the mains all too much but yeah their relationship is just really cool to watch unfold
I threw my hands up in the air when Hazel started with GLOW because I tell everyone to watch it but no one listens to my amazing recommendations!
If your up for a full on binge-\n\n1.) Supernatural, it's about two brothers who hunt demons and other monsters and creepy stuff together. They're best friends with an angle by season 4 and it is hilarious, spooky and emotional and some points (yes it has 12 going on 13 seasons but it's totally worth it and so addictive, you'll fall in love with not only the show but also the characters and actors who play them)\n\n2.) Gilmore Girls, it's about a mother and a daughter who are best friends and their lives in their little town (it includes 8 seasons including the newer version, with the same cast of course..there is so much to love about all the characters)\n\n3.) American Horror Story, every season is a different creepy story which involves some sort of clown, ghost or different creepy thing (there are currently 7 seasons and it's freakishly great and trust me, it's worth it just to see Evan Peters being his usual gorgeous self)
I think you HAVE to watch One Day At A Time. That show was absolutely brilliant. It's a sitcom but all the while it manages to call out important issues like racism and sexism and searching for identity. It has an almost all female of colour cast with only one straight white guy. It's funny and real and just absolutely wonderful.
new girl!!!! all characters are SO well written and perfectly casted. Also brooklyn nine-nine and the crown!!!
my favorite recent binges\n1. big mouth (surprisingly super good and well written and clever)\n2. crazy ex girlfriend (so addicting, always takes the humor over the edge which is really entertaining)\n3. bojack horseman (don't even know where to begin it's amazing just watch it)
I KNEW Rick & Morty would be in here. It so fab and I must admit I did think 'this is something Hazel would like.' Interesting to hear you describe it though. I've tried to explain it to my friends/family/boyfriend/anyone that will listen and why they should watch it but it's so hard to describe! It's crazy smart, incredibly hilarious and then in the next second, so so dark. It's such a 'you have to see it to believe it' show! 💚👌
Have you seen the show Community? You mentioned Gillian Jacobs in the second show and I know that Alison Brie is in Glow, they're both in a sitcom called Community, it's amazing.
oh Hazel you are such a perfect combination of that old lady on the train who will try to convince you of how great that movie form the 60's is and that way younger than anyone chill aunt who will never miss an opportunity to have a party
For anyone who hasn't yet seen it, you should binge The Wire. It's one of the most real and brutally honest shows ever. It's complex and thrilling at the same time.
you should watch Crazyhead it's a Netflix original, Its so funny!
sense 8, It's THE MOST amazing show. so well shot and filmed and the cast is amazing, and its funny yet dramatic, and has some amazing fight scenes, but also relationships. It's got something for everyone.
my top three are probably\n1) riverdale\n2) series of unfortunate events (the acc tv series)\n3)GLOW\n<333333333 love this :)
THESE ARE 3 OF MY FAVOURITE SHOWS ON NETFLIX WTF HAZEL!!! \n\nDude you HAVE to- and i absolutely mean HAVE to- watch The Get Down, its an incredible series on netflix about underground disco and hiphop (and also kind of drug business) in the bronx in the 70's and its dramatic and its sad and its hilarious and its just everything, its genuinely my favourite show on this planet and its so well-made I absolutely reccomend it to anyone and everyone, especially if you're a fan of the 70's. \n\nThat was a long-ass run-on sentence and I also am just gushing and not reviewing bc im not good at using film terminology, but its seriously so incredibly shot, acted, written, everything. I think any movie buff will appreciate it (it was made like a 12-part movie kinda) so if you read this and choose to watch it please get Jack to watch it too.
I binged Black Mirror a few months ago and I'm just now coming out of a recuperative blanket fort. One of those shows you really can't binge.
Wow Hazel, I know you are in projects & stuff, but man! I've been missing you, thanks :)
I'll be honest, I was slightly disappointed that I've seen and loved all of these shows... although I'm quite happy that we share the same tastes
1. Supernatural\n2. Orphan Black\n3. The 100\n\nI know kinda seems like the usual cliche recommendations, but I swear these shows are absolutely amazing and so much more complex then they may seem!!
I had to put together my website and started watching GLOW in the background only to then take twice as long to finish my website because I was TRANSFIXED by this very strange but lovable show in front of me! And I've been missing them so much the last week and just can't bloody wait for Season 2 to come out!
My shows u should all binge watch!!\n- Brooklyn Nine Nine\n- Hemlock Grove\n- Black Mirror\n- Luther\n- Jessica Jones (only one season as of yet but oh well)\n- Bates Motel\n- Don’t trust the B**** in Apt 23\n- Fresh Meat\n- Atypical\n- Pretty little liars (went to shit in seasons 6 + 7 but the first 5 seasons are worth watching)\n- Fear the Walking Dead\n- The 100\n- Peep Show\n- Jane the Virgin
Other shows: \nI'm also one of those 11% who watches things based on friends recommendations haha. That's how I found Rick and Morty. But I seriously think you'll enjoy Orphan Black as it's (sort of?) an all-female cast(?) and it's incredible. \n1.) Orphan Black\n2.) Brooklyn Nine-Nine\n3.) Top of the Lake
I WISH people would stop using the word binge it is literally an eating disorder
Grace and Frankie is one that I really loved and binged on a lot! Would highly recommend it!
I definitely binge watch waaay too many shows but I’ve never seen Rick And Morty, I will definitely be binge watching it for the next couple of days after watching this video. Also the way you described Love and Glow perfectly summed up my love of both the shows. Thank you
I only watched part of the pilot of Rick and Morty with the whole seed thing, and I stopped, but now I'm curious and want to give it another shot because you like it so much. Rick just irritated the hell out of me!! \nAlright, instead of working after watching this video like I was going to, I'm going to watch a few more episodes.
Enjoyed Glow and love Rick and Morty. Though I watched 1 and a half seasons of Love, (hoping s2 would be better.) And I just found it very meh. \nThere was nothing that really made me want go come back for more,. The comedy seemed to rely on the one aussie flatmate and parts kind of felt like a nerdy dudes wet dream. \nI like Gillian Jacobs as an actress and the basis of Love seem to be a type of show I would enjoy, so I went in with an open mind, but left a little dissapointed.
1. Black Mirror\n2. Orange is the New Black\n3. Prank Me!\nAlso i started Rick and Morty a few weeks ago and im watching season 3. I've tried so hard to savour it because i dont want it to end but today will be the day i finish! It is my birthday after all🎈
unrelated to the video buuut your makeup looks AMAZING
I think you should try Orphan Black. It has amazing acting, and the writing is pretty good, although far-fetched at times. I'm curious to hear what you think about it :)
Atypical. 8 episodes that will make you laugh and cry and everything in between. So amazing, and on Netflix! X
people need to watch please like me!!! it's one of my favourite comedy shows (w/ it's always sunny and the it crowd) and no one talks about it + when it does tackle darker subjects it's done so well. totally binge worthy
10/10 recommend watching You're The Worst!
A show I feel has not got enough attention is This Is Us, it’s just so beautiful and clever and heartwarming and sad (the second season just started but I’m waiting so that I can binge it all)
The Good Place\nSeriously. Kristen Bell plays Eleanor who has died and gone to The Good Place. Except, she's not actually a good person and it was a mistake. Hilarious show. Also, they can't swear in The Good Place, so holy forking shitballs there's a lot of good jokes
okay, i know it's pretty basic, but river dale is coming back soon and i would highly recommend watching it. the main character's plot line is basically the same as troy's from high school musical, but there's also *murder* lol
love... a show about people you don’t like... reminded me of mad men in that way
This show is quite old so you've probably already seen it but genuinely, the L word is SUCH A GOOD SHOW. the characters are so interesting and likeable but also so unlikeable at the same time and it does show the ups and downs of relationships as well and you see relationships that work so well fall apart and no so good ones work together and I could keep going on but I don't want this to be too long. But seriously would recommend
You should binge!  What does that mean in English?
I just love you. I know that you want to make high quality content but I'd be happy to listen to you talking about something as trivial as cat food for hours and hours! Please make more videos - on whatever you want to. 😄
Watch Fleabag. Hazel, if you don't absolutely adore it I will look for pigs flying in the sky.
I love schitts creek it has this amazing dry humor and the acting is brilliant \nhouse of cards...i just love house of cards the filming is great\nThe fall... is a darker show but I enjoy the way they let the viewer kind of feel what the characters are feeling with out tell you straight out
I don't really watch TV or shows in general but I catch up on Family Guy, The Simpsons and Rick & Morty sometimes (I love cartoons aha)
rick and morty isn't on netflix in canada ?????????? but it is in other countries??????????????
Alas Rick and Morty is not on Canadian Netflix
hazel have you seen quantum leap? it's probably about 30ish years old, has about 6 seasons. it's sic-fi, but it's so freaking interesting and has this insanely great concept where this physicist develops a time machine and instead of jumping back to his present day, something mystical/divine takes control of the machine and uses it to right the wrongs in the past. the physicist along with his holographic pal, helps him figure out how to set things right.  i really think you should check it out. it's emotional, hilarious and really really ahead of it's time in terms of racism and feminism. PLEASE CHECK IT OUT
I literally love you so much I can't even x
RIVERDALE ISNT ON THIS LIST,\nbut Rick and Morty is so I can forgive you.
if you liked rick and morty i think you would like bojack horseman!! it's in the same genre of cartoons for adults but it's a lot more emotionally mature and does some really interesting commentary on celebrity culture!\nalso, i know how you feel about getting sad when you finish binging a show. i'm procrastinating watching the last season of 30 rock because i don't want it to end :(
I feel cheated. I've binged and finished all three already!
rick and morty is absolutely the best animated show airing right now, clever, funny, and dark in ways you wouldn't even fucking imagine, the only one that can stand remotely close to its quality is bojack horseman for me. And if people don't know it, broadchurch is on netflix which didn't receive enough love in my opinion, cause it is really good.
I really love Him & Her, it's such a wonderful show, HIGHLY recommend
I really need to watch Rick and Morty! I know I'm very late to the party with this, but I just binge watched the first season of Fargo and wooowww it's good! Also everyone needs to watch the BBC miniseries adaptation of War and Peace currently on Netflix because its bloody amazing! It's beautifully shot, has perfect casting and does SUCH a good job of adapting the right parts of that behemoth of a book for tv.
Binge watched Parks and Rec and genuinely felt like crying at the end of it.
Nathan for you is easily the most underrated show on TV
Can confirm you screamed at the TV.
Brooklyn 99 is my show to binge but I don't have the restraint to save the episodes for a binge so I watch them as they come out and then go back and binge them all
Black mirror. \nBojack Horseman \nAnd I just started this one but it seems to be promising, Disjointed. (I mean how can you go wrong with Kathy Bates?)
I just finished watching The 100. It might not be the best show ever, but I thought it was better than most. Post apocalyptic drama, dark and sometimes a little gross, but worth it.
YO I literally finished GLOW today and I was like ‘hope it gets mention or I’m gonna flip’ it’s so so good!
YES GLOW
#41mosttrendingvideo🎉🎉
People should binge  Youre the worst 
orphan black is amazinggg
watch peaky blinders its great
Orphan Black, Bojack Horseman
wubalubadubdub :=
sense8, rick and morty, orphan black and bojack horseman 👌👌
You look like Grace from Peaky Blinders!
Brooklyn Nine Nine & Bojack Horseman, two vastly different but hilarious shows.
THE GOOD PLACE
THE. OFFICE.
Bojack horseman, narcos, better call saul
Very autumnal 👌🏼
G L W O
yall should watch brooklyn nine nine
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency!!! It's based on the Douglas Adams novel and is equally batshit tbh like I can't really explain it very well. Basically, imagine Sherlock Holmes, but he's fucking awful at his job. Like he doesn't know anything, ever (actual quote from the show). Toss in a corgi and a kitten as main characters along with some murder and various sci-fi shenanigans... trust me it's amazing
Bron / Broen aka The Bridge, the Swedish / Danish series.
Black Mirror. I'm sure you've seen at least a few episodes. Would love to get your take on it esp. considering the tones and plots of Septem and PrankMe
All these looks look amazing on you, i wish i had the style you have ♡
Love your style , Love your voice , Love your chracter , Love your everything. Love you connor✨
someone help me find a boyfriend who's this fashionable
MY FAVORITE BOIIII ♡ (dont tell J***k*** that I said this) YOU ARE SO CUTE!
I have 1 pair of shoes and they are reebok white sneakers. I love them to death!
im in love with Connor! i want my guy friends to dress as well as he does.
I just felt like this was sponsored by rebok
DO MORE I LOVE THIS
Look number 3 is a pass. If I had to grade it on a scale of 1 being the lowest to 10 being the highest, I would give it a 3. Again not a fan of those shoes and that sweater is not really that cute. I think had you gone with a white tee shirt and another style reebok shoe I could have given you a higher score
That leather with the sweater 😍
I LOVE THIS. The whole vid is so well thought out and aesthetically pleasing!!
I remember I was literally one of the first people to watch Connor now I never watch him lol.
Why are u so fucking cute?
His style is literally my inspiration
you're such a bean ily
I want that orange sweater really badly
that yellow sweater is $775 um what
YOUR YELLOW SWEATER IS $775 WHAT THE FUCK HONEY
I love your work
if i was a man, this is what would inspire my life
When you live in Canada and would freeze your ankles if you rolled your jeans
Congrats buddy. You're still working hard to reach the top. However I'm still waiting for my signed book... It's been over 5 months since the UW meet and greet. Thanks dude. Cheers from Seattle
EDITING ON POINT\n\nUr killing it connor
How is your library soo color coordinated??? Im so jealous
I really do love you
LOOK AT YOU GO
Someone should make a meme of that clap and 'go me' I would use it all the time😂😍
I struggle so much trying to find a balance between streetwear and dress up, like I love being very put together but also comfy, something between Gabrielle Chanel and Kurt Cobain. Also minimalism and boldness. Alessandro Michele got me so good for this season and the next one. Ugh. Anthony Vaccarello and Lorenzo Serafini were SOOO good. Ugh.
You look sassy sweetheart. Love ya and love your style. I love autumn. It brings out a great feeling of love and romance. It changes me more inside than any other season. And love buying new clothes. Take care.
Damn, the colour grading on this video is beaut😍
*he got them g o o d a n k l e z* ❤
Don't know why I never subscribed to anyone, but this is special. Cheers for convincing me to subscribe to my first channel! Love you!
i love you like i love autumn
i was thinking like oh a sponsor it will be good but,, but DAMN
you posted this on my birthday so i must thank you for this wonderful gist
I don't want to those kind of video from you about fashion to end . 💕
Last look went from daddy to smol bean when u took the leather jacket off
I JUST BOUGHT A PAIR OF REEBOK CLASSICS LAST WEEK I FEEL SO COOL YAY
love love love this video, more look books to come? ily v much
please don't promote leather shoes.
it's not your fault that you're this cute, but it's actually ruining my life
the cutest thing i've ever seen
you're so precious and cute i love you so much and i love your clothing style ahshhshsb
Whyyyyy Common Culture is not available in Russia😩
Connor have you seen the trailer for the movie Call Me By Your Name, or read the book? I'm absolutely in love with it!
Do you want to visit Russia? 😃
ok but this color correction wOW
Oh yes!!! Been waiting for this ❤️⭐️
But is it Dodie Yellow???\n\n\nIs that still a thing?
why do people love leather its so cruel
To understand your youtube, I want to be good at english😭😭 I am korean!
Love Connors style period
The last outfit😍❤️
Connor! I loved this video, look books are one of my favorite things and you did such a good job with it 😊 I can’t wait to see more!
You're like, the ONLY  person in the world who could pull off those shoes with those clothes\n\n\n\n\nI don't think I'm even gonna try lol😂😂
I just started watching you this year and you're such an angel, all your videos are so calm.
Hiiii , please follow me on TWITTER @thoroughFranta ! BEEN SUPPORTING YOU SO SO LONG !!! @connorfranta
PLEASE DO MORE DODIE COLLABS
awe i adore you con!
You have a perfect style! I need more this videos, because is so cool!
WHY ARE YOU SO PERFECT I'VE BEEN FUCKING INSPIRED
Love youuuuu
you're so stylish wtff
asthetic king
I LOVE IT
honestly, slay me
Fuck yea
ily
This is Great!
my lil baby
i’m stealing all your looks omg😮ILYYYY
*aesthetic* wow
the last look is the besttttttttt! dammmmn
Since you are in London can you do like maybe a Halloween colab with dan and phil
0:45 the most aggressive ive seen connor be
o my god connie, so cute so pretty ugh
I LOVE YOU
YES CON BABY YESYESYESYES
I need more lookbooks!
killing ittttttt
So cute💘
what a stylish angel
that second look
MY QUEEN
😭❤️❤️❤️😭
I absolutely adored this look book, oooo baby!
😻
YESSS SMOTHER YOUR FACE WITH MY INARDS MY AETHETIC PRINCE
interesting
im having my SAT day after tommorow 😭😭😭
How many times can I say 'look'? Reminded me of Dodie's glasses makeup tutorial 😂
IS HE STILL HERE IN LONDON!!!!!!I NEED TO FIND YOUUUUU😂😂😂
@ConnorFranta didnt know that you actually participated the YTFF2016 in Manila. I was shocked AF. Will you be able to go for 2018YTFFinManila?
you looking fly as hell
How much was the Calvin Klein jumper thing ?
Ive never been into fashion. I only wear graphic tees, skinny jeans, and converse. But connor made me really inspired for masc/androgynous fashion and I love it.
The Dark but faded Sepia or whatever that lighting/color grading is, is fucking amazing.
Your style is amazing❤
i love the fact that connor invented the aesthetics and being aesthetic
QUE BELLEZA HPT TE AMO DEMASIADOOOOOO
Love a toddler haul!!
I love baby clothes, they are so cute. I CAN'T. 😍😭
*I'm watching this like I have a child and want inspiration for children's clothing 😂*
I've always loved how you dress Hana  and her oversized clothes. I loved this video idea !
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS FUXKING SHOUT AT THE START
Do it
Omggg so cute outfits 😍😍😍😍.  Check out here they also have cute outfits https://everykidsoutlet.com/
Heyyy, Omg Deena it shows how long I've been subscribing to you... I remember when you posted a video of your friend 'Sid khan who personalised trainers' back in the day. Do you remember that video? Now we are both mums! Lots of love to you and our fam a lam xx
Red scarf looks great oh her
I love that you dress her in “boy” clothes :)!
When you said you only buy things for your daughter I teared up because I think of my mom. Even though I'm 22 she never buys things for herself. Omg a mothers love 😰 why am I crying in the club rn
Your daughter and mine are only half a year apart :)
Alsalamu Alakuim Allah bless and protect you and Sid . I love the babies clothes they are lovely and Dina your funny. I would love to be friends sister and meet you one day. Love your hijab and sweater so cute and yes please baby clothes for adults I would love that and baby inspired abayas and hijabs . Love you 💎💎💎💎😘😘
dinaaaaaa do the adult kid clothing line!!!!!!
My toddler has that shoe and it's so cute! Love Zara kids!!!
Girls clothes are a billion times better than baby boys
Ya you pay the same price for your jacket but your jacket has much more material because it's larger and it will last you a lot longer then hers! I hate how my kids clothes is so expensive I'm like come on their clothes takes way less fabric to make! And they will only wear it for 6 months max!
Selam Aleykum! MashAllah you are very blessed. Was wondering if you would ever consider giving Hanna's old clothes to other families who have more so a low income than the average family. Would be extremely helpful but who knows, might be far fetched.. thanks!
You should work with @letclothesbeclothes  anti gender stereotyped clothing for kids xx
RIP to those who wore earphones in Dina's intro
Love the way you don't care about buying girly clothes and you dress Hana in whatever colour. So many people dress girls in pinks and boys in blue and I always have to ask WHY!? Loved the clothes anyway she's going to look cute in them. xx
It would be so awesome if Sid could do a video of him personalizing the trainers!
That was so entertaining 😂😂 loved it too much cuteness ☺️☺️
I have been saying this for years! Toddlers get all the coolest things
Beware what you put the baby in - she'll only resent you for it in 10 years' time!\n\nTwo weeks to grow in to her trainers! Lol!
Dina why don't u do a video with youre grand mother :D we miss those vlogs
What did she do on this teeth ? They changed but I don't know what is différent (I supposed they are more perfect but is not natural ) she look like Willy wonka 😐
I just received that wonderwomen jumper this morning for my toddler and she already has that grey coat 😭😂😂😂
you look awesome with that hair colour
hanna is nearly 2 now ohhhh my god time flies so fast 😩😭💗
I need to look for trendy farm clothes for my cousin 😂
i just abruptly said calm your tits down mate as soon as Dina said HI GUYS coz it was damn loud with headphones! still love it though 😁
Lol why the video title change ? £160 ish on kids clothes? Wooowwwww NOT
My cat hates your intro. Adore you, but fucking hell it’s loud.
U took forever to do this
Nice to see a fellow brit
Omg dina you have just had the best idea for your next range! Please please do big kids clothes I'm so jealous of my daughters clothes! Ps: so glad you shop for her in the boys section too. People think I hate pink, I don't, I just think there are a lot of other colours that she can also wear. 🌈
Love your lobster sweater, which brand is it?
She just launched a new trend , toddler clothing haul
Omg that toddler clothing line is such a good idea... you really should do it dina! 😍😍
FEEDBACK: Try to look more into the lens, Dina!
U have so much money to splurge over a toddler clothing and from zara! Adopt me pls
Yes.do a collection for adults inspired by todlers.
did you dye your hair yourself or did you go somewhere? love it though!! xx
I bet Hana is the most trendy kid in daycare
I feel like the hi guys gets louder every time 😂😂😂
Dina hair is perfect! She literally look like an angel with this new color! I bet it gorgeous in full! What a great mom doing shopping for her child
PLEASE DO YOUR BIG KID STORE I WOULD BUY EVERYTHINGG KIDS CLOTHES ARE THE BEST
Hana is so much better dressed than I am
The clothes are adorable, but can we focus on the real issue here? What did you do to your teeth?!
React to clothes that grow with your child
Get sid to record a video on hana’s shoe personalization!!
Hanna about to be styling!
Omg i want that animal top!!!
Y don't u show ur daughters face
is a quid and pound the same thing?
I just wanna put it out there for cat owners :\n let your cats eat grass when they want to because it contains (Fer) which is good for their digestion but almost none of cat food that we buy has it
You are a lovely mum Dina <3
You should really start a kids clothing line Dina, I reckon it would be really fun and interesting.
My daughter is 9 months, an I have been mix matching her clothes with boys 😊 the best combination to purchase. Because not all girls clothes are nice. Especially when they are all pink. So annoying right!? 👍🏽gray choice Dina.
Mama got a good taste! :)
YES!!!Would LOVE a Toddler Clothing Line by you 😃😀😁😊👟👕👚😇👶👼
How are there more clothes in this haul for hanna than I have ever owned😂
Does Hana still wear bodysuits? I'm wondering how long my toddler should wear it for.
you dyed your hair blonde! u reminded me of Ascia from the hybrids channel 😍😍
Love zara, not so much this particular haul... loved the grey polka dot hoodie though!
Love you Dina...but the color of your hair...:(
@DinaTokia I realllllllllllyyyy dot mean to be mean butttt your clothes for Hanna doesn't look um all that but ILYSM so don't get offended
My eardrums?!?!?!?!
Personally I have a few pairs of Zara jeans and I recommend them for other men.
Just saw your New mom vlog were you say you made Hannah an e-mail and use it to send her mails that she can read in the future. Im just curious do you still do that? ^_^
I have a two year old too!!! They are much funnier to dress now ! Definitely always want her clothes to wear 😍😍😍
I literally want every single piece of clothing that you showed for myself, and I am 24 years old...
Why you're shouting!
Nice hair color
little *P E W P*
Lol ilu, Dina. Been watching ur vids for years n think ur hilarious n fun ♡
Haha that'll look sick hanna
Loving the jumper Dina! :)
i need the jumper dinas wearing
I LOVEE THE BLONDE
Hanas better dressed than me lmao
Farm kids 😂😂😂😂
Louuuud Hey😯
Stupid nozy woman!
Love it
She reminds me of marina Joyce
£230 ! What
I love you Dinaaaaaaaaa 😘
Kids clothes are sooo cute ♥️♥️
13 on trending yay
TRENDINGGG
Coats look nice
#TRENDING !!!!!!!!
Dina you will get white hair early enough, enjoy your brown hair damn -_-
Ci sono altri italiani qua? Who else wore superga as a child? My favorite!!
Why does hana have better fashion sense than me
So to all the people that have ever wondered if Dina will force her daughter to wear hijab: she doesn't even force her to wear girl-only clothes
Aww how  cute. So this channel is always on trending just so the 1% of the population who happen to be muslim can feel included and not useless. sorry, i mean pathetic.
Loved this haul! ♥️♥️♥️You should go primark for Hannah! You can soooo much! Esp their shoes for kids are fab and cheap. \n\nNext is so so good for getting decent stuff esp for winter their hats and snood style matching scarves.
This same old shit for over a year \nSNL is whacked
Alec Ballsack and his dopey face have always rubbed me the wrong way.
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*  The #1 Music Download of The Day \nShare and Order You're Right here    ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
Trump is a joke!
This fat girl should start exercising and eating healthier...
Garbage SNL..gets there ratings by imitating your GREAT PREZ..TH A TS SAD...JOHN.GILDA.JANE.BILL.Hd MORE CLASS...MAKING $ OFF OUR PREZ...TOTAL CLASSLESS!
THAT FACES ARE REPUGNANT, BOTH OF THEM. THE OBESE JEW AND THE ORTHO FACE OF THE OTHER FUCKEN JEW !
What a disgusting bunch these SNL and Alec Baldwin in particular: sucking up to gangsters and terrorists.
Alabama here..I resent fake southern accents and I despise mean spirited people...on both sides. People are down right evil! People in large metropolitan areas have a distorted sense of life. I have been to large cities. They are loud and closed in and no land with green to own...unless your rich!
Spot on, LOL. The fact it bothers Trump so much makes it that much funnier.  Trump is a laughing stock and really should step down and admit he failed horribly. But his ego will not let him do this. Trump has lived in a fantasy world for so long where laws don't apply and he always gets his own way. Trump is putting his ego and stupidity before the people. That alone should be enough to get ride of the fucker and start over. Sad time in American history. Totally unwatchable as Trump would say.
here at puerto rico, just in the highway getting some of that crappy internet
Alec Baldwin is the only good thing to come out of the Trump presidency
I used to love waking up and having cereal for breakfast,\nnow every morning I'm gonna have that face in my head ( 4:47), and lose all appetite
You dumbasses really need to stop the BS, you suck. By the way Boycott SNL and all other idiotic comedians.
Awww, I was expecting more controversial issues.
Get rid of this clown. Snl is funny except for this scum bag who plays trump.
Sane and Smart people of America. Trump has infiltrated youtube. they keep messing with my posts and if u noticed they are starting to post only videos of how great trump is trying to brainwash us. Fuck you youtube and trump trying to control the media. I have already seen enough bullshit from trump. He is a sadistic son of a bitch and u can't brainwash me. Once again fuck you you tube !!!!
He punched a reporter and now does these skids..\n\nNo more movies 😆😆😆
I love Alec Baldwin I think he's an awesome actor.
Lmao.  At least the snowflakes will have SNL to dry their tears for the next 7 years.
This totally reminded me of Obama
_onald Trump .the D is missing because its in err hater mouth. Fuck you snl.fuck your mom hillary. Fuck you gay step mom obama .fuck mike obama . mutha fuck you terrorist bitches
I farted today and thought i shit my pants.  I smelled like shit all fucking day.
The true mark of failure for any actor is when the only gig they can get is to parody someone else. Pity...
Despacito 😝.... too much ! Omg ... love it ! FEMA ! Lol ... and this lady who is also awesome as Hillary Clinton  in that man costume hilarious !! ... love it ! ... I forgot her name I apologize ... don’t tweet it please !! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
anything for a buck baldwin
it's called the United STATES of America.    Which EXCLUDES territories.
You know what's really funny?  Trump is President and there is nothing you can do about it now or in the next election. Watch and see him get re-elected because he will. :)
I like Trump and hate Baldwin with a passion but this is funny shit.
Yupp a bunch of liberals making fun of the president. Hilarious.. haha so funny... im glad you feel that disrespecting our country is necessary when your in a country that allows you the privileges you have. Its disgusting. Whats hilarious is the left wing is gonna rely on the right when shit hits the fan on U.S. soil. Keep mocking.. theres a war coming.
This isn't in the least bit funny. What is funny is that liberals wanna go full SJW retard with THEIR views on body shaming and here these hypocrites are... making fun of a woman's size.
It's all part of the plan; the more chaos I cause, the less people can focus. We're all getting so tired, so tired.
His poor posture is dead on😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
SaTuRDaY NiGHT LiVe \naKa aNTi- AMeRiCan SCuM SLiMe \n@WiLL NeVeR WaTCH aGaiN\n@DiTTo NFL NaTioNaL FReaKs LeaGuE
Keep doing what you do SNL!\nWithout the laughs all we can do is cry.
Where’s President Kelly? SNL Rocks!
Wow it's amazing how SNL kissed Obama's Ass during his Presidency compared to Trump. I guess Trump does have a point on this Fake News thing lol.
This will never get old 👍👍
It's crazy how a wig cannot be made to simulate Trump's hair.
Really pathetic Alec. Man have you fallen in your career.
you guys are assholes... no respect!!!  no wonder you guys are failing, If you don't like your President for the people, for the Country... get out and leave , move! your opinions are your stupid opinions that don't reflect the the great people of America... Losers!!! MAGA!! Baldwin , you JERK!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rukNZ4JINUw
Paper Towels...
lol
Freaking hilarious! oh yes
so apparently Trump loves mentally retarded people.
mckinnon is fucking gifted
my ass hurts nigger
Yall some children
Goerge Soros is loving this.
FUCK SAT NIGHT ,BUNCH OF URINE SWILLING CUPCAKES
woo hoo!!! Donald Trump!
terrioties is all mine
I voted Trump. Greatest American President this country ever had. God bless President Trump.  God Bless America.  SNL has not been funny in 20 years
Alec Baldwin is hilarious, Trump probably cried when he saw this, poor Cry Baby con man
I think the old drunk alec baldwin is queer for Trump he hates him yet he lives to be him hahaha what a loser
8 years of Trump on SNL.  All Dems have.  They insane.  Too bad.  Dems tanking.
Surprise, surprise. It's Mr. One trick-pony doing the only thing he knows how to do. SNL so desperate for ratings that they're cow-towing to anti-Trump crowds. It's like they're saying please watch us! we exist! please, we're begging you! SNL has continued to blow ass ever since Hartman, Carvey and the others left. How it still remains on the air, while better comedy shows are axed is simply mind-blowing.
snl needs removed from tv , its not funny and the so called actors are not good actors bunch of lame snow flakes
alec is on his last legs< no one will rememeber a cracker like you< filthy scummy old cunt. when you die< demons are coming for your soul< youre racked for 50 billion years< enjoy CRACKER
Ironic isnt it how SNL can makes jokes about how desperate PR is, but still chats shit about Trump.
SNL tries so hard to keep up and be funny but it is just so lame and unfunny as fuck. I had people tickling me while I was watching this and I still couldn't laugh. - Blake Stackhouse
 We have to stop governing by crisis . --  President Obama
I love a good slice
Lord Jesus please deliver us from the Twilight Zone 😵
America shouldn't have to give its help to other countries and other countries shouldn't give their help to America. Countries must learn to stand on their own and deal with emergencies with their own money and resources. If we continue to load our money on to them, then they'll never need to evolve or grow. They must be left alone so they can develop their countries and stop taking from other countries. South America has no excuse for being poor. They have loads of good resources. It's the people that make South America so bad. Times are changing, the people have spoken and no longer will America pander to selfish lazy people. It's bringing back it's heritage, history and religion. America was built on Christian values and it's always helped us. Whether you accept that or not, I don't care, but it's true.
horrible trump impression. the guy from the president show is much better
Alec should be thanking trump for his poor excuse for humor and a job...
This is getting completely disgraceful and a violation against those suffering. Everyone at SNL including this scumbag Baldwin, needs some broken bones.
The mayor of San Juan is a commie cunt
Alec Baldwin don’t get to look so old, fat, wrinkled; like trump.  The hair isn’t enough ridiculous.   \n\nHe’s making a big favor to Trump.
Go to google and type: *gexxguides* You'll get the only 100% Working clash of clans working tool in the 2017
kate mckinnon is a national treasure
Bad thing you guys doing!!!! We have to respect our president.
I'm conflicted. I really don't like to see my former country degraded and its citizens suffering or in peril. On the other hand, I'm not not worst anymore. I'm 44th best. Woohoo!
I used to watch SNL  now it SUCKS
Go to google and type: WUMO SEO. They are the perfect Search engine optimization firm and ranked my website within just 2 months. They will either rank your site or give your cashback. I highly suggest this company.
I love the...oh no Donny, no Donny. The little Session is growing on me.
Get a life so many problem. In this country its sad that pick presdent. Look in mirror
https://youtu.be/TsOJy8Yub4c\n\nJeff sessions was inspired by igor (very end).\n\nLol I can't find a video of frankenholes kids, they sound actually exactly like this
Not funny try again.just keep the gay shit out of it? Bonehead liberals
Alec Baldwin doing the same stupid look on his face!!    Wow - Sooo original!  What an a-hole!!
personality after loud snake close fifteen diet white wrap think cooking guideline battery.
😂😂
Damn spill  my coffee
https://www.facebook.com/BIGTIGGERSHOW/videos/10154437291160295/
He deserved the Emmy.
Jump
Why does Kate McKinnon look like Howdy Doody?
pause parental visual start inspection science news physically.
trump numero #1   best president EVER!
FEMA prime? Lol I'm FEMA certified.
Remember a time when SNL could make fun of politicians and everyone regardless of their political affiliation would laugh?  Yeah, me too.  That's gone now, because you might piss off some right wing snowflakes.  And you guys call the left snowflakes? LOL.  You guys can't take a joke, like at all.
but he has helped that bitch  and her shitty little city
Well as long is trump is still president natural disasters will keep coming. Honestly he has done nothing for me since he has became president. Really a million dollars to Texas? Is that the best he can do? He is treating his presidency like one of his tv shows. He disgusts me and I'm glad I did not vote for him or hilary. He truly doesn't know the meaning of America . This is where people come to better their life. White, Black, Hispanic it doesn't matter what nationality to you are everyone comes from an immigrant generation. My grandfather was a Romanian boxer who came to America to better his life and my mother is an immigrant from El Salvador who did the same and became legal the proper way. It's amazing if you just sit down and listen to your family's stories how far they have come. Look around you we are not in the 60s anymore. I will be damned if I teach my kids to grow up racist there is good and evil in everyone no matter what race you are. Please Mr President if you say you want to make America great again start taking action NOW because I don't think I can take this anymore.
*_CIA operation chaos..._*\n*_In a not so live studio a bunch of low life D level actors take there places. A lady walks out to give direction and says_*\n*Lady* _I'm here to now inform all of you were dropping the line Its live from new York its Saturday night live to a more precise yet dead balls accurate line. The new line will be Its Not live from a Noisy YELLING CLOWN TOWN its a bunch of SLOW NEVER LIVE ACTORS..._ \n*Actors* _That's an amazing line and finally the truth to our many many years of living a lie.._\n*LADY* _YES yes and yes I agree don't you feel liberated that your out for what you really are??_ \n*Actor* _Yes were a bunch of government programed actors of a lost cold war era operation to bash politicians that aren't in line with ultimate authoritarian power of military or secret service agendas.. I mean after all did we bash COMEY or BRENNAN for there I believe there wear weapons of mass destruction or I believe the president was working with Russia yet there never is or WAS any proof..._\n*Lady* _Finally_\n*_EVERYONE TOGETHER_*\n*_Its Not live from a Noisy Yelling Clown TOWN its a bunch of SLOW NEVER LIVE ACTORS!!!!!..._*
America hasn't made any really good comedy for years. Now everything there is two hundred and ten percent political....\nI'll stick to my old shows.
This validates Trump through comedy. It's wrong, it's simply wrong
Fuck trump supporters
Bushes response to horrific weather was way worse Trump is doing much better at the job than all other presidents. You Americans must have Stockholm syndrome or something and are used to being treated like shit.Considering the alternative The Clinton Crime Family you are all very lucky to have him leading you.
Come back to Arsenal Cesc, a lot of us miss you
Barcelona Reject... TWICE!! 😂😂😂
What a fucking legend!
LEGEND
To those who were bashing on Fabregas, He said he didn't mean to throw it to SAF.The situation was so intense back then in the tunnel.He saw both team players were fighting, He went back from the locker room and decided to join the party by throwing a goddamn pizza.But instead the pizza landed on SAF ,He did apologize to him though. Good guy SAF is still covering Fabregas's ass till this day.\nREPLY
Only a la masia graduate can deliver a threaded pass with a slice of pizza. The true playmaker!
For all those triggered Arsenal fans, it’s just a joke. Relax 😂
bring him home
😂😂😂
😂😂
This guy has no class whatsoever.
fuck fabregas dat disrespectful bitch.
Fooking wanker!
I'm an Arsenal fan.. But I can't find anything funny to cheer febregas like that for what he has done.. Dude do u think throwing a pizza to a respectable manager in the premier league is pretty cool??  U should ask for apologies not admitting ur fault with this joyful face!!
all her videos are so aesthetically pleasing omg. they make you feel so cozy haha.
The biggest mystery of the year, was it an owl or a pigeon ? 😂❤️
the camera noises while focusing drive me crazy
What’s that noise in the background?? Is it the camera moving or the microphone moving or something??
wow those orange pants look so lovely on you
Who else agrees Zoe should do best friend (mark) boys my outfits like if you agree so Zoe can see this ❤️
Who else feels like Zoë can rock any outfit 😍
I wish Florida actually got cold! All those sweaters r so cute!
*buys a heck more jumpers I don't need but want so bad*
Immm loovvving the autumnal videos!!!🎃🍁🍂
Is it just me or does Zoe's makeup look soooo pretty today?
Which I thought looks like some sort of abstract wasp 😂😂😂
The pink fluffy coat looked amazing on you Zoe😍🍂😍
I just remembered that one Primark haul that you did forever ago where you talked about those black disco pants you'd always get and how you can't even imagine yourself in jeans. It's just amazing how much you've grown and how amazing your style has gotten! x
Im just watching this feeling sorry for myself because i want all of those clothes but im broke😂😂😅😅
i literally wanted every single chunky sweater they’re so beautiful 😭😭😭
Zoe you're looking gorgeous in this video 😍
Love your World so much and need it so bad during This time of year
Your hauls are my most absolute favorite videos to watch
What is your lipstick?! It's beautiful :)
Zoeee I think you look so good in those orange trousers and they just SCREAM autumn!!! Love you
OH MY GOD ZOELLA YOU HAVE THE ELLIE GOULDING BRACELET that's supporting the help for our environment
I think keepers are the second red sweater (pull & bear), the leopard print sweater and the orange trousers :)
Well done for hitting 12 million subscribers!! So proud of you. All the clothing looks amazing, so excited for autumn! CAN'T WAIT FOR HELLO WOULD🍁❤🎉😍
I love the orange trousers
OMG this video is the best need to go shopping now😍
Oh my God I love your lipstick
Thank you for the love
YES, Zoe! You're making me excited about fall.
You make me so excited about autumn 😍
love everything except maybe the knitted klots and the pink boxy jacket x gorgouse as ever love you
Please do a Primark haul I miss them
Shearling is the word you're looking for!
I now wanna go on a shopping spree :(( Loved the video, Z 💖
Love your style so much! Everything was so cute😍❤
I love when you do clothing hauls and I especially love when you do try ons in the video! Thanks for making my day better :)
Amazing love everything x P. S I love you xxxxxxxxxxxx❤
Did i miss her show the jumper she is wearing through out the video in the try on style clips??? Really love the look of it would love to see it styled X
I wish I lived in cold weather so I had an excuse to buy this many jumpers!
I love the bright yellow one! It’s adorable
You and mark should choose eachothers outfit 😂😍❤💙
Love the hi bye sweater and the sweater with roses.
Can you do more of these videos??? I love them.
By the way Zoe (if you see this comment) love the earrings  💖💖💖💖💖
Any small YouTubers want to be friends ? 💖
I wish the curtain lights in the background were still being soled
Omg Zoe you look goals in everything and your figure is stunning xxxx love you loads and I love Alfie too xxxxxxxxxx
I love the thumbnail! Zoe u top every video 💜
Obsessed with this girl 😍💖
Zoes style is my favorite I want clothes like here's when I'm older!❤️🍂🦉✨🌻🍁❤️
I don't think I'm a fan of the frilly trousers thing 🤔 I love the orange trousers though xx
love you so much
You looked really tall in this video 💜😂can't wait to see you at helloworld
I loved all the jumpers and I want to buy them all but they would look horrible on me
Please keep all the red jumpers ❤ they are so flattering and pretty 😻😻
Oooh I do love a good ruddy clothing haul! Xxx
That fur effect I think is called shearling. I got a new leather jacket with a collar like that on it
The orange trousers look amazing on youuu!!! ❤️
WEAR WISH OUTFITS FOR A WHOLE WEEK PLEASEEEE. It would be hilarous
The pom-pom earrings are so cute 😍
Congrats on 12M sorry I'm late!♥♥♥♥
Oh my gosh half the haul were different sweaters but I loved it
The background looks like her old spare room in her old house
Zoe is just so gorgeous <3
3:24 huge little eyelets😂
I❤YOU
6:04 body goals ❤️
My favorite video ever 💕
😍😍x
love the gray jumper!
YOU EARINGS, vibing with ittt
Congratulations on 12 million! Woo Hoo!
I really love your cute earrings!! 💓
i LIVE for clothe hauls
Lllooovvveee❤️😍🌏
*houndstooth haha
was waiting for thissss
Zoe u r soo pretty
7:26 had me roaring with laughter !!
OMG CONGRATS ON 12 MILLION SUBS😍💗😭Xx
LOVE your earrings
Sugg Sunday Specials are the oneee😘
I love your earrings! 🍂🍂
Awwww there is a owl in the tree ...............................wait is it a pigeon 😂😂😂😂😂      -------- Zoella 2017 💗💗💗
you sould do more vids like this;)
The thumbnail so not Zoe, but I absolutely LOVE IT! x
Is it me or can anyone else hear a frog coroking???
I just went to Vere-moda today was amazing
Yes Zoe I like  all of them except the navy pattern flowers jumper 💞 you look so beautiful in all of them maşallah 😍😍💞💞🙈🙌🏻🔥we love you so much as well z xx
Zoe’s fashion sense is literally my favourite thing ever! X
Best line up, autumn leaves and coffee ☕️,Halloween🎃 , (my birthday) and for brits guy Fawkes 💥 and then December is self explanatory🎄
I must say your makeup is on fleeeekkkk
You looked soo sad when you said is that a pigean
When you want to dress like Zoe but probably wouldn't pull off the things she wears as good as she does lmao 😂😂😂
any small youtubers down to support each other 🌸🌸
Your earrings are adorable ❤️
Primark dose a teddy bear coat
Yas Zoe
Early!
I ly Zoe 💓💓💓💓
Stop being in my recommended
I thought this was about cheating but I'm glad it's not
The video looks like it was made by a 14 year old😂
I don't understand the video.\nCould someone explain it to me pls
Nice song and words
thought the whiteboy in the beginning was that jake/logan paul dude
it's stuck in my head
you go girl !!! ✊
Cute
Oh I'm overwhelmed dear..😇
Sarah's back at it again with the amazing song and video oml 😭😍💕 love you!!
It's amazing how you started from covering other artists songs and now others are covering your songs ☺ btw, great song!! 😁🙌
IM SO SAD THAT I DIDNT GET TO SEE HER ON TOUR
This video is so aesthetically pleasing. Love you so much, Sarah!!!
Beautiful video.I love your songs \nGreetings from Poland :)
I have never been in a relationship before but this video somehow melted my heart.
Anyone realized that after party studios produced this? (Callux's company) pretty dope!
The only you song that I know and will recognize is by Captin Jack.
I love the vibe of Sarah songs😭💗 soooooooo goooood
Who would dislike this
I'M SO PROUD OF SARAH I LEGIT CRYING RN AAHHH
Maybe you will get some @ChillNation support for this one. Awesome Track! 😍
Sarah's voice is so relaxing and soothing
I love it! Now give me a slow one of just you and the piano. Gosh, I'd love that.
When I first saw her friends I thought that was jake paul Paul and Erika Costel
Thought that was Pewdiepie in the thumnail
Wow video quality is great and the song is good 8.5/10 😂
That's great , loved it !!!!!
Who wants Sarah to cover 1800 by logic?
Sounds like a Trap Nation song
absolutely amazing video, well done, you should be so proud!! Love it 💜
What’s callux’s opinion on your “boyfriend”
Wtf is Gareth Walker from Fifa 17-18 doing on here then
Sarah words can’t describe how good this is
I discovered you just a few days ago and girl I'm IN LOVE 😍 this is a fave song so far, been on repeat for past 4 days.
Still can’t take the song seriously when it’s Gareth Walker In the video ahaha
Looks like Sarah is team Walker.
Willne send me here but this is so good😍
im sorry for laughing but i cracked up at the first shot when she's in the bathtub and the angle is so funny 😂
NEED a behind the scenes! Loved this! X
Probably my favourite songs of hers or call me out xxx
Was the other people she went to the beach with her friends or was it suggesting they were all a bit more than friends?
wow this is an amazing video, loved it
your fave could never outdo mine when it comes to third wheeling 🤷🏽‍♂️
I heard this song for the first time this morning and i'm loving it! Everything about it
SUCH A GOOD ONE!!! So proud Sarah!!! <3
Such a beautiful video, this opened up a completely new meaning to the song which just shows your ability to write a song that is translatable in other ways to others, one of my favourite songs at the moment and for sure a fave video of yours Sarah x
Class. She really is class.
Hey!! It’s Gareth Walker.
This is just magical
Aghhhhhh one of the only artist that doesn’t hide behind autotune make this go viral pleaseeeee❤️❤️❤️
Watched over 100 times. I still love it😍
This is BETTER THEN GOOD
WoAhhhhh
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Me encanta♡
Cheating?!
Isle of Wight Legend <3
Love the acting!
Nice music
#43 TRENDING HERE IN JORDAN 💞
Amazinggggggg
Oh shit Gareth Walker the snake
Amazing and sad
AYYY YOURE ON TRENDING GIRL CONGRATS💙🖤
AMAZING!!!
THIS IS AMAZING WELLDONE SARAH 😱❤️❤️
Amazing
Perfection.
💩
love this too.
Nice song
Is that flipping Gaz Walker! Haha awesome!
I LOVE THIS❤️❤️!
Now accepting wife applications..
your best videoe yet
Perfect
Is that gaz Walker?
Beautiful
YESSSSSS SARAH! Love this ;-;
Food
Gareth f*cking Walker why Sarah why
Here because willne
im sad
Gareth Walker...
Proud proud proud of you!!!🌸🌸🌸
Hay I liked that :)
Loved this!
Woow! This song is lit!
Yasssssss!! Queen beeeeee!
From willne snapchat
THIS IS FREAKING AMAZING!!!
Yessss
Wait where have I seen that guy before🤔...
that tweet about that she thinks girls turn girls on way too easily.. was that like some homophobic move or..? tf
IM SUBBING EVERYBODY WHO SUBS ME AND COMMENTS ON MY VIDEOS ! I MAKE AWESOME VISUAL EFFECTS! BEST VIDEOS YOU'LL  EVER SEE!!
The realness in this is amazing. Seriously wonderful job
Horrible. Unworthy. I dont feel nothing.
Hang on...is that Gareth Walker?
Bit shit lets be honest
Why are people calling him a sellout? What’s wrong with trying to make money by doing the same job in a different way?
I'm buying this. Ive perfected cooking hot pockets and totinos pizza's so now is the time to take my cooking to THE NEXT LEVEL!
I preordered it from amazon but t was delayed ;(
I have a challenge for you. Nero Wolfe's saucisse minuit, from the book series. Someone tried it out and agreed that these sausages are the best they ever had -- high art : https://inspiredbywolfe.wordpress.com/2011/06/15/saucisse-minuit/\nI want to see what YOU think of the taste.
please make CHEESY BLASTERS FROM 30 ROCK.
Sold out on Amazon 😭😭😭
Can you make some stuff that's cookable at a basic college dorm one video?
(Sees book) cool I'll buy it when I get my next paycheck\n(Hears he'll autograph the book if you preorder it) TAKE MY MONEY
Pre-ordered, unfortunately not in the UK store until November, Bleh!
Ordered mine little over a month ago, excited to get it and for the contest! He did say automatically entered right?
Just one cookbook more on planet earth. Don't give a shit cause it's nothing special!
BETTER HAVE BLUE MILK BITCH!!!!!
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩🖕🏻🖕🏻💩🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
Can you do fezzik's stew from princess bride and/or luxury pie from black books?
Congratulations! Very cool!!
Mine is on the way.
Let's meet at the Secret Bitch.
I can't afford this right now..........
I'm too late!!! Nnnnoooo!!!
So do I need to eat this video? (But really all jokes aside nice book and the dishes look delicious)
Dude October 3rd is my birthday
My birthday is Oct 3
@Binging with Babish My brother, Michael Chapa, has been a fan of yours for a long time. In fact he is also the one who introduced me to your channel. I would like to buy him a signed book.... is there any way I can get this? Please and thanks!\n\nAlso can people thumb up so he might see this comment?
Wow damn dude this is a great idea/book. \nLove the cover art!!!!
http://huredrhjto.bid/8711966267852/
I AM SO READY TO BUY THIS BOOK \nHopefully there's an audiobook too cuz I could listen to your monotone voice for hours
I watched you blow up from 70k to over 1.5m and now having your cook book
*On Sale* DZ90 Smartwatch\nhttp://www.ebay.com/itm/272872707002
Already PRE ORDERED
I just got it aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yay QUQ I can't wait for it to arrive
Congrats *^*
Just bought your book. \nIt's out of stock.  Do you know when I'll be getting it?
wait, does it mean anyone who pre-order the book can have the signature or have the chance to win the signature?
He's out of stock!!! Nooooooo
tbh for the pre orders u should stick the books in the envelopes and the signed one mix them up and lable them so you send them out with no clue to who the winner is XD
When to get book realized it was already out of stock
Yeah, my pre order got delayed too...ordered it back in aug...sux...but I still want so I wait
Preordered it a while back, can't wait to get it! Congrats!
Im super excited, preordered this for my dad almost 2 months ago. Cant wait for it man, loved basically every dish youve made on here
Do ship to Australia
Preordered it a few weeks ago, and now I’m seeing ‘sold out’ on Amazon, with no estimated ship date. Looks like demand surpassed supply by a long shot.
#11 trending!
There better be ratoutouolle
Sold out on Amazon! Congrats, Andrew!!!
I already saw this yesterday at the Tennement Museum's gift shop in NYC!! So exciting
Just saw the video so I missed pre-order by one day...
Will you ever make a Russian dish, if so can you call the episode binging with babushka\nBabushka means grandma in Russian
I watch Booty I eat Booty
It is weird to watch this when you struggle with binge eating disorder...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4Xl2Tk-JF4
I wanna get that if it is available to Australia
I'm exited for the book, but will it have a metric system version coming out ? i don't want to have to do all the conversions myself
Morning Joe nails the dark fantasy fueling gun nuts: They buy military weapons ‘to kill American soldiers’\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQy9jBMoL-Q
Pre ordered dude! my wife can't wait!
Does it come with both Fahrenheit and Celsius for oven heat temperatures?
Sdg jazz
Can you do the best cheesecake in the world that Rachel and Chandler stole in friends?
I need to interview this man and ask him what makes him get such brilliant writing.\n\nAndrew, your passion for alliteration is often keeping me coming back to this fabulous channel.\n\nThat, and the food.\n\nI Youtube for a really niche group, Trading Card Games, and even then, I wish to emulate and learn from you as a content creator.\n\n\nYou got the stuff. Idunno what it is. but you got it.\n\nThat being said, Hope your book sells and goes Triple Truffle or whatever cooking books do when they sell out in the millions.\n\nI know what I'm begging friends to get me for Christmas...
Props man! Love your channel!
Dude, it's sold out
Mine!!! Pre ordered a while ago! Cant wait :))))) YER A BADASS BABISH
Yayayay it's out today!!!
I hope I can grab one in time
Super excited to pick this up when it comes in! Does anyone now if there is an online merch store?
Congrats
I bought your book last month for my b-day. (it was even on sale for $15) ^^ Looking forward to it!
You should try and make Monster Cake from Breath of the Wild! I'd love to see how you'd go about making your own 'Monster Extract' for the recipe!\n\nEdit: Seems you've already done this! Good show!
Pre-ordered
My dude is trending :D
Do you ship to New Zealand and do I still get a personalised copy if I don’t pre-order?
copy paste comment
He inspire me to be a better cook, but I'm too lazy to upload any content..
I'm 100% buying this. \nThinking of making it my mom's christmas present!
This will be an amazing gift for Xmas. My girlfriend will have no idea. She loves your stuff!
You should do JT barbecue sauce from planet terror
Pre-ordered right when you first announced it!! I'm so F-word (yes that one XD) ready!!!
Sadly can't pre-order ,amazon hates me for so reason and aren't no barnes and noble here , but sure as  shiz I'm getting this book \n\nYou should make calzone from parks and recreation  and make it with low fat ingredients ( be a nice homage  to Ben Wyatt with The Low cal calzone zone)
I have to wait till Wednesday to get this.\nI swear to God, if this sells out in one day...
hey you should give 100% of the sales of this book to the victims of las vegas!
Make a coconut cream pie from iCarly
Will there be a audio book version so I can hear your smooth voice while trying out the recipes?
the only YouTuber book I can get behind
i want the book but i dont have amazon in my country
Wasn't able to preorder, but I am DEFINITELY getting this book!
Cook me food or I will murder u I want one of those umami burgers and NY pizza and Strudel and bbq
@bingingwithbabish you should do an episode on Milhouse's dad's recipe for a rice sandwich,
Got an email from Amazon today saying that my pre-order has been delayed. No shipping date currently available. :(
Amazon told me it was delayed... I pre-ordered this like a week after he first announced it. Why has it been delayed if it hit bookshelves?
Any word on what's going on with the Amazon delay?  Preordered the day it went live, and Amazon has NO idea when it's gonna ship.
Soooooooo got an email today saying that the delivery of the cookbook had to be pushed?  Is there any say when they new delivery date will be? Just wondering.  Looking forward to receiving my copy!!!!!! 🙌🏽🙌🏽💃🏽💃🏽💃🏽
Really disappointed that I pre-ordered months ago and am now being told I won't even get it until November if not later. Rather poorly handled book launch.
Amazon is now saying my preorder from August won’t ship until November 😭😭 This was supposed to be my birthday present to myself!
It's funny because it looks like a film reel but in the top right corner it looks like a pizza slice hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
I ordered it back in August but Amazon seems to have failed me on delivering it in time. RIP
#11 ON TRENDING WOOOOHOOOO
I watched you when you had barely any views on videos...and now you have an amazing cookbook coming out 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 great work man, keep it up!!
Go to google and type: WUMO SEO. Its the most excellent Search engine optimization company in the world. If they can not rank your websites, they will offer you100% money back guarantee. They're the incredibly best.
I have the best cook book ever. It's called the internet. I can learn to make anything. So I will save my money and instead of buying some dumb cookbook I'm gonna buy some groceries.
I'm pretty disappointed, dude, I know this is popular but I pre-ordered this through your Amazon link on August 24th in Canada. Today I'm informed they are out of stock and it'll be delayed. It's a surprise gift for my girlfriend who introduced me to your wonderful channel. It's not your fault, I know, but pretty frustrated at a system that sells you a pre-order and they don't tell you it's not available until the night of expected delivery.
Can't wait to torrent this.
Ty dolla since the  early days. Any Beach house never lets me down
The hook so good,but i can't hear these shitty verses
If u like this song \nPls look this 💣\nhttps://youtu.be/JluDaRy11Wo
Anyone looking for passive income click on the link An take the first step https://3d57bc91.usi-tech.info/
Man.... Why did you betray us just like that... Yu becoming one of'em new boys.
Stole a nigga whole style and the song still shitty. 😂😂😂#CincinnatiShit
Im disappointed tbh. I mean its not awful but these two could've made something wayy catchier. Dawsin's Breek I feel like only appeals to certain people.
DID U REALLY JACK LANZE'S STYLE?
Ty \n making horse sounds and shit
nobody cares if you're from Brazil or not
Add migos for the remix
On some real shit tho, does anyone know what's going on between ty dolla and Lauren form 5h????
Here before a million views
👽👾👽👾👽
MikeWillMadeIt!
FIRE!!!!
#Littttttttt 🔥🔥🔥🔥
💕💕💕
This song makes me wanna do inappropriate things
This songs my head scrrrrrr......,,,,,,,
STOP BITING OFF LANZE'S STYLE JEREMIH YOU FAKE ASS
Ty always stays ahead of the game
If You're Interested, You Can Listen To My Afro Pop Sound Here - https://soundcloud.com/shaq-deff . Follow If You Think I'm On To Something Good. Excuse The Mix Though. And I'm No Spammer Lol.. Just Looking To Spread My Sound.
this song reminds me the girls in the stripclubs are actually possesed by demons.
was here before 100 000 viewers October 2017
Ty Dolla made this beat sound special
how a strip club would look like in pirates of the caribbean.
pure dirt for the skills they have
But that's just the video, I still love the song & Ty tho 🙏💯🔥
Why his lyrics so basic? He got potential but need to step it up.
naw
Jeremih 🔥🔥🎸
I hope its better songs on the album
Beach House 3 is on the rise & lookin good 🔥💯
This song makes want to masturbate then go an watch porn
lol. video took about 3 hours to film with just taking place at a strip club and smoking and twerking. took two days to put together. Very original... never the less good song.
This song makes me want to force a dude to suck my dick even though I'm straight.
I love this crasy sexual fantasy - Ty4ever.
2:27 and everything Zombie got real sexy
Why this nigga in strip clubs for all his songs?
Take jeremih off the song, half ass verse
Why is jermiah stealing lanze style
I just got designed with tribal paint and surrounded by Aztec women through this beat .🔥🔥
are we expecting a debut?
This be bouncin in my car
One of them is Nina Ross
What the fuck was that Jermiah? Did you sneeze on the track by accident and they put your name on there? Only good part of this song was the chorus and it’s just for the electronic keyboard in the BG. I love Ty but jesus man this was fucking weak for the beat potential
This is actually so fucking bad.
Sup with the sound quality...big tune tho
i love dolla sign and jeremih but this shit sucks
Jeremih is to much for mee😢
This song make me wanna call my landlord and ask for rent money.  #Dawsin's Breek
The beat in this song goes Skrrrrra
Great video
Its lit !!!!
this  song makes me to buy a sunglas and look again the video
this song makes me want to eat a burger with a fork and knife
FUCK! IT IS GREAT! VERY GOOD! NICE!
Okay!! this turned out dope Ty!!!
Asquito men
Na na na na na
https://youtu.be/IGbykdUDy3k
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
a crack the dolla a fucking crack el mejor esta buena la music
Best song on the year !! 100%,лучшая песня в этом году и клип топ
Jeremiah get yo own style cuzzo thats lanze style
Damn it sound like Jeremiah was diisin Lanze..??!
He sings good too
********** Check out REACTION VIDEO  Ty Dolla $ign - Dawsin's Breek ft. Jeremih: https://youtu.be/K0ZqPMEKRQg
Smooth aff
Ty be staying with them bangers 🌊🌊🌊🔥
é nois que tah pohaa
Camren is real🙂✋🏻
BR
0:01 Rake it Up YoGotti ft Nicki Minaj ❤❤❤
This ish HARDDD !
Nice!!
Brasil 🐍🇧🇷
lit
MAIOR REFERÊNCIA.. EXPLODEE CARAIOWW
early squad?
Why yall biting off the guy lanze from the NATi. U industry niggaz is bitches fr
пидорас нигер ебаный
musica top em curti pra caramba
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👀
HEATER !!
Dolla Sign and Jeremih is always a 🔥🔥🔥 collab
Camren
💥💥👌👍
<3
Completamente apaixonada nesse som 😍😍😍
LIT AF 🔥🔥
x
beast
🔥lit vocal🔥\n\n.
Jeremiah bitting lanze style lol song WACK
Paranoid video 2.0
Satânico essas imagens! Vou dar deslike dessa vez, não me fez bem.
Paused porn for this.
HAVANA OH NA NA
I LOVE HER! SOOOOOO CUTE AND TINY!!!!!💕💕💕💕💕💕
Mae is my middle name too
Omg I haven't been watching for ages and now gus is so fat
shes so tiny and so cute omg and i have 3 cats and yours is too cute😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Does Gus still have the brown poo butt fur?
I started to rewatch haters back off tonight lol
What kind of cat is Daisy?
I have a cat called dasie She is fat
Do more Miranda Sings videos please . ❤
Omg what sort of cat is she 😍
Lmao, the look in Gus's eyes o_O
The 350 people who disliked are probably the dog lovers
What type on cat is daisy
YOU GOT A NEW KITTEN ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
If you can get a cat to like you, thats one step closer to the cat not killing you in your sleep. Great!
I used to have a major cat who was just as fat and last as Gus and now have a female kitten (4-5 months now) and she’s such a spaz and still hasn’t calmed down 😂😂 she also has an Instagram @themightymaya
She's so adorable! I kinda already knew you got her because I saw your Snapchat story. Love her 😍❤️‼️
I love that name!!!!!!   My dogs name is daisy mae
Meep my cats name is Daisy Mae aghgaghad im sorry I’m excited also I love Daisy okay bye
u should do a miranda vid with the new kittie
Can't wait for both the cats to play around and Colleen, make more vlogs. I love cats.
My cat is named Daisy too 😂
Hi Colleen you are my favorite! Right now I have been doing pretty bad because of my Grandma passing and right now you are making me happy
My gramma's dead dog was named Daisy Mae...
My middle name is May!!!
I have a persian cat too❤
She is the cutest thing in the wolrd
She got it from a breeder -_-
OMG SO CUTE please get her a HUGE dress case shes so tiny it would be sooo cute
OMG MY DOGS NAME IS DAISY I NAMED HER AFTER MY BEST FRIEND A TEDDY BEAR
My old kitty hated my little one at first too and now they're inseparable 😂💕 congrats on growing your family
She's soooooooooo cute omg 😍😍 (ps that means a lot coming from dog obsessed me lol😂)
YOU SHOULD HAVE NAMED HER DOUBLE BUBBLE 😂 daisy is adorable too she looks like a daisy
My dogs name is daisy
I cried during this because my dog named Daisy Mae \nDied
Oh. My. Gosh. You are living my life I just got a new kitten and I already had a fat lazy cat and my new cat just bolts around All playful and then will be the most cuddly thing ever and my fat cat HATES my new kitten she will not stop hissing.
Mae is my middle name too 💓
so let me get this straight.....you live with several gay men and two cats?? are you ok colleen?
ME AND MY FAVORITE YOUTUBE HAS THE SAME MIDDLE NAME AS ME OMG!!!!! AHH
she's like my cat
what kind of cat is she, please like so colleen can see this, i want to know!!!
SHES SO CUTE! I WOULD ADOPT HER!!\n\nbtw, what breed is she? Shes adorable!
Love how you got Gus around this time last year!!!!
I have never watched any of your videos before, but I have to say she looks so cute! I hope you two have fun together!
My middle name is may
She's so cute
When I saw it I was like OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG I WANT HER
my sisters dogs name is daisy may duke
COLLEEEN! I'm here from Snapchat and I am absolutely taken with how Guss Guss is so caring towards Daisy. They are so unbelievably cute and I love them both so much!  💙💙
Omg why do I feel like Gus should have a British accent
That is so cute😸
I would have named her bubblegum
I liked precious a lot better. Daisy is kind of basic.
where'd you get her from?
My friends dog is also named Daisy Mae
Omg she's so cute your making.e want a cat
When we first got our kittens, our older cat hated them. Then he ended up loving them.
OMG  my cat looks like my cat so up to downdraft
My name is daisy just using anothr account ayyayayayayayayyayayayayayys
Who else is getting Remi Vibes with the name...
Bro she was about to name her cat after me yes I know precious is my real name
Colleen: She’s like: “LEMME DOWN MAMA! I WANNA PLAY!” I love Colleen...😍😍😍
I thought you would name her Pearl
I am called daisy
My cats name is daisy too XD
my first thought was oh another cat for Kory to take care of lol..
Im already making the pouting face 6 seconds into this video \nomfg\nshes so tinyyyy
VIDEO OF GUS AND DAISY PLAYING FOR LIKE 20 MINUTES
OMG SHE’S SO CUTE!!!!!! Love !!!  Why do I love the chunks?
My cats name is Daisy
I have a cat named Daisy. The kitten is soooo cute!!!
My guinea pigs name is daisy!!❤️🤗🐹
My cats called Daisy 😂😂
SHES SO FUCKING CUTEEE
DAISY MAE? REMI CRUZ WYA. WOT
MY DOG IS DAISY JDJSIAVBJSKDBDJAKABS
SHE IS SOOOO CUTE 😭
wait til they start having sex
Is gus gus still sweet
Gus got so big
That girl was sooooo rude
Awwwwww Gus and daisy are soooo cute
#so cute
My name is Daisy ochoa Cervantes OMG 😂😲😱
OMG
So cute!
Cooke
Awwwww the kitten is soooo cute 😻😻😻
She soo cute oml
I want her omg ❤️❤️❤️😊
“She’s sassy” “she’s sassy” “she’s sassy”
SOOOOOO CUUUUUUUUUTE!!!!!!!!!
Awwwwe
SO TINY\nSO CUTE\nSO FLUFFY\nMUST PET
Aww www
ANOTHER ONE 😍😍
That a cute kitty 😍
OMG MY MIDDLE NAME IS MAE TOO!!’ AHHHH <3
OMG SHES ADORABLE OMG MIM DYING
Another one lol yasss
I love how cozy your vidoes have been recently.
Thank you for the honesty Amelia ! I also wanted to share that as soon as you said that you come from everywhere I knew you had to Middle Eastern. I feel like middle easterns have been so shamed over the past decade that they ended up believing (myself included) that they should be ashamed of where they come from and that being Middle Eastern makes you less valuable to others. It is so sad. I am both lebanese and canadian. When friends used to ask me where i reaaaally come from, I used to be so ashamed and I used to make up pretty stupid lies to say that I was italian. Looking back at it now, I am so proud to be lebanese. I am also proud to be canadian. And whoever treats me differently after knowing where I reaaally come from is the problem. They're what's wrong, not me. LOVE LOVE :)
Shout out to your family and friends taking pics: they do a great job! Thank you for sharing their work!
best/fave instagram filters?
Brilliant. So refreshing to watch somebody natural and honest with no pretext. Respect.
I loved this relaxed video, thank you for everything! I've been following you for a long time and you're always special
thank you for your honesty!
love you xoxo sending good vibes
That's a really great video, thanks for that Amelia !
My dad n yours seem a lot alike!! I thank God for him on a daily bases!! Lol he solves our 4 dramatic sisters problem in a 💓 beat!
Love learning more about you Amelia 😊
Duke :3 such  a cutie pie
thank you for your answers :-)
That video is like a couple of years late haha 💜 Luv ya xx
Interesting video, thanks, enjoyed that.
You are such a ray of sunshine amelia <3 much love from the Philippines!
India ❤️❤️❤️
Where is Greg?
Wow, loved this video 😊
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are adorable! Thank you!
Hi Amelia form Hong Kong, may I know what are the biggest challenges when you started living alone in London? Would love to know more about living alone as a girl <3
Finally someone! Good vid. Girl.
Loved this video !!!!!!
Love you
Thx for the Chat ❤️
loved your candid answers!
When will you come to Atlanta, GA IN USA??
I loveeeed this video!
Yh you defo look arab
Love you even more now girl ! xx
I knewwwww there is a bit of Arabin blood in you ! I swear I knew your mom has in on her !
Loved that video 😍😍😍😍 Feel like I know you better. Kisses from Greece 😊
Love this video darling, please do more of these videos because we see all these videos with makeup and clothes and brands. It’s good to see something different answering questions which we all have in our mind. I hope you do more of these. Love you ♥️
Love this video! Would you let us know what hoop/spikey earrings you're wearing?!
This was such an interesting video, really enjoyed it!! xx
you look really pretty and radiant. Love the barely there makeup!
So many questions finally answered! Great video x
What do you use to edit your photos
OMG YOU ARE SO BOMB! Loved the video yayy
love you and i hope you speak `Arabic soon
That voice pitch on doing talking to duke 😂 lol okay Mariah.
This was hilariously casual loved it
You're so sweet 😽
Love your Q and A's! <3
Where is your watch and bracelet from??xx
Great video!  Thank you for sharing!  Your authenticity always comes through in your videos which is why I love watching.
Really enjoyed this chatty video, so nice to sit down with you and listen x
Such a nice cosy little video. Feels like an 'at home with' segment! Throwback to the times you just chatted away from your family home's kitchen.
I love this video ❤️😍😍😍😍
I loved this cozy and chatty video! Thank you! Would you like to do a video about tips to dress as a short person? Like what type of chlothes suit you best if you have a small figure? Best, Diana
You look so pretty with natural make up!
Lovely video Amelia, your family sounds wonderful! xx
Your mum and friends make amazing pictures. Job well done. I am a huge advocate for if you can do it yourself you do it yourself. It saves so much money as well and the results are amazing. Xx
I have one question, I just wonder if you and Tijan are still friends. I don’t mean to be too intrusive I’m just curious cause you seemed to be old friends. \n\nKisses from Dominican Republic!
You look so fresh and glowing without the winged liner 😍
Yes Amelia, I loved this video from you! i'm so glad i got to hear you just candidly chatting about yourself :) i'm dying for a persian dinner cooking video! :) xxx
Y is Duke so cute?❤❤ I loved this video because I got to know Amelia much more and she seems like an amazing human being ❤🔥
Loved this video... so original 😍
I love your boobs :D lucky girl! And it was clear that they are natural :P baci baci
I loved this video!! ❤️
I loved this video Amelia! You're so authentic and down to earth and it was really interesting to watch! <3
Loved this video sooo so much! xx
i actually really like your hair in this video!!!
Best video to watch when procrastinating! For part 2, I’d love to know what your religion is, if you are religious that is? :) off to clean my room now! Xx
can you do a video about the pill? love you
Great video. Hope you do more videos like this. I love your no-makeup look.
I loved this sit down and chat kind of video!
You are so darling! I love knowing more about you! Xoxo
Loved the vid! And the relaxed vibes / look on you is so gorgeous and glowing!
I love your minimal make up in this video! You look beautiful! If you do a part 2 can you talk about what your parents do for a living and what your childhood was like in London?
I haven't watched a video of yours in a while, they haven't caught my eye, but this one was great! It flew by and I found everything you said really interesting.
Love this casual and chatty video!!
Love this video, you are so great!!!
I loved the vibe of the video ....especially how you were sitting. learned a lot!! of course love you more now ❤❤❤❤
Would love to know more about your Religious beliefs! X
I liked this! It was really sweet. Hope you have a lovely week 😊
Great video....you look so much prettier with minimal makeup
cool! loved learning more about you!
Thanks for being so open and honest with us! That's why I love your videos - you seem so genuine!
I love this video Amelia!!!1 Please do a part 2.
I love this video! I think my favorite of yours 😊
I just love you? you're so dorky and funny <3
Loved this so incredibely much!! Great one Amelia☺️Appreciate that you are keepin it real with us ❤️🙈
I always thought you were Persian and perhaps Albanian. Nonetheless, you're one beautiful mixed race woman!
Now do answers you have never questioned
I really enjoyed this laidback video :) Especially you answering the “work” questions:) Now my question may seem weird, but I’ve been reading so much about this so I’m curious about your thoughts: Why don’t you have business account on Instagram? And maybe any comments on Instagram and it’s current algorithm? How do you find it?
I am from Iraq thats really interesting to know where  u r from ...love ur videos
Love your real ness ! Do another video if you can. 😘
loved this video!!! thanks for answering re: earning on youtube!
which foundation are you using here?? your skin looks amazing, and also what's on your lips?? :)
we wanna see your dad !!! :D wanna see the resemblance ;) :P
Really interesting to hear about your work and how you make a living. You sound very passionate about it. Would love to learn more about how you ‘do business’ and how hiring people to help you has allowed you certain freedoms or the ability to fast track or grow your blogging.
Can't wait for the Vlogs!!😘😘❤️❤️
Know I would love to see your mum speak Arabic 😍
I love this video , thanks for being so honest and real 😘please do a part to , would love to know how you got into YouTube ?  Xxxx
I thoroughly enjoyed this video. I've been following you from the early days and this is one of my favourite videos. Looking forward to the DNA video!! x
what NAIL POLISH COLOR are you wearing??? its such a perfect in between pink!
Why are your eyes so far apart?
I would love to win your giveaway 😍😍
Brother, I wish you achieve the success you deserve. You make really great music
Jacob Banks... stop. Now. There's only so much room in my playlist for a single artist. This isn't right. You're *too* good
I can relate so much. Both of my parents are so disconnected it just makes the rest of us feel that way too. I don't really consider them as my parents anymore but just as two more people in the house. I once wished we could fix our relationship like they did in the video but after years of mistreatment, I stopped caring. Sorry for the long comment, I'm a big fan of Jacob Banks. His songs and music videos are always on point, he deserves more recognition for the art he puts out.
I'm a simple guy, if i see a jacob video i like it
i didn't plan on crying today
Still confused as to how you're not crazy popular!!!
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?137387163
Damn he's good wasn't expecting that
I can’t wait for his beautiful music to start blowing up everywhere.. both his voice and his lyrics are out of this world 😭❤️
Keep doing what you are doing Jacob Banks. Great song.
Been a long time fan of him and even I was not prepared for the emotion on display here. His voice is unreal, his lyrics are surreal, he embodies soul.
Such a great voice and well deserved of a feature in our Spotify Playlist!!! https://open.spotify.com/user/thekingsparade/playlist/3gqsk54XkLaySwNvJyXhDG
I am so in love with this my views are probably gonna take it to the millions
This is relates between me and my mother. Mom I knew you’re love a younger one more than me and everyone in a village knew it. Even dad had to asked me “can you love your mother more than you love me?” But Mom, I do loves you a lot only all I need is can you loves me likes you loves my sister?
What happened to the original video of the couple fighting? That was a more suited
This is waaaaaaaaaaay to good! music, voice... and damn!... the feeling! This is  A M A Z I N G!
LOVE YOUR MASTERPIECE BRUV... I'LL LISTEN TO YOUR MUSIC TILL I DIE.
i am from ALGERIA  and to be honest guys. this song is liiiiit
I love you my brother,  very unique voice  an original
I love this song. It speaks to the depths of my soul. And this video resonates deeply.
WHAT A GORGEOUS SONG.  BRAVO!!!!!!!    I'M FULL CAPS!!!!!!!
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
Such pure and beautiful talent❤️ I love this so much
Most fools don't care about this type of music unless there's twerking, guns, and drugs being used! Me I love it and live for it! Thank Jacob &  your Team!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤!!!!! Omg! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤  .  THE artist in you, wow, is amazing!!
This is pure art really!!
Jacobs ...I wonder how you do it... you so good.
I don't know why. But I cried
👍
Jacob banks in one word underrated
This made me cry . I'm your biggest fan
Seems like the internet has been scrubbed of the OG video. I wonder why?
You listen to the song and you’re like “Damn this is deep!”. And then you see the video...
Liked before even the video started
how is this not a hit?
Hope you one day come to Australia one day mate! I'd be keeeeen
Love this song 😩😩😩 why am I now just finding out about you!
Omg the moment he started singing I got goosebumps. Amazing 👌🏽
This video makes it 10x more emotional for me..
Your productions are always so different and powerful. I love it. Keep it up!
Amazing !!! Made me tear up a bit ♥️
What happened to his old music video for this song??
Uruguay present bro the best men
the energy in his voice is....breathtaking
I'm so ready for Jacob Banks to get huge. He is amazing... So much emotion in your singing. I love it.
This is so beautiful and soulful. You have a new subscriber and fan. Keep it up.
You deserve to be on top. You're the definition of black exellence
Great song and story
How have I never heard of this beautiful black man before. This was pure magic <3
I love soul music, thanks a lot 🙏🏾 ! Good and great music ! God bless you and good luck 🍀👍🏽
Great video as always dude, hoping to see you in the Sugar Club in Dublin in December. Judging by your Mahogany sessions videos it's gonna be fun!!!
His songs always have such deep meanings. He puts so much emotion into every song❤
I’ll get married to him or someone similar to him I promise 🙌🏾
When you hear the same person singing the same lyrics twice thinking he put his soul on it both times, this same person comes and does this.... Masterpiece Mr Jacob Banks, Masterpiece...
Can't wait to see you in Amsterdam!
I already really loved the live version of this song on mahogany session a while ago but the clip makes everything even more moving! \nYou're just so good at what you do! You're a real artist ! 🙌🏻
Damn he have so much soul in his Voice
GREAT SONG!!! AMAZING AS ALWAYS...
My go to as I log into YouTube
I'm in Awwwweeeeee
I'm in love with his voice!
Giving him all the recognition I can. Showing his talent to radio stations here in my home country of South Africa. Really great music.
Whoa, that voice! I am digging this, instant sub!
A music video that addresses how men deal with grief and loss as well as unresolved anger and resentment is integral to sincere dialogue.  Will he be doing an interview to discuss this?
Perfect as alway... I'd already fall in love with this new version, but now, it's been confirm!! Thanks Mr. Banks for making masterpiece like this. \nWith love form France 😚
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ promises all who believe in Him eternal life.*\n*He died for us rose from the dead, and Now He lives forever!*\n*He will also heal your body!*
Cadê os BR!??? Brasil precisa ouvir isso!!!!
Just beautiful 👏🏾🙌🏾🔥😍😘
Awesome voice
Heartwrenching
That was beautiful...
Like from Uzbekistan
Сложно
Awesome voice
Greatness
wow
Beautiful Song, Beautiful Sound, Beautiful Video!
Perfection !!
Still waiting for some Merch😅
Cried my ears out
Yessss 😭💕💕
great piece
Brazil
SUPER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dude soooo good. You are amazing!
Oh Jacob! Oh beautiful Jacob 😩😍
I love it
5k views ? lol
Finallyyyyy 😍
Sooooooooo good
Here before he blows
Amazing work!
Who's that 1 twat who unliked?
BEEN DAMN WAITING, JACOB.
my fav song ever Jacob
Música foda demais
god damn I'm crying
Pure good music
Romania ✋
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW5T4U7Wn00\nChoice ft bk - inabaláveis
KYRA FROM OKBABY
I am so glad you are back!!
I think that you should pick a special guest mom for the show. Any mom from the every day world and talk about moms views. \nA very young mom\nOlder mom\nSingle mom\nGrama mom\nWhen this show goes on say thanks Oreo.  (Thanks me)
If you guys can get spricket to come on your show, I think that would be amazing. She used to do YouTube but she kind of vanished
Dating and what you did to get over the person and how to move on please give this a thought I love you guys
Ruby from 8 passengers! just because I love them
Can you bring on Ellie Mecham from Ellie and Jared!
I spent my teenage years with this family.. although now when I was 20-22 years old.. I missed a lot by not watching Shaytards anymore. But I still feel like and appreciate that this is my teenage years, these are my first youtubers that opened my eyes and heart. I still feel the connection with you guys :)
I'm happy you guys are back! I've been a mom vlogger since 2009. My favorite mom to watch is Ruby from 8 passengers. I'd love to see her as your guest!
I haven't watched this video yet but Colette, can you make a video about just what you went through and how you got yourself to get through everything and still have a positive outlook at life?
Karen Swanson from kkandbabyj!!! She and her family are amazing❤️❤️love you guys so happy ur back😊
U should do challenges !!!!!!!!!!
Ruby from the eight passenger!
Ever sense what happen, with shay and Colette it changed this show for me. It's hard to take advice or look to them for support when Colette handled it that way. She set a bad example for girls even her own, to let a man treat you anyway and get a way with anything while making excuses, so much for strong independent women.. so sad.
Funcheaporfree.com!!! She's amazing, check out her Insta and YouTube!!!!
So glad you guys are back.
I'm so happy to see Colette back! And glad you and Carly are still close! ❤️❤️
You have no idea how much I've missed Collette!! It feels so good to see you coming back, mommytard. In all the Shaytards' videos, we all could see you always put others first before yourself. It's good that you finally realized that it is okay to put yourself before someone else as a mom. Can't wait for your album. I hope it will be shipped to Malaysia too. And yes, please update us on how each of your kid is doing because only God knows how badly we miss them. Maybe include them in one of the mom's view videos? If you dont mind. All in all, I love you so much mommytard. I hope the Almighty will keep on blessing you with sufficient strength to face all the challenges in life. You've been too kind and forgiving to the point where your husband thought no matter what he did, you wouldn't leave him. Thats why he took you for granted. Let's hope he won't repeat the most stupid mistake he's ever done in his entire life. Never underestimate the power of love and forgiveness. Be strong! And i love you.
I would love to see Ruby from 8Passengers and Jess from Jesssfam.
@themomsview Im so glad you guys are back, you are all so inspiring and give great advice about many topics I have been going through.
Bonnie Hoellien for sure, she is so entertaining and such a good mom!!!
I've missed you three greatly!!
Kelsey from Steps to Wander. Because she just had her first kid June, and I thought it would be cool to have her on the show
❤🌼Welcome back ⛅ pretty lady bee bee's ^^, \nBig hugs ,loves ,sparkles and wishes 🌸🐇\nsooooo exciting 💖 to see you all collaborating again 🌌 😻\n super fun 😊 ❇Thank you 🌊🌛⛄❄🌰✨\nXxxx
Are the shaytards going to start Vlogging again??????❤️❤️❤️
my mom goes to kripalu every year and owns a yoga studio
very cool that you're back!
tell shay to be on the show
I would like to see as a guest and to interview is Nia Rader from Sam and Nia. :)
i want you and shay to come back and vlog like you use to
YOU SHOUD DO KRISTINE FROM FAMILY FUN PACK I FORGOT THERE NAMES BUT OHANA ADVENTURES AND THE LEROYS!!
You guys should get Ellie mecham to join a video!
Is collete gonna post more on her channel cuz I saw her vid but she hasn't posted in a while
BONNIE HOELLIN!!! please bring her on the show! she's down to earth, hilarious, and ALWAYS keeps it real. I'd love to see her on the mom's view!!!
Definitely Kira Sivertson from OKbaby!
Kyra from OkBaby
NOOO OMG COLLETEE 1!LKEQJGLKJA'LKGJ !!!
Pls pls pls Bonnie hoellien and Ellie mecham
Kyra from OKbaby please !!!
Yayyyyyy!
Jessica from Ballinger Family
https://youtu.be/idMJIEFH_ns
Woah, this is crazy.
Kyra Sivertson (Ok Baby!) or Keren Swanson (KKandBabyJ)
<3
Jess from Jessfam or Britney from britneyandbaby!
I agree Kyra from ok baby
Gavin avia  Emmi Brock dackton
Jesss Fam!!!
YAY I LOVE YOU GUYS😭💗
PLZ BRING AVIA ON
For guess katie from bratayley
Kyra from OKbaby!
Itsjudylife
OMG YES
Jessfam 👌🏻👌🏻
invite logans fiancé morgan :)
Kyra Sivertson from OKBaby
OMG COLLETTE I LOVE U CAME BACK!!!
Kyra from OkBaby ! 💖
I wonder how the kids are dealing with all this going on .. like have they red the things that were said ..
Ahhh so refreshing to have you all back, missed you Collette! <3
We missed you Colette and the rest of you ladies! Taking a break sometimes can be very refreshing and can really inspire great ideas.
I'm ready to see the shaytards again
People to Interview: Kyra from Okbaby, Keren from KKandBabyJ, and Kayli’s mom Grammy Sammy in particular have her show how to decorate a Christmas tree!!!! HERS ARE GORGEOUS!!!!!!
How can shay hurt Collette she such a wonderful mother beautiful soul. Shay very lucky she didn’t divorce him.
Pretty Neat Living. Get Jennifer Ross on the show she is amazing. And pregnant with her second child.
The mom from 8 passengers!!!!!!! Please she lives in Utah
Are you guys going to start the shaytards back up and if u do can you guys do the shaytard's Christmas special
I'd like to see Mama Bee, Jessica Ballinger, or Katie LeBlanc as guests!
You should have Natalie Bennet on the show!
So great to see the 3 of if you ladies together again!\n\nLooking forward to more videos.\n\nI'm not even a mum! 😂
Colette put on weight. She looks good..healthy!
I know that some of the moms on this Channel had their kids at a young age , I'd love to see people like jelian mercado be on the show and the advice you all can give to other women who have kids at a really young age . Also jelian fully supports herself and her baby through YouTube id love to see her income increase with more publicity from the help of the moms view
it hurts so much how life can change in a blink of an eye, even if you are so carful on your steps not to ruin what you've built. it hurts seeing her with sorrowful eyes. is it just so hard to have the perfect fully committed relationship these days.. non of my friends nor family has this man who's committed in their relationship.. and that's why i'm still single, to invest my time, effort and energy in something that might just change in a blink of an eye and not even by me is too expensive for me and not worth the try, because i know myself if i'm going 100% committed and things just happen from the other partner it will ruin me and break me. so really sad and disappointing to see this happening and we women give reasons to stay... i love you Colette so much and i pray for strength and calmness that covers your heart and soul and to show you the right path always and forever.
I'm so glad your bringing back T.M.V I really hope all the comments are positive ,I am sure all the vlogs will be informative,fun,interesting..and leave all the questions about Shay and Colette issues out of it..good luck to you Ladies..with holidays nearing it would be fun to do DIY's in costumes,treats,meals,decor,hot topics ,fashion,sit downs ..
cool lets put up a front and pretend its all gucci, fakes for views, energy is so off n all over the place in this vid
I think you guys should also include where your outfits (link in the description) are from for each episode. It would be a fun add because a lot of new moms look for inspiration especially after having a baby. When you look and feel your best it translates into being your best self.
Good to see you ladies.   Not a mom but still learn and enjoy the show.
You should get Katie from bratayley to come on your show.
You guys should have kyra from k baby on as a guest i think that would be amazing and I bet she could learn new things from you guys and you could learn some stuff from her xx
Glad y'all are back.
Judy from It’sjudylife \nShe has 3 girls \n2 twins ( Miya and Kiera ) and one toddler (Julianna)
Who wants to see the kids
Anyone want to help a really small youtuber? we'd really love the support! :)
What's happened to Shay Carl is he still working at his life with what happened I see the shaytards have not been on for 7 months now?
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Is the shaytards comming back???
Oh my gooooddd YEEESSSSS
Plz Shay Carl 🙏
Yes! Crafts! Excited for Halloween then
You should have Britneyandbaby !!!!!!!!!
Shay
keren from KKandbabyJ
I miss the shaytards. I stopped watching YouTube because shaytards stopped :(
Hi errrbody
YES MOM!
Ruby from 8 passengers!!
You should interview Keren, from kkandbabyj
Or you should have 8 passengers on your show
Very impressive!
thats actually really nice, i might let a patch of grass grow up next year to try this.
This is awesome, but I have to ask, Why didn't you use the tape from a few VHS's?
You should try to make a bow string. Lightweight of course.
Haha thats pretty slick! I never imagined it would be that simple. Good intel tx.
A wise man can learn from his mistakes and if he is wise and compassionate, then he shares what he has learned. Thank you for posting this. So many others who do these kind of preparedness videos totally discount the use of grasses for rope making and you just showed that it is not only viable tool to make, but practical as well as you use the one fiber that can be found almost anywhere on earth.
i like the resolution.
Get this guy on Alone haha.
Should be called: how to hang yourself for free
Wish I knew this
Riveting intro.
Nice! A project that any budget can handle. :)
Whoa a new improved method! This was one of the most important survival tips I've learned and now it's even better.
Hey its vinny vinesauce teaching me how to make rope.
Amazing video as usual. This one I'm going to try for sure. A bit more detail on waterproofing would be useful !
nice way of making a noose.
This is soooo useful! :D Thanks a lot! And easy tooooo
This is soooo useful. . . . . .in a post nuclear holocaust world with apocalyptic circumstances!  You know, when all the normal rope is disappeared or burned to ashes.  Imagine the horror of living in a world without rope! It's gonna happen so pay attention!
Please never sell out......\nDont become Grant Thompson
Hard to take advice after seeing your vice set-up.
So it looks a little bit nicer in the end.  Which end?  I'm confused.\n\nPrimer:  C'mon, guys, wake up!  Where are all the rope puns?  What are you a frayed of?  This is knot cool.  I'm gonna wrap this up.
Wow I've never seena  video like this on youtube..
I'm making this rope right now! It's really quick without much practice !
thank you, it's useful to make a suicide rope
when it comes to grass, I find the more you use, the happier you are with the end result.
and if you want to make even stronger rope you could take 3 of these and and wave them (like: swap left with middle, then middle with right, and then left and middle again and so on)
love your videos. you should test the strength in a more scienticic way you know with the weight and length and flexibility and how much strength it actually looses when it gets wet or dry. sorry if  i sound like a university professor
Great now people can still hang them selfs when they leave there noose in the car
Make concrete from scratch or build a clay house
Great! Strong enough to hang myself before I starve to death
Very cool, thank you.
Good video.
@TheKingOfRandom
Hi, I can't speak for any of your other viewers, but I really enjoy these scripted or planned videos a little bit more than ones that are in the moment. I find that the content is higher quality but regardless of what you post, I will love it. You are awesome.
If this guy were born on the stone age, he would have started an entire civilization.
I prefer to make my rope out of the flesh of the inevitable zombie horde that I know is coming. Very strong and flexible.
Could i hang myself with it?
I know how to make it since my childhood as a villager😉
I honestly thought you were going to make a noose to test the rope.\n\nLove you man, please don't test your rope by making nooses.
I wanted to know this for quite some time and I subscribed now.
isn't this called yarn rather than rope? i think if you want to make rope you need to take this product and repeat the same process but with yarn rather than individual grass strands.
Wow what a great idea!
so if you made a pine sap / charcoal and deer scat resin, coated this and let it dry it would be insanely strong? I like the idea you can make a basket style backpack with framework and even straps out of this rope. Very cool.
Nice work, i really enjoyed the video.
Can you make a grass rope weapon or a grass rope boat to go sailing around the world like the Egyptians and Africans did thousands of years ago ?
3:35
I downloaded both of you rope making videos. Thanks for sharing. Not sure if I will ever need this technique, but if I ever will need it I know now how to make both ropes. One with green grass and one with dried grass.
*Now i can kill myself with grass*
Let's see if you can make something from cattail  stalks. Can you try to make a basket or some other woven type of item with it? Cattails are common in most of Canada and the U.S.
A bowlin' knot?
Cockeyed thumbnail that is all goodbye!!!
Thanks.  Quite helpful.
wtf am doing here ???????
8:11
for a more natural suicide
N o o s e
is it just me or.... what frame rate is this shot in?? LMAO
I thought you could and you just showed us, well done.
That should come in handy next time I'm taking the One Ring to Mount Doom.\n\nUnless someone already made that reference in the old video.
I think you're really good at explaining stuff. I actually listened and watched this whole video. I also learned something new. Thank you! You're awesome.
I see some disc golf in that yard.
only nighthawks beat round the bush to find grass
If you live just west of where i live there is no rope making material:(
love the video
Survival bondage improvisation
Grope
Interesting video Thanks
I see shai La Beuf
You're always great, thank you
try pulling a car with it that will definitely tell its strength.
can you whip with it?
Its also good to feed to cattle or rabbits if you have some, after use and without any coating or oil/tar treatments of course.
I'm wondering what other plants you would use instead of grass like maybe inner tree bark I've heard that might work
Where did you lean all your skills?
It's not immune to cows and can't be made in Antarctica too, except for hair
Now I can hang myself with nature
Awesome, thanks for keeping it simple and useful.
You could also test it even further with a mechanical advantage from a lever
It's more like 80-85 pounds because you're also pulling the rope.
Only one more way to conclusively  test it.....
Bark fiber works well for rope. Watch some videos from Primitive Technology.
how thin can ya go \ndestruction test please
You have Frisbee golf course in your yard?
WOW! WOW WOW
legend
Primitive technology
This is Incredible! I love it.
Needed some rope to tie something up but forgot that I had smoked it all up last night lol.
Very cool. Thanks!
has any one even notice the tree that the guy is next too has a face! o.O come one people just take a look at it. Eyes, nose, mouth. O.O if you look closely enough you actually see like it has some arms and legs morphed into it. lol
improve your videos by LESS chit-chat and MORE action, thanks....
That was sweet! Thanks for sharing, I'll try this next time I'm camping
cool video
I love these videos. Very practical and not gimmicky like some other DIY channels out there (DIY Perks) :3
Whats the name of that disc golf course?
Would this be even stronger if instead of twisting you braided the rope?  And then you shouldn't need to make sure the lengths of grass are the same thickness
Hey Ben! I really enjoyed this video, and appreciate you taking the time to share your knowledge with us! I just wanted to point out however, that I prefer your old style of video with the voiceover narration. They seemed highly professional! \nThese videos are still top quality content though because you don't ramble and make effective use of demonstrative clips! I just thought I would voice this sentiment for your information, and hopefully to encourage you to do more videos of the old style.\n\nKeep up the good work!
This was a pretty interesting tutorial. Much easier than braiding it. That is what I originally thought you were going to be doing.
I was gonna say he was very biased to how good the product was because he's getting paid to say good things about it. Then it hit me...
If you decide the rope isnt long enough can you just undo the knot and lengthen it without problem?
she was shaking so much when she was trying to finish it awhh
It's good that she still remembers her old self <3
Damn she sings beautiful in Spanish and English ❤️ love to hear her sing more in Spanish
Should’ve played her demos Shadow and Trash and Stronger
she reminds me of twice's dahyunie
they should've done a song from Sonny With a Chance smh
Was that skyscraper in Spanish
She also recorded This Is Me in Spanish. It's called Lo Que Soy, which translates back as What I Am, which is more or less the same meaning as This Is Me
look closely and ur see that demi is shivering lol
Is just me that when this is me song came out my childhood came rushing back. CAMP ROCK was lit 🔥 🔥I'm crying 😢 right now..
you can tell Demi was shaking in the first song'
She has such a contagious laugh😂
Her laugh is just the best.
Your love runs deep within my souuul! And I can't let go. I loved this song as a kid
Where is move me from? Not Disney, righ?
Does anyone remember her old website and what it looked like 😂
I love her and I'm so glad she knows her old lyrics! But I am surprised she can't speak spanish
At thirteen years old she is better by far than a certain bitchy 14 year old dead meme!
If she had gotten the Camp Rock one wrong I would've been devastated
The Spanish one was Skyscraper but in Spanish
i was born in 2004 and she made music wooooooww
She is such a cutie
Omg I'm glad she reacted to moves me!! I want her to remake it lol
Is it j me but young Demi sounds like young Britney Spears
Wow, I was so happy to see her remember This Is Me! It's definitely one of my favorites from when I was a kid watching Disney Channel every week. I saw Camp Rock when it first premiered!\n\nOn a second note, could you do one with Lady Gaga? Please do the ones she has never sang live before—I Like It Rough, Summerboy, Retro Physical and Retro, Dance, Freak.
Y'all look way to into this. Like chill out. I see no shaking at all going on, and even if she was who the hell cares lmaoo Shes either cold, her medication, had coffee or just plain ol' nervous. Y'all needa chill n stop spamming the comments with the same shit.
I love that she remembered the lyrics for this is me
i was seen this girl in a porn video
*Spanish song starts playing*\n\nDemi: 'Oh shoot'\n\nomg i love her so much HAHA!
lol at her obv pretending to not know the lyrics to this is me lmfao
i love her so much omg
Some of these people can't be Lovatics lol!
She's so pretty!
When she was thinking abt the lyrics for camp rock I was like “I even know it and I haven’t seen the movies in like 4 years 😂😂”
her damn smile is so beautiful ❤❤❤
SHE DIDNT REMEMBER THIS IS ME
I like her but she's NOT one of the biggest artists in the world 😂
Wow at 13 her voice is like that!!\nWhy??\nMe I'm 13 but when I tried to sing  like her it sounds like an abandoned cat begging for food..
She was shaking....her hands were shaking so bad
I LOVE DEMI SO MUCH I GREW UP WITH HER
I really want to hear her sing This Is Me now
Every time I see her I remember how bad I need to do my eyebrows lolll
OMG she is shaking. I want to hug her :) She's so cute
i love her laugh so much.
Uh is she ok? Her hand was shaking the entire time.
I love Demi... AND I love Pink.... He didn't need to continually bring that up.....They are both Amazing singers...
This is 2017 not 2018 yet
NOW IVE FOUND\nWHO I AM\nTHERES NO WAY TO HOLD IT INNNN
demi is so humble i love her so so much
i love her so fucking much.
Her laugh is so cute!
Demi has the best laugh, and boy did she remember the songs! Spanish was more impressive! you go, girl!\nP.s.: As a Pink fan, I hated everytime he brought up the fact that Pink didn't remember the songs (which was true, but they were songs when she was 16ish, 1995).
I can't even remember what I ate yesterday for dinner😂
oh my god please do this with ed sheeran
I am whiter than snow ad I was OBSESSED with the Spanish version of this is me
Okay who else thinks her first song is a BOP
I don't get it, she's born in 1992, how was she 13 in 2004?
is t weird that I don't know Spanish at all but when ever I hear demi singing in Spanish I know exactly what she's saying and I can sing ahead and translate it to English but when I hear the English version I have no clue what comes next
I can’t believe how she made a song that good at 13 and I’m 13 right now and sound like a dying walrus when I sing! 😅
She didn't know the Spanish version of Skyscraper.
Why is Demi the cuteeeest ever!
Her voice is so freaking goals just looking back at her voice in 2009 and now I would freak out if I was her she has an incredible voice .
This is so nostalgic 😭
Yay!!......I ❤ U Demi!!.....#Lovatic !!....I am like surprised she is cool and sweet from her beginning😘😘😘😘
Demi Lovato is so beautiful and her voice is so amazing.
Camp Rock was my childhood.
I knew the first part of the camp rock song but hesitated at the same place Demi did haha
Is Demi part Latina?
Demi Lovato is bueatiful. Inside and out.
I was born 2008 😁😁
I love Demi
RASCACIELOS :'(
I love this!!
She's so goofy lol
IM SPANISH OMG
Hahaha I’m dead😂
Wii
Queen
She was shaking bless her
This is me
Omg she is shaking
She was shaking like crazy 🙌🙌🙌🙌
her laugh omg
Vocals on fleek💕!
Demi is queen
AHAHAHHA
❤️❤️❤️❤️
te odeio
My lovatic ass even got rascacielo. Bitch I’m shook
Her laugh is sooooo contagious!! 😂
Love her laugh
She was shaking 😂😂
Oh shit moves me 😂😂
her laugh <333
Amo ¨rascacielos¨ de Demy \nGracias a ella encontré confort en mi ser
Pero te juro que al final  (But I promise that in the end)\nSola me voy a levantar  (I'll get up by myself)\nComo un rascacielos.   (Like a skyscraper)\n\nThose are the lyrics :) Although I always preferred her spanish version of This Is Me much better than that one.
The way she says 'Como un rascacielo'  is so cute!\nDemi is so adorable
Demi no se sabe su canción en español, Demi no sabe español, Demi cancela su concierto en España, Demi no viene a España, Demi odia España
Omg so many memories 😂😂👏🏼
she never aged wtf 😍😍❤️
Another music legend has gone. RIP Tom Petty💔🎸
Rip Tom petty
When it was unconfirmed that Tom Petty died: Tom Petty has died. Will you stop saying that!?\n\nWell, unfortunate to have it finally confirmed... Rest easy, Tom. Running Down A Dream
Rest In Peace legend 😭😭
Rip
R.i.p. Tom Petty. We will never forget you.
Another legendary music giant....into the great white open.....let's get to the point and roll up a joint...Condolences to Tom Petty's family...to all of his many , many friends....and to his millions of fans world wide.....around the globe.....we will always have the music....running down the dream...cranking up the music as we rock the highways....Tom petty is putting the Wilburys back together again for one more show...
Rest in peace Tom petty you had a good life?
There goes the last human voice.
No the waiting is the hardest part of rock
Rest In Peace Thomas Early Petty.
RIP Tom \nAnother legend gone too soon 😪
RIP Tom Petty. Your legacy along with your meaningful and heartfelt music will live on.
*sigh* There goes another one RIP
#RIPTOM We miss you already
RIP Tom Petty.
Rest In Weed Mr.Petty.
G.O.A.T
See that drunk girl speedin' down the street? \nShe's worried about the state of public schools. \nShe likes to party, she likes to rock! \nShe prays that our schools don't run out of chalk. \nXD
Hahaha!  Aww, love it! :)
I will always belong to this family
I have to ask why supporters insist on saying “us” and “we”. It’s illogical. The club, any club, couldn’t care less about any of you. Supporters are customers. Cash cows to be milked season after season. There is no logical reason to invest time and money on what is now nothing more than business. What happens on the pitch is merely a side show, something to distract supporters from the truth.
This clown and all of you are deluded.. Alexis gives the ball away more than every other player in the entire premier league, check the stats from last year, he's the only player in the top six teams that's in the top 20 but he's in first place and gave the ball away 100 times more than the guy thats in second.. I can't say how much goals were given directly to the opposition  because of this guy's selfish style of hogging the ball and trying to dance with it every chance he get but it's a big fukkin problem and you guys have to stop with the special treatment all the time.. that's why he can't get along with Vidal in the national team because he's fukkin selfish when it comes to the football pitch.. we really should sell him in January because he wants to go anyways and we'd get a few quid out of it..
There is nothing left in football.
i thought crack was mental
I like how no one here is a arsenal fan
Come on u Spurs \nArsenal are rubbish now you need new blood the management are complacent
wtf is happening peeps bitchin over Sanchez get a grip,i do agree with DT we are riding our luck
Alexis fan tv, kissing his ass while he disrespect ur club lol. Smh
DT is right on the money... except for the contradiction regarding the squad making progress. If we have the potential to compete for top 3 then that's clearly progress compared to previous analysis stating we probably won't make top 4. \nI'm Still #WO (since '08)
Alexis is the number one arsenal
Didnt know why iwobi was in the background.
Sorry but arsenal fan tv would not be the same if you won the league and cups because DT n Troopz wouldnt be mad. Love there reactions 💯👊🏼
Ramsey and Giroud totally overrated! There is more goals in Wilshire and Walcott at the moment!
While the Manchester clubs and Spurs are banging 4 against so called lesser teams, we are just about scoring 2 and riding our luck. Bigly. \n\nWe need to sort this defence and also get Sanchez, Laca and Ozil playing together. That front three could do wonders for us this season and when Jack gets in (if he can keep this form), our midfield can be way more creative than the staleness we are witnessing now. \n\nBut much of this wont matter if we dont sort this defending out. Wenger should try 4 at the back and see how we play. Its been a while but I think we'd be more solid.
Riding our luck Our xg was 2.9, Brighton's was 0.4. DT is a complete moron
I never even knew Alexis had haters he holds are team on his back he is Arsenal.
Give Aresnal team some credits pls... as for DT .. I dun know who u are... but seems like you are nothing but a very negative person.
I think Alexis, maybe because they both speak spanish, has a better understanding with Monreal than with Kolasinac, on that left side. Hopefully with more matches Alexis and Kolasinac can get a better undrstanding and improve each other performances , because Kolasinac is a beast, and Monreal is having a amazing season in his new position so i wouldn't change there positions.
Why is this even a topic. Laca should have played sanchez in for a tap in !!
This is actually trending. DT one of the best personality on AFTV
Arsenal should of won 5,6-0
People forget Alexis had some very rough international games where he lost the confederations cup and then lost 2 games (qualifiers). He´s got a lot in his head at this point, not only Arsenal, and this is not to make any excuses, but come on, those fans giving him shit... they should be bothering the board to get rid of Wenger and the lazy players, instead of bothering the only guy that gave everything for his team last season.
i like you DT but do you ever say anything positive
Did you see that ludicrous display last night?
DT is definitely the realest amongst all the other AFTV regulars. He may be biased towards some players but he lenient towards them when they’re shit. I like him better now than when he was all “Wenger Out”.\n\nNot saying that Wenger should stay beyond the 2 years though. ;)
DT is still only fun when they lose
Arsenal are doing good but DT u over expect everything. You said oh West Brom had chances u expect them to dominate every game of course the other team will always get shots off u can’t expect them to keep the opposition not have a chance.
Robbie you should make playlists for every team we play and add on them the next time we play them
Alaba you've had your 10 goals go away!
Again with the trending wtf is going on,but to be fair the lets talk about the game comment was hilarious 😂😂👍🏻
https://youtu.be/uupZlTULD1w this will help you get over your shit game
It is too early to talk about signs .. he is correct we have to see how we play away in the coming 5-6 premier league games.. Everton, Man City, Watford .. would be the test.. Hope we rest our players in europa and EFL cup .. and then put up a performance like we did at Chelsea and this time take 3 points not just 1.
want to gain active subscribers. Join my live stream and follow the rules so you can have your sub count on screen!
Good job Arsenal! You have avoided defeat for weeks!\n\nIn other news, Robbie has reportedly been delaying his downpayment for a new mansion, citing 'temporary loss of income' as the reason.
Man Utd for life! We will win the league
In subscribing to anybody how subs me untill I reach 100 subs\nComment done
This guy is a mug
I dont get the sanchez haters.....i really dont. I said b4 its likely people who cheer on wenger that booo sanchez but its beyond that. I genuinely think they dont understand football and aint worth debating with.
The emerates has the worst atmosphere out of every league!
Next week well be very interesting goo.gl/b5Nh2T
DT is on point right there
when Arsenal win Robbie has to get 'creative' with video titles...
is this fatty ever happy if we had lost he'd be screaming we have to learnt how to win ugly theres really no pleasing arsenal fans take the 3 points and the clean sheet and move tf on
DT ...I hear you on the poor performance...but we slowly getting the 3 points...
I don't get it half the time we lose we moan we draw we moan we win we all still moan what the hells going on we still won don't care who were playing we still won lol
3-4-3 Formation is killing Arsenal's season
Really poor? They won two nil.
If Alexis leaves then let's see how this team copes. The guy was a star player for Barcelona in his last season
DT is only being like this because he deludedly thinks that he may stay.
DT complaints way over the top sometimes. why not win ugly and get 3 points than dominate and get nothing and still complain.
Mad that DT gets more views nowadays than Claude
DT is RIGHT! we're doing well against lesser teams but let's see it goes against the bigger clubs and I don't mean just drawing against them! I mean solid performances and wins. Coyg!
This bloke is a total cock !!!
Sanchez don't even want to be at arsenal why back a judus
DT needs. To chill relaxing like he's beast.
'Lacazette looks clinical, he hit the post today' ffs
DT is one of the few Arsenal fans who have a true sense of perspective. \n\nBut we all know how the season's story is going to turn out for Arsenal. We don't need DT's wisdom to tell us. Because we've been reading the same book for thirteen seasons.
When are arsenal fans going to understand that arsenal is a mid table team glory days are over
Why interview a moron? Couldn't give a toss what he thinks. Whinging bloke can't even speak English, I'm embarrasssed for him.
Am i the only one who cracks up when i see the view count that aftv have when arsenal wins and then compare it to when arsenal loses? Lol
C'mon DT just chill man. Every team has problems. I know Arsenal have been playing some shocking football, but can't blame the defence all the time. Look at Real Madrid today. They won 2-0 but Espanyol had 2-3 really good chances. I know that you had enough of poor Arsenal, but start supporting the team rather than critizising their every mistake.
They could have had this they could have had that... could have and should have are two different things!! Are you forgetting that arsenal also hit the bar and had more chances in this game?? Think you need to stop being a pessimist and support your club.
well said DT. today's game was just too slow and not scoring the needed goals
Again DT is absolutely right! Arsenal progress with frail teams but crumble ever so easily against big and technically strong premier league clubs. If Arsenal beat Any of the top 6 teams away the same way we beat lowly rated clubs in the premiership, then the world can take our title credentials very serious, as it is there's no amount of points you can amass from smaller clubs that can justify winning the premier league trophy.
Robbies just thinking about how he's getting to Ibiza next week, by his private yacht or his private jet?
Arsenal is shit end off.
Arsenal is shit, Chelsea for the win
I hope you're dream comes true my dream is to get 100 subscribers by the end of the month can you please help me with my dream?!!
Once we  start playing the ball sideways it is Xhaka's role to collect the ball and spread the ball to the right forward. When the game gets boring we should blame him, he is our engine at the same time passing the ball sideways can be a way to rest after running so much and try to pull the opponents. #wearethearsenalfc
City and spurs gonna smash Arsenal 5 nil
Good arsenal win
Usual
DT is very childish!
Anyone? Did anyone forget that Arsene wenger should sacked?
This wannabe fat gangster is never happy
these ungrateful fat fucks never touched a ball in their greasy lives stfu!!!!!!!
Dt on point
THANK YOU DT!
DT mate calm down buddy!
il ove dt
Seeeeaggggulllls
Howisthistrending?
Btech Andy Tate
jonny rotten in the background
Speak English
Dt gassed with his fan base
Visit for mobile tips : Jijo Kurian
prank this arsenal fan 07772583011
dt get ur dick out alexis arse
DickHead DT U moaning Fuckboy \nSTFU Bitch Boy\n\nYour boring now
Vibes
Treatment for whitpatches
FELLANI > LACAZETTE
Btw.. I heard that Carlo A. Wants the arsenal job !! \nAnd cante wants to leave Chelsea after this season !!\nAny thoughts ????
alexis: great player but open your eyes DT alexis anit finding lacca
This would be an amazing waste of your time\n\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3Pt7WpJi2k
UNITED IS GONNA WIN THE LEAGUE!!!!!
I swear DT jinxed Arsenal when we start winning games and go on a run he gets negative and we tremble it's like the players watch arsenal fans tv or something
....that was outstanding , almost profound ...loved both of those guys .... life is short , but not short enough 
Smoking killed Tom Petty. You think he would have learned from his friend George Harrison
I'd like to think they are together again, shootin' the shit and having a laugh. 💔
I don't meditate that much anymore. Because you're not supposed to do it when you're stoned...... Lol
Both died, too young, of heart attacks, yes? Spooky coincidence. Life is brief. Tell people you love them.
Two untimely deaths here! Brutally sad both of these talented men are gone.
Smoking    Got Tom 😪
how cool would it have been to hang out with these guys...
I absolutely love Tom Petty, and I found this video because I was researching his life.  I had no idea he was a chain smoker.  Now I understand why he died young.  I love the theme of the whole video.  To connect with people while you can, because we don't live forever.
God bless them both..they both died at the age of 66 a year and half apart. Looks like Tom was a chain smoker..much like myself..
Shocking that these 2 are dead not even a year of each other. Life is precious. Enjoy it as I found to my cost this past summer....
sad , he's a heavy smoker .. thats probably what killed him
Damn both if them passed away
They both died at the age of 66 and Gary didnt smoke
I feel like Ana Nicole Smith.  They’re all dead
Man I didn't realize he was such a smoker\nI'm sure he must have had artery issues like my Mom ( who was also a heavy smoker) did\nRIP to,😇🙏🏻🦋
FORGOT SHANDLING DIED TOO....SO FUNNY SAD ABOUT BOTH OF THEM
They seem gay for each other
sorry to hear that Tom had died and at 66  has got me worried i'm 64 so young poor guy. Dave from the UK.
And now we know why Tom died at 66. can you count the number of Camels he smokes?
O thank you so much for sharing this.  Amazing footage.
First time I saw Shandling he was on a short lived game show called Make Me Laugh.
I wish soo much to have these two on TV rambling on and on than the Kardashians.
Wow this is cool, you say that like there's a thousand clips of Garry and Tom. I didn't even know they knew each other although their conversation does refer back in time quite a bit.....Thanx for posting!
The Marlboro Man got Petty.
i just couldn't get why Petty died at 66.  He'd already kicked his drug habit but now I see, he is a chain smoker.
Glad I saw this.  Great guys.  Both are greatly missed.
I hate to say this but it may turnout that 40 plus years of chain smoking Camel cigarettes is probably what did him in. Loved Tom Petty and his music , but Cigarettes are just really bad.
This is good shit.
They're both gone R.I.P both of you guy's :(:(
This is so great, but it makes me sad too. RIP to them both😢
Reading the comments about his smoking was going to kill him. 😢 Sadly I am positive it had a lot to do with his heart failure. R.I.P Tom Petty.
2 of my favorite people ever...both gone @66 for fucks sake...\nthis world is a colder, sadder place than it used to be.
Always and forever, Tom Petty!
Was Petty a chain smoker or is he just doing it for the video?  Chain smoking at 65 years old is not good.
Imagine having been Tom's neighbour. All that music for nothing.
Tom would still be here if he wasnt a heavy smoker i know it.Smoking takes about 10-15 years of your life and if you done it for over 45 years its going to catch up on you sooner or later.
Hope to see you soon.
This is fucking great !\nlooking them really sucks ! !
SO COOL i'm so glad to see this!!!
This is good Shit
Gary was a manic nutcase.  mellow Tom,  was just 'hosting him,  and trying to deal with him here.  this entire first meeting, until they get inside and get situated, made me very tense and unsettled.   all from Gary's 'shakey, manic, jitterbug demeanor.  ugh.....  Tom was probably thinking,  jesus...calm the fuck down dude?    god Speed to both of them.... still can't believe it....
Both died at 66 and the same way.
Love that they mentioned the Talk Soup line. It's one of my fave scenes of that brilliant show. This was fun to watch. Two creative masters just catchin up on life. We're losing all the greats :( Thanks for posting.
Hard to believe that both of these great men are gone.
Tom was GREAT and one of the best song writers.
Both died at 66.....  RIP Friends.
Gary is the picture of health...tough to watch Tom being such a chimney.  Two lovely Souls.
Love this. Loved these guys.
They're continuing this conversation upstairs now.  RIP, gentlemen.
that was very cool
This is Brilliant!  I could watch this over and over. Thanks so much!
I could watch these two all day! They are like an old married couple. I am so sad they are both gone!!
My God, the way he was chain smoking it's no wonder he had heart disease. My idol is gone! :(
2 farmers on acid? lol What the hell was that??
Life is short. But not short enough. 20:30. RIP Gary and Tom you crazy artists!
Wow Tom smoked like  crazy  Not good
Was this the same house in Encino that he rebuilt after the original burnt down in 1987 from an arsonist?
I'm just keeping my eye on that Neverland Ranch, if it ever goes up for sale. Because he's already done all the work... Damn, that made me laugh. Miss both of them!
Really enjoyed that. Thank you. RIP
Thanks for posting.  Two great guys, showing what friendship and life is all about...  And how short life is....  LA is really a small town sometimes... \n\nRIP Tom and Gary...
Gold.
gonna miss these dudes
Both gone @ 66
Awesome!!
Thank you sharing this
What a beautiful video to watch. I am so sad about Tom’s passing. May these buddies be resting in peace.
As these things go, in retrospect, this is a pretty poignant moment. Garry is gone and now Tom's gone. Great clip of two very good friends talking about what's important.
Thanks for posting this, Kunchar!
Ugh...2 greats gone way too soon.. :(
My oh my! He is and always will be.
These guys are funny together. I didn't know they were friends. God's Speed, Fellas, and Thank You.
You're Tom Petty...\n...24 hours a day
So sad to see both of these legends to pass away; both at the age of 66.
Sad both died at age 66. Still had so much more happiness to bring to people
Ironically both Tom and Garry died young and unexpectedly.
Shame on me, I didn't know Gary Passed away,  I just found out about Tom a few hours ago...........SO SAD, I'm being Selfish of Course who's to know when and why the GREAT ONE'S  go to Early in My opinion.  Never Got to see Tom LIVE,  I Thank GOD AND TOM For leaving us a PHENOMENAL BODY OF MUSIC BEHIND, Tom was such a GREAT ARTIST AS WELL AS A WONDERFUL HUMANITARIAN!!!  R.I.P. TOM,  YOU WILL BE SORELY MISSED...............................🎸❤💚❤
How many cigarettes does T.P. smoke in this 20 minute video?  Dang, he was a heavy smoker.
Garry Shandling Was one year older than Tom. Gary passed way in 2016 at 66 years old. Tom passed away in 2017 at 66 years old Three weeks shy of his 67th birthday. RIP.
RIP both of you
why isn´t this 20 hours long ?
I WONDER IF THAT SHOOT OUT IN VEGAS WAS THE CAUSE OF HIS HEART ATTACK.\nomfg, it wouldnt surprise me, poor old man:(
This is awesome
SMOKING KILLS! RIP TOM!
Love hearing Tom Petty laughing
Both died at 66.
natural
Tom now doggonit.
two of my all-time favs, so sorely missed...
rip guys
Tom is right about tubes.  I have had a tube pre-amp for the last 20 years.  When I was auditioning equipment in an audio store, I heard 2 or 3 solid state pre-amps and then when the guy hooked up the tube pre-amp, the difference in the warmth of the sound was immediately apparent.
RIP Tom and Gary
Is this Heaven?
Tom's herion years.
Rip Gary and Tom
both die at 66
8:03 flicks ash to the floor.  8:19 grabs ashtray.  15:52 Gary calls Tom Dan.
Love you Tom. Missing you deeply.
When are people going to learn that smoking is dangerous to their health.
I WAS A BIG FAN AND LOVE THE GUY AND HIS MUSIC BUT WTF    HE IS SMOKING CIGARETTES AT HIS AGE ?  WHAT DID HE EXPECT TO HAPPEN ?  WOW THIS BLOWS MY MIND.  CIGARETTES KILL INDISCRIMINATELY !  SO SAD  TO SEE THIS CLIP !
The comments on this vid are beyond retarded.
ha ha sucker, an act of god that was  🤣🤣🤣
Pussy
So guns do kill people after all.
hope no one died XD
Looks like he got his Gunn
Who cares he's a fuckin freak
too funny. hope he is doing ok ;)
Could have been worse. He could have been at a gig in Las Vegas!
lmao Jesus is coming for your wig manson 😂😂
Crushed by a giant cross? Ohhh, so there IS a god AND he has a sense of humor
when it hit him he bend over so far he could lick his own ass lol
Who's the jerk fan who screams to finish the f****** song at minute 2:45?
Anne Lennox did it better, come on
Wow they weren't even playing the instruments.
I bet he broke a few ribs \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOh wait.
Couldn't have happened to a better 'man' 😂😂😂😂😂😂
it fell on the beat drop
I can't be fucked this crowd is boring.. Cut the strings and let the prop fall on me...
2:04 is what you came for
2:47 is when some guy shouted finish the fucking song
MOST LIKELY this happened because he has been ripping a bibles onstage...
I don't wish injury to anyone but honestly, I didn't know he was still performing.  I thought he retired.
Hes ok, remember kids he had his ribs removed so he can succ his own dicc. he simply folded in half until the prop was removed off him. no damage done. thank god.
Hes gotten so fat his gravitational pull was bound to fuck him up
Lol, a bit of a Spinal Tap moment. Act of God for being a degenerate !
People Cheering like it's part of the show
Rip pages out of the Word of God and you’ll get what you deserve.
did they pay to get in? to listen to covers?
I love you. Get well soon 🖤
he can't get enough horror this bloke....lol
I believe this was... Staged.
Let's just pray he crushed his vocals
They're jammin' out at hammerstein,\nHe climbed a ladder then got pinned,\nStupidest stunt in mankind,\nThe ballroom prop.
Was that paul from the wonder years?
He’s always brought the house down 😂
Am I the only one in the comment section who is concerned if he is actually alright???
Manson recuperate pronto! Master Lord Satan is with you!😆👍🎶
The guitar guys like 'that things fallen on him, shows over - yeah we're done'...
*FINISH* *HIM* 2:03
У нас у всех есть грехи. Скорейшего выздоровления Мэнсону. #ipray4him
А вот нефиг лазить по декорациям :))))
AHAHAHAHAH
Good work stage
Insulted Russian did it.
Drop @2.03
Opl
Allah did it.
suicidio escenico, marketing, o accidente laboral jajajajaj
PLAYBACK
haters gonna hate and Marlin Manson aint gonn give a fuck
R.I.P
Hahaha emo bastard
Props to that guy...
is he ok?...
what a fag
Lmao. He’s a fucking weird cunt anyway. Hahahaha
R. I. P marilyn!
Gringos putos
ESTA MUSICA É LINDA. ABRAÇO.
Play back on 😔💩💩💩💩
1m views only 600 likes
Blame the drummer...
he died
Nice song
2:03\n\n\n\n\n\nThank me later.
Punto para Jesús! jajajaja!
2:00
So the freak got crushed. Hmmm... ok
Bunch of freakssssss
Didn't hurt
2:46 FINISH THE FUCKING SONG!
Tommy 2 Guns DiSimone did it 😂💦💦
Ojalá se\nrecupere pronto.
😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
sings sweat dreams gets knocked out.......................no irony there.
https://youtu.be/z-5l2m6i5VU Indian F*** Cleaning India
Click for awesome book summaries https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC26GqLrteRZ3S2P4d3SsHVQ
Pray for Marilyn
lol the irony
Jajajajajaja
que chingados ase esto en tendencias?
2:32 is that Rick Sanchez.... shouting PUSSSYYYYYY
2:04
Skip to 2:00
Ya mero llega otro cargamento de cocaine pinches gringos👃🔫
Por feo de mierda , que se joda , su musica es una mierda , por fin se hizo justicia
jajaja bien hecho por querer hacerse el satánico. loco de mierda
jajajajajajjjaajaja su dios el diablo ya lo quiere en el infierno xD jjajjajajaj
Karma for being a fucking freak I guess. Soft cunt.
It is first on trending but youtube says 2nd on trending. WTF
Surely the best Marilyn Manson concert ever!
subscribe my chanel guys
at least it showed if they were lip syncing or not - which they weren't so that's goof
The band is just over. They are old and bad.
I love Marilyn Manson and this is 2 on trending!
ECW! ECW! ECW!
Бедняга...  Надеюсь декорации были не очень тяжёлыми 💜
Deserves it fuckin asshole
Hahaha fuck this leftist fucking kike rat faggot, get gassed nigger.
I've created a petition to stop people (mostly 12 year olds) from saying Legit. One Like = One Signature\n\n\n\nThose of you who reply Legit will be fined.
I would done it this order\n\n1st. Bread\n2nd. Tomato sauce \n3rd. A whole pepperoni \n4th. Cheese
Amazing stuff!! love your channel! Would love to connect and support your channel!
hey Liza can you plz make a tutorial on this channel on how to do the splits plz luv you lots
is kwisten her best friend because most liza's colabs are with her (btw fwenship goals)
2:47 i was eating ;o;
When ur on a strict diet and it's your cheat day
Pineapple *DOES NOT* go ON *PIZZA*
I mean that is exactly what Shane did except without a friend
Chop this up into tiny p- BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG!!!
When Liza licked Kristen’s booger finger I couldn’t help but scream lmao
I love your friendship
Omg that kiss at the last second was adorable especially Liza’s reaction
i love bete (sorry if i spelt it wrong) and dot from American Horror Story
Kristen looks like the I'm in me mums car girl 😂
Bobby souffle has never looked better than with his corn flakes X3 XD
Who else thought they were gonna do yummy nummies
I had an assignment to write who my family would be if I chose and Liza was my mom.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nKwisten was my dad.
Make it gingerbread man
i ship
hi Cwrstem
YAY KWISTEN
I ship it
You guys are adorable :)
MAKE SLIME BLINDFOLDED WITH KRISTEN McATEE
Best lesbian couples
helga should do goat yoga
3:11
Weird friendship goals
*screeching noises* \n“DJ Khalid” \nAccurate.
Hi cwisten✋
HI KWISTEN !
I’m 2days late ;(\n\n\n\n\n\nAnyways  one time I was looking through my closet and I found a a big hoodie sweater\nMind: you know what you must do ;)\n*puts one leg in the sleeve put arm in the other sleeve*\n*hops on one leg around the house*\nMe: look at me mom\nMom: wtf\nMe: im stuck\nMom:not my problem\nMe:oh well at least im a virgin *whispers* unlike you ;)\n \n\nAnd the story pretty much ends with me getting whooped
Her humor is very sexual and inappropriate at times
@liza what happened to you for past 3days u r outta no where.
Patiently waiting for a My Boyfriend Buys My Outfits from Liza and David... please and thank you.
I love Liza now but I kinda miss vine Liza
Yay Kristen  I love both of you'll
Hi Liza I am a big fan love you 😍
U should both make slim in the shirt XD
When you’re on a diet
This is like the first time uve actually succeeded in something... Im happy fr u ❤️❤️❤️❤️
high-five we did it **high fives self and realises shes alone**
3:09 We’re so white
I love your videos but why do you make them so short
WHO SAID COOKING WITH LIZZZZZZZZZZAAAA IS OVER!?!?
3:11 “jk don’t copyright me *soldier* boy”
Finally, someone who is just like me and my best friend!
When your on a diet but still crave junk food :P
I you Liza you make me laugh so hard!😊 Friendship goals❤️
i actually have a friend named Kristan, but I call her Kwistan. Whenever I say say hi, Kwisten! she says Hi, kwisten!
Okay I know they both have boyfriends....but is it me or do they both seem like they would be a great couple...
I can't find Kwisten's channel
An I the only one who thinks liza acts different when she is around Kristen  (NO HATE I LOVE LIZA) (and sorry iff I spelt there names wrong)
I honestly think some people take Liza's humor for pomegranted some other people and i think its fruitful, its also peachy :) (fruit puns for days) I love you liza!!! you are my role model!
Kwiza (Kristen and Liza ) or Livid (Liza and David ) pick wich one is better my ship names
ME -I WANT FRIENDS LIKE THIS IS THAT TO MUCH TO ASK  \n\n\n\nMY MOM - YES DARLING IT IS \n\n\n\n\nME ....(hello darkness my old friend)
Liza: plz don't copyright me\nYoutube: aw ok but just bc you're cute
I love you Liza
Look at KWISTENS face at 0:07 !! Her face should be famous or go on Americas got talent
I love your videos 😎😐😹
I love the intro
Omg liza, how tall are you? \nU just look so tiny lyyy❤
When Liza makes gluten free jokes\nMe: uhh? I’m actually gluten free lol
Ik Don't copyright me soldier boy😂😂😂 3:11
Where da unicorn squad at
Hi
HWWWIWIIII KWWUISSSTEEEEN
Yesterday 5m today 4.8m \nMe:well se0he lost subs fast as fuck
PLEEAAASE DO A COLLAB WITH LAUREN AND ALEX!!!
You two girls make awesome vids! Love ya'll!
Is no one gonna mention the very end??
when Iclicked on kwistens link it said this channel doesn't exist
Just before I watched this I made some massive cookies
I nearly died because I was eating noodles and then I choked and to make it worse you made a goddamn pun. Like seriously I nearly killed myself from choking on noodles while watching liza
I used to spend half of my lunch time making these out of my lunchables at school smh
I love you guys so much omfg
Kwisten: 1:20
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
2:10 when Liza gives birth to diza😂
Hi Kwisten
Bloopers got me falling off my Bed :D
liza is cool
Videos*
Soulja boy not soldier boy. Liza
DOLAN TWINS ARE QUAKING
So funny 😂😂
Say Hi Kwisten\n\nHI KWISTENNNNNNNN
Hi kwisten!
HI KWISTEN!!!!!!!
Absolutely loved it perfect
Thats the cutest meal ever! Aww. Ew liza you licked her boogers yuukk lol!
hahah the best video
BEST COLLAB
BITCH I HAVE NO NIPPLE
Heyy Kwisten
Hi cwisten
Sooo cute mini pizza 😍
lol
HI KWISTEN
Dragon Quest VIII. PS2. Do yourself the favor. Thank me later.
Is this a dream? Two video during one month. What did I do to deserve this? Just happy... I'm crying ...
Thought the shirt spelled ANUS for a moment..
Seth you should like make a full version of the race mini game segment
Pls monetize ur vids do you can hopefully do this full time!!! I need more of your vidsss!!!
The fire level is so much like the sun/moon temple from dark cloud xD
I'd buy a 54 minutes version of this just to be honest. $2.99 to $4.99 would be enough.
OMG THAT BOSS MUSIC THO, OMGGGGGGGG  ;0;  I need it to be an actual song  //ugly cry//  ToT
I need a DVD titled SethEverman for the Soul with all of his wonderful, wonderful content.
The fire level was great!!
i keep replaying the fire theme
Cuphead music theme??\nEDIT:I also thought that your hoodie says Anus.
I want a loop of the racing mini game music. That was lit.
the fire level theme is a bop
m8 that face throughout it all XD
i still wanna know what dog does
I was sad and now im a lil less sad
Do a full version of that fire theme, it's so good
Please make this into an album
hire this man now.
That boss theme has been stuck in my head and I'm okay with that.
I make perfect country to Putin your pocket
Shinobi 3: Return of the ninja master level 4............ Best water level ever!!!
Why is johnny sins playing the piano? (Not for innocent people)
boss battle phase is sexy af
there needs to be a full length Greg battle theme tbh
Seth Everman the game? Already completed it mate.
That moment you instinctively panic a little at the low health part.
Funny and cause it's so true LMAO!!!
How are you so fucking accurate holy shit
U are a legend
IS it bad that I want a full version of the Water theme? XD
One of the best Videos youve made :D Love the fire Level :DDDD
You're cool. We should hang out sometimes. We can be cool together and both watch mad as hell. Greetings from the Netherlands.
😂I love this game!
What is the name of this piano?
this was awsome, but the legends tho
Good that you always keep your head still im making a thesis on how to become a youtuber and you're an example on what to not do i kidd i love you thanks for good face
See you still haven't unpacked
that final boss music is actually unironically dope
Seth you have to make a download for the final boss theme, take my money and give me the music!
One day I am going to program a video game but it's gonna be the most generic thing (so this guy's evil go save the princess as the storyline) and I will use this music as my soundtrack
*owns a piano but plays keyboard on legs*
Where is the english captions
Could listen to racing mini game music all day!
The final boss theme was dope, Also water levels suck but the music is usually good
Wish I could make music that easy for my game :(
highlight of my day! :))
Omg this is so awesome hahahah i love it!
That boss theme is catchy as fuck
Can you maybe flesh out some of these themes and make a separate video for them? The water level was such a short little ditty but even from that short bit, it's in my head. I'd love to hear a full version!
who in their right mind can dislike this?\n\n\n\nthey need some milk
Racing mini-game: Thunderstruck by ACDC\nYou saved the princess: Canon by Pachelbel
But is Greg easier or harder to beat than Kenneth, the Very Evil (and strong)?
I like One Punch Man making Music 😃
The jungle song. It is actually like your playing a drum 😂
congratulations you got a sub
Why the english sub removed?
This was amazing! So funny!
1:12 I don't know why, but this reminds me of Age of Empires II.
This is so rad
For some reason I really want to hear these piece expanded especially the air level
@setheverman Would be cool to get all the element lvls & boss themes in full version they sound cool.
this is just so good seth, love all the ideas behind it
Wait this is a genre?
nice video. k see u next year
PLEASE MAKE MORE!  OMG THESE ARE GOLD!
*T H A T  D A M N  W A T E R  L E V E L  A G G H H H*
Yes.
Your epic
i deadass thought your shirt said ANUS
Love it
lol
congratulations, new subscriber
Play hitman theme
legend of zelda is shaking
yes
1:19 lol
Dog
fukcing perfect
Impressive
another please!
Good job Mr 47 :D
That fire theme
loading...
Duuuuude, that second phase theme
Your cat is cute
*SAITAMA SENSEI*
GLUB GLUB BOYS
vitamin c  😂😂😂
ÅHUS
2:13 HERREGUD DE E JU BJÖRNES MAGASIN HAHAHAH FAN VA NOSTALGIIIII
1:14 hears like so satisfying
Anus 1921
0:19 he rolled his eyes ahahahahah
#40 trending baby!
His jumper says ANUS
genius
Yes.
Brilliant. ❤
Alexandra owned that dance!! Nice to see the judges give it so much love too ;)
Gorka’s Sexy As Hell
This is like Alexandra Burke in week 3 of Xfactor with candy man
This was *LIT* - cannot wait to see how firey their Argentine Tango is gonna be (whenever they get it)
If they are shagging \nI definitely don't blame her 😂
A dance to watch more than once,I would have liked to see it go on for lot longer, love the song,brilliant for me Latin dancing is King.
Great British people, I am calling for you to vote for this amazing couple! As I can not do it myself from Czech republic, please keep amazing Gorka and fabulous Alexandra until the finals! And I am going to watch this ten more times.
After this I wanted to dance. I did...\n\nI danced against a door and now my head is aching. \nWhat is my life?
I think I have a weird obsession with this routine.. I keep creepingly coming back to watch it.. can't get over it.. and I know this may sound weird but I want them to date.. they are such a great looking pair... Shipping them so hard...
Alexandra as good as as pro - in 2 weeks !! Paso Doble and Alexandra made for each other
WOW!!! ........and only week 2!! Gorka.......you really hit the jack-pot when you were partnered with this girl!!!!
i sincerely hope that alexandra and gorka don't get the same treatment that natalie gumede and artem got a few years back. in my opinion, natalie has been the very best dancer to appear on strictly (with, or, without previous experience argument). alexandra could well equal the achievements of natalie. absolute pleasure to watch over and over again.
SLAYYYY
One of the best dances ive seen on strictly, loved it! They've got such amazing chemistry together and Gorka, be still my beating heart!! 😍 I thought no one could replace Aljaz as my number 1 strictly crush but Gorka's giving it a good go lol
This is perhaps the only time I've thought that Jennifer Lopez song has ever sounded good, haha! A thrilling paso. There were a few rough spins and I wish that the walking transitions looked a bit more musical rather than rushed. Nonetheless, the 36 was definitely justified, in my view. Great choreo from Gorka and it really showed off Alexandra's grace, speed and power.\nOverall, I'm rooting for Alexandra. Despite (thankfully) the few idiotic bores further down in the comments section playing into misomelangyny and claiming she's 'arrogant' and 'up herself', she's a very talented, professional and unassuming entertainer that evidently not only dedicates herself to her craft but also – more importantly – enjoys it. I sincerely hope she gets into the final.
I think that is a very good example of somebody who understands ballroom dancing and the little details of flamenco (paso doble). Very well executed by both.
They definitely saved the best till last. Fab-u-lous as Craig would say. Alexandra danced like a pro, and Gorka looks hot. Not my overall favourites, but one of them (I think it's hard to have a fave this early). It's a 10 from me.
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the new Alesha Dixon!
I've watched Strictly Come Dancing since it launched and no-one has ever danced a paso doble with such power and commitment. I just wanted to scream with power! OLE ALEXANDRA! If this was not week two, that would have been 40!
I feel like that would've been even more powerful if it had a traditional paso song. The salsa feeling kinda threw me off, which is why i wanted to watch it some more. Wow!
This felt like the first moment of the series.And in a frankly not too deep field this year,barring accidents, she's a finalist.I have to say I haven't quite warmed to her yet,but that's more about me with driven people.This was a delight by the way.Also I felt she was strangely undermarked last week.
This is one of the best dances I have seen on strictly. The song was just perfect too.. I like that they did the Spanish version. But I agree with what Darcy says, the way Alexandra expresses herself to the music is amazing to watch.
I genuinely can't believe the intensity she attacked this with and the difficult technique that she nailed - amazing.
Who knew she could be this intense? I thought I would pass out after watching this dance
This was of a quality not even seen in the final by all but a few of the winners.
If thats how she preforms the Paso, I CANNOT Wait for her Tango and Argentinian Tango
Que arte♡
https://youtu.be/fF8W_BDRqWo
Seriously undermarkef
Where the 40 at?
This dance!!! OH MY GOODNESS
OMG love this girl. Amazing and only week 2. It's gonna be fantastic final. Betting on Alexandra, Aston and Debbie in final.
Amazing xxxx
Fantastique
Cough cough decency please Man!
Possible Strictly winner??!!
YASSSS work alex!! best dance on strictly in a while
Oliver AndMiaVEVO\nOliver AndMiaVEVO\n1 second ago\nwhat is the last number of your like:\n1-Davood and Nadiya \n2-Mollie and AJ \n3-Chizzy and Pasha\n4-Gemma and Aljaz \n5-Rev Richard Cole and Dianne\n6-Susan and Kevin\n7-Charlotte and Brendan\n8-Alexandra and Gorka \n9-Aston and Janette\n0-Joe and Katya  \n\nLeave a comment telling me if you think this is a cool idea and who you got i cant wait to find out also keep dancing\nMia and Oliver vevo
She started of really good but her nerves kicked in you can see her legs shaking and a view steps missed but all in amazing for UK
We love Strictly and this year there are so many brilliant contestants
She dancing with her massa
Its just a lot of flicking around, kinda easy!
Watched this back so many times now. Mainly, because at least the first 10 times I couldn't take my eyes off of Gorka, he's sooo pretty!!! Alexandra, though absolutely smashed it! You go girl!
Brilliant.
😍😍😍
On da floooorrrr
9
I'm so glad this _hopefully_ means Gorka will get to stay in for the long run this year. I'm still bitter that he and Tameka were voted out in week 3 last year. I hope this is his year!
AMAZING FIREY HOT PASSION SOMEONE HELP COOL DOWN THE FLAMES!
Honestly rewinded this dance more than 10 times last night. Parents got annoyed so I went to bed- secretly keeping watching on YouTube. You're my faves guys- literally was dreaming last night I was dancing with Gorka
I couldnt keep my eyes of her.. her every move was so entertaining and beautiful as well as passionate.. the chemistry between the both was on another level in this performance
She is going to WIN this show
Yaaaaaaaas that was so fast!!!
Oh my god\nHow beautiful is the male dancer!!!!!
I normally hate the Paso but this was so good :)
British clapping annoys the crap out of me. And i'm British.
If only people were as passionate about spirituality and humanity as they are about dancing lol.
Wow what a performance  , never ever seen a pass like that . Alexandra  you can dance
My favourite couple on Strictly Come Dancing this year love them!
Alexandra and Gorka are simply the best better than all the rest better than anyone who's ever been on the show before things can only get better by the strength and sheer excellence of this dance
No she did no just slay my life
Alexandra didn't came to play !
The best in years since Alesha and fit Gorka too! Loved this in ironic Spanish
I am now at the age where I have started to watching Strictly.. Where is my pipe and slippers?
My new single Two Sides To You is now available on Spotify, iTunes, Amazon, GooglePlay and more! \nHead over to my Facebook page to get the links! \nFacebook.com/SayshaWilliamsMusic. Xo
I love strictly come dancing
I Also Think Alexandra & Gorká Would Earn The 2017 Glitterball!
This would have been amazing at any stage... but for week two?  Outstanding!
Alexandra is just beyond talented, she owned x-factor and now Strictly too. She’s a superstar.
Alexandra Burke wow she was once a singer...
Genuinely thought Alexandra was one of the professionals in this episode omdsss
She was so hot and fiery I couldn't take my eyes off her... and Gorka had his gorgeous chest out! =P It was a dance worthy of a 10 or two; and if it wasn't only week two, I think we might have seen it.
I used to love her on X Factor but damn. Her dancing is as good as her singing!
she is an amazing dancer... she is a bit smug but honestly this is an unbelievable performance by her for week 2 of the show and not much experience
Great dance for Week 2. 9/10
They are smoking hot….Thank hmmm Gorka has a partner that can dance so we can see him in full view! Yum Yum Yum!!!!! Can’t wait for next week
Can't believe what I'm watching considering it's only the second week. AMAZING!
Blooming heck that was amazing!
Hmm, I was thinking before it started: this'll be ok... 0.12 BAM!!! Jump-spin and the fireworks exploded. Definitely worth the score and the standing ovation from CRAIG that it received!
I'm still amazed at this & it's only the 2nd week!! Thrilled for Gorka who went out too soon last year!!!
Jls and the Saturdays face ...like WTF face lol hilarious
Uno what gets me\n Aston has more views for his dance. And I'm sorry he is certainly not as good as this. I now know he will win the show just cous he has biggest fan base not cool
They remind me of Normani and val anyone else?
I do get annoyed when Alexandra talks but she is such a talented singer and dancer! This definitely tho is the performance of the night! Possible one of the best paso doble performances I've ever seen actually! 😱💚
Naturally Get Rid of Pigmentation & Dark spots \nhttps://youtu.be/YEwsstcNSl0
She's still a little sloppy and lacks fluidity, so let's not sugar coat her ability to dance too much.
She's incredibly flat footed it's painful to watch 😬 she did a good job and that but her technique is not good but then it's only week 2
You strictly lot need to learn to dance this is how you do it http://youtu.be/uupZlTULD1w
Used to admire Alexander when she won the Xfactor, she stated music was her life and all she wanted was to sing. Since her first album I've heard virtually nothing from her. As with most X factor winners they get one or two albums out and then give up and settle for doing adverts when their money runs out. She's still massively talented but I'm disappointed in her lack of commitment to what was her apparent dream.
Omg she's absoulty stunning! Amazing dancer and so much passion! I hate all these talent shows but I'm a little bit tempted to start watching this one because of her but I won't
I'm probably the only one who didn't enjoy this dance. I like power and attack but she came across as psychotic. I liked her dance last week more.
Just curious if any of you women out there have complained to BBC about Gorkas outfit....or lack of? I mean after all, it is a 'family show'. I mean... .Dont you all go crazy when the pro girls show too much leg or tits? Amazing how quiet you all are when there is a 6 pack on show! Pffft.
Ohh shock shock another \nCompetitor that got a big applause .. for dancing well  ..\nOh I forgot they danced before??? it's a fair competion  ok let me see Aston ,Debbie ,Alexander ..I thought it was about stars that never danced before and see how they come on threw the weeks .. it's \nabit unfair as the dancers are a bit disadvantage .
Since when did John fashanu join the strictly contestants?
I don't get it, this just didn't have the paso feel that Debbie's had last week. Emperor's new clothes springs to mind...
Alexandra is also dance trained yet nobody seems to give her grief compared with Debbie
Who is the most annoying person in the world?\n\nAlexandra Burke by a country mile.\n\nMy idea of hell would be to be stuck in a lift with her....
Another one who has been taking dancing lessons way before the series started..pathetic..
A great dance but you can’t compare her to the others. She has a lot of dance experience and shouldn’t be on an amateur dance comp against people with no dance experience at all
Too fast and too aggressive needed more content. Thumbs down.
May God be with the victims and their families😢😢😢
😢😭😢 thanks for sharing. God Bless those victims in Las Vegas😢😢
Don't believe everything you see on TV.
Thanks for sharing this
See this, Hollywood?  This is how you conduct a vigil without turning it into your own political soapbox.
Thanks Amy what a beautiful prayer full of the Holy Spirit
My heart hurts for all !! God bless them all!
God Bless their souls and families.... No words.. Lord hear our prayers for ALL!!
If this video can get to trending with 8.5k views, then anyone can. #PrayForVegas
At 24:41 right before the 3rd verse of Bridge Over Troubled Water you can hear Keith Urban play a quick snippet of Free Fallin' as a subtle tribute to Tom Petty who also passed away yesterday.
Alison Krauss is so breathtaking. I get chills every time I hear her sing. She has the voice of an angel. My god be with all the victims from the vegas shooting. 🙏🏻
Such a senseless tragedy in Las Vegas. Many thanks to Keith Urban, Vince Gill, Amy Grant and Alison Krauss who all used their incredible gift of voice to help try and console.
am pray to
God bless the Las Vegas victims, Puerto Rico,San Juan,Barbuda,Dominica,\nHatti,Texas,Syria,\nYemen,Samolia and the Black men who have been shot and killed by the police. Black Lives Matter. God bless the USA in the era of Trump.
These are the kind of idiits killing america. Ignorant filthy god cult psychos. Shut up !!
See people if you just would have prayed harder at the last mass shooting, we wouldn't be dealing with this now.
Looks shady to me. Nobody talking about Trump investigation anymore? This seems like a Russian conspiracy to distract from Trump's investigation.
God bless these families,I pray for you all. God be with you.
This is a beautiful tribute to alll we have lost! My heart goes with the victims familes!!
Wow that was powerful. I love the amazing grace song.
Prayers don't do shit.  Time for action.  Your God helps those who help themselves.
Couldn't hardly listen to go rest high on that mountain. Played that at my grandfather and great grandmothers funerals. God bless the victims of this terrible act of evil, and god bless this great nation and assist us in condemnation of acts of terror such as what we experienced.
Fake
We keep praying, but somehow we keep having mass shootings? Maybe we should try something else?
💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔
8k views on trending =_=
How horrible , sad
Leave this on every video to spread love. #PrayforVegas
I don't cry. I never cry. But tonight. I cried.
It's time we deported 300 million guns and banned the 11+ illegals for purchase.
Love you all even god is the best😢😢😢😢 this is for hurricane,shooting,\nKilling I hope you all come back to life 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
God should've stopped this
Praying... so kind.\n\n_Sigh._ Why the fuck don't we take some action instead of talking to our invisible friends?
The ones who died before the age of 41, the age of responsibility, they are in Heaven and having fun and laughing at us, while we are suffering over here. So worry about your own neck. The Almighty Creator made a covenant with us long time ago that If we DO NOT pray and thank our Creator every day for the roof over our head, for our jobs in order to get His provisions, for our health and protections, and if we do not pay 10% of our earnings to the needy relatives, fatherless children, and homeless people, then we Should NOT expect any protection from our Creator, yet He has given us enough respites. And now we have the scientifically proven scripture based on mathematics, the exact sceince to prove that. But, media and illiterate preachers have been raping our hearts and souls for just a few $ and they turned us to a Godless nation, and bunch of idol worshipers. That is why we have been bringing disaster after disasters upon ourselves with our own wrong doings.
Middle aged white guy murders 50. Time to put Nevada in the TRAVEL BAN, Donnie. NRA spent $60 million on GOP during election. BLOOD MONEY.
what you can do is STOP WHITE SUPPREMISIT HATE CRIMES!
“Good God almighty, good God almighty, that killed him…as God as my witness he is broken in half”
YOU JUST MADE THE LIST
Did that look fake to anyone else
it's fake, now back to my porno because that's real
It looks like he hurt his lower back during that takedown and his opponent notices it and be like fck it Im Doing the Walls of Jericho Maaaaannnnnn!
Looked scripted to the fuck..
Fake as fuck
WWE fans here>
It's fully legit and it would break you in half . It's all about posting luck we're you end up out of a scramble. This is a rare finish to get the two legs
Punches were half hearted. Reactions to them were too strong.
Looks 100 percent fake.  I've been rolling for over 10 years and NEVER seen anyone lay there while a guy fumbles with his legs, or roll stomach down from love taps.   Troll.  That was the SLOWEST leg grab / clumsy as hell transition that I've ever seen.
MMA fans are the most retarded fans in all of sports. Everything is fake except mma 😂
Next please God let someone win a mma match with a RKO or a Stone Cold STUNNER
Get the fuck outta here lol
FAKE
Fake as fuck.\nThat dude got a pillow punch to the face @:28 and turtled up his face leaving his legs limp for 3 seconds as if he was asleep.\nI call bs
He helped him by ajusting his leg lmfao. Fake as fuck
i thought you couldnt attack the spine and small joints?
Is it me or does the screaming dude slick sound like Paul hey man for a second
Ya wtf, did Michael Bolton make the finish here or what?  And how the fuck is it a Walls of Jericho when he just stole that move, originally called the Boston Crab
you know what happens when you use the walls of jericho without jerichos permission ?\nyou know what happens !!
some moves are in the WWE are effective in real life combat situation
I do this to the misses when she ain't givin it!!!
Clearly fake. If it was real they would be continuously ringing the bell while he nods his head to apply more pressure.
Walls of Jericho? That move is older than WWE... If only they watched good old Lucha Llibre........
That was some seriously fake shit right there.  Anyone who actually believes that was not a work, I have some prime real estate on the moon to sell you. Dirt cheap.
Dude that lost looks like he's never seen any type of grappling before. \n\nEither he was that bad and unskilled or this is fake as fuck.
It's not fake. Allegedly he slipped a disc in his spine on that dlt so you can only imagine the effect of contorting his legs and lower bavk
lion tamer is much better than the walls
That actually does work.. it seems like he got it to easy but that shit actually hurts enough to get someone to tap... you back can only bridge so far and the more he goes the more pressure on your chest... bushing up only hurts your back more...its hard to explain you must experience it to know what i mean.
If you ever been on this submission you will know that this move makes it hard for people to breathe when in this position
I need to do this when i fight someone
And your new WWE champion is......
Boy was that set up. No way in hell a pro fighter would let anyman sit on his back and slowly grab both of his legs smh. When i saw this i thought there was going to be some crazy set up to get the sub but that was just one guy allowing the other guy to do it wtf is that bs
Guy hurt his back and was winded by the fall, this wouldn't have worked if his opponent was not in a weakened state.
Fixed, Zangief from street fighter was trying to get into the move before it was being done on him...
It's not Boston Crab, it's just crap
Where are the other fights ?
This looked fake as hell, dude was making zero effort to get up at 0:30, just let it happen.
The way the guy was making weird faces the whole time, and just laying there like a fish out of the water... Looks fake, still fun submission tho
here is a vid I did years ago on half-crab, and a half crab was ACTUALLY legit done in Indian MMA a few years back fyi https://youtu.be/fA1NxkhnYdM
That guys back looked broken from the takedown. Why would you even MMA if you can get beat with THAT pro wrestling move.  Tough way to make a buck
I had the Bolton Crabs ! strange really ? As the Crab had a shaved pussy ?
That was an insult to anyone with eyes.
He knew what he was doing all along, you can tell he had already planned it
imagine if it was the lion tamer
guy hurt himself on the takedown, thats why he could get it
Really looks fake wtf! Why would anyone agree to being embarrassed like that
He tapped only because he hurt his back, You can see him grimacing from pain after the takedown.
fake nothing else to say
You just made the list !
Aaron Jones looked hurt after the takedown, then took a good shot to the right eye and went defensive belly down, he was hurt and in cover mode so the boston crab was easy to setup. I think this is legit. You watch too much UFC and you forget there are some pretty bad fighters out there who can get caught by something like this
Oh my that's so fake. Please don't destroy the reputation of mma with these fake fighters
Fucking easy. I always do this to my sister. Lol
BREAK THE WALLS DOWN
Break the walls down
LOL he gave him his right leg.. all he had to do is extend his right leg, get on his right hip and shake his left leg. i cant believe people are falling for this fake bullshit
пипец, реслинг теперь в клетке устраивают?))
B. e. a. utiful
it's bullshit crab
You do realize when applied properly, a boston crab will get you a submission...I've done it; just sayin'.
Fake a planned
pmsl nice
Amazing finish!
🎶 You can't wrestle, tan tan tan tan tan 🎶
what a joker
fake and gay
0.27 that fake punch lol
WTF, 100% fake, no way!!!
That looked so homoerotic
Ha
NOT FAKE
Looks faker than WWE.
Fake as shit
looks scripted
jajajajajajaj que malos tio
FAKE
WWE FAN HERE
OMG J.R ITS THE WALLLLSSSS!
Fucking UFC Creative buried him
Fake.
WWE
Faker than WWE
About as real as a leprechaun flying a unicorn
BOSTON crab. Not Bolton.
That punch was so fake before the SHARP SHOOTER.
Back in 199X it use to be Boston crab now it's Bolton who?
That looks set up  and definitely not walls of Jericho
It's not the walls of Jericho.  Jericho puts a knee in ur back
Alright, Now if they can pull off a Figure-Four or a Sharpshooter, then maybe I’ll watch an MMA match.
Jonno gets style points for sticking the tongue out
CAN WE GET A STONE COLD STUNNER NEXT WEEK.
Probably fake but still that move hurts like fuck, anybody with older siblings who are WWE fans will relate all too well
That was a pure set up .Pure theaterised shite. Mma fans of purity will have seen tight through that one 👎
That gay gave that to him
The fact that they called it before he even grabbed both legs makes it look hella fake. Not gonna judge tho.
Dana White's Lookin For A Fight...... won't be lookin here!
scripted better than EastEnders
*BOSTON CRAB
I was literally thinking the other day that I'm surprised a figure 4 leg lock hasn't been done in UFC yet as it's pretty easy to do and extremely effective
I remember your post about the mummy's still got her tummy comment and it's actually what made me start following you. I didn't however realise that the comment had come from a NURSE!!!! That's absolutely horrifying to hear!!!!! They are the people who are supposed to reassure you and a really fragile time and the fact that she had the nerve to make such a shitty comment it appalling 😡
Would love you to do a video about PCOS and how you overcame it x
And you've done it again! Touched me with your honesty as if you were the little angel on my left shoulder that is telling me that everything is alright! THANK YOU GI! 😇
I never had an issue with my body was happy with it, felt I looked good, always dressed nice then my friend wanted to join WW to be bridesmaid to my wedding but was scared to go alone so I went with her for moral support. Now 3 years on I’ve lost 2 stone and weight myself daily, feel guilty for anything nice that passes my lips and hate my stomach so much it’s ridiculous. I needed to hear your little chat tonight to have a think back to my size 12/14 self who never even owned a set of scales and enjoyed her food. Thank you G, keep being awesome xxxx 😘
I have a trick which seems to work for me when I need a boost about my body.  I'm not sure if it's a good trick or if it has downsides but as I say, it seems to work.  \nHow would I feel about myself if I was the size I am now but had just lost half a stone or a stone in weight?  I'd feel great, really confident, able to take on the world.  Even though I'm still the same size I am.  So it's all about tricking my mind that I've already lost some weight, and bringing about those feelings from previous weight losses.  Or I'm just gullible, it might be that!   \nIt's also good to remember everyone is different - there is no one perfect body shape or height or weight.  And that most people at some point feel the same way about their body, well their life really, and will be more sympathetic than you might think. xx
AH Thank you for talking about PCOS! It's hardly talked about in the US. so nice to hear someone else talk about it. It's a constant struggle for me and so many.
Do you know, the only body any of us need is a healthy body, whatever shape or size, as long as you are healthy and your body is healthy hen your winning!!!
Absolutely love this Gi! You’re so inspiring for every lady - from those who are incredibly body confident and those who unfortunately struggle!!\nThere are a few days when I feel great but unfortunately there are more ‘meh’ days outweighing them, this has been bringing me down and I have noticed that I have been more emotional over the last couple of weeks.\n\nI have found this video so helpful in realising that it is okay to have ‘meh’ days (and eat rubbish all day!) but then actually to look at yourself and say ‘You’re amazing! You’re beautiful! It doesn’t matter what anybody else says or thinks about you! You can do this! You’re on top of your game and no one can bring you down!’\n\nMuch love Gi!! Love you, Tom and the boys! 💜💙💙💙 xx
thank you Gi ❤️ I'm only 18 and I can't really remember a time where I loved my body or myself for that matter. Your videos inspire me to embrace who I am and to have a positive outlook on life!!
After suffering from anorexia for years and years I really appreciate super honest videos and posts like this my love!! Well done you, it why we all love ya! ❤️
Totally love this. I have the PCOS too. The stretch marks are hormonal and related to the PCOS, even though you were so young.  I agree that you need to accept and give your body love and what it needs. I agree also that the fasting makes this body type feel wonderful. I fast two days every week, just eating 700 calories, and lose a little weight sometimes, but mostly, I feel great. Keep it up you are so cool.
Hi Gi! i'm not a mummy but i definitely understand the feeling of being or thinking i was the chubby kid  and feeling like skinny was in, i'm still in my 20's and i'm still working through my self-esteem and body image . I love your honesty and think you are absolutely gorgeous inside and out ! Thank you for being so inspiring <3 <3 <3
I've just been talking about the same thing lately! I used to be so hard on myself, and really nitpick, because I wanted to look perfect. There was a point where I looked just how I wanted to. Since having a baby, my body has changed a lot, you could say haha, but I'm okay with how I look, because it's who I am, and I have a great baby now.
Appreciate the honesty so much. I’m 16 and I know I compare myself to my friends and the supermodels I see everywhere I go so I’m very grateful to hear your story and hopefully take something from it ❤️
You have just completely voiced every thought I've ever had about PCOS and trying to get pregnant. Thank you for being so honest, you're an inspiration Gi xx
Honestly Gi, you are such an inspiration to me! I was diagnosed with PCOS when I was 17 (now 20) and I have struggled majorly with my body confidence. Over the past few months I have discovered a lot more about how to manage my symptoms and have started to lose weight just through having changed a few things in my diet and being more conscious of what I'm putting into my body - it is crazy! Just like you I go through days where I get a little angry at my body but then I have days where I look at myself in the mirror and think 'wow, i do look good!' I just want to thank you for being so open about your experiences and about your body! I always love watching your little snip bits of PMAC training - I occasionally steal a few exercise ideas from your routines! Thank you for being you! <3
I've always been the larger one too.. probably a comfortable size 12, which I would kill to be now. \nI have had a baby, and I didn't quite realise how much my body would change! Since having my little girl, I have lost all my baby weight, and then some, but I feel fatter than I was. My stomach now sags with loose skin, as do my arms and thighs. I can probably cope with it, but it is defiantly an eye opener, as I was stupidly thought that my stomach would go back to roughly what it was. \nNow seeing my body, I am just the same as you, I wish I wouldn't have felt so awkward about myself back when I was a size 12, I looked amazing. \nHowever, I wouldn't take it back. The experiences I've had outweigh a smaller body. I feel like I'm the luckiest person ever. I have a wonderful husband and 16 month old daughter. Xxx
I had the same experience when I first got stretch marks! Except I was horrified because I thought they were scars and they’d just appeared overnight and I didn’t know what they were... and I never actually thought to ask anyone and just ended up working it out as puberty came and my hips and boobs got them too
It is amazing how a throwaway comment can affect our thoughts. I am 7 months pregnant and I recently was standing in a queue and a Spanish couple in front said (in Spanish) let the fatty go in front. I speak Spanish so was completely shocked and didn't say anything to them. It really hurt me for a while and I am now kicking myself I didn't say something.x
I had twins last year and it astonishes me the number of people who almost congratulate me for looking like I never even had a baby, let alone two.  Obviously it is meant as a compliment but it DID happen and it worries me how we live in this society that wants women to look untouched by the amazing things their bodies can do.
I'm at the heaviest I've ever been, being 200lbs. I don't feel like myself at all. I look at my face and it's plumper than I'm used to. I've gotten to size 14 pants and that's the end of normal sizes. I have to buy shirts in L and dresses in XL. I hate it. I can only wear certain styles of clothes because I don't want to bring notice to any of the rolls. And yet I'm scared of exercising because I'm scared of being nauseous. The weight has even given me acid reflux. My doctor told me that even 10 lbs down would most likely solve my problems. My BMI tells me I'm legitimately obese, but if you look at me I look pretty damn normal. Before anyone says BMI is flawed and I shouldn't use it, I should say yes it is flawed. However, BMI is still pretty good at telling the average person who's not an extreme athlete or body builder which weight range they're in. It's great for determining at risk populations of average people. Anyhow, what bothers me is that I don't look like what you think of when you think of obesity. So having the title of obese put on me feels really out of place. I've been trying to focus more on my food. Eating more whole foods and less processed stuff. Drinking more water and tea. Making sure I eat my meals and that they're well portioned and limiting my snacks to 2 healthy snacks between meals. Especially avoiding eating past 7pm. Hopefully I can change these things gradually because I'd really like to feel like myself again and express myself the way I used to.
How do I encourage my fiance who doesn't like his body or feel confident with his appearance? I've got plenty of support and advice for my sisters... but what can I do for him???
Honesty like this really encourages me and gives me perspective <3 Love this!
You are such an inspiration. I'm now 16 and have struggled with how I've looked since around age 8 and it's getting worse. I've always punished myself for how I look but it's now horrible looking back at photos when I was 12/13 and I was actually so thin from avoiding food yet I know I was still positive I was overweight but now at 16 I've changed again and I hate it, I hate everything about me and I'm struggling so much with it, I'm leaving for an amazing trip in a few weeks to Iceland with my school yet my anxiety is out of control because all I can think about is that on the last day we are going swimming, I haven't stopped thinking about that for over a year and I desperately no longer want to go just because of how I'm going to look. I just wish I looked like somebody else
Thank you Gi for honestly and openly sharing with the world all the time. I feel like I could hug you today watching this. I'm same age as you and only the other day looked at young 20 something me and thought omg remember when your skin was that clear and young and fresh and you could do anything. Age is experience but youth is amazing too only when it has been lived through.
As long as I can remember iv been really self conscious of my body. All the way through high school all my friends were tiny and I always felt the odd one out, and I even had comments thrown at me in the school corridor about my size. I'm now 21 and still hate the body I'm in, and seem unable to loose weight yet at the same time have no motivation or energy to work out and push myself to loose it. I eat healthily but still allow the odd treat. I'd never dear wear anything skin tight or fitted only baggy tops and jumpers and you'd never catch me in a bikini or swimsuit in public! I can't remember the last time I stood in front of my mirror and had positive body thoughts, I tend to avoid it when I'm in just my underwear or getting dressed.
I really worry about children these days and how much they are influenced by all of the things they have access to now. BUT having said that, seeing more real life, normal people on YouTube, will hopefully give a more balanced view of the world 🦄💙💚💛💜
❤️
I wish I had a ounce of your self appreciative confidence. I have two children and struggle daily with accepting myself. My husband hasn't seen me naked (bar childbirth and pitch black intimate moments!) since before I had my first child. I look at myself in the mirror and feel proud of birthing two children, but I also mourn how confident and happy I felt with my body before getting pregnant. I eat well, I keep fit, but I just cannot shake the lack of confidence, I don't know how. I hope one day I can, because it's soul destroying
Fab mum day gi on the whole my bod is ok but I will forever be mum belly with tiger stripes but wouldn't change it. Taken me 7 years and 2 kids to get here tho
I have never been pregnant and sadly I never will as I can't have children. But I totally relate to the feelings in this video. I am 38 and still trying to find how to be comfortable in my own skin plus size skin and cant bear to look in the mirror but i am working on it Thank you for your honesty. I love your videos. X
Struggling to see why this is on trending..? no critique of the vid just numbers.
Oh Gi! ❤️ I'm pregnant with twin girls due any day now. I've always been large ever since I gained weight when I was 15 y.o. (26 now) and my mum and my sis has always been nagging me to lose weight and be that thin again. Now with my pregnancy I've lost a lot of weight due to morning sickness and they've been on me to start weight watchers as soon as my girls are born - just so that I can keep that weight and drop further. It makes me so mad and sad. 😔😡
Thank you, thank you, thank you x
I too felt empowered throughout pregnancy and I now feel proud of those stretch marks post pregnancy! I was worried about what my body would look like after giving birth but I've never been this happy about my body. I view my stretch marks as a reminder of how empowered I felt during pregnancy and hope to never feel bad about my body again!
so honest and so truthful for so many people including myself. i'm not a mum but i love these videos!
Probably late to the discussion, but I am currently 20 and i started noticing stretch marks when i was around 15/16. They'd probably developed long before that, but that was the first time I'd properly paid attention to them. At the time, it didn't bother me, they were only on the inside of the thighs, who would see them? Around a year ago, they started getting really dark, like a dark purple kinda colour  (they used to be silver), and there were a lot more on my thighs, but also on my sides. I've always been really self conscious about my weight and I dress to hide it a lot of the time. You're videos and your book and just you in general are really helping me to be okay with my 'tiger stripes' and to know that you dont have to look like everyone else to be happy with who you are. You're so confident and honest and real and its a very nice and much needed break from all the perfect models on Instagram and on magazines❤xx
I thought we only got stretchmarks when pregnant and was horrified when I got the same thigh marks and more on my boobs in my childhood. I was so ashamed of them I wouldn't go the the beach or swim with my friends anymore. I'm still not confident having my legs out. Thank you for talking about this! <3
I'm much more confident with the way I look now compared to when I was a teen/early 20s. I was so unhealthily skinny (could see my ribs) and I hated the way I looked in comparison to more curvaceous friends! I've got more to me now and I'm much happier!
This was what I needed to hear today. Thank you for encouraging me. It was actually a few weeks ago I realized I was comparing my body to my 18 year old body. The one that didn't have the health issues I have now. My goal is to be healthy now. Whether that means I'm fat or not. Being healthy is key. <3
So happy you posted this today. I suffer with body dysmorphia and in my teens i hated my body. I was a size 8 and hated it. Everyone said i looked great and i couldn't see it. I sufffered with pcos and endometriosis along with other issues so i was hairy and my stomach would swell. I had my oldest at 19 and struggled with the weight gain to the point i was nearly hospitalised. But once she was born my worries seemed to get put in a box, it was like someone flicked a switch and i was happier with how i looked. Now im pregnant with baby no.4 and embracing the bump and womanly curves. I love my saggy pouch from my 2 cesareans and my scars from various needles and ops. I know that my body has made some amazing munchkins who tell me everyday how beautiful i am 💕
I seriously have a love hate relationship with my body. Some days I love it and think “you like great, you have had 2 kids - awesome!!” Then the next I see a large stomach and bits that wobble and stretch marks and it’s repulsive. I think us as women will never love ourselves completely because of media we see and these “celebs” who snap back and just have that “skinny gene” but we should be bloody proud of it...  (by the way massive fans of you and your family!) - Essex Mum too!
All women are beautiful
My highest weight was 285lbs and my main goal was to get under 200 and I did! It took about 3 years and I got down to 193! My final goal was (still is) 160 but I found out I was pregnant when I was at 193. I am now 36 weeks pregnant and I must say, going above 200 again was really hard and it made me sad. My husband has been amazing and keeps telling me how beautiful I am and I know it'll be worth it because I'm gonna have a beautiful baby girl. My body will never be the same and I accept that. I mean, I'm growing a tiny human inside of me! Isn't it amazing?! You are an inspiration for so many people Gi. We all love you <3
This is so inspirational !! ❤️
I have never been skinny and I hate the term fat - I prefer to call myself a plus size lady! I was bullied for my weight which didn't help - I comfort ate cause I thought it made me feel good. However I'm 24, still plus size but I am happy and healthy. I was always told you will never have a boyfriend if you are fat - but I was in a 2 year relationship with a guy who adored me and we would still be together but he unfortunately passed away. However, there is light at the end of the tunnel - I've been told by guys I'm there type - and I have a date on Wednesday! I will lose weight for me and not anyone else! Anyways who'd want to fit in - I prefer being unique xxx
Last year I wore with myself about my body image and how I felt which led to me writing on a friend’s blog about my hang ups and wobbly bits. The amount of people that wanted to talk to me and say “I feel the same way too” was incredible. Don’t worry! Everyone has bits they don’t like!!\n\n(P.s here’s the link to my post: http://www.verbalremedy.co.uk/no-interest-fat-friend/ )
couldn't agree more with everything you said. didn't feel great about my body early on in puberty (probably cause I was quite skinny as a child but developed early) but I've got used to it and yeah I do have moments where I wish I had a completely flat stomach but hey ho that's life 😊😊😊
Gi you are such an inspiration, thank you for talking so openly about subjects like this, and making everyone feel accepted and appreciate the fact that we are who we are. Xx
My story is similar to yours. I was never super confident in my body. High school was a mess for me, but I got past it. I then, after accepting my body for the most part was in an abusive relationship where the guy was so worried about me getting fat that he did extreme things to me to make me diet, excersize, etc. \nGot out of that after way to long and claimed ownership over my body again. Never again would a man dictate me like that.  \nI found a wonderful man who said he could care less what I weigh, and we married.\nI felt good about myself, not the skinniest ive ever been, perhaps the largest, but the most loved.\nMy relationship with my body hit rock bottom when I lost 3 babies in a row. How could I call myself a woman?  how could my husband love me when I couldn't give him his hearts desire? I am broken, i am undeserving, i am unlovable. It was awful, i stopped taking care of myself and unfortunately dont recognise myself in the mirror my shape has changed so much but I have had 2 kids now and a third is due in about 6 weeks. My body is amazing, even if most people just look at me and think, oh she's let herself go, I know the battles I have fought to get here and the demons I face. If im able to return to a slimmer state after this baby that would be amazing, if not, my husband still loves me and I have a beautiful family.
Thanx for this video. I was always the really skinny girl, who never put weight on when i younger. I’m now 35 with 4 children ages from 4 to 18 (almost). As u can imagine I no longer have the flat stomach that I had before. Try in vain to exercise.. and feel guilty if I don’t.. \nI definitely need to except myself now, n stop looking at everyone else for how I should look. Thank you for this xx
I've never looked after my body, and have an unhealthy relationship with food. Now I'm two years into TTC and my thinking is beginning to shift. I feel guilty for being so unhealthy but, still, I feel overwhelmed at the task ahead - the task of making real changes.
Ohh how i needed this today! I suffer with endometriosis, i was diagnosed at 13, now 19. The amount of hormones ive been on is quite scary, going through medically induced menopause, 3 major operations really does take its toll on your body! Thank you Gi for making me realise that despite the fact my body lets me down I should still love and embrace it💛💛 thank you!
Love this! Thank you so much! Have had a lot of 'meh' days since the birth of my second boy a year ago (still can't lose the last of the weight!) But it's so true, my body gave me my 2 boys and am so grateful!
Love you even more this video is so special
Thank you for this video Gi, I know you won't read this but I have to say. Been to drs to see my diabetic nurse and i felt like crap. I'm never going to be a mum I've embraced this now.  \nThank you for being you xxx
What a great message, Gi!  I've always struggled with weight and have never been satisfied with my body.  I developed at a young age and have never liked my big boobs.  I found gaining a little weight helped camouflage them.  After my first son, I was so large that I went to weight watchers to help lose the extra weight and felt so much better.  I weighed less at 9 months pregnant with my younger son.  Over the years I've lost and gained back the same weight that I no longer worry about it (well, as much anyway!).  At this stage of my life, I just want to be heart healthy and able to get around easily.  It's sad how society and ads makes you feel like you're inadequate.  I'm just shy of 5 feet and my natural body type is definitely not like a stick thin model.  You're so right that we should accept and embrace who we are and not compare ourselves to others.
I never liked my figure, but am currently pregnant with my third baby and am suffering with hyperemesis. I have lost nearly 2 stone in weight in the space of a couple of months and am the skinniest i have ever been. I feel awful! I look awful and i will never ever strive to be thin or have the 'perfect' figure again!
Lots of love Gi xxx
I was diagnosed with PCOS at 15 (I'm now 36) and have always had fluctuating weight and consequently low body confidence. Things got worse however, when I was trying to conceive and tried various treatments including clomid. 7 years later I had icsi/IVF and fortunately my daughter came along. Since having her almost 7 years ago I have really struggled to lose weight. I have always exercised regularly and really enjoy it but I can't seem to get to a size that I'm completely comfortable with. I have a trainer and he works me really hard and I feel physically fit but the appearance of my body is unbearable. I'm super proud that after all the years of feeling that my body was fighting me to get pregnant that I carried a child, but in terms of body confidence I don't have any. I avoid looking in mirrors, I don't accept compliments from my husband when he says I look nice etc and this can really upset my husband but I cannot help it. I totally relate to many of the things you say in this video and hope that one day I can reach the point where I'm confident and happy with how my body looks.
Hi Gi! My body lets me down time and time again. I have had Crohns disease since I was 11 (now 35) and multiple ops have left me scarred and with a stoma bag so body image is important to me.  I've embraced how I look because you only get one shot at life.  Beauty is in the eye of the beholder! Love yourself and be loved x
I hate my body I cover up as much as I can,there is not one part I like.I've recently put on a lot of weight that I can't seem to shift,but as I was anorexic for quite some years I'm trying my best not to let that mind set take over I hope one day I will like my body but it's very hard not to feel judged by people for putting on weight or losing to much weight I hope one day that I won't be influenced by people's views on the way I look 😊
Especially post pregnancy (I have not had any children) there's this enormous pressure to force yourself to shrink yourself before you leave the hospital. I think it's important to know we are meant to be different sizes I'm not meant to be a size 2. As long as you're healthy that's the most important thing
Thanks for the video Gi. So many women feel the pressure to be skinny. Over the years I've put on weight and I'm okay with that. The media drive me insane with the articles about mums who get back into there skinny jeans weeks after birth, it's putting to much pressure on new mums. We all have different bony shapes so it should not matter weather someone is a size 8  or an 18! Your a star gi, and we need mums like you to tell the truth and speak out. You look great and your a Fab mum to.
Hi Gi this video came at a good time for me! Didn't realise I needed to hear what you said but it soothed me to know everyone is struggling in the same ways I do! I was diagnosed at 13 with pcos and have had a 21 year fight with this, I unfortunately have struggled a long time with the inability to fall pregnant and it still isn't happening and it breaks my heart every month. I've tried metformin and it didn't agree with me sadly. I still hope that I will be blessed but I am trying to make my peace with the fact it may never happen. After a big scare earlier this year of finding I had a condition that could develop into cervical cancer I've had to have a coil fitted and I hate that little piece of plastic so much, to me it spells game over for the baby dream! The body I have been given may not work how it should with all the other health problems I have but it's mine and I love it, I am the heaviest weight I have ever been but I eat well don't exercise as much as I should but I'm active and I'm listening to what it's telling me for the first time in all my 34 years with it. Thank you for being you and promoting self love ❤️ you Gi are a wonderful human xxxx
I've felt bad about my body since I was way too young. I used to be really open and a happy kid, and I loved funky clothes. One day I was wearing a crop top and an older boy said: you're way too fat to wear that. From that comment on, my self image changed so much. I always worried how I would look in certain clothes and compared myself to others in a negative way. The silly thing is that when I started a diet, lost a lot of weight and was considered 'skinny', I still felt horrible. It's not so much the weight, it's the mental scars that keep nagging. Bloody annoying!
I remember a few years ago I felt so fat and disgusting and it really got me down and I look at pictures now from that time and can't believe I ever complained about it.
Well said Gi! :)\nOne thing that annoys me though is when people moan about their bodies on social media or say that they need to go on a diet when they don't. My sister ( who's only one year younger than me, 23) does it a lot and it really worries me. I recommended Megan Jayne Crabbe's book on body positivity to her as it really helped me but she just laughed and threw it back in my face :(
THANK U FOR THIS
I'm on a diet with my husband right now.. I say diet but actually we starting eating healthier and loosing weight. It is so much easier when we do it together! I lost 6 kilos but still not happy. I think I'll never be happy with my body cause I keep comparing myself to others and think that I'm not thin enough. You are an inspiration to us all! love your videos xxxx
I am currently 35 weeks pregnant and am sick off people saying woo your huge or well so and sos bump is much bigger than your I feel like I should smile but really I want to say who cares my body is grown my baby keeping him safe I absolutely adore you G!
Oh Gi. Thank you for sharing this!\nEverything you said is actually what/how i feel about my body!\nAfter having two miscarriages and having tree boy's xx\nSo happy your back
Aw Gi I love this you're being so honest! Most of us can relate to this, you are beautiful! We all are! :)
Solidarity with your post-birth confidence smack down from a nurse. Nurses, I don't think, realise the impact a throwaway comment can make on vulnerable new moms #bluestriggers
Thank you Gi. Just.. thank you. ❤️ from a mum of two from Finland
Hi Gi, thank you for this video it really helps too hear someone talking about PCOS, as not much is out there.
You are bloody amazing ❤️
I really love the honesty here. I wish I could go back and love myself and my body as a teenager - not only was I fitter and healthier than I am now but I spent so much time and energy hating myself and it's not a healthy way to be. When I had to be signed off with depression 2 years ago I spent a lot time hating myself and really turning my feelings in on myself, to the point where I delayed my recovery as I couldn't even like myself, including my body. Punishing it with excessive amounts of food or starving it were not healthy. Then I discovered running, and although it's a challenge, I like my body more now. It's strong and it can do so much more than I ever thought it could. And I think being in love has made me see myself the way he sees me, which is incredible.
Thank you for sharing, Gi 💕
Thank you for sharing this Gi ❤️ since having my little boy (he's two now) I've really struggled with my body - confidence has been at all time lows more than it has been positives! Although it's taken me this long, I'm finally embracing my body and self care is so important. Not every day do I feel like that, and inspiring people like you make me realise that it's ok to feel like that. So thank you 😘😘 Katy xxx
So weird! I decided to go for a run today, first one since having my baby so that's 9 months of pregnancy + her 18months! Didn't manage very far but felt so good afterwards, it's time to start taking care of my body for my sake and for my daughter! Thanks for the boost Gi! x
I've been really up and down with how I've  felt about my body.  I have always been on the heavier side, ever since I was a kid.  When I got to college I really let my eating get out of control and I got to be really heavy and unhealthy.  But then last year I began exercising regularly and eating better than I had in my entire life!  I felt great and thought I could accomplish anything!  I lost a good amount of weight, but still hadn't reached my goal. Recently, however, I've felt that my impulse control has gone and I've gained back some of the weight that I had lost and I've started eating junk again, and I don't know if I'll be able to be as healthy as I was before.  Hopefully I can get resume the healthier habits that I had before, and I can be happy and healthy again.
Awesome video.  Thank you for always being so honest.
I was having a meh day too. This video has made me feel so much better ❤
It’s so nice to hear you talk about pcos. I found out 6/7 years ago that I had it at the same time of trying for our first child. After over a year of trying I finally had our first son and couple of years later our second son. They are truly my little miracles. Since having them my body and pcos has really become a massive struggle. I get so angry with it but it’s made me the person I am today and I’m stronger for it.
Loved this! One of my personal struggles is staying motivated to eat healthy and staying active? \n\nSide note, your car gives no shits about sitting on the dining table 😂
You are amazing, Gi!
Beauty lies within
Bloody love this woman!
Really important video
Yes Gi!! :) xx
Hi Gi would you ever do a video about PCOS? Things such as how it effects you and what medications you take to help with your symptoms? Not just conception and pregnancy (that too obviously) but your journey with PCOS in general like the excess hair, spots, weight gain, mood swings etc, and what things help with each? I was diagnosed with PCOS when I was 18 (I'm now 30) and am always on the look out for other ways to cope.
I've lost 13st over the last 18 months and I feel wonderful, ok I'm not going to be toned but I'm so happy 😊 😊 😊 😊 great video xxx
I have two sisters and grew up being the chubby, short one. My lovely nickname was Fatty Arbuckle! it was meant to be endearing???? My body confidence came when I had my first little lady. Of course, I have a few bad moments on occasion, but there's something kind of magical about having children, being in a team with your body and seeing how amazing it is, rather than being at war with it. Thank you for sharing your stories. xxx
lol wth is this and why's it trending
I look back at photos of me from about the age of 15 onwards, I was so slim and attractive but I felt like a great, big elephant. One thing that I wish I could do, is go back and tell the young me to be proud of her body and to accept that she is gorgeous. All my life I have avoided wearing dresses and skirts because I have 'rugby player's legs' but I'm 45 now and have realised that they are the only pair of legs that I'm going to get so now have a wardrobe full of lovely dresses and skirts that I wear. If people don't like my legs, they don't have to look!
I recently just saw a photo of me at 20 years old, and when I used to see it, I would wish I were that skinny again. But then I remember how that was one of the most stressful years of my life. And some people, when stressed, gain weight. Not me. I STARVE. I literally forget to eat, and I was going to nearly four days without sleep and only coffee for nourishment. Now I look at that photo and think that I never want to be that unhealthy or that weak.\n\nI'm much bigger and heavier than I was then, but I'm also far stronger (I started doing aerial arts a few years ago; it's been incredible). Though I still have days where I really notice my soft tummy, or my thunder thighs, and just not contented with how I look.\n\nIt hasn't helped that in Filipino culture, we have this awful kind of tradition of greeting each other with Uy tumaba ka! (Hey, you've gotten fat!), especially during family reunions by overly nosy aunts. They use a tone that's supposed to be well-meaning, but actually just feels really degrading. And it does things to your confidence. Even when I was dancing ballet, and wasn't at all overweight, but I get a little heavy, and suddenly people react as if I've grown so much.
i relate to almost all of this video. personally i did go down that road for a while but i'm okay now. but i was diagnosed with turners when i was 5 years old. i'm missing some of my X chromosomes and for this reason i had to take injections to grow properly and then when i hit puberty and to this day i have to take oestrogen. i can't have children in the future and damn it hurts. i have eventually accepted this but I go through phases where i just feel broken. i feel like my body doesn't work and that i'm a failure because i couldn't even do the most natural thing in the world. grow.
Wow. This was so honest and real. I've never related to something as much as I relate to this video and your story. Actually, I've never been pregnant and I always worried about how my body would be after I had kids... Thank you for this message and for sharing your story. Xx
What you said at the end about not swapping your size 8/10 body for Buzz and Buddy really struck me! I'm 12 weeks pregnant and really fluctuate between feeling great and proud of my changing body but then last night a pair of my pjs were too tight around my tummy and it just crushed me because I don't really have a proper bump yet. I had this big hormonal discussion with my husband while he tried to convince me that what my body does is amazing and that he loves the way I look as I'm changing but I just felt really sorry for myself that I was going to lose my 8/10 figure that I've only had for a few years but you're right I want this baby more than anything and that's just going to have to include my figure - so thank you very much! A well timed video for me haha
This video is about my personal exploration of what it's like to be a woman who also happens to be gay and half-Asian. If you're an AAPI woman, I would love to hear about your experiences in the comments below. Thank you in advance to anyone who decides to share. Our stories are important catalysts for conversation and the change we want to see in the world.
Thank you so much for making this, Ingrid! 💕😭 This is me too! I really needed to hear it.
You are so smart.  And that is all
Have you ever read the books by Amy Tan? They are fictional novels but encompass mainly interesting aspects about Asian-Americans (she does focus on Chinese), mother-daughter relationships, and relationships in general.
Very informative video! Thanks for contributing to the conversation.
I've been following your channel for a very long time and I always appreciate these types of videos. They show case your knowledge in such a brilliant way. Keep up the amazing work!
I literally had to sit through this long video to learn that she doesn't even have the dna results yet. 🙄😑
I want to try this but it's pretty expensive 💔 \nmaybe you could get us a discount code 🙈
This makes me miss the podcast!
Lmao everyone give out your DNA and obey like the good slaves you are.
What the fuck did I watch this is so boring
Hey Ingrid, I feel really emotional towards this video. Thank you so much for sharing. Although I am not gay, I am an Indonesian born female, adopted into a white Australian family. I don't want to discredit the amazing life I have been given by my parents by any means, but I have definitely experienced a lot of painful experiences involving inner and outer conflict. \nIt's extremely confusing and challenging for me when I have been brought up in a white upbringing which of course shape my behaviour and my views on things but I am 100% Asian. I feel conflicted many times a day because it's easy to forget that I am Asian since I only look out through my eyes and can only see my environment and I don't see myself every day, that I am Asian. I hope this doesn't sound too confusing... There's so many times when I've been either subjected to or witnessed racism but I've just let it go because I either chose to or because it's easier or I've not even realised what's happened because I was brought up in a white family with the (unfortunate) acceptance of unacceptable things. I struggle every day internally and externally with my now increased awareness for who I am and what I want to stand for, as I grow older and have the confidence to be more outspoken. I find that if I remind myself every day then it does become easier to be outspoken. Practice makes perfect.
Can't believe you're half Thai. I'm Thai and I'm so proud of  you.
You changed so much
OMG I'm your thai fan but I just know that you half Thai 😂
Dude, Malinda Lo is a good writer and her main characters are strong gay womyn.
Racism is a very difficult subject to talk about and I think you’ve done it justice but I also think that the things you speak about are not just subject to your race, white people also experience racism
This was beautiful and informative. I love all your videos, but I would definitely enjoy more on topics like this! Love you. ❤❤
I’m full Thai and I’m bisexual. I haven’t come out yet, because I’m scared that my friends will act differently around me
Your honesty is my favorite part of your  personality. I fully respect your open, raw dialogue. Your courage is heroic!
Also, do you identify as, femme?
I am suddenly reminded of the Q&A that you did with your mum. #superoldsubcriberhere
love this vid so much and totally relate as a femme gay asian woman who grew up in a very conservative, traditional asian setting (and has fought against that her whole life) and has tried coming out and been told that I should keep it private (and also that I was just confused). also share your frustration in trying to find writing by/about gay asian women!
idk what people are talking about. she clearly looks Asian to me.
Love that you are using your platform to educate folks. This was legit Ethnic Studies and Asian American Studies! Love this!!!
I'll be honest and say it doesn't matter to me while I'm watching you apply makeup, curl your hair, cook, or give fashion advice as to what your nationality or sexual preference may be. I'm just watching the video for the content. I prefer not to think about people in terms of sub-sectors and differentiating ourselves in exclusivity struggles. Our country is a melting pot and everyone has a voice, different traditions and heritage.
Yes!!! I am curious about your results!! LOL! It's so funny that you did this b/c 2 weeks ago I did the Ancestory DNA  version of this. They said I should have my results in 2 weeks and I can't stand the wait! lol!
You are so wise, I would highly consider some career in mental health/social justice!
Love this, Love you. Keep up the great content!
You're amazing, Ingrid. I could listen to you talk for hours and hours.
thank you so much for making this video! im also asian and im bisexual and i totally felt the same as you when i tried looking for writing about female lgbt asians, there is literally close to nothing. making this video means so much and i hope it inspires other asian women, especially those who are lgbt, to share their stories and experiences like you ((also if you're looking for something to read about the asian american experience, i read a book a while ago called The Making of Asian America and it's basically a mini textbook about the history of how asians came to america up to how they have been making a life for themselves here and there is a small section about asians in the gay rights movement so check it out if you want to!))
Hi Ingrid! I loved this video and I understand how important it is for people to share our stories in such a supportive and positive community.\n\nI study history of science and I've been doing some research on companies like this. As a result of my work, I really just want to highlight something with 23andMe (along with ancestry.com and all these other services).\n\nit's true that these companies aren't allowed to share your information with other parties with your name attached. There are very strict privacy laws and restrictions that are in place but what they ARE allowed to do is sell the information that they get from your DNA to other companies, provided that your name ISN'T attached. A common practice with these companies is to collect information from people who use their services in the areas (grouped using zip code) and then sell that information to insurance companies. And long story short, insurance companies use the information they get from ancestry.com and 23andMe to determine premium rates in certain areas. \n\nFor example, let's say you live in a small town in Oklahoma (picking a random state here) and a bunch of people who live in that town have or are carriers of, for instance, sickle cell anemia, and take DNA tests through one of these sites. These sites can sell this information to insurance companies who then, based on the fact that this data (which shows that people from this zip code, more than the national average, have genetic markers for sickle cell anemia) will raise premiums for everyone in that region. \n\nI'm sorry for long message... I completely understand that these sites can be the key for many people to understand more about their identities and their heritage. I don't want to discourage anyone from doing anything because ultimately, it's every individual's own choice. I just want to raise awareness of this information to people they choose to use or not use any of these services! Thank you!
Love this video!! Excited to see the results
You are the most woke beauty lifestyle youtuber thank you for doing this video! Often narratives discussing intersectionality is only accessible in academic and elite spaces  by doing this video you've created a path to people learning about the liberation within race, gender and sexuality. This is such a huge topic would love for you to talk about it more! Thanks again for an incredible video on your experiences <3
I'm shook I'm a gay Asian too
Please make a video about the results!
dude i had no idea she’s asian
If you don't mind me asking, when you tell people you are half-Asian, how do they usually respond? I have a different background but people usually don't identify me correctly and it can be highly awkward :D
I found this video really interesting - there are so many Asian stereotypes and typecast roles that I'd never even thought existed. I used to watch every single video of Ingrid's, but I'm not a big fan of beauty and fashion. I'd love to see more of this type of videos, like the podcast (that I listened to avidly)!
Have you heard of ClexaCon?
Honestly I guess many people cannot tell from your look that you are Asian/half Asian. I wonder if it is tougher for the Asian American.
It's pretty lame of people to attack you for being white passing. Just because you are doesn't make your experiences in the Asian culture invalid BECAUSE growing up you were surrounded by Thai family and other Thai people, therefore, experiencing the culture and expectations. I'm full Indonesian, but my younger brother and sister are half Indo/half Caucasian so I know their experiences are much different from mine. I definitely noticed you were mixed because I've always been exposed to happas. Thank you for making this video. I'm not gay, but I appreciate learning about this.
People talking about how she's not asian because she doesn't look asian is ridiculous. Her mother is Thai and she grew up immersed in the asian culture...\nI'm also half asian and it's irritating when people say things like Oh, you'll never understand our struggles because you're half. \nAnyways, thank you for sharing your experiences with us in this video, Ingrid! :)
Your hair is so beautiful looks so soft!! What shampoo/conditioner do you use???
ingrid, this is the best video you have ever made! glad you shared all of that with us <3
I love you so much <3 You should REALLY have a podcast
thank you for this video. it means the world to me <3
Such an interesting video, you have just widened my horizon a little. Everything you said makes total sense, even when one has never though about it before. Also, I love how genuine, calm and kind you have been coming across your videos lately. Thumbs up.
I hesitated to comment because I’m just going to be labeled a troll. However, my question is quite sincere. So what I want to know is why the labels? Why be gay and Asian? Do all gay Asians have the same experiences so when you discuss your experiences there is an understanding among all gay Asians? For me,  if I were to label myself I’m a Christian, wife, mom, American of Scandinavian decent, etc. And I know from my experiences in my life, my friends who are also Christian, wives, moms, Americans of Scandinavian decent have completely different life experiences from my own. I have one who has been divorced, I have never so we have way different experiences there... and even among all my home school moms, we have incredibly different experiences. So really, why label? Why not just live your life? Also, I’m curious, how do you know some of the experiences you have that you chalk up to being gay or Asian (or what ever other label you self impose) are truly for that reason? Even if you lost a friend because you came out, maybe it was just that you were a jerk now as an out gay person and not really because your gay (please please please read that last point as a hypothetical “what if” — I still think you’re quite lovely and enjoy a lot of your videos otherwise I wouldn’t watch...). Thanks for considering my question. Have a good day. (PS, I hope it made sense, it’s a hard question to articulate.)
I thought she was swedisch lol. I love you ingrid btw!💗
Really excited to see a video about this from such a big youtuber!! I made a video awhile back about being queer and Asian, interviewing three friends & myself (bi, pan, gay, and ace)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pphMNTDrawY It was supposed to be about being lgbt across cultures in general, but everyone I could get a hold of happened to be Asian. Queer Asian *high five*
I didn't know you were asian 🤔
This was very very interesting, thank you so much! So smart! I'm wondering how you like the character Lane in Gilmore Girls.
thanks for putting out the 3 stereotypes of Asian women in media. I was also disappointed in the character from 13 reasons why.  I'm an AAPI straight woman but I resonated with a lot of discriminatory topics you touched on today.  Looking forward to your next biracial video! Maybe you could touch on the Thai language/culture?
Thank you SO much for speaking on asian woman stereotypes. We need conversations like these!!
She’s more American than anything.. no shade tho.
As someone who is not a regular viewer, I did not realise your mixed heritage. But I found this video so inspiring, interesting and passionate, thank you for sharing your experiences ❤
Have you listened to the 'Nancy' podcast? I've been loving it lately, even though I'm not a member of the lgbtq+ community (nor asian).. The two hosts are both gay and asian, they've talked about their experiences and had an episode on the representation of Asian people, too. Anyway, great podcast!
Extremely proud of you.
nao acredito que te amo demais
There is also the  Asian Character with color Hair Streak( usually purple)  in movies/series, like Tina in Glee, Mako Mori in pacific rim, Jade in the Bratz movie,  gogo tomago in big hero 6 and more..
You're half Asian?! I really want to hear a video on your experience as a half Asian who has more prominent white features. Also curious as to whether your dad being the white one has affected you differently. I too am half Asian and could write an entire thesis on this topic, but I'll save that for another day.
R we all alowed.
<3 With Love <3
I love your honesty!
Wow I never knew she was Thai
Ingrid, thank you for sharing the deep roots of your identity with us. I'd love to see more videos about Thai culture! I've traveled to Thailand myself and it's one of my favorite places I've ever been. If you have any family recipes or other things to share, I think those could make for some really interesting and educational videos :)
I am not surprised that you are half Asian because Asians like to go for/date white guys over Asian guys...
Unfortunately 23andMe is not available in my country :(
Thanks for sharing! I am also half Asian and I look forward to your video with your results and your experience. It is definitely unique! I subscribed a while back after viewing a video on your other channel about being half. Thanks for representing us in such a positive way! \nAnd to me you DO look half Asian...but I think that is just a radar that other half people have - we can spot another easily : )
Ingrid <3 Thank you for continuously being brave enough to share your personal stories, talk about the intersectionality of identity, and deconstruct stereotypes. As a pansexual, Asian woman who is more fem-presenting, I resonate with your stories so much :) So many heterosexual men have reacted to my sexuality in ways that made me SO uncomfortable. From men telling me that girls kissing girls is soooo hot (in a sense, fetishizing my sexuality to their voyeuristic benefit) to scoffing and saying, No you're not gay. You like dick, I know how hard it is to be 100% confident in my gayness. On top of this, I also receive numerous microaggressions based on my Asianness while at bars or clubs with friends. Ching chong, Ni Hao, and I really love Filipino women, are commonplace. In any case, thank you for using your YouTube platform as a means of conversation about Gay-Asian identity. It can be difficult to put forth aspects of your identity that deviate from the predominantly white narratives of society. I'm so glad that you are comfortable enough with your identity to be so open about speaking on it :) Soooo much love. <3 ~Angel
I heard from several people that the database on Asians is really vague and not very developed or specific, so I don’t think you’ll learn much about your Asian side.
Honestly a part of why I initially subscribed was because I'm a queer, femme, biracial (Filipno/white) woman. I'd NEVER EVER seen someone like me on this platform and I was so excited!! Thanks Ingrid for having these conversations. \n\nAdditionally, I'd like to add that multi-racial folks tend to get a lot of that oh so exotiiiiic crap too.
Just placed an order! Can't wait to learn about my roots!
so inspiring! xo from my channel to your’s <3
Really love the way you talk ♥️ thank you for being honest and that really makes you, you. You should really write a book!
Saw the Thai flag and clicked so fast!! I related so much to this!! I am also half Thai!!
​I've been subscribed to your channel for years and I really appreciate this video as a Thai fan :) I really do understand the expectation of Asian women about them having to be submissive. I guess your Asian side might have some Chinese part in it as a huge amount of Chinese people have been integrating into Thai community and Thai culture throughout history. I have been wondering for quite some time since I watched your vlog when you were in Thailand whether you will come back to Thailand again. It would be lovely to have a chance to meet you <3
Ingrid I love this kind of content! Please do more videos like this one to help us all out! Specially LGTB+ content 🏳️‍🌈\nThanks for sharing 💘 you keep on inspiring me everyday 👌🏻
I always thought are you half Asian? But never know for sure until this video, I'm from Thailand and I think here people are quite judgy especially towards women gay or not.
Do a vid on your results that be cool
Hi Ingrid! I'm Thai too. Now I am the US doing MBA. I have a really hard time adjusting to this new culture.  What you talked about being quiet and not causing disruption was so true. But I'd say being gay is acceptable and people are very open about it. I feel like it's important that you live the life that you love! Lots of loves from me!!!
By listening to you, I am actually learning something, because I had no idea that being gay for a woman or being half-Asian had such an impact on your life and who you are. Actually, when I look at you, I don't think Asian at all, and even if I did, then so what? There are probably Asians in my own family and I don't care at all... And okay, you are gay, you had to say so, considering your position and your fame on YouTube, but once it is said, it is really your business, who cares? I really don't care, it is not (for me) what defines you. These things are where you come from, and what you prefer in terms of sexuality, but it is not who you are deeply. I mean that there are so many other things which could define you. \nI was at my son's wedding on last Friday, and there was this girl who really looked like you a lot, at such a point that I wondered during a few seconds if it was you. Then, I realized it was not you, but it was really very stunning. Is this girl, because she looks like you, half Thai and half Norwegian? I have no idea. Is she gay? I don't know, I didn't ask. What I mean, is that your look or even what you say doesn't give a definition of you, since I could find another girl who looks a lot like you and who, maybe will have a very different background and maybe a different sexuality. And if people judge you on that, it is really sad and pathetic... You are who you decide to be.
Has anyone considered that this 23 and me thing is another way for the government to keep track of us? I don't think it's a good idea at all!
This was excellent! Thank you so much for opening up the intelligent and compassionate conversation around this subject. My own personal life has always contained very little representation of someone who is female, half Filipino/Spanish and half African/Caucasian American. Then two years ago I came out as gay! And my family response was silence too.. thankfully I have incredible friends and can see people like you out there existing and living your best life 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🌈✨💕
You're asian ? :o
I'm 21%  victim
whyyyyy is your spit pink?! lol
yes! Gaysian love!
Gaysian
London Tipton.
Pretty fascinating stuff
i LOVED this
Amazing ❤️❤️❤️
Gays, americanos, asiatucos, mujeres, esto no puede terminar bien jpg
as a half taiwanese, half caucasian woman living in the US, i appreciate this video so much. my mom was born and raised in taiwan, so taiwanese culture was embedded into my upbringing. and even though i grew up in Southern California, that shouldn't discredit or minimize my asian heritage just because most people think i'm just a white girl based solely on physical appearance. being mixed raced (especially with such starkly different cultures like asian and american) is a constant identity battle because you're never fully one culture - and although growing up in a mixed race home is 10000% a privilege and honor, it's somehow been tainted with ignorance. \n\nfor everyone that's commenting about her not looking asian so that somehow entitles you to create a narrative on her cultural upbringing, please please do us all a favor and pick up a book or educate yourself on this before cementing your opinion onto ingrid's video. that's the end of my two cents. thank you for shedding light on very important topics ingrid, you're a vision.
we are not teachers here Ingrid , stop doing your homework and post an interesting video already , PLZ
Ya... just another u.s. American. Just cause your family members are originally from somewhere else doesn't mean you are.
Ok here it is.  People in the comments are saying she doesnt look Asian.  Then people are mad at those people for saying that.  But the truth is, she doesnt look like she is from eastern decent.  So no, people are not going to know she is Asian unless she actually TELLS them.  That's like being 1/4 black and saying you face all the problems of a 100% black person.  No you won't.  Simple.  It's like being gay.  I dont know you are gay unless you tell me.  So if you are a person on the street and I dont agree with your stance on a certain topic, its automatically because you are gay? or asian?  no, i did not know you were either of those things.
I thought she was American but cool , I guess you can speak Thai and Norwegian then , pretty cool 😀
im confused, is this animated or a movie or a game??
i came here from watching jacksepticeye play it for the first time. it looked ridiculously hard. now since ive watched this game, ive decided:this game is on drugs.
Why do i watch this?:D
Omg I'm so happy to see I'm not the only one that gets rekt by Dragon.
what type of cartoon game is this?
This game is very easy,you just need to playing as this youtuber has played! xD
Wow, Joe Cuppa sure was crazy in his youth.
Pausing for load times? Nope, try again, this isn't an official speedrun
Taking a real literal route on run and gun
the last battle is not a true speed run :| sorry but glitches would be a time deduction so I guess it is but in true true get what I mean exploit = +2 seconds no exploit no time deduction but like I said not true true speed run
The flower broke D:
28:16 What are those things on the table bottom left, perfume?
you guys should watch this in 240p
this game is full of waifus
Y was the devil, like, the easiest?
This game is fucking awesome, it's a shame i don't have an xbox
So why am I watching this again
Oh, Cagney Carnation, it's so terrible to hear that you are paralyzed...
I refuse to believe a member of the human species managed this
27.44 is the quickest I seen so far.
5:55 You don't have to duck. The ones that shoot fire on the top cant hit you you don't have to duck
Might as well grab a zoot and some popcorn before I watch this video cus I know it's gonna fuck my head up lmfao
This isn't a speed run. It's a timed run where this faggot pauses the clock every single moment the screen is showing something which doesn't have gameplay involved. That's not how speed runs work, because as literally everyone in the speedrunning community know, getting through the menus quickly is part of a speedrun. This run would be disqualified from any, barely reputable site hosting any type of speed run. Nice try though.
I bet this channel will blow up in subs one day...
This looks like a fake Mario, mickey mouse, and Beauty and the beast cup heads combined
10:45 the flower glitches still, does that count in a speed run?
this game looks hard as fuck
Ok, but how can you speedrun if the tutorial is fucking impossible?
U glitched the flower battle?
Dude I remember playing you in Tribes: Ascend PUBs, this is just as impressive as when you murdered me 10 times in a row with the Heavy LMG
The new dark souls
Dude you should try ISIS speed run if you're this good
43:41   Devil : Follow me, We’ll have a good time!\n             Cuphead : Nah
you ABSOLUTE   M    A    N    I    A     C
It's a shame the final boss can be cheesed like that.
Why does the main character look like Micky Mouse with a cup on his head? ....One mouse one cup? eh ? eh?
YOU ARE A BEAST!!!!!!!
pretty sure that the r34 and other things of the fandom of this game are made as joke)
Damn,  wtf does it take to get an A rating in this shit?
Was he using a controller or keyboard??
Looks like you recorded this on a VCR wtf?!
i fell asleep with this running in the background...i started dreaming cuphead turned into a mosquito and turned me to a vampire with his infectious bite...
Is this beast master 64? XD
Why is my entire recommended cup head videos
The only scary thing about this cartoon is when the enemy transforms into something else, like those two frogs, what I say is that's creepy. That's the only thing I hate about cartoon from Disney.
can anyone explain the end. did he need to jump down the hole?
Wait what theres a secret way to beat the final boss?!?!
Intense King Dice last phase fight. I hope they patch the devil. What a game
Everyone...\n\n\n\n\nDONT DEAL WITH THE DEVIL!
This man beat this games ass lol
Omg the bug from the last battle
Best moment was the fight vs Cube-head when he had only 1hp left and he knew he has to hit every parry on the cards :-O
What happens with carney carnation and the devil?
This is basically a soothing video for those that have experienced the pain from this game.
But, you didn't do all of the casino bosses
So they cut off the top of Mickey's head and put a straw through his brain?
OK, but what about an all A's speedrun?
you can easily tell that this game was made with love and passion
now do it with everything on A+
Already!!!  How you study the game that fast?
You can pause the time during a speed run.... I though that would defeat the purpose of timing yourself
43:45 he broke the game to kill devil
The scary thing is, there's still a ton of rooom for improvement
que porra de jogo e esse kkkkk
isso sim e ser viciado
QUERIA QUE TIVESSE SIDO FÁCIL ASSIM...
On the flower boss, he was very lucky
10:45 could you explain what the hell happened?
I need this game on the Switch.
This is the standard for Cuphead runs\n\nI didnt even know there was enough cuphead runs out there for a standard to exist.
that ending gets me so much lmao
This looks like a TAS
*Le me with 24 hours in cup head*\n\nf yeah only took me a day its my best accomplisment\nthis guy *37 fucking minutes
Here I am trying to beat these fucking slot machine frogs for over an hour...
love it
11:20 good
Cala Maria is so sexy
This was amazing :)
WellCupHeadAndHisPalMugMan...
def korean
So a speedrun with cheating?
that end doe hax
5:35 ummm young boy
Wow
God Level Concentration
awesome!
reminds me of mickey mania
gatta go fest
Do harder
Wow, Cuphead > Darksouls. :P
daaamn youre goood
The flower broke
so easy
Fake and gay. Nice try fooling us.
I would parry Cala Maria. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Is that cheating? 43:03
this game is gonna get fucking ruined by the internet :(
Woah cagney didn't even transform 😂
You are completely worshipped by me I am still on first the level after 1 hour let alone speed run you are a god
Can anyone tell me where the thing with the Devil and the skin at the end was a glitch or intentional?
Was immediately reminded of this scene when I heard Tom Petty passed away. Rest in peace, man.
RIP Master Tom Petty! thanks for everything.
fly high tom petty
RIP Tom Petty
Rip tom petty ;(...
This clip picked up 100+ likes in a day. RIP Tom Petty. Legend
Hahaha his face when he's trying to find the right song
0:31 RIP Tom Petty
Best scene ever. RIP Tom Petty...
R.I.P. Tom Petty ~
Das könnte auch Ich im Auto sein. CD von Petty im Kasten und dann: Freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Falling......:-)
Freaking midget
Tom Cruise singing before it was cool. Makes me wonder if the people behind Rock of Ages saw this and thought, Let's have him play Stacee Jaxx! Love both movies btw.
My LOVE!
free fallin'💔
One of all time favourite scenes ever since I was a kid! Great film, and one of Tom's finest performances. 
one of the best actors everrrrrrrrrr... and so kind to his fans... I admire him very much
Cameron Crowe knows how to put together a great soundtrack...
This song is 'free falling' of the Tom Petty!
Absolutely amazing scene!!! I love you Tom ;)
he is still the best lookin guy ever
Love you Tom!!!!! 😍😍😍😍
Can anybody tell me who's song is this?\n
I´ve seen girls driving the car screaming at the top of their voices ... isn´t it a bit of a paradox??
Omg❤️❤️❤️❤️
okay I'm really shocked that tom cruise can sing 
er liebt Klasse Musik, deswegen ist sein Sohn Connor auch DJ, der darf machen was er will. Vor wegen Scientology schreibt alles vor,Blödsinn, da gibt es Freiheiten und das muss zum Erfolg führen, hilf dir selber andere tun es nicht
When she goes in for the bite😂😂👀crazy eyes
The goodest of boyes
Dogs are a little too cuuuute! :3
Precious!!!
the way she looked at the fidget spinner on her nose 😁 it was great to see
The doggo table\nComing to stores near you!!!.... (that doesn't believe in animal rights)
Aww I'd give this doggy all the treats in the whole dang world!!!! Whose a good boy!!
I wish my pomeranian is like that
Such a sweet girl...🤗🤗
1:26 Ummm Are dogs supposed to be eating candy corn??
awwwwww
Daheck I barely have self control.
Awwwww
goodest boy
WHAT A GOOD DOGGO
Wow
0:25  I WILLY WANT DEM DONUTS
1:32 , thank me later
Awwww
She has more self control than me 😂😂😂
Poor baby, she not an effin table.
She's so cute
I wanna give Nelly a BIG hug! How adorable ❤️
THE DOG IS SO CUTE!!!!!\nLike if this comment if your a puppy_lover
NOT TO BE DRAMATIC BUT I'D DIE FOR YOU NELLY
Now that is definitely a good boy.
THAT DOG IS THE MANNEQUIN CHALLENGE MASTER!
Whoa Nelly!!! I love this dog already!
what a good girl
Doggo : Oh food on my face.\nOwner : * signals the dog *\nDoggo : * Turns head * CHOMP * Eats Food *
She has more self control then me 😭😭😭
The Zen levels are stronger with the dog
THE NEW IT DOG 3.0
I noticed you didn’t show the inevitable drooling from the smell of the foods, lol!
How could someone be so cruel
go find something else to amuse yourself.. seriously!
Dog is probably just thinking that stupid human :DDD
My dog would be like I see a cookie I happened also like cookies can I have some 😂
why does this have 20 thumbsdown its a cute little dog😣😣😣
0:27 she just winked at me guys , so hot
Aww,,,, that dog is such a pussy.
Hey, IKEA there's this really cool new piece of furniture you should invest in....
I have a labrador retriever still the same?
Better than most people
0:24 This dog has more self control than I do when it comes to food
Now make a fat person sit on the dog
Aw... This is marvelous... I need her...
Master of balance and Self control dog
I even can't control on my shaking hand😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖
She is adorable... but why are you making her do s**t like this..?
TmarTn's Cooper can do that .
And here is my dog, who can't even open her mouth to catch a treat that's aiming right at her mouth. \n\n....she dodges
i bet she can't balance me on her nose
She is so cute
please let me hug her i like dogs please
0:23 She looks so done with this.
Awwww this is soooo sweet! I love u Nelly
Can she balance my reputation?
i read it as self harm
The dog seems really sad
When you can't afford a tabe
I'd still eat all of that
I like those cute little nose! Anyone likes it?!?!?!!?
If I tried balacing a pizza on my dog's nose she would just eat it XD
Wink with one eye if you're Hitler\n0:27\nHOLY SHI-
0:27 She just winked at me. I can die peacefully now
0:23 the way she's moving her brows are like she knows she is good at this
At 0:27 she winked ..so cute..😁😁😘😘
Goodest boy
leave her alone
Love u nelly
Amazing 😍
0:53 wtf 😂
0:23 seriously hooman?
WOAH NELLY 😂😂😂
She looks so humiliated
Pause at 1:28\nAnd pause at 1:30
0:27 so cute
Sooooooo cute
Nelly is amazing!
HES CUTE
Cool
The goodest boy
0:11
0:27
Best dog ever...love ya...
Ooo
Dogoooòooooo
He looks dead inside.
1:32 this face XD
So cute😍
Awww
0:28 she winked
OMG THAT CUTE LITTLE WINK
Awww sooo cute! Lol my husky who never learn that lol XD
0:22 *eye brows raise*
Amazing dog..
Good dogfo she is
*reasons why dogs are better than cats*
Literally a 1:35 video about a cute doggo doing cute tricks to help cheer up a cancer patient and yet y'all still complaining.
Fashizzle.
wut?
It's he the actors from the movie with 12 kids?
The music is so soulful each and everyone of you is an amazing artist.  Steve you are the only true bond artist. Cheers!
I could actually feel his gaze of approval at 1:06
Bluegrass always makes me smile. Thank you.
He's so good at music...... he should try acting
please like this video for win the competition https://youtu.be/VOfkATP7Z8M
This is really good.
I look very much like Steve Martin and am his exact age. But he got all the talent and ambition. Dammit! But I admire the guy.
Shithead would be proud.
Multi talented!
go steve, great pickin
Rupret on banjo
Dana carvey on violin
shredding.
Love Martin
Snarky puppy!
Gotta love that Collins guitar
Beautiful music!! ❤️❤️❤️
NPR Music please invite Łąki Łan!
Holy smokes what a gem to have! This recording will be a big part of history. His enthusiasm for this music style will continue to enspire many.
Is the guy in the floral shirt the most uncomfortable man in 2017?   He looks like he snuck into the band and is paranoid as fook
Fantastic, Loved it👍🎸🎸🎸🎸🎸
Needs more white guys hovering behind Steve. Great music though!
Thank you. Great stuff.
banjo master
He  plays so well and so effortlessly. Truly  a master of many talents. The whole band is good as well.
I remember the arrow through the head hat he used to wear
Bruce Willis on banjo #2 ;)
Awesome banjo.
He hates those cans!
Love it!!!!
Steve Martin lookin like Pappy O'danielYa dad blamed idjit
Surprenante découverte... Bravo Mister Martin!...
Who knew. Sweet.
Dad music 100%
check it out \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YI-cdgLl6Ek&t=2s
Um YEEEEEESSS
Steve martins gangsta as f#%*
Read the title and insta liked this is amazing ty NPR!!!
Why's there only seven? I heard they're CHEAPER BY THE DOZEN!!
This just made my day. Thank you, NPR!
That's a lot of talent for one person to have. I seriously dig this music.
He used a banjo to get his start.  He did a comedic stand-up act with his banjo, and appeared on the Sonny and Cher show - that's how he first got wide exposure.  He would put a fake arrow on his head and play his banjo.  It might be on youtube somewhere.
Top notch musicians, as always. Made it 6 minutes listening to banjos. Along with most accordions, banjos are always out of tune. ALLLLLwaaays outta tune. A single banjo note is out of tune with itself. Is like all the nails and all the chalkboards in the world...
Just 1 reason so many people love Steve Martin plus all his hilarious antics. I read somewhere, he has been playing a banjo since before he joyfully entertained us on TV.
很好
STEVE CAN SHRED!!!!!
True american bad ass
So cool
Somebody give Josh Rogosin a raise!
When you realize this is actually STEVE MARTIN! WOW 💚
Wow always loved Steve Martin and never knew he was a musican!! 🙌
The first doesn't really sound like So familiar. Is it really? Or did they make a mistake, cause i would really like to find it. Would the kind folk of youtube comment's section be so kind tell me? Please?
I see a show-off french speaking guy, I upvote
This is so cool
steve martin plays the banjo???!!!!! 😍😍😍😍
GET FRANK OCEAN ON THIS NPR PLEASW
Steve Martin reminds me of my talented funny uncle I loved! 😄 till my uncle fingered my bum in my sleep😕
Doc Watson .... would be smilin' ... Nice stuff boys! Mr. Martin Bravo!
He is Soooo talented.  They sound great. Thanks for sharing this with us.
I feel like this music would fit perfectly in the Firefly universe
Love Steve Martin, and loved this NPR Tiny Desk Concert!!! Now when can I see this live??!
Dam Steve I had no idea
Lol after listen to this i want to marry my sister
His face seems unnaturally smooth. Did he got plastic surgery at some point?
Wow Steve is a natural👍👏🎶🎸 btw the whole group flows so well together. I love when people have more than one creative ability, keeps you out of other peoples business! 😆😁
Damn this is so cool!
This band is so amazing, they even have a turtle singing for them
No idea Steve was such an awesome musician. So pleasantly surprised!
Steve Martin, I started on a five-string banjo like yours, but I have changed to a 10-string banjo. Much better sound. Why don't you give it a try?
Didn't know Bruce Willis played the Banjo as well!
They are doing a meet and greet where I live...  but I'm gonna be camping in the Mississippi River delta
I need this video on loop for when I have a rough day.  It's just so great and it helps my mood tremendously.
Dana Carvey sure plays a mean fiddle...🤣
So that the moron can play. ROFL so hard. Did not expect that punch line.
Steve Martin is brilliant, funny and an incredible musician. Of course he surrounds himself with other master musicians!❤️❤️❤️
Planes trains and banjos
Beautiful claw hammer style
Steve Martin is writing, playing, and singing his Ass off!
Steve Martin... the Van Halen of the banjo!
I so love Steve more for being a killer musician then just an OK comedian.
I love this!  Way to represent Asheville, SCR!
Dammit Steve!  Stop being so talented; you're making the rest of us look bad.
Another brilliant Tiny Desk! Loved it. Thank you.
What is this? What am I feeling?
Whether you like bluegrass music or not, you have to respect all of the talent, finesse, and timing that these musicians  master.
He should do  a song with Punch Brothers
Bruce Willis and Chris Martin's love child playing the other banjo?
He is considered #5 best banjo player in the WORLD. Love the SCR Band. Long time from SNL host and the Smothers Brothers writer.
I love my dad, but also wish that Steve Martin was my dad.
John C. Reilly and friends was awesome too
So much happening, I can barely catch up! The beautiful instruments, the mellow singing, the amazing audio engineering, perfect jokes, impressive musicians. Loved everything about it!
I was born a poor black child..
Go to google and type: *gexxguides* You get the only real 100% Working clash of clans working method in 2017
I'm wondering if Mr. Martin planned this to be the be white-boy brigade or, as I'm praying, it's just a sad irony that all these instruments collected from various cultures around the world are now the sad reminders of the beautiful friends we lost so long ago.  Or have we lost them when they live so vibrantly within us...I don't know...I guess I am just wishing I had a bada**  fro and an Aztec tan...but I guess I'm just be the blond haired, blue eyed joke of blending of all of {US}.   I like to think that there are blond-haired, blue-eyed Native Americans...I feel like a Native American, can't I just proclaim it.....I'd like to think I could some kind of redemption to all those have lost their favorite version of America(I hope America is read as North America, South America, and Central America.)   .
NPR is normally state-propaganda, so this was refreshing!   I do love bluegrass.   \n\nThe lack of hill-melancholy and marcato give it away as city-playing; but refreshing nonetheless.   Thank you SCR band.
I just started a channel could you guys subscribe and view my video 😀
What does NPR mean?
lol tim is so funny forward the ending of the vid,
PLEASE PLEASE do the onigiri baby thing! It was a trend in Japan for a while and I think Ayla is the perfect fit :D
I  how it is lindy...my daughter had always pink on when she was a baby and even with a pink hat with her name on it...people asked if she was a boy. I was like seriously would a boy be called isabella....
hey great video! love all your videos, your children are so cute :) :) :) you have such beautiful hair! i was wondering what kind of shampoo and conditioner do you use, how often do you wash your hair, thank you in advance!
if rotavirus gets on your hands you will get sick to your stomach!!
It's okay bubz my little one had her second lot of immunisations two weeks ago and I had a really bad tummy twice in a row! Luckily I didn't mess myself but I think the rota virus is really easy to catch with babies and whom ever is changing them lol! 💖
Aww😄 Isaac playing with Tim in the background was funny! ❤️ (4:30-4:52)
bubz omg you crack me up so much thank you for always brightening up my day 😂❤️
ahahahaha it happend to to me.. i get my husband key.. and went in the car first and i did it in the parking lot   but good thing i have always a diaper in my bag for my baby.. ahhahaha.. it happens
I need to stop eating dinner while watching buds vlogs 😂
I seriously thought I heard my son crying and realized it was actually Ayla when you said Oh babe, can you get Ayla? to Tim.
Bubz i have been watching you for god knows how long. I love you so so so much!!! I really aspire to be like you. You are so beautiful, open, honest, kind, caring. I absolutely love watching your videos and i only wish i could have you as a life friend! You are amazing and your family is beautiful!!!!
It's happened to all of us at one point!😁
Whoa, those were some handsome men at the wedding 😘😏 can I have one?
I guess that's the silverlining .................
Your babies are all very adaptable :) so blessed
Whaa bubz kept her HK apartment?? I havent kept up to date with vlogs. . Its great to see it again
My daughter  had thrush on her tounge  for ages shes now 4.5months old and she had it for the first 3 months of her life we gave her the medication  it stayed for a while then finally went
So cute seeing Tim and Ayala in the background during your story time!
Lol Tim just had to choose that night to drive slowly. And that moment when you take your marriage to whole new level. But it can happen to anyone Bubz so it's okay. Just hope your complex security person isn't one of your viewers though.
I was watching Tim play with Ayla and Isaac while bubz told her car-crap story. Hahaha oh my goodness so adorable
Bubz you have to dress her up pretty in pink to differentiate and if they still call her a boy you can call them colourblind :)
bubz, how about new intro because theres ayla's now?   💓
Poor Bubz, I really hope you recover well. (Gosh, everyone right now is getting sick.) Don't feel ashamed about your accident, it happens. I've been in your shoes before but I grew out of it. My Mom suffers from digestive problems as well and one thing that helps her stomach is eating a whole lemon. (It seems to work well for her but you don't have to try it.) Eating peppermints also works too sometimes or drinking peppermint tea works just the same. Ginger root is pretty good for digestive problems, it tastes really well and you can put it on food, make it into tea, or just eat it plain. Hope your recovery goes well, Bubz~! Lots of love and prayers from California~!
bubz u should change intro to put Ayla  into it  today vlog so funny
My parents went through it before  your not alone 🤣
Bubz, you should leave an open box of baking soda in Tim's car, it should help with the smell! :)
Wonder if the groom was ok after downing that nasty mix drink😂🤔\nAnd after having 2 kids I still sneeze and pee myself😭
Also how are alll your guy friends sooo handsome. I mean damn💕😭😍
I love tims mom.  She seems so easy to get along with.  She seems nice and down to earth.
2:36 reminded me of old times when you guys were in Hong Kong with your gel liner on your hand
SO CLOSE TO A MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!!!!
My stomach was bothering me right after I ate chipotle and I had to go into the Ulta bathroom :) and people kept knocking on the door so I was ready to cry because my stomach was killing and no one would leave me alone!!
sorry i think i missed it... but why are they in hong kong?
GUYS... \n\nSHE'S ALMOST AT ONE MILLION!!!
Hey Bubz!! I love your vlogs (even more than your beauty channel!) Are you going to do a new intro to your videos?
I did the same thing but I got home to a surprise b day party for me! I had a plastic bag stuck to my bum and had to keep my back to the wall to get to the bathroom.  It was horrible. But now it's a great funny story  so you are not alone sh*t happens
Im visiting HK for only a couple days next week.. really hope to coincidentally meet you bubzz... much love from indonesia..
It happens to the best of us love! Actually today was a close call....car rides and ibs don't mix....meditation works sometimes...😅
Tim: are you recovered yet?\nBubz: i'm still not completely recovered by the way...\nTim: i was referring to your self-esteem\n\nI DIED! LMAO
Idk but it's the cutest thing for me when I see a man holding a baby!
oh bubz I was eating when you started talking about what happened 😂😂
It's very common for baby's to have a white tongue because they are on an all white diet (milk). It's not considered thrush unless she has white plaques on her cheeks that don't come off when you rub them, +/- very red, angry bum.
I had a chicken salad today, it was delicious. Dont worry about the accident it happens to the best of us, almost happened to me before luckily i made it home on time. Dont ever feel bad! The babies are looking beautiful! \nxoxoxo
Omg I'm currently eating a rocky road icecream haha. Ayla and Isaac are so cute!
“Have you recovered yet?” “Oh I was referring to your self esteem” 😂😂
i once was on a train, 20 minutes from home and i knew it was gonna happen. i was in so much pain and my friend was trying to distract me. i called my dad to pick me up from the station as i knew i wouldnt be able to walk an extra 20 minutes home. i managed to just about hold it in, i have never ran so fast to the toilet in my life.\nanother time, i had just started taking antidepressants and they are known to give you an upset stomach. i was lying in bed and i was like, “why was that fart so hot?” and yes. it was poo.\n\n\nyoure welcome. x
at least it happened in a private car and not public transportation lol!!! Can you imagine?? :x
The way you both parent together works so well, beautiful family 😍❤️
Ayla's sleeping kick was the best!!!!
I can wait for Ayla to grow up she's going to be the cutest little girl 💕
Actually tbh sh*t happens' was my first thought last time, I just didn't want to be mean to you lol
Haha! My parents used to do the same thing y'all did to my brother when he was younger. He only liked to eat steak, so they told him everything way steak (chicken, pork, beef, fish, etc) lol
I just woke up from a dream of shitting myself and now you tell your story about shitting yourself lmao love you bubz!!!! ❤️😂
When you said at least it didn't happen in the street... made me think of the skit you did of when your were young and it was your grandma from your comedy channel 😂😂😂
why are they bck in Hongkong ?
4:34 haha issac riding on tim's back in the background was the funniest 😂😂😂
God You're so brave for telling us that poop story. I'm proud of you. It might've sucked But at least u have a funny story to tell ppl ^^
I'm so excited to watch Ayla and Isaac's relation grow deeper as they grow older 😊 they are so sweet
Baby Ayla is such a little dolly! Everytime I see her I'm just undone. I can't. those cheeks and her little rosebud lips. Your children are so darling and sweet!
Is it just me that feels like crying seeing her old appartment? Makes me realise just how far she and tim has come! Love bubs so so much!
It's okay Bubz! No one think of you any differently! In fact, all I could think about the entire vlog (every vlog) is Aww Bubz is so adorable and beautiful!\nBless you and your beautiful family!
What? She's a girl? :O\nYeaaaaaah, I'm not buying from you anymore Hahahaha! Bubz! :))))
My 3yr old son always gets called a she... He has long curly hair but i dress him like a boy! Hes always wearing dark colors!  I guess people just associate long hair for only girls and short to little hair for only boys... It sucks. Lol
just wondering if aylas thrush has settled since this?? you might have to be treated as well because it can be contracted through your nipples even if you don't have any symptoms. I had a few issues with it with my first baby and it finally went away once we both were treated at the same time.
It's so funny that when Isaac was younger, everyone mistook him for a girl and now, Ayla is being being mistaken for a boy. Some people... :D I may have missed it in a previous vlog, but who is taking care of Chubby and Domo?
I missed the apartmennnnttt
When my sister was a baby everyone thought she was a boy, and then my brother when he was a baby everyone keep saying what a cute little girl.
It is so fine Bubz.. I crapped myself too and I am 22. I was walking home from night shift and my stomach got upset. I was just too tired to hold it in :D and you cant even run with upset stomach at the point. I was so lucky no one saw me. My pants was hot mess tho and I managed not even my flatmates to find out. I crapped myself but I am still winner!
What is going to happen to Domo?
Seeing you, Tim & Isaac back in HK is so nostalgic for me 😭 it's crazy now seeing how big Isaac is & then seeing Ayla there as well~
Why are you repeating the same story twice?
OMG LET'S GET BUBZ TO 1 MILLION SUBS !!!!! :'O we're almost there
Outsider's (a Korean rapper) daughter gets mistaken for a boy😅 But want to know something that her, Isaac, and Ayla have in common??? The three of them are some of the cutest kids that I have ever seen!
How fast Isaac is growing !! He gets more cool looking everyday !! Love his new haircut 👦🏻👦🏻👦🏻👦🏻👦🏻👦🏻
Your so close to one million subscribers!!
Are you recovered yet? I was referring to your self-esteem!  LOL Tim can be savage sometimes!!!!
Omg that guy on the far left who drank that horrible alcohol drank 😂 is so cute
Anyone knows why they've returned to HK?
:D
Almost 1mil subs
Ayla is so cuuuute 😍❤️❤️❤️
I really enjoy seeing Ayla, cutest baby ever!! How much does Ayla weigh now Bubz? :)
Awww Poor bubz :/ but life goes on :)
https://youtu.be/rKaarkPsMoA\n\nNew video!
Awe bubz love you guys ❤️❤️❤️❤️
kinda TMI
Uncle Benny is very handsome :3
Get her headbands.
Happy autumn festival 中秋節快樂.....
LOOKS YUMMIEEEEEE
When you gotta go... GO!
Don't worry bubz I pooped myself in front of my boyfriend just recently. It was only a little bit and I just casually excused myself to the bathroom so I don't think he noticed. He later asked why I wasn't wearing panties so I played it off by acting sexy xDD He's the type of person that doesn't mind bodily functions and stuff like that(he even helped me blow my nose when I was sick with his bare hands since my hands full...) but I don't think I can ever tell him about it...at least not in the near furture xD
Yeah... I'm not buying from you anymore \nMe... every time a sales lady follows me around.
I'm only here to find about Domo? did they give him away?
Didnt you talk about it last vlog.. Haha - move on bubz move on! It's gross... Im hangin in coz i love you 😘
Perhaps not the best story to hear over dinner 😂
Aww, I feel for you so much sweetie... From what you're describing I'd definitely say it's a rota virus side effect, the sweating and the rush are not normal in the sense that you've just waited for too long... That or some mild digestive problems, but definitely not your lack of self control 😜 if it makes you feel a bit better, it happened to me on the very top of a really reeeealy high mountain - not in my pants but there was literally NOWHERE  to hide, imagine, peak of the highest mountain, no bushes, just rocks, but about 15 people around 👌 so I asked them to look the other way, there is about 360' of other options on a top of a mountain... I just felt couldn't delay it any longer cause it was a nasty virus, my only possible decision was either pants stay up or not.
I remember Benny from your vlog in 2010 or 2011 when he went to HK to visit you. He looks even younger.
I never noticed that birthmark in your hand before :/
Il ont oublier le Logo Pegi 18
Supporter du psg je tire mon chapeau au FCGB qui ont proposés du jeu et respectés le football. ..donc quand je vois des gens se moquer je trouve ça ridicule quand on sait que leur équipe se met à 11 dans les cages en attendant que ça siffle . Donc 6-2 oui mais une opposition digne de ce nom.
Bon ok on s'est fait démonté la gueule, mais je suis content d'avoir vu mon équipe jouer, proposer quelque chose, et pas garer le bus comme on fait et feront certains. Après forcément avec des lacunes defensives telles, contre un Paris efficace et impitoyable comme celui de samedi on prend une branlée, mais merde on finit avec 17 tirs, 6 de plus que Paris, qu'on vienne pas a me dire que ce match annonce un saison catastrophique, au contraire.
Neymar, Mbapé e Cavani, melhor ataque atualmente ❤\nPSG futuro campeão da liga dos campeões.
I from Brazil and I can say , Neymar is the best player of the world at the moment , when Neymar guy played  Santos team  by Pelé  , I always watched , so i wanna say Neymar I love you bye
#TeamPaname 🔴🔵
Pour une fois qu'une équipe ne gare pas le bus pour essayer de prendre 1 point. Merci au Girondin d'avoir joué normalement et d'avoir rien lâcher même avec 6 but pris.
costil :(
Brésil mon amour!
En tant que marseillais je ne peut qu' être objectif. Je trouve cette équipe de Paris impressionnante. l'attaque est juste monstrueuse. Franchement ça fait peur. Cette année en ligue des champions vous pouvez faire quelques choses de propres.
The True Meaning Of (WAKING UP😪👉 https://youtu.be/00wYHWg1c7s
Check this update on barca leaving la Liga to possibly join the French league if the catalan independence win:\n\n https://youtu.be/ns5hcCFgxtc
That's why you don't play giroud in goal
The goalkeeper is terrible
Check very funny 😄 😁 animation of President TRUMP reacting to NEYMAR's move to PSG, some hilarious 😂 🤣 responses:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tRzR7l7Tpw
1.46 but a la pes
dont mind me.. just an english comment passing through
o que essa desgraça ta falando
Target practice when this can be his year.
Quand on regarde les stats 6-2 c'est un peu violent  ; mais bon face à un psg comme ca en confiance après le 3 - 0 au bayern , sans faire le bus comme montepellier , à l'éxtérieur et en ayant au final plus d'occasions que le psg ( assez grosse domination bordelaise en fin des deux mi temps ! ) le contenu proposé était franchement sympoa et même si on se prend 6-2 le match était beau à regarder après la défense et le gardien bordelais ont un peu raté leur match un manque d'engagement ( comme l'a dit rabiot ) car les bordelais partaient un peu vaincus alors qu'ils auraient peut etre pu faire mieux , mais si on regarde la match en soit et pas uniquement le score , moi je trouve que ca présage du bon surtout que l'équipe est encore en rodage ! moi je suis content de ce match même si symboliquement parlant se prendre 6 buts dans la gueule ca fait mal , et en différence de buts cest que un de plus que le bayern donc moi je dis , allez bordeaux !
Trop speed
Le joguê foi facilitê. Tô aprendendo francês.
C’est plus paris mais qatari 😂😂
Au klm moi je dis
Le commentateur sens va totalement les c** des but
Malcolm, qui, après cette raclée, va prendre un selfie avec Neymar tout sourire jpp
This fucking team... Wow
Pwa que des pépites
Allez l'OM
Notez que c'est Neymar qui tire de penalty😂
Draxler the monster
Doesnt take keeper look like Giroud?
Aller l om
Aller om
Costil est pas ouf comme gardien  ...
Le but de Draxler 👏
PSG 2017-2018 campeão da Champions , 🇧🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🗼
La MCN ☺☺
Neymar a tiré le pénalty \nOK
Costil les cheuveux ... 0
Mdr bordeaux c prit une rafale
Haha
Allez Paris !!
Allez paris
Encore un viol 🤤
Bien ce geste Mbappé 🙏🏻
Le but de Draxler est terrible
La MCN ? Ça n'a aucun sens, arrêtez de dire ça
Bordeaux et son équipe de chèvres !
https://youtu.be/6lNd-x2_si0 CLICK ICI : DANIEL ALVES -  HOMME ARAIGNÉE  : ARRIERE DROITE DU PARIS SAINT GERMAIN . POUR L'ATTAQUE COMME L'HOMME ARAIGNÉE S'ENGAGE DANS LES PRÉDIES .  JUSQU'À LA FIN BUT...BUT...BUT... . DANIEL ALVES EST HOMME ARAIGNÉE DANS LE FOOTBALL SAISON CHAMPION 2017/2018 !!! PRODUCTION FOOTBALL ARTISTIQUE :  PAPA XAMÃ RAS DJ THYÃO BRÉSIL  CONSEILLER - CONSULTANT - ORIENTATEUR CHAMPION DU PARIS SAINT GERMAIN SAISON 2017/2018 . EN DIRECT DE RIO DE JANEIRO AU BRÉSIL PAR INTERNET FACEBOOK ET YOUTUBE . VIEN LES TURISTES FRANÇAIS EN VISITE A RIO DE JANEIRO AU BRÉSIL : ACHETER DES PRODUIT ET ARTICLE REGGAE DANS LE STAND - BARACA RAS DJ THYÃO BRÉSIL . DANS LA FEIRA DE SÃO CRISTOVÃO Á RIO DE JANEIRO AU BRÉSIL . TOUT LES VENDREDI , SAMEDI ET DIMANCHE . 3 JOURS NON STOP SANS COUCHER . 72 HEURE REVEILLE ET TRAVAILLE POUR VOUS . VIEN ACHETER...VIEN.....VIENNNNN..... CLICK ICI :https://youtu.be/6lNd-x2_si
Et dire que Bordeaux à lâcher Carrasso, je comprend pas. Costil fait un match dégueulasse. Une belle passoire
les gens préfère trappe rien mdr  et maintenant il préfère   areola  juste pasque il a fait un match de fou face au bayarn  arêtes  un peux      \nil faut choisir  un gardien  numéro 1 pour moi c'est pas les 2
DIEUX MERCI QU ON  A PAS MIS CRISTIANO RONALDO DANS L ÉQUIPE AVEC NEYMAR SINON ÇA AURAI ÉTÉ GRAVE
Paris sont impressionnants et monstrueux...Je redoute le 22...allez l'OM ⚪🔵🔵⚪⚪🔵🔵⚪
Pour une fois que Marseille fait un bon match de son côté... tout le monde s'en fout vu que le vrai régal était (encore) au Parc.
J habite a bordeaux et.on.c fais baiser
Ce PSG va faire mal cette saison.
C'est pas score de foot mais un score de tennis
On a vu que le gardien de but bordelais était décourager au 5eme but du PSG
Tout les Français dois avoir Fiers de Marseille unique à gagné LDC
paris aussi. un  équipe mdr
J'aime voir les fan du PSG qui aime leur idole neymar, mais sachez que vous avez une équipe , et que c'est pas seulement grâce q lui que vois gagnerD'autant plus que Draxler ou encore Mbappe se donne encore plus que neymar sur la pelouse ! L'argent a eu raison de la ligue 1 , GG ^^
va t'informer sur les statistique de messi et cr7 a 25 et puis revient Parler, donner juste quelque mois a mbappe et vs allez voir quil Sera la start du psg
quelque'un peut dire à Neymar qu'il a oublié d'enlever ses bigoudis
Super le PSG et trop fort
On est pas chaud nous
Verrati à quand même pris du sale 😂😂😂😂
Alai on atten les petite fiote de marseillais
Ceux qui pensent que c le psg qui remporte la ligue 1 likez moi ça
Le PSG marche sur la France a pas de géant!
les lyonnaise qui essaient d’exister a travers le PSG c'est pathétique mdr on a tiré sur la barre  ^^
Réactions des supporters sur PSGfanTV en direct du Parc des Princes 🔵🔴🔥\nhttps://youtu.be/e_G_yi9vEp0
serieux ont pas l'impression qu'ils ne font pas le meme metier....
La reprise de draxler et le coup franc de neymar 😍
Vous voyez les Parisiens faire ça contre la Juve, le Réal, le Barça, Manchester United ou Manchester City?
Sans déconner cassez vous au Qatar les parigots, vous pourrissez la ligue 1.
c'est moi ou di maria devient roulier il perd des duels il fait de  mauvaise passe.
Toute façon paris cest bien beau de faire les beaux en championnat mais on attend toujours quelque chose de votre part en europe car a part collectionner les 8eme et les quarts de final ca monte pas plus haut et tout les ans on entend objectifs champions league. Mais quand il sagit du barca ou du real bah ca fait plus grand chose pour moi paris est juste une equipe europeene on va dire moyen haut car a part une coupe intertoto cest tout ce que vous avez\nMais vu les quelques matchs que jai vu cette année vous pouvez la tentez elle est large a votre porter \nBon courage a vous pour leurope \nUn supporter bordelais
Messi The best
👀.
Se prendre que des buts en contre, par le psg, au parc... C'est quand même un comble. A vouloir jouer son jeu Gourvennec a juste offert le match. \nCa n'a aucun sens.
Sa prend deux but a la maison contre bordeaux parcontre contre la juve ou le real ce sera pas 2 but
Le PSG est une très belle équipe, toujours agréable à voir jouer. Vous devriez être content s'avoir une telle team en France. Mais non, vous faites les chauvins simplement car ils ont de l'argent.
Mbappe c'est le seul travailleur franchement j'le kiff ce gamin j'aime trop quand il marque
Que c'est beau le pouvoir de l'argent sur un championnat sans but
Ptn mais qui va battre cette équipe 😂 c'est plus possible la mdr ils ont même pas pitié de leurs adversaires avec leur score de tennis 😂 je pense que nous on a soufrir le 30 octobre Garcia bon nous caser un petit 451 comme il le fait quand on affronte des équipes du top 10 x)
C'est normal que le psg gagne c'est tous des braisilien
Quand Meunier marque c toujours un bon match mdr
Bonne nouvelle kurzawa s est blessé en EDF
Au moins Bordeaux joue au foot et pas au casino
je suis fanne de  lom est je reconnait que le psg sont monstrueux . mais il faut reconnaitre que l'om a fait un match de foues contre nice
AUCUNE GLOIRE NI FIERTÉ A AVOIR lorsque tu joue dans un championnat ultra faible niveau ligue 2 et que les médias essayer de nous vendre ça comme un somment de ligue 1 ; XPTDR.. Surtout lorsqu'en plus tu a des joueuses bordelaises qui se couchent de suite et qui attendent la fin du match pour faire des selfies avec NEYMAR !! Pitoyable.. Une seule chose positif, très beau but de Neymar et celui de Draxler par contre..
la ligue 1 est faible pour le psg
Ligue 1 Conforama ? Ils sont serieux avec la pub là c'est honteux
4-2 POUR MARSEILLE POLOPOPOOOPO AH merde c pas ce match excusez moi ...
En league 1 il n'y a que le psg qui m'intéresse le reste des équipes pas intéressant
Draxler ptn je l'aime trop \nBerchiche je le trouve bon
Ligue 1 is shit only one good team no challenge or competition must be boring in that leauge u will hardly see a 4-6 nil in a leauge like  bpl
jolie la passe de mbappe sur le 2e but
Super match de basket
P
I believe 🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃
14:10 lmao
OMG my Halloween stores golf store to
Your videos are amazing <3
16:26 omg im done! XD same
Luigi 😂
Yeeeeesss! Do more follow me around, it's so much fun to watch! Especially halloween-themed ones ;D and I would love to watch when you assemble the jack'o lantern-man.
The Luigi is inflatable I'm sure there are people who will get mad about that but I just think it was funny XD Bunny is adorable
You should go to Arne's 😊
Set him up on camera!
Could someone please explain why she does earth worm??
Why is she getting stressed out and complaing about prices? 8 million subs. Im pretty sure she makes like THAT much a year or more. Definitely 7 or 8 figures.
On your so great
Saw at 16:05 😵😵😵😳the only truly terrifying movie😫😫😫
A lot of Hugh Hefner this year!
is there any place in austin that is good to go wander and look for halloween stuff? Were going to austin tomorrow and I am so excited!
Does bunny have a Tesla???
Omg I haven't laughed so much at one of your videos in what feels like forever!!! You are winning!! 😍😍😍
6:12-6:14 😂😂
i liked vlog
LOOK AT THAT. 👀
the luigi
Hi I love Halloween too
Michaels and Hobby Lobby have some decent Halloween things!
😁 I channel bunny every time I go shopping (especially in October 😅) look at that! Look at this! Isn't that cool?! *unintelligible squeals
hi from the land of oz mostly the gold coast we don't have halloween like you do so you don' know how lucky you are. here there is very little avaible in store also it's my birthday on friday the13th iwas also born on a black friday and we also don't have black friday sales here so wish i was there say hi great watchind always interesting
The spilling coffee cup in the buggy bothered me for like three minutes omg
look at that XD
Omg you make me laugh so much! We need to be friends in real life haha let's make this happen!!
I wanna see the jackolantern !!
I do belive in Jack O Lanterns.! ❤️🦄💜
My birthday was on the 1st! 😀
Does Bunny still have her cat? I haven't seen him since they moved
I do believe in jack-o-lanterns 🎃
I live in Las Vegas and unfortunately my Friends, my gf, and I were involved in the tragedy that occurred on Sunday. I have been glued to the news , I've been proactive and trying to help serve my community and be there for other victims and today I hit an extreme low. Everything began to sit in and I finally broke down making it only the second time I have cried. I hurt for my friends , I hurt for my community and I just hurt all over. YouTube , and your videos have always been a place of solace and today it has brought me comfort and an occasional smile and laugh. There were many heroes that night, my gf included and today you are my hero for putting a smile on my face. Thank you bunny from the bottom of my heart.
I do believe in Jack-O-Lanterns!
I love follow-me-arounds!
🌹
I legit want the batmobile thing lol
Definitely see you put the Jacqueline together and I want to see you going to more stores
FOLLOW ME AROUNDS ARE MY FAVE! <3
yes do more follow me around i love them
Did you just call Yoshi Luigi?
this is legit my favorite video of the year<3 lowkey because we have like 0 halloween stores in my country :((
I want to see u set the Halloween stuff up
Please do a haul and show us you testing everything you bought!
Not just at the store when your home and do the jack-o'-lantern set it up we would love to see that
If you're ever up here in New York City, check out Halloween Adventure, it's a year round, two story Halloween store, its amazing
“$20 for these little bloops of skinnnn” 😂 I’m not sure why but this literally made me LOL 😂
is no one going to mention the fact that she said the *Luigi* is inflatable when it was Yoshi lol.
I belive in you😊😊😊😊😊😊☺☺☺☺☺☺😄
What about Party City??
I loved this video and I can't wait for more cause I LOVEEE halloween\nAlso I think you should be Pennywise for halloween, it would be so cool!
Do a review on the fake lips!
I just love your personality !
But......but...but, that's Yoshi. Not Luigi.... 😐
Omg, the prancing in the mini batmobile has me DYING laughing! 😂 Bunny, thank you! My boyfriend left for Puerto Rico this morning to help bring power back on there, and he will be gone for months. I desperately needed a genuine smile and laugh, and you did it! Thanks so much!!!!
VROOM VROOM AND BUNNY DOING HIGH KNEES GAVE ME LIFE
yeaa do the video..!!!
Love the jack-o-lantern antamatronics thing ❤️❤️
Did she just call Yoshi Lugi?!?!
ITS OCTOBER FOURTHHHHHHHH YAS HAPPY EARLY HALLOWEEN!
yESSS
I love Octoby
Quote the raven nevermore
Halloween
for the Mario costume, that is Yoshi not Luigi
Anybody see that guy posing for the camera
Did you get a Tesla?
Love the Halloween store <3 you have guts to be able to act that wacky in public!
I love both the big cats. I found a dragon at Wal-Mart that blows smoke out of his nose lol he is 10 feet tall. Yeah I know not big enough lol. I love when you take the Swamp family shopping so much fun.
Weird question but anyone know what car she drives?
OMG yes please make a video about that giant pumpkin guy he is amazing!
I loved the part when she burped 😂
Hai I'm new to ur channel and  I love ur channel already
Does anyone know where I can buy a raven mask at that quality online? ❤
5:18 does anyone see the sorting hat
15:50 I have that cat mask too
I wanna see the Halloween decorations!!!!
(Bunny)oh what’s that inflatable it’s a cats but (me) lol 😂
When I see Bunny walk around the same exact store I do, I want to kick myself. One day we will be at the same place at the same time. <3 ^_^
I'm Harley Quinn this year ...... my dad's the Joker 😐
The luigi is inflatable... \n\nI think that's Yoshi bunny...
You should do a how to get more Halloween candy!
I love your videos you crack me up. I hope one day to run into you somewhere in the houston area
When Bunny's coffee fell over I gasped lol
I love you so much, you are so funny ❤
do you have a tesla?
I love how Bunny said It's Bunny, can i get my Pumpkin Spice Latte? :D :D <3 Love you Bunny!
I'd love to see you put that everything up for the Jack O'Lantern
I looking for female Gaston costume. May just get the guy version.
Yes please, just yes to it all.
Did anyone else see the guy at 3:57-3:58 😂
I'll be part of your squad bunny
would have liked to have seen more of what they sold .. we dont have shops like this in the uk :'(
I seen you at academy about 2 or 3 years ago but didn't want to walk up to you because I didn't want to disturb you... I regret it all the time. I love you
Go to spirt halloween pleeeeeeaaaaasssssssss
Her eyes are so blue
When she entered the display it made me dizzy omg i dont celebrate halloween but ill keep watching your videos bunny... You make everything fun.
Amazing, more than 30 years after 'that song' and not just as good, but even better! Counting down the days (16 now)  untill the new album arrives!
I must say, you guys have literally shaped my childhood into what it is. I usually write my books to your music because it really gets me in the zone. My dad finds it funny that I can relax to bands like Metallica and then go completely hyper whenever I hear anything to do with you :)
Brasiiil!! likes
Best part of the video 1.36 to 1.51 . .. listen to Joey
AAAAAAAHHHHHHH SO BEAUTIFUL I'M WAITING FOR FULL ALBUM DJDJSHSVDKSSBVD OMG I LOVE EUROPE YEAH\nps come to POLAND PLS
Amazing song, stunning video, guys you really are GREAT! Argentina loves you, come back soon !! (L)(L)(L)
como eu amo essa banda <3 são incriveis desde os anos 80
Realmente Fantástico!! Espero con ansias vuelvan pronto a Chile!
Europe forever ! Let's Rock ! \nO Brazil tem ama ❤🎵✌
Europe meets Kashmir! And I love it!!  :D
Love this song 😍 congratulations guys 😉 love you FOREVER !!! ❤❤❤❤❤\nCome  to Portugal,  please 😭
Those who disliked this video are filled with SHIT!
And also greetings from Slovenia to Europe and to the fans!
Great song , it sounds really cool !. I like the production, it's very powerful !!!.
I hope the album is more rock
Tears in my eyes! Thank you. I bought my verry first single as a child. It was  the final countdown of cause. My brother laught about me and about this pop music. Back these days. Today he is one of youre biggest fan
For some reason I recognize the melody for the refrain from somewhere else..
I love this guys!!
Europe you are ture rock legends awesome video walk the earth  keep on writing awesome songs 😊😊
From all the legendary come backs I think yours guys really stands out. Amazing
!!! !! !!!\n!!! !! !!!\n!!! !! !!!
Wow....Europe...love from Chile...
Totally bad ass!!!!!!
Congratulations for this video I'm very proud of you. You deserve  the best with this new album. I have not stopped seeing it all day and every time I like more. It is very mysterious to me in some things but if you are happy is the most what it matters .Together walking the Earth with heart and Soul like champions
Love the track and the video, keep on rocking!
Good...but i think very similar to NLIT and NSSTB. It can be more....
europe brutales cada disco mejor
Perfect Job !! :) :) :)
Somebody have to make video for  this song together with Game of Thrones parts
Europe at it's very best.
At 0:34 it seems the Sports Hall from 86's The Final Countdown video, only now it's decayed. I don't go on with parallels, 'cause I still love Europe: the song is great, but it deserved a more uplifting video.
Very good video and song!
So great ! Thank you .
Every band sooner or later try to do their own Kashmir...
Verse reminds me of Deep Purple - Fingers to the Bone.
More carpets to a god of carpets!
Joey should've worn the purple jacket from Superstitious instead of that fur looking thing!
Absolutely love this song and video!!!  You Dudes definitely know how to Rock!!! Looking forward to your USA tour!!
Can't wait for the record,amazing song
So proud of you! \n\nplease come back to Brazil soon cause I really wanna sing this one live
The best album from Rainbow in a long time
Hope the whole album will be as good as the title track. Already in love with that song!
Love new songs europe
Perfect! Can't wait to see you in Milan!
EXCELLENT SONG.... Beautiful video..... EUROPE LOVE LOVE LOVE
Such a good song! Can't wait to here the album and see them on tour
Perfect I looove it ❤❤\nEu simplesmente amei,me lembra um pouco New love in town e Prisoners in paradise
Awesome guys, I loved it, it's a great job, it's amazing, images, music and Joey's voice make it perfect !! Congratulations!!Thank you guys, I love them!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
EUROPE IS  THE SONG OF MY LIFE!!! I LOVE IT GUYS!!!! COME TO BRAZIL IN SOON!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Europe the best band, great song, great video, congratulations
Mic Michaeli fez um excelente trabalho. Fã eterno destes caras.
Europe sono come il vino; più passa il tempo e più è buonissimo. Vi adoro da sempre ❤🍀.
Bellissimo e spettacoloso con questo b/n che non lo sminuisce
Amazing song :))))\nBulgaria
Красавцы
EUROPE FOREVER ... FROM INDONESIA
Great as always!!
Великолепно! \m/ Группа в  форме!
Impecables!!!👍💖
Yay It's amazing
Wow super super amazing 😘😘😘😘
Grandiosos como siempre!!!!
Yes!!!!
F****in AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!
<3 fantastic! Love you!
casablanca morocco  saluting  europe band ..........
вони ще живі?
Power!!!Soul and Emotions!!!
Maravilloso !!\nJoey love you !!
Me gusta la cancion. Suena a lo Purple
ONLY ONE WORD..............................EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Absolutely amazing
Europe Brazil too salutes you!
Awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so cool!
awesomeeeeeeee!!!!!
FANTASTIC! !!! You are amazing! !!
Excellent 🤘
Hell yes! Love this!
YES YES YES!!!
Brilliant
Amazing song! 👌
Genial !!
j'adorrre !! Europe Forever ! ♥♥
Asombroso , no veo la hora de cantarlo en su próxima visita a ARGENTINA¡¡¡
4 people are queer
Finalmente llego,con mucha impaciencia lo estaba esperando.......pero que rolaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!Amazing song of EUROPE ,my band favorite
Brazil!!!
DOS PALABRAS ....EUROPE ETERNOS \nLARGA VIDA A EUROPE \m/
Un poco parecido al single del disco anterior..veremos que tal es el disco entero...de todas maneras se agradece EUROPE está vivo!
Gracias por tanto... Los espero nuevamente en Chile ! Unos caballeros estos wnes, que grandes !
Sono commossa! Davvero fantastici!!! ...però è illegale essere così fighi!!! ❤❤❤❤❤
Har dem någonsin låtit bättre!!!?? Amazing!!!!
Melhor Banda de Todos os Tempos....Brasil ❤😍
Great tune! Miss johns Fender sound though. Imagine that solo with the sound from the Wings of tomorrow album. Would be a killer.
*I found a little Deep Purple feel on it!* 😉
Europe, my favorite band all over the others i have listen to. Such great inspirated songs like Memories, Scream of Anger, Children of this time, In the future to come, Open your heart, Dreamer, Stormwind, Wings of tomorrow, Coast to coast, Danger on the track, Rock the night, Let the good times rock, Carrie, More than meets the eye, The Final Countdown, Dance the night away, Seven doors hotel, I'll cry for you, Superstitious, Cherokee... all of them such great. And you guys are still here giving the best! Thanks for that! Have a great time and keep it up! Congrats!!! I hope i could have been in your concerts and listed to the raw sound of Europe! But i just found you all months ago. Your music is... there are no words to describe it!!! \n~Joakim B. Nordurljósson~ \ni hope one day i can have a great band with original songs and sounds! 
Norum and Leven should be on a diet, they´re turning into pigs.
I think it sounds a bit too muffled making the song boring everything els is great.
6 unlike. \nFans Bon Jovi? ;)
Share this video with someone who needs to improve their vlogs!\nRemember to _`Like'_ the video if you learnt some great vlogging tips! 👍
F*ck it i'll use stock footage *leaves like* <3
Can't wait to see your star wars cameo :^)
Awesome video! Could you please take me to Hogwarts, too...? 😉🙏
THE QUEEN CAME BACK
Now this is a great vlog!!
I love how toms face and name changes EVERYTIME!\n( favourite is beep beep XD )
*phone answers, guns shots and violence heard* yup that's TomSka alright.
I'm taking notes!
Ami, as always love your sense of humor! Your videos are bright bits in this sometimes crazy dark world. FYI: I hope it isn't too unoriginal or derivative but with the my new channel branding I took inspiration from your motto with my updated channel upload schedule. :) Be well and safe!
How have I just only now found this channel?
I see Spiderman, really let himself go!
the drone part  HAHAHA omg I'm dying its so funny !!!! ben video so far
You are so beautiful.
Love the gag with Tom's picture on the phone.
This is like one of the most creative channels I have ever seen, your awesome and keep up the good work👍👍
FINALLY AFTER ALL THIS TIME I FOUND YOU NOW THAT I'VE GOT YOU IM GONNA subscribe
New videos every someday. Just like Natalie Tran\n\noh wait, that would imply Natalie uploads videos
Lol dat train ride tho, you were cool as ice with those sunglasses
Your life is boring? U should see mine e_e
But... she said a swear! My heart is fucking shattered
I think we're all waiting for that mopping vlog.
One of my favorite videos~ tho all of your videos are great!
Not gonna lie- this made me giggle. Giggle away a little mischievous schoolboy.
Aw man that was great!  So funny!
I love how the Profile thing and name keeps changing
Are you friends with Barbie?
Ami, the queen of trolling and satire <3 loved the video!!! :D
3:05 that's a good touch giving the phone a delay. A lot of people don't notice that when on the phone.
1:30    Wow.... That pretty much sums up my channel..... #MyChannelSucks   :(
The only thing I see exciting at weddings is the grooms fainting in fear. I don't blame them. Check it out on Youtube.
Ami: AH f*** this is taking forever
That was one glamorous train ride.
Holy shit this video is perfect
This video is gold. I loved it so much oh my gosh
you were the original lil miquela queen
That drone part made me burst out a loud ha!
3:22 Time for some self examination lol
Must've been a shotgun wedding.\nSorry.
Who else has sawn the rabbit guitar dude at 3:45 in Xiao's video? 😂😂
You said that you'd use stock footage, so it comes as no surprise that the video of Westminster Bridge is indeed stock footage. Riddle for you: Could we have known that it is stock footage, even if you had not mentioned it? If yes, how?
Is a McDonald's hamburger in England any different from one in Japan?\n\nWas going to ask if TomSka was an inter-dimensional nexus of chaos, death and general destruction, but then he went off and ruined it by being normal towards the end.
I'm not good in front of cameras:\/
That feeling when for a second you thought she used stock footage for the drone shot... -_-
Toms name kept changing\nAnd I was like\nDamn toms car\nCan’t you get anything right
Tom's face keeps changing XD\nAnd name.
When you post I think a part of my soul has been chipped away and given to you. I love it
Looking forward to the next video, Ami! Just uhh... 2 months? Maybe 1 and a half?
Pretty much me if I ever decided to vlog.\nDid a few things, ate some snacks, same old, same old
Oh look she has a drone then pops ups word I realise it was google earth lol I'm dumb.XD
I'm not playing video games, *I'm at a wedding* \n \n\nI'm dead 😵
I'm laughing so hard
Glad to see that you're work is as spectacular as ever!! Keep it up!!
He was talking about Casey neistait .I LOVE it .
Been missing you!!!  My wife & I really enjoy you.  :)
Did you get to meet Rey?
Bomb bomb that was Tom
One thing you could do is upload more regularly. Come on, other vlog channels upload daily, yet at your pace it almost seems like you're a YouTube animator.
This was a wonderful surprise in an otherwise gloomy day.  Thanks Ami 🤗
I ALMOST SPIT OUT MY FOOD THIS WAS SO FUNNY
There are so many thing to point out in this video, but I like how Tom's name kept changing on your screen haha
But I don’t have a drone! bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
This is so meta. I like it!
Awesome! You are so Creative **0** <3
HAHA
stop veljan
I love it
2:12 /r/keming
Lol this is funny
Love it!
BEEP BEEP LAUGHING/CRYING
ROFL!!
TomSka\nTornSka\nTronSka\nTomsk R.\nTom\nbeep beep
pro tips
'tronska
7,777 views wuow!
christmas came early
Tomska is lame :/
i make similar vlogs! i just posted today check me out! CalNewmanTV
beep beep imma sheep
Beautiful
GATCHAMAA~AN!
wait a second..........
Torn Ska
watch shonduras he vlogs alot
Woo favorite YouTuber uploaded
Rip
Gatchaman T-shirt!
hehehe, nice~ i dig it
I missed you!
TronSka lol
Great video Ami
Ami is so talented...
The funniest vlog ever 😂
10/10 Would vlog with you anyday !!
It's my first time in your channel.\nI love it! \nI hope to see more of your videos.\n\nSomeday..
So glad to see you again on my birthday (oct. 3)!  i'm in asia, so it's a day in advance. \ncome see me so we can have fries (lol even tho u can't)
What model drone was that?
Applause.\nThat was worth the time HAHAHA <3
Hey I really want a video of how you animate Ami! I think it would be really cool.
sped up
Lucky was always one of my favorite characters in the show. Practically everyone was an asshole at some point, except for Lucky, Connie, and of course, Ladybird. I always loved the episodes with Lucky. Today, Tom Petty died, the man who played Elroy Lucky Kleinschmidt. He had some good music too. This is my little tribute to him. He was a good voice actor, a good musician, and a damn good man. He will always be one of my favorite voice actors. May he have a restfull grave.
My favorite character in KotH, due in part to the fact that the great Tom Petty voiced him... R.I.P
One of those baby ironing boards? \n You'll be missed, Tom, God bless you for the joy you brought us.
Rip lucky
RIP
Rest in Peace Tom Petty.
RIP\n\nBut they should have included visualization.
I am looking for a clip that has the next like in it.  that son of a bitch will never have to work another day his entire life
Rip Tom ☹
I always looked at Lucky and thought that he was some sort of cartoon Tom Petty, today, I looked it up an sure enough he's voiced by Tom Petty! I guess I finally figured it out after a Tom Petty music phase recently, highly recommended.
Rest In Peace Tom Petty.\nLucky and Luanne are together again
RIP Tom Petty
R.I.P. Tom Petty
RIP Tom Petty
R.I.P. #TomPetty #Lucky
💝
RIP Tom Petty.
Goodbye, Lucky!
RIP Tom Petty
RIP TOM PETTY
thats tom petty as lucky
R.I.P. Tom, so crazy that him and Brittany Murphy are both gone.
Rest in peace Tom (Lucky) Petty.
RIP Lucky Petty
So long Lucky...At least you and Luanne are in a better place...
I still feel like Lucky got the raw end of the deal
Worst character in King of the Hill. Ruined the show for me.
it's crazy that the singer Tom Petty is the voice of Lucky
I done slipped on pee pee.... best line ever
Lucky's a great character
In another episode, they actually showed it as a flashback.
slipped on the pee pee. best day of my life.
lol iz tom petty
RIP TP
At 66 years... too soon. Sad to hear,  R.I.P.
I NEED TO KNOW.... :(
RIP
you were a class act Mr. Petty u will be remembered forever
Another great musician leaves us...:(
To Tom, I love you man, thanks! Signed, an Indiana girl, from an Indiana town.........
Hi Brian,\n\nDo you mind if I use a part of this video for a tribute I am working on? Happy to credit you on the channel, comments and description and even list you down as a collaborator.\n\nLet me know if you are OK with this.\n\nThanks & have a good day
rip tom. thinking of the fam. this one is for you peter. i know he was one of your music heros.  rip.
Was this the final song of his final public appearance? Either way so sad to learn of his death. RIP TP. Everybody watch his old SNL appearances tonight.
RIP Tom. So glad I took the trip to London to see you this summer. Thanks for all the music.
I was at this very show and it was my first (and now only) live performance from TPTH.  I am truly fortunate watching such a magical event with a good friend, good wine, good food and great entertainment.  You will be greatly missed by all of us for such an amazing career and iconic music.  Thoughts and prayers for you and your family.
Wish you,'d come around here again. RIP
Don't even know who this guy is but, RIP.
Love you Tom, Why must God take all the best, RIP, forever missed
RIP Tom Petty - thank you for the memories!!
Precious Tom...Heartbreaking.
(y) <3
Not Wildflowers...Yer So Bad.
R.I.P.!
Say hi to Glenn . . .
RIP Tom
One hell of a concert in heaven now. Too many, too soon.
Seen TP and Heartbreakers 7x between '85 and '93. Last night at Hollywood Bowl was my 8th time. In the past he was good. One of the best. Now? Don't know if aliens cloned him and left us the shitty version? But he sucked!! He's like Wayne Newton in Vegas. On autopilot. Same songs in same exact order with same exact talking in between songs. Same same same. SUCKED!! Bet he even  puts the condom on with his mouth for you, he's such a pro. Sucked!!
The happiness talking about the case I now understand 😆
Love the Dr Jart.  I finished one tube and agree about the packaging.  I took off the pump and turned it upside down for several days into a smaller pot.  Then I knocked the pot on the floor.  Splattered up into the air and landed on the carpet, the dog and places I probably still haven't found.  Still love the product.  So does my dog.
Love that a previous season item of clothing is back in rotation in your favourites! You have such great ethics Anna
I love parks and rec too!!! So amazing that you met rashida!! \nBtw you should totally watch brooklyn 99 if you haven’t yet. It reminded me of parks and rec and i abolutely love it!!
great faves girl!
Oh my worddd 😜 Loved this vid
You're so cute❤️
You‘re so hilarious 😂
That DemyLee sweater looks SO cosy!
That Rashida Jones story though 🤣... amazing!
What an amazing story!!
That whole Rashida Jones suitcase story 👌👌👌
And the lovable, adorkable award goes too... awww Anna!
The Rashida Jones story!!! 😱😱
Great video Anna! 👍🏻😄
Great Rashida Jones story time!
Hi
really liked your rashida jones story! lol
Hilarious 😆 lounge incident!!!
Rashida frickin Jones! 🤘🏼🎉😱
#luggagegoals I guess!
💕💕💕
You are too cute lol !
You are so cute! What a great story! 👍🏻
I ordered three Birthday Cake Balm Dot Coms as well as a Stretch Concealer and can't wait for them to arrive! X
Haven't had any luck with Zoeva brushes, I bought two eyeshadow brushes (cant remember which ones) and they both give me an awful red rash.... :(
ca you please tell what size you are in zara jeans ... i want to buy these top shop ones but i'm not sure about size
This Rashida Jones story is the best thing this week ☺️💚
Hahaha u crack me up haha amazing, i can so imagine how chuffed u felt, whats the chance! Go g♥️rl😘👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
I loving your vids when I get a chance, I've said it before so cool and effortless chic. Love the video : )\n\nNatoya
You are SO adorable with that luggage story!!! 🤗😂
Hi Anna! I love your videos. Is there anyway I can get a nomakeupday jumper in xl?
Dr. Jart is pronounced with the J sound, not the Y sound :)
I love you. Period. You make me smile and giggle.\nThank you! :)
Great video! Thinking of getting the jeans but not sure what length - how tall are you? :) Thanks! xx
There's a light version of the dr jart B.B. Sometimes I mix it up. 🤗
That suitcase is so cute! Def planning to get one!
Hey Anna! Do the straight leg jeans give when you wear them or do they stay nice and snug? Xx
Just ordered 2 pairs of MOTO jeans 😎 Been on the hunt for a great everyday non-skinny style, hope these fit the bill!!!
Now all I can hear is Chris Traeger saying Anne Perkins. Great video, as always!
I love your accent!!xx
The Rashida Jones Luggage link doesn't work! It just leads to their main page :(  Are they sold out or unavailable now?
I'm also a serial luggage purchaser and the Away ones look like they could end my habit! Amazing - thank you :)
I love your hair!!
I thought it was Moto as in Motorbike as in Moto Jacket? Not Motto? Have i been pronouncing it wrong for like 12 years?
what is that brush you always use to put on your foundation? i need it!
you watch Parks n Rec! have you seen Brooklyn 99 as well?? it's by the same writers <3
Great video, Anna. I love the framing of this shot. I'm definitely tempted by that pretty suitcase (but don't think I travel enough to justify it - bummer!) xx
Love the story about the luggage :) The leopard print boots are so pretty. I will have to check out the jeans too.
You are the cutest! Such a cool moment!! :) and the luggage looks awesome too!!
I love september favourites because I am do not like necessarily researching new trends so I found your videos very helpful and I really like your energy. Great video x
I found out about Parks and Rec through you, and just streamed all the seasons. But it seems like the Rashida Jones collection is not on Away anymore?
That story time was so hilarious 😭😂😂
You're just adorable! Loved the Rashida Jones moment - looks like now I'll need some new luggage as well....
you walking past rashida jones would be me walking past you tbh
Rashida Jones is SUCH a badass, how did you resist asking her to go to coffee so you could pick her brain? (Please, I say that as if I would do that - I'd be as awkward as you were in that moment, because holy crap it's Rashida Jones!)
Love your videos! I feel like we are friends haha
So, you have a book signed by Aziz Ansari, and you've met Rashida Jones.... I am so jealous!!!
Rashida Jones just gave thumbs up on this video.
Anna, can you find a slightly enhanced version of Glossier Like? Been searching!
Oh Anna, now I've got the giggles; that was suitcase story gold. Thanks for sharing! See you next time!
I can't find the pink on their website. Don't tell me it's gone 😭😭😭
such a fun story! lol
The booties are sold out in every size. Can you suggest a dupe? Thanks.
I love Rashida Jones as well. This was a really cute post. I'm a luggage W_ore as well and now I must explore your suggestions. Have a great October.
Any tips on how to wash raw hem denim? I throw mine in the machine but the hem gets very frayed which is not the look I like. Thanks!
Loved this video! The Rashida Jones story was hilarious 😂! I always look forward to your videos and they never disappoint
Love your attitude and energy!!!
The Neutrogena Body Oil feels and smells amazing. Definitely an affordable alternative to the Clarins. http://www.neutrogena.com/skin/skin-bath/body-oil/6811101XX.html?cgid=skin-bath#start=7
OMG your face as you tell Rashida Jones anecdote!! So funny! Exactly the face me and my girlfriends make when having a natter over a glass of wine 🍷
Literally got so excited for you when you were telling your rashida jones story 😂 my heart is like pounding lol. Love the video!
How would you compare the Dr Jart versus the IT cosmetics?
You Rashida Jones story is so entertaining, and the fact that you are so excited made me smile. Love the suitcase, shame I just bought a new hard case :(
Rashida is the sweetest! She came into my old job with some friends and hung out for a while. She was so lovely and we both made awkward jokes at each other. Now I just want to be friends with her!
I can't believe that you met rashida!! Parks and Rec is my fave as well! I truly believe you and I are the same Anna, love love all your content <3
Ahaha aww love the rashida jones story, I probably would've been the same as well 😝 So cool though that you met her, loved her on parks and rec!
Please so a workout video with your current routine <3
Your fan girl moment was both funny and sweet! 🤗And I LOVE my Away luggage!
You are so adorable. Especially about the Rashida Jones/luggage thing. Thanks for making me smile and well done on your charity... so much to smile about!
Liking the video before even watching it <3
Would love to see your YouTuber faves too!! I love finding new people and fellow YouTubers to watch xx
Anna, you totally made my evening. Laughed hard on your story about meeting Rashida Jones 😂 Fun fact (not related to luggage though) - Dr. Jart ‘s beauty balm formula is not the same in Korea (South, that is), the country where the brand is originally from, despite having exactly the same packaging. I live in Korea, and I am a big fan of Dr. Jart skincare range (btw if you can get your hands on their Cicapair serum I HIGHLY recommend it). I also purchased their bb beauty balm in high hopes to look like a sun-kissed beach goddess. I think I looked like my nanna’s pearls or her polished china instead. It gave me tonns of glow, but none of that bronze goodness, rather a whitish/pinkish tint 😔 which is not necessarily a bad thing, just not the look I’m going for. On a bright side- it does get better after it sits on my skin for an hour or so.
thank God! i thought you are going to take a break too!
Love your  Sunday videos Anna! The leopard print boots are still so beaut 😍
SUCCESS!!! ANN PERKINS APPROVED YOUR (her) LUGGAGE!!! <3 <3 loved the story!!  *high five*
where is the beautiful cupboard from?
Love a good story time! #LuggageTale 😂
Loved the story with the suitcases =)
The september newsletter rocked my world. Your style of writing is thoroughly enjoyable!
Love the suitcase, but the link doesn't work... I'm in Portugal, maybe that's the reason...
Thank you for telling us the jean size you are in those Topshop jeans Anna, I’m the same height as you (been to your meet ups ^^), and was sure whether to get 32 or 34. Definitely ordering the 32 now! 😊🙌🏻
I love that I'm not the only one that turns to mush when they meet their idols. X
Anna, have you tried the Zoeva Luxe PETITE Crease brush?! OMG, it's definitely my favorite brush. It's obviously smaller than the regular one you mention here, but I find it so helpful for putting precise amounts of color in my crease or outer corner and then blending with the bigger brush.
I couldn't find the Rashida luggage on the Away website. I'm afraid it's gone 😭
OMG so in love with that CHANEL toiletries bag, where did you get that and can I still buy it? <3 <3 <3
dr Jart! not dr yart please!
Are you a male to female transgender? Born a man?
You ramble more than you should.
Anna, you're lovely and I love you to bits but PLEASE... Could you stop saying 'I feel like...' quite so much?! As a listener, once you pick up on it, you hear it every single time and trust me, it's a LOT of times...! 🙉
That Rashida Jones story - I genuinely almost cried out of excitement for you. Can't believe you met Ann Perkins.
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?307689663
Hi my name is LaToya a ghetto black name spelled correctly... LMAO!!
It’s sad how accurate this is.
I love how you used the basic vlog music too
I love The Office reference at 0:24.
actually i subbed just yestrday and already watched all videos so pls consider making videos more frequently and maybe making youtube half-time job or some sort of
make more vids i miss youuu
can't tell if led or chin\nYOU'RE TEARING ME APART
no hookups *is already pregnant or has kids* \nno fuckbois \n#singlemommylife\nmy children are my world/my son/daughter has my heart\nI love the office\nI love parks and rec
The amount of girls who's bio are I only swiped right because you have a dog is staggering
I wouldn't know, I never get any matches.
You forgot  if I super liked you, it was probably by accident
yeah tinder doesn't work for me
Oh dear!!!! Makes me glad that I like dating the old fashion way
I want somebody who challenges me. And somebody I can challenge.
It's always the fat one.
Every female tinder ever: DTF?. Every. Single. Guy. We all have needs. Every. Single. Time.
Tinder likes my dog more than I do
Hi I'm Kaitlyn I love Disney going on adventures and going to the beach
A guy who's been trying to find a partner for the last few months on Tinder, I can confirm this is 90% of what I see.
Lol I just had a tinder ad played before this.
Guys subscribe me i will subscribe you back.\nYess i successfully add my comments into 80k videos😊
mfw I got a tinder ad on this video.
Quick tip; most people you swipe won't even see you on their feed. If they add a Snapchat or Instagram account, follow that instead if you are serious
Looks at incorrect spelling for possible child name...
When you match but no reply
Looking to have fun really means they're  going through  there hoe phase and the just want to hookup
Lmao where's the male version of this thats exactly the same but with pictures of fish
Hahahaaa I can only relate to the only have an account for a joke bit.  I used to have a tinder and I actually had a normal profile, except I had vinn diesel paintings as my profile pictures.  And yet I still managed to meet my boyfriend/soulmate, so hey, Tinder ain't all bad
Hiking, adventures, pictures of them being alcoholic thots, rugby, 420 friendly, dog person, trucks, has a kid, overused quotes, shitty pop music. Why are women so... Indescribably predictable and one dimensional?
I'm sarcastic. Also be sure to check out the picture of me and the drugged tiger. No hookups!
Now do one about black women.
Don't forget I love to laugh
Bears, Beets BattleStar Galactica. Best line in the office.
Tinder thought me girls boring as fuck but they want you to be funny and ect...
I'm disturbed that this is incredibly accurate
Females don't need to put work into tinder
Touch my butt and buy me Pizza 😖😖
I am a microwave
I don't know what this tinder thing is precisely but I use it to start a fire. Sounds like our cultures are similar but we thumbs up instead of swipe right.
Congratulations on making trending and getting so many views so fast!
Hopefully not the fat one
What's Tinder? Just kidding. It's like that old site called \nHot or Not right?
Upload on Sam O'Nella Academy more often please, I would appreciate it.
So Tinder is a dating app? Can I join if I'm only interested in getting my dick sucked for as little money as possible?
Always up for an adventure.... Yah, like spending our money.
Why do girls have to specify that they're not into hookups? The fact that they do makes me think that its reverse psychology haha
Don't forget the bitches who don't respond, or act super interested at first but then suddenly stop responding
That's my profile.  But you have to understand tinder is a mess and I've had to move to match. Basically you go on tinder as a woman and you can essentially date anyone of your race between the ages of 18-40. The guys there seem just as basic. Compared to on match where you actually see people based on your interests.
They're all obsessed with Gin
Most women go on tinder purely for ego boosting, they don't wanna meet up with strange men (what women does). They only wanna see how much matches they get
I swiped right and nothing happened... duped again..
Can't way to the next millennia when you post another vid
By far the best argument I've heard against online dating is, You don't go to a junkyard to find a nice, new car.
Good music for studying and more! \nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCra6VD5wenzUL-6E_92m4gQ
Oh also forgot. Must be 6'4 or taller
Got a Tinder ad before the video.
I also like netflix... and chill too! Hahahaha
Girlfriend does make up on Boyfriend!!😱😍 Video on my channel👍🏻
I'm so lonely. I have nobody to call my own.
Why is this trending Sam?
SAM COME BACCKKKKKKK
Unbelievably accurate, got my sub
lol
Hahahahahahaa nice job man
I got a tinder ad
OH MY GOD
Wow #10 on top trending
Damn\nShe farted on my dick
Swimmingly
Live.Laugh.Love.
so?
What is Venmo?
I just found Kit Harringtons old tinder! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-MHoIyW4E0&t=1s
You forgot the transgenders
Sammmmmm please moreeeeeeeeeeee
Congrats on 1million views!
Please check out my GoFundMe campaign https://www.gofundme.com/4ht28jc
So god damn true!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Smosh much?
I like dogs
Noyce job on trending m8
dick and pussy
999k views :D
Truee
Hi
Animnations on point
U just copied smosh
sucks this got demonetized
Lol too funny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zr_0WA3XxOI
😂😂😂
Sooo fucking true
Sponsored by Venmo?
999k views
almighty Sam, thanks for not making shit videos and can you bless me papa with your awesomeness? SAM bless plz.
Dude you haven't posted in a year in the main channel I need education
Yeah cuz we alll know that tinder is a website for\n\n\n\ndating
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer’s head. There’s also Rick’s nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they’re not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick & Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick’s existential catchphrase “Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,” which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev’s Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon’s genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂\n\nAnd yes, by the way, i DO have a Rick & Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they’re within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
Make one about guys too
LOL!!!!!!! \ndid you?
Punk said 'they didn't throw my t shirt back' haha
Go To Google And Type: *gamesecrxguide instagram* This is going to be the purely working instagram h@ck tool working from this month. Dont waste your free time in other methods
Blake Lively and this girl would be the perfect 3 some
Am I the only one that thinks the guy getting tatted is sooo cute and needs to be more of him lol
1:06 if she said that to me
Am I a Margot Robbie fan, well... I don't think that's the right word.
Who else looked at the still and wondered where her arms had gone?!
I'd let her tattoo my tip
Showcase Offer: Get Free apple iphone 7. Pick up a completely new iPhone every year. To successfully register and get a Free of cost iphone go to google and type: *givefonesaway*
Reese is shook this entire video omg
I can neaten it off when we are backstage. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
His toe is now on sale on ebay.
Tattooed by Margot Robbie while sipping on Harrison Ford's drink.\nThat's pretty much as good as it's ever gonna get...
One of the best couches there's been on this show!
Everything is so awkward about this video....
He can now say I got a tow tattoo from Margot Robbie
Reese seems thrilled to be there.
I’d get it
Reese really wasn't comfortable sat next to a lowly peasant. I know she has this bubbly down to earth persona but you can just tell in reality she's nothing but a complete stuck up snob.
Can this be the start of their love story ? Please please please :D
What a story to tell
Margot Robbie could chop my toe off and it would be the best thing that's ever happened to me
Harrison Ford is lucky that his training in his previous profession has prepared him for the style of acting he aspires too, he was a carpenter wasn't he?
Reese Witherspoon look like she boutta take out a knife and stab Margot in the neck
Graham looks like he taped his suit with black duct tape
whats his name the old guy
Reese is a buzz kill :/
That IT smile in the thumbnail's just creepy
Don’t get tattooed by someone who calls it a “gun”😂
Harrison Ford is done with this world
Margot is so cool and a bit weird
is that woman sitting by Margot,  the girl from clueless ?
She could tattoo me all day !!! Love u Margot !!!
Now cut it and sell that toe on eBay. Lol.
She is so cute :)
Margot robbie can tattoo me any second of my life
The new Marilyn Monroe. Sexiest white girl living
Two in the pink and one in the stink
Am I the only one who loves Graham Nortons Suit? It looks really good tbh 😅🤷🏻‍♀️
If acting doesnt work out anymore...\nShe can make a living doing that... no problem :D\nLove it btw.... Humans are crazy, and this is the crazy i love! :)
Graham Norton needs some good anti aging skin care 👴
Listen to Sure Shot by khris_krush #np on #SoundCloud\nhttps://soundcloud.com/khris_krush/sure-shot-1
Not a tattoo gun its a machine
Leviticus 19:28 Ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead, nor print any marks upon you: I am the Lord.
Who's that older guy I've seen him before but I can't quite figure out who he is
he wasn't considering if he wanted the tattoo. he was thinking how do I get out of this...
What a hot prod staff guy
would kill to let margot robbie touch my feet 😍
I bet that guy had a full-blown stiffy by the end of that..... i know I did😓😓😓
I'd get that tattoo no problem by Margo!
Get a tattoo from Margot Robbie on a popular TV show sitting next to Reese Witherspoon, Ryan Gosling, and Harrison Ford. Check.
Please know that JESUS LOVES YOU, JESUS IS LORD, AND JESUS FORGIVES. We are all sinners. We are all on our way to hell, forever. God does NOT want us to end up in hell, a place of eternal, conscious torment and suffering (Not parties). We can all live in eternal paradise with no pain and no suffering forever. It’s one place or the other. Jesus answered, ‘I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.’ Jesus took our punishment for our sins. This is a FREE gift. Many will never know how wonderful a relationship with Jesus is because they are afraid to ask. Try asking. What do you have to lose? Just ask Jesus into your heart and to forgive your sins. It literally costs you nothing, but will give you everything. God Bless.
Yoooo that thumb nail looked like she had no arm
Wouldn't be surprised if that got infected. She didn't wipe down or sanitize the area before tattooing
The look of sheer terror on Harrison Ford's face when he KNEW he was going to be singled out.
I'm a simple man, I see Margo Robbie, I click
Adam's cute 😏
I love Harley but not this women. I think I'm in love with a character 😭😭😭😭
#margotrobbie awww soooo #cuteee #harleyquinn
Tattoos are for losers
I kinda like the idea of a smiley face on the bottom of my toe.
I was like 'oh that's gonna hurt' (feets are pretty sensitive and hurts more) and when I saw his expression I knew I was right.
He could cut that toe off, preserve it in formaldehyde and sell it for *thousands*
i love of let margot tattoo my bolix not my foot....
Reese witherspoon is so jealous margot is getting the attention
Dear Producers at TGNS, please be more diverse in your guests. Week in week out your guests are white! yes you have Idris Elba & Chris Rock on this Friday I know but every other week the show is constantly white.
*please make the face harrison fords reaction a meme*
Hey guys I am doing a dissertation about lecturers using lecture capture. (recording their own lectures and posting them on university website) please please can you answer the questions, it will only take 2 mins and 7 short questions https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/NNQVYCH
Harrison ford just wants to go smoke weed
THIS IS WHY GRAHAM NORTON IS MY FAVOURITE TALK SHOWWWWW
Are you alright?\n\nJust good.\n\nGives a big smile. I swear in his mind, he's chanting that he can't believe Margot is doing to this... Doing a tattoo on his foot. It's like his dreams just came true.
Harrison’s face when he was offered the tattoo 😂... I wish he had done it
Lol Harrison Ford and all of them are awesome
Hey Graham, did you know Kit Harrington was selling his car? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-MHoIyW4E0&t=1s
Move To The google search And then Type: *gamesecrxguide facebook* This is going to be the only working facebook secret working these days. Never waste the time in some other tools
New GRWM BACK TO SCHOOL MAKEUP on my channel! Check it out! https://youtu.be/09B2r32Ed0o
That just wasn't funny at all
Harrison Ford was quite funny in this episode.
He could sell that on eBay!
Protection and Wellness. Click link: http://salusdefense.ositracker.com/65855/4820
And find out
https://youtu.be/fF8W_BDRqWo
2 OF MY FAVE BABES
armed glory illness lately construct ghost aid.
Jesus shes hot
https://youtu.be/DHWPewfj1uY see very funny video
Margot ➕ Will\nStill 🤣😂🤣😁
https://youtu.be/80wp5Rl18N480wp5Rl18N4L
Margot robbie so fine
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrxVKU1ZqG9XgOoJGbYq48Q
USA:  https://regalassets.com/a/6775\nDUBAI:  https://regalassets.ae/?id=6775\nCANADA: https://regalassets.ca/?id=6775
Witherspoon is cranky because she's Margot outshines her.
Tobias Menzies
Stupid
Damn that made for some awesome ASMR\n\n:(
division trust standard gwqnwf practical category crowd maker.
OMG Margot robbie feet yummy <3
Margot deserves to be harley quinn forever!!!
That should have been me
Go watch my vids :)
I wouldn't mind injecting some of my liquid into her
Julia💓
Watch boruto
Jp
WOAH
Are they watching?!
Julia wins🏆🏆
plz make burrito inside a burger
🍕➡️🌭➡️🍔. Make this nexy
Shokugeki no Soma is so good.
Jppppppppp
Jp
Julia won
I vote jp
No no Julia
JP!!!! WINNER!!!!!! Lol
Jp's
Watch full metal alchemists brotherhood
Jp!
JP FOR THE WINNNNNNN!!!!
;'(
Juliiaa gouliaaa
I vote for Joogus Googus AKA Joogy Googy AKA Gooey Jooey AKA Goolia
Julia gulia
Jp
JP can u make an Indian butter nann and chicken tikka gravy. plzzzz
4:33
Jp
GIANT WAFFLE WITH PANCAKES AND BLUEBERRIES INSIDEEEE
julia goooogs
giant hash brown
Eww Umm I vote Julia
Spicy Wendy's chicken nuggets
Vivid strike
JP YOU BETA MALE! WATCH TORIKO FOR FUCKS SAKE!
4:33 julia's moan 😏
vrv is awesome
Jp
jp won
Do momos.............Please
make giant mooncake
Make giant Reese's puffs
Do ASMR cooking
Ugh i h8 these ppl
Giant jalapeno poppers
Whatever you do\nDo not try it at home\nMe:TOO LATE
i vote for julia
you have to watch detective conan.. and can you make  Egyption food plezz
NOPE - thats not a full hot dog! ... DO A CLASSIC HOT-DOG with bread, pickles, sauce, etc. - AND THEN do it again with the beef.
Holy shit this guy is obnoxious 
She won SO HARD JP
Doesn't even look good
I remember when this channel actually made real food.
i wanna have JP's bacon hamberger dog insted of julias
For the beer cheese you show that you use Kraft extra-sharp cheddar but when you  poured it  in the bowl it looks like Target pre-shredded cheese? Who are you trying to fool?\nYa'll say that this recipe calls for cornstarch the last I remember my cornstarch in my cabinet looks like flour not like yogurt?\nBy the way my boyfriend and I love your channel we're just curious on the things that we saw in this video? Please respond? Lots of love from Western New York keep it real
Who els is getting hungry?🍱here is food
Honestly, I'm just curious if you guys can handle making a giant hot dog you can cut into slices like a hamburger.  This looked delish tho =P
0:27 Julia might not approve, but Gordon Ramsay would.
I vote jp his looks better
Cheese burger hot dog is a winnner
I say both of you guys look good
Julia is actually so hot😍😍
O>O FOOD WARS IS BACK! *runs to watch premier*
LOL *Shreds sharp cheddar* \n\n*Uses preshredded cheese in a bag in the next clip*
I want both of them tbh
15 cuts in the first 30 seconds k
Do flys inside ice cream from rick and morty for a Halloween edition
Hey guys you should make a giant burger with pizza topping!!! :)
I just want that giant pretzel filled with beer cheese, that's all.
2:09 \nClearly julia is not used to that siza
all their videos are now jokey Instagram food videos, not a fan.
I like Julia version
DO A GIANT PIZZA ROLL NEXT
MAKE A GIANT CANDY CORN
This reminds me of the time I went to Sheetz and got nachos with chili and cheese and got food poisoning and missed work for three days. \nAnyways cool video!
Hi Heathyjunkfood  I'm Francisco and I was wondering if you can make a fidget spinner cake and a fidget cube cake 🎂 😀
Does anyone actually season their burger meat or is it just me?
It looks like a Turducken and both
i voted jp but...............(slaps myself in the face)NO WE ALWAYS VOTE JP)
the free trial dosent work
You are both winners. I kinda need to eat this!
Can u make this show with out the Chinese guy???
Julia has boobies so she always win's lol
0:07 what kind of stuff 😐
;-; not available at my country
Just so you guys don't embarrass yourselves infront of your English audience (and because we brits are wierd). It's not prounounced 'Worcestershire' just pronounced 'wuster' (like mustard but without the d)
Can you make a giant cupcke 😊
What if can make a  giant fried oreo
You guys should start a restaurant. It would be a dope restaurant for Florida
Please make the Georgia Gold Sauce and Chicken............PLEASE   !!!
JP , I challenge you to make deep fried Mac&cheese stick with a burger inside it , with cheese sauce BUT  LOWER  than 2,000 calories 😏 \nJulia is gonna beat you chicken 😂😂 \nGood luck ❤❤
IDK how you dont get fat if you are eating these. sorry for my english im for Czech.
Julia's version attracted me more, so I voted for her altough JP's version was interesting.
Do a peach cobbler wrapped in something
Jp they are making s soses
its not yet available in our country :(
i vote both i would eat them both simultaneously
You must see dragon ball super because this Saturday \nLimite breaker goku the spirit bome kioken x twenty goku vs Jirin and it not just one episode it's two episodes a one hour special you must see who hear is going to whach it
Usually when JP makes weird things I totally agree with Julia but this time.... *drool*
I know who wins its Julia I am a boy my name is Mike
Please make Arby’s meat mountain
My teacher said to my I'm a failure, that I'll never amount to anything. I scoffed at him. Shocked, my teacher asked what's so funny, my future is on the line. Well...you see professor I say as the teacher prepares to laugh at my answer, rebuttal at hand. I watch Rick and Morty. The class is shocked, they merely watch pleb shows like the big bang theory to feign intelligence, not grasping the humor. ...how? I can't even understand it's sheer nuance and subtlety. Well you see...WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB! One line student laughs in the back, I turn to see a who this fellow genius is. It's none other than Albert Einstein.
💋💕 I lоve sех and i lovе tо suck. 🔞🍓💗 if yоu wаnt mе , Сomе on mу сhаnnеl аnd we'll talk аbout our meeting. Thеre are mоre intimate vidеos.👙💗🍑
In the episode Rick does say that he only has a certain amount of time to live to Jaguar he most likely measured out how long he be able to live with pickle brine in his brain
It can also be assumed that Pickle Rick has lungs, seeing as he used a Cigarette while he was on the helicopter.
How much is a smekel
Hmm... hmmm.... hmmmmmmmmm... I'm going to put together a grant proposal to transplant a human brain into an avocado.
Rick can make a suit made of a rat head and roach parts, tony Stark your move.
People actually look for a deeper meaning in this Rick and Morty show? There's no real science or hidden meanings. It's just a cartoon, losers.
anyone else caught that community reference?
As an overwatch fan that’s very true about how it’s salty
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Film theory. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer’s head.
mat i dont want to boost your ego or anything but literally what are you so funny for. i laugh at nearly everything u say . i hate it
Does anybody think that evil morty is actually a rick ?
Your voice makes me want to kill myself
Absolutely my favourite collaboration of all time
It went from fnaf, to rick and morty. milk it more dad
what if rick turned his human parts into pickle version, but they work just as normal you can see is eyes and teeth are green, hes is the smartest man in the world after all.
Hey, Morty it's me LOOK
Feel bad for Dan Harmon , he got divorced
This was awesome!!! Dan Harmon was a hilarious addition for the video
This was such an innovative way of ranting, I love your editing style! I look forward to more great content
You forgot one fact. When he was in the helicopter with jaguar. Rick said his daughter was five minutes away and had eight minutes to live. What if the salt poisoning would kill him after a few hours. The entire episode took place in an hour anyways. I mean think about it. Also I should be in ur next rick and morty video. I have ft and skype
anyone else as pissed off that he <or anyone else> refers to himself as a Rickle?
i cringed so hard while watching this
What if all the main organs were in the body but very small so the bullet wouldn’t touch them but were in a second layer of skin so the high amounts of salt would not effect it sort of like a pickle costume but rick has no limbs also sub to my channel I make awesome beats
Is that actually Dan Harmon
this was Awesome! Dan is awesome xD
How tf did you get DAN HARMON on the show.
7:37 lmao😂 did matpat call Dan Stan??
Did anyone else notice Shawn Spencer from psych
Who did the captioning.
Nice salt joke m8...
PIIIICkLE RIIIIICK \n\n\nNo ok
It is fruit
hey how do super heros get rich
My kinda episode
Insert your overwatch players are salty jokes here
Literally ripped off the research done by chabnel frederator
Can we put the backing track music in the part when they talk about the rat brain over rick beating the shit out of rats
Sir, It's called a misleading graph
UggHGHGHhghg now I'm gonna be paranoid all night. I'm frequently scanning my room for cockroaches, and I've swatted my leg once already thinking a hair was a cockroach's antenna...
So if you like Community so much, why not make a Community Film Theory? You can't tell me you never questioned the things Abed does.
You kinda spoil a bit to much in your videos
Why was I removed as a subscriber? Oh wait thats right, Youtube algorithms written by a room full of chimps with typewriters. Love your content hopefully youtube gets these issues resoved or a serious competitor bursts through from the woodwork. You and your viewers deserve better.
pickle=fruit
I'm avacoto riickk
Wow this vid is cancer
Hurrrrrrrrrrrr cancer
You made an excelent show ther 😆
#sixseasonsandamovie
13:05 overwatch reference lol
But can a dead rats brain control some disimboied arm legs just by being connected through the nerve thing
watching game theory randomly i got to this video, but im not sure what is this now.
But Rick and Morty isn't a film
Nope the sewing needle would be to thick to conduct a current strong enough from the brain over a piece of metal that thick. let alone the fact the needle would need to be insulated. An obviously you watch ice poseidon
Is that Shawn Spencer at 6:36?
He mentioned the live streams LMAO 😂
Good channel but the worst intro song
Why is mat pat such a huge unfunny unoriginal piece of shit?
were you live im gonna shoot you dont act like i was lieing i said i love you mary but fuck doug i started tripping like i said something wrong bc i studdered when i said fuck
Please ask Dan if they can have Rick and Morty appear on Robot Chicken!
But in the episode Rick says he has 8 minutes to live (and blah blah blah)
Got rid of my TV years ago... And Adult Swim requires a cable provider to watch online?... Yeah... No... Let cable TV die.
After watching this episode a lot ( I might be exaggerating a little bit,) I found one thing that (I think,) disproves your theory. Pickle Rick would need a separate nervous system to control his muscles.
CLICK THAT LITTLE BELL THING
...getting into the nitty-gritty of what makes Rick and Morty not only the funniest show on TV, but also the smartest\n\n\nlost connection to god
Ok so we waited for the finale and now we know nothing about evil Morty.
That cockroach research is funded by the military, insects make very good spies, but also delivery agents for bio weapons.\nConsider being able to infect a cockroach with a bioweapon then deliver it to source.\nWhilst in Asia , I was actually researching controlling insects vis solar powered CPU's , but I got bored and looked into forensics instead.\nReally I need to get back to my main interests in bio controlled weapons.
Wait, did Dan Harmon really come on this episode?
Actually salt wouldn't cause cells to retain water because if you take in too much salt there would be a concentration gradient. The water would pass through the semi-permeable membrane to equalize the concentration between inside and outside of the cell which would cause the cells to shrink. The only way that the cells would retain water is if there are a lower concentration of solutes(such as salt) on the outside of the cell. Since his brain is human it wouldn't have a high concentration of salt inside of those cells which would cause them to lose water.
M a t p a t A n d D a n H a r m o n
Hey film theorists if you read this comment reply to it because I have a theory you could possibly use about Gravity Falls including  bill and a conspiracy with someone in the normal world trying to kill him. Trust me it will sound better if you reply because then I can safely find a way to tell you in full detail this theory.
he snapped the neck of the first cockroach, so it would be impossible for the head to control the cockroach legs, duh
14:42 can you drive I don't have a car
its a fucking cartoon.... why y'all make it seem like this shit is real and that the characters have a real life.
Pickle Rick is like the cockamouse from How I Met Your Mother
Hey Fellas! This Is Awesome! I Got 𝔽𝕣𝕖𝕖 $𝟚𝟝𝟘 𝕊𝕜𝕪𝕡𝕖 ℂ𝕣𝕖𝕕𝕚𝕥𝕤 Here – >  #Claimanygiftcardfrofree
Its a fruit🍏🍎🍐🍊🍋🍌🍇🍒🍑🍍
Scribblenauts doctor or scientist
MatPat just killed the pickle rick memes... A normie killed a meme once again.
#avacadorick
Avocado Rick!!!!
Do a theory of mr pickle
I have one last nerve and you're tap-dancing on it MatPat...
Want to make MONEY FROM HOME TODAY GUARANTEED get started here IT WILL change your life click the link and GET STARTED TODAY https://BestEasyWork.com/eionismylife
So sad to hear that Dan Harmon is giving up the entertainment industry for a career in cockroach mind control. Inevitable I suppose.
I have seen sooooooo maany Easter eggs that its not even funny.
If only the season finale actually had anything to do with evil morty, although I only watched it one time through
11:13 Can we just appreciate how Mat has a degree in neuroscience but he devotes time to make outrages theories for the sake of our entertainment?
wouldnt the blood brain barrier keep any sodium out?
always nice to know I'm not the only nerd who spends time overthinking my entertainment, cheers!
Didn’t Rick address that he couldn’t stay a pickle forever when he said he couldn’t stay a pickle forever and had to get back to the meeting just to change back to human which would address the fact that his levels of sodium are too high and he would not be able to sustain it anyways?
Fuck off and stop being a retard.
Dan put me in I live in hawke road I wanna be a new child with morty pleaseeeee
14:27 DAN YOU LIED TO US
what if rick just protects his brian with the flesh of rats or something
Ew, normies ruined rick and morty
Yes, but how could a simple american cockroach lift a pickle which would probably be many times heavier than the cockroach itself?
#do da bell thing
Y u use overwatch?
Which of these 5 designs is your favorite?! 💅
You should do Poppy inspired nail art!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm Poppy.
I LOVE USING HOUSEHOLD ITEMS FOR MY NAIL ART!
The dry marble looks very bad
i once used newspaper & rubbing alcohol to make the coolest nail art:)
i love watching your videos cuz i do it on my nails
I love theese vids💓💗💗
Why is Hannah's voice so hypnotic XD it's so relaxing. Anyways, LOVE these! I will be trying the first one. Friends are gonna be jealous
Cute...but how do you keep the fuzzies out of the nail when you use a q-tip?
Hi love the art design💅🏼😍👍🏻👍🏻💕
WHERE ARE THE HOLOSEXUALD
notification squad where are you!?
good
u are grate
Awesome designs.
Nice
Thanks! 💖👍🏼
Awesome nail art
💜💜💜💜
Very nice nail art
Happy 3 million!
just wow! too much awesomeness here!
👏👏👏👏
Pls do more
😠😡👊👊👊👎👎👎
Early squad! 😂❤️
😍😍😍
Cool
New designs yay 💗💘💟 love you😍
14th comment
Pretty!!! 😀👍👍
160omg
❤
# early squad
Hi
Firstttt
hi i was wondering i an next mounth doing a thing i madeup called nailnovember and i was wondering would u like to do it to its like inktober but with nail art?? also i love this vid
I liked them all!
HOW YOU CAN HAVE SUCH BEAUTIFUL NAILS
💜💜💜💜
So pretty !😌great job Hannah👍👍❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
These designs are amazing
Lovveee it! ❤️
Hannah do u really bend your pinky finger while doing the nailart??? Bc it’s never visible 😂
I like the 2nd and 5th design.....
The design with the little finger I liked the best ♥
Pls say how to do it
Can someone tell me what brush she uses towards the end to clean up polish around the nail?
Hannah, i really like ur natural nails💖
Can you change your profile pic
This is so helpful!
What a nail art
I like all of them 😍😍
i absolutely love the heart one it's beautiful
Looks at her nails think OMG they are beautiful, then glances over at my dry bitten nails......\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIs anyone with me?
Absolutely loved these! You honestly inspire me to do nail designs that I probably would never think of! My favourite design was the gradient glitter 😍
Always love ur videos..u guys always come up with some unique ideas and the best part is that it’s easy..😀😀
Omgggg this is soooo beautiful nails colors . I love it 😊👍💖💅
These are all really pretty..........
Love the acid wash I never saw anyone do that. And the painters tape idea is genius! TFS
I HAVE AN IDEA, MAKE YOUR INTIAL AS THE DESIGN WHEN DOING THE ACID WASH! NOW I HAVE TO TRY MY IDEA HAPPY POLISHING E1
I absolutely love the first one, and the holo one. They all look amazing! I love your guys' videos so much, and I do a lot of your design ideas! 😁❤
That SH Pink Glitter Polish is my go-to toenail polish, year round. I love it and it looks amazing in the sun! Great video!
Make a birth day nail art
Hi sandi
My favourite is the heart stencil. ❤️
I am wearing that heart design in my nails right now❤️❤️❤️\n\nAnd i used the same method,it works
What is the name of the green Zoya polish used. I don't see it in the description box.
One of the first comments! Love your vids. Keep doing them!
Which tape u use make heart shapes
I tried cutting the heart shape but did not come
My names Hannah too💗💗💗
Woah! Best nails hacks ever!!!
Nail goals!😍
yey another great video
Super cute designs! 😍
Think these look SOOOO Cute!! Luv u ❤️
Nice designs!!😀Hannah!!😀
Please reply??
These are all so beautiful but easy designs ❤️❤️😍😍💓💓😊😊🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Heart design is the best!
I think they're all adorable!! 💅🏻❤️
Lemme think?? 🤔🤔 Nope can't find any mistakes in this vid Good job 👍🏽🎉
i love the first one. it is an amazing idea
OMG I LOVE IT!
I really looooooooooooooove household items nail art! Any chance you can make more of these?
See this is why you don't have to buy all of those expensive tools. Loved the vid. Helped out sooo much
I just LOVE this 😍💕
This vid is so helpful.. hannah always inspires me to do something different.. luv you hannah.. u r so cute sandi❤❤
OMG nice  you are the best 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😙😙😙😙
i love the heart stencil one and you used sandi's line for the topcoat hehe <3 <3
I will do the last one : purple and pink ! Easy and beautiful !
I like vids like that. Hello from germany
Pretty designs.\nLove them.😘
How to clean the brush??????!!
You are such an inspiration to my friends and I. Here in the last two years I've started having painful muscle spasms in my back. The doctors I've seen can't figure it out, but your build a ladder advice has helped a lot to keep me positive. Thank you so much! I hope you have way more good days than bad days in the future!
I know these days. <3
I don’t have chronic pain and I always think I have bad days... Now that i’ve seen this video, you have really inspired me to appreciate the little things in life ❤️ Thank you
Hi, Martina, Have you ever considered or tried long water fasting?
You inspire me with your strength
I suffer from ruptured discs in my neck, fused discs in my middle back, and ruptured discs in my lower back. I have severe sciatica to the point where I can barely walk, sit, or lie down. Feels like someone is stabbing me in my hip and calf while walking on a broken ancle. I drink too much because it's less issues than most pills. I don't  eat much...I've lost 40lbs in the last two months. I live in the US, and can't get help. No one accepts medicaid (and if you check the US news, it's  getting worse). I can't  seem to get disability for some reason.\nSo I'm in pain almost constantly and have not had a pain-free day in a long time.\nMy dog, spiced rum, meal replacement drinks, V8, a TENS unit, and a Chinese menthal rub is saving my life. Ice packs and lots of NSAIDS help too.\n I feel your pain, sweets.
Just for you guys info, I love you two so much. You guys are so inspiring <3
Thank you so much for sharing this with us Martina. We all love you so much and hope you'll keep building that ladder, together with Simon and all of us!
You’re such a sweetie!!!
Wow. This video was somehow way more applicable than all the dozen of other videos and articles I've seen over the same topic. Thank you!
Love you Martina, the world is a better place with you in it. Hoping things get better, much love to you and Simon <3
Really glad that you share your life with us. Thanks for taking us along with you even on a bad day. Lots of love to you both.
I suffer from chronic lower back pain. Your ladder theory is nothing short of inspiring. The way you put what you're going thru and how you feel into words for us all to understand and even relate to, just freaking wonderful. Love you girl! \n#PiggyPiggyComfort ❤
Martina, you are such an inspiration to those of us who have an affliction.   Thank you for sharing your strength and insight.  I appreciate your openness that everything is not always butterflies & rainbows. that reality can be a bad day, to acknowledge it, and build a ladder to get thru it.  thanks again. Love & Positivity from Monterey, CA
Thank you Martina ❤️ You are a beauty inside and out. You both inspire me. Simon, you are a wonderful and supportive husband. Love you both x
Martina thank you for all of your videos about living and dealing with chronic pain, depression, and invisible illnesses. I too have multiple invisible illnesses including (but not limited to) chronic pain, depression, and anxiety. I discovered your channel a 2-3 months ago, and I am so grateful that I did. You have given me a renewed hope that I can actually live my life, instead of just surviving it.
Thanks for sharing the ladder and your humor. Good steps for anyone dealing with the pain or tough days. Thank you. You are using your situation to help others. Blessings.
You are amazing Martina - I like the ladder thing, I've got to start thinking about it for myself on bad days.
Best thing I’ve seen all day. I’ve been using this because I’ve had some really hard days with my life struggle. I do not have the condition but I and my boyfriend have really bad anxiety and depression. Can’t tell you how helpful this is. Thank you Martina and Simon!
You are incredible. Beyond incredible. There are no words. Thank you for sharing this with everyone.
I do my makeup and wear crazy wigs. I started a Instagram called bettedaviseyes84  for makeup and cosplay. I'm by no means a expert but I find expression helpful for my pain and also for stress.
You have no idea how much I needed this today, but you just saved my life. My EDS has been getting so bad, and the world has been taking its toll on me, something really bad happened today and I was thinking of ending everything tonight, I promise I won't I'll fight like you do. Thank you
thank you for being you!!!!!
You are a warrior girl.💗 thank you for sharing. Love ya'll. This was a great video and I know how hard it was for you to make it but just know you are helping so many who are going through the same thing. Prayers sent your way
I'm so glad to have watched this today. I'm having a particularly hard week and day. I've had two back surgeries and have fibromyalgia,degenerative disk disease and hurt like I have the flu and hit by a bus every day. I have twins who are two and they are the reason I get up that ladder every day no Matter how much I hurt and cry. They and my Husband have been my rock. Stay strong Martina! We love you and adore your strength,positivity,and energy. Thank you for Sharing with the world. Thank you for helping me #buildaladder
Martina you are so inspiring. I don't suffer from chronic pain like you do but I do have some bad days with depression. I love watching funny shows to get me out of my own head and focus on something cheerful instead. I don't know if you seen these shows, but two that I keep going back to are Brooklyn 99 on Netflix (it's a comedy cop show starring Andy Samberg) and the kdrama Strong Woman Do Bong Soon. Check them out, I hope they help you like they helped me <3
I love you Martina ❤️ and thank you Simon for being her rock. You both are so strong and I love you guys so much ❤️
Thank you martina, this meant to me more than you could ever imagine  ㅠㅠ
Love your videos. And even more so on ones like this. U are so brave for putting ur vulnerability out there to communicate such an important msg about mental health. And the braveness is not just ur act of posting the video but also the strength that you carry on day after day to climb that ladder. The world needs to see more of this!
Even without pain as excruciating as yours, these steps are good for anyone who is having a bad day. Thanks for sharing. It's important.
Videos like this are so important for both people suffering from things like this, but also to those who want to help. My girlfriend has chronic illnesses of both mental and physical kind, and seeing how Martina and Simon love and support each other is inspiring me to be better both for my beloved's sake and for my own. Despite things being difficult, despite mornings where you cry because you don't want to go out but have to.. things can become better thanks to the smallest things. \nThank you.
I´m looking at you Martina ,and all i think is how lovely and strong person you are. I´m really gratefull i know people like you two. Thank you for sharing your story and for being an inspiration. There are no words to describe how beautiful this planet is to me. I love watching the sky every day and i love being surprised that it´s never the same. ^^
I don't really comment on videos but man Martina. You are such a trooper. And Simon. You're such an amazing husband :')
Thank you for doing this
Im glad and proud that you made this video because it brings invisible disabilities to attention. Everytime I go to a Doctor that doesn't specialize in joints or arthritis, they don't even know what it is. I'm glad this has been brought to attention more. I'm nervous for the future of EDS, but you make it seem like I can fight it.\nThank you.
There are black KT tapes you can find on Wish (the app)\nfor like $4 USD :D save more with strong tape and different colors\nMartina you are amazing FIGHT ON
Thanks for this video.\nI suffer from chronic fatigue, which is probably less painful than your condition. \nLearning languages is the thing that keeps going. \nI wish you all the best! 화이팅 ^^
I was surprised and incredibly happy to see my own face in this video. That alone was another wrung in my ladder. Getting support from people I admire and  love watching and who make me laugh and happy is great. My mental health is the worst it has ever been but I’m working every day to work through it. Making appointments with different specialists and counselling and group therapy so I will have those wrungs already in place if I start to slide back down the ladder. I love you Martina and I’m so proud of you for continuing to fight even when the world is trying to make you give up. WEVE GOT THIS! Let’s kick these invisible disabilities BUTTS!
Thank you for this video. This was incredibly beautiful and motivating. I know when I'm having a bad day I just stay home and sulk. Martina, you are my role model, and now I'm going to start building my own ladder ❤❤❤❤ thank you
This is an incredible and brave instructional video.
I love you guys so much. 💜 You are my relationship goals!!! I’m so happy you guys build each other up and that you are willing to talk about these things. I have lost so many people to depression and suicide, but I also struggle with this daily and watching you guys help me so much! Together we are making it happen! #buildaladder
I just came across you video, and my heart goes out to you!  I started having pain in my feet, knees and hip joints for about 2 years.  I decided to try cleaning out my diet and see how it went. I stopped eating Dairy, Soy, Gluten, Peanuts, Corn, Eggs and cut down sugar a lot.  Within 1 week I was sleeping through the night, and the pain disappeared completely.  I hope any information here could help you, Blessings!
Go back to your own country.\nMental issues is so hard to fix up.
I have PTSD and going to work and playing video games, getting in a constant schedule allows me to be a bit more normal. It helps me get out there and live life a bit more.
I have chronic pain in my jaw joints, so i can hardly eat sometimes as my jaw dislocates and so i starv myself to avoid pain.  To build a ladder for myself i have some goals everyday , like making at least 3 people smile, giving heartfull compliments etc, being helpfull despite people not always being helpfull and understanding to me. I also make a lot of art when i have energy, painting pictures and trying to sell them online. My pets can always save my day too ^^ Sending lots of love to you Martina ♡
Hi Martina! Hope your day gets better. I looked up to you for positivity and cheerfulness. I know it’s difficult. It’s great that you have Simon as your constant support too. You can do it Martina!! 😘😘
Thank you for this.
Thank you for making this video ❤ I need to find my own pig hat!
Thank you Martina. When I experience anxiety I try to be thankful with what I have. #Buildaladder
The overwhelming feeling of being alone in my struggle is what hurts most about my chronic pain. I'm undiagnosed at the moment. I love you and Simon so much for sharing your journey with us. It helps to remember that I'm not alone and I can do it because someone knows how I feel. ❤
Thank you so much for sharing this Martina! I have chronic back pain and I definitely have days like this. This really helped me. 🙂
I couldn't help it tearing up from the very start of the video. Thank you for showing this side of your life. You are beautiful, strong and inspirational. Simon is a blessing. Please stay strong. Hope new developments in medical will soon help keep the pain more bearable if not cure the disease completely. 💪💪👏👏
Martina it's absolutely incredible seeing you pull yourself out of these bad days. I am really thankful that you had the courage to make and share this video with us. ILY!!!
Thank you for sharing such a personal aspect to your life! ❤ Today was a really hard college day for me; I'm going to use #buildaladder to help me stay positive when school and life gets too overwhelming.
Martina, you have such strength. You have given me inspiration to pull myself out of the dark when things are wrong.
I get that athletic tape for my back and it helps a little. Having back issues at sixteen isnt cool. You're extremely strong! Don't forget that!
Martina, you are so strong and such an inspiration to me!  I also have chronic pain and depression, and you inspire me to build my ladder and just take life one step at a time.  Think of all the people who are still going because they were uplifted by your kindness.  My husband and I love you and Simon, and we have really changed our outlook on life thanks to your videos.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you guys!  <3
I can't write much because of pain, but thank you for everything. This video and the one about depression have changed my whole perspective about life. Stay strong and keep fighting. Much love <3
ohhhhh my martina QAQ this is the first time I leave a message down here.All I wanna say is, MARTINA you're soooo great girl, you gave me so much power pulling me through my hard time that you can't even imagine, and you encouraged me so much not afraid being  different at school. THANK YOU MARTINA AND BE TOUGH GIRL! LOVE YOU
Hello -- I don't know if I've ever left a comment on one of your videos, but I've been watching them since the beginning. Thank you *so* much Martina for sharing this. <3 You are amazing and strong and I'm sure this took a lot of courage and vulnerability. \nI don't have chronic pain but I do suffer from moderate to severe anxiety and very frequent panic attacks. Your ladder metaphor resonates a lot with me, as does your suggestion of looking outward instead of inward on the worst days. This can be different with panic, but it really helps with anxiety and depression at least for me. When I have another day when my mind is trying to prevent me from leaving my bed, I think I will watch this video again.\nAlso, you've inspired me to leave my house for the first time today, to go to the gym no less!!
Wow, you are one amazingly strong Lady.
I like to crochet, and watch Netflix  when my Prosthetics bother me. Getting a coffee and going to the library if my legs aren't really bad is great too.  I like to surround myself with things that make me feel beautiful or are just fun. I love cheesey 80s music especially when I feel like this.
This has helped me so much!
I have dysautonomia. On most days I'm perfectly fine like any average person but with an extreme heat sensitivity. On days when its bad I have chronic pain, dizziness, bouts of fainting and collapsing, my knees give out, I have a constant fog on my mind making it hard to work, and it aggrivates my depression and anxiety. It makes it hard to get out of bed because I fear fainting, but what kills me most is that it is so hard to do basic tasks and makes me feel useless. This video made me feel warm inside. I recently was in a hospital because I collapsed on bricks and had to be given fluids to build up my blood volume. You inspire me. Thank you so much
keep fighting :)
Thank you for being an inspiration. this brought tears to my eyes because I know how dealing with chronic pain can affect your life. Watching this has shown me was to fight to stay level headed on my down days. Your heart shines bright.
I havn't watched Simon and Martina's videos in a while... And I found this video. I feel so sad, I remember about 5 years ago, I was in a pretty dark place. That's when my childhood friend introduced me to Kpop, and later on, your channel. It may seem stupid, but all these happy, cheerful and colorful music videos reminded me there was some happiness in this world. I had a reason to get up in the morning, I wanted to know what my idols were up to, I wanted to watch the new eat your kimchi video with the pink haired woman. :) All of that to say, I'm so glad to see you building ladders, Martina. I think you're a very admirable and generous person, for managing to find positivity in the little things around you, and for sharing it with us all this time.
I have fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, C & L spine issues, and depression. I just wanted comment to this video.Martina you are a beautiful, amazing, & generous. I don't like to use the word 'strong' because society likes to measure your worth by now much suffering you can handle. Thank you for making this video. So much useful information and ideas. I know that I am not the only one that found a few great ideas to improve my daily live.Keep rocking the colorful hair. Right now I have black and purple for Halloween. Love the piggy plushies. Mine is a Appa from Avatar the last air bender.
Just recently created this new channel but I've been following you guys from the early days of korea, my heart goes out to both of you! Thank you for sharing
Even though most of us aren't there physically to be with you, we are emotionally. We support you Martina (and Simon) and the true Nasties will always be here. :) Keep fighting.
there are moments where I feel so low, so stuck in place and I think What would Martina do... She'd fight through the pain, she'd make every day count, she'd build her ladder.\n\nThere are days where I feel frail and useless, and my coworkers shame me for calling out sick because they are much older than me, and I'm calling out sick. But they don't deny that at work I'm diligent, resourceful and the person most of them go to for advice. many of them have told me I would be a better manager then are current, but my personal days are keeping me back from this. I nod and accept that it is a problem, but the alternatives would be worse in the shorthand.\n\n\n(graphic story below)\n\n\n\nOne night I got about 3 hours of continuous sleep. The whole day I had been dealing with cramps and the worse migraine to date. I drank lots of honeyed green tea, and chicken soup. but I felt like my energy was draining me. I just wanted to sleep.  so I figured that'd help out my migraine. so I went to bed around noontime, and if you could guess I never fell asleep. the first hour I was passing in and out of lucid dreaming but my conscious would wake me to a shooting push of blood. I knew I was going to have a heavy menses, the days I get a migraine are my warning. so I went to the bathroom cleaned myself and redressed my pad. I took a tally of the about of pads I used in an hour to average my cycle, and this one was the heaviest I have had yet. I went through 4 Alway's 'orange overnight' slim pads in in 6 hours. After supper(which was steak and salad) it got heavier then the oranges would carry, I swapped to the purple thick pads and i went to the bathroom every half hour for clots/tissue. it was to the point where I felt hopeless cleaning so much blood from myself that I began to question Would I have to do this again tomorrow? How was I going to explain this to a male boss? maybe I could ask for the day off. Since I work with food, I can be rushing in and out of the bathroom every hour to clean my period waste. That was the first day  I stayed home due to Menorrhagia. I went to my doctor about it and she wanted to prescribe a birth control for it. we went through 2-3 weeks of different pills each one making my period longer or more cramped. then I asked if we could stop the pills, because they made me feel sick. I worked on my diet and exercise for 3-4 months to see if that would help. and it persisted. I gave up sweets forever, which lasted a month....\n\nThis all happened before i found simon and martina. before i learned my pain though it is real. is a drop in the bucket to others.
Thank your so much for this. It really helped me. I still try to move the spotlight to positive things.
Martina, i am so sorry that your so much pain, but i just wanna let you know you are such and inspiration for me, i think of you so much when my depression is all like Stay in the bed. But i think martina can do it why can't it. YOUR A BEAUTIFUL QUEEN AND I HOPE AND PRAY FOR YOUR DAY TO DAY TO BE PAIN FREE AND BISSFUL....p.s simon you are the most amazing support system. \n-much love and good vibes from U.S. new jersey
Building a ladder today. It's been a rough month but this video has helped me gain perspective and have a new coping tool. I suffer with chronic migraines, secondary to several brain and spinal issues. You are incredibly helpful and I am thankful for you.
Thank you for making this video this really inspired me and helped me understand other options I can have to deal with my bad days!
I seriously want to cry. Thank you, thank you so much for making this video.
Thank you, Martina, sending love and lots of gentle hugs... 😘
We love you so much Martina! Stay strong
I really admire you Martina, your strength and joy in life make me so happy to be a part of this channel. Keep building that ladder!
Thanks for posting this.  It really did help me.  I'm still trying to switch doctors right now because the one I have right now is so frustrating and never takes me seriously.  For two things that were nothing to her were actually endometriosis and a tail bone that didnt fuse properly.  I'm beyond frustrated and feel like I need better care from my doctor.  My gynecologist after surgery had the nerve to say to me So it wasn't in your head after all.   I can understand your pain when trying to get out of bed in the morning though.  I can barely leave the house some days because I don't want people looking at me weird, but I keep trying on the sort of good days to get out.
Thank you so much for this. Love from Argentina
You're such a strong and beautiful woman Martina! Thank you so much for making this video, it means a lot to not only me but everyone else who has watched it. I know it must not have been easy to talk about it and just get through the day. But we're here for you! (and you always have Simon, too) :D Sending lots of love and hugs to you!
I absolutely love this video. It applies to everyday life. You're such an inspiration for sharing this, being vulnerable, and spreading the idea of building a ladder. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I could go on all day long till the sun comes up on what your problem is go take a few pain killers you be ok bc i know for a fact the painkillers is both your problem and your solution \nIf you do tomorrow what you did today youll get tomorrow what you got today go ahead and add that step to your imaginary ladder
This moves me more than any other of your videos.  Happiness is easy.  Pain and torment are tortuous.  As a member of the 2nd, I thank you!  Life must  be balanced.  Nothing I can write can help you.  But I'm glad to know that you're not alone.
I hope this doesn't offend you guys but have you tried marijuana to help with the pain? I know the leaves and flowers are illegal in japan but cbd should be allowed. I watched a buzzfeed vid where Kelsey [who has trigeminal neuralgia] found relief using Charlotte's Web which you should be able to import or have someone send you since its technically cbd. :( it makes me sad seeing you in pain Martina i hope you can find relief soon
You gave me great advice for me to help cope with my anxiety and depressed moods. Thank you for making a video like this. You are so strong and I am rooting for you to be mentally healthy even through the pain.
I think you are so sweet and down-to-earth Martina. I hope you can find someone to help you with your chronic pain. You are blessed to have a faithful, fun and supportive husband in Simon!! Just a thought, have you tried oriental medicine doctor? In the meantime, I would like to share https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhGI0X6jhSQ this link with you. God bless you!!
)))))
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
mARTINAA.. PLEASE GET WELL <3
❤️❤️❤️
♡
<3
Thank you Martina
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
Lol bruh I would just kill myself honestly fr
Thanks Martina
Thank you...
I had a patient while working in a dental office here in Illinois, and she suffers from Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome as well.  She didn't think I'd understand or would be empathetic to her circumstance, but because of you reaching out I knew what to expect.  I appreciate you explaining and helping the community!
That made me happy
The second spear looks hurt
Liberals think this is child abuse.... Your going to jail now!
No kids were hurt at the making of this video.
Good way to get the kids tired and off to bed early. RKO into a pillow, nighty night lol.
I hope WWE sees this and gives y’all free tickets or something!!!! 😊
I was waiting for your video, and it was AWESOME\n\nSee you next year =D
When u know cuteness trends on YouTube
Hey you know all those disclaimers in WWE that say Please, Do NOT Try This At Home? They'll be the reason you get to pay out of your own pocket for your child's medical care for the rest of his life once he is paralyzed from the neck down cause his dumbass dad thought it was cool to encourage him to imitate pro wrestling moves even to the extent of jumping off a ladder. Great parenting. Remember these videos when you try to sue WWE for your heartache and medical bills.
Some quality father and son bonding right there !
I wanna to see a Swanntom bomb off the ladder.
We had pile drivers in our day. Now we have pick up wheel chair basketball games on the weekends if anyone is interested.
When the kid was shaking his hands, priceless.
Cant believe there is no perfect parent comments about how this is abuse etc
That little boy looks so happy!! Ohh wait... that's the dad!
So, this is once a year..
Lmao this guys such a good dad
As a parent this really angers me you should be ashamed of yourself......... it's no way in the world I would've let him hit me with the leg drop from the latter I would've jumped up into a rko
508 people clearly don't have kids
G.O.A.T. video, end of story, get out.
A 20 second video #20 on trending🤦‍♀️
Nice mate you really cracked me up
When mom goes to the store
I knew he had it in him, the older guy had no chance.
This is gonna be my brother and his son 😂😂😂 OR EVEN DAUGHTER
When i was a kid ..I used to do this with my younger brother every day after dinner ....🤣🤣
Did... the kid hail mary before he jumped off the ladder??
Why is this called annoying? He looks like he's just having fun with his son
Admit it wrestling fan, you did wrestling some moves to your son more than once.
“I’ll set up the camera, son. You get the ladder”
Best part was that last slap one
Hopefully you monetized the video. Put the money in his college fun
To be continued: September, 2018
haha this is so cute\ni like the hair flip at the beginning 😉
The kid in the thumbnail is about to get a football head.
The Beast System is the Church System... All Church's,Any Denomination, They all are part of the beast system. Pastors feed sheep polluted bread so they continue to look for spiritual highs.. Many People when Jesus comes are gonna say didn't we do miracles didn't we heal or cast out demons but Jesus is gonna say depart from me I never knew you because you were told that God's Law was the Old covenant and that going to Church on Sunday is sufficient to go-to Heaven. THE CHURCH SYSTEM ANY CHURCH IS A LIE. GOD WANTS US TO OBEY HIS COMMANDS AND BE THE CHURCH!!! COME OUT OF CHURCH SYSTEM AND RELEGION AND INTO GOD'S LOVING ARMS!!\n\n\nRevelation 18:4\n\n4 And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues\n\nHowever, the Most High does not dwell in houses made by human hands; as the prophet says:\n\nProverbs 7....
I once did this with my dad and it was awesome until I punched him in the balls.
Bless you dad!!   I thought that was absolutely darling!!  \n0:08  When he made the sign of the cross ..........Awwwwww!!   Really made my day!!
See you next year guys!
This time plz don’t wait so long to make a new one
Dad of the year award goes to THIS GUY!
What part of do not try this at home do u not understand
This is next gen parenting. I have a 5 year old son and 1.5 year old daughter. I need to step my game up.
Khali vs hornswoggle..
Сударь, пройдите на диванчик
Loollllllll
Eddie guerrero
WWE is fake
Awesome
Coolest dad ever !!
Made it to YouTube Trending 🏆▶️👍🔥
In b4 child abuse comments
cutest thing ever
iPhone is safer.
EPIC!!!!!!
Kinda dangerous but also very cute.
Love it!
Awesome
OOH MY GAWD
520 mothers dislike this video.\nTut tut tut.
i miss my dad...
I broke my toe! \nhttps://youtu.be/kfs6KRw4Q18
WWE
Ахаха👍 Cool👍
Child abuse takedown
Lol
Daddy o five lmao 😂
That RKO is awesome
*DAD*\n*GOALS*
GOOD DAD  nice job bro 👍🏽 but\nYou got knocked d fuk outttttttt!!!! Lol
Like https://youtu.be/_xDIa6WPbWw
Lol
好可爱
A++ for parenting!
Tyrone magnus
😂
JOOHHHNNNNNN stamos
The kid cheated...
*BATISTA BOMB* ... BATISTA BOMB *INTENSIFIES*
braunnnnn!!!
f*ck the Patriarchy!
Master piece
Good music !\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCra6VD5wenzUL-6E_92m4gQ
Reported for bed abuse
The rko🙌🏽🙌🏽
Can't wait til Sept. 2018
BAH GAWD KANG, THAT WAS A SLOBBERKNOCKER!
So cute ☺️
That spear gets me every time😂
Trending on Youtube!!! #16!
Somebody send this to Vince mcmahon.
I loved the jumps!  And the soundtrack!  The last jump looked like it hurt though lol!
I swear I've watched this at least 100 times!
Is the bed okay?
If i was a dad id be that guy
That's great reminded me of when my son was young, great times. Thanks for posting it, that made me smile.
Uhhhh.....yeah.....why is this on trending?
soundcloud.com/crazyiqgenius show love so i can show some back!!!
This is just perfect !
Mmm the father has beautiful looking soles
Dear Ryan \nCan you do an Empire Parody after this. And can you play the role of cookie lyon. Thanks 😘
Dear Ryan can you make how to act like your favourite actors 2.0
The first one was made eight years ago
Dear Ryan, can you make a pizza song?
How to be Emo 2.0
Dear Ryan can you do another park course
How much does it costs to make one of your video?
Dear Ryan can you do a parody of it's everyday bro
how to be emo 2.0
They are better than Jake Paul's everyday bro !
3:51 We always do that .....
Dear Ryan , can u do a nerf gun trick shot  video?
weird. right before this i was watching all of your old lip syncs and how-to's archive and when i come to check up on this channel, there's a sequel lol i can't believe i've grown up with nigahiga
Dear ryan how to be nerd
Bro if they wrote a diss track they would destroy a poor mans
THIS IS BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL
Dear Ryan can you do Human iPod 2.0
Dear Ryan The Thunder song into a rap
Dear Ryan please make how to be emo 2.0
How to be emo next??
I love how he purposely put his thumb over the DVD and then moved it out of the way
Dear Ryan, Can you make another BgA song?
Dear Ryan can you remake how to be emo
How to be emo
How to be Emo 2.0
This was hilarious! Fantastic job as always
Do how to be gangster 3.0
Dear Ryan do a 1v1 basketball game with ricegum
Dear Ryan, can paper be a weapon?
Dear Ryan, How did you come up with your channel name?
How to be Emo two
Dear Ryan since when did you started wearing ear rings?
I saw sean in costco in sacramento!!! I didnt say nothing cause i was too excited
The kids a savage
Dear Ryan can you do How to be Emo 2.0?
remake how to be emo
Dear Ryan, What is life?
Dear Ryan can you do a prettiest feet challenge??
Dear Ryan, Is your real name ryan
Please do how to be emo 2
I could not stop laughing after you two started floating XD
Do an I Dare You To get a sandwich filled with \nHOT SAUCE ALL OVER THE BODY!!!!
Dear Ryan,\ncan you tell me the origin of So leave your questions in the comments below and you could be responsible for the next video!
Dear Ryan higa can you do how to be a  nerd
You should be up comedian
sTiLl bEtTeR tHaN something im too lazy to make a good comment
IT'S BACK BAAABBYYYYYY!!!!
Omg 😂😂😂 Dude you have style. first time watching your videos.
How to be Emo 2.0 please
Dear Ryan can you do a reenact of a medieval war and ride your pet dogs as horses.
Dear Ryan.\nCan u make a video about punny gifts I can give to my teacher?
Dear Rian can you make how to be emo 2
Dear Ryan can you make how to be EMO 2.0
How to be emo
When Ryan didn't post a video today[°=°] When he does ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). When I'm bored (+_+) (Dear Ryan can you drink a water bottle in 5 seconds?)
Dear Ryan, can you cover or react for BTS’ songs hehe 😁 Both of you and BTS are my lovies! 💞
Ryan will you do a Colab with Liza Koshy?!!!!!
You're about as gangster as McDonald's is nutritious
fuck you terms and conditions
How to be Emo 2.0
Dear Ryan, can you do a video of how it looks to live in a trash can?
I lost it at 0:50
Dear Ryan can u make a cover on the famous Kpop dances
Dear Ryan,\nPlease can you do a parody of Marley and Me featuring Marley and Rocket with someone else being a dog.
Dear Rayan can you make a video on how to be Regina! I've been following her mornulin rultin and I'm trying my best in  becoming  ANNOYING .😙😙😙😗😗😘😅😂
HAHAHA I just found the EveRY University Store on Redbubble and bought a ton of merch I'm going to wear to my new university in two weeks' time
3:50 look closely....he is truly being gangster by breaking the rules of shaving.....
How to sing like your favorite singer 3
You should do parody of its every day bro just saying
dear ryan can you make IT parody ?
Do how to be emo 2.0
Hi can any one subscribe to me please, I will sub to you!
Do an I DARE YOU video again plz
Dear Ryan, plz do an IT parody
*Dear Ryan, can you remake How to be Nerd?*
You should make a DISS TRACK
What instruments they used to make that rap song?????
XD
Blease views my videos and subscribes
Things that ruin thanksgiving
16 on trending!
Subscribe My chanel
dear ryan emo 2.0
Dear Ryan, remake Epic Meal Time
Bring back parkhourse
That kid is adorable omg
that fucking nostalga
hey guys, check this out https://youtu.be/joaq13YavgY
What they say: aye \nWhat they typed: yo
YOUR VIDEOS NEVER DISSAPOINT
What does teehee means
Dear Ryan, can you make WW1 barfight
How to be Emo 2.0 XDDDD
daily life of rustin hieber 2.0!
WHERES THE BIG GREEN BALL
Congrats on 20M subs! Luv your vids❤️💕
Waited 10 years for this doe
Dear Ryan, do a I dare you with joshPalerLin
Stupid ... not relatable
Whats the music?
I didn't watch this but it's still wrong
The organizer of the 'No to Marxism' event was a transgendered woman, who was attacked physically by ANTIFA and chased until Police came to their rescue. Plus at that same event they physically threatened and assaulted a comedian who was dressed up like he was selling peanuts. Just within the past few weeks recently ANTIFA members were caught on camera at the most recent Berkeley event talking about that they had gathered firearms and knives and were going to attack and murder people. Which several of those individuals had been under suspicion of planning attacks and Police were investigating them. ANTIFA are fucking Marxist terrorists, and that is undeniable. They call for the deaths of Police and attack anyone, including liberals, who won't support their violent beliefs.
i can't stomach watching the whole video defending antifa. and quoting the SPLC really everyone knows its the lefts attack dog labeling everything a hate group. poorly done
This video is fucking so ridiculous. Cracked is on crack. I’m going to work and when I get back I’m going to list everything wrong with this video. This guy is a fucking idiot and clearly supports Antifa, I’ll say it again he CLEARLY SUPPORTS ANTIFA.
I love  these videos but I often feel like the only ones who watch them already agree mostly with the material here. Unfortunately I don't think it will reach many alt right groups
categorized as comedy :(. your my only news source love your show
Also, as for your life hack, if it's the nazis vs the communists and I have to choose sides, I'd tell them they are equally collectivist and equally retarded. (Cause they are)
remember cracked is so pro pc they think the orcs in lotr deserved equal rights lol
When you use the SPLC as a source, you automatically lose the argument
Property destruction is bad and sometimes looks extremely dumb. *Man tries and fails to push over public trashcan*
Interesting that you would identify certain tactics as right wing.
“Never believe that anti-Semites are completely unaware of the absurdity of their replies. They know that their remarks are frivolous, open to challenge. But they are amusing themselves, for it is their adversary who is obliged to use words responsibly, since he believes in words. The anti-Semites have the right to play. They even like to play with discourse for, by giving ridiculous reasons, they discredit the seriousness of their interlocutors. They delight in acting in bad faith, since they seek not to persuade by sound argument but to intimidate and disconcert. If you press them too closely, they will abruptly fall silent, loftily indicating by some phrase that the time for argument is past.”\n\n\n― Jean Paul-Sartre
How the fuck do these Nazi's not realize that being a Nazi, is bad. I ask any educated individual in in seeing distance who is easily the worst man in history almost immediately the response is Adolf Hitler. I really wana sit in a room with 1 of these guys and pick their brain. I wana see idiocy at its core.
Antifa's rhetoric is violent. Nazi rhetoric is violent. These two groups are in the same category. Stop apologizing for either one or having a pissing contest over which is worse.
Just saw the Vox piece, which makes some good points, but I wish they had acknowledged the Cracked video, which is better. Actually, I hadn't seen a Cracked in awhile. The last part of this video using Sartre is incredible, and chilling. Thanks.
Unfortunately, many people today do not really understand the very serious danger we're facing as literal Nazis are marching in our streets, with the de facto support of our president no less.\n\nThey're more concerned about a very hostile and angry response ot this threat, because they don't want to believe we're in any actual danger. The mainstream (white) media doesn't want to see the forest through the trees and recognize  the increasingly dangerous presence rising against minorities. \n\nThey'd rather pretend we live in a world where systemic racism doesn't exist, and the white supremacists are a fringe nothing group that aren't a real danger to anyone.\n\nAnyone who genuinely sees Antifa cause for MORE concern is most likely either on the side of these Nazis, or lives in a privileged bubble and has no interest in seeing the reality of our situation.
this isn't even jokes, it's just straight up 20 minutes of pro-antifa propaganda.\n\nI'm not even a trump supporter, and I would be quality as pissed (if not more) if Cracked.com did a 20 minute pro trump piece.
Cracked is so overtaken by SJW retards they can't be trusted at all. I almost typed anymore... but...  this is fucking Cracked. Were they ever trustworthy? Maybe in 1990 when they were publishing Batman parody comics. \n\nAntifa IS fascist. They are exactly the evil thing they claim to be against. Just like fucking SJWs are FOR injustice, biogtry, racism, and sexism... all the things they claim to be against. Just putting something in your name doesn't make it true. Consider:\n\nThe National Socialist Party. Not Socialist.\nThe Grand Old Party. Not Grand.\nThe Democratic People's Republic of Korea. Not Democratic. Not for the people. Not a Republic.\nThe Democratic Republic of the Congo. Not Democratic. Not a Republic.\nThe Holy Roman Empire. Neither holy, nor Roman, nor an Empire.\n\nSJWs and their Marxist allies Intersectional Feminists, Black Lives Matter, Antifa etc. are a horrible blight on society and need to be called out for what they are. Unfortunately both the media and Cracked seem to get this wrong.
And leave a comment that says you didn't watch the video but it's still wrong some of y'all got Called Out
Interesting that Vox posted their own take on mainstream Antifa reporting titled Don't fall for the antifa trap 3 days after this one went up.
I'm just going to put this here https://youtu.be/RmNz2jGzsDA
You are sighting the Southern poverty law center? Seriously?  So you cite a leftist hate group who makes its living off of calling anyone who disagrees with radical leftist ideology a hate group. Nice. First Patriot prayer is not a right wing group you foolish little man. Second most of the people in it aren't even white. Third, why hasn't your beloved Splc labeled antifa a hate group? The government has labeled them a terrorist organization. You quote the splc but nothing from the actual group. Doesn't sound like you did all your homework. Pediatricians are also considered a hate group to the splc. Antifa is violent, Patriot prayer is not.
I do not support any type of ethnic supremacists! Defending Antifa makes you part of their group which has been deamed a domestic terrorist group. The facists of the future will call themselves Anti-Facists -Winston Churchill
hey left wingers....this minority want you to kiss his ass....im talking about me so kiss my ass cause I'm oppressed
You can't brush of conflict with the Nazi side Is always worse. When the Nazis actually had power y'know what side was more evil\nStalin\nAnd currently Nazis have little power and caliphates along with communist terrorism kills far more than current neo Nazis
Even better than After Hours. Contend with my opinion gently and respectfully.
You are a liar and this is fake propaganda; here is why.\n\n1) The People's Republic of North Korea... think about that... North Korea calls itself a People's Republic and claims to be democratic. So... that's about as accurate as Antifa, who actively try to police what others say and try and implement a single party state where in said state has complete control over the society, declaring themselves Anti-Fascist.\n\n2) The SPLC declared Pepe, a cartoon frog, a hate symbol alongside many other groups which have nothing to do with hate.\n\n3) Muslim is not a race, it's a religion. You can no more be racist against Muslims than you can against Catholics. If you see brown skin and think Muslim then you my sad little friend are the racist for making such an assumption. Oh and there are a lot of white Muslims too, just fyi. \n\n4) The guy who attacked the Muslim woman was a Bernie Bro... you going to lump all of them in with him too?\n\n5) The extreme leftists are attacking people over words... yet it's a false narrative that the extreme left is violent... uh huh... \n\n6) Those who are on the side of free speech call these Nazis you showed, the legit Nazis not the 99% of people you call Nazi (like myself, a left leaning Radical Centrist,) idiots and constantly say they want nothing to do with them. Why don't they punch the Nazis you might ask? Because they don't believe that violence is an appropriate reaction to Nazis plus they're, I should say we're, smarter than you and know that if you punch Nazis, they get stronger. \n\n7) The left started the violence which is why free speech rallies and Trump rallies and what have you now have an infestation of Nazis, because it's hard to tell who is who when you have a mass of black clad Terrorists, legitimate terrorists as declared by the Department of Defense back in 2016, are hurling shit at you, screaming that you're *ALL* Nazis and trying to beat the shit out of you. Simple fact is it's hard to tell who is and isn't a Nazi as dishonest intellectual midgets like you use that term as a catch all; it's gotten so bad that I, somebody who abhors Nazism and see it as second only to Communism in wickedness, actually have to stop and think hey, maybe I should see what that guy is about when I hear somebody called a Nazi because people like you have turned the word Nazi from what it was to meaning anybody who isn't left-wing and isn't afraid to say so. \n\n8) It's not just that Antifa is violent, it's why they are violent that makes them totalitarian. They want to control speech, they want to keep people from expressing their views, they want to tell you what you can and can't hear, what you can and can't think. They are violent in opposition to words that offend them and believe they have, or should have, the right to shut down said words. \n\n9) Antifa has been a recognized terrorist group since early 2016, and before were simply unrecognized. They spent a whole year being completely *IGNORED* by the Media and the President (Obama at the time) who was briefed on their violence and told they were a Terrorist organization who then, when confronted with a petition to acknowledge them as such, said with a straight face (or a smile rather) that the White House does not declare what is and isn't a Terrorist organizations and dismissed any notion that Antifa were violent thugs. During the election Antifa was still ignored and when they would attack people at Trump rallies it was reported as Violence erupts at Trump Rally or other such headlines and would often paint the Trump supporters, who were outright the victim in the majority of such cases, as the violent ones. They continued to enjoy this level of media coddling all through the campaign and even into Trumps presidency when they rioted in DC and then continued to attack people. It was only when it came out that they were declared a terrorist organization damn near two years ago that the Media *FINALLY* said even a half unkind word to them and yet still there are more mainstream outlets *SUPPORTING* them than there are those calling them out on their violence. \n\n10) The Neo-Nazis weren't attack people before Antifa started up, you can go back to Yvette Go-Fuck-Herself attacking a person who was merely holding up a sign way back in something like 2015. This is not a defense of Neo-Nazis, on the contrary, they are fucking scum... as scummy as Antifa. However, they were a particular brand of scum that had been rendered damn near irrelevent until you scum cropped up and gave them a legitimate grievance by making yourselves momentarily even worse. Yes, the Nazis have now caught up to you and are being violent again but there is a reason they call the current right wing reactionary as it is all a reaction to your lot. \n\n11) That study didn't differentiate between mainstream media op-eds and more obscure ones. To compare CNN to JoesOpinionBlog.Tumblr.Nobodycares.Com is quite intellectually dishonest.\n\nAt this point if you don't see why this guy is a propagandist... you're too stupid to educate. Goodnight.
The shilling was great. Good goy very impressed. There will be no gulag for you. Amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmNz2jGzsDA&t=3s
this is fucking brilliant
peace-loving right wing sounds like an oxymoron
Where is your patreon?
This is the only journalism worth a damn right now. This episode deserves a Pulitzer.
Many, many times, when someone, in the crowd, threw a bottle or rock, eliciting a police crackdown... the persons who initially threw said bottle(s) or rock(s) are undercover police. Who have been attending protests undercover for... decades.
Hahahaha!!  What?!!!!  The media is too hard on Antifa?  Yeah, that's the problem.  And too easy on those who Antifa is calling Nazis?  You are the best... NOT!!!!
Yeah, pretty much this entire video is biased, cherry-picked propaganda bullshit. Damn Cracked, you guys used to be good too. Sad!
While I agree with the wrong headed slant that these journalists take, I feel like this video tries to hard at being antifa apologies . You could have done exactly what you want the newspapers to do; report on, don't pick sides on. I get the knee-jerk reaction to hate the 'evil right-wing-diet-nazis'. Antifa are no better. Anyone who can't settle differences with words during rallies or protests just shouldn't be there. Period. And you, reading this, are free to disagree. That's cool! Everyone is entitled to any opinion, so no hate. I just feel all sides should be judged pretty harshly.
I know this video is not to suppose to be pro antifa but you have to admit that it's feels like that. Neo Nazis are shit but antifa is shit that doesn't smell as bad. The lesser of 2 evils is still evil.
So, basically, violence in the political process is okay, as long as it's liberal violence... got it.
I really like Some News. The extent most media go to try to balanced and fair in a clearly unfair scenario is infuriating.
Brilliant and well informed as usual! Keep it up please!
Well done in describing a 16 year old kid as a scum bag, for trying to use pepper spray to protect his farther (who was the old man being attacked by Antifa).  also during the beginning of the year all the news media was praising groups like Antifa for protecting peaceful protesters from the EVIL Alt right, what this actually meant Antifa rioting to prevent one person Milo Yiannopoulos from speaking for being a Nazi (even though he is a gay Jew who loves black dick).  im not trying to say the right has done nothing wrong, but in recent moths and years the left has been violent, strawmaning, Cry-bulling, A-holes, the type of people who crys to the techer that your bulling them and then beats you up everyday cos the techers beleve them to be the victim of you. and i know your leftist comidens, but please the least you can do is take the piss out of both sides, after all everyone to the right of me is a Nazi and everyone to the left of me is a Communist.
dude your entire arguement gets lost in all your derailings.
If you know what fascism is then you would know that antifa is more fascist than anyone or anything they fight against. \nThey are also terrorists by definition as they are clearly and openly willing to use violence or threats of violence to pursue political agendas.\nThey are also racist because basically everything they say is blaming everything on white people and declaring white people to be evil based on nothing beyond the color of their skin.
I've been scared to watch this show (fearing it would be all sides are bad - ish) even though I've always liked Cody & his views but this is really good.
Is this your best attempt at comedy fake comedians
So... the way to cover stories about antifa is to... not cover antifa?
Thank you for the life hack at the end - useful litmus test! :-)
Antifa does counter protests, so they are way more violent. They are the aggressors. You cant just assume that white nationalists are evil and violent.
God damn, sometimes this guy is just right on point 👌🔥
antifa are evil and nazi,s are evil as well
Hi, I'm a commenter who thinks this video is about defending Antifa. I'm also a far right/alt-right/Nazi sympathizer who likes making poor counter argument. The point of this video flew over my head because I was thinking about how I love to suck on big furry animal balls \nThats all I see in the comments
More info about FBI letter to King. Not as simple as you think.  \n\nhttps://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/11/16/magazine/what-an-uncensored-letter-to-mlk-reveals.html
didn't the SPLC call Pepe a hate group?\n\nAlso, The other guys were pieces of shit too is not a very good defence of Antifa
Cracked, keep your political views to yourself and just be funny.Oh and all the people in those groups should be put to death.
many young men died in wars to prevent communism from spreading. I mean, now it's just stupid looking back on it now, it would never had reached the US. Until now
Aaaaaaaaannnnnndddd I will never watch another cracked video again. To actually try to justify the actions of Antifa is insane. And YES THAT IS  WHAT HE IS DOING. He literally said We have to keep countering their protests. But what about Antifa at the Ben Shapiro Speech? Where were the nazis then? Ben is an Orthodox Jew, so I'm pretty sure he's not a nazi or white supremacist. \n\nLet's be honest here - Antifa is a bunch on misinformed, stupid, violent thugs who want to silence those opposed to their insane ideology. \nNot unlike...\n\nNazis.\n\nThe difference is that I don't see many people defending nazis, like this asshole defends Antifa.
It's good to kill nazis..
Believing in the value of a Nazis life is Nazi sympathesizing.
Sartre is actually the embodiment of the horseshoe theory. He held that information about Gulags should be suppressed to keep the French Communist party unified. His quote is entirely accurate, of course. But it's worth remembering that the Horseshoe theory is useful.
Excellent video! A lot of work and patience, really well put together.\n\nI don't really feel the need to criticise violent protestors. They're punching Nazis, and that's OK. You can argue it's bad for publicity, but I've never seen a news headline that said\n\nNo violence at this protest, I guess antifa are correct and the Nazis are actually bad!\n\nYou can't win against a rigged media just by being passive enough. If it's not sensational, it'll just be ignored. So keep punching Nazis, and don't worry about the news.
I'm not able to fully convey my existing disappointment with you because text lacks the necessary capability to express both sarcasm and distain.\nYou're an asshole.  Fuck you.  \nNow that the expletives are out of the way, why are you so invested in defending black-clad masked rioters?
It's always funny to me how I always hear Americans talk about other countries with less freedom as if we're better than them. Yet our freedom is slowly being chipped away a little more each day and only a few people seem to notice. And when you point it out, people verbally attack you instead of seeing the truth.
James alex field jr. did get arrested and put in jail you liar
As this video got longer, I expected the piling on to get old.  Instead it got more and more incisive and profound.  Great work Cody, particularly for exposing the fraudulence of the right wing's alleged quest for free speech.
Alt right alt left... Fuck em both think for yourself  be a decent human being and take care of your family.... Dumbasses
Preach! They know exactly what they are saying, it's all about the rhetoric baby...
God bless you, Cody. You're doing the Lord's work. :)
I just finished an argument of Antifa being the good guys...cause the other side is full of crazy nazis. \n\nI'm starting to like this homeless looking guy. 👍🏻👍🏻
AntiFa is a terrorist organisation. Please don't try to paint it as something else.
LOTS of bullshit in this video. The guy who attacked Muslim girls in Portland was a radical leftist. He was an anarchist who was apart of the homeless community. He was a HUGE Bernie supporter and was one of the guys smashing cars with baseball bats during the riots after the election. The reason he attacked the women on the train was part of a dispute between factions over money. The homeless/anarchist faction vs the muslim refugees. It was a message to the Portland authorities, the Democrats, who control public housing and resources. During the midterm election the democrats even let the homeless army take over the sidewalks and parks. It got so bad the city was covered in a constant haze from out of control fires from homeless camps. Murders, rapes, and kidnappings have become the norm in Portland. And this guy was just a piece in the puzzle. Don't try to peddle your lies Cracked, Anonymous is watching.
Anti-Trump protesters facing 80 year in prison??? Is the US a communist state???
It’s a bit clumsy (and wildly offensive) to still identify with blood soaked Nazi rags when it comes to the Right’s quickly growing ex-liberal base with the ex-liberal, now Populist Trump as the head of that beast.
I attempt to provoke a violent responce, you hit me, I'm in the wrong. Thanks Southern Poverty Law Center, you intellectually dishonest, disgusting, fucking leftists.
I really hate this dudes tone.. always.. so hard to make it through a video. Also sources would be nice for some of these things.
They are technically fascist. As they tend to attack people who disagree with them.
Cracked, how to defend a terrorist organisation. \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I--9IHfM_Xs
i really wanted to give this to you -- the rest of your think-piece had excellent points which i will abide by -- but still, you had four major failures:\n1) you kept confusing the various parts of these two fringes, alt-left and alt-right: antifa and neo-nazis are the violent elements of these groups, sjws and white supremacists are the ideologues, and communists and fascists are the inevitable successors of these movements; the violators, the ideology-obsessed, and the probable future generation are very much not mutually inclusive: so stop saying that antifa may have fair points, because they are defined as the criminal subset of the crusade that you think may be justifiable.\n2) speaking of clandestine groups, you also conflated hoover's fbi with the modern fbi. had you bothered to look more deeply into the classification of antifa as a domestic terrorist group by the fbi and dhs, you would have found out that this event occurred during the late obama administration, and that it is only the news of this that occurred under trump: the change is not recent. do your f*cking research, cody.\n3) everything sartre's quote and your additions said about anti-semites perfectly describes black-bloc antifa, such as being able to remove their costumes to rejoin society, yet you declined to mention that in any way whatsoever, besides a fairly general statement that broadly it's about hate and where it comes from and interacting with its purveyors.\n4) of these applicable statements, the matter of civility-sans-context news particularly needs to be pointed out: you mainly contended that the news has a fixed prejudice that historically has specifically chastised left-wing fringe violence while overlooking or moderating equivalent/worse violence from the political right. however up until extremely recently e.g. even as late as charlottesville, antifa had some mainstream support in america: previously journalists were writing editorials to justify the left's violent extremism, claiming it was the only effective deterrent to nazis, with a few even voicing their allegiance to antifa in their twitter bios. the news obviously just has a wandering neutrality bias, whose equivocating tide has simply turned now, and while you did touch on this slanted impartiality, it defeats your main argument.
Excellent video. I like it a lot. Keep up the good work, Cracked.
White supremacists:  Wants to ethically cleanse the United States through genocide or forceful deportation in order to create a white ethno state.\nAntifa:  Wants to beat white supremacist asses.\nI oppose all forms of extremism but in no universe are these two sides equal.
This is cringey garbage.
A hypocritical video from hypocritical people.
Fuck the antifa faggots larping as bolsheviks.
fuck off commies
I love you, Cracked!
So well done!
Love Antifa
Fuck WaPo.
Fuck your whore mother for raising a spineless faggot.\nKill yourself you bitch!\nAntifa are terrorists
What a dishonest video.\n\nFake News.\n\nCracked defends terrorism.
Thank you.
Doing good work Cody
http://www.opnlttr.com/letter/crackedcom-and-their-poor-coverage-antifa
Antifa apologists need to just hang themselves.
BRING BACK EXCESSIVE POP CULTURAL DISCUSSION!!
Antifa did vegas.
Smug fart sniffing going on here
I'll save you 23 minutes of your life you won't get back watching this love-letter of apologist drivel for domestic terrorism, here's the abbreviated version:\n\nCody thinks that Antifa's domestic terrorism and violence is ok because other hate groups commit violence too...
I really hate that this is turning into a liberal channel really debating un subscribing Don’t give me wrong liberals can have factual evidence but there is so many things just in this video that are on factual it’s almost scary that you’re actually feeling this out into the community you’re doing this on us to everyone’s knowledge on these issues
Canada need to arm itself with nuclear weapons, America has been taken over by the Alt-Right. We need to use the same strategy that France uses which is to have just enough weapons that no nation will attack.
Brown was mad cause he has himself on his fantasy team
*HIDE YOUR COOLERS, NOBODY IS SAFE*
The cooler deserved it
**Sad trombone plays**
That's a suspension for hitting/tossing a defenseless player
Its spreading, first Odell now AB, when will the madness stop? #CoolerLivesMatter
This needed to be posted?
AB will propose to the water cooler next game
Big Ben on the decline
I never seen ab so mad and frustrated
Don't turn into Odell please AB.
This better be talked about on all the sports shows since they always do with O'Dell
He was wide open & Big Ben didn’t see him. & all of the sudden maybe that’s why he’s mad
can't blame Antonio. Wide opened and Ben throws an incomplete pass
Todd Haley almost got stole on lol
LMAO
It’s a about passion mothefuckas that’ never played will never no how it feels
everybody talk bout browns lil spat on sideline if it was tom brady o he just being competitive ya smh
Would you be mad if you were wide open on the other side of the field? Just curious
Sorry guys.
Child in a man's body....maybe Ben is a racist....?
Get that man the ball!! #tonytoetap #GOAT #callGod
Man ppl are dumb this is part of the competitive fire that gives AB an edge. He cares about winning. It was a huge missed opportunity and those moments are super frustrating for any athlete that wants to win. There’s a reason he’s the best in the business #businessisbooming
I did the same thing because I got ab on my fantasy team lol
I understand he was upset but to pull away from the coach and throw a cooler is not exceptable
I don’t blame him, Ben could have gotten 6..
I don't see this big deal here. He lost his temper, so many players do the same thing, they just throw their helmets instead.
me me me me me me me me me me me me me I's the best me me me me me me me I's want Mangini and Kapernick with me here with the Steelers so all us showboats along with  A Bell can be on same team together.  Me me me me me me I's the best, team play not important to me as I's the best, i's the best i's the best!
You think AB is frustrated by that play  -I had both Ben & AB on my fantasy team goddammit  -that play would've been a 70-yd TD that would've scored me like  20 points or something.....Why do these NFL teams over-think football so often?  Err, we have to operate our offensive system, we have to go through the progressions & reads hurrr durrrr   -Brown is maybe the best player in the NFL, just look for him on every play & stop overthinking it.
that really was a terrible decision by Roethlisberger and he wasn't even under pressure
Don't worry. Nobody was watching.
I love it. Big Ben is terrible thus far.
Anger management
What a baby
When AB gettin' nothing, you know Rothlisberger is on the decline.
keep the rich super slaves under control,....right?
Jimmy smith had him on lockdown
The cooler kept its cool though\n(Thank you, I'll see myself out, etc)
Some People Take a Knee. Some People Throw a Cooler. \nThe Struggle is Real!
He's mad cause his barber canceled last minute :/ AB didn't look as fresh as he always does
Its ok when Brown does it but when Odell does it, hes a baby, and he complains too much!!! Makes sense.
Tbh, I'd be angry too. He woulda scored if Ben saw him.
This was just too funny, but All I can say is it's AFC north football. I mean things are gonna get heated what do you expect. And AB is a competitor and he probably knew how much that TD could've helped us since typically when we vs the Ravens those games are usually decided by 7 points or less
It was just the black coming out of him, nothing new.
I've watched Mike Tomlin teams look progressively less imposing, year after year. Even Ben said last year, regarding the Patriots What rivalry? We're the little brother
Take a knee for that kooler.
What a jerk its not like that caused them a loss. Get well soon Cooler.
Antonio is a competitor he wants to be the best he can be he trains hard and studies hard to do his job and when you do your and your wide open for could have been a touchdown it's heartbreaking.
Well, if you can not make a play on the field (get on TV).  (Get on TV) Make one on the sideline. :)
I think his teammates were clownin' him the whole game for some reason. Watch the full game, they all did the signature AB first down drop
Its Enough Clear out this coaching staff.
shouldve been a TD watched the whole game , Handle that better Ab go to yo QB and say yo bro im open take yo time dont snap on yo team and yo OC . disappointed in u from that .
Man this is gonna look bad for him and the steelers organization. First not showing up for the anthem now you're best player is acting like a fool. C'mon now guys this isn't steeler like
I guess Antonio never dropped a pass that could have been a first down or touchdown.
He just mad he didn't get to twerk in the endzone like he usually does.
Ben on the decline FAST.
What was Ben looking at!
If this was Odell everybody would be like he a crybaby
Did everyone already forget about how the falcons blew a 25 point lead.
when will he propose to the cooler?
Now he needs to fight Josh Norman to be the new Odell Beckham
The cooler was wide open as well
This is what happens when you devote your entire life to a game that elementary school aged kids play in the backyard.
Pathetic. The dude is being paid millions and yet he acts like a little kid
The moment you realize your offense is more dysfunctional than the Browns offense. Life as a Ravens fan. 😞😒
Maybe he should take a knee to bring this attention to ben
Antonio Brown having hoe problems. 😂
Is throwing a temper tantrum really necessary?
Antonio T O Brown
Ben is just not using Bryant and brown well...his got big time players...but not using them to the full potential . ..i hope he retires ...his done man
Looks like he's mad at the police and military to me.
that wrong man he did nothing to you... that cooler had a family
I wouldnt want Haley touching me either.
Roids do that
better him than Odell
Thank god for Julio
Hes such a baby
Soft
oof
DUDE Dont become ODell Crybaby ..... Keep the skills loose the Tantrums ..
Just another self-centered monkey.
They're called the Pittsburgh Steelers, not the Antonio Brown's.
antonio brown needed to cool down but he keeps on knocking over coolers. #coolerlivesmatter
Like that before
Brown is prima-donna just like Odell Beckham.
Crap
first
Just another overpaid child throwing a tantrum for not getting his way. Poor big baby
If Odell is immature then Antonio Brown is what.......?
Every right to be angry.  You are the best wide receiver on the team.  You should always be the first option.  Big Ben is declining.
“Ab is better than obj because ab doesn’t throw tantrums”
He is too expensive to have on your line up and not consistent.
Acting like Odell?\nJulio jones>Odell and Antonio brown
I'm taking a knee for water cooler oppression and Steeler brutality.
What's the NFL?
I would have made sure he wasn’t open
Steelers are crybabies
I already know no ones gonna talk about this, BUT if Odell gets mad no no that’s mainstream news all over social media
Beyonce is not for this song. Sorry :(!
I'm so happy that American artists are exposing themselves to more Latin music. The fusion is TOO DAMN GOOD :)
Ummm, did anyone else see diplo in this video, I love diplo.
Wooow!! I love this song!!! It makes me dance salsa and samba !!! 💃💃💃
Who keeps getting the freaking happy death day advertising before this actual video starts
If anyone is English do you think is good or a bad remix? 🤔
Wow I haven't expected beyonce to sing in spanish ☺
who are the two guys at 1:00 ?
Take off Beyoncé if this song didn't get famous she wouldn't be in it
Who is that old guy at 2:07? i swear i saw him before
MEXICOOO BE ON THE TOP 🇲🇽❤️💚⬜️
What does Azul r u with me. Mean??
DON'T UNDERSTAND THE LANGUAGE BUT I LOVE IT !!!!! DAMN I DANCED TO THIS BEAT WHEN I 1ST HEARD IT EVERY DIFFERENT RACE & AGE MALE ,FEMALE. COME TO UNITE EVERYONE IN 1 SONG. HELL YA... GOING TO BE ON  THE CHARTS 4SURE...
My hope is that the proceeds from this video went to the people of Puerto Rico. I hope all who participated got a little stipend.
Check out my john wall sauce it up mix!
WOW THATS ALL I HAVE TO SAY SMH FUCKEN AWESOME I HAVE ALL 3 in my playlist now lol Spanish English and now Beyoncé too great job 👍🏽👌🏽😎
ok cool, but why does it say featuring Beyoncé ft. Beyoncé
Qual o problema de comentar sobre a Anitta?? Fodase ela é amada ❤❤❤
#ChequeMate #JequeMate #XequeMate 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷 @ANITTA @ANITTA @ANITTA @ANITTA @ANITTA @ANITTA @ANITTA
No
http://neredrpe.win/2697001666512/   :)
Menino Ney e Pai Cris
A Anitta deveria comentar aqui.
Hinooo
👑❤️👑❤️👑❤️👑❤️👑
#doitwith #anitta
Who is Shitnitta EW
QUEEEEN
Now everyone is copying Justin Bieber 😂
Anitta é o tempero que faltava nesse clipe
Martin garrix sale ahí 😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
YASSSS LELE IN THIS 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Hugo gloss\nMC Kevinho \nNeymar \nAnitta \nMarcelo \nBR BR BR
Maluma-Felicades Ft Drake
Topo 😂😂
No.
PISA MENOS ANITTA 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
MALUUUU
azul está comigo
Bad bunny,Marcelo,neymar, y cristiano Ronaldo
🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽😎😎😎😎
https://youtu.be/UbH1oKdy7nI Que buena canción.
Feo como canta Beyoncé  😂😒
https://youtu.be/Bdi_LrbPkiU
🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴
DANGGGG THIS SOUNDS AMAZING *:D*
No honey noo
Ha caray
Br
*Anira* reina, beijos. 🇧🇷
jajajajajajaj qué horrible Beyonce
Qué sigue will.i.am con Maluma?:v
https://youtu.be/5cMgm6yVrZ0\nhttps://youtu.be/bm2Xoe0gocI\nSubscribe Me❤ #Like #Share & #Comment\nComment Helpful Tips I Would Appreciate It\nFollow Me:\nInsta: Shauntii_b\nFacebook: Ashaunti Brown\nSnapchat: ashaunti106
Original is better
3:11 i hear you blueeeee
FREEZE! SLAY.
Wow (^O^)❤wow ❤
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
BR  ❤️
0:06 Ronaldo!!!!!!!!!!!!
best part 2:12
AYE SALICE ROSE, I SEE YOU BOO
https://youtu.be/DQwFWkki3GQ
nice
😎👊🙅🙆
aayyyyyeer Htowwnnn!! 😘😘
I love it 😍 Beyoncé ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Slay queen!!!
Maluuu ❤
BRAZILLLL💚💛
SALICE ROSE
SALICE
https://youtu.be/eYF8tR1Zzu4
Beyonce lacrando no espanhol
HOLA
Wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Jbalvin el EXITO
Hi I'm American.
Un remix con Ariana Grande hubiera sido mejor
Donde esta mi gente?! México!!!!! 😎🎶🎤🎧📣🔊🔊🔊🔊🔊🔉🔉🔉
Beyonce :( por que???? \nPor qur haces esto :((((
Y los mexicanos y los que hablan español donde están? SÓLO puro brasil e ingles
Yo soy la reina de los memes dice? XD
J balvin mi gente m encanta
Al prinicipio entendí \nYO SOY LA REINA DE LOS MEMES xdxdxd
un like si cres que este video es peor y mejor el orijinal
Beyoncé suena impresionante pero me gusta la canción original 100% mejor
Si el ritmo te lleva a mover la cabeza\nYa empezamos cómo es\nMi música no discrimina a nadie así que vamos a romper\n\nCon lo mío todos se mueven\nLa fiesta la llevo en mis genes\nYo soy la reina de los nenes\nMi gente no se detiene, aquí nadie se quiere ir\n\nSi el ritmo está en tu cabeza\nAhora suéltate y mueve los pies\nMe encanta cuando el bajo suena\nEmpezamos a subir de nivel\n\nToda mi gente se mueve\nLa fiesta la llevo en mis genes\nYo soy la reina de los nenes\nMi musica los tiene fuerte bailando y se baila así\n\nTamo' rompiendo la discoteca\nLa fiesta no para, apenas comienza\nC'est comme-ci, c'est comme-ça\nMa chèrie, la la la la la\nFrancia, Colombia, Houston (Freeze)\nJ Balvin, Willy William, Beyoncé (Freeze)\nLos DJ's no mienten, le gusta a mi gente\nY eso se fue mundial (Freeze)\nNo le bajamos, más nunca paramos es otro palo y ¡Blam!\n\n¿Y dónde está mi gente?\nMais fais bouger la tête\nAzul, are you with me\nSay yeah, yeah, yeah\nUn, dos, tres, leggo'\n(Ay yeah, yeah, yeah)\n\nHe say my body stay wetter than the ocean\nAnd he say that Creole in my body is like a potion\nI can be a beast or I can give you emotion\nBut please don't question my devotion\n\nI been giving birth on these haters 'cause I'm fertile\nSee these double Cs on this bag, murda\nWant my double Ds in his bed, Serta\nIf you really love me make an album about me, word up\n\nSoon as I walk in\nBoys start they talkin\nRight as that booty sway (Freeze)\nSlay\nLift up your people\nFrom Texas, Puerto Rico\nDem' islands to Mexico (Freeze)\n\n¿Y dónde está mi gente? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)\nMais fais bouger la tête (Yeah, yeah, yeah)\n¿Y dónde está mi gente? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)\nSay yeah, yeah, yeah\nUn, dos, tres, leggo'\n\nEsquina a esquina (esquina a esquina)\nDe ahí no' vamo' (de ahí no' vamo')\nEl mundo es grande pero lo tengo en mi' manos\nEstoy muy duro, sí, ok, ahí vamos\nY con el tiempo nos seguimos elevando\n\nQue seguimos rompiendo aquí\nEsta fiesta no tiene fin\nBotellas para arriba, sí\nMi gente no se detiene, aquí nadie se quiere ir\n\n¿Y dónde está mi gente?\nMais fais bouger la tête\nAzul, are you with me\nSay yeah, yeah, yeah\nUn, dos, tres, leggo' (Oh, yes, I am)\n\nWorldwide\nWilly William\nJ Balvin, man.
Con la cansion de mi gente flipe pero con el remix. me mori
ESTA BUENA PERO ME GUSTA MAS LA NORMAL
👌 Justin. se muere adios al despacito
Anittaaaaaa
What!
*ANITTA:* 0:36 e 01:04 *NEYMAR:* 0:40 e 3:22 *MARCELO VIEIRA:* 3:23 *HUGOGLOSS:* 2:36
Rd mmg
Google translator sings better than Beyonce in Spanish
53:00 Martin Garrix????
Esta ubiera sido la cansion chida del mundia :v
Martín Garrix 😍
Beyonce !? Impossible
Me Encanta esta Cancion😍😍😍❤
Closed captions coming soon. Sorry :/
THE LAST THEME SONG & INTRO LOLLLLL\n but you dropped knowledgeeeee the whole video, mad creative too.
THE one lesson I learned pretty early on is just because you ill do it for them dosnt mean they'd do it for you
The intro's were cute and the third one... 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Such a great way of reflecting on life lessons.
I had a blast watching this 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
In my 26 yrs of life I've learned that patience and passivity are two very different things.
(shed a thug tear for the good enough shirt, look at nathan omg) this video came on time! i just turned 22 and i feel like its time for me to /really/ start growing up, so! thx evelyn
This!!!!! Fantastic job to you and your brother. Ok...so a lesson Ive learned is that you have to make time to take care of yourself.. Never expect someone to do it for you or you'll just be setting yourself up for dissapointment. We put too much faith in people when theyre just as flawed as us. Put your faith in God and He will give you Identity so you can trust yourself❤
I CRIED watching this video! The wigs took me out and the satin bonnet tip. \nBut all these tips are FACTSSSS
More important than knowing what you wanna do with the rest of your life is knowing what you never wanna do, ever again Amen to that
Love everything about this video! (Aye! Look at you supporting Nathan Zedd☺)
Comparison is the thief of joy.
No is a complete sentence you're amazing and articulate.
Whoever disliked this video is a pure hater, this is genius!
had to rewatch and share this!! i agreed with every last one of these! this was so much fun to watch!! (:
Just loved this! You guys wrote and directed the hell outta this! Some great nostalgia for real! And then lessons.....💯... I need to up my fiber for real for real! Love you Eve, your extremely talented and always on time with a great message of positivity. Now you better accept that compliment because you and Mama Dee deserve!
Also,  another lesson is don't compare yourself to others..you have no idea what they going through etc.
Your brother is so awesome. You're so awesome. Awesome jeans 😂\nI have learnt that:\n1. Figure out my definition of success\n2. Smile even when I feel I couldn't manage it.\n3. Celebrate all the small victories. ALL!
You are so much fun!
I'm so glad I found Evelyn From the Internets! So much truth and wisdom in EVERY video!!
Wow thank you for all of the wisdom!!!!!!! Love you <3
I’ve learned that if it/he/she is too good to be true, it’s probably some B/S to be found under the surface... b/c no one/nothing is perfect.
Lesson # 30 Trust your gut; Evelyn thanks for sharing what's in that brain of yours.
The sister sister thing made this whole video so much more fun to watch. Of course you personality makes it too, but usually i dont like watching what i learned videos because they bore me. However i was like let me watch Evelyn's because I feel she wouldn't lie to me and i truly want to know how she feels about herself. Kudos to your brother for doing basically the entire video haha.
When you're old AF BUT JUST LEARNING THESE THINGS! 🙃
Can I just say yes and amen to number 13
You are so dope! Why am I craving sweet tea in a styrofoam cup right now? 😐
One thing I've learned is that everybody is going through it, so go other people and go easy on yourself.
The procrastination one though lol! Its funny because I actually stumbled on your channel while procrastinating hardcore on this 10 page paper due the next day. It was badddd, but also so so worth it😂\nLoving the video! You wisdom is always needed 😂❤️
You're amazing, I love all your videos !!!
Well said and well done. Glad to see you working with your brother. Impressive.
This is incredible! I love all your lessons but this concept and execution is *everything*. If I knew how to insert emojis into my comments I would... but hand claps and fire and dynamite stars to you, your bro and Esteban!
This was actually good!
No is a complete sentence! Yessss!!!🙌🏾 I really gotta stop that explaining myself to everyone thing 🙁
COUSIN!! YOU HAVE OUTDONE YOURSELF! GO 'HEAD (without that bonnet, amen)
They sleep, I sleep. Sleep is good, go to bed 😴 forever bae!!!!
I love seeing you solo...YESSSSS WOW AMAZING!
I've learned that most of the time your gut instinct is right, but sometimes it can just be your insecurities and knowing the difference is crucial.
The was BEAUTIFUL AND EVERYTHING I NEEDED. THANK YOU CUZ.
That it is fully, completely, totally ok to fail. And that it is ok to not be comfortable with some parts of yourself or your life at a particular moment in time.
Loved this ! I turn 28 this November and  I realized 27 was a year of self reflection.
Nice, One of the OG youtubers back at it again!
In my 30 years of living I've learned to just do all the things that make ME happy. Not to wait around for others/right times AND to stop putting permanent expectations on temporary people.\n\nTHIS 👏🏾 WAS 👏🏾 ON 👏🏾 TIME 👏🏾 Thank you 🙏🏾
this is such a creative video! this is why i f$%ks with you Evelyn from the Internets
Oh Yeah. In my 26 years I am learning that I have all the answers within me therefore don't doubt yourself so much.
In my 30 years of being on this planet, one thing I've learned is that it's okay to not be okay but it's not okay to stay there. Also, be honest with yourself about your feelings and thoughts and why you feel those feels and think those thoughts. It can be scary but you can really get to understand yourself and come to terms with some things.
Beautiful video and fantastic and very nostalgic video. Happy 27th and Big up to estaban!
I've learned that the key to not being as outraged and upset as I used to be, is to change my mindset and make whatever it is, work to my advantage or simply just walk away from it!
The most monumental lesson I've learned in my 23 years on earth was to believe people (*especially men) when they tell you who they are THE FIRST TIME AROUND.
But for real I'm your cousin! For life!!! Continue laughing sista!
Don't allow anyone to define who you are as a person. Also, patience is a virtue.
#13 was me last year because of my job. Definitely learned a valuable lesson.\n\nLove the creativity Evelyn!!
this was amazing great job!!
I love this! Thank you and happy belated birthday !
Anyone else shook by how bomb this was or is it just me cuz . . . . I'm speechless
I'm just gonna leave my annual comment about being cousins .......here...... and then tell u how much u give me lifeeeeee biggest lie I've ever told , im fine  lol but thats okay cuzzo we not fine we gucci.
Good job! Loved the video.\nAlso, side picky note, I was bothered by your use of irregardless 😣😣in the bathroom scene.
This made me smile sooooo much, love the wisdom and love the parody.
So creative!! Love this video girl!!!
This was dope!!!!! Brother did soooo well with this orchestration and I appreciate your lessons Internet cousin!!!!!!!🤸🏽‍♂️
I'm living for this 👐🏿. You've been doing a lot of reflection lately. Video production was bomb. Thanks for sharing!
Can I just say how much I love love love you!!! You literally speak the real and make my 20 something's feel so relatable! God bless you 💖
Happy Belated Birthday! This video is creative, unique & fire. Please do more of this. Great job. :) I learned that patience is key, listen to your instinct and say yes to what you want and no to what you don't want
The editing in this video is....just wow.
No really IS a complete sentence. Love it! Excellent job.
Lesson learned.... No one cares more about you than you.
I’ve learned that all men are not created equal.
They sleep we grind. No They sleep, I sleep.  My motto I've been living by!!! Amen
Don't judge others for staying put. Slow and steady wins the race.
Ok. But how is Evelyn making the greatest content on the platform AND this casual about it?
You beautiful ass soul You! Been waiting for this video for the longest time, and it was soooo worth it
.vital information for your everyday life #ComeOnEvelynBethDinburg
Very creative. I have learned I can't make other peoples issues my issues. Help if I can but I cannot solve everyone's problems.
I'M DONE!!! This is soooo good lol Evelyn got the angles!!
Das a cute chicken nugget! Great vid. Never sleep on ill feels. And always kiss with your eyes closed, lol trust. 9/10 they eyes open too and it's awkward. AF!
Wisdom on wisdom. What a blessing.
I thoroughly enjoyed this lol What I've learned in my almost 23 years of life is that it's completely okay to cut off friends or family from your life if they are damaging your mental or physical health. Doesn't matter who they are to you. If they are hurting you, then their presence in your life is not that important to begin with.
....more important than knowing what you wanna do with the rest of your life is knowking what you never want to do ever again. 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
How many times have you watched this video? I'm at 12. lmao This video was filmed in front of a live studio audience. lies or nah? \nEvelyn, girl, you da realest. Also, I'm pretty sure that you and my sister are the same person.\n\nSerious notes: Some important lessons that I've learned in 25 years of life\n1. It's okay to not fit into the ideal version of yourself as long as you are continually, positively striving toward it. \n2. Emotional intelligence is important and you should know your EQ. This will help you in your personal life and professional life. Trust me sis and bro.\n3. Dancing is appropriate in the grocery store or where ever you feel like dancing. Just be prepared for the consequences of dancing in your morning meeting at work.  I am not liable for that.\n4. Watching YouTube to gain more knowledge but applying none of it, is a waste of your time.  Pick up that guitar and do something with it!\n5. Doing what you love and the people that you love should never be in competition. \n6. Travel. I know this sounds cliche but I'm traveling all over Europe right now, and all I see are retired white Americans and their children.  They seem so surprised to see me. A gentleman actually said, Wow, you get to travel now!?  I had to wait until I was old!! Do it as soon as you can.  Invest in that passport!!!\n\nI'll stop right here because I feel my help aka I'm inspired to write in my Must Go In My Book journal. I will be writing a book.  Toodles!!
I've learned Because I don't want to. is a sufficient answer to Why?.
Wait...I don't need a bonnet???? 👀👀👀
This is awesome, your time your effort shows, I appreciate your hard work, your so creative, it's inspiring
This video is awesome. Keep doing what you're doing. I'm here for it.
You are everything.
I turned 26 today!!!
Yassss!!! No. IS A COMPELTE SENTENCE! Lol
i love this
❤️❤️
Brilliant. Love this
YOU ARE PHENOMENAL...LIKE INCREDIMAZIBLE.
Love it!
Love that shirt!
This is beautiful.
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Brilliant!
🙌🏿🙌🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
AYE :D
In.fuckin.spired
Absolutely amazing. Great job ❤
Next level!
🌊🌊
Mad one krept
Like 1:47 was that kartel?
Wavey
ROCKING DUN NOOOO. ...
New fav💕😩
If this was drake everyone would feel it stop hating its a banger
Krept stepped in like spragga benz or some person
This is one of them songs that arent nice at first, but then u loveeeeee ittttttt
This is dead truths
Nico & Vinz vibes
Krept Kartel lol
https://youtu.be/ywaGBq5eogw\n\n\nWatch it 😜😜😍😍😍
drake feat vybz kartel
Bria Myles 🤔 heard Konez beat still 😂
Hmmm Tenterden likes that 🔥🔥🔥
its harda 4dem 2do hood shit cos lifestyle changed
https://youtu.be/i-peOBtYUgQ
Good vibes music 🤗 Proud of my girl Nia V <3 Singer/Songwriter
Bria Myles ya nah!!!! Buffers!
Your 12?
Bria Myles is SOOO BUFF
Jheeeeez
no.
Drake ft Movado- For Me
Left the hood behindd
Fucking LIT✨✨✨
Nice 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Clean
👍
Tune for autumn 2017!! Warm nights spliff munch ❤😂
Tune for the gyal dem 💣💣💣💣💣
Depressing
Vybz kreptel 😂
1000 th comment
fucking hell, krept looking like Whoopi Goldberg
Man like Vybz Kreptel
Dead
Nice 🔥
Krept turn dancehall artist now??
Wavey
Don't you mean. \n\nKonan Ft Vybz Kartel lol.... \n\nWaves 🌊 anyway! \nBanger.
GOT THIS ON REPEATTTT ITSS SOOO LITTT 🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾
Konan made this a banger
Marry me
Pile of shit
Versatile.
This tunes too wavy
This is frosty ❄❄🌊🌊🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
yes
auto tune 10/10
Bringing the vibes
Better than wo wo wo
1000th comment.
Tune This
Bria Miles making moves
Bria Myles!!!!!!!!!!!
WHEN DID THEY FREE KARTEL?!
7 days. But this sounds lit.
Man be looking like sisqo and shit wo wo wo
More singing from Konan on these hooks for future tunes is needed. Better that wo wo wo
BANNGGAAAA
Krept spun this
Someone tell these man that you need to be Drake to make Drake type songs
Other tune was half decent, but this one is actually nice, feeling dis one
The beat is actually harddddddd❄️🍾🤑
Can someone tell me which Puma pair of shoes these are at 3:13 ? Thanks
The flow krept adopted for this track is from Kartels song virginity
Lol, is this supposed to be the opposite of Demi Lovato's 'For You'?! XD
From my story and dont waste me time hard trap music to freak of the week and this shite song
I Make Hits.  That is all. Subscribe of you're an artist. Thanks
No point calling them  sell outs  Music has been heading towards this sound for years especially for these type of artists it's development and it won't ever stop you gotta roll with what's hot, everyone fucks with this sound now, big up good tune 👌
Bring back the old krept and konan wtf is this 😂😂😂
The wave is real 🌊
This song is so shit, he just slurs horrible artist.
This and wo wo wo are just Wank, thought your ment to be helping set the grime scene alight not this shit with your cuntish accent bollocks
the fuck happened to you two... fuck me RIP the good kept and Konan, you two just sound like everyone else now. shits dead
Have a listen to the recent song on my channel, any support means loads.\n\nAlso big up Krept&Konan
Krept's verse is immaculate! I couldn't compose myself in my reaction 😅😅
I like this Krept and Konan more than the old, this is what we call versatile
AYEE KREPT IS THAT HOW YOU MAN ARE GOING ON NOW YH ?!!!! 😳🔌🎤🌊🌊🌊
Solid. But that melodic Popcaan ting he did on Come Closer remix. Triggered me!
why am i so late on this jam, love it and the video !
20 year old Rapper/Singer from Preston, UK\n\nhttps://youtu.be/L-gnFoUjAnc\n\nHere is my new music video, leave me a comment and like the video if your feeling it!\n\nAll your time and support would be appreciated👍🏼
Is it me or do they sound off beat?🤔
Krept should've sat this one out
I'm here for Sophia Ray thats it.
This has Drake written all over it.
Not feeling this one
Song is wavey... But the guitar sound is so wack
The only reason I sat through this was the women tbh
I pressed the like button on the very first second I hear the first verse lol 👏👏🙌
Banger but they literally stole the drums and vibe from Drake - Controlla
Konan can actually do better on his ones with this type of music
got your girlfriend going down in the hilton.....now she got a mouthful o children  09 kones. \n\nwhat a difference, this is real him
1 like and ill shoot up my school
Its mainly the foreigners and Muslims\n hating on this song cah  they don't understand us  Jamaicans 😂
Krept and konan livin life out of the hood respect for that but they're music has just been weak tbh
Rah these man need to allow the dead singing they sound like a b tec kc n jojo smh 🤦🏽‍♂️
0:31
when the poor take from the rich its stealing. when the monarchy wage war and force conscription stealing lives, its patriotism.
Lol use your eyes to show baby the popcorn nearby! How can someone say no to a cute little one?!
dont like this bullshit cause he raped both of them after the game
16m views? like who the fuck cares? people are easily amused arent they?
If that happend 500 years ago that girl would've been executed
Fastest lizard-like tongue flick ever captured on video at 0:31! Watch very closely, it goes FAST!
Mark my words This girl is gonna be gold digger  one day
The mother told the child to take it at the start
Her mama stupid.. letting that girl dig into other people stuff... Poor Harry probably would have gave her the box if he caught it the first time
Has a little toddler AND she is pregnant, the sex must be good!
off with her head
He is such a cool prince
here is the article about it  from vanityfair .http://quamiller.com/71HR
He wants to get his hands on her.sick f👽🐍k.
Why is this in the trending tab?
Well, I wonder what she's going to become, when she gets older?
Crime of the century lol
Who is this man ?
fuck the royal family
Off with her head
Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood - Final Episode jazz was epic
It would have been hilarious if he just backhanded her lol
pls check this video and channel its very nice! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyiQLSlkTZo
Lmao.... she good...... TO GOOD. I mean the mother..... the way she look at her than look at the popcorn and once she start eating... she look away and pretend she didn't see her.
Big boy and big girl is friend?
David Attenbrough: so as you can see this creature is making sure that it is safe to strike this enemy.........oh it's about to make a move and there it goes with a brilliant snatch. Ladies and gentlemen the amazing popcorn snatcher.🍚
Top 10 most powerful anime characters
My only words: how can I relate to this so much
The mom sees the kid taking someones food. And smiles and does nothing ?! Great parenting. Letting a kid take something that isn't hers .
That is one savage child
We recruit you to the next spy of England
Maybe the mom should teach her some manners. But shes white and blonde so its ok
#1 I woke up!\n#2 I started a youtube channel!\n#3 I made my first video!\n#4 I hit a million subscribers!\n\nOops, the correct order is #2 #3 #4 #1 \n:(
Two them are a credit  to the memory of the PRINCESS DIANA
Prince Harry was like: No, don't put your dirty hands on my popcorn! Here, let me give you 1 piece. That should be enough for your size you little snot. You're lucky this isnt the medieval time or i could've sentenced you to death along with your parents. \nIs this your child commoner?\n\nFather of the child: Yes your majesty. We are sorry for what she did, If there is anything we could do to exempt our daughter for punishment, we as parents will take responsibility for her action.\n\nPrince Harry: leave your wife, come with me after the event!
First your popcorn then your crown
Usually I like the Royal Family but this is just fucking stupid.
Harry seems like a great guy. But, most Europeans are awesome anyway. ❤️ that little girl😍 thank you 🇬🇧
But the woman holding her didn’t even apologize and make her stop, really?
You can't get angry at a child doing that, but the mom. Maybe she should've  said something?? Like, do not steal.
How to get 16 mil views on YouTube
Prince Harry is so kind and that baby girl is so cute. Thanks for showing the clip. :)
0:30 tf he doing with his mouth
I still love this moment... super cute...
soooo cute,so is the little girl
Mom be like, i dont know this baby 😂
This made my unhappy day a happy day, Thanks!!!
toddler 15 years later: storytime: the day I stole Prince Harry's popcorn
Sneaky little bitch
Fucking trendning in swedön
how adorable
Hahaha xf
What
Staged af
If this was the 13th century... God bless their mercy on that young, dumb and innocent soul
How to get YouTube Red for FREE:\n1. Open browser\n2. Type YouTube.com but replace You with Red\n3. Enjoy. You're welcome.
Pls I need subs sub to me
http://MyJobisFirst.com/?refcode=16264
https://youtu.be/HJuZQFVvL2w
Harry mean person:-S
https://discord.gg/5P4x4v join:DD
Little thief stole my heart
Vietnamese food, so yummy...yummy ^^\nhttp://www.healthyeating4us.tk/
PornO film
To
*To the gallows!*
invest  in BITCOIN  mining   https://goo.gl/7hHULd ,  https://goo.gl/3YjW3h,     WALET BITCOIN          https://goo.gl/Fjp1Lq
BOOONK
She deserves a death row, fucking twat
😍
Wasnt he bald?
dislike for weco
4th on Portugal trends 😂😂
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=160192
Stop eleminating comments about the prince lizard tongue dude.
So lovely 😍
All i want - kodaline acoustic cover unplugged IND\nhttps://youtu.be/FASnu6t5_VQ
Subscrive my channel :)
So cute x3
Protection and Wellness. Click link: http://salusdefense.ositracker.com/65855/4820
Yeah go Harry Potter
Look at this https://youtu.be/0DkpnzJ6Tfk
so cute
https://youtu.be/LCyna8_FYS0
P
What a brat
is meghan fat or pregnant ?
Wow ... who cares lol 😂
Who the fuck is harry
Who’s prince harry? Is he a famous person?
s'cute ❤️💕
That is so cute. What a good guy.
Happy to see the working-class fight against the -fascists- Royal Family and get their rightfully-deserved popcorn.\n\nThe Communist Flag Shall Rise.
Stupid ass mom thinks it's cute. Go but your baby some popcorn.
I’d hit it\n\nBitch that’s my food
Love it.... so cute 😀
Soo cute
It's 3am, I have homework to do, and school tomorrow. Why am I here?
It's so hearthwarming<3
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?668990704
The fact that he sounds exactly like the track and even better is amazing .. we love you Sam Smith 😩❤️
he is like a little kid while he sings he shows all his emotions and the way he smiles at the end is everything
sam smith please share your weight loss tips
His voice so angelic 💕Damn love it
This song gives me a sense of happiness ☺️
love the background singers !!
Sam Smith looks a lot like my grandfathers,but,ONE OF THE BEST SINGERS ALL THE TIME don't forget this...
Omg his voice soooo adorable, is he eating CD? His voice is so similar with the CD
The voice of John Saga is just like this wohhohoh
his best song yet! It's gone be huge!
Looking and sounding good Sam!
My god so much love for this guy... ❤️❤️❤️❤️💖
Wow! I wish i could've been there💕
That is one bad boy!  I have yet to see a SS song sung live that wasn't on point.  And the respect that he shows to his audience is a class that he should teach to other entertainers. Much love to you S . . .  and keep doing the D*#@  thing, kid!
One of thee best voices🎵👌
Hey guys, i made a cover of this song and it would be great if you guys could check it out!! thanks!
Sam Smith - Too Good at Goodbyes in the Live Lounge
His voice touches my heart :) very magical
Is he a gay?
i dont understand how people actually disliked this like waaaat
I think he is not using autotune in his music videos
His vocal never dead in my dorm😭😭😭😭
He looks so excited and nervous
Man, he just kills me every time! I hope there's a new album soon.
just insane voacls.
Iloveyou 😩♥️
HES SO SWEET AND PERFECT FUCK
the Live Lounge
Ugh I love him 💜💜💜
Yessss ❤❤❤❤
行走的CD👍
💖💖💖💖
that was awesome!
An angel
wow the light of my life
Sam smith has been talented I can not stress that enough to my friends fuckkkk 😭💜💜💜💜
Sam Smith - Too Good at Goodbyes in the Live Lounge
I Love You Sam
you're so good. so amazing!! i love u Sam Smith
I want to be sam's boyfreind..really ... This song is revealed his beautiful voice ❤
Love his quality is amazing!!!!....
I'm so hooked with song and live just sounds amazing.
His live performances are always top notch!!!
God! This is better than the studio version 😍😍
Effortless. This guy was meant to sing ♥
It's like he's got auto tune built in his voice naturally! Nice song.
NOW, THIS IS MUSIC PPL!
LITTLE SAILORS WHERE YOU AT????
No bad feelings, but is he gay?
Sam's voice 😍😍 one of the \nbest singers ever \nagree?
I wanna die 😭😭😭 wish I will be singing with my idol too, very soon. Hope he will see me, and Know that I'm his biggest French fan 💖
I covered this song yesterday and I absolutely love this song, his range is sick! Hope i did it justice :)
HE'S SO FUCKING TALENTED
That smile at the end was so forced lol but I still love him.
It is impossible for me to watch him without smiling.
Not to take away from Sam, because he is super awesome (writer & vocalist), but I can hear this being a Beyonce song... Imagine a Beyonce song written by Sam Smith 😱
he's so adorable
that's beautiful, he's beautiful
You cant even tell the difference between the recorded and live versions. 😮
Too Good at Goodbyes in the Live Lounge
His transformation is outstanding 💛
I made a parody of this!
I cant love him more
laughing at myself for having the double check the artist name because i haven't seen a sam smith vid since stay with me and did not recognize him AT ALL. wow what a transformation, undeniable talent still though! <3
Somebody please buy me a ticket to go see him. Hes everything❤
He’s not even trying and it’s still sounds like the studio
You shouldn't have changed your style of clothing. I still love you anyways. ❤️
goshhh.... im really fallin' for the song why???😍😌
Excitement physical kind follow undertake elementary steel not should
jesus, his voice is just 😍😍😍
WOW literally sounds just like his music video, not a lot of singers are that good.. mad props to Sam smith
Omg so beautiful live this made me tear up.
omg he's so cuteeeee   i love him
Love this talented and handsome man 😍
what the sound ! all of studio on his mouth
💙💙💙💙
MY MAN!!!!!!! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
His voice!!!!❤💕💙💖💚💗💛
♥♥♥♥
❤❤❤
why am i crying
Genial. Saludos desde Venezuela.
im fcken crying
That smile 0:39-0:41
his face..
Effortlessly perfect...😌
BEST PERFOMANCE EVER...
Effortless falsettos 😩👌🏽
❤️😍👏🏾
perfect!!! 😍😍😍
His voiceeee ❤️
😭😭😭😭😭ughhhhhh literally perfect as fuck 😭😭😭😭😭
Damn those vocals😍
His smile, his voice, 😍😍😍😍
sam is awesomeeee
His eyes
Que música linda!
His voice sucks
爱你❤️
Hey guys! There's a little corolla easter egg somewhere in here, so hopefully I didn't make it too obvious! Also like I stated in the video, I live in Texas and I personally know people who have been affected by Hurricane Harvey. This means a lot to me, so if you want to help out with relief efforts here, in Puerto Rico or in Florida (or anywhere else) consider downloading Tab For a Cause completely for free; http://tab.gladly.io/r/reallifelore. You guys are always amazing :)
Weilrd therory... Putting energy, heat, into a hurricane shall weaken it... Putting a Tsar bomba into it, would boost the Hurricane, by rising a lot mor superheated air, the pressure will drop immediately. Yes cooler air replaces - but its warmed up by the ocean: the more wind, the more effective.\nYou'd just feed the beast.
Here is a viewer from puerto rico, love the video :)
I think you’re brilliant! It is so nice that you’re finding ways to help support charities. You’re my favourite YouTuber ever!
238 bombs in the excat spot wouldnt destroy the ENTIRE CIVILIZTION AS WE KNOW IT u fuking dumbshitt. it would jsut make a explosion in the area NOT SOMEHOW KILL EVRYONE AROUND THE WORLD so fuk u stop with these videos that you pull out your ass everytime you want to make millions.
Clean bomb doesn't mean radiation free , it means radiation won't last long. You're still gonna die right now.
it wouldn't work cause  the hurricane would evolve into teenage mutant ninja hurricane.
Build a wal around the hurricane
Why don’t we just take the hurricane, and push it somewhere else!
my nigga out here in texas :') tears to my eyes..so when's the meetup??
Hey!\nDon’t give North Korea any ideas!
0:50 let me stop you right there. The most outlandish theory is dropping Toyota Corolla's into them. LOL.
why can't we just make a non nuclear bomb that is just full of air then boom done.
Down vote for the product endorsement. Read the legal and you find out they only use 5% to help the rest go to administration wtf?
The narrator is an American. Whright?
Lets all agree that this is a bad idea then!
The government controls the weather, they wouldn't do anything to stop natural disasters. They created Harvey to raise gas prices. Even as it was happening, my boyfriend went to tell me that his mother told him they made the hurricane to raise gas prices. I was confused as to why, only to go on youtube a couple days later, and immediately see: Gas Prices Raised After Hurricane Harvey. I told him right away, and he was like oh wow, she was right.
If it did work u better hope the hurricane don't throw the bombs out
its because of your deeds God is punishing you people
As a person who was born and raised here in Puerto Rico, i speak for most of us, thank you and everybody who has send help. I hope that everything is ok over there in Texas and Florida
Measuring the power of a hurricane in one day vs an atomic bomb against a hurricane in one moment is totally different. This video is bunk.
a t o m i c h u r r i c a n e
I live in California in Santa Clarita in Los Angeles county
U realize nukes would be more expensive to make than the damage done by a hurricane... smh it's like the government thinks we have an infinite amount of money
Nuclear Weapons Have Never Existed. \n**HINT* North Korea's Nuclear Program Gives It Away. \nFacts Do Not Care About Your Feelings.
I LIVED HURRICANE IRMA AT SINT MARTEENN IT DESTROY MY HOUSE THE WIND WAS AT 520 KM H PER HOUR THERE EVEN SMALL TORNADO IN IT IVE SAW ONE IT WAS A NIGHTMARE
it wont stop a hurricane, it will just keep spining and waving around the Nucular radiation \n*EASY*            :/ Goddamn it awkward again
Michael Bay's wet dream.
Nothing can stop in front of  mother nature wind, water, fire earthquake
If you want to lose info, then get the extention. Noone will donate anything for free if you open a tab. If they would have, u could of just opened a million tabs and they would have to be forced to donate 1 million dollars which makes no sense.
Now what if a hurricane was that size @ 2:43
WE SHOULD TAKE OUR CITIES... AND PUSH THEM SOMEWHERE ELSE
the answer  to that to can't drop a nuke
I think the brute energy analyses it's kinda simplistic. Has any dynamic fluid student tried to actually simulate it?
why did he say Hiroshima like that wtf
I live in Puerto Rico
Wouldn’t the fallout just spread more dangerously in a hurricane?
Sure, this idea could only come up in the US of the 1950's, were every atomic was cool. Like the 'Ford Fusion' which sould be powered by a nuclear reactor. Or the 'Atomic Engery Lab', containing real Uranium.\nhttp://www.orau.org/ptp/collection/atomictoys/atomicenergylabkit.htm\n\nWell, these hurrcianes may be caused by an invention of the Chinese. At least if you use some messages from Tump. What I found disturbing is a phrase I heard VERY often: 'This will take years to build it up again'. Or similar ones. Go back 72 years in history and look to Germany. After World War 2 everything was destroyed. No medicaments, no food, nothing. Not even a real currency. The most men were dead or in captivity. So Germany was mainly rebuilt by women, 'Trümmerfrauen' (rubble women), as they are called. Sure there was help from other countries, but the US claims often enough to be a great country, so why should cleaning up after a hurricane take years?\n\nIt's more or less a matter of discipline. Some countries and their citizens simply can't manage this. Remember the earthquake in Haiti 2010? They've nothing visible done yet, although they got millions and help from all over the world. L’Aquila in Italy, after the earthquake 2009, still looks the same. Main cities in arabic war areas like Syria or Iraq are completely destroyed, they won't be rebuilt anymore in a similar way. In the opposite, after the Fukushima incident 2011 the Japanese were rather quick doing their clean-up. Now let's see how the USA as 'world leading nation' does. As a start, it would be an idea to use the chance and get rid of these overland power and telephone lines. This is the main factor of electricity and communication loss.
Yah, right, browsing a web helps the victims of hurricane... I thought you were smarter then that. You can donate without an excuse, no need to rely on opening new tab. Seriously - wtf...
Fuck it, if it keeps me from sweat'n my balls off for a week waiting for the power to come back on, its worth the risk, nuke'm!
This theory is a bit more... explosive compared to Storm Fury.
you could give it a pepsi
Is there a way to harvest energy from a hurricane?
What if you could a harness hurricane's power?
The Goverment has already documented they can control and manipulate the weather back in 1959. Why can't they just steer these hurricanes off shore?
YOU SHOULD THREW IT AT LAS VEGAS DUDE,THEY KEEP MAKING A BIG PLAN TO ATTACK AMERICA
the shockwave off a large nuke would totally work!!! giv it a shot
Oh yip, we'll just bomb the hurricane with nuclear bombs to make it *Worse* and turn it into a *Radioactive Storm Of Death!* good on you America, you really *Thought* about that didn't you? (o_O).\n\nI think you forgot that more *Heat = More Power* and *Nuclear Power = Radioactive Poison.* Should've just left it alone lol.
Drop a Nokia on them ! Total Destruction.
What if the whole world was in the same time zone?
The Real is if nuke drop in hurricane the Hurricane will become a big tsunami and we all die maybe?
Who would win:\nOne of nature's scariest and terrifying natural disaster which can heavily damage infrastructure and ecosystems\n\nOr\n\nOne explody boi
see if you can build a roof around the world
But the nuke would cause a tsunami because it will cause an earthquake under the ocean
If you need help nuking hurricanes, then just ask Kim Jun Un
Pray to god Trump doesn't learn about this theory
Crazy man. Think about it a lot of the destruction results in newer better built infrastructure. A lot of states will allow structures to hang around long after the danger point and cause far more danger to the public. So sometimes a disaster forces cost that should have been being made over time.
what bout cloud seeding. if you did it way before it got close to the coast. and have it drop all that water and energy.
most of hurricane attack (begin from) open field. yes, cut off all trees, and more hurricane u got.
Wow is all I gotta say
You are good in math
this is the best poem i've ever witnesed
Me: (Reads name of video) Simple.....WE WILL ALL DIE!
We should use the giant vacuum cleaner ship from space balls to suck up the hurricane. It's practically guaranteed to work.
0:49 nothing of that is right!!! The real solution is to drop a coin! It has a logic, right?
I got hit by Irma almost a month ago, and it was quite fun going into the storm Lol
Before i watch video if the tornado keeps going we just fucked up more from all the radiation in the bomb so we just made it worse if it wirks like how i think\n*Hurricane not tornado
im sure it would of destroyed the hurricane\nive watched real nuke films and they took away the clouds durring the explosion and clears the sky .
Hey RLL, I was wondering, since you've done a video on whether a volcano can destroy the world, can you maybe do if a hurricane can destroy a world?
The country Trinidad and Tobago are lucky with all the recent hurricanes, they nearly got that country
You'd get nuclear winds.
Jim Kong Un will be able to do this
Thanks for making this video.  It truly would be a lunatic idea!
I live in Texas
XD when America like shit there's a hurricane that's going to wipe all of America what are we going to do Mr . President \nTrump: Bomb the shit out of it...
This is my favorite channel to watch while doing homework
I live in Florida,and it is VERY hectic...trees are down, Roofs are down too
lol  there's one problem with this video; ITS COMPLETELY WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!
soooo the moral of the story is... bad idea. reeeeaaaalllllyyyyy bad ideaaaa....
why would you do that \nget some h e l p
3. Drop x Toyota Corolla's
herroshema
Thumbs up.
:(
Do it anyway
Toyota corolla meme is back
A radioactive hurricane.
Do earthquakes
Make available Canada🇨🇦 please
HAARP can destroy hurricanes
2:28 fx guru
math is bull
Soooo.... no?
I like his intro music
Kim Jong un take notes
You forgot hurricane Jose
What if Yugoslavia reunited today?
Your voice sounds totally fake
#nukeharvey
0:57  MY IDEA !\n\nAW
HELLO FRIENDS!!! hope u guys enjoy this deep dive into a different side of the ~mannequin challenge~ (jk it's nothing like that). hope u guys enjoy! would u wear any of this? xo, saf
I adore you so much Saf !!💖 I've been on a bing watching spree ? Sounds right 😂💕✨
Wow.  I actually loved the Zara and the Topshop outfits on you for some reason.  Weird, artsy looking stuff really suits you.  The Urban Outfitters one is how I dress daily, except without exposed bra.
This was fun, do you think you'll do one trying to recreate magazine ads or in store ads?
you honestly have the best videos
Have store employees pick your outfit (:
Can you do an eBay mystery box video?
i high key like the top shop outfit tho
Since Halloween is coming up, you should do like a makeup video with you doing your makeup like a fictional character.
And all the Doctor Who fans are screeching in the distance.
the 3rd outfit made u look like a minion, but im into it.
It would be an interesting video if you had kids pick out stuffed animals (like build a bear or American Girl Doll) and then you had to try to find the outfit that the animal was wearing, or try to match an outfit with the stuffed animal that didn't have any clothing on it :)
I actually love the Top Shop outfit. It's definitely following the 70's trend but in a more modern fashion type of way
The glasses look sooooo cute on her in the last outfit 😍
''Taylor Swift belly could not be more accurate.
is one of her arms larger than the other ?
i feel these is an essay about mannequins and retaling
Haha the h&m manneqin is exactly the Same in Germany🙈
HAHAHAHHA THE TWO GUYS THAT LOOKED AT U WHEN U WALKED BY IN THE LSD OUTFIT
You are so cute! Haha and you had to pick the most out there outfits, of course. And BTW, I like it that you changed your intro back to the old one. It's a very fitting intro to your hello, friends 🤣 Love you Saf!
Please do this again!!!! It was so good
I was in band and the last outfits pants reminded me of bibbers but without the straps
Quick video idea: there's an app called tasty which basically just has recipes for cool foods. You should do 1 week of only eating food from recipes off of there! love you saf.
Am I the only one that seriously loved the Zara outfit besides the hat and maybe glasses
Something about your makeup looks great in this video!! What changed?? Extra eyeliner?? 😍
Omg you should go into stores and ask their employees to style you
This makes me just want to buy stuff on mannequins because Saf rocked them all.
For what it's worth, Ms. Nygaard, I think you look beautiful in the outfit from Zara. :{)
can you do this one again it was really good
You looked so gorgeous in all of these outfits <33
as a lesbian I feel that since saf is straight she shouldn’t be wearing a flannel it’s just culture appropriation
Does no one else think the Zara outfit makes her look like a minion?
@ 5:39 the guys were checking you out
I really appreciate the effort you put into your videos :D
I'm going to be away from Youtube for the next month, so I just wanted to say, for Halloween....\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHAPPY 17TH BIRTHDAY, CRUSTYYYYYYY!!!!!!
I just want to know where I can get those floral boots
...giant LSD taking friend of a muppet! = Safia gold.
We are all going to look like colorful sheep - Saf 2017
Try the clear thigh high boots!!!!
5:40 , she must be a youtuber.
I want that black Francesca's top! Never heard of the brand in the U.K.
Girl you are so fun! I would love to be bffs with you!
You should review the mylola tampons and pads!! They're supposed to be made from 100% organic cotton. They mail it to you. Idk sounds cool haha
buy clothes from a store like SHEIN or romwe or zaful please!!
You can really pull off Funky, including Zara... slay them all !!   lol
Hernie can you dress like Will Smith from the fresh prince of bel air era? Watching it now and his outfits are... everything.
She reminds me of my ex, I can't watch these videos without my stomach hurting. So familiar looking.
U look so good in the top shop outfit omgggggggg
Do u still use your period products like diva cup and the period panties and leggings regularly?
I'm in love with the Francesca's and Top Shop looks!!!
can we just talk about how original safs vids are? how does she come up w this?? keep it up
Is anyone else getting Where's Waldo vibes from thd Zara outfit?
your description of the zara outfit killed me lol
I want a video of you trying clothes  (outfits) from zaful for a week!! I like how honest you are with everything!
those topshop pants makes your butt look goooood!!  ( i want those, but cant wear them ; / )
That hollister one was so cute!
The third look, kind of looks like you walked right off of the runway. Like they always exaggerate it on the runway because it just looks better like that. Like exaggerated makeup in the theater.
Finally a YouTuber who obviously puts effort in their videos 🙌🙌🙌🙌
Oh wow I loved those pants from Top Shop way more than I thought I would. Those are seriously cute! I can see how trying out mannequin outfits every now and then could be really fun, and you can get some surprising cute finds that you wouldn't normally try on.
~Idea for Halloween video~\nHalloween costume competition for under *selected price* and as collab with someone else.\nLike if you think saf should do this👍
You should do the first 5 diys you find on Instagram
Its amazing how good she looked in everything.... legit every random clothing item fit her so well
Your one ensemble, which included the white circular shades (I think outfit #4), looks like a female granny version of WALDO on ACID!!!🤣😂
You should buy what ever ad pops up on youtube videos
The one from Urban Outfitters reminds me of Dua Lipa, I like it. Though, from behind looks weird xD. I liked the one from Hollister, it was the most normal one, but, those types of black sandals are a no no. The outfit from H&M was the worst, boring. And the black thing didn't help at all, looks horrible XD
I NEED to know where the floral booties from the Francesca's outfit are from! Love them!!
All of the things she bought were cute separately
I loved this so much! Now I have the sudden urge to go shopping and up my fashion game. Can you do this for every season? This was such a fun video!
I would wear any outfit on a mannequin from Hollister anytime
You should a pregnancy belly for a week please !!!!!!!!!!!!🙏
Omg dress like the ppl from the just dance game for a week !
You sound and look like Robin from HIMYM. Like, it's a little creepy.
I love that Francesca’s outfit. I want that now! I actually am kinda digging that Top shop outfit on you
NO ONE'S MAKING YOU DANCE.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI love the SNL reference. lol
Everything she wore is something that a lot of kpop stars wear..
The first hat reminds me of Jane Lane's earrings from Daria (the 90s show)
Girl you were walking like you were in a fashion commercial wearing the furry-yellow-cuff denim jacket outfit! Yeeees!... And walk walk walk walk, spin, walk, turn, walk lol
Safiya how about featuring Fenty beauty line 👌👌👌
day four outfit was stunning
'I feel fluffy, oh so fluffy'
Try Thinx period panties
Check out my recent video, skrrt skrrt
UUUU DO MORE OF THIIIIS
Safiya should fo a holographic face mask
I freaking loved this 💛💛💛💛
i skinned elmo
8:34 Liza Koshy wannabe
Omg she's already hit 3m
Please test cladwell daily outfits!!!
The second outfit gave me bratz vibes.
yuppie morticia
the guys at 5:40
OMG I NEED THOSE SILK PINK PANTS XGJCBKDJ
I feel fluffy. Oh so fluffy!
buy an ebay mystery box!!
Georgeous
DO THIS AGAIN!!!!
sANTA ANITA MALL?
God Saf, don't make your thumbanil so creepy.
Since Saf is the period queen, this is where ill ask. My period is a month late. Wtf is happening and what shall i do or excpect?
Thank you for this. This glimpse into the reality that exists in the BVI right now does not exist, and people need to see this to understand. Thanks Sam.
💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
Wonderful documentary showing the resilience of these beautiful people and the strength of community in the face of such devastation. Thank you Sam Branson ! Shared to several groups...
Amazing story. Keep up the good work!
Thank you so much Sam for your big heart. This is a very moving video. Be blessed for reaching out to your community. The people also seem to genuinely love you. Thank you for reaching out and for sharing this with the world. #bvistrong
My home ❤️😭
Puerto Rico these nice guys are helping and Trump wasn't helping them. Is BVI getting enough help from the UK? Any other rich countries helping? What's the status with the other islands that got trashed nearby? I donated $25 on your virgin link.
Small stone houses can solve these problems. I know it's expensive for that part of the world, but can't someone powerful collect some money. Get stones/bricks and build proper houses.
@Sambranson #helphopehurricanes Thanks for sharing this moving, yet uplifting, video.  However, the American in the video said the island of Antigua was “bad”.  It is NOT.  Tourism in the Caribbean is more important than ever (accuracy is important for other's livelihoods).  Aid-tourism is a viable concept which I’ve already started work on, but needs support!   (Btw, I hope those children evacuated without mothers didn’t get transported straight into subsequent mess in PR).  Thanks again.
Many thanks for this Sam. Tears! Spent a lot of time in the BVI now barely recognize it. Thanks for helping those warm wonderful people. Have a friend in Tortola and she was wiped out then just after getting out of her place got bit by a pit bull! Please do a follow-up on this in a few months so we can keep abreast of their survival and progress.
It's scary to see what nature can do. Wishing luck to everyone out there as it will take time to recover from such a disaster. Nice Documentary
Thank you Sam for this and to show us this part of the world, those destiny and those situations. It's touching to see those communities and humanity. Thanks.
you're good people you branson's. good luck to you.
Seeing Nick tearing up like that was brutal.  The people of the BVIs are resilient, but they have a long, long road ahead of them.  I hope help is pouring in (as it needs to be).
These people care about one thing, Living.\nMeanwhile, arrogant Americans in the USA fighting over everything from skin color to kneeling to a slave song (National Anthem)\nPeople in the USA mind is fucked up. Most, not all
You truly are Amazing Brother, God Bless you and your Family. #OneLove🙌🙌
British Virgin Islands has the hart to rebuild better than before. A truly shocking insight into the devastation.\nIf this was to happen in my street, it would soon get very violent and selfish.
Thank you for this. Amazing community. Shared!!!
This had to be filmed didn’t, to show everyone the sheer state and spread the message . No. Everyone knows that people live in awful conditions and when you seem to be doing this to look like a ‘hero’ is appalling
This is just amazing
Is this guy related to Richard Branson?
This area is my favorite place on Earth. I hate that these wonderful ppl are going through this. Thank you for telling the world their story. God bless you!
Thank you for this film Sam, heartbreaking and heartwarming all at the same time.
Oh my goodness!  I knew it was bad but not this bad.  Thank you so much Sam for sharing this and giving an insight into how devastating the situation is.  God Bless you for your efforts to help these people.
thanks so much  as this film makes it so real, I hope they get lots of help.
Good stuff Sam. Thankfully Antigua was spared and is trying to help our neighbors. All the best.
And you have people in the UK moan over a bit of rain, people take life for granted.
Great video Sam - love to all the guys in the BVI!
I was not aware of the totality of devastation to this area. It's tragic but the spirit of the people in the midst of such difficulty shows their strength. They are stronger than I might be... not complaining, but truthful in certain situations and grateful when they see someone there to help. Thank you!
Thanks for posting this Sam. People have no idea how destructive these storms can be. I've been through quite a few in Bermuda, but nothing like this. So far this year we have been very fortunate to stay out of the path. Right now we sit between two storms for the second time this season.
The spirit and attitude of the people of Virgin Gorda is truly amazing.
Sharing Sam. Wish I could be there to help and hug. <3
Thank you from Singapore! Is internet connectivity restored +Sambranson  ?
Thankyou for documenting this.Gives good insight on whats happening in BVI.Am grateful there hopeful and grateful to be alive.It will get better with time.
Thanks so much for supporting this beautiful people in  need , thanks a million Sam.
I'm so appreciate for your good works. Keep going Sam.
Keep up the positive work Sam! Proud of you taking care of other and yourself. Stay safe and continue to have high spirits! Help is on the way! If you need a Master Electrician I'm always around! Don't look back and continue to build for a better future!
Sad to see such devastation but amazing job Sam going in to help! The world needs more people like yourself! Keep safe and positive. Hard times can have an effect on the brain too so take care of each other and you! Heads high and help is coming soon!
Help's coming.  Great job keeping hope alive Sam.
Thank you for this video. My niece is in St John living it & volunteering. Pictures can't show what they're experiencing but this gives us an idea.  God Bless you!
For a greener,stronger and more positive Virgin Islands! Amazing people! Stay safe Caribbean!
Love this..Thanks for sharing your good work!
One thing that bugs me.... at this age, why weren't these people evacuated BEFORE the storm hit? o.O
😥
<3
Bless you all 🌈🌞
❤️
How can I physically get involved and help in person, for an open amount of time, not a vacation? I am strong, multi-talented, and can do so many things, like help rebuild, with many carpentry skills, as well as cook, teach the children., an artist that can beautify the current environment they have.  Do you know of anyone who would be organizing volunteers?  Love to all on BVI.\nThank you for your honest and touching video.
David Irwin, Doubled D Charters shared your video out. I lived in St Maarten 10 years, visited VG. After watching hundreds of videos about islands destroyed, yours, reveals more realistic depth of Help, Hope, & Hurricanes, and Love bigger than any hurricane. Thank you. Love & respect.
Brilliant video, Sam Branson - Robin Pinfold and family  are having a fundraising in Cornwall, can we use this video?
Hi Sam. Great video. I’m devastated by what has happened. I want to know what I can do to help. My friends run sunchaser scuba and I was over there just in May / June. The pictures I’m seeing are horrifying and bring me to tears each time. 😢 how are the animals in the sanctuary on Necker doing and on VG?
What I don't understand is why there has been no preparation for this? For an island that regularly experiences hurricanes why are the buildings not being built with concrete and bricks? Why are the roofs not strapped? Why are the boats not pulled into dry docks? There is usually 10+ years between big hurricanes but it seems very little preparation if any has been done.
One of those I wish I could've been there things
Nice, I love it!
Nice work!
Nice!
*Coyote gets Interrogated by Russians*\nCoyote: I've been Stung by a killer bee, Bitten by a large Snapping turtle, Pinched By a Giant Crab\nWhat else you got on me\nRussians: Bring out the Fruits\nCoyote: Oh no.
Can you plz make more under water videos
Do you mean Freddy Fazbear from Five Nights at Freddy's?
I seriously hope one day they do something with a Moray Eel, it's one of my favorite sea creatures ^^\nOr maybe something with an iguana or dolphin ^^
Can we get more of the mighty tiabkcilc?
the should be a TV show
I know a lot about fish but I don't know if you can catch a stargazer
at curacao where I live we have a lot of turtles or fish
Your should have licked it
Who's watching this RIGHT NOW!?
Go to the island of oahu
My name is Freddy 😂
Can you do a video on stonefish
love the music makes it more suspensefull
Let it bit you
This would be the winner of water hide and seek
please brave wilderness, come visit nepal and do a video on red pandas
You guys have always said you keep the epi pen in case coyote has a negative reaction. Has that ever happened? Has he ever had an allergic reaction to any poison or venom or anything? Also, is his name really coyote? That's like a name guaranteeing a future animal expert! XD who goes with you guys? Camera men and coyote but are there ever medics or family members or anything? I want to know more about him. You guys should do like a 20 questions video with the whole crew, where we can ask questions and stuff.
Is it just me or is coyote really cheesy
Fousey tube looks good in that hat.
The second one shall be named Jaba
Is that actual corralline algae growing on the second frogfish? or is it a natural growth on the skin?
Why do you always get your right arm biten and stung
Roxy 7yr old. Name the big frog fish BIGGIE
The pirahnas don't discriminate they love fish all the same especially mutated ones
Coyote should do a video with those eels that make the super thick mucus (I can't remember their names, though).
WOOOSH!!!
So cool
Don't touch my finpads senpai!
Ugly but cool
Awesome vlog
E
Looks like a chicken nugget
Nice fish
Now do the BLOB Fish.
Surprised this isn’t on tv
Is it not bad by being bit stung every viedo I mean it has to be bad
coyote i have a question is all fish have backbone
Can you do a livestream?
Now here's somthing really cool... Bleeding gum add goes on.
I’ve found your next “on location!”. You should visit the prehistoric pet information building down in California! You can meet all kinds of reptiles!! I would love to see a video on this, but I don’t know where in California it’s located. But I’d love to see you guys tour the place!!!
U know 5 the drill WWE version\n1-john cena\n2-Brock Lesnar \n3-Jey uso \nWAIT \nDO U KNOW THE SCREW DRIVER?!??!!?!?!
Coyote can you try to find an Loch Ness monster? I think it's real
For the next animal to get stung by you should get stung by the platypuses Barb
You should try to find a chinchilla pls
that sound when the hole opens which is on the fins lolol haha
ABSOLUTELY THE COOLEST FISH I'VE EVER SEEN ! ! !  MY FAVORITE VID THUS FAR, COYOTE! Nature's Wonders never cease!!!
8:08 dis niggu can giv some ppl blow jobs man
To be honest it looks poisones
I don’t know why I can touch and lift non-venomous snakes and venomous snakes safely ....but I can’t touch those scary creepy spiders I mean that spiders is nightmare but I’m brave for those snakes....don’t hate me pls I’m a kid
To divers, frog fishes are all too common.
IS SHE REAL???? SHE LOOKS LIKE AN ALIEN https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO4wLsFPv-o
Hey coyote can u get up close with a Venus fly trap and try to get bit by it please
brother cyote huge fan of yours,  would love to see you work with Anacondas , Jaguars,  Leopards,  Bengal Tigers,  Lions,  Rhinos,  Hippos and many more \nwishing you all the best for your upcoming adventures looking forward to them \nbe brave
Hey Coyote, I was visiting family in the Sonoran Desert, and I saw a scorpion a bit bigger than the ball on the end of a pin, about a centimeter, and it was black. I was wondering what it was and I never found out. If you have an idea, please let me know!
Key eeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww really really bad and smell like blood and slimy
hey coyote, you should try to catch a Asian giant hornet its one of the BIGGEST hornets ever, i wanna see if your up for the challenge
Can you go to a turkey
Kinda reminds me of the snl skit where 2 sisters are mermaids and one is half blob fish 😆
I challenge you to have aids
why don´t you talk about stonefish? I know they can kill you but i´m not asking you to get stung. Would be interesting to get some insight about them
Coyote kinda looks like Ssundee
Can you do hermit crab pinch
Ugly+cute=cutglu
Catch a stone fish
Memo = Clown Fish
How about Freddy fazfish?  x3
Kauai leanord
You should come to leesburg florida because i have 2 turtles that maybe you can meet one is a striped mud turtle and the other is a yellow belly slider
We need a Australian person of you. (Brave Australianness)
Coyote: RIPPED apart to death by a grizzly bear\nCameraman: you ok?
Can you please find a wild fire skink and try to have it bite you!!!!
You are sooo brave that you are my fav YouTuber!!!!!!!!!
coyote can you please handle the inland taipan plz
uh g.... '
its so cuteeeeeeee <3
Go find a baby shark 🦈 you are going to get more subs and more viewers
Like for brave wilderness with wild kratts
Gross! 😨😱🐸and🐟🤔😞
9 MONTHS LATER NO WARRIOR WASP STING VIDEO ! \nWHAT IS GOING ON ???
My name is a Coyote Peterson and im gonna try to survive a day without wifi
I had a frog fish if was 9.3 long
It's  like a rainbow....of ugly
he prolly told all his friends that he was above the surface
I wonder if coyote has been in 🇨🇦
this is so cool because im training as of right now for open water diving and this right here lets me know what it will be like when i finally pass it :) it also keeps my motivation up
Try to get cuddle fish please. Like so coyote can see
I liked and subscribed to the channel. Thank you Coyote and the Brave Wilderness team for making all of these amazing videos. I do not know how I would have all the animal knowledge I have now without Brave Wilderness. Again thank you for making incredible, educational, and all out awesome videos.Sincerely your friend, Trenton
it's very ugly, but at the same time, cute
The one time he doesn't wear a hat and you can see his shaved head XD
That is so cool
Go find the Mexican redknee tarantula!!
I used to be an adventurer like you... But then I took an arrow in the knee...
Never Trust Edited Comments.... .\n\n\n\nAlso i am close to 1.5k :P
Do stung by stonefish
Mark sounds so unimpressed
Does it tastes good？
That's my favorite to
Please do a Stone fish Coyote!!
HEY JACK (He's in my class)
I’m doing my nails as I watch this
LIZA?!?!?!?! WHYYYYYYYYY.........?! PUT HER ON YOURE NAILS OR I WILL CUT THEM OFF!!!!!
Can you please make IT nails? One hand, the 1990 movie and the other hand, the 2017 remake? 💿💅🤡🎈
She did the twins I'm screaming
milk make up uses holo in their highlighters
I would love to surprise my boyfriend with his face on my nails ..
u know there is a MAGNETIC NAIL POLISH AND I HAD ONE BEFORE BUT I LOST IT HOLO SILENT CRIES
Shane! Drown bitch, drown! *cuts to ad leaving the crowd in suspense*
Over acting over paid wannabe....and I supported you? Lmaooooo
Christine! Please try this nail look, I know you could probably put some Holo somewhere on it! 😋 https://youtu.be/S1LsZ8HuOq4
What is the difference between glossy top coat and cler nail polish? 😭 i'm confused
i thought liza koshy was the little brown girl
An actual nail video! I didn't think you were capable of that.
if you don’t collab with Shane Dawson soon I will fucKING SCREECH
I saw the twins, I click.
idk i think it’s so funny that she says “decal” like “fecal”
Your a crazy  lady
**CRISTINE** ! Go look at Kylie Jenners purple palette! does it look farmiliar to you??
Rome can go to heck
What would happen if you put a matte taco over holo?!
Why dont she put ben's face in her nails? Xd
wait does this mean i can do this with Jacob Sartorius's face, because i really love him
hey Cristine what are you going to do for HOLOWEEN?
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqeVoP-6ixHcRF0vcbz7YcA . who wants to subscribe to me?lol😜
You need to try the num mind nail polish maker
do the num nums nail polish maker for kids?!!!
Why the hell am I watching this? Either way... like the nails.. yeh
AHHHHHH IVE GOT DUCK NAIL ROGHT NOW ABD I SWEAR MY THUMB NAIL IS ABOUT THE BREAK
Dolan twinssss that’s all i came here for
As soon as I seen the Dolan twins in the thumbnail I subscribed without even watching then I watched
New friends do you mean only friends? 😂
so people nominate themselves for the awards?
Is it just me but I was watching menchi the whole time😂😂😂
NO ONE WILL ANSWER MY QUESTION WHATS A HALO??????
As you all know, I am beauty guru
Omg my add on this video was a H💿L💿 jacket 💿💿💿💿💿
Cristine:Cristine : menchi did u have to many drugs today\n\nLater\n\nCristine I'm a good mom\n\nEven later\n\nCristine drown bitch\n\nHow are u a good mom what a bad example\nLol jk\n\nHow come menchi can say bad words because I'm 13 and she is much younger than me lol what am I doing with my life
Yesss u are beautiful person 💖😊 and nail fabulous💅
Poor Shane, you were being so mean to him 😖
I'll be honest, Cristine's sense of humor isn't the same as mine but i still watch her videos because she has such great tips and tricks... I'm a beginner with nails but now I'm so enthusiastic about doing nail art and it's so much fun thanks to Cristine. This just shows how her videos can appeal to so so many audiences . keep doing what you're doing!!
Hey Cristine, you should try this marble Halloween thing:\nhttps://www.facebook.com/ColorMadeHappy/videos/856309637858890/
ATTENTIÓN! \nI came with a genius video idea: how about making a video where you are giving yourself some plain french manicure AND THE VIDEO IS COMPLETELY IN FRENCH???????? (w/ subtitles)\n\nthank you for the applauses, like please so Cristine could see
HAVE YOU EVER WATCHED THE BBC VERSION OF GREAT EXPECTATIONS? THE YOUNG ESTELLA LOOKS JUST LIKE YOU
I'm simple. \n\nI see shane.\n\nI click!
*Cristineeee* can you please do the *VELVET NAILS* !!!
i so disapoint Christine no win beautiful person award
please give me the DOLAN TWIN NAILS RIGHT NOW
After this video I just kinda kept thinking what if she put Shane Dawson's thumbnail on her thumbnail?
hell yeah! finally a video where cristine actually paints her nails again :D
She Was Born On October 17, Which Is Eminem's Birthday.
PLEASE get the holo tops back!! Please! I really want like 5 of each color!!!! No one in my school knows about my sexuality!!! I need to come out as a holosexual!
Only watched because I saw the Dolan twins 😂❤️
High key this makes me so happy that you put jenna on ur middle finger
CRISTINE. HOLO MAKEUP ALERT. Too Faced released a HOLO PEEL-OFF GLITTER EYELINER.\nhttps://www.sephora.com/product/glitter-pop-peel-off-eyeliner-P425200?skuId=1994359
Congratulations or SuperWoman!
Drown Shane DROWN BITCH. 😂💀
O.O DOLANS!
I see Dolan Twins....I CLICK!
Do a H💿L💿ween nail tutorial 🎃💅
o2nails
BITCH WTF LAST TIME YOU DID A NIAL VID WAS 3 MONTHS AGO OMFG FINALLLY
cristine love your videos your awsome keep being awesome nailogical
ALL HAIL MY HOLO QUEEN!
Menchi is high
Why does she hate jenna?
#TEAMSUPER !!!❤❤❤
MAKE HOLO SLIME
menchie reminds me of my cat
MAKE HALLOWEEN NAILS!!
Dont bring menchi into this
HELL YEAH
Menchie definitely stole the show 😘
When holoween comes you should make some holoween diys
Hi my name is Jenna and I have a basketball game tomorrOoOOOoOowwwWws
I was paying more attention to menchie😂😂😂
Please do a peelie collection because you seem like you have a million. Love ya
Don't make fun of the Dolan Twins haha just kidding I wish I only had they Dolans on my nails 💚💜❤️
SimplyNailogical...quoted Liza’s motto...as Lilly’s. There should be an emoji that does that eyeball strain thing... \n‘Just a little brown girl with big dreams.’\nSTILL LOVE YOU TO THE H💿L💿 AND BACK, CRISTINE!
I COULD ONLY FOCUS ON MUNCHIE
*sighs* I remember the good old days when Christine actually uploaded nail tutorials😂🤣😂🤣
Plz sponsor me love you so much holoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😁😘😁😁😘😘😘😘😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😽😻😽😻😽😽😻😽😽😻😽😻😻😽😻😻😽😻💋💋💇❤💚💜💙💛💛💙💜💚❤❤💚💜💙💛💙💜💚❤❤
I see the Dolan twins I click 👌👌👌
I SAW YOUR NAILS IN THE STREAMYS
Subs me I'll SUB BACK WITH 3 ACCOUNT'S just say Done if u subbed me..
Please do more nail art
Today i had my very first holo nailpolish so I officially came out of the closet as a holosexual 😍💿 it's a silver holo with big chunks and i can't believe how pretty it is 😍 it's also my birthday 🎉
came here for Christine but saw Dolan twins and freaked the fuck out 😂
i saw Gray and E and clicked.
The Dolan twins ARE not in school
When ur names Jenna😂
ITS ALMOST HOLOWEEN😍🙂😇
MAKE YOUR SHELF HOLO
HOLY SHIT ETHAN AND GRAY
*top ten saddest anime deaths*
Make edilible HOLO
plz do some horse nail art
Hmmm Jenna on that particular finger .. 🤔🤔
_This is_\n*_Holoween_*
Any bromie omies here?
I painted my calculator with H💿L💿 nail polish. It looks absolutely gorgeous ❤️❤️❤️ So wish me luck for my Math exam tomorrow🍀😬
am i tripping or am i using drugs
THAT INDIAN LADY WITH SALWAR
Amazing song! Wish you guys could come and check my music out too. Thanks
Love this song adam lavigne and sza goals 😍😍
Who come here before i come?
i love how she was suerfing with heels
In one week they got 9.8 million views
Sza part is lit as hell🔥
Been here before 100+m views
Maroon 5's best music video!!
Too much bass, as usual.  Bass is the most overplayed, overrated, over-utilized, over-appreciated, instrument of this planet.
I admit, if just one person reads this it will make my day. I'm a music artist from Los Angeles. I am aware that people make these comments everyday, but I honestly believe that I'll be the one you will be excited you did listen to. I'm almost at 50 subs and growing, I know that not much but it's a start. If ONE PERSON could just give this a thumbs up, you will be a step closer to helping a man's dreams come true. I promise I don't suck and you won't be disappointed. I just need one chance and 2 minutes.
I love this song<3
You are very amazing
love this song, just realized Sza was the feature. great combo!
I felt high watching this music video
The ending could be revised.
This is a cool video
What Lovers Do
I'm a bit confused but I like the song so whatever
Animation is very bad
adams voice sounds like a cat getting raped
Director: What effects you want?\nAdam: yes
thank you sza for not being basic like these other artists. this is amazing.
When i hear this song i fell in love . I love u
Whomever is responsible for this video was extremely high on some psychedelic ish! But I love it lil!
AKMU's original version is better, look up AKMU - Dinosaur
Didn't they start out as a rock band?
when hear it I thought the girl is hailee steinfield 😂 gosh. I was wrong its sza.. same voice😰😰
is it just me or do other people think that the best part of the video is when at the start the deer says say say say oh hey now baby
such a great track
This feels like a song and video for Disney I like it love SZA love Maroon 5 ♡🎶♡🎶♡♡♡
my baby girl making more videos nice nice
Adam Levine or Pornstache from OITNB with that mustache? 😂
I thought sza was white?
This music video is so sad, he fell into a coma for like 30 years and he didn't marry his girlfriend  ;-;
Racism over LMAO
Warro five
😍😍😍😍
Mistrzostwo...zawsze świetne teledyski.Adam kocham Twój głos
Maroon 5 - What Lovers Do ft. SZA
I Love 😍
Maroon 5 - What Lovers Do ft. SZA
Maroon 5 - What Lovers Do ft. SZA
cold was better
Maroon 5 - What Lovers Do ft. SZA
sooo lovely movie
LiT combo omfgg plus sza kind of sounds like camila cabello idk
Menat
❤️️ this song
Greatly Fascinating  Magnificent Video
tyna do what llamas do
Brilliant song.
👍
❤❤❤❤❤😉😉😉😍😍😍😍
who remembers teen spirit?
Say say hey hey Na baby 😘😘😍
Brasil?
😉😉😉😉😉
SZA
What Lovers Do ft. SZA
weeks later
SZA 😍
a
Is best Wonderman - The Rasmus ❤
What Lovers Do ft. SZA
What Lovers Do ft. SZA
Love the video
3.33min long
That ending tho
Best song ever
Outstanding. Video...💘
Macaroni 5 - what Food lovers do feat Sauce Raw sauce
lacre
too koo too koo too, shishefolyu, UMM UMM!!! thats what losers do, OH!!!!\nlyrics, thats what losers do-maroon 5 feat zsa  \nlol
Algum Br?
Bravo my pepole I LOVE YOU FOR REAL BE CERFOL YOU KNOW CERFOL YOU HAVE HOW MAČ KLONS LOVE KISS STIVEN T. AND ME M.AND I Z.Zoe.AL.ED i mean M and M. MK love love love ko fol ko fol ilil nije Žao mi je recite Donaldu radi tropske oluje gdje će zavšti 22 policija mora znati mani ili what kiss kiss and cet.
Sza = Seizure?
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Love this song
Best director joseph khan.
I'm shooked
Like music
niceee video so creative nice sticky song
Prays the Lord Adam👼
fantastic song!! fantastic video!!!
Watching this while high ...
Your voice is fake i know that !
I love this :).
what love do\nso best
💞💞💞💞
what the fuck is this video lol
i love ♡
This music is so cute... I love it
I'm so high
Holi
no offence but only moves like Jagger is only song i like ...a
Ouçao iza -pesadao
Nowhere near enough SZA in this song.
Love Adam lavine
Put Your hands up do you love this is song 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
The song let me remember that I loved you so much
Damn!!! This is emotional.. he's too good at drawing people into his singing.
Sam, you are a God among men. Your voice touches my soul. your Handsome Face expresses every emotion in a rather desirable way. the way you you say Hold me it's the most sensitive way. it makes my heart stop. This is my absolute favorite son.  It is the story of my dating.
want to earn extra money???\nkindly click the link and try it....\nhttp://formoneyonly.com/?refer=157262
Sam's voice is so good I can't find a word to describe it
When is he and Adele giving me my damn collaboration?!😩
Sam Smith lost so much weight, he looks so good! and the song is just amazing, his voice is unique.
I love him so much!!!!!!
Next super live version after when we were young - Adele
omigosh it sounds exactly the same as the mv
i can't believe this is live...
Amazing mixed voice 👑elegant and emotional 💖 💎
i love this song
im so addict with his voice!!!! fall in love with him ;)
I'm way too good at high fives
I❤U Sam Smith  love so much..
This is so pure
omg I can't tell the difference between the live and the studio version what a legendary!!
How can i be accustom to his incredible voice. every time i watch his live,  I thought i was listening to the audio version
He's the male version of Adele
Sam, you're new hit its beautiful . and what a voice
I like your voice
i love your songs! your voice! everything it just... you are perfect
God took George Michael almost a year ago but left us with Sam Smith 🙏🏻🙌🏻
Hi I made a cover of this song I would really appreciate it if you could check it out!
wow he us so good at live
his songs have always gotten me through hard times
sam smith can't sing ok bitch
It doesnt matter where...he can sing his ass off. Live or recording
holy sh...!! this is perfection 💜💜💜💜
Your voice is so much better live than in recordings Sam great job
Now this is classic Sammy!  Don't bother watching his official video --- it's boring!  And when you have a voice like this, you don't need any extemporaneous BS to dilute from the main product being presented. How about a duet with Adele, written by Babyface.  Oh, and one last thing!  C'mon Sam, I know you are nice and svelte now, but where's is your belt, my boy!  Just sayin' . . .
Better than the studio version! Great voice
why lose so weight.....i dont like it......better before!! :/
I made a parody of this!
all i can say is DAMN
Too good to be true, Sam Smith!!
Sam Smith you make my heart sad and happy
Every time he hits that first chorus I start tearing up
One of the very few voices which sounds flawless live. You go Sam! 💗
better than the studio one, when he sing live it's heavenly beauty..
Hi, please check out cover on my channel \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-SZ6FUENMw
Oh God! Just replay it!
Fantastic.... am so love't
His the best for me wow loved him and his voice since day one. His voice is ecstatic. But I dont know why his lost too much weight.😯
he should have said im way too good at singing
You.   Know who's the most prettyiest person on this world 🌎\n\n\n\nYou know who? read the first word ❤💯❤
It sounds as good as the auto tune BUT NO AUTOTUNE AMAZING
his voice is so beautiful love this song for mi a of the best song of the year
i love sam Smith
His new outfit and body shape is incredible!
The moment when I hear his first tone, I smile for no reason cause it makes me feel relieved.
This is one of the very few people that really deserve the title singer.
His voice kills me and brings me back to life at the same time!lol <3 <3 :)
*_He has a new boyfriend! Sam Smith is dating Brandon Flynn...they look really happy and cute together :)_*
I’m really addict to this song sooo much! A touching song always can write into our hearts!😍😍
good songs and sam smith is the best
can u try my music \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw5VkqsetqY&feature=youtu.be
I have listened to tons of covers of this song in the last few days and even though a few were quite good, but there was non so good like Sam´s. His voice is so special and he gives the right emotion to every notes and every words.
What the hell happened to him. He is the most gorgeous thing ever....drooling here on my desk!!!
His voice is beautiful.
Who thought of theses genius lyrics  ❤ god he's voice is healing
bam the man lol
Hermoso!
❤️😍
Too Good At Goodbyes
Melt!!!
No auto tune needed😍
touched my heart.
I 👍
amooor eterno a esta canción lpm
Damn he got skinny tf he look hella different.
What a WOW!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BucwAuik3I
😪😪😪😪Plz Sub Me..😪😪😪😪
Lindoooooooo
Hueón seco <3
Eargasm 👂🏻💦
OMG SAM SMITH YOUR VOICE IS SO AWESOME
Fantastic!!!!!
Amazing!!!!!
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldWorld*
😍😩❤️👏🏾fav
💜
Vc é o cara mano ❤
This song ❤️😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡!
😍
My heart hurts me i swear
How you getted so fast thinner?  😁
Too Good At Goodbyes
Adele & Sam collab needs to happen soon!
Too Good At Goodbyes
good good song
Amazing 😍😩
I love it !!
I love you ❤️
Amo tanto esta música, ao meu ver espelha-se em ter amor próprio em primeiro lugar❤
There is something  in your voice just can't explain it waaaaaaaaaw love it
about 20 years after school finished... khm...
I like LELE'S hair especially when It's short
*has a laser*\n*makes a hole*\n/smaller an herself/
Wtf. This is like Collegehumor's video... Jesus....
Wow, just found your channel and am so glad I did! Your sense of humor is gold :) <3
How did he get a photo of her, in the house? He was asleep and the little sister didn't have a camera or phone....😂
Do something vampire related
Her nails
Boobs\n.. 😍😍
just shake your phone so it will undo
😂😂😂
this video kinda looks sponsored with those gadgets
i wish i can meet you but i am at melbourne
I like the part when her bf texted her
Look at the frist part her finger nails tho
Wuz I suppose to laugh
I love you
I know you went to the white house
Who thought that the video was mission impossible instead of message impossible
Hope you make keeping up with the gonzales 3
What is her ending song
Not hating or anything, I never noticed her beauty mark until she got her hair cut 💕
If they has a app to watch all their videos on, I would totally download it.
Is her real Name Lele ? \nWhen yes my Name is Lele Too ✌🙌
id just say someone photoshot it
you make the best videos
I need this lol😂😂😂
Wtf is going on with your finger
Good one at last
I'm in love with  your hair
Not trying to be creepy or anything but Leles boobs looked so good in this video
I'm so happy
her nails are funnier than the video
Is this supposed to entertain people?
i like the video
love her so much
Can't act
Ik exactly how lele fills
Your so pretty
Twele I ship it
That wallpaper was overwatch map called illios
😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
😂
Lele what happen to your thimb nail???
Your prettier than hanna and innana😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
i didnt laugh and  the category is comedy
What?
Eww
Lele,your my favourite!!!✌🏻✌🏻
Nastiest fingers of the unviverse right there.
quick note: YOU ARE NOT FUNNY TO ANYONE WHO HAS MORE THAN 5 BRAIN CELLS
This is like the Crazy Ex- Girlfriend episode😂😂
Her makeup is so pretty in this
People who find this crap funny have a IQ level of 7 -_-
Does lele reply to anyone? (I seriously don't know)
When she says nooooooooo she sounds like a mexican
😂😂😂😂😂
Lele stops biting your nails girl!!! But I love you!!!
So funny I love you😂
Anyone else find this very stressful 😂
do vlogs please vlogs vlogs vlogs please
Is it night? Cus he said its time for my lunch
It is funny funny when the little gril said good night what well you do if that happen to you
how did it even get to him?
I just want to see lele for a day
we detected a little sister \nLOL
You know chat programs in china can recall message
show me how to dance like u
I was watching TV and I saw twan Ina music video with Sofia Carson
I love your shorts at the begging Lele
You're not funny
Ola Comostas See Ya Im Spanish And English
Who has lunch at 9pm
Lele what happens to your nails queen 💅🏼💃🏻🕺🏻
I really started worrying when his sister came into the scene.😂
Am I the only one that saw the overwatch poster of Elios?
I did not know that Leles nails where that short
Can u please follow me. Love u lele pons like Hannah and innna
Does anyone know what Lele has to do with Greece?Because I can see a wallpaper of Santorini (Island in Greece),and the pillows have blue and white,as the Greek flag. So yeah....
Hey
Her nails😭
I love you lele 😍😘😘❤
/  nn
bro rele lele
Hi lele
Bb
I LUV U LELE😍😍😍😍
LOL THE ENDING HAHAHAHAHHA
queer.  what
Did anyone laugh ? :\
Akwjsj
I watch every video Elle pons .
Woww
This isn't funny?
Weird and inr
Lele pons i will expose ur ass
👍👍👍👍😁😁😁😁😳😳😳😳😳😛😛😛😛😛😃😄😄😄😄
O cool 💕💕💕💕Twan 😍😍😂😂
Hi Lele make more videos if you don't make more videos I tell people to stop watching all right guys and let me tell I love your videos please make more everyday I get bored every time and I check hey let me see if lele make videos but I don't I don't see some but I don't see some videos everyday so can you please make another one tomorrow right guys tell lele that I want more videos whoever like lele video I would like their videos to follow me on YouTube Instagram and Facebook I make slime so that's what I do and I'm selling to some people that who really want to make slime the stuff that they need to make slime so yeah
Who votes for Jele Zuripons like if you agree
Look at how he has to give a lecturing speech to a bunch of grown men and women. It just goes to show you how childish racism is...you literally have to speak to a racist like a child.
oooh the virtue signalling gen gen said racism won;t be tolerated ooooh I guess I have to stop being a racist now - said no racist ever
Simply phenomenal  ... He should run the president of the United States of America. He'll have my vote for whichever party he runs .
Finally; about time got LEADERSHIP ROLE MODEL at USAF Academy; took too long; Finally; Thank you, Superintendent Lt General Silveria for your presence at USAFA!
Who the heck downvotes this?
Lt. General Silveria you earned my respect!
Well said, Lt. General. Much respect!
why doesn’t this man run for presidency ? He needs to. he would be a great leader
SJW's are getting a hard-on for the first time in awhile, after seeing a dominant male in a position of authority giving a hint of altruism. The cuckhold grip has loosened just enough so that all the pent up Estrogen can finally be released, breathing a sigh of relief, knowing even the hardiest of Jarheads can fall for their crazy liberal propaganda's.
Great! We need more like this man.
for a 3 stars general to say this in 2017 that proves his  leadership has just failed. words wont fix this mess. should have enforced better codes and resolved this problem without  hanging his dirty laundry to the public. this general needs long term vacation. let all the world know and see his lack of sight and management and thus may underestimate all.   A low rankling officer in a police station would have handled this situation better. maybe that is why there is a position called a speaker to address and answer the public  professionally if requested by the higher leadership in-charge.
Lt. Gen. Jay Silveria.......you restored my HOPE today!
Owned the issue. Unambiguous response. Championed moral courage. Lt. Gen. Silveria is presidential!
Maybe you could give Trump a speech on how to treat people. My God what he's doing to the Puerto Ricans. Today, his visit was completely condenscending while accomplishing nothing except embarrassing them, us and himself.
Blah, blah, blah...All you do is talk-talk! Why is an element of divisiveness allowed to leave or stay on their own? As long as no action is taken against these haters--They will always victimize.
Wow! Thank you for your service and for standing up for the simple principle of respect for one another! People like you are why I love this Country!!! Best to you!\n\n#Class #Respect #Leadership
The irony in this guys words is just too much. His job is to kill people. For money. To kill foreign people in a foreign land. For money!!! My chest hurts
Well done that man! Just when you think that there is no hope for the human race, when you think  that despair is the only possible response to the world around you, along comes   a man like this who makes you proud to be a human, makes you think that maybe just maybe there is hope. Such an eloquent and heart-felt speech.If it doesn't move you, you aren't fit to be called human.
JFK  wanted a black astronaght to be part of the original 7 of Project Mercury but there weren't any black test pilots
I don't understand the dislikes I just don't understand.
Excuse, shit head, Iam 63yrs. old.. Where I went to school, we was tought  that to GET RESPECT you had to GIVE RESPECT!!! NOW, what I want to know is,, we're to RESPECT PEOPLE WHO DON'T RESPECT US.. IS THIS WHAT YOU'R SAYING..
...racism is spreads like fire from the bottom, from the single source of ignorance, from the single individual expressing his dissatisfaction, disgust and hate of things around him...then becomes a wildfire and consumes even the strongest of institutions...
Now that's what a military talk sounds like
This guy should be the fucking president of the united states
19,000 likes Versus 764 racists. Racists, there's your ratio.
Its a shame there aren't more Lt. Gen. Jay Silveria's in this world!
Let the witch hunt begin!
thanks again for your support in this case I thought you might want to get the boys together and have a good weekend and I'll be back in town tomorrow
Next United States president
know that just like the Jew lead blacks into wanting to gangbang sell drugs and kill' through paying some big money to shuck and juvie' like NWA 2pac chef keef JayZ and many others' who chose to lead there people into the dark' for a life of riches' based on lies and destruction of there own people'..yup he would know that the honest pro whites are exposing the mass control the Jew has in media Hollywood and collage university's .. and he would know that the Jews are using the blacks to try to choke out the white mans truth because he is trying to wake everyone up to the false reality' that  is being drilled into your mind-all day everyday..
Well said sir. Racism and intolerance have no place in the modern world.
Heroes like this. Heroes like this are the real reason I wake up in the morning, the real reason I can sleep at night. The ideas they have, the love they bring. \n\nI have a good idea:\n\nWith all the horrible people spreading hatred out there, threatening to nuke us, our allies and with people on our side threatening to nuke people we don't like, we need to spread the idea of love and respect. We will not, should not and cannot tolerate disrespect and/or disparage any other person for any reason given besides their actions towards another human being. \n\nSo if you hate another person for the color of their skin, you need to GET OFF OF YOUTUBE. You don't belong here, where love and compassion should exist. \n\nIf you hate me or anybody else, you need to GET OFF OF YOUTUBE. \n\nIf you, angry, decide to dehumanize somebody based on something they don't like, you need to GET OFF OF YOUTUBE. \n\nThis is a community. We respect one another with passion, consideration, love and the utmost respect and honor.\n\nIf you cannot, will not and if you think you should not do that for the innocent people who do so much to help you and me because of the color of their skin, gender, age, country of origin and/or beliefs, not their actions, then you need to GET OFF OF YOUTUBE. \n\nThey are not the problem.\n\nYou are. \n\nAnd as people, we get rid of the things we don't like about ourselves, about our community.\n\nIf you are a nuisance to our community, then you need to GET OUT.
Say a joke\nThe United States has no racial discrimination~
They were Trump Supporters. I bet
Thank you for being human.
Why is it that some people in the comments are *more upset* about him condemning racism, than the actual act of racism, smdh 😒
The world need more leaders like Gen. Silveria...
I can't believe this has had only one million views. This man just virtually  declared himself running for office!
Those words shook me those words remind me of what the military felt like 10 years ago
trump is a grate president  yall just don't notice what he doing good cuse yall lesson to fox news and cnn they dont tell truth he bringing jobs to america he putting liberal in there place
JRLM you are a complete keyboard pussy because you refuse to use your real name nor a real photo of yourself. You and your words are without merit. LtGen Silveria's words are complete politically correct showboating which is destroying our military. Have you noticed, MORON, that the so-called racist words have not been published?
I do wish the so called President, the #45 would understand what this General speaks about....
Subscribe to my channel!\nReward: watch me give all racist 10 kicks up his ass!
Never was a patriot but after watching this, I feel proud to be an American.
ITS ONLY RACIST IF YOUR WHITE. FUCK THEM LIBTARDS.  I FUCKIN HATE THE RACE SHIT!!!!  I AM 75% CHEROKEE FUCK ALL LIBERALS AND AND WHITE GUILT. FUCK THE LEFT . I WANT ALL LEFTIST TO LEAVE MY FUCKIN LAND.
Agree with what he said. All groups have good and bad people with good and bad qualities. No one is perfect, and I don't think anyone is 100% evil. My question thou is: Do they know exactly who did it, and why? Was it truly someone evil showing there views? Was it an idiot just doing a protest to be like all the others protester? Like he said, protest but no options to make things better. Was it someone just flame baiting to get things going? One final option, was it some one of the offended group doing it to themselves to make the issue blow up? This has happened in a few cases. Regardless, we do have to live with one another, and if we work together, we can make this a better world.
Diversity really has nothing to do with racism.  You could have a perfectly equal amount of all races represented and still have racism.
My better idea, stop promoting garbage like Charlottesville and Ferguson.  \nHad people let the White Supremacists have their little rally in Charlottesville it would have been small, not on TV and quickly forgotten.  The problem was that the counter protesters honestly believe that the white supremacists don't have the right to free speech.  \nThe Ferguson protest was about a cop who justifiably killed a man for robbing a convenience store and then resisting arrest and trying to harm the cop.  \nCan we please just promote the truth....can the leaders in the military, like Lt. Gen Jay Silveria, please just promote the truth.\nRacism in the US is lower than anywhere else in the world and the more we keep beating this drum of racism the more people are going to resent each other AND THAT CREATES MORE RACISM!!!  For the love of God, PLEASE, stop this insanity.\nNigger is a horrible word, it is a dehumanizing word, much like the words that the military tells our soldiers to use when we go to war with another country.  Chinks, Japs, Krauts, Ruskies, Commies, camel jockeys, all used to dehumanize the enemy so the soldiers can sleep at night after killing another human being.\nBTW, I refuse to say the n word instead of nigger.  I will never call someone a nigger, but I refuse to act like a 3 year old, cover my mouth and say the n word when speaking to adults.  If you are offended, I don't care.
This is what real leadership looks like, not what that idiot in the white house is doing.
I'm not American but this guy makes me wanna be one ASAP. Fuck stupid ideologies.
Excellent, thank you for speaking up.
I knew I should've joined the AirForce.
We need a people like this man he represent how is this nation and how directed these democracy  Not like the clown we have in the White House.
Give this man a fourth star for that collar!
Okay Lt.Gen. Silveria, who was the culprit?  What was their racial identity?  WHY did they do it?  We understand there was a racial epitaph but that same word you can hear 30 times a minute on any rap radio station.  What if it were another black person who wrote it?  What if it were one of the occupants of the room looking to start a false narrative because they were on the verge of failing the prep school?  Lots of questions and you have not provided any answers.  I understand the Air Force is not really a branch of the military but sheesh, quit being a PC lump.  Get some facts before you express your outrage that may not be what you think it is.  Duh.
Thank you for posting such good videos! It is always great to see there's still good people out there!
Wow, a grandstanding, blow-hard G.O., imagine that!  Hardly ever see those.  Especially ones that spout off before finding out the facts.
That was an excellent speech!!! Trump should get some training from this man.
This will stay as one of the greatest speeches of the century.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!  Wonderful talk!  Admirable leadership that should be an example for all, particularly our current President!  I served two years in the military, and this makes me very proud.
OMG, he makes me feel so proud of our military and our people.
This is the type of Man is need it to be our President. Not the piece of shit of a so call president that we have now.
What's about 700+ dislike?
I can't watch the entire thing. I get too upset thinking how our own president can't do nor say such intelligent things like this... these smart leaders like this guy must get so upset thinking we have an idiot running our country and he's this guys boss
I’m confused, where are the offended black people, all I see is white people shaming other white people for being racist. Like wtf is going on, first pewdiepie says the n word and a bunch of white people are offended, like are white people secretly black?
Silveria for President!
wow!  love, love, love!!!!  awesome!!!!!
fuck racism and racist people
Excellent
GOOSEBUMPS
Get out!!!
What leadership looks like.
Well said Sir.\nWell said...
😭
Usausausausausausa
Yep
O
Bad ass mother fucker right there!!!!!!
Whooo fuckn raaaaa!
Brilliant!
Trump's America
Thank you Lt Gen Jay Silveria!
Thats your answer https://youtu.be/jn2x_qs2V6A Idiots!!!!
You'll never get this speech from 45 because divisiveness and intolerance were key to his success.
And people wonder why they kneel
Rumor is the  black cadets wrote it on there own boards..... maybe the Airforce needs to investigate before  jumping on the racism band wagon !!!!
Yeah when America was founded by whites it should be for whites this is why I'd never join a army that allows nigger and Muslims and faggots
Lt General Silveria: Don't you have something more important to do? Perhaps preparing the students to handle the next war?
From a US Army combat vet: well said Lt. Gen, cut fence and sort those racist bastards out....
Racists are insecure moronic imbeciles
You know what made Hitler dangerous?? He spoke the truth ....
Propaganda to the max
racism is childish and children don't even do it
Its good to know people in those branches Care as a black man i fucking salute you Sargent
finally a white person speaks up
774 racists out of 20,000? Good job you guys, we're makin Youtube great again!
Most likely, it was a fake hate crime as usual. Wont hear anything after its exposed as a hoaxed as with previous incidents.
seems pointless and democratic to those kids who said what they said obviously know everything hes talking about this guy record this ?? your fired
“The power of diversity, comes together and makes us that much more powerful.” – Diversity is what makes our military and our nation great – “If you can’t treat someone with dignity and respect, then get out.” \n\nI have never been prouder to be a veteran of the USAF. Amazing, bold, decisive.
Whats your favorite dessert? For more fun cooking ideas see here:https://youtu.be/tiydbycHA44?list=PLQ_T2NppE0PKNyiZitj427Kuj1lhR6YDy
This comment will get likes for no reason
Apple cores are a myth
wait hold on.... i swear i heard him say 'cree'
P R E T T Y C O O L H U H ?
I would just have the filling and the crumble
So take an apple; Remove the guts; and skin it that's what I thought instead of what he actually said '^'
Sugar spice and everything nice
Btw you can also use cinnamon with the crumble for extra flavor!
MORE SUGRU
Pizza Dough without yogart
*Lil bit of SUGAR*
it looks gross but imma try this
👍🏻lic
1:36 face reveal
Pretty cool,uh?
Pie
and they taste great
dave hax has glasses on his face and a beard
You add to much sugar atleast i think so
I'm so sick of that bg music
I'm just here to respond to your title...no I would not eat an apple like that. Is it easier than holding an apple and biting it, no. So...no I would not eat an apple like that
This is so cool and I love fall! Thank you for showing us this
eating apple makes my tongue red and sore
Dude that's a pot!! Not pan my god...
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming! \nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus!\n\nHe LOVES you! Believe it! \n\nPlease do not believe the lies of the enemy. Jesus is NOT angry at you. He is waiting for you to call upon Him! \n\nHe will deliver you and save you from what is swiftly coming! Look around you in this world, every thing is becoming chaotic. Jesus warned us about these signs in Matthew 24. \n\nPlease, if you do not know The Lord, make Him Lord of your life TODAY. You may not get another chance to do so, and to die without The Lord Jesus is extremely DANGEROUS. \n\nThe Lord promised to never turn a person away when they come to Him, so come as you are and let Him make you new. \n\nShalom, friends!
I didn't like
i like to talk like this guy when im bored to irritate my mum...
I’m eating a sandwich now. Thanks for making me hungry.
That's a pot not a pan. GF's chest is as flat as a pan. That pot is deep. Also like my GF
Do a face reveal
Why waste the insides of the container apples?  Better to spoon the apple out and cook that instead? No?
Too many apples , also very sweet.
If he was Canadian he would say pretty cool ah
The mixed spice looks like cinnamon like if you agree #appletree
Who's watching in 2085?
I use a plastic knife and slit it.... my friends think im crazy....
OMG Face reveal leaked!!!
Face reveal on 1:37
Can you make a pancake in a waffle machine
Go to 1:36 you will see daves face
I ate an apple with a spork (fork and spoon together)before what’s the deal? (Saw thumbnail)
My nan has buckets full of apples, we’ll definitely be trying this ‼️ love it ‼️❤️❤️❤️
WHY NOT HOLLOW OUT THE APPLES FIRST, THEN USE WHAT IS SCOOPED OUT IN THE RECIPE???? NOW THAT'S A HACK!!!!
Instructions not clear, ended up with a hole in my penis.
Difference between a life hack and a tutorial, no percise measurements.
call this a food hack in front of ramsay,i dare you...
Hell no, the skin of an apple is riddled with toxins.
So, why not just hollow out the first apples?
How to prank people on YouTube\n\n\nRead more
This isn't a life hack. This is a recipe.
Face revealed at 1:35. He has a brown fluffy beard and glasses!
*I'm 27 days from turing 11.*
What in fresh hell is this?
Don't you wash the apples
Generic royalty free background music ✅\nEnglish dude talking over shots of the main focus of the video ✅\nLife hack ✅\n\nCongratulations, you have made it on trending.
Would you eat an apple like thGALLIUM SPINNERS
I shudder every time you say pretty cool, huh? Stop it Dave!
Did he say Tong??? Is he racist
Next on davehax : how to make a gallium apple crumble fidget spinner life hack
Hey Dave. I have a channel. I am Greek. If you want subscribe to me. I have subscribed to you.
Thanks  for  the  nice   weather  is  nice
Wow! That's a great life hack, DaveHax. My favourite dessert is ice-cream! :)
Davehax I am giving you a idea to make video make a video on thing you do wrong  and then show the right way
hmmm good video
Pretty cool huh 😹
davehax\ndaveha\ndaveh\ndave\nda\nd\ndi\ndiy\ndiy g\ndiy ga\ndiy gal\ndiy gall\ndiy galli\ndiy galliu\ndiy gallium \ndiy gallium f\ndiy gallium fi\ndiy gallium fid\ndiy gallium fidg\ndiy gallium fidge\ndiy gallium fidget \ndiy gallium fidget s\ndiy gallium fidget sp\ndiy gallium fidget spi\ndiy gallium fidget spin\ndiy gallium fidget spinn\ndiy gallium fidget spinne\ndiy gallium fidget spinner
I mean hax
That looks dryer than a nuns fanny
lol his thumbnail got me good 👏😂
Face caught at 1:36
I ALMOSTED PUKED BBBBBBBBBBUWAAAHHHH
Wait so how is this a life hack? .. its just a recipe. ...
Pie
Or you can just eat it normally
Daxid hax ur the best
Noice Apple Juce right there beacuse Noice
Nice 👍🏻!
I am allergic to apples :) *tear*
WOW
PRETTY  COOL, HUH?
SUBSTRATUM - FREE AND FAIR INTERNET FOR ALL !!! ---VOTE TO HELP GET US ON BINANCE!! 1. Make an account on Binance.com - 2. Buy/Get 0.1 BNB - *It is quicker to purchase BNB on EtherDelta/Binance, - 3. Vote for SUB on -https://www.binance.com/vote.html :
My grandad invented this first
Hey guys I am doing a dissertation about lecturers using lecture capture. (recording their own lectures and posting them on university website) please please can you answer the questions, it will only take 2 mins and 7 short questions https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/NNQVYCH
Well this was disgusting
yum
I guess I should be is the apple is cooked I going to add an ice-cream!!!! And sprinkles!!!!!!!!
romero
￼
dont try
but
I could use Custard? Why not use Icecream & Custard 😀 or Ice Cream and a Drizzle of Honey
I ♡ your channel♡
Pretty cool Huh
nice
When you started I thought....nahhhh!!\n\nBy the end.....I was salivating!!   \nGood job!!  Nice idea!!
Trending!
Besically he made apple sauce xD
Groooooooss
Apple grumble xD it rimes :3
So we tell them numbers, oscilations , atoms, neutrons and protons like it is an easy concept and for every  our message and feedback we must wait like 8-10 years. Still easier than talking with woman but that is going to take forever
Aveis uploaded your videos to the LBRY platform? I need a confirmation to be sure when donating a few LBRY to your channel
Once you can use the concept of liquid water and distance you can relate over the fact that one  cubic meter of water is about 1000 kg.
OH MY GAWD this is a RANT about the non-standard-ness of the KG, without real content about actually building teleporters with aliens. I mean it's cool to learn about how crappy the definition of KG is but not through the click bait of building teleporters with aliens.
But how do they know what fifty-eight is?
Woud have to rase a human on thear and ower Planet and he woud speak dose 2 thinks
Best hope those aliens aren't made of antimatter
You forgot the Kibble or Watt balance which has been proposed as a replacement for the international prototype kilogram...
minutephysics = 280 seconds.  yep, definitions are going to work out perfectly.
Come to the part of Earth with good cheese so we can show you our shiny lump of metal. That sounds like Douglas Adams wrote every word of it.
Problem is that we still need a language to communicate this in and even though electrons and protons and so on are all scientifically defined, they were defined by humans and are all still language made by humans. What we call protons may be called schwifty particles by them or maybe it hasn't been discovered yet
each message would take 4.3 years to arrive, and also how do you explain the concept of numbers to a species that probably doesn't use our numbers?\n\nHow do you explain language? Could you translate Put this here into a language nobody on earth speaks?
can you please make a Video about zero point vacuum energy? because I've heard of it somewhere and wanted to find out more about it, but there are no good videos about it explaining, what the idea behind this is. I don't want to have a 1 hour video, where you don't understand anything in the first place, just a quik minute physiks video to understand the concept. :)
Could you not just take a fraction of something both of you can see, like a star?
well we would probably need first to describe our base 10 numbers so they understans what 21234442438 is :)
Or easier: if we know how to build a wormhole (aka we can exceed the light speed limit however we wish)  we just teleport/jump to aliens and _show_ them all those things.
But the 1st thing they need to know is language. Without language we can't communicate with each other. \nAlso, it may be possible to do this the other way round. Maybe aliens try to explain how their units are and tell us the instructions to build the thing used to transport.
I think you're wrong on the '' how to tell them about mass'' part...\nIf you can transmit what a meter is you can transmit our understanding of space. If you have transmit space you can transmit our conception of the volume. \nIf you can tell them what is water you can tell them to put water in a tank of 1 cubic meter. \n1 cubic meter is the definition of 1000kg so they'll have to do a bit of conversion but it's Maths so it ok. \nCqfd.
What if they have a diffrent number system and they have named neutron proton and electron with something else like other names .
What if the aliens don't know English???
Instead, we can learn their language.
You speak too fast..... Slow down !
Completely confused at how we would send all of this/translate but very interesting
I highly doubt we have anything we could Tell Aliens. Its more like they would be teaching us.
the mass is a huge roadblock, but easily overcome like this derp
I dig the whole method of making units universal.  Do you think there's a way to make a one-way teleportation device?  Like a ship that can teleport itself to a distant galaxy, and then to another location?
How do we understand and them
Would it be our units or their units?
With the thumbnail I thought this was going to be all about the high concept behind Altered Carbon.
The way we science, we are the aliens
But what is a proton and neutron to them and us.
It would take so long to communicate
And, how do you tell that what is a proton, electron and neutron?
You really crunched the numbers on this one. ;-)
Happy birthday, Henry! :)\n(Being 30 is no big deal, don't worry...)
You assume that they count in Base 10.....
1:25 Literally? Did you just literally misuse literally? Come on man.
sir please make a video on ferminon condensate and thankyou for your great cooperation sir my best wishes to you
Waste of time, knew it from the Title... IDK why i opened, Trust on channel may be... which is just gone.
Australia also has good cheese...and wine. It's not all the French ya know.
But first of all how do you teach them numbers.lol.this video makes no sense
I was always told that one mole is equal to the number of atoms of carbon-12 in 12 grams of carbon-12. With this relationship, wouldn't it already be possible to define the kilogram in terms of Carbon-12 atoms, which is the same idea as the silicon-28 sphere? Is there any benefit to choosing silicon-28 as opposed to the traditional carbon-12?
An EBE wouldn't contact us anytime soon were far too premitive...😏
According to Islam, Angels travel through wormholes.
Was good that vid. Gonna sub 👍✌️
Chock full of assumptions, a better assumption would be that the aliens would have to educate us on how to build a teleporter.\n\nAlso mass can be expressed in terms of energy and energy comes in a discrete, quantized form, such as photons.
I thought we were going to use a Watt balance?
#AskMinutePhysics Please please please... I want to understand how does ac current flows from the power station to my house... I mean that ac always reverses its polarity so what does it actually means... Does that mean if frequency is 50 Hz in India then in 1 sec 25 times ac current moves form station to my home and from my home to station... I want to understand the flow in a conducting wire which we practically see outside our house... It is easy to understand the reversal of polarity around and particular resistor in any theoretical diagram in a notebook but i can't imagine how it happens in wires outside our house...  How is ac current transmitted to our house with changing polarity at the same time...
If we are already making assumptions on communications, in this example why can't we describe mass in the way we do with equations? You know... the whole volume density shtick.
Why should the aliens know our number system in the first place?
The aliens might think we are a waste of their time if 9,192,631,770 oscillations was used as a measurement
Are you playing the bass line in your videos? I mean it's simple but sooooooooo amusing lol
Hey henry, make a video that shows the easiest (and cheapest) ways for humans to fly.
NUMBERS ARE A FIGMENT OF THE HUMAN IMAGINATION
6.022... *10^23 is Avogadro's number, and like a dozen is 12 of whatever you count —eggs, papers, atoms, or asteroids —so is this number of anything a mole of that thing, particularly atoms or molecules. Once you agree on a mole, mass, density, and even pressure can be determined. You can do a lot of basic chemical and physical chemistry communication this way once a mole helps you determine weights and measures.
This ignores the fact that radio waves would take decades to reach Alpha Centari and light communication would takes years for each message and response. So it would be decades before we were able to understand each other and lifetimes before we even started building this teleporter
So, do we have solutions for matter vs antimatter?  Or Chirality?
Surprised he did not mention the time taken for signals to go back and forth.
But do they understand our language? Do they communicate the same as us? Do they understand our concept of time? There are so many more things to consider
1 kilogram is equal to the mass of 1 liter of water, and 1 liter is 0.001 cubic meters.  So if they know what water is, and they know what a meter is, they can figure out what a kilogram is.
Why is every science youtube channel so excited about this kg development? It's so pedestrian and semantic.
What the heck is a proton? And does oscillating mean twerking? I thought water was a fluid - what, we can go smaller? said in alien vernacular
Hi, your channel is pretty good and my students enjoy it. One question, in your proposed definition of mass you state that f of photon is of magnitude 10^48 Hz. Wouldn't that require a  period below the Planck time?  Can that work?
Sounds like a good plan to me. When do we get started? xD
We can't even say protons or electrons they don't understand what we mean😂
The part of the earth with good cheese\nGood thing that we don't have to worry about which language to use with aliens, Emy Adams figured that one out for us
So aliens know what decimal numbers are?
so this was how to talk with aliens
There is a specific weight of mass, measured in Carbon Atoms.
Antimatter is not allowed near the prototype Kg
Impossible, the Aliens know Pabllo Vittar. They refuse do some work together us.
Just learned how to fix my fridge, now its time to learn how to build a device to communicate with aliens. \nI love youtube.
Just a random thought, but couldn't we redefine our standard units and work backwards?\n\nSo the second is based on the frequency of light radiated when a Cs atom makes a specific transition, and a meter is based on the distance light travels.\n\nWhat if we define a joule as the amount of energy in 2.7551688167e18 photons of that same frequency of light? Then a newton is defined as the the amount of force you need to exert to give an object 1 Joule of kinetic energy after pushing it 1 meter. Then you can define the kilogram as the amount of mass you have if pushing with 1 newton provides 1 m/s^2 of acceleration.\n\nYou could also define the joule in terms of the amount of energy released when a certain number of (~6.7e9) are annihilated with anti-protons, and follow the same logic. Or once you have the definition of the joule you can base the kilogram on the amount of mass that would need to be annihilated to get ~1.8e10 J of energy (1 kg matter, 1 kg antimatter, or 1 total kg of matter and antimatter if the energy is ~9e9).\n\nNo need for a new physical standard for mass, unless I'm missing something.
Thats good n all but aliens dont even know what numbers are. They would have their own way of describing it
How will they understand our numbers? 😂 How will they know what are we talking about when we say protons and electrons? How will they do our math? They won't have a lot of similarities with us and first we gotta find aliens, finding a smart species is very improbable anyway
How are you sure that their scientific theory is the same, thus not having the concept of proton? \nAnd how do you communicate numbers?
1 minute ad on a 3 minute video. dont like that ratio.
Love the Zoolander quote at 0:27!
Aliens： what are numbers？ a finger is one？ no we wont have fingers sorry
So this is where I say we humans think we are at the pinnacle of intelligence. \n\nHow do we know our constructs of neutrons, protons and electrons i.e. concept of matter is the same as theirs? How do we begin scientific talk after we've established communication? There is literally no base for that, is there?
@minutephysics what if the aliens have a different number system, or don't even use numbers at all?
Why did you stop drawing??? Your drawings were awesome.......
Did no one catch that Zoolander reference at 0:26? xD
What is this a school for ants?
but ..but what is a proton? *vsauce music kicks in*
I didn’t understand a word of that.
Who else shares a birthday with YouTube?
Yeah because they are going to understand English more than what a kilogram is...
To be fair, even now you could use one of the draft standards for the kg, they're pretty damn close to each other.
How do you explain them what a proton/neutron/electron is?
Ryan versus Dorkman was the first video I saw on You Tube
Assuming their number system is same as ours 😜
Jesus, dude... how are we gonna measure TEA to make a proper batch of CHAI?
-Humans: send message to extraterrestrials explaining the universe\n-20 years goes by\n-Aliens: lol repost
my fav. Gavagai!!!
Maybe you should rename your channel minuteads.
Just take DMT.
nice clickbait
Brain hurt.
2
I DON'T KNOW WHY THIS IS #1 ON TRENDING EITHER OKAY I DIDN'T EVEN PAY ANYONE YET but subscribe so you know when to come give a big thumbs down cuz! Good luck watching this! lol thanks babes.
Him- What was a turning point in ur life\nMe- Corners
Not going to lie here but you're high grade actress material get an agent
David: Whats the piece of advice you have?\n\nHelga: Always trust-\n\nMe: God.
Do you want to see magic trick?\n-disappears-\n\n\n\nWhere she go???
One of my friends told me to watch one of your videos and this one was the first I saw... immediate subscription. This was the #1 funniest video i have ever seen by far, thank you so much for posting to YouTube.
Come to my house and kill me if this is the future
I wish I could block you (your videos) 👎
What was she watching
Am I late?\n\n\n\n\nJust kidding I was Watching this a week ago
Anyone look at the tv at the start\n\n\n\nHAHAH 😅😂😂
Dear Liza,\nYou really inspire me a lot.\nYou give me faith in humanity cause things you say and do are unique, people like you are very rare and I think you are an amazing human being, I look up to you, I admire you and in my opinion, you are very unique and quite hard to find.\nI'm an actress, that means somehow we are into the same industry, so I know we will meet someday and it'll be super special, I just have to be patient. There's just so many things I wanna do and talk about with you. \nMuch Love,\nSamy
Is it just me or does Helga have the hands and posture of Roger from American Dad.😃😃😆
you should do 73 questions with CARLOS
where did liza get that sweater its so cute
Liza please answer are you really crazy like this or are do you reslly act like a 20 year old
If she says her husband is her cousin..... she's married to... jet... makes sense
6:12 To The End Had Me Dying 😂😂😂😂😂
Super fucking jealous of her apartment
What is she watching
David didn't pronounce that right it's supercalufragilisticexpialidocious
Who at 0:19 was looking and the tv 📺
Make money online as a teenager 💸💸💸💲http://www.grabmca.com/16311984-2/
You remind me of raven in that so raven lol
You should do a house tour
Oh my God look at the TV when David walks in and keep looking😂😂😂
What on Earth was Helga watching on TV!!
Is that a goat making $3* like thats inapropiate
Lol she put cereal in the plants 😂😂😂😂
6669 views which do you notice first 69 0r 666
Is it just me or was the white goat humping the black goat like it was nothing? #SACRED4LIFE
Did anyone notice the banana in microwave is a plant now?
Helga was watching goat porn when David walked in
funny but its sounds to much like jet
David: Helga! Its Vogue, we are here for our 73 question interview!\n\nMe: I know what is going to happen next.\n\nHelga: *Masterbating*\n\nMe: THAT IS NOT WHAT I WAS THINKING ABOUT
Am I the only one who is bewildered by what she was watching in the beginning
Liza you looked supper short in this video with the way you were walking 😔
Is anyone gonna talk about what the heck was going on in the tv
Do one with carlos
The stuff she ate from the plants? Candy. Anyone know the name?......
Love how you did this all in one take! Amazing!!!
do a 73 questions with carlos
Why is this so funny! 😂
Ok when I watched the jet one I literally said I wish hella would do this
liza make video 73 Questions with carlos or littler liza\nI'm brasilian and love your videos
HELGA AND I BOTH CLOSE OUR EYES BEFORE WE SLEEP!!!! WHAT A COINCIDENCE!!!! MINDBLOWN
Somebody has to make a remix of this lol
She is soo  true when it comes to this sort of stuff \nLove u Liza goshy
Hahaha at 3:32 you can see Helga is eating cocoa puffs
http://www.hercampus.com/school/psu/can-you-relate-please-say-you-can.   I'll never be as funny as Liza but if you guys can give this a read, I'll really appreciate it!!
I like it😪😪😪😪
The goat sexWow
שלום איירבוס, כס
He said superfragalisticexpialidocious. Missed the calli mate
liza why dose Helga where glasses?
Ok Dexter lol
Why 73?
Please do Helga Morning Routine or Nightime routine....:)
please check out kdog townsent vlogs
Youre the best
4:06 I SCREAMED
73 questions with Carlos | Vogue Parody
6.17 “you missed me stupid”😂😂
The tv 😂😂😂😭😭😭😭💀💀
Helga likes goats. Does she knows Erika Costell
Omygod😂😂😂😂😂
Wait why is she watching goats mating?
Done
Sounds like jet
Wat is she doing?😂😂😭😭
F**K  \n0:12\nWhat
2:04 - 2:30 had me dying
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRe8y2neDLNih7zT-pJY2Cw?view_as=subscriber
OMG ive been waiting 4 this after Jet
Davids pepe 😂😂😂😂💜😂😂
2:18 lol
SHE ATE PLAY DOH EWWW
Hahaha the end
Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh Ehh..... XD
Can vogue go to Carlos next pls pls plssssss!!!!!!!!!
73 questions with young Liza
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyy
Pause at 2:17 😂
This*
How do you like your eggs? Unfertilized lmao
I LOVE THIS 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
2:22 got me dead 😂😂
Nice Scotch porn
Did anyone realise that Liza Koshy has lost 1million subs ! 😕😭
They just casually have a fcking Segway
I love liza
I love helga
Do 73 questions with CARLOS
The end tho lol _you missed me stupid_
We need a Carlos interview like if you agree
Do this with Carlos ASAP
3:10 Ryan Higa's How to Write Good Book!!!!!!
Do carlos
Pls do 73 questions with Carlos!
Is helga watching goat porn
Todos estos paletos no suman ni dos neuronas
No se como han aguantado tanto Cataluña como Pique en España, hay que ser muy mala persona para chiflar a alguien que llora después de ver como golpean a su gente por vota, increíble. Y se creen de primer mundo que es lo peor. La vergüenza de Europa como titulo la BBC
Diego Costa (brazilian) playing for Spain isn't a problem??? Pique is??
¿Porque entrenan con público?
ERES GRANDE PIQUE
LAMENTABLES, VAYA AFICIONADOS DE MIERDA
Vaya subnormales
vaya panda de orangutanes
Que vergüenza me dan algunos españoles
Putas espanoles kieren governar el mundo a precio de nada gratis hpts vividores
Españoles (no todos), me dan asco
Esquq vaya gente haceis hasta un video para los pitidos de piqué, envez de apoyarle...
Putos fachas de mierda hijos de Franco.
pinches simios castrosos, yo ya les hubiera mentado su madre
malagradecidos.
Animo pique no estas solo
Porqué pitais al mejor defensa que  teneis, vaya neardentales.
Ay si ay si... mi mamá dice jajajaja españoles son graciosos
Visca Cataluna , Macht aus Deutschland
vergüenza Vergüenza
Putos
Cabrones mal agradecidos que pena dan
Como dicen ustedes GILIPOLLAS!
Gente mediocre
Que grande Pique! Muchísimos huevos tenés.
Q gente tan analfabeta y estúpida!
Olé tus huevos Pique 👏👏👏
Que vergüenza de personas
vaya afición mas chaquetera somos hahaha
estaría aduriz partidendose la polla .
Malditos patriotas de mierda
Biba hezpaña!!
PIQUE NO QUIERE SER ESPAÑOL. FUERA DE LA SELECCION DE E S P A Ñ A.. FIN NO MAS HISTORIA.
la gente esta siendo cada vez mas inutil.
Hola gente del dia despues que tal saludos que desde bolivia santa cruz los vemos. muy bueno sus videos ..nos ase mas estar serca de los jugadores y conoserlos maas  ..bueno x fa mandarme saludos en su siguiente video
Tan sencillo como hacerle una peineta a todos. Putos.
Gracias independencia de Cataluña, porque contigo empezó todo Jajaja
Guuuaaaooo...y despues a los sudamericanos nos llaman tercer mundistas...
Españoles nacionalistas... lo mas asqueroso que puede existir.
Da igual del equipo que seas Pique tiene que quedarse en la seleccion
Que se independicen y ya está! No sean antaños! Viva Mexico y su corrupicion jaja
Este país esta lleno de gañanes, no se que educación le dieron sus padres de pequeños
Simplemente inaceptable... No lo merece después de dejarse todo por la selección española, en lugar de pitarlo deberían reconocer de una vez que siempre a estado a disposición de esta selección...!
Veo mal que se tome a Piqué como blanco para descargar el odio que el NAZIonalismo Catalán ha creado. He de reconocer que visto en muchas ocasiones a Piqúe sangrando y dejarse la vida por la selección. Por lo tanto tiene mi respeto. Y como ciudadano Español que hasta el día de hoy es, (le guste o no hoy es Español, mañana no se) es libre de pensar como quiera siempre que lo haga desde el respeto. \nPienso que hay otros responsables directos que si se merecen esos silbidos como Puigdemont, Rufian, Oriol Junqueras o Pablo Iglesias el mamporrero del NAZIonalismo. Y también se lo merece el mismo Rajoy y su penosa idea de enviar a la guardia civil a aporrear a la gente. Si el referéndum era ilegal.... ¿que mas da que voten? Nadie iba a dar credibilidad a un referéndum en el que votan 2 millones de habitantes y todos votan si....  No es creíble, no es valido, que hagan el paripé si quieren. Y después de dejarles votar, si declaran la independencia se aplica el 155 y se encarcela a los responsables por sedición y malversación. Ese era el Camino, y no el de aporrear a la gente y generar mas odio del que de por si hay.  El PP ha usado como primer recurso, el que debería ser el ultimo en utilizarse, la violencia. Y la violencia genera mas violencia que será respondida con mas violencia todavía, y como sigamos así vamos a acabar muy mal. Y me duele que acabemos a tiros entre hermanos, por que quiero a Cataluña como cualquier parte mas de mi pais, tengo apellido Catalán por lo que debo descender de alguno de ellos. Cataluña es parte de mi, y también lo es España y que no me la toquen. \nY ahora me llamáis facha si queréis, me la suda.
Estos son cuatro catetos, pero a todos los que dicen toda España es fascista por los porrazos de unos pocos policías o cuatro catetos gritando a Piqué yo les pregunto (sobre todo a los latinoamericanos) que harían si un estadio entero de una región de vuestro país pitara vuestro himno nacional. Les aplaudiríais?
A esta gente no les duele ser tan tontos?
-Pique cabrón España es tu nación\n-Pique vete a tu país\nMuy lógico todo\nSe tenía que ir, pero para dejar de soportar a esta panda de borregos. Mucho aguantas Piqué, eres un grande.
Una basura de gente
Que grande y profesional Pique \nEntrenar bajo las ordenes de tu tecnico a pesar de tantos insultos que profesionalismo señores
Que asco la gente tío
No se como hay q decirle q no le queremos
Después marca gol o  hace un buen partido y todos a aplaudirle como buenos hipócritas
Si yo hubiese estado tambien le pitaria.
Este personaje lleva años riéndose de españa y encima tenemos que aplaudirle?
Si eres independentista, por que quieres jugar con la seleccion española?
No soporto a piqué en general nunca  pero creo que le honra ir a la selección después de lo que ha pasado,  y los pitos no ayudan nada. Sólo incitan a más odio y más separación por las dos partes
El dia que Piqué se vaya...ya verán como lo hecharán de menos ya...y a llorar luego
Lárgate llorón no se que coño haces en la selección española...cabron
Pitar pitar, siempre habrá españoles como yo que quieran a pique en su equipo y se desmarquen de otros españoles como vosotros
Poco de ratas malagradecidas y irrespetuosas. Ya deciria tener una clase de jugador como Pique en mi seleccion, que importa lo que el quiera politicamente, esto es futbol!
Que pena con esa gente
Hablan de unidad y van a pitar y gritar a alguien que ha expresado su opinión de forma respetuosa. Que vergüenza de gente.
pique debe tener coherencia e irse de una seleccion que el mismo ha dicho no pertenecer
en vez de alentar a su selección van a silbar a los jugadores que vergüenza dan y se ven que están al pedo..
No se a quién quieren engañar, pitan a piqué porque es del Barca, así de simple..... (Madridistas)
odio Los españoles...creo que asi son todos aya! puros estupidos!
se va ir a Colombia... ya veran. :3 :V
Que vergüenza que El día después, un canal de Youtube que tiene muchos seguidores sé preste para esto, he disfrutado mucho de este canal a lo largo de sus años, pero esto realmente me parece una vergüenza... porque no mostrar al público de Cataluña que apoya la iniciativa?, Realmente aspectos sociales, políticos y sobre todo monetarios no deberían influir en un canal tan bueno como este, realmente que pena.
Que paso? No soy de españa
Pena con esa gente
Me parece lamentable que parte de un pueblo le grite e insulte a su propio compatriota, seguramente los mismos que gritaban eran los de casco con las letras en la espalda de POLICIA que golpeaban a la gente en Cataluña,  opresores.... nunca se sabe a quien tendrán delante, Dios quiera le toque tener en frente a sus propios hijos y esposas haber que hacen estos POLICIA.
Fuera de lo retrógradas y fascistas que son muchos españoles; ahora entiendo a Pepe cuando se fue a Besiktas y dijo que en España la gente es fría y no sabe alentar a los jugadores. Siempre con sus mismas cantaletas de niños de preescolar, su patético lolololo de mierda y cánticos idiotas que no calientan ni a sus madres. Son afición sin sangre ni huevos, espejo de la sociedad  retrasada que tienen ahora.
Todos los que apoyan a pique soys hipócritas como el porque no tenéis argumentos namas decís  malagradecidos.
Y cuando gane con la selección o defienda un tirazo que podría hacer perder a la selección no quiero que estén ahí diciendo Que bueno Piqué; y luego se preguntan por qué el odio hacia España.
Que mal españoles, supongo no todos piensas asi, seguro que gritaron algún gol
ridicules de gente, si catalunya quiere independizarse q le dejen q problema sera de ellos el problema
Que gente más patética
hijos de su puta madre malagradecidos de mierda, el Barcelona les dio un mundial y dos uefas, sin los jugadores del barça seguirían sin nada malditos muertos
Libertad de expression.  esa cosita que Franco les ha arrebatado.
Hay que ser una basura de persona para burlarse de las lagrimas de Pique por ver su pueblo ser golpeado
Qué mal agradecidos ni que España fuera el mejor país del mundo jajajaja
Se nota que son aficionados del Madrid. Los aficionados más hipócritas y mal agradecidos. Si pitan a su bicho no digamos a Pique.
y acá podemos ver lo infantil de algunos españoles..., esto solo se ve en españa.
Su campeonato mundial en gran parte fue a el nivel que mostraban jugadores como Xavi, Iniesta, Busquets y Puyol.. sin esos jugadores jamás hubiesen ganado aquel partido.
Pues que se ande a Cataluña y deje a España, y de igual forma que Barça y Espanyol se vayan a otra liga. ¿Quieren independencia? Pues que sea parejo y se haga todo bien.
Que asco en serio las ideologías en España, intolerantes por eso tienen el Gobierno que tienen por eso les va como les va.
Ninguno de los que el pita a pique sabe lo que es ansiar libertad.
Se parece a Argentina \n
Pena de País, una vergüenza europea.
vaya gente por eso el mundo esta como esta -.-
Puto país de mierda. Somos la puta verguenza del mundo, los más paletos, los más retrógrados y los más rancios.\nEspaña no merece un jugador como Piqué, ni lo merecerá jamás. A chuparla carcamales.
¿No tienen una mejor nota qué hacer? ¿Qué clase de porquería es ésta? Provocando odio no se llega a ningún lado.
USTEDES PRENSA ESPAÑOLA PROVOCAN ESTO! FELICES?
Seguro que Diego Costa, Marcos Senna o cualquier otro nacionalizado se sienten muy españoles, pensad un poco.
Pique vete ya no queremos a gente que no sienta a la selección y este por segundo plato. Si fuese lopetegui no me lo llevaba más pero le faltan cojones al seleccionador
La voluntad del pueblo
Qué raro que no se hayan puesto a cantar su otra canción de cabecera...el cara al sol. Esos serán los mismos que se ponían a pitar a la Marsellesa y demás himnos de los rivales...pero si pitaban el español se ponían a llorar. Menos mal, que afortunadamente, no reflejan a la mayoría de la afición española.
Que vergüenza, dan pena la verdad😒😒
Banco a piqué a muerte pero ya debería dejar la selección,  por su bien.
entiendo porqué los catalanes quieren separarse de esta escoria fascista
Thanks for upload!
I love the trending page on YouTube, because it ALWAYS has some good, quality, content.                   Seriously tho, why is this trending?
love the signing guy!!
A Sign Language interpreter, how awesome, beautiful, smart & accessible. ty
this is the actual hardest game of all time and if any of you say otherwise, you are lying.\n\nsee ya later bye guys press a like
ITS GOING DOWN THEY LOST 300 000 subs
0:20 omg, i clicked on it the right time and thought :0 OK MAGICCCC
Why does Anthony's head look so big in the thumbnail 💀😂
that akward momont when the honest reply is exactly  what you would say in real life
Where is this sold?
We want a part 2!!!
this video made me so anxious for some reason
We have to see more of this!!!
That was so hard to watch
Do more like this!!!!
Make a What if 'Real life: the game' was real video
Lilly: That’s not my name..\nMe: AYE BUT ITS MINE WHADDUP
This is such a great video, Anthony! Smart and enjoyable 😊 also, blowing into the Nintendo cartridges, the nostalgia 😂
This must have been so tough to shoot!
I missed these kinds of videos.
Hey look mom they made a video game about me.
Yo is that a painting of Captain America giving the Hulk sum succ @ 0:39 ?
Omg comparing this to new new smosh it is fucking amazing
Will you make any videos with Ian ever again?Ever?EVER?
Wow this was really well done
Please do a part two!
*DIED OF AWKWARDNESS* me every single day
Do a video with Ian
Hi i am a rock , i make videos about my life
Wow Dan has been posting some really good content lately
I'm so happy that this isn't depressing😅
Good to see that you're doing well Anthony.
I like this video so much😂😂😂😂
I love you Lilly fuck off Anthony
theres a cool channel called smosh you should collab with them XD
That Press A To Hug part gave me anxiety
I've been stuck on level 1 forever! Can anyone give me some helpful tips?
Y O U  I S  T H E  B E S T
BRING BACK YOUR EMO FOREVER I DARE YOU TO DO IT OR BE BACK WITH IAN
Why doesn't he do this with his actual girlfriend??
can you do more of these? (;
OMG this should be a real game!
This video was an amazing consept I loved it
I would keep on dying of awkward silence.
I just hoped that it is a real game
As an edgy basic teen I totally relate
i want more real life the game episodes lol this is awesome
lack of like level max
was he playing in a god damn nintendo 64???
This is one hella creative idea
Pleeeeeeaaaase guys make a real game out of this, that would be awesome 😂
I wish Anthony that you were still a part of Smosh but you aren't and by doing that you've actually ruined two channels for me, yours of course and Smosh because now that you aren't a part of smosh anymore I don't wanna watch that but also at your channel Ian isn't with you so I don't wanna watch your videos too, well I can't-do anything about it , I wish I could.
3:15 to 3:44 was so deep
I like how he said kapwa ...wo pilipinos!
I gotta give it to ya man. This was original af btw dont let this die out make it a series!!!
😳That game though..... \nWhere can I get the game??😅😂
Youtubers are actually amazing actors and don’t get enough credit
This game has sick graphics
This was the best game. Everybody plays it often 😂😄
Fucking casual! The rest of us our playing with only one life and zero retrys.
Promise me you’ll do food battle 2017 2018 and 2019
He is turning into Dan
How can i get a copy
That hug part was so awkward.. O was having anxiety
This is so creative!!
I really wanted to see how the level 39 is 7w7
The graphics on this game are amazing
PEWDIEPIE , HERE'S THE CONTENT YOU ARE SEARCHING FOR
Anthony pls go to Smosh again Shane really miss you
This brings me back to smosh🤧
I'm still sad he left smosh
The click A to hug got me deaddddddd
Good to see original good content . Really happy to see how this channel is progressing
y u no do dis wit MEAL
Lilyy. Here cuz of superwoman
Dude, you are amazing
why do I relate
acting is great
pressed a like
Still feels like smosh
#TeamSuper
Not as hard as cuphead
DAMN, Best sketch ever, ejm, smosh ejm :'(
Superwoman 😍😘😘
I died. lol
Are they dating
So glad you left smosh.
Superwoman is pregnant yo!
Anthony can you make funny videos like smosh plz
Part 2 plz
Komrad Anthony
haha real game :)
LMAOO Lilly: this other guy sucks xD
Will you back Smosh?
Great video bro!! Real creative
Hahahaha! I totally enjoyed this!
3:54 Anthony is too relatable
Waiting for part 2
OMG Lilly!!!!!!!
Life was a really shitty game, the tuturial ended when you got to just level 18, you didnt even get to customize your character and all the other players were really toxic \ni rate only one star
Love this
lol
This is really, really relatable.
Wow! Lilly and Dan finally collabed!
I didn't think Weed guy could be beat, then kiss my ass on white house steps came in and proved me wrong.
10/10 - Needle Drop
I am so amazed you can turn anything into a song :)
Where is Part 2 of the Star trek slow ham?
Omg I saw them in Times Square making this video! I
Why was he dressed like Marty mcfly in highschool
2:30 is such a mood
okay i actually really enjoyed this lol
This is amazing! Never stop KOA! I luv all your originals, parodies, song rants and behind the awesome #buttpleased
This summer jam is missing Paige.
Song about cats and dogs then a giant dogcat thing comes and eats everyone the end.\nidk
Key of Awesome is dead
holy shit this is really good
Please do either a break up song or love song
I love these so much
Trying to get through the last months of my PhD and the only thing I keep hearing (and, thus, want to write down) is...sleazly! Nice work, earworm!
Do more like this
New Yorker (tourists) help you write a song.
Thumbnail lady could pass off as casey neistats sister...
Is that Casey neistat in the thumbnail?
I just love these! Just like Summerjam 1 and 2 :D
Mark looks more like Milo with that wig on.
Thank you for the inspiration
wow this was actually awesome??? idk why i'm surprised
I thought that second girl said jake Paul
Now see, this is only tourists,  except for that woman saying Kiss my house on the white house steps.\n\nIf this was real NY, you'd see Italian people smoking weed and stuck up women making some smart ass comments towards you, and too many white kids trying to act black.
A song about card games -- slow jam
shout out to the girl who said J.Cole
Lady Liberty turns into dragon fly orange' (she emerges from out of her caccoon) and the Spider turns into a dragon(that breathes fire)
Why did that guy look so much like Alexander Ovechkin?
I'm gonna add Sleazly and  You can kiss my ass on the white house steps to my vocabulary
I thought the person on the thumbnail was Casey Neistat for some reason
Anyone else think the thumbnail looks like casey neistat
They're in Times Square... 0 chance any of these people are new yorkers
I love you guys you're so amazing tbh
Americans are wierd. And not funny at all!
An I terrible for thinking the lady in the thumbnail looked like Casey Neistat for a split second?
My friend is getting me a t-shirt with that train quote on it for my birthday so thanks evan and mark for giving my friends a way to blackmail me
Mark you need the MDNA eye mask http://www.mdnaskin.com/global/product07.html  \nOtherwise this video ( and the song ) is excellent. It is... upbeat, and inspiring, despite the whack lyrics ofc
Mark I will kiss your ass on the white house steps
Hey DICK HEADS, ya'll are in time square a major tourist district. Everyone there are NOT NEW YORKERS!!!!!!!
When this song was actually weirdly inspiring in a totally non ironic way. Long time fan! Thanks Mark and Co
That was fun. Thank you
i support out new president
* takes deep breath * *s l e a s l y*
*i pour milk in my bowl and then my cereal*
Yeah let's look for real New Yorkers on Time Square....
my favorite inspirational gem is last one standing... I don't get it rock is way more inspirational then pop because it not only inspires you but gets you pretty pumped
This is not funny . Stop it !
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE parody real songs
....i am so inspired?
Lmfaoo that lady coming out nowhere killed me!!!
Evan apparently has no idea what a bazooka does
Holy Shit I just finished the entire key of awesome playlist.
A song about everyone's family
What happens when you get hit with a sledgehammer twice in your face by gerardine delly?  Hahaa wtf
Omaigoddd this is this this is stupidly awesome
Evan is hot 😍
barely political deja vu
Phillip green!
This is just awesome
I liked this bigly.
57k views btw
LMAOO 🤣🤣🤣😆
?                                                                  ?
😂😂😂😂😂😂.....awesome 👍
4:40 did that hurt?
Hahaha
Casey neistat's sister
Cleveland brown
THE SEAWAY SHIRT GREAT BAND
Lol the spider!!
I love these jams!
Soooo good
Ew
#37 on trending
SLEAZELY
Cool video
that's surprisingly catchy
you should do cardi b bodak yellow :)
Pucker up Donny!\nBravo gentlemen, bravo!
how is this trending
😂😂😂😂
Hilarious af.
This was great
MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE MORE !!!!!! Thank you.
What is this
Wtf!!!!!  That was damn funny though 😂😂😂😂
I've missed these
Gay
I have literally never been more inspired in my life
I wanna be in a KOA video, they look so fun to film! 😁
Is it bad that over the 5 days this has been out I’ve watched it at least 15 times
That kid said protect your Patek not protect your protect
Those white girls were fine! 🔥
can of tuna yeah
Girl in the Seaway shirt.
I LOVE NEW YORKERS!
That was awesome lol
Sounds like Katy perry chained to the rhythm
Oh my, a tear was just shed. Such a beautiful video that caters for a truly deep musical piece. Amazing!
I cried right in the beginning. And then started sobbing when she spilled water because she looked scared and sad and how I usually do when I do somebting wrong. I dolt want he to look or feel that way. I know there isn't much I could do about it but just the thought of her getting hurt by someone who has barley talked to her made me sad and mad. I know she kinda plays as a character in this but still. It hurts. But I love it i don't know why lol
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh I love this too much
I burst out crying while watching this. I always feel like a 6/10 maybe even less than that. this song explains my life so much. i really want things to get better but for the past 3 years its just been getting worse.
i love how in this music video, she showed that if you are going through insecurities, depression or anxiety, then ur not the only one. you’re not alone, most everyone feels the way that you do.\n\nthis is a beautiful music video, thank you for making this
Beautiful video ! Love the idea ❤️
this is so beautiful, it honestly made me cry
I love that everyone is interpreting the song in different ways! it makes me happy inside.
THIS WAS OUT ON MY BIRTHDAY OML
Scrolling the comments to wonder why her shoulder aches. Does she need a massage 'cause she's had a shit day at work? \n\nAnyway, fantastic video nonetheless. It completed the song
This made me feel more understood than I can put into words. Thank you so much.
What an incredible depiction of mental illness. Thank you, dodie.
Damn. I appreciate this so much.
Why is he liked? She just talk sings and its boring and dumb
It’s like looking in a mirror. Staring, at my younger self feeling like she is not worth the time of day. Only she is and so is everyone else that is, was or will be on this earth.
So many emotions - I can't even register how beautiful this song and video is. Dodie, you are destined for greatness. As cheesy as it sounds, I hope your name is on the top charts worldwide and you get every bit of recognition that you deserve. We are here with you every step of the way, as you are with us. ❤️
holy fuck I love you
I am only 5 days late because I wasn’t sure if I was emotionally prepared to watch this. I love you dodie this is amazing 💛
what’s going on with everyone’s shoulders am i missing something
This just makes me want to cry.. But in a proud way although sad because you portrayed the song SO WELL ❤️
dodie this is absolutely beautiful and brilliant. i am so proud of who you've become. you've grown into a beautiful strong woman before our eyes, regardless of what you believe. i want you to know, we DO want you here. you're very important to us all. stay strong, work hard, and know were all here for you💖
I absolutely hate people who tries to rate people, thinking they can rate us girls or guys. We don't need to feel like we need to change to bring up there standards on us because we are a ten out of ten no matter who says because we are perfect in our on way.
who just cried for some reason?
i really really really love this. so much. cinematography is so on point and dodie your acting and just the way you use your face to covey such deep and relatable emotions, it’s breathtaking. thank you for this❤️
YAAAAASSSSSS MY WIFE I'M SO PROUD OF YOU THIS IS SO GOOD OMGGGGGGG
Dodie,  you make me laugh, you make me cry, you make me overwhelmed with love for music and art and film making. Your music just does something. It MEANS something. To so many people. I love your acting and your writing and your voice and all of you. Music is a part of my life. It's a part of yours too, and I'm so glad you share it. You make me feel like I could share my relationship with music too. Thank you xx
God this song is so freaking beautiful
I replayed 6/10 about 50 times when I first heard it. This story is beautiful for it. You are beautiful.
This speaks to me so much
I love this so so much.
WTH This is beautiful I started crying right from the first line
Firstly, this is such an amazing song!! I find that it’s always the initial singles that really get to me (it was Sick of Losing Soulmates last time). It’s almost tough to not cry when I hear some of your songs, which in my eyes, proves how much time, work, and emotion you really put into them. As for a question i have: I submitted audio for this song a while back. Were all of the clips included? (Meaning, am I in this song?)
Some invisible ninja is cutting fucking onions in my room.
I can't help but comment on the absolutely beautiful choreography. The subtle references to how mental illness should be perceived just as physical pain is, was executed in the most perfectly understated but poignant way, proof that dance and expression through movement is not just entertainment but one that can resonate such extensively complex messages. As a full time dance student, I can only thank you for the wonderful incorporation of movement in a video that clearly holds such a personal message. Stunning❤️
woah woah woah wait I’m watching this for like the millionth time and the bit in the mirror it’s like she’s looking at herself and feeling all these emotions and she’s not pushing them down. Like, she realises that she can feel all these emotions in the (what I’m guessing is) audition thing so she decides to audition so she can show everyone all these feelings.Like she’s looking in the mirror and she’s watching herself feel all the emotions and they’re beautiful so she thinks she should audition and show people but then she... just doesn’t! Omfgkvmf
This is so beautiful.
This song reminds me of the start (and the end) of The Way Way Back
it hurts me you feel this way about yourself. You are such a beautiful person, you’re so sweet, nice, funny, and you put smiles on peoples faces when they’re down. You’re such an amazing person and i aspire to be someone like you. Dodie Clark you are beautiful, you are amazing, you are you. You’re definitely not a six out of ten, if anything you’re a nine-hundred out of ten. You’re so beautiful and i would want you in the same room as me. Fuck everyone who thinks you’re ugly, you’re so beautiful, you don’t need makeup. As someone who feels as you do this music video and song hit hard, i’m recovering and it hurts that you’re in your twenties and you haven’t recovered yet. I love you Dodie Clark, you’re beautiful.
Plot twist: the taxi driver a murderer who can time travel, who wanted to kill dodie. They changed the history to kill dodie by somehow making her have these pains therefore all leading up to her eventually getting in the taxi, where he would then proceed to kill her.
I love the song but why are they touching their shoulders
the ending really shows the culmination of emotion when you feel alone and socially anxious and insecure about yourself in comparison to the world. done well!
I'm not crying your crying.
Awe this is so beautiful you are so beautiful aaaaahhh 💛 You are a true inspiration to us all. Thank you for everything you do- your insightful videos, amazing advice and spellbinding songs. You are my idol. Thank you for making me so happy xx
There is savanna at 2:07 *-*
I keep trying to figure out dodies vision when she made this but then something else in the music video throws me off 😂
dodie i just wanted to take the time to address how much you and your music mean to me. i struggled with abuse from my dad earlier this year and constantly felt inferior, like i was never enough. your music and your positivity towards combating the issues in mental health helped me to conquer my feelings and seek the help i needed. im now living with my mum full time and will soon have a stepdad who takes amazing care of me. i love you, so much. you are so inspirational and thoughtful. i love you and thank you for everything you have done for me 💗
I AM CRYING YOU ARE CRYING WE ARE ALL CRYING BECAUSE THIS IS BEAUTIFUL💛
Why are you reading the comments, watch the amazing video over and over again.
can someone explain the shoulder thing
hi doodie, first of all i need to say congratulations !  Bravo !  This mv is amazing. Cutest thing i've seen in a while.  Actually cute's not the right word.  Powerful would be more appropriate.  Lately i've felt really really reallyyyy bad.  Like crap i wouldnt go out of my bed thinking about nonsense questions that are now answered by a live on, stay strong.  And that's because of you Dodie.  Also of twenty one pilots and some friends but you were one of my savior and you didn't even know.  Now you do.  I've been suffering from anxiety for the past 2 years.  I couldnt chill a whole day.  I kept having panick attacks and stuff.  I stopped seeing a bunch of my friends I wanted to be alone, but one day I went back to your channel.  And I found your new EP !  You,  one of the most beautiful thing i have ever heard, because it just sounds like they paint your heart with watercolors and they let it under the rain,  it's truly amazing and i'm now hopefull. Hope you're having an amazing day. Kisses from the north of the France 💕
Damn it. Now I’m crying. This was so beautiful😭😭😭💛💛💛
i love you so much dodie, keep going and stay strong this is absolutely beautiful and really got me thinking. thank you, you gorgeous human being.
i've sent this video to my therapist to help explain how i've been feeling for the past months.. thank you for creating something so beautiful and real and touching <3
Me at 00:00 \nYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS\n Me at rest of the video\nYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
This honestly made me cry so much. I love you dodie!! You’re so talented and your songs hit real close to home for me. 😢😢💛💛
I love you dodie and all ur music ur so talented and I can’t stop listening to ur music. Ur the best ily and ur an incredible amazing inspiring young artist xxx
this made me cry and i’m can’t stop
Just beautiful,it’s hard not to love such a positive message. This song helps me a lot and the video is tremendous. Truly a good job💕💌
OMG I JUST FOUND THIS AND AHHHH ITS SO GOOD!! Honestly, you're so good at putting feelings into words and pictures.I can relate to this song sooo well and also the video is so damn relatable. LOTS OF LOVE!
I am in tears. Beautifully done
I love how you don't know what she's doing till the end. When the others start doing it too. Keep up the good work Dodie :)
THIS SONG MADE ME CRY,THIS IS BEAUTIFUL DODIE 💛💛
dodie thanku for crying for 4 hours straight for this music video we appreciate it v v much
After watching her snapchat story just now, it makes the video even more emotional and raw! I love you Dodie 💙💙💙
It’s so beautiful❤️
Every time I watch this a whole new set of feelings comes over me and I feel so connected to this song. When dodie is walking back and her arms are floating away from her in all directions, that part really hits home. Feeling like you're floating away and need to hold onto yourself to keep all your limbs attached. I could watch this all day
This is one of my favourite songs on YouTube, favourite Christina Grimme's cover of titanium💛
Omg i relate To this song so much it's just that i don't Feel like 6/10 i Feel worset  😔
When Stevie is in the shot at 2:07 😂 \nThis is beautiful by the way dodie ♥️♥️
Can someone explain why they all have aching shoulders?
you are an amazing person and creative and the world should be grateful that you are in it.
i WAS NOT PREPARED AT ALL FOR THIS AT ALL AT ALL WHO GAVE U THE PERMISSION TO HURT ME LIKE THIS
I saw your Snapchat and came to see... wow that was so moving. I have always loved this song because you found a way to describe how sooo many girls feel in such an eloquent, simple way. This music video is just as amazing and your acting is lovely and heartbreaking, just like your beautiful voice. Thank you for sharing with us ❤️
Hey Dodie, I have a had a really time for a while now. Death in the family, self hate, self harm, bullying, issues from the past being brought up and more. I don't talk about it much but im getting there. Your music makes me calm, it's so beautiful, and I have related to many of your songs. Secret for the mad especially, i heard the song a few days after it came out, which happened to be one of the hardest days of my life. I wanted everything to stop.... I just wanted to have everything numbed, but your song reminded me that things just might get better if I stick around and sure enough things are getting better. Im not going to say things are sunshine and rainbows because that would be lying but I'm really trying, and I know I can turn to your music to calm me and remind me people get through things much worse than what I'm going through and living is worth it. I know that this will just get drowned in other comments with other people's stories, but I just wanted to say thank you. I speak for so many people when I say you most definitely saved me life and make my day so much better when I hear your beautiful voice. You are crazy talented and an inspiration, thank you for everything you have done, please keep doing what you're doing. ❤️❤️❤️
dodie I know you are never gonna read this but oh whale , I just want to say I love you so bloody much your my idol inspiration my everything I am an aspiring sing and dancers your songs make me feel so many emotions that spur my spirit(woah that was cringe)I LOVE YOUUU
i fricken love you. one of the best videos ever made k thankyou <3
You will always be an 11/10  to me Dodie\nLove you <3
Hello dodie. Firstly, i would like to thank you for making me happy... making me strong... making me not afraid to be myself. My name is Claudia. Last year i watched your videos. Wow, she's beautiful, so is her voice i said to myself. A few months later i found your channel again. I started watching your videos. I loved them. But lets go back a few years... I'm 10. Ive been told my sister has leukaemia. Slowly she gets ill day by day. I was broken. But i didn't understand what was really going on. seeing as i was only 10. She got better. But relapsed in 2016. I cried and cried. Now back to you. Dodie. You may not know me or never will... But you taught me how to be happy. I may still cry and be sad. but i know now. its okay. Thank you. Love claudia. xx
oh dodie
ahhhhhhh it’s so goood
🤧
really damn good
i love love love
this got me :(
This is beautiful
This is art.
11/10 would dodie again
15/10
i love you dodie.
Existence is pain :)
dodie this is beautiful
YES YES YES YESSSSSSS
DAMN DODIE DID THAT
Stunning. Dodie, beautiful job. I'm very proud.
Beautiful
2:07 girl looked like Stevie
What a shitty waitress
Umm so like. Amazing?
Mood
All these edgy comments of support pain me she's clearly got a good face , body and she's rich not to mention a good person. Dodie is a horrible artist her music is unoriginal , she has an annoying aesthetic and you cant understand what the fuck she is saying she just mumbles the whole time whilst stock music plays in the background. So many people are claiming depression. Depression is a very horrible mental disorder and seeing all these people cashing in on it is absolutely stupid.
Well, Im waiting to see some stories that show Martian Manhunters skills and powers to the levels they are above Superman's ...
All comic book characters are powerful enough to get through their story arc. Until they die and come back to life. Oh and Superman is supposed to be like Jesus that's his character.
Definitely ONE of the most OP characters in comics. He's an ideal. He is whatever you think makes something or someone so super.
He’s the original superhero. No, he’s not.
His greatest weakness is a rock so is he overpowered?
Superman is broken..Dc needs to nerf him and also someone also need to nerf flash..That guys power is just stupid..
Yours and the variant crew's choice of super power if they could have one?
Superman is a mary sue
Yes and not too smart.
you can't say Superman is too over powered when people like The Sentry and Galactus exist
Yes just like how your love your Batman is disturbing
NO. HE ISN'T.
Hello everyone, do you have a personal relationship with our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ? The Son of The One and Only Living God. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. - Romans 10:9
You should do a video on  the red x
Martain man Hunter is never shown using his full potential making him seem more realistic unlike super man who never seems to be shown struggling or overwhelmed even though man Hunter has equal strength and even more powers he is rarely shown using the full force or even all of his powers at once unlike super man who is presented as a good like hero
watching the latest VariantComics video, is my happy place.
The gifted episode 1 review please
Agree with every point you mentioned, which is always my response to anyone with a who would win Superman or.... For those reasons you just mentioned, he is a character who can never be compared in that way because he is meant TO never loose.. And for all those Sup haters about being boring, read America Alien.. Bet you will never see the character the same again .
Where did you get that Superman shirt?  I got to get one.
He is supposed to fight dr. manhattan and in his current state he is too under powered
A subjective question obviously, but honestly they all are when talking about fiction, especially comics.\n\nI say no, not just because he's my favorite superhero, but because the threats/challenges he faces match his powers. It's actually designed that way. He doesn't just fight bank robbers and guys with knives. He faces down galactic conquerors, armies, god-like beings, and cosmic phenomena. Of course he wins, but he's the hero. What character are you rooting for to lose?\n\nHonestly what I find less believable and more eye-rolling is (and disclaimer I do love this character too...but...) is the idea of a singular, simple, regular man being consistently able to stand up against any level of super-powered, galactic, or omnipotent threat. Batman is somehow always the winner no matter how impossible the odds because he's Batman or because he plans for everything. Really? That's more believable than Superman being able to beat Darkseid in a fist fight. A tough one by the way; it's never one punch and done. Superman still REGULARLY is shown to struggle against his threats. He may still win, but rarely just because he needed to land a single punch or something.\n\nThe simple answer is always that the writers of any given book, comic, movie, TV show, etc. will always, ALWAYS, write the stakes however high or extreme as they want. Thus raising the abilities or circumstances surrounding the heroes so that they can win. Examine any movie, show, book or whatever and see if you can't dissect it to find the way that it EASILY could have been more or less impossible for the hero. A good writer makes this happen without sacrificing too much to serve the plot, but that's still basically how it happens.
I guess superman was doing earth weightlifting in a air conditioned room ? That's why he didn't sweat ..... cuz I call that 5day earth lifting bs...
You people are some confused individuals. How is Superman overpowered, but the hulk isn't!?!??? Are you freaking kidding me?? No cap on hulk's strength, bs healing factor that he never had when he was first created, vaporized to a pile of bones and regenerated in a matter of moments, immune to almost every magic and mind control, can all of a sudden break worlds just by walking, and here's the most ridiculous thing that they've made up: can develop gills to breath underwater if he's drowning....GILLS?? And yes he's a Marvel character, but it's the same fanboys on here that complain about Superman that go and worship the hulk and throw him in every DC conversation. Superman isn't overpowered. If anything, he needs plenty of buffs.
recent overuse of the word super has made the term Superman seem VERY SHIT.
Superman isn't meant to be relatable= Lazy writing
Thank you for this.
Please do a History of Lucifer episode.
Doesn't matter if he is overpowered, if he was underpowered he would still always survive and win at the end of the story since superhero movies are biased and the good guy always comes out on top in the end. Maybe if superheroes would die in movies he would be considered overpowered since he wouldn't die due to his power but that's not the case so it doesn't matter if he is overpowered however awesome video :)
Why hasnt anyone asked for the History of Arris Quinones yet? :P
Human kind? Superman is far from human
Personally I like my characters more human. Characters like Batman, Spider-man, Flash, or Daredevil is because I enjoy relatable   characters. I can relate to the high school troubles of Peter Parker and understand the Flash's dilemma of not being fast enough. I get what Superman stands for and that's great but it's just not always as interesting. (to me at least)
I dont like how random his powers are.
I draw hope and inspiration from Superman :)
U should do a history on super boy prime
for me superman is the poison of justice league, is to overpo....
he is but his arrogant use with that power makes up for it.
No, no he is not.
I love Superman. He's my 2nd most favourite superhero of all time. After Batman, of course.
If the main point of a hero is to encourage hope and optimism,  that hero needs flaws, limits, and obstacles. Heros that represent tenacity, hope, resilience, and perseverance must be more human in quality like Batman, Spider Man,  for example. Superman, for me, doesn't fit this bill. A hero needs to sacrifice something and at this point in comics, superman can give it all and then give it all again (which he has). Can a guy like that really sacrifice anything?
Seen the title no doubt yes
Is the sky blue, do bears shit in the woods? we have another question to add to the list.
Haha yes but that's why he is the boss!
The flash is more overpowered than him
yeeeeeeeas he is OP AS FUCK. FUCK SUPERMAN. BATMAN AND DOCTOR FATE CANON.
The answer is fuck yes
No, cause his penis  is small.
cant be that OP if he lost to batman whos powerless......js
If justice League didn't have superman they would still have another op charecter Captain atom or Shazam or Martian Manhunter.
They dont call him super for nothing faggot
THIS IS NOT A VIDEO GAME. There is no overpowered. THIS IS NOT A GAME YOU CAN NERF
Can you be truly overpower if you have a weakness?? He has all these powers but all I have to do is have a piece of Kryptonite in my pocket and I could kick his ass all day!!! IJS lol
I'm just here to read comments 🕵
So you never answered the question....
Really supergirl is stronger the superman
Mon-el is way more overpowered. The treatment for his lead poisoning allows him to have his powers under a red sun, he has all the same abilities as superman, plus he's had a green lantern ring.
well he wouldnt be very super if he wasnt
Which Superman are we talking about here? if you look at all versions of Superman, there are more overpowered versions like Cosmic Armor, Superman One Million, Superboy Prime, Superman Prime, Pre-Crisis Superman, Kal Kent, etc. They de-powered him then sometimes they create another version that is more powerful than the previous one. It's like the  writers can't make up their minds.
Rick from rick and morty can kill him
Would it be possible to make a History of Alex Mercer?
Definetly not, since he can get spanked by allot of people. Heck, Batman with prep can spank him. The same with Luther, plus almost everyone in his rouges gallery is pretty tough.
Lol no, Popeye would beat his ass like a small child
Is the sky blue?
Pffftt, if you guys think regular Superman is overpowered you need to get glasses. Go check out Superman Prime or One Punch Man if you want overpowered.
My man Goku can take him out
So you needed a 5 and a half minute video to explain if the most OP comic book character ever is OP?
Donald Trump is America's President now.  😝
Please do a more in depth teen titans video
he's not as Overpowered as one punch man XD
I thought saitama san is overpowered.
Subscribe to my channel at jayanti Demps-Howell and watch my first video
If you're going to name a character super man, he has to be overpowered
That's the point. It's the story of a god trying to live among man. Not a generic anime character trying to fight everyone just for fun. If he was a bad character than he wouldn't have lasted 80 years.
Who carries isn't that point to be overpowered to win people this Days saying everything is to overpowered like that really gets me pissed off
Who else hates when doing somthing about superhero’s but don’t know nothing about the superhero’s then you just want to roast them like when a person watches Wonder Woman the movie then your in the movies then person always like wow I didn’t know that a scream when did this happen  am I only like this is every superhero fan like this also
Oh Yea he's way to overpowered but the solar powered S-Man is not with out his flaws. He can be easily killed 😲 by a green rock, magic, psychic attacks or mine possession or getting really sick by alien gas or poison, being beaten to death by someone just as powerful as him like Doomsday or Darkseid or a 5th Dimensional Being that can do anything, also being under a red sun or taking our sun away then use via Batman weakness, a bullet thru the head! Why hasn't anyone blew his head off yet!? #Batmanshouldbedead!
😂 He just needs a lil liquor-Then he’ll come strollin in to Lois’s apartment drunk and be like, “Lois, girls are gonna have bigger eyes than yours, and, and, they’ll see through lead too.” He crashes and breaks her tv. He’s embarrassed and melts it with his laser eyes. “Oh crap, Lois, what, what happened to your tv? It’s melted?” She turns on her bedroom light, and he flies the eff out and away as fast as he can. 😂
Quick answer: hell yes
Thor still kicks his ass
Is batman overrated? \nAns: 10000^e999% True
Great points!!!! #myecomics
Gold experience requiem *cough*
Yes
thank you!
Nerf Superman!
No, because Batman.
Yes. He is IMBA!
#26 on trending.
Just ask Batman.
Agent X?
Superoverpowered!!!
Yes
No
one word saitama
Yes
yes
History of Superboy
He destroyed a fucking solar system with a sneeze. YEAH HE'S OVERPOWERED!?!?!
His a russian collaborator based on Liberals.
Dislike. I don't need to hear your political opinions on a comic book video. Fuck you.
I had a smile on my face when I saw the thumbnail and it disappeared when you made that joke. Let's not get political next time. You can if you want but it just doesn't look good comming from Triune. I know it's only a joke but don't break my heart Triune. It's fractured right now.
Always happens to me.
I'm so DEADDDD. Holding doors for other people is a Canadian Past Time
Was this trending at one point??????
The Walking Dead all over again...
I thought this was a Game of Thrones Parody
passing on the hold the door curse to that guy like ..*salutes* 😂
His is he driving you crazy  bitch
Lol, i love you feel you have the need to hold the door for one person and then it just turns to a whole freakin state. i LOVE you Anwar!!!1
come to this link https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF7HXKSn18HG-h7BrR-J6xw?view_as=subscriber
This guy knows more models than the late Hugh Hefner!
This is literally every Canadian out there on earth.
Let’s have a moment of silence for everyone that has lost a family member holding the door 🚪 😔🙏🏻
this always happens to me
I relate to much to this sketch because I never want to pass the curse of politeness and continue the cycle.
haha the thing is this has actually happened to me lol
He has lelepons sitting on him and he's saying he has a family
click on the photo to get free gift card
Its me ...... the ending made my day hehehehehehhe no no no i have a family 😂
My friend always holds the door open for everyone. It is soooo annoying! But she's just being polite
I have a family 😂😂😂
Hey you need a haircut me😁😁
Helping other is good but too much is not good
I would close the door
😂😂
This is what happens when you're too nice
It's not tha deep lol
I'm your fan from indonesia broo.. you know wkwk land?
Wow this is not funny to me at all, it's kind of basic and shitty, and the views and likes must mean i am out of touch with reality.
ههههههه لدي عائله 😂😂
HODOR!
Lmao!...I bet Lele enjoyed this moment..|2:04-2:06|
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fe1gRYdGWVo
OMG.........ITS JUST A DOOR!!!!!!!!
if coachela had on door
SO TRUE!!
you are great bro. I am your fan from India. keep up entertaining
happens to me all the time big fan luv u anwar xxxx
We all know what happened to the last time he wanted a haircut
Anwar I want talk to you just one time please I am the biggest fan of your
I watched all your videos 😂😂
This is a channel who copirite all you vids\n\nhttps://youtu.be/A6I6uPSTfgA
What's the outro music
I would have closed the door so long ago ever since Inana. I would have closed it in her for being rude 😂
thanks for the translation to arabic
I do this too. Mostly for my friends. But it hasn't turn into a problem, yet (:
anwar you are just smile source keep going
Can u make more videos please☺️
LMAO😂😂😂😂I HAVE A FAMILY
1 like : smash crush\n\n1 sub: you can fly\n\n1comment: have a nice day!!!!
This reminds me of second grade. There were class jobs for when we left the class like line leader, caboose, and door holder. I was the door holder and always the last one out
Does anyone else think that Anwar looks like Portugal Man
oh my gosh this video gave me anxiety for some reason but I still loved it lol
Things happen like this in THE TWILIGHT ZONE!!! *music*
does this always happen in america?
Why 0:45 the guys are speaking portuguese? Lol
Legends say the man is still holding the door
LEGENDS SAYS THE MAN IS STILL HOLDING THE DOOR
Sub to me I'll sub
Amwar why are you so weird
I would use a door stop
Who asked that bitch if she had a boyfriend?
game of thrones hold the dooorr
This exact thing happened to me when I was graduating 8th grade XD I held the door for my family and then everyone rushed in someone even thought that that was my job XD good times.
Where the fuck you get those ideas 💡
Do you work in agents of shild because yo see exacly like  honter
This always happens to me, mostly at church, people don't ask me to hold the door, but I just always feel like I should hold the door for people
Dang imagine if your relationship ended cause you had manners 😂💀
this is a funny video
Anwar is my city and my channel is sheitty
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The ending tho 😂😂😂
😂😂😂
😂😂😂
Lmaoo
555555555555555555555
Hey guys subccribe my chaine
pure genius!!!
Plz
Lol
Invite the whole neighbourhood tova party , recover the money by making this video.
The girlfriend is pissing me of 🙄
This is me at school when I hold open the door for one person
Better than smosh
911
Why did i remember the hodors dead scene 😭
m9awdin li mn dz yakhbat j'aime
HODOR
hodor
Kok kezel ya nontonnya 😂😂😂
HODOR !!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Amazing funny man ever \n... 😂
hey ehats up
Great video !
You really made my day:)
I have a family!!! 😆😭
I'm dead 😂😂😭
Rip Hodooor Fans of GOT  anyone ?
Assalamualaikum
The guy who holds the door in the end was hilarious 😂😂
i have a family lol
this video was so calming to watch
This is so cosy omg😍😍
This makes me feel so autumnal and cosy✨🍂
I love a good evening routine but I thought this was a bit short.  Love you and your videos though but I'd prefer a loner night routine next time ❤
Really enjoyed this x
You look absolutely SNUG in this video Tan :) I feel relaxed just watching! Big hugs xx
SO MUCH COSINESS! X
I know this will get lost in the comments but I hope anyone who reads this has a great day! xx
you have a hot tap that you can just run straight into tea?! INCREDIBLE
This was very relaxing to watch 🌹
This makes me so excited for winter nights in!! 🙌😍
Please please please could you do a book video, a lot of the books i have read have come from watching your videos and seeing what you post on instagram and i would love to see your recent reads/current favourites x
Your kitchen tap is so cool ❤️
Was watching baby videos with my familie and saw tanya and Tasha holding me at my christening, I knew we used to be family friends but didn't expect it!! Made my day thanks tanya x my name is Ellena Russell btw and I'm one of the twins!
A special setting on the tap to make tea water is such a british thing to have lol 😂Great as always Tan xx
Beaut 💗
That blouse! <3
Hey I’m a new vlogger if anyone would like to check it out i would appreciate it 😊
This is nice,but too much work,especially when I am tired and just want to eat and sleep!😃😴
ohhh how i love your videos x
One British youtuber to the next, Alfie to Tanya. *****2:30** am in Australia***
Where is your dress from at the start?? I adore it!! 💕 xx
such a relaxing video 😊😀
Tan I LOVED The Goldfinch. Stick it out till the end. Happy sweater weather xx
For someone with anxiety, sleeping is one of the worst parts of my day as I have the worst sleeps. So a relaxing routine is the best thing I can do. Taking a few notes from you! 😊💕💕
Tanya can we have a perfume collection please? Xoxoxo
I generally come in and just fall on the bed until morning.
This video was so cuzy, i liked it. But it was a little bit short. :)
YES TANYA IS READING THE GOLDFINCH!!!! LOVE HER
I love candles this time of year 😍🍂
This video is so calming :)
Ahh the Goldfinch! Unlike most, I hated reading it! Found it to be very morbid 🤤
G
What did you spray on your bed? 😊x
I love your videos Tanya, they are so calming
First?? Wow Tanya u are so inspiring, I ❤ u keep doing what u do and anyone reading this I hope you have a wonderful day no matter who u are, where ur from and what u look like u are special and are loved by us on here ❤❤
I've read goldfinch by Donna tart and it's amazing!
cuddling with doggie was the best part for me!!
What book are you currently reading ??
Where are the jim jams from though?
OK BUT I LOST MY MIND AT THE TAP
That hydrogena water gel is sooo good
I love your morning and night videos. Xx
I love watching your routines please do more of theseee!!💕💕
Such a cosy, autumnal short video definitely my fav types to watch 😍🍂☕️
Gorgeous make up... You always look amazing xxx Great video x
Was watching your older get ready with me videos, was wishing you upload one soon.....and it was sooooo amazing to see one today
Needed this!! It's been such a drizzly day - this has just made me feel so cosy!
I love these kind of videos! It  must feel so cosy. I wish i had a routine like that. Love you Tanya
your videos are always so relaxing to watch
First of all like, then watch 😍😘
This was such s relaxing video
perfect video to watch on a cold autumnal night!🍂✨
I saw the book lolita, its soo good depsite the erm yeah
been waiting so long for this 💍
Tanya! Where have you been!
I love your videos so much .. They always make me smile and are a joy to watch xxx
lots of love from Croatia, Tan! xx
are you vlogging your book tour?? I got tickets for Norwich signing see you soon !! xx
Omg I have the same tooth brush as Tanya 😀😀😀😀
Loved this video your voice made me feel so relaxed <3 Kisses from Greece <3
Lovely video! Where are your PJs from?
Hi Tanya, love your videos would love love love to see a fragrance video. What ones are your favourite and do you wear them at certain times through out the year? Im dying to try diptyque eau duelle this winter. Noticed the different perfume bottles in the bathroom from a previous video you did recently. Thanks from Ireland :)
Been loving your videos lately 💕💕
Your voice is so calming omg
i love evening routine vids aghh
❤️❤️❤️
I am relaxed just watching.
Omg everyone needs that tap 😂❤️😉
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ahh my favourite type of vid❤️❤️
you look so beautiful !
Love you too
Love youu! <3
LOVE YOU!
Your routine videos are my ABSOLUTE favs 😍😘 ly
So inspiring  Tan!!! Love you so much.
love this tan
Love you Tan♡
Best video ever lysmxxx
Where r the pjs from ? ❤️
Sooo early!!! Ahhh
So cozy and relaxed, thanks Teebs💞💤💞💤
Hi from russia)))
What pajamas are those? They seem PERFECT for Fall!
I use the water-gel, it's brilliant stuff whether you've got oily or dry skin!
Give it a like if you love Tanya!!xxx
Aww I love this video! Keen for a bath now. Also I just loooooooove Tanya's style !
Love your videos, they always make my day!! You're my fav!
I've been using the neutregena hydra boost moisturizer for the last year and I'm hooked. Almost done my 2nd jar (costco size). I have normal to dry skin and I find this actually plumps up and hydrates my skin. First ever moisturizer than actually made a difference for my skin! ☺️ Love it!
such a calming video to watch!
For anyone who sees this comment I would absolutely love if you could leave any thoughts on my cover of my Heart Will Go On by Celine Dion. Sorry for the self promo but I would love to have some advice!! Love u Tan xx
YAY notification squad!! :) Wow Ian mcshane is in american gods, he's one of my face actors lol!! I really want to try the neutrogena hydro boost I've heard it's really good :) yay love the zoella soap opera, mine has just run out so i'm using scooper dooper now :) x
Does anyone know where Tanya got her Albus Dumbledore wall art from? It looks so nice! X
so relaxing <3
Love you tan 💗
love this! XX
THIS IS SO RELAXING! 😴😍
This is gonna sound so creepy but your feet are so nice
Oh my god wish my routine was this cosy
How long did your milk face last? Did it transfer through out the day?
I just want to say I am white and all foundations are pink for light skin
I love make up but I'm not a super fan of make up and I can tell that MILK is not for the brown girls.... and I'm not even half way into the video... #TryAgainMILK
This brand seems terrible for black girls
I love the Milk highlighter and the lip/cheek sticks. If I remember correctly this brand is marketed to older women. The products are cream based and hydrating.  Maybe the foundation would work better if you had dryer skin?
Milk is basically editorial makeup for people with perfect skin -_-
This video is everything 😂 iconic
Every time you do the intro dance with your name, I'm jamming with you.  We need a song!!!
You look so beautiful. All the products and colors look great on you!
you don't have $1000
Gurl, Jackie, I got to watch a 25 min review of yours, even as my husband cuttin' in with questions...Babe, give me 20 more mins!!!😂😂😂 Great review, I'll get the hydrate thing and lip paints!!!💋
this look is a LQQK
Jackie needs to write a damn book #icalledit1st
I love how honest this is! I was so curious about this brand thank you!
I still rilly love this look tho!! Slay all day <3
Loved the overall look that you created!  The eyes are BANGING!!!  And those lips!
I like her personality
Been wondering about this brand but never picked up anything 🙌🏽 this video helps a lot
Does anyone else thinks she looks a little orange???
Lol I love when you said fall back to the silisponge, too funny!
i spent a g on milk in my entire lifey
Do a video of full face of beauty bakery
this review was great! this makeup def isn't meant for full coverage, but i like wearing just a couple products here and there & also i'm v pale (since this brand CLEARLY does not offer enough range for medium, dark, or deep skin tones.... smh) so i think i'm gonna try some of these out! they seem like they're perfect for what i'm looking for :) thank you for the honest review!
Watchin a video about the brand milk, drinkin milk
He need some milk! 💀😂😂😂
Girl you are hilarious!! This is beautiful per usual 😍😚
In conclusion won't be buying milk
Girl you leaving that concealer on your face is giving me anxietyyyyyyy 😂😂😂😂😂😂
The noise she made when she saw the highlight, this girl turned into a demon real quick 😂❤️
my cat meowed when Jackie mentioned milk , and now she won't leave me alone
girl you crack me up. so glad i found you in my recommended!
so that whole bottom row of foundation looks exactly the same.........who is responsible for this...........
Your hair is so beautiful and so are you! I know that I can always count on your honesty in your reviews! Thank you Lady!
One. Thousand. US. Dollars. I feel light headed.
You are definitely my favorite personality on YouTube. Gorgeous also.
Your videos are so fun.  I’m not buying MILK though.  I’m here for Jackie.  You looked lovely after application.
As an extremely pale person, the foundation shades are great for me. But I agree with Jackie as there should be more shades for people with darker hues ❤️❤️
I just discovered you today in my suggested, and girl, i love you okay?
I love that you always speak your mind in these brand try ons! Giving real feedback, YES!
you are hilarious ! when you yelled at 4:10 i was just dying 😂 just discovered your channel, you're amazing, that's all 😍
Your intros are now my favorite thing ❤️
Tbh I don’t really feel the eye gloss because it took the “bam” effect of the liquid eyeshadow product. Also it may suck for people with “greasy” eyelids (like me) because it will just look like somebody smacked their fries onto my eyes and I’m not here for it. \n\nYo, that’s my opinion and I’m not generalizing. I’m just saying that it won’t work for me or people with similar problems, not saying that nobody can rock it.
The milk cooling stick comes in a mini with an oil if you wanted a smaller size just btw ☺️https://m.sephora.com/product/cooling-water-sunshine-oil-set-P420124
i spent a lot of money at sephora\ndescription says video is sponsored by Cotton\n\nlmao
Your hair made me want ramen 😩
Are you wearing contacts in this video your eyes look green maybe just me😍
All of the light colors and I still can't find mine.
i subscribed because i didn't want your hair to judge me \ni can't deal with that
who did you sell your soul to to get such nice teeth and can i get their number
Loved this tutorial. I am gonna check out some Milk make up.
Ummm, yeah, not a fan of the milk line. I totally understand this tutorial. Ummm no thanks👎
I just found your channel and I instantly subscribed oh my gosh, you’re absolutely gorgeous and I love how honest you are! \n\nMilk can come out with 500 pale shades but only a couple of dark shades? No thanks!! I’ll be taking my money somewhere else that will support all of us!
I think you put too much makeup on, for what there trying to advertise to their customers, I think that's why the foundation didnt dry mate. overall i'm loving the Christmas vibe im getting from the whole look. I gotta check out those lippies and highlighters
Lawd, that stuff was so greasy, you were sliding across my screen honey. Not here for the MILK
Yeah for the foundation the lighter shades are ridiculously more focused on than the darker shades it's almost comical. Especially bc it's already easier to match shades for light skinned people in the long run with concealer and contour.
4:45 wtf we white people need one called white and this gets me so mad to see we got 8 and black people get 4? Like that's not fair cuz black people a most likely to be mix with something so they should have more then us OK I'm done 😂
I feel like Milk makeup only works really well on people with 100% clear skin and aren't looking for full coverage but a more minimalist look
Makeup companies NEED TO WORK ON THEIR COLORSSS! like SERIOUSLY!! light skinned girls and dark skinned girls need to have equal representation!!!!
Milk you need some milk
I feel so bad for the people who don't know Jackie Aina <3 cuz they've missed a lot!! like literallyyy....u know wa I'm talking bout'
Maybe that's why they aren't talking about it *inserts Jackie's face* 😩😂😂😂😂
The reason Milk is 'less is more' and sheer is becuse it was originally a Korean brand
I feel like Milk makeup is meant for women that already have flawless, perfectly shaped brows, and sculptured faces.
Jackie hitting us with that utterly flawless skin♥️
SIMONEZIA U NEED SOME MILK !!! lmao i LOST my shit 😭😭😂😂😭😂
The beginning was so fun because my name is Jackie too and hearing her say my name all the time is funny lmao
I'm one of the dedicated ones :P
I feel like Milk Makeup is aimed for light skinned people with dry skin.
Love the Jackie song. You just can’t do that with the name Sue. Sue Sue Sue...Lol!
the only reason I'm interested in  MILK as a brand is bc AESTHETICS :(
She doesn`t know how to put on makeup.
I... can't believe I love the glossy eye
read the caption of the video and said “Jackie what the hell did you do?” 😂
YOOOO this is the funniest review ever!!! I'm rolling LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO. When you applied the bronzer smh.
But mom where is your top from?
Milk is something I've been wanting to play in... but I'm super not impressed. I might do the bronzer but only for lazy days. And you still look so mono- colored with concealer and bronzer... no bueno. You're gorge as always... just not a fan of the product.
you should make a video on how it lasts... love your review btw
This video is so fun 😂😩
Does anyone know what foundation brush that is 😭😭😭
So all in all, MILK Makeup is nothing I absolutely need and honestly after this review, nothing I want either lol.
I had to rewatch this because the screen shot icon thingy is COMEDY !!
oh its very sheer lmao
SYMONZIA!
MILK YOU NEED SUM MILK!
omg jackie just he needs some milked i'm SHOOK OMFG
You are amazing, Jackie Aina!
MILK needs some chocolate syrup!
Ehen you shoulda been spendin that money on riris brand, obvi
Cotton uh?....
Peeps, train actually looks like heavily #coolmiddle
Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie jackie Jackie Jackie
11:16 I died!!  😂😂😂😩
She is fair ❤️😀
Randomly stumbled onto your channel and I am glad I did ! Awesome vids =]
BRONZER, BAKED, BRONZER, BAKED! LOL
Give me your lashes, JACKIE!!!!
Your natural lashes are everything 🙌🏾
THROW THE WHOLE PRODUCTS AWAY. Gosh, they stay disrespecting us sis lmao
You are hilarious omg
Uh, girl, u bout the only ONE i can trust!! Bring it Mamma Jackay!!!
Make sure to check back next Friday as we are launching our brand new animated HALLOWEEN special! 🐱🕷
Who puts an iron in their kitchen?
A laser pointer can blind a cat, permanently.
Ahh yes take out the gr in the title and it will be very true
to be fair who throws away that much chicken :P great video!
My most favorite cartoon. So much truth.yes,cats are evil and I love them!
Dear Simon's Cat Owner - I am a die-hard fan and have been for some time now. I feel I must speak to the new Titles you have recently been putting before each episode: ie, they ruin your hard work', etc. They are mildly insulting to the viewer (myself, personally), and superfluous to your beautifully non-verbal, non-descriptive animations  - they take away the surprise element for me. To put it in perspective, I get the same feeling from placards in art museums that tell you how to feel about a work of art. It's just not necessary - your work speaks volumes, for itself.  Anyway, please keep making and posting these - I love them all!
You were totally grassing for it
lol 😂
6:05 Fertilizer!
:-D
This is absolutely adorable. 😄
Love these, so funny to watch :)
😹!
Accurate ❤😂
XD this is soo true!!!
@1:51... Priceless expression!  X'D , 3:30... Bwahahaha! , 5:27... smart kitty , 6:14... another priceless expression  X'D , 8:11... too cute.
😺
and how could ANYONE NOT LOVE this????
Are those overdrive car's?
First time watching you.  :3
класс
РУССКИЕ ВЫ ГДЕ?
Cant stand the guys voice
Miaou i suscribe
lmao
the cats pooping face tho 😂
Priceless possession :D
lmao that Scalextric sketch is hilarious!
Cool cat
LOL!!  Very True!!
funny clowns all day long🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Priceless possession XD 1:55
Haha my cat sleeps on my head too
Супер :-)
🐱
Und wie ich das kenne.😀
Priceless possessions = testicles. HahahahahaHahaha
Simon draws Simon drawing Simon's Cat.
SIMON u should do simons cat and the trampoline!!!!!!
Why is this. In my suggestions
Just mere curiosity: who the hell can be that 198 people, who disliked these videos?!
Hey..Simon's Cat..Why are you allowing people to advertise porn on your channel? Little kids watch your cartoons and read the comments.
Oh, my gosh, I can't believe he just threw out all that good meat. Haven't seen the cat's reaction yet, but I don't blame the cat. Seriously, all that would be sandwiches for the next few days for me. x)
My long haired floof kitty is a shoulder kitty.\nUnfortunately, she's 10 pounds soaking wet with needle claws.\nBut she's a  love.\nEven if she makes it look like I'm wearing a weirdly lumpy all black fur collar.
I feel bad for this guy :(
I LOVE ⚘YOUR CREATIVITY🌻✔\n:) bobsparrow((🐣))\n@  http://RobertLougheed.WIX.com/thedoorisopen
c'est la Récré....!
I chuckled all the way through this!!! SO funny... my cat has pee'd in my flower pot while trying to dig it out before! 😂🌼\n~Mow~
'\nwho is this word - THEY - at 005 to 011...\ncute cat
I would love to see this early in the morning with a narrator voice deep and calming.
Hot Spot: No cat does that for real. \nFast Track: Your fault for teasing the cat. \nLaser Toy: Once again, your fault for teasing the cat. \nTrash Cat: Who throws away a full chicken? \nFlower Bed: He gives you good fertilizer and you're complaining? \nBed Head: See, cats are good.
OH MY GOD I WATCHED THESE THINGS WHEN I WAS LITTLE
I laughed so hard! This made my day!
How To Take Care Of Cats
1:51 see, this doesn't happen if your a girl. well, it doesnt hurt as much
So true, and so adorable, I love your channel :D
Also its hard to keep them with smaller pets because they will constantly try to eat the small pet.
my childhood cat clawed my mom in the butt once. He tried to jump from counter to counter. She was in the middle digging for pans under the sink. He realized he wasn't going to make it. My mom's butt was his landing spot, she ripped him off her, and threw him across the kitchen into the family room. I couldn't  stop laughing. Poor little guy. I made sure he was ok, and cuddled him.
I’ll fuckin tie ya to a bed post with ya ass cheeks spread out an shit an put a hanger on the fire an let it sit there for a while then take it out an stick in in ya asshole like sssssssssssssssss
Remember when these were funny and original?
Go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You get the only free secret tool fully FREE for this game.
i always watch simons cat when i have my cat steve on my lap.
Excuse me you miss spelled your title\nIt’s Pain in the Ass
Go To The google search And then Type: *gamesecrxguide facebook* This is actually the only working facebook secret working these days. Never waste the time on some other specific tools
Thanks for making us laugh every time!
Why the fuck is this in my recommendations???
I love the videos because they're adorable
Awh, this makes me sad that my Fluffbutt decided to sleep in the closet tonight. :(
9 minutes of simon's cat. SO HAPPY
Regardless I still love my cat no matter what. <3
That eas great! And long too! 😁😂
‘scribed!!! So it’s about time someone out there appreciates cats AND loves them for who they are! Keep them coming!!
Simon is like my cat ginger..
CARTOONS ARE FOR CHILDREN!
WOW! Just found your channel. YOU GOT IT DOWN, man! I subscribed! I have 4 cats, now , down from 18, who passed of old age, etc. I LOVE THEM SO MUCH! Each of them has their own personality, and good or bad, I LOVE ALL OF THEM! Keep up the great channel!
I have a cat that can fetch
1:50 This contest is over!!  Give that Simon the $10,000!! ^^
he threw away a whole chicken.....
Getting hit in the crotch needs a sound effect. I think I got it!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUTVmuqviqE&ab_channel=BenderRodriguez
How old is simon
nice video its remind me my Cat🤣🤣😁👍🏽
Still waiting for Trips to the vet. Love your videos
Your Videos are the best!
So true, no wonder we love them...Does that mean we are crazy?
Lesson learned. Replace all table lamps with LED so they can't be used by cats to get a tan.
Go to my channels leslie Singh and Ghetto Mama Mukbang and check out my pets. Thanks Subscribe
I remeber this and still watch it
My mom said she watched this in college
This is a lot like Wallis and Grommet\n\n\n\n\nI love it ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I have a cat and a dog. They are my family. Love them to bits
Yeah my cats have systematically destroyed chairs ..vases..carpets....but I still love them.
As a gal with moderately long hair, need an episode with a cat accidentally pulling one's hair by stepping on it... Mine as of late has been doing this. She jumps up on the back of my chair and wants to lay down and purr away but inevitably she steps on my hair. Plus, she seems to never be able to make up her mind as to which side of the chair she wants to face either.
My cat is fat and fluffy like a cloud also it weighs 20 pounds...
Simons cat told you to tap a few buttons here and get paid for it.....\n\n\n\n\nGO HERE 👉 http://tinyurl.com/y7gq4xz8
i read that as cats can be a real pain in the ass
Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;\n\nRomans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, \nand shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the \ndead, thou shalt be saved.\n\nRomans 10:13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall \nbe saved.\n\nActs 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one \nof you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye \nshall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.
Imagine buying a new TV and your cat knocks it over. I had a cat once he bit me because he got hungry. I put him out never saw him again.
My kitty has been missing for a week. I’d give anything to have him ruin my stuff right now. 😿
Dan Toolzerian, go back to ur paid prostitutes u piece of sh!t
Who the fuck is this idiot?
If he was a real cowboy he'd have his own gun . That shit kicker hat,how many times have I told you not to wear that shit kicker hat!
When people try to be heroes.
Whilst the real men where actually raiding the room and sorting him out , fuck this spoilt dick .
I think this guy is funny!  He'd be great to grab a drink with, and then jump into bed for some hot sex!
This guy probably thought he just wondered into a die hard film
I'm so glad everyone here knows Dan is a tool unlike those on Instagram and Twitter.
Holy shit, a tragedy! ....how can I make this all about me?   - Dan Bilzerain.
can the bilzerian challenge be a thing where we just get in people's fucking way and try to do their job for them really annoyingly
This is cringy af. You’ll be doing the cops a favour if you weren’t going to act as a hero in front of them. \nAdmittedly some people came  and put their own lives in danger to save the injured. But this guy asking a cop to give his gun is a new level of retarded
Dan is a 5'2 Manlet. Fact.
Oh yeah, like a cop is gonna give him a gun when he could have been apart of it behind the lines and could have shot them all dead as soon as they trusted him enough to give him a gun. Fucking idiot. \n\nIf you were the cop and there's a guy in a hotel shooting people who are in a crowd below and some random dude with a cowboy hat came up to you and told you to give him your gun, would you? Would you trust some random stranger enough to not point it at your head and pull the trigger when you are in cover, effectively making the shooters objective of killing as many people as possible even easier without those few cops to hinder him? I know I fucking wouldn't.\n\nThis is #1 on trending for all the wrong reasons.
This duche bag ran away and past injured people to save his own so called tough butt.  This video shows him after he left and is more than far away from the concert area.  Oh hi officer, you must recognize me from instagram and from my new E cig juice line that nobody wants.  Can I have one of your guns?
Does running towards live gunfire look like cowardice or an attempt to help?\n\nNeither. It looks like fucking stupidity.
This guy is all show. People like him disgust me. Hope his following drops to like 5 ppl.
lol... I don't know who you are... and why are you wearing a cowboy hat dickhead... lol
record me while i save the day
Running from not running to
I like how he has a dedicated cameraman to follow him into battle. Anything for some clout I guess. How pathetic
Should be helping all the injured people , oh that’s right - at a time like this he makes it about him, what does that tell you ? I’m sure this won’t be the last of DD - Dickhead Dan
Always thought this guy was a Tool.. that just confirmed it.. fuck off Dan & let the Real men handle it.. you shooting targets in the valley is not the same as someone shooting with intent to kill... What a Fuckwit !!
Hans Bubby, I'm you're white knight! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb2ZfG77BAo
Isn't he a fake army guy
let me show you my creds lmao... if he said okay he would have pulled out a couple pieces of paper
you're still a fucking douchebag
He was running towards the concrete chicane for cover, I wish the LEO would have butt stroked him and told him to GTFO.
People actually died and your running towards the scene.. It's not a fucking video game..
Judging from this and his IG, he seems like a living, breathing Michael Bay movie. Wonder if he can transform into an L
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven! He died and arose from the dead to give us eternal life.*
Plus running towards was the ONLY way out.
i hate how the cops hold there guns like there about to shoot but they dont
People bagging him out for thinking he ran, but when it's proven that he actually tried to help, you all still find something negative. Should all be ashamed. Sure asking a cop for a gun was silly but in the moment he probably didn't think it through.
Give me a gun what a fucking dummy he aint no cop atleast not active yeah their going to give him a gun lol
Who cares, he did all he can
please some one tell me he didnt say 'do you know who I am' and the cop said 'idgaf who you are'
I think Chuck Norris has finally met his match
Lol dan is so funny I can just imagine him on drugs at the festival thinking he’s in an action movie starring himself 😂
Good for that officer. Get the fuck away from me right now
He's ex military u fuckwits. People calling him a pussy are morons
I would have less animosity towards the shooter if one of his bullets ended up in Bilzerian's dome. Ridding the world of that try-hard attention whore would be a public service.
Typical dbag conservative... interfere with the law and NOT try to help.
this guy watch too much movie
Put Dan and a sniper rifle anywhwere up to and including 1 mile of the shooter, back your bags nights over.
A little mace to the face was in order.
wtf man u can literally hear 2 separate caliber guns being fired at 0:27 mark
This is exactly the whole problem with Americans they grew up watching stuff like Rambo, they try and look cool with a gun, they want to overpower others, they're literally obsessed with guns and literally find every single excuse I've ever seen to not give them up. It's not a game like Call of Duty Black Ops okay real people die or are left paralyzed for life and traumatized.  59 people died 200 injured. Your OWN people just died. So yeah it's not funny. Stop fucking around with guns they're not toys for adults. The numbers just keep piling up mass shooting after mass shooting. Americans they never seem to learn from the casualties and aftermaths - sometimes I wonder if the GMOs are affecting their brains stop eating that crap it's making you blind and stupid!
He knew the answer would be no. He just needed a quick video to all of his douchebag followers to prove he isn't a coward. Also, he's never been shot at in his life, so why is he lecturing the camera about what it's like to be shot at?
if he wanted to help so bad his big dumb ass should have ran in the shooters sight line and drew fire
Who filmed this and why?
What a douche. He lives as a hero in his own world. Too much movies man it doesn't work like that in real life.
People like this are sick posting this \nWhile people are terrified of guns while they are being pointed at them then shot them if they unfortunately are their \nI'm sure this is against YouTube terms of service right
lmao the cop who actually has to deal with being a man on a daily basis says to dan GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM ME RIGHT NOW\n\nand in that moment - he realized why he has to posture so much.
So uhhh why is this number 1 trending youtube?
He's been watching too many action movies
Not sure why he is running and exact what is benefit of running towards shooter like this?
ahahah Mollied out of his mind asking the cop you need help? ahhaha...gotta love this cocksucka
He's such a cunt.
When you se the surviving victims interviews.. you know this isn't hoax
Run up behind an armed police officer in a shooting like that and we're supposed to give him credit for it? The guy is a fucking cockwomble. Of course his methods won't be in police training manuals, they don't teach police to surprise armed people in tense situations like this. I don't know who the dumbfuck uploader is, but he hasn't helped Dan Bilzerian in any way at all. It would be smarter for an untrained civilian to get out of the way than to do what he did here. Of course helping people as you can, that should go without saying. He wasn't helping, he was hindering.
Yea random guy I don't know, please take my police issued gun and accidentally shoot yourself or an innocent bystander so I can lose my career.
people thing it was a belt fed gun not an AR because of the sound, what do you think of this vid? https://youtu.be/wqxiA5bFNgc
FALSE FLAG ATTACK!!!! \nWhy we see no pictures or videos of dead victims or the shooter in a day and age where everyone has phone cameras??
Yeah just gonna hand my service weapon over to a stranger.
Cop was like: WHO DA FOOK IS THAT GUY?
Easy to call him a douche but when some one is running into the fire and at least give a % on trying to help, that what makes the difference. He has all the money in the world but he still is willing to at least take go head on. That's what America was know for. Being brave in times like this. My thoughts go to everyone on this day.
This comment section is pathetic. Your all cowards. This man is running towards the threat wanting to help. \nNotice which way the cops are going... \nfuck you cowards
Bruhhh...I think he have AUTISM!!! \nWho in the right mind? Literally ask a fucking Cop for a Gun? Lol
Why the fuck would u run towards the shooter
What a fucking dumb cunt LOL. What's he going to do even IF he gets his hands on a gun? Spray at the windows? He wouldn't have shot the guy and probably would have ended up shooting some civilian hiding in their hotel room. What an idiot lol. It's sad this guy has so many admirers, just because he got his daddy's money and can pay to have women hang out with him.
Am sorry Dan but..\ntaking cover, whilst the shooter reloads, does not close him down.\nYou utilise that moment, to gain closer cover, without looking to see if you can gain a camera angle.\n\nAll I heard was thump.. No crack.\n\nFor those that have never been under fire...\nCrack, is the sound of a bullet that is close to you,\nthen the thump of the weapon that fired it..\nYou head for the thump, in my former regiment.\n\nNot like this this thickwit does,\ntaking cover during a reload!\nSEAL, my backside!\nShould have joined the SAS,\nand grown a pair..
Dan bilzerian running towards las vegas shooter\nhttps://youtu.be/rXrQZ_1VGd0
Americans 😂😂😂😂
What a stooge
SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL PLZ
Wwo
Looooooool
Twat
Sit the fuck down. You thirsty media whore!
Wanker
expected more...
what a dickhead
Chiken runs.
https://youtu.be/y1Mgac0KnhQ \nMust watch guys
Navy Seal reject. Nuff said.
Lmao!
Hate Homework?\nhttps://www.patreon.com/user?u=5262175
Dumbass
lol what a dumbass
Wow what a hero /s
Freaking moron
What a loser, fake hero
dan watches too many movies
What a ass
Unsubscribe this guy immediately!
What a fucking loser!
Dan Bilzerian Texas Ranger.
Fuck Antifa, they did that
Shame this ego cunt never got shot
Wait, so I don't know this person right. But to me it looks like he's trying to be a hero, there's admiration in that, I would personally want to do the same if I was there. But asking a cop for gun? What are you fucking stupid? Get your own gun pussy. Also does he really need a fucking camera crew behind him? Doesn't the fact that he's in a group make him a target lmao.
Wasn’t miley crying about the poor people in Texas yet now she has time to play while people are still suffering? Ummmmmmm
That background laugh when he chose the it card tho 😂😂😂
XDDDD when she did BORN i was laughing and falling off of my chair
I think im in love with Gal gadot now😍
What is that font the numbers are in?
not a complain but how come miley is on the tonight show everyday :O am i missing something
gal gadot suprised me bc of how dayum tall she is but was more shook tht she guessed it so quickly dayumm HAHAH
The way Miley looked at Gal.
I have a serious crush on Gal....omfg
mileys ass looks like a lotion bottle when you squeeze it
Miley needs to go see a pediatrician, sticking her tongue out all the time is most likely to be tongue protrusion...
Would it be ok if Jimmy acted to eat as a clue for It?Would it have counted if she guessed 'eat'?
I love how Gal had to get Jimmy's attention back to the game 1:16 😂 lol
Miley and Gal we're battling who can wear the tightest pants
0:37 the band guy's crushing so hard on Gal
GUYS, GUYS\nwhat's the music at the end?! Shazam ain't shit :((
Why has Miley been so much on this show lately?
2 of the hottest women on the planet... I thought No one could hold a candle near Gal, but Miley was looking something fantastic in that outfit!! After that celebration... I drooled a little. Being in the same room as those 2 is a die happy moment!
miley deadass pulled out her engagement ring oh my god i'm in tears 😂
waited jimmy to walk like that clown
I started watching because I wanted to see Gal Gadot and kept watching because of Miley Cyrus' beautiful EVERYTHING. She's ridiculously gorgeous
Miley should never be on screen next to Gal Gadot. She disappears. Lol
It's obvious Cyrus has mental health issues.
jimmy you clearly lost man XD
how long are those legs holy
Both women are stunning in this
Sorry jimmy, you wish for a tie, but miley's team won. 😂
Miley's body in that outfit is GOALS. Gal is such an incredibly beautiful woman it's unfair, her smile lights up everything
4:40 I guess we're jizzing number seven
You didn't tie! Jimmy is such a cheater!
She Wonder Woman of course she guessed it so fast.
Actually, Miley's team won. Sorry, not sorry.
keep the people entertained watching this mindless crap. unaware of what really is going on
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven! He died and arose from the dead to give us eternal life.*
There arent many one word films why does falon have to over react to everything
man i'd love to fuck both
they're so hot. gal gadot and miley <3
I love how miley was checking out gal gadot in the beginning and @ 0:05 gal caught her lol. Awkward
Jimmy and gal lost. Not a tie
hate this game, here for gal
Miley can get it. Oh damn!! She's fine a.f
who the fuck idea was it to invite miley to Gal's guest visit?
ID BECOME A FREAKING SERIAL KILLER TO GET A DATE WITH GAL GADOT
I love how Miley look here..
Jimmys face when she instantly guessed it was amazing😂😂😂
Miley is the devil
I WILL EAT GALGADOTS ASS BUT DAMN MILEY U CAN GET IT TOO
Wow Gal Gadot I love her smile, it's so natural
Gal Gadot has to be in Dancing with the stars
Why do both of the women keep sticking out their tongue and making licking motions? Bizarre.
Ggg
SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL PLZ
That onesie tho
that's ittt!!! <3 <3
Gal Gadot never fails to make me smile. 😍😍😍😍
gal gadot, what a woman..
Gal Gadot is a precious, precious cinnamon roll.
wt..actual..f is Miley wearing 😶
_”Somewhere in America...Miley Cyrus is still twerkin’...”_\n\n~ *Jay-Z*
Miley is finally hot again
IT BAHBAHBAHBABAHABHABABAHBABABABH LOLOL I LOVE IT
Tariq be pimpin'!!!! #TheDeuce
She can gal my gadot....😉
miley and her tongue are so fukcin annoying omg
Grace will be happy.
Damn Miley 🍑
Hahaha jurassic park
love them
Great squad 😍😍😍😍
trash bitches
More Miley Cyrus.... 🙄
Id let Gal Gadot shit on my face.
3:01 so cute
Vulgar.
lol vinay
03:20 HOOOOLY
WOW MILEY AND GAL LOOK GORGEOUS. 👏💖😍
Error 404: boobs missing
Gal tiene súper buena vibra. 😍
Itty bitty titty committee
clinton firdouse haa haaa
Illuminati puppets gotcha folks
Our wonder woman
Charades? Here I am
http://bit.ly/2y0p3JN
I want to marry Gal Gadot
Gal is pretty and adorable.
like how jimmy conveniently swipes gal's turn.....
gal gadot doesn't even have to do anything, she just sits or stands and my heart melts. and when she plays charades, oh my God, I am so mesmerised by her.
Cmon guys, we all know who is the real winner, the first time you look at her!
Is no one going to mention how Jimmy lied about it being a tie?
its not a tie, Miley's team won. Jimmy couldnt get Gal's attempt...JImmy does hate losing.
The It was so setup haahahah. Yeah right.
For it all you have to do is the dance
Can we just talk about how good Miley looks
2:43\n*Miley is bae😂💖*
Omg miley so beautiful.love you so much miley😍💝
2:43 Miley has lost it guys
2 women with massive Neanderthal foreheads.
I fucking hate Miley Cyrus.
your makeup down to your outfit at the LV show was so beautiful 😍
It stresses me out when you say my Uber is here and you carry on filming. It's the OCD in me. 😭
Ok I'd like to fly to Paris now! Ahh so beautiful and that food :D xox
your hair looks so nice sleeked back! xx
Oh man, I live i Paris and you are right near my work 🤗😆
sweatshirts' colour is like hogwarts'
You are looking so chic these days and defining a really unique style for yourself.  I believe the polished you shines brightest. Xx.
I love when people vlog places on my travel bucket list, watching this while doing hw and dreaming of traveling to France myself one today 💕
my goodness tanya those two lv looks on you :' )...i nearly died..amazing!!!!!!
Thank you, Tanya, for virtually taking me to France. I will never be able to afford visiting it in real life.
What’s the app that makes everything sparkly?! I need it!
you're so beautiful! I'm just a small timer looking for a kick start in the youtube world myself :) anyone who is reading this, please visit meeee xxx
I went to Paris a couple months ago and I pretty went to every place but the Louis Vuitton store xx
I love your videos sooo much Tan
I want that LBD w/ the studs!  And wouldn't mind someone gifting me that LV black bag😉
You are so fit Tanya!!!
What is the lipstick you are wearing before the LV show?!?  Beautiful colour
I've bought 2 of Tanya's illuminating powders and I love them so much!!!
I bought one of your eye shadow palettes today. The pineapple one I followed the instructions on the back and it worked really nicely. Absolutely lovinngggg it thank you xxxx
Felt like I was in Paris with you!!! One of your best vlogs !
Tan you look gorgeous!! 👀 ✨ *Any small youtubers wanna support eachother?? Will sub back to anyone who does ✨💗 Lemme know when done xx*
Ly u look amazing as usual!!!! 💖❤️💞
So jealous! I love Louis Vuitton so pls invite me next time haha! 💋
what lipstick were you wearing love the colour💗xx
oh my god, it's will smith!!
💜THANK YOU💖
Whats that berry lipstick shade????? Its so gorgeous Tanya!!!!
Thank you for sharing Paris with us, Tanya <3 I loved seeing your trip - blinis are my favourite!
this is the best you have ever looked! you're glowing!
Hey Tanya can you show us the products used on you for that look/techniques? You looked so radiant and healthy!
Yr hair and outfit looked amazing x
Love that red dress.
Your dress was great little  bit edgy and it suits u 🤗
I can't stop staring you teeth, Tan😍had to stop the vlog at 9:48😅 could you please give us an update about them?
Could you tell us what the lip colour is from the party look? It’s absolutely gorgeous😍
You are soo lucky going to Paris!! I always love all your outfits but these in particular were fabulous!!!
The red/berry lipstick is amazing! What shade is it? So gorgeous!
Your fashion week style is literally so beautiful 😍✨
that plum lipstick!!! what is it??!
I really love the music you used in this Video what is it?
Also u can clearly see the difference ur invisalign has made to your front teeth
what app are you talking about that makes everything sparkly? also love that tear drop ring! so nice! 😍
Paris is such a beautiful city, hope you had fun! Loved this❤️
You look absolutely stunning and I'm so excited on your behalf! \n\n\n\n\n\nAlso, I'm a new youtuber 😇
I have only lived in Japan and Australia \nAnd HOLY MOLY I can't believe you guys can travel across countries by train!\nSo jealous!
If you could check out my cover of sam smith and let me know what you think that would be amazing :) x
You look gorgeous in those LV dresses xx
Jaden smith 😍😍😍😍😍😍 all the acts were so good
Ah love paris 😍😍😍😍😍 I miss it
I was the 114th like
I love you Tanya xx
You look so beautiful. Love your red dress! Xx
Where is my early squad at?! <3
the make up is amazing !
Hair and makeup was gorgeous! Made you glow. Stunning!
Witch lip product do you use at the end of the vlog?
I was in paris 3 weeks ago! 💕
Paris is beautiful. Glad you enjoyed your time there.
Tan you look so amazing in this video
What curling wand is that?
Early squad!!!!!love you tan.You look like a goddess TBH.Love from India
I love vlog like this. ❤️ It's almost 19 minutes long but I felt like 5min. ❤️ you looked gorgeous. ❤️. 🤗. Love from Poland 🇵🇱 💟
Amazing vlog! xx❤️❤️
Loveeeee your vlogs!!
U r such a cutie :)
Love Tan💕💞🐧💕💞
Love you, Tan!
Loving your outfit 😍🔥
I LOVE YOUR MAKEUP TANYA ❤️❤️Xxxxx
Yass i love  this vlog
You look so stunning😍
Tan looking beautiful as always✨😍!
R.i.p. uber 😂
YEESSS love vlogs!!
Love your vlogs so much Tanya
1STTTTT!!!!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\nJk I'm 10,049th 😂
Love you Tanya 😘❤❤
Really enjoyed this vlog!
so exciting...
Loveing the vlogs x
Ahh lucky
I love your hair!!!xxx
YOU LOOK SO GORGEOUS :O <3
Your initials on your Louis Vuitton Luggage 😍  TBC
You looked stunning 😍
<3 LOVE YOU
What a dream 😍
Awww congrats tan lysm 😘
That black dress is marvellous and suits you soo well. You look gorgeous
What's the name of that app at the end of the vlog that she uses on her martini?
Is Kate her manager?\nDamn the 2nd hotel is gorgeous
When I heard you say you were going to the Louis Vuitton event, I was hoping there would be a little bit of footage of the windowcase decor from Vendome because my company did it and I can't find any footage or good picture of the final result!! Nice vlog anyway.
What are you learning lines for?
Hey Tan 😊 i’m sure you had a house sitter but was worried about the beginning of your video where you announced both that you were home alone and will be away for a few days to Paris. X
What's the last cafe she was in? La bella..?
whats the sparkly app called??
I would think that with Paris just across the channel and a train that takes you there so quickly, loads of Londoners would be criss crossing for short getaways a few times a year and not just once in a few years.
I love how Tan gets all of these amazing opportunities but still remains so lovely, sweet, and humble
I've always wondered if she gets to keep the dresses and handbags or if she has to return it - anyone else know?
HAve your teeth changed??? And if yes, what did you do?
I need scream 5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IT WILL ONLY TAKE 5 secs TO SUBCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL \n\nPLZ SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL AND ILL SUB YOU BACK
Well, I've attended screenings before a movie's release, and there was still line-standing. Mostly because they'd let you in at a specific time. Can't risk you using your free ticket to sneak into some other movie, I guess?[
Why the old sin counter? It was broken last time? Is it fixed and working again?
Cinema SINS I've been a long time fan can you please do silence of the lambs
First thing I notice, it doesn't say Movie Sin Counter 2.0
Please do Scream 3 and 4
These Scream series are old school besties and I understand it's 2017 but come on these were in the 90's anyways I respect all opinions
Where are the wonder woman sins????
what happened to the sin counter 2.0
Why do my balls move around like there alive when I'm not moving?
Has scary movie been done yet cause I can't remember
Cruel intentions for Daphne the Vampire Slayer and a simply irresistible Grudge because he know's what she did last summer...best line ever lol
Where's the sin counter 2.0 lol
Everything with the new chucky movies
everything wrong with IT
It does not beg the question. It almost never begs the question.
THANK GOD THE SIN COUNTER IS OK!!!!
Everything wrong with Ocean's 11
You need to do a final destination movie.
Wait, did I miss something? How come the original Sin Counter is back. I re-watched the last Sins video on Blade Runner and that still had Sin Counter 2.0 and mentioned nothing about the original sin counter coming back. So.......what gives? Or did they just forget to put the new counter in.
Luke Wilson as Billy Loomis for 3 seconds was the best part of this movie
You should do The Pearl by John Steinbeck
Everything wrong with The Number 23.
Everything wrong with CinemaSins in 60 minutes or less
5:28 sry to break it to you, but my roommate does it every time he comes back.
Please do Final Destination series!
I never got why is Jada Pinkett on the cover? She's in like 8 minutes of the movie and gets killed first 🤔🤔
Can't wait to see what happens when you eventually get to Scre4m. Yes, that's the actual title.
At 19:13, what is that quote from??
I put quite a bit of time and consideration into this comment, so you'd better appreciate it. Also I'm right.\n\n0:56 The point of making them overzealous for a slasher film was to show them the cold, tragic reality of death and make them feel guilty. The dickishness of this audience was intentional.\n1:34 Of course they would. A crowd of rowdy dumbasses like that? And they need to so the killer can get away with stabbing Jada Pinkett Smith.\n1:45 The voice chanjjger was obviously collected as evidence.\n3:03 You said it yourself: they're a bigger bag of dicks than a bag of dicks.\n3:14 He just would've done something else!\n8:03 One of the most important staples of the Scream movies is that the killer is always someone with an obsession with movies.\n8:11 OF COURSE movie has time for such an important scene. This movie was partially based on the fear between genders. Men are afraid that women will laugh at them, and women are afraid that men will kill them. This scene shows that Derek isn't afraid to be laughed at, proving that he can't be the killer.\n9:00 Of course he's a laughable cop! That's why we love him! Or, perhaps he gets that Randy is a film geek who knows movies in the same way as the killer, and already survived one killing spree. _Or_ perhaps Dewey's gullibility is merely meant to lower peoples' expectations, thus enhancing his ability to effectively maneuver within any given situation.\n3:12 Okay Jeremy, now you're just making shit up to sin.\n15:09 He's still trying to talk to Sidney. Maybe to apologize this time.\n15:19 She saw lights on.\n17:27 He obviously saw Gale getting kidnapped and followed.\n\nActual Sin Tally: 113
You missed a sin at the car scene: black character dies cliche
The only thing wrong with Scream 2 was no nip slips or vag shots
Scary Movie and Scream 1 and 2 have blended so much in my brain, that I cannot tell them apart. Wasn't Dewey the murderer?
Everything Wrong with The Mist\nEverything Wrong with Mars Attacks!\n\nPlease.
Still waiting for Wonder Woman... though I'm guessing we're doing a Halloween theme in Oct, in which case, do IT! or coraline
But when are you doing IT?
😣😣 looking back at this, I can't believe I thought Courtney Cox was great! What was I thinking?? She was SO damn annoying in these movies!!
Rob Zombie's Halloween 2! Please!!! Do you even listen to your viewers or read the comments? I've been asking for that movie forever... You did the first one, do the second.
Since you release content about the same movies at the same time as ScreenJunkies... are you also going to release a statement where your interns  & staff got sexually harrassed, assaulted and threatened?
Do Transformers The Last Knight, I wanna see all those sins!
lmao that laugh at 10:58 sounded like some sort of stuffed animal that has a speaker inside
I like how Carmen Electra screams on bed.
Been waiting for this omg
Everything wrong with the emoji movie \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIn 20 years or less
I saw the porn spin off of this: Cream 2
So... red apples mean your more likely to be a killer?
Probably nobody is gonna believe me when I say this but I'm actually related to Neve Campbell (The Actress)#\n\n\nHer Dad was from Glasgow and her Dad was my Grans Cousin\nShe doesn't know I exist tho lmao
The Rocky Horror Picture Show.In honor of Halloween.
I just realized that watching the movie in the theater was such a non event for me that I did'nt even remeber till I got done watching the video that I've actually seen this movie before.
Everything wrong with transformers the last knight??
I would not completely rule out that John Wayne Gacy sin actually happening.  America is dumb like that.
I bet everything wrong with It is gonna be 1 one trending
Everything Wrong With The My Little Pony Movie ft. Littleshyfim
hey cinemasins are you gonna do it?
Everything wrong with Baby Driver
How about do a everything thats wrong with explaining everything thats wrong.....video.
Transformers the last Knight and final destination
Please do an Everything wrong with Final Destination! Like any of them
You've never been to a theater in ALLENTOWN PA then........
How can ppl make it through 20 minutes of this stupid nitpicking?
This movie is unwatchable.\nSmith ruined it BIG time
Do wrong turn or the hills have eyes
No no no no there’s nothing wrong with scream 2
Glad there’s subtitles bc you talk fast as fuck
this just makes me wanna watch Scary Movie
James cameron is also the creator of terminator !
Please check out the music on my youtube channel and let me know what you think!
she knows who the person is BECAUSE IT IS THE MOTHER OF HER EX, plus not the only reason but that is more from the 3rd movie
Oh my goodness, I love Scream franchise sooooo much!
CinemaSins can you do zombieland movie next?
R.i.p wes craven
THE SIN COUNTERS ALIVE!!!!
Everything wrong with The Emoji Movie sins galore
#40 Trending is Australia.
Final Destination \nScream 3\nIT 2017
Punisher war zone
https://youtu.be/y1Mgac0KnhQ\nMust watch guys
Do IT(2017)!!!!!
Do baby driver
Shot channel
Doofy made poopy in pants.
fucking fuck fuck
Cotton Ex Machina
Wazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuuuuppppppp!
WOW 16 ON TRENDING
Cinema sins is cancer
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
This movie is so bad i can't even watch this video mocking it.
Everything Wrong With  *Schindler's List*
Punching a cop cars window can break your hand or at least hurt it badly so that scene where he just effortlessly punches that shit is FALSE
You need to do one on It
Neve Campbell can act with her facial expressions alone
the funniest lines\n\nJoel :\nI just read your book\nyour last cameraman\ngot gutted\n\nGale :\nhe wasn't gutted\nI made that up\nhis throat was slashed\n\nJoel :\ngutted , slashed\nhe ain't in the union \nno more\n\n10 / 6 / 2017\n6:45pm Nys USA
Scream 3 and 4 please!!!
Free 250$\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwNBpP4mrQU&feature=youtu.be
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven! He died and arose from the dead to give us eternal life.*
Now you should do transformers the last knight
Everything wrong with Cult of Chucky
Sucky 2017 action film. Please not Spider-Man please not Spider-Man... Oh yeah, the mummy came out this year too... phwew, we're good...
I got an Old Spice ad in front of this video....
I've always liked Terry Crews; I'm so glad he seems like a genuinely great person.
MY FAVORITE EPISODE SO FAR. I love this so fucking much.
You guys should make a episode with idubbbz
'when you work you learn, you grow' some words to live by from ya boy Terry!
Wow you got a old spice add before the video? Omg how crazy!!  Stfu they are obviously promoting it on purpose
8:16 I want that as a framed poster so I can put it up on the wall in front of my bed so that it is the first thing I see when I wake up every morning. That is both motivational and magical.
The little whimper at 17:36 followed by the I Love You has to be one of the funniest Hot Ones moments I've ever seen.\n\nAlso, Terry eats those last few wings like a Fear Factor contestant biting the head off of a cockroach.
Solid guy. The story about his time as a security guard, and the bit about connecting with his son through his interests... awesome. Onwards and upwards Terry Crews.
This was one if not the best Hot Ones episodes. Terry Crews is a gentle giant and very inspirational. Terry, you deserve everything of success in your life and I hope I run into you someday to say you are awesome!
It’s so funny when he yell hahahahaha
and i just happened to have a old spice commercial
Terry’s bites are really small
This was the best episode of hot ones i have seen to date, terry had me crying with laughter lol
I got an old spice ad before the video
His scream is the best !
anyone else notice sean said let the people know what you have goin on in your life differently this time
Terry is a real, humble, funny guy!
He’s a pussy he could even take a football coach yelling at him
Terry could be a dick but he is just such a nice guy that wears his heart on his sleeve. What a champ!
This is absolutely the best episode!
Am I the only one that noticed that Sean updated from a  h&m hoodie to STONE ISLAND JACKET!!!, I honestly love that he made it big from eating wings on youtube.
TERRY is the man!!  I think this is the first episode that gave me an ulcer watching the pain he went through. Great show Sean!
Who else didn't get any adds while watching this?
best one yet. Terry Crews is a fantastic human! subscribed.
Building gaming rigs, brooklyn nine nine, idiocracy, and old spice! Terry is da bomb, and hot ones keeps bringing in the best
i lost it at 17:33. terry is the best.
we all love Terry, period
Terry crews is my favorite person hands down
if you want your guests to last through out the show you should have chocolate on standby
literally the greatest person to live
Are they not with Complex anymore?
You could use his screams for the voicelines for doomfist
Am I here? 19:10. What would make people say that?
One of the most likeable ppl in hollywood
The first time I ever seen Terry was on battle dome back in the early 2000 late 90s. Dude came a long way 👍 he did good
The video recipe follow along with the pudding was a really nice touch.
spicy wings on a totally empty stomach? its not the in id be worried about lol ouch... love Terry Crews though :0)
need a change up bring on a race car driver or drifter
Sean, could you PLEASE post a link to some of the stuff your guests have done. For example, the video clips of Terry and his son unboxing the computer and putting it together, I wish you could've linked that in the description. I'd love to see that.
Terry, you are real, and delightful. Bless you man.
What a great guy!
I thought he had\n\n\n\n\n\nPOOOOOOOWEEEEEEEEER
He is so pure and wonderful. Definitely a guy to look up to.
Terry was awesome in Everyone Hates Chris.
anyone else got a Terry Crews old spice commercial before the video
Terry is the best
I actually got a old spice ad when I clicked on the video
I like Terry,great guy
How about vince from wwe ?
You should get Tom Holland the new Spider-Man on here 😃😃😃😃
Terry Crews is one of my favorite people
Terry was in the ad I watched right before the vid
I am loving this man more
I've watched every celeb on your show that I know...by far this is my favorite.  Terry Crews is a real mofo and this was amazing!!!
Those wings are burnt as hell
Just when I thought Terry Crews couldn't be any cooler, he shares a killer bread pudding recipe. 😎
I *LOVE* this man!
All time favorite movie with Terry Crews\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWHITE CHICKS
Who else got a Terry Crews old spice add before this video?
I love you Terry, thanks for the positivity vibes!
Terry Crewes is the fucking man
One of my favorite famous people.  He makes a bridge between people you know and celebrities.  It always warms my heart to see him.
Is it by fate that I got an Old Spice commercial as the beginning ad?
Got a terry Cruz old spice commercial lol
Terry crews old spice ad played before the video.
Terry's an awesome dude................but man he can't handle spicy food.
The interviewer has no emotion lmfao
😂😂😂😂\nI fucking love Terry Crews\nWhat a genuinely great guy
No joke, did anyone else get an old spice ad?
I got terry crews add before this video a!
I just spent twenty minutes watching two bald men eat hot wings and I'm not mad about it
Terry is insanely likeable!! :D
Lol
SUBSCRIBE TO MU CHANNEL PLZ
everyone hates Chris😂
Old Spice
Terry crews is simply Incredible 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
HIS SON PLAYS DOTA!!
POWEEEEEEEEER!
biggest crush on him
Amazing episode!!
Realist interview
WHAT BITCH!?
LOVELY BLOKE
GORDON RAMSEY NEXT!!!!!
What BITCH!!!!
Best show on YouTube
Do lil uzi, or sosa, asap rocky or SMOOKEY MARGELIA, nba youngboy, lil wayne
Idubbz would be great
Good soul 🏋💪
what bitch?! Terrys the best
I fucking love Terry Crews.
Get Joe Rogan on!!!
6
get jim carrey
Something about Red Spice.
Nigga's teeth brighter than my freaking future
MAKIN MY WAY DOWNTOWN'\nWALKIN FASS'\nFACES PASS AND IM HOMEBOUND\nNA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA
Captions at 3:55 haha
God bless Lin-Manuel Miranda to to use his gift of music to raise money for Puerto Rico and to remind all the victims of Hurricane Maria they have not and will never be forgotten . they are a part of us.  Puerto Rico you are a part us . A part of America, a part of all our hearts.
Who are these people?
Thank you. My family really needs this.
all 1k of the dislikes, i will fight you all
THE COQUIS THIS SONG IS AMAZING
I don’t know what they’re saying but this sounds beautiful
The Coqui was the best part! 👍👍👍👍👍
Camila Cabello is in this song,  but her part is very small in this song,  which I understand.  These people are all big stars,  except her,  she is new.   This is not about anyone,  it's for Puerto Rico,  it's all for good cause.
Boricuas always bitching about wanting to be free from the US. Now you crying about needing help from the big bad U.S.? Then Trump shows up and tosses paper towels to you guys. If you want shit done right, gotta do it yourself.
What is the song talking about?
Planning to fundraise with my Girlguides and I’m hoping it will go towards Puerto Rico or the other girlguides there
I have absolutely no idea what they're saying but I think it's beautiful that songs like this get made
No one else saw like at around 2:40 when he gave him a fist bump high five then wanted to.give him a fist bump but had it out for like a few seconds. No oh ok
Do you suffer from hiv_aids, skin problem,\nherpes,cancer, heart problem, kidney infection, just\nwrite at Dr obor mail hsvcurehome@gmail.com\nfor good cure .you can send us message on WhatsApp +2348105813057
Don't understand a word, but this is lit af
Never been and don't know anything about Puerto Rico but I will pray for them
WAIT WHAT. WTF IS DANIEL DOING HERE?!??!?!?!??
ive watched this five times and im just now realizing that lin was wearing a hamilton shirt in a few cuts
Spanish version of we are the world
It’s almost like praying 🙏🏽
It is the perfect body scanner app to make a joke to your friends.\nThe usage of body scanner app camera is so much simple that everyone can use Body Scanner Prank.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bodyscannerrealcameraclothscannerprank2017&hl=en\nBaby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors application has the particular fun and nonmedical objective. \nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en\nJust download free vpn for android decide on your own personal country\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.proxy.super_vpn_free_master_unblock&hl=en
To anyone turning this into a competition to say who is better than someone else: all these artists are stunning in their own way, even before doing such a PERFECT campaign song. Preps to each and every artist featured!!
And Lin had Anthony in there, oh my gosh. My heart goes out to all of the people affected by the hurricane
Whose the guy at 1:27?
I love this so much. Such a thoughtful and amazingly performed homage to the people of PR atm 💚💪
Wait are they just naming places?
Had no idea that Jane the Virgin could belt
Amazing! I'll try and find a way to buy it now, if not, I'll make another donation.
View it if you love your parents I know only some will do but pls help\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcP0raXEI-Q
I HAVE HAD SPANISH CLASSES FOR THREE YEARS NOW AND ALL I KNOW HOW TO SAY IS HOLA SO ILL WHIP OUT THE TRANSLATER\nThis is everything. We really need to bring as much attention to Puerto Rico as we can, the news stations aren't doing much to bring attention to this. I have family and friends in Puerto Rico that I have no idea if they are okay or not. But all we can do is hope and pray. Love this <3\n#prayforPR
I don’t understand a word of this song but I love its depth so much! ❤️
genius. hurricane maria, and almost like praying samples west side story's maria. and each city is said as if it's #almostlikepraying. all the families hoping, praying their homes are safe.
Didn't understand a word, but it was beautiful Lin. You are so talented.
In the last 12 hours, I have listened to this song around 30 times. My 2 year old was dancing to it while I cooked dinner, I told my oldest daughter about what it was like to land in San Juan where and have all the boricuas applaud. My wife and I reminisced about driving into the rain forest after breakfast to the sound of birds mixed with rhythms of salsa that was born in those hills. VivaPuertoRico
Hope for the best, but this song sucks
This song is SO GOOD and what it stands for makes it even better
I love this song! Is it bad that the only part I don't like is Lin's it's almost like praying bits? 😕
R.I.P The People That Died At Puerto Rico 🙏🙌🙌🙌🙌
THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING MY CHANNEL :)
My dad said if I hit 200 subs he will quit smoking for good. Please help
I have no idea what they're saying but this song is so catchy\n\nalso 0:34 fucks me up 🔥
i feel like that
My fellow Puerto Ricans look how much Hollywood cares about us & our Music this video only has 800k views but if it was Propaganda Millions of Libtards will Watch 😁
Check out my music
fat joe !!
🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
My baby cute muffin Camila Cabello ❤❤❤🌹
cuando oí Isabela OOF
Noone cares about Puerto Rico
Camila cabello ❤️
ZZAYN ft Nicki.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLHUNHjr6mM
Ohhh song
Absolutely gorgeous. Well done.
VIVA PUERTO RICO!!!!!!
https://youtu.be/yzwCGzec9f8
Standing together forever.😥
GLORIA!!!!!!
This need a milliom views
CAMILAAAAA 😆😆😍😍
Я https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi8mlyuyxjaDaQOFnNgVd3Q
Yas Camila yasss!!! ❤😍
Camila ❤️
Puerrrrrrrrto Rrrrrrico
made it before 1 mil
I saw Anthony
Is new despacito?
This song fucking sucks Miranda stop singing u annoying bastard
🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
Love the beat. Gina Rodriguez though omg!👌😍
Camila Cabello 💃🏻😍👸🏻
BEFORE 1 MILLION VIEWS SQUAD
watch my videos pls? https://youtu.be/RvLYH3wOfrE
Beautiful !  Thank you!!
awesome track , god bless nuestra  gente latina
AMAZING! AMAZING! AMAZING! 🇨🇺❤️
Shit song for shitty people.
Gina Rodriguez ❤❤👏👏
❤️❤️❤️
Linnnnnnnnn
this is legendary
con puerto rico ❤💪
Love it!
925 dislikes ??? Must be trump supporters
My Camilita 😍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DO-Ws2ddEcA&t=33s funny videos :))
Lost 12th century old krishna Temple (venugopala sawmi) near Mysore\nhttps://youtu.be/gn-saZs8nZw
Who needs more paper towels?
Me encantó esta canción es tan Hermosa♥♥
Esta canción es lo que necesita PR ahora mismo,para que el mundo sepa x lo que está pasando PR y los que están dando dislikes no se en que planeta viven😒#pray4pr #prselevanta
lol donde están las mujeres casi desnudas todo el video y hablando de sexo? q pasó? xDDD
Q BONiiTA BANDERA! 🇵🇷 Yo te Quiero PUERTO RiiCO!  **PECHO INFLAÓ! BORiiCUA Aunque NACiiERA En LA LUNA! YO SOY BORiiCUA PA' QUE TU LO SEPAS! 100×35 HERMOSA ISLA DEL ENCANTO** DioslosBendigaaTodos Coqui...🙏🏻💪🏻🙌🏻
Buen coraje a nuestros hermanos de corazón, te amo Puerto Rico <3    https://www.youcaring.com/luisfonsiporlaperla-966265
Se agradece a todos los artistas, como fan de Camila Cabello estoy especialmente orgullosa ♡
Todos unidos por Puerto Rico 🙏
la isla del encanto pequeña pero poderosa todos unidos saldran adelante mi mas grande y fuerte abrazo a toda la gente de puerto rico se que juntos saldrán de esta son una tierra luchadora bendiciones la Isla Del Encanto💘
No entendí la mitad de la canción 😟
yo soy guatemanteco bit a kick it with ricanos como ustedes
I wish they had included the singers' names.  Some I don't recognize and would like to know who they are.
en la comodidad de sus estudios, sigan quejándose, escribiendo música y beneficiándose de los necesitados y la gente débil. ya fueron a limpiar calles, a repartir comida y agua, a regalar ropa, a entretener a los niños y niñas que verán y se acordarán de el buen gesto de amor.  el dinero no lo es todo.
Any Puerto Ricans here? or am I the only guy in Puerto Rico who listened to this? xD
Again bisping faces a steroid user.  Bisping should use. He would be champ Al day long
Bisping just took the title from Connor as the #1 shit talker in the UFC lol
Why weren't Wonderboy and Masvidal there?? In my opinion Jorge has good gangsta trash talk and I would love him to talk shit with Bisping
Bisping is funny tho most the time lol
Looks like Dillashaw borrowed one of McGregors old suits. Short pants skin tight, check. Loafers and no socks, check. Shirt with monogramed initials, check. All in the same colour even.
GSP is so cringe, he should be the 3rd guy on the Ferguson vs Lee fight
GSP is awkward in public, that a shame, we will see how he fights with USADA.
Oh michael bisping you have so big mouth that talking shit ! In November 4 gsp close it forever !
that this is how legends aree made sounds so fucking cringey
Bisping is smart and he has heart that I give him. He's not trying to be right or analytical or intellectual, he wants to get George emotional!!!!! \n\nPeople get triggered so easily, it's funny to play with their insecurities if one does not give a fuck
I hope Namajunas kick that fucking monkey face of Joanna, she is one cocky bitch, She must be destroyed, If not now she will be sometime ...
George stock exchange gainer look like he has dent in his forehead.
How can't you love intoxicaded michael?
Are you intoxicated? I dont know why but that made me laugh
Joanna Jgagagbmqkakksjjsnesjjjsjwjhahsuwkdngrioendnjdjdnchek look like Roger from American Dad. Would love to smash though weirdly.
I hate Bisping but he's the best shit talker.
He's been watching the last Boy Scout too much
Bisbing is trying to be Connor
If....... IF GSP wins, that's is going to be the biggest troll 😂😂
6:23 if tom brady and john cena had a son
finally smbdy decides to push Bitchping the fuck out of the way
how come they dont take their titles with them
Never doubt gsp 15 pounds wont make him a worser fighter if he's mentally prepared and physically ready, he'll beat anyone in the middleweight division
Damn Rose you're fighting for a title try n show a lil enthusiasm
Bisping is the Biggest 'Coner-Wannabe' EVER. \nGSP came from the 'Martial Artist Respect' Years. He doesn't wanna trash up the sport. Keep it Classy Bisping. You're No Coner.
GSP is a good sport when it comes to getting trash talked, it's good to feel the love lmaoo
Bisping is the best shit talker in the ufc.
bispong is just a loud arrogant pig.as a matter of fact all 3 on that side are the same.
Michael Bitch ping trying to be chicken Mcnugget,c'mon man..it's just a game,focuses on your mma training & executed inside the octagon....btw GSP the legend,Happy to see you again.
Why is Michael acting like Conor?
That face off by Rose was cold as ice.
Damn and here  I was hoping for a lesson on stuhks from GSP ...Bummer 😦😑
Michael Bisping although a bit boisterous, is one of the greatest underestimated fighter of all time, and still #thecount
I'm glad they ignored the douche Cody.
hard to give any of bisping's trash talk credibility when he begged GSP so hard for that fight, like a kid asking his dad for money. he should thank him for allowing him to make ends meet. maybe he will be able to quit all these shitty side jobs he has to do like being a bad FOX analyst and this silly podcast.\n\nhe's also fighting a smaller guy here, as the fucking champ. that's really sad in itself.\n\nbehind all this talk and bravado he has very little self pride.
BISPING is a COWARD.... wearing Sunglasses like a COWARD and talking to a LEGEND. He has NEVER even earned a title shot... NEVER!!!! hahahahahahhahaha
The worst thing Conor did to the UFC was he set the shit talking and personality bar so high that everyone else seems boring and lame.
Bisping trying too hard at the trash talk! Trying to be another McGregor
Bisping has got this all day, stole the show 😎
Fucking Bisping..You can`t help but laugh at his jokes...he`s an asshole but a funny asshole. ­
wanted to see Tj and Garbrandt go at it a little more
That one mofo asked like 30 questions Dana probably like somebody come get they mans
making fun of someone's accent is low and a cheap way to insult someone. bisping has an unappealing accent himself so he should talk.
Why would bisping talk shit about Freddy? Just because he's training george. Kind of a low blow telling him he can't spell ufc. Why because he has Parkinson's? Does bisping even know what Parkinson's disease is? Lol
This is honestly an easy fight for Bisping.
Team alpha fail really can’t let that tj situation go can they. They come off as butthurt ex girlfriends it’s really obsessive and pathetic. Actually this whole presser is so forced and cringy
GSP is too scared, he can't make 170 without PED's\nHe's gonna be a fat little 185 pounder LOL
No questions for team alpha snake? Thats fucked up....
Bisping is an annoying butt yodeling redneck. 185lbs of pure second wave shit ready to be flushed where lt belongs
Michael Bisping, gets KOed the F out by Hendo, rematches him N years later and in many people's view did not really get clear cut victory in the rematch got dropped badly a couple of times,  even against Anderson Silva he got smashed. The only good performance that he has had over the past few years was against Rockhold which we all know Rockhold just underestimated him too much. Im so pissed UFC let go of Mousasi cuz Gegard would have annihilated Bisping.
Dillashaw looks like that grandma from there's something about Mary. What a tan LMAO
I know it's wayyyy over most of your heads but gsp's trash talk was by far the best
the UFC needs to update their belts. it still has the old logo.
So Cody gets asked one questions, and it's about his son... smh
Bisping trying to be Connor? what a clown..
CODY \nBISPING\nJJ
GSP is a genius
Bisping you legend ha ha ha
soldier of steroids LOL
TJ looking Trump-Orange
Rip rose
JOANNA GOING KILLL YOU  MALE/FEMALE HAHAHAHHAHAHA
bisping is a fucking goon
Gsp ll kill bisping
Hahaha rose is sleepy.. 😴😴😴😴😴
Only questions for bisping and gsp...... smh
Bisping is fucking hilarious, GOAT
9:48 BJ Penn is back!
TJ is a Cocky Cunt
Press Conference. Always fun :)
'Are you intoxicated?' ROFL
Bisping hates money hahah let gsp sell his shit
Cody “hanging with the boys” Garbrandt
Joana > mighty weak
Bisping is so funny😂😂
Roooose!!!
TJ looks like the skinny Brock Lesnar.
why is tj brown
GSP is whole different level 😂😂😂
Bisping trash talk so cringe
Bravo, Bisping
MICHAEL CONOR WANNABE BISPING lol
Just here for some funny Gisping banter
Rose looked incredibly poised in that staredown.
Bisping is the original conor shit talker lol
Cody cringe garbrandt
The Right way of Drinking Water  \nhttps://youtu.be/qWRGx4-zSdg
Bisping is the funniest most entertaining guy in the UFC. Oh God these roasts! 😂
Fuck this piece of shit Michael he sounds exactly like Connie mcfagot. I hope gsp knocks out  this piece of shit🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼
Looks like gsp had sex with aliens
You think I'm afraid of you - USADA
George ain't that much smaller!!
Michael Bisping and Conor McGregor should have their own press conference just the two of them
Bisping should win this fight but at the same time George was bullied a ton growing up and Bisping is talking A LOT of trash. He clearly doesn't remember what George did to the 3 fighters that really talked a ton of shit to him (Serra, Koschek, and Diaz).
I don't like Bisping and I hope he gets his ass kicked. Needs to be humbled.
GSP is just going to fuck this guy up.
*CODY* *JOANNA* *BISBING*
27:40 Nick Diaz shouting in background
nobody cares midget... borg almost lost to that skinny b**tch with red shorts.... that guy whos immune to mount
I'm English, an all I can say is Michael is guna get his eyes knocked straight 👍
❤😍🐱
Смеялась аж до слёз!
Cutest Halloween Special ever!
😆😂🤣 spider in attic was awesome!  🖤
😂😂😂😂😂
Sweet sweet
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=144124
Happy Halloween
These are great!!
3:35 top ten anime betrayals
cats are such jerks lol
Yup that's me.
brilliant as always
This was hilarious! LOL!
Im sofa monster cat in5:38
Nigger gtfo of trending
Haha!
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
😆😆😆😆😆😺❤😺❤😺❤😺
Congrats and cheers mate we love ya......
lol Freddy the spider
SPIDER GET THE NAPALM
Thank you! Happy Halloween!
5:17 Wilhelm scream
*sees spider*\nMe:
この動画、誰得！？！！
No me ha gustado, tengo fobia a esos horrorosos bichos
cómo me gusta este gato
Im zweiten Video! Den gleichen Trick (etwas Imaginäres werfen) habe ich auch angewendet!!! 🤣🤣🤣
Like si está hermoso el vídeo 😍😻💖 #SIMONCAT 💖😻😍
I like the new episode, but not the compilations. If i wanted to watch Scaredy Cat I would look it up.
I 💖 Simon's Cat! My new fave. Animation!
nope that shit   wouldn't enter  if i had a attic at all
Thanks again simon wonderful and classic Simon's cat. I love your videos
I from UK.\nWow, very good!!!
The little wriggle of the bum and back feet before jumping on the sofa, just perfect! :D
I would have killed the damn cat after the one( not litteraly)
I could have been. Great! XD
Does whatever a Spider Cat does.
Those must be some Peruvian squeaking spiders! (I know it's just a convenient sound cue, but it amused me. I enjoy your sound effects!)
I love these so much. ^_^
Spider cat, spider cat, does whatever's involved in that.
When you turn into a teenager
cats love attics. \nthis has been proven to be true, I have conducted PRECISE trials and experiments by granting my four cats access to the attic.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nthey didn't want to leave..
'Scary Legs' is the funniest ever!! XD XD XD They all are!
What did the cat do at 4:48?
Simon is starting to speak with actual words now
Darn it! Even a cartoon we can't escape Christmas decorations in Halloween!
Is horror (for Simon) episodes!
I guess that the real Simon is scared of spiders too
Simon's Cat cracks me up every time. Lol
I have a cellar COMPLETELY FILLED with Black Widows and Brown Recluses. Good news is that they stay down there, bad news is that they COULD invade my house. What should I do? Should I throw some spider poison down there and live in a motel for a while, or should I burn my house down?
Nicely done Simon! Thank you for the early Halloween treats! 🍬
Heh. I can't laugh too hard at the one with him reading a book. The same thing happened to me once ... and I reacted almost \nthe same way. I literally screamed and threw the book across the room in a fit of panic. XD\n\nThe Couch. Yeah, I learned longer ago, you can't have cats and nice furniture at the same time. LOL!
Hello and thank you for sharing your videos. Very awesome!
this cat is very clever!\nmy cats are very lazy and foolish!  😞
Well there goes my restful night's sleep. That attic clip would be my worst nightmare.
I'm glad my cat loves to 'play' with everything bigger than mayflies. Because she is a lovely, clean lady, she eats her victims to cover her tracks. And she wants to be praised for her catch of course! \nThis is going on for years, nowadays I just give her a vocal sign and point the spider or fly out and she's on it. My brave little huntress.
I know how you feel, Simon. I hate spiders. A great animation as always
Simon is me with spiders! 😂\nI’m watching this in a dark room and had to turn on lights because of my triggered arachnophobia xD
Spider cat that cool\nDON'T READ MY NAME
u need to do a simons cat getting a water fountain drinking dish 😂
I just uploaded a video What Reality TV Is Really Like Could you guys come check it out. But u know I mean after this video of course...
Glad to see I'm not the only uber arachnophobic. LOL
Simon- Turns on light in attic*\nCat- New place to explore! Yay! *Cat refuses to leave attic\nSimon- eventually 'lets' the cat continue to explore.\nCat- proceeds to get into some kind of heart stopping mischief*\n\nYep. Pretty much our cats if we forget to close the door to our garage.
This is just perfect for getting in the Halloween mood.
Ur gonna have to throw the whole house away
Design: Trevor Philips? I thought he was robbing banks and doing heists.
nope nope nope nopity nope nope nope! too many spiders for me!!  ;)
omg 4 spiders and lights turning off!
Lol
Hahaha
My worst nightmare
Lol
Free 250$\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwNBpP4mrQU&feature=youtu.be
Played out, not funny ...
Lol, Cute!! 😸
Nutritionfacts.org
lol.
I would have noped so fast out of the attic at the first spider
pleaseee check out my youtube channel!!! if you enjoyed like, comment, and subcribe. THANK YOU!
Scary legs is my favorite omg these make me die I love
Funny and see my video join the fight against cancer on my channel CJ Collins and see how to help cancer panties
This made my skin crawl.
Totally me when I see Spiders
What even is my recommendations anymore
Bad, Simon. Letting the cat go after the spider... *Shakes head*\n\nAdmittedly, I'll let the cat go after a roach, though.
The first segment is probably my worst nightmare!
Litrally me when i see a spider 😭
Black & white ? This is racist to say the least
God is warning the earth of a near judgment ! He is speaking through the natural disasters that are happening globally ! If you don’t believe me , watch any end times signs videos ! Pray in Jesus Christ name for your redemption for the judgment is near ! Keep the faith , keep the Ten Commandments! Read psalms chapter 50!
Simon's kind of a puss, eh?  Oh, wait...he's British....
You should make a coloring book and sell it! Im pretty sure people would buy it
The spider parts actually scared me X-D
Hey does anyone know how to make something like this? I want to make one for my YouTube channel maybe as an intro but I want it to be simple yet efficient. Anyone know any products?
What silly person would dislike this video? It is adorable! Love it! :)
Spiders are cute and very important. Please don't kill them. Thanks!
I thought you weren't supposed to let or encourage your cats to eat bugs because it could make them sick? I mean most of the time they'll probably just barf and go on about their day but some bugs can be fatal to a cat and it's too hard to tell one from the other
You went through an advertisement before this; didn't you
I haven't seen this since I was in like 4th grade! It's bringing back so many childhood memories💜 Love it
please do a video about slovak mre
S t A h P I T tHi S I S a FAn
what's app erreebuddy wellkyum to my labo-ra-toree
I like how he says party instead of potty
“u can pit creditcards in” *puts in spongebob cards*
Why do you have multiple spongebob cards? I love it.
only taras would get a plunger gun. guess what! it goes BOOM too.
I love your dogs :3
No BOOM in this video
Anyone know the breed of his white dog? Is it just another husky?
I only came here to see how many booms he says 😂😂😂😂
Did anybody notice the red dots on his hands?
I always love your vids keep doing what your doing👍
Are these products on amazon?
WOW!!! he has a paragon warlock :( i want one!!!!
The potty packs, remind me of rail road crew packs.  We have packs with hand wipes, alcohol wipes, toilet covers, toilet paper, and trash bags to use on the locomotives
what knife is that
How does it spin?
help me get me to 100 subscribers
I love that stapler thing im always having to use a stapler to keep my paper work in order as a truck driver this is a good gadget
What if crazy russian hacker dropped a diss track
I like that zip tie belt where do you get one?
I actually have that belt. It’s pretty cool.
Let's see if it came with a battery, of course it didn't 🤣
The coin bank loves you too, very much.
I already have belts like that 😑
Hats off to the people that invented these things
i would like to meet you one day :)
Wohoo your videos are on trending now!!! We love you Taras.
Heyyy we have to same knife
I thought he said cardboard women
This video made my brother go too sleep 😂😂
That ratchet belt design breaks well at least in my case
Nice unboxing
I really wasn't expecting spongebob.
Stuck at 10 mil for 3 months lol!
Love the dogs lol
BOOM! Trending!
The Paragon Warlock?\nThe CRKT Fulcrum?\nI see you, Taras
What u yelling about? -Taras Kul, 2017
S--t kit?
Welcome back to another abadubadu tutorial
#10 on trending 🔥
Wow, you look like taras kul
Are your hands okay
Sir please please please please
I LOVE..LOVE! Moist towelettes...(gamerpoop fans will understand)
Fynnuh!
Tapac
Crazysoviethacker
Cyka
Moist towelett
😎
luke is so talkative 😍
what the heck? Potty PacK!?!?!?!?
Yea yea..shave
بوم لايك
Great job on 13 trending
poty poc
Without soap and *paper towels* \n( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),
ZAZI
Had a belt like that and it sucked!
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS SO MUCH ENJOY LIFE 😄😄😄😄
Alpha m. Made a video about that belts 😇
Love the crazy Russian hacker! :)
eats a sandwitch in the bathroom.....
I love your safety shades, who makes them?
Im late because my notifications are always off.\nIm still early enough because im just always on youtube D<\n\n\n\n\n\n*a-mei-zin*
@ the hole puncher part: “woah...it just made a hole” 😂
We use the drain gun for nerf moding
STAHP it this is a fan
Add a stink bomb in  there and you have a fart gun
Long sleeves....is it getting cold in your area?
Here for Hugo.
Wow! That battery holder!! :o
Why o he shake so mutch?
Wow look dat
Holy moly your huskies are beautiful
Your accent's kinda funny😂
Hello happy apple
Boom Squad Trending worldwide!!!
10 gajecks
Ahhh good ol'e fun mail
Boom
Rush B
Nice
Долбоеб
are you lord chanka?
Those puppers are dope
BEST BELT EVER
Boom!
*Boom*
h e l l o
Cool vid
LOOK\nAT\nDAT\nWOAH THAT WORKS SO WELL
It’s like listening to Gru open fan mail 😂😂
I love this guy! BOOM lol
OK seems like u attack this to a bicycle. Let's see if it came with a battery... Of course it didn't.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nA true professional.
Still waiting for proper captions
Crazy Russian hacker the type of guy to miss his wife giving birth because he was playing with a coin bank gadget
Scotland has improved a lot
Scotland playing amazing keep it up boys.
It would be really cool if wales,england and scotland all qualify for the wc
Really Good Match To Watch..
What a game. Should have watched this one
Such a great match and better than a grand football final 😱😱
Wish England had this passion.
So many nice shots, but eventually get such a weird goal,
Excellent keep up the good work!
What's with the faggy pink shirts?
I'm English but support Scotland and Wales more - their team's passion is real
Imagine booing a Slovakia player because he used to play for rangers pathetic
Well done once again for fighting hard scottish boys just hope we now can get a win over in Slovenia be tough game but canny fault the effort from the scotland team
we played them off the park only one team in that match Scotland the brave love it ....
Couldn't watch it last night, but when I came out and saw the score I was nearly in tears. I love you Scotland!!!! <3 BRING ON SLOVENIA!!!
Everything went in our favour for once.Absolutely fookin buzzing.Proud of our boys Bonnie Scotland#1
England game was dull as always. Never mind they will get knocked out in the next round
Finally we're staring to get what we deserve out of these games. I think that comes from the belief that's in the squad now. \n\nCredit to Strachan for turning it around. And I'd say some credit has to go to Celtic and Brendan Rodgers. He's installed a winning mentality and a belief in the Celtic players that's now rubbing off on this Scotland squad. \n\nI'm a Gers fan btw so no bias here, just my honest opinion. Roll on Sunday. We'll win.
6:16 Great to hear the Hampden Roar is back!!!
Why is Scotland in pink? I've never seen that before. Also I'm very impressed with that Coldplay singer - didn't know he could play like that! ;p
whatever happens,so proud of my country tonight,Benidorm erupted when the goal went in,nice end to a holiday!
Man off the match is the fans xd
As Gordon Strachan said, \n\nTheir goalkeeper played brilliant, as did the crossbar.
Hi guys can everyone check out my little boys football channel if you like subscribe thank you
Unlucky, own goal at the end
Scotland will go in playoff because our retarded coach fafanec will lose on purpose. Fortunately he will be gone after this match and hopefully never seen again. At least it's a safe bet who bets on football.
I was tearing my hair out with 10 minutes to go ,the amount of times I have seen that with Scotland needing the win and coming so close chance after chance but the ball wouldn't go in the net at the 84 minute mark I just decided Scotland are cursed that's it end of ! And then that goal goes in Jesus Christ hahaha you stress me out Scotland but I love you surley we can do it now !!
We’re on our way mon eh Scots
You have great fans !\nBravo Bravo Bravo Scotland ! \n   With the victory !\n\n\n                                 Scotland Thank you very much for the beautiful game !
Scotland´s football player of the year - Robert Redcard (Mc)Mak ;-)
That keeper deserves a pay rise
What song was used after the OG also lets grab a win tomorrow boys #this time
Not sure if Scotland or Germany. Not sure if slovak goalie = Neuer 😂
You can’t beat a late goal man best feeling ever
Skartel giving playoff places since qualification to the world cup since the one for brazil 2014
I watched this match
The Slovakia keeper was just top notch and outstanding.  Scotland persistence and hard work paid off.  Go all the way to the world Cup finals
That keeper! The radio commentators weren't lying!
Greatest night of my life <3.
One of the greatest nights of my live I actually guessed Chris Martin would score in the 88th miniute (I know it was a OG) COME ON SCOTLAND!!!!
Would be so great to see my Scotsmen in Russia!! All the best from Germany, you'll do it !!
That keeper playing in the Matrix
Well done mini terriers
Yaaaaaaaaas!
Hope Scotland qualify from an Englishman
squeaky bum time.
Yassssssss
Hopefully Russia bound
Seen me
SCOTLAND!!!💙💙💙
That goalkeeper was a LEGEND
I hate yet rate Skrtel.  Very tough streetwise player.
https://youtu.be/Zo8I_gC6sSM
On ye go boys!
FIFA Keeper
Cmon Scotland!
Scotland no foot ball
SUPER👍👍👍
Strong play
Slovakia goalkeeper is hero ❤🔝
MOTM  GRIFFITHS BY A MILE
Scotland won the crossbar challenge!!!
As an Englishman I can safely say I'll be enjoying Scotland more than England in Russia next year.
Well done the pink highlighters.
answer me this, was that bad or was that crap
Scotland need a miracle to get anywhere in the world cup but win or loose the atmosphere the fans provide is always amazing. Tartan army ftw
Great football from scotland passion and heart. Respect from england. Now join us in russia u deserve too.
Ma maws got baws and ma da wears a bra
Best fans in the world so much passion from Scotland the English have nothing like this so sad !!😎😛
That goalkeeper is world class
Holland guy here. We miss that passion and willing to win!
Scotland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why are Scotland playing in pink?
Can we do it!? Should never have let England off the hook.
That commentator is atrocious.
strange how it was only weiss that got booed for slovakia
I wish I had watched the Scotland game instead of England but I had to show loyalty !!    Anyway, brilliant exciting stuff from Scotland. Well done to the ref for spotting that deliberate dive but you missed the penalty for Scotland.  As regards the own goal by Skrtel, that was great, couldn't happen to a nicer bloke
the noise from the crowd was fantastic
Matty Philips from Aylesbury 👊🏽.
Chris Martin changed the game.
Great performance on both sides
I'm a Rangers fan(also Scotland fan obvs) but griffiths has a wand of a foot, his free kicks are insane. When he banged those 2 against Joe Hart me and my cousin went ballistic, but sadly in typical Scottish style we bottled it and only came out with a point 😂
You have to play Slovenia in Slovenia and win because Slovakia will beat Malta. That will be very difficult Slovenia are a solid team. Even if you win there is a good likelihood you'll be lowest second best team and not qualify for the playoffs. In any case whatever happens credit to Strachan for turning a terrible team into contenders.
check out my youtube channel i made a diss track on rice gum!
Wrong Title..there are never any highlights when Scotland or England attempt to play football
Future Legends in Soccer \nhttps://youtu.be/5APqg1m0Z1Y\n⚽🔥⚽⚡⚽🔥⚽⚡⚽🔥
Brothers Slovaks dont give up. U have good team and escellent goalkeeper. I hope u will go to World Cup to Russia. Greetings from Poland,
Congratulations from Serbia
Bravo Scotland. What a heart to fight you have. Love from Poland.
Great refereeing to send that guy off for cheating
Their goalkeeper was brilliant. Wish I could say the same about ours....
Weak Scotish playerz had a lot of luck. Absolutely meaningless red card for Mak and Skrtel s own goal.
Future Legends in Soccer \nhttps://youtu.be/5APqg1m0Z1Y\n⚽🌈⚽🌈⚽🌈⚽🌈⚽🌈
We STILL won't make it. Be realistic.
off the 2 lousy teams, less lousy won
11 v 11 Slovakia would have won that match
Anyone know why Scotland are playing in pink, not their dark blue ?
Dont bottle it now against slovenia.
no tartan army in moscow :). If you meet Italy good luck to your boys they will sliced you into pieces
Brasil Vs Bolivia  Resume Match     https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=64ZAoeOxvhw
follow me on stuff in the description rawr XD lololol edgy
are you saying cats are big matchbox twenty fans? its three am i must be lonely...doesnt seem like a big cat draw...i never see any at concerts but...maybe they buy the cd instead?
If you play with your cat daily then they won't have excess energy and do this :D
Confirmed! This is what cats do
I’m so completely finished 😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭
Here is spam. Since this is such a serious video XD check us out help us grow! Hit that sub button! https://youtu.be/nAPU-Rn37ew
My fucking cat always pulls this shit..especially when I'm high and trying stay low-key.
yes this so my cat😻lmao
OMFG I'm dead this is so true but lmao if you go to 0:23 you can see his actual cat in the background
I don’t get it
This is stereotypical and offensive against all cats
I love how his cat at 0:23 is just watching him.
Should of have some shittyflute in the background
FREE! Nice gift for kids! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0761X8HN9
Do you have a fucking mental disorder
Its cause they can see some thing and chase it
What did I just watch 😂
He is not fucking wrong
I legit thought this was only my cat , I’m glad I’m not alone and my cats not that’s crazy
at 3 my cat starts that meow that sounds like EARLL
gus is on the comeup on youtube comedy, glad we're all here. <3 laugh & love peeps
If You're An Upcoming Artist Check Out My page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
My car does this in his basement bathroom
Was before it went viral
All right. That scream got me good 😂
Now make that 6 cats and bam my house
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Based on love alone. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Then on the third day rose Him  from the dead.*\n*Now, though Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you, if you ask Him.*
This bullshit video is trending and not iDubbz' content cop wich made 10 million views in one day, amazing...
This video has been keeping me alive the past three days
My 3 cats are way worse!
When I searched up Autism,this comes up? Never knew.
Lol this is so funny and tru. Good job XD
who the hell calls their cat Richard
You forgot the part when they are sitting on the White carpet and vomit really loudly
So true😐,it's happening right now😓
Cats used to be cool smdh
I knew what this video would be. I watched. And I still LOLed.
damn it might be 3am but you be 8th on trending
The Devil's hour, huh? At least you have Jesus in your bathroom. ;)
My cats usually hungry at 3 AM
Multiply x 3 and VOILA..you say to yourself...Awww..sleep is overrated..might as well get up!!!\nLol..purrfect rendition.!
Why is this on trending?
My cats spend 18/24 hours outside so when they sleep inside they are quiet
The scream is too accurate XD
But how could it be every cat if the other cat isn't doing it?
Who was here at 666k views XD
My cats been missing for 2 months... and I wish my cat would come back and do that...
www.fixmetea.com  The best natural detox tea for weight loss. Highly recommended!! Try it!
That was Ameowzing, get it?
Amazing. Just a work of art👏👏👏
Weird just having Jesus Christ stare over you when you take a shit.
That scream at the end
this is the first video I’ve seen on your channel and i can safely say that this is the quality content I’ve been looking for\nhttps://www.amazon.com/Rising-Squishies-Cartoon-Steamed-Stress/dp/B075F5X155/ref=sr_1_26?ie=UTF8&qid=1505821539&sr=8-26&keywords=Jumbo+Slow+Rising+Squishies+Toys
My cats punches my head at 3am just to get food
I literally started crying at the end
My Cat does this every night
31 seconds of my life wasted
I can relate to my cat doing this on a SPIRITUAL level.
This is my sister on her period! 😝
HOLY COW! A 30 second video got on treading... you... you beat it... THE ALMIGHTY YOUTUBE ALGORITHM IS DEAD! Rejoice!
I'M WHEEZING
*flops onto couch* AAAAAA--
*MY CAT*
Fucking shit is 3:05 right now
no comment
Aaaa
Lol had me laughing..so true 😂😂
lol
HELEN!
OMG YESSSS😂🐱👏
They're  so funny!!!
Perfect 😂😂😂
every single god damn morning
Yep
this is hilarious!
Yay Gus is getting famous!
0:29 haha lmao that scream had me😂😂
Yep.
Wtf did I just watch? Lol
So freaking true 😀😭😂😂😂
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0Bt5Vyy5l-WxsKMEJO0xUQ/featured?view_as=subscriber
Why
Haha...yep
Cat O'clock
That's me
Hahaha, oh man. Accurate
friggin worthless animals... unless you want schizophrenia.
666k views :0
A LEGEND
Brah did has 666k views
It is true. Lmao
Why is this on trending wtf
И это блять в тренде ?
lolololololol
Mhm.
Oh boi 3 am!!¡ *Eats McDonald's burger*
0:29
So accurate
Normie
IT HAS 666K VIES
A guy driving down the street hysterically laughing in a car filled with water. His neighbours must be used to that.
Bowling ball gun maybe :/
His laugh is psychotic
Niceee
Cheer up Furze.
My youtube channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoPjrXcg0U3YsHGyOljBFKQ?view_as=subscriber
If junkrat was British...
they should drift
우왕 굿ㅋ
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
5:40 SpongeBob and Patrick ?)))
Epic
Man child goals here
Dude
Ебанутый пиздец уебок
A caahr full of wuuother
Pointless
Did u fart?
@8:15 no end card.
i want a rope lancher
Evil laugh
Could you imagine the look on the cops face if he ever gets pulled over in this?
I'm cringing over here in California:(
A lot of cars especially from the eighties had a mechanical vacum pump driven off the motor and used to relieve blow by.
I hated you for ruining the e30 until you explained it at the end so thank you!😂
what kind of kid buys youtube red?  while were on that thought, who actually buys youtube red?
This chap is absolutly mad and I love it! :D\nXD
How much is the tuk tuk going for USD
Is the steerin wheew goin to ge damp. 😂 Love that kid.
Add windows and a roof then you can scuba dive with an oxygen mask
How are the brakes with all that extra weight?
Its a Car Pool
Take it to a drive through!
the youtube red series is for kids yes, because kids have shitloads of money to dish out to watch you sell out
Take it to a roadworthy
1:02 is colin having an affair? :o
this is why spongebob can't get his drivers license
Where is he going thoe?
I want to see them get pulled over just the see the expression on the cops face lol
Your like fucking rich from YouTube buy a better car ahaha
I stop watching as soon as he laugh like a retard smh. Wat was so funny?
...what is your son like...
It's a reverse boat!
Should put a roof on it
I thought the filled the car with water, not laughing gas
if this is like riding a boat.then you need a new boat
How many gallons to the mile do you fill up.
Why do all British people have crooked teeth? Like dentist don't exist over there or what?
I saw the youtube red thing in my recommended and its badass you're doing a kids show, good on you man!    Kids now days need some funny crazy engineers as role models and you fit it perfectly!
Some one stop this man
This gave me an idea, next time it gets very hot..fill up your car with water...and you will feel super cool...best tip for a hot day.
this video makes californians cry
Lol, water comes out of the AC
How do you watch the YouTube red
3:40: the first time I saw him without a tie. 😂 \n\n\nWhere's the grass and the barbecue?
All that water could’ve fed the whole of Africa
Hope your gona keep doing stuff like this, that YouTube red pay to watch stuff 😒 taking away from the fun and colinfurze esk type thing really enjoy your videos and would hate to see them going to americanised dross, not to mention you can't get it in the uk
I thought us Americans were the craziest until I saw this guy. I, too, am crazy like this guy.
Yes this people is what being British is like
Here is a crazy idea. Fill it with non-Newtonian fluid.
Huge respect people don't show the working most of the time
İ will say one think \nİ think u can do a bat hub house\nYoou can swim in house its really good u can do this
Did the wee kid say is the steering wheel gonna get dank
I hope you're not on a water meter 😂
I would worry about electrocution.
Make a jetpack plz
есть русские ? )
LOL !!!
Dope
Put orbeze in there
seat belts guys! seat belts
That laugh!
meanwhile in Africa...
Sheer retardness pleasure
Does anyone remember this on the short lived Cartoon Network show “Dude, what would happen?”
How crazy it is
Can you the worlds fastest wheel chair
No entendí una mierda pero guay xd
Colin, loved this BTS video. I really enjoy seeing the process and failures it takes to make a project get to a final stage. As for the new series, I watched that first episode and really quite enjoyed it had no idea the target audience was kids. Keep up the great work!!
You have to go to the Drive by at McDonald's
I love Colin’s laugh
What's the random blur at 2:15
You sir, are a genius.  Possibly an evil genius, but a genius nonetheless..;-)
You water bill is through of the roof
Imagine getting pulled over in that and having to get out of the car with the police officer watching all the water just flow out lmao.
How is the bunker getting on?
Where do you get his book?
Top Gear wants their bit back. How long before you took a wee in the car?
What was the maximum temperature of the water and how long did it take for the engine to heat up the water?
Hey Colin! I have a question about your welding I sometimes see you welding Aluminium. Can you make a Tutorial? Would be helpfull because i want to build a driftbike and i used my old youthbike becaus i dont have enought pocketmoney to buy a bike out of steel only to cut it in half. also i dont have a trashyard here in hamburg (germany)
Now, lets turn a boat into a car - must fish from it when done.
7:10 seems to me like it just ran low on blinker fluid for too long
Hey mate here's a sub you deserve it man.
I also like cars, because I'm distributing car videos, please subscribe to the channel! I would like to know more about Japanese cars!
What I find most remearkable is that he managed to make the doors watertight without welding them shut
Neighbor wife: honey?\nNeighbor husband: yes dear\nNeighbor wife: I think our neighbor is gonna go shoot up a country concert...\nNeighbor husband: well why do you say that???\nNeighbor wife: take a look out the window 2:12
Who the hell would dislike this video?
Sub me pls
Stupid
Ur turning into a fuckin joke like grant thompson... do actual science shit like cody u loser
The 118 people who disliked this video are cunts
Ending it with a puber video of puerto rico is too perfect. This must have been thought out all at once. Wven the numbers synched up perfectly. They knew the end game from the begining.
Lin Manuel us a genius; creative, insightful, talented, charismatic, etc. Trump supporters must hate him.
thank you so much for the support for my people in the Island PUERTO RICO!!! THANK YOU STEPHEN AND NICK THATS SO AWSOME!!
I want to apologize to the beautiful people in Puerto Rico for throwing paper towels. Ive been a bad Hombre.
How about a photo of Donald Trump?
Lin’s video was basically the plot of in the heights
Wow Lin looks like he regretted that
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ said only believe, that He is the Son of God.*\n*He will give you the free gift of eternal life*\n*He will also heal your body!*
HOW WAS JOHN OLIVERS PHOTO NOT SHOWN ONCE?!?!
Director Ron Howard wanted to participate but couldn't find any pics of himself as a child or teenager.
That's a lot of couch change
Who knew ice cream paid so well? or is this maybe more of a direct donation than that? in any case, awesome, and good on CBS for stepping up, too!
This is so great
Stephen is helping more than Trump❤️
LOVE YOU STEPHEN AND LOVE MY ISLAND!!
Lin Manuel actually thinks he's going to be a famous actor or rapper lol he made a huge mistake by leaving Hamilton
that is awesome. the things a unified people can do! God bless America!!!
Lin Manuel is so good looking??
I CAME AS SOON AS I HEARD
Why is this not trending?
Lin Manuel Always looks like a 13 year old
That was painful to watch. Love you Lin 😙😙
Lin just walking in like a lost tourist
Perfect he had a puberme video of Puerto Rico!
Kroll said he would match it himself....liar
Wow, half of that won't ever land in Puerto Rico, guaranteed you MF's! Go there, do something real .... You couldn'd care less about N Orleans; Houston; the massive populated state of Florida... BTW, too many ppl in crazy Florida, get the F out - I guess they like natural disasters; just as long as the Everglades are safe (never more) I guess..
This is what happens when you say Puerto Rico that many times...Lin Manuel Miranda manifests!
Such uplifting news we so desperately needed this week. <3
5:10 666,000 ? wake up sheeple, don't you realize it yet? The 666? The eye? smh.\n6:40 999,000 ? 999? That's just an inverted 666. what's next?\n\n\n\n\ncan't believe not many people made this comment yet, knowing the internet.
I saw it on t.v. I HAD to check it out
I was getting really impatient when I didn't see Lin at first *but it was worth it*
i still do not understand this great job thing. i know it has to do with a podcast, but for him to do it everywhere? is he just a really huge fan of the show and it is a shoutout? i mean, how does a visual even come from a podcast??
THE GREAT JOBS ARE FLYIN!! HES A MADMAN!! 👋🏼👋🏼
$666000 huh classic illuminati can't help themselves
I'm glad Lin didn't throw away his shot
More than the billionaire gave to them
This is so great.
Steven: thank you so much!!!!!! ☝❤👍💞
Now I can't stop see Lin-Manuel's big nose.
Think I have something in my eye, excuse me....
Lin is so beautiful. This was an incredible campaign. Amazing job Colbert and Co.
You guys are amazing this show is the shit so thankful that there are people of all ethnicities working together to actually help Americans. This act alone tops anything our sorry excuse of a president has done and will probably ever do
I CAME AS SOON AS I HEARD
My face is struggling to catch up with my nose. LMAO
Oh yeah, the All Seeing Eye pops up and then it becomes 666`000 dollars, that`s great!!! Thanks to all the illuminatis!!!
Lin: *Appears*Me: You're doing amazing sweetie.
This is like the end of Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone when Dumbledore just added points untill Gryffindor won
Stephen Colbert deserves the Nobel Peace Prize
Been waiting for  him to come out in the public eye again hahaha
the Almost Like Praying video is awesome!
Lin-Manuel Miranda made a song to help Puerto Rico and put a West Side Story reference in the title because it's a musical whose main conflict is the heroine being from Puerto Rico I love this man
i thought that was david blane for a sec
Why doesn't cbs match the double donation?
To be honest Lin is STILL awkward, but that's why he's so amazing
Casey Neistat raised more than this \nso, sure celebrities
Good on them for helping. on the other hand 1000 celebrities who together probably make billions per year and only 1 million raised? seems really low. Sandra bullock alone gave Texas a million...
This was a rollercoaster from start to finish
✋✋ four great jobs lin you animal!!!!!!!!
Well the summary section sure does ruin this whole video...
HE DID THE “GREAT JOB” THING!!!\n#mbmbam
this is amazing, thank you everyone that is donating and praying for my island of Puerto Rico, God bless you all and Stephen Colbert!
I love this guy when he was on House. When Greg House went to the crazy house. And he was a rapper too. :)
I am happy that they raised a million bucks, but the choreographed surprised generosities, not so much.  Fakery takes the fun out of it.
GREAT JOB^1000000
bloody awesome
Bless Lin Manuel Miranda
Great job 👏👏
GREAT JOB 👋👋👋
https://www.palestineposterproject.org/sites/default/files/styles/medium/public/horrors44_pppa.jpg?itok=rGOF1Kgx
Puerto Rico, my hearts devotion....
Almost like praying is amazing :D
Ending song name pls??
fuck i love lin
This is so heartwarming~
That eye. 333 999 666
Is he wearing lipstick?
discovery slowly pond cause warm realistic quiet.
448 holly shit! Sauron!
No captions!?
4:42 Illuminati confirmed
I found Trump's puberty photo: http://unisci24.com/315947-richie-rich.html
tht was so embarrassing !lol
Young Stephen is adorable 😂
Thank you! 🇵🇷 ❤️
Good on CBS
I love lin manuel miranda.
Chick-Fil-A donated $1,000.00 at 5:08.  Thanks, Chick-Fil-A.
Gracias! Thank you Mr. Colbert and every celebrity that donated. This is amazing.  God bless you all . #Puertoricoselevanta
why does ben look the same lmfao
Why did he skip someone, again? If you know why, and who it was, let me know.
Stephen you're such an awesome caring person. Unlike the greedy, racist, narcissistic  wannabe president we unfortunately have.
Trump, his base and the Republicans won't help Puerto Rico. So all Americans have to and will.
Well done Stephen!
myfavemyfavemyfavemyfave
Someone should put this video in the Trump MAGA Facebook account.  It will blow their racist minds!!!!
I love that at present, we know exactly how many deprived cuckolds watched this wonderful clip: 96 👎👀🙊
My island thanks you <3
UN-PHUUUUUCKING BELIEVABLE...! HIP, HIP, HOORAY for Stephen Colbert!
This Moron said Trump was going straight to hell? Does this moron Miranda even understand the amount of aid the Trump administration has given to Puerto Rico? Is it Trump's fault that PR has no trucks to move the food around? If Obama pissed on the Puerto rican flag on TV this cocksucker would praise him. What an asshole.
Omg the background is stunning
15 ON TRENDING??!!
You're 15 on trending congrats 🤗
#15 on trending 🙌🏻
#15 on trending❤️!!!
i love your lipstick💕
You are on trending soph ❤❤❤
12 on trending whooo go Soph 👏🍁👏🍁👏
Sala bokse
Make up looks amazing! 💕💕
Your personality rocks!
What lipstick are you wearing??😍😍
Ouuuuu girl both your recent videos are trending, proud subscriber❤️❤️
Trendingggg ❤️
#32 on trending! 😄
Trending!!!
Omg your boots are amazing
Those outfits are gorgeous
Loooved this video!😍
OMG YOU'RE 34 ON TRENDING WOOOO
Yasss queen soph made trending again❣️
those pinstriped cigarette pants would look soooo cute with the black bandeau with the shoulder ties!!!
It’s trending yay
Your trending!❤️❤️❤️❤️
Trending!  Trending! Trending!
Zoella background vibes 😍😍
Love this!!💓🎃
Those boots are gorgeous
Wow #35ontrending wow
#35 on trending yayyyy I’m so proud !!!
Trending!!!! \nLove u Sophie💓
Those boots 😍😍
Babe ur trending!!!!!!!😘😘
Soph Hauls = Happy Charlotte!
😍😍
That lipstick is gorgeous
You just keep trending, babes
41 on trending 💗💗
14 on trending !!! Xx
ily💕💕
When she said she might be doing a Halloween look with those gorgeous trousers I think I know what it will be - is it Jack form the nightmare before Christmas ??
I'm 47. May I take a shot every time you say autumn (btw in Boston, we are also taught autumn and that fall is colloquial)? But I live in Belgium now. Maybe I should eat a praline every time you say autumn! That is one everyone can do!
i love what you did on your background good job <3
This top is awesome😍 Where did you get that from?🙆🏽♥️
Sophhhh❤❤your sense of style is unreall😍😍
Love the new background! I'm so excited for autumn and Christmas 😍😘❤️❤️
Are you going as Jack Skellington for haloween?? 😲😉😍❤️❤️
Can u pleeeeease let us know when your palette is in Ulta online or stores?
Pls do a comparison swacth & review video between on makeup revolution skin kiss (ice kiss) & jeffrri star skin frost (ice cold) highlitners...which is better.....pls pls pls
#14 on trending sophhhhh!!!!!! Well done, also that lipstick looks bomb on you😍😍❤️
Girls make up keeps getting thicker as they get more and more insecure with their true selfs hahahha. Fucking embarrassing
Ive just bought your eye pallette and i 💚💚💚love💚💚💚 it 😍😘
She isn't saying anything that isn't about autumn 😂
ok first i love the background and i love fall so when i watch your videos they just make me feel so happy! and second i love love love that lipstick! how would you rate that makeup revolution lip kit ?
Hey Soph! So I live in New Zealand, and as a fan of yours I was super interested in purchasing both palettes as they look absolutely incredible and so versatile! Is there anywhere else I can purchase your palettes other than tambeauty? Unfortunately the shipping is 20 pounds (more than both of the palettes combined) :( I adore your videos and I would love to purchase both of your palettes if the shipping wasn't so expensive! Perks of living so far away, but congratulations on such a successful launch, you've done an amazing job :)
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ said only believe, that He is the Son of God.*\n*He will give you the free gift of eternal life*\n*He will also heal your body!*
I love the boots!!! It looks so cool and bigger than your head 😱. Is it heavy??
You look so much like Chloe Grace Montez. You’re both so beautiful!!
I'm living for the boots 😍
Everything in this haul is right up my street.. and those boots are bomb 👌🏻😍😍
In Australia its spring it's really hot
I'm leaving for the 🇬🇧 on the 18 th. Hoping to find your palettes 🎨. Can't wait.
You knw the first cushion is it zipped???
Do a tutorial on your eye look in this video please!😍
You do realise in the thumbnail it looks like you barely have a left eyeball
I want your eyeshadow pallet but I can't get it
BEST time of year, love love love autumn/winter clothes!! But this haul is too good so now I need a shopping spree!!!! Xxx
I think all the outfits are adorable I really love the boots I want to be able to walk in them but I love them and I love the first outfit you showed Wicked cute
wheres the flat chest squad at🙋🏼💁🏼
Ok I know your channel is about makeup mainly but can you do a look book pleaseeeeeee
How did you get a student discount? Didn't know you were a student x
Your makeup is Gorgeous also love the botts
What do you study?
Autumn is my favourite season ❤️🍂 Love you Soph!
Ahhh hauls are my fave thing at the moment ! ❤️
i am living for those boots oml yas you go girl
on trending again!!! you never fail to post an amazing video 😊 love you so muchhhhhh 💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
Please do more looks with your palette so I can recreate them :)
Yeah what is that lip color?
Where’s your jumper ur wearing from?  Xxx
in love with those boots 😍😍😍
Yas finally one person that is not influencer in Spain has 21 buttons!!
This lipkit doesn't appear to be available on superdrug😭😭
You here the name soph and you instantly think autumn 😂💗
I love those boots they are perfect 😍 i even started to cry idk why😅
Omg i love the yellow cushion! Does anyone know where its from?😍
I love autumn and the fact you share the same love just fullfills my life 😍😍😍❤❤❤
Where is she from? Xx p.s love the hauls x
what eye shadow palette did you use
Hey Soph! I know your wearing pine tree 😍 on your eyelids! I LOVE creating this look daily! You are stunning girly! You should do a video of different looks with your eyeshadow palette ❤ love you xxxxx
What lipstick is Soph wearing? It's amazing 😍😗
Love your shirt and makeup
I'm obsessed with your background! 😍
I've never understood why people assume Americans never use the word Autumn and don't know what it means... we use Autumn and Fall interchangeably. I can confirm we definitely say Autumn and we definitely know what it means.
the perfect way to unwind on a friday is to watch ur fave talk about things they've bought in front of a (fabulous) autumnal background
You should do a collab with Jordan Lipscombe
So glad you share my love of autumn soph ! 😂💕 just wondering where your jumper is from ?? ☺️☺️😘
I love October
Is nightmare before Christmas a Halloween movie or a Christmas movie
This may be a stupid question, but does anyone know how to hang the fairy lights like that? X
So I'm actually being controlled by bacteria. Nice 🙃
Virtual existence FTW. No bacteria. No need for food or sleep. Just the most efficient utilization of energy.
1 Weird Trick Forces Your Body To Quickly Treat Candida Overgrowth\n& Enjoy Freedom From Yeast InfectionsIn As Little As 12 Hours - Guaranteed!\nhttp://bit.ly/2nxXioQ
As non native english speaker i was sure that ''gut'' is place inside mouth xD
The animations looks so fucking cute.. compared to the real thing
i've been thinking of this for a while: the roles that microbes contribute improving your genes and physical traits - nice one krugtestat
Well after this i'm sure i'll start eating a lot of healthy food. It's true im a combined eater but healty people can live in peace ^-^
I am a potato and this is absolutely fascinating.
Never would I've learned this in school. Thanks for the knowledge! 😃💯
What about video dealing with opioid usage? \nThat would be helpful to those drug abundant countries like UK&Ca also some europian countries and Some decriminalized US states
This is my favorite youtube channel
I've seen a fecal transplant being preformed on a cdiff patient.  Mind you this was a chronic cdiff sufferer that made frequent trips to the hospital.
I guess you are what you eat\n;)
I love this channel
Sometimes when i feel sad i think about the billions of bacterias in my body that are alive because i am. It makes me smile
Cool so I'm filled with a bunch of macaroni. Neat
Where can I apply for translating your videos? I often make subtitles for my friends and I'd be very happy to make them public. (Hungarian)
I should eat more ass from models then.
God I remember when this channel had less 500k subs, you deserve every bit of fame you get, your content is amazing.
I feel really bad for the gut microbe that got smushed by the immune system's weight.
Can't you do new video every da... I mean every week?
We’re actually not perfectly sterile in the womb. There are bacteria that’s been found in the placenta, amniotic fluid, and the fetus’ intestines.
I was promised a size of things video *KURZGESASGT*
That does explain how humans get a gut feeling that something's going to go wrong.
Wait.\n\nWho was like:\n\n “oh man I’ve got diarrhea time to shove some non diarrhea shit up my ass. That’ll cure it.”
lets just start transferring our poop to one another and become healthy as fuck
Technically, we are never alone.
So if i eat healthy food for a long time, i won't crave fast food anymore?
So you can't really say you've been lonely and have no one to talk to huh....
Didn’t know bacteria was so cute
5:59 Autism is not a disease. I'm surprised a channel this much devoted to science got that wrong. Now I'm wondering what other things are wrong here that I should have questioned more previously.
Im not one being then, Im a thousand
How have I managed to eat so much sugar and still get away with being so thin you can see my heart beating?
We die we turn to dust
I want to be one with my microbes :)
All the comments are about getting a fecal transplant or the jokes around that.... You could just eat healthy and feed a good microbiome by just eating beans, greens , etc...
Me after watching this: I'm never eating fast food again.\nMe 10 hours later: Yeah I want fast food for dinner.
I bet there’s no microbes in my butt, they gotta be real nasty to do that
all of u is creep
Nanotechnology will take the place of some microbes in the future and we will be able to unlock more of the human body!
A lot of the microbes look like macaroni and other noodles lol 😂
Looking for healthy man to transplant poop with
now it makes sense how rich people are more smarter and bautiful...dont mind my speeling..im poor
I need the poop of a hot bodybuilder
Can you list your sources in the description
Even if u lonely but think again. You not alone.
Can you do a video about cancer
My mom had a C-Section last Friday......... 😮
so if you shove a healthy person's shit up your ass it can cure depression and obesity? (not saying it's a mental disorder you need to fucking exercise)
I don't even remember this series.
Hopefully there's another method than that transfer.
Now where to find a fit guys feces..
So is that why after antibiotics, I'm not as hungry as usual for the following weeks?
If people are interested read 'I contain Multitudes', by Ed Yong. Super interesting read.
Is this why gay people are more susceptible to HIV?
So if I secretly jizz in my wife's mouth while she sleeps, she'll eventually crave my dick? :)
Pardon me, but autism isn't a disease. It's a developmental disablity, and nothing is inherently wrong with it. It just causes people to operate on a different system- it's a disability because society is geared towards helping out and supporting neurological people and not so much autistic people. Many autistic people learn coping mechanisms to deal with this- someone who is nonverbal might pick up sign language or someone who stims in a destructive way might learn to use some more healthy ones. But it isn't a disease, and you'd do well to remember that. I know you probably didn't mean to be insensitive, but I'm just letting you know.
I love this channel's content. \n\nShoutout for the animators, they do an amazing job too. The animations are great for us visual learners, and fun too!
i am going to get rid of my gut bacteria by punching myself. in the gut. over and over
The best way to have the healthiest microbiome is to cut out  Eggs milk and Meats, and feed yourself whole food plants. \nYou shouldnt train your gut bacteria to eat chicken periods ,dead carcasses and, another species milk, thats not natural. \nEating plants only and lots of fiber is the best.
6:16 : that's definitly a Dr Slump / Toriyama inspired poop, don't lie kurzgkfjljetagt.\n\n+ great video and theme, you never deceive !
Well done Kurzgesagt! Another excellent video. I am personally very much craving a new space video for one of your next ones... Any chance you can do one on space colonization or human space exploration? That would be grand.
the illustrations are just beautiful
this was kinda cool but like... Autism is not a disease!
Could you comment on the study references? This is amazing!
it all goes down to the pooper
this video needs, like, an Emmy or grammy or something I don't know
Osmosis Jones was right all along
This animation style is so cute!
Now I want to feed the little city in my stomach
from pilot , now my dream is being a doctor after watch this
This video is complete BS.
How do microbes send signals to our brains?
But what if you overeat healthy food?
Where have your iconic birds gone?
Poops, sorry !
Thts why people call it gut feeling 😆😆
i want McDonalds
699 dislikes on the vid. Seems legit.
2:40 top 10 anime deaths
Ewwww...
In my beer!!
Give me conor mcgregors poop
6:20 Mind blown! O.O
Haha. Fat piece of shit....literally!
fuck yeah microbiome
in a nutshell  is trending #15 hallelujah  :)
MOAR LYSOL
6:21 // _hi stranger_
The bacteria in my guts crave Kurzgesagt videos.
Yeaah GUT Science B**ch!
6:18 dont you guys have Yakult?
Not us and microbes
Nanomachines...this will fix EVERYTHING.
6:23 wtf
BRILLANT!!!
Great video. Very thought provoking.
ASS TO ASS
You really do reap what you sow 😳
IM SORRY \n....POOP\n...TRANSPLANTS
Even a software update can't save Teresa.
He is not a prankster it's called the comedian
I just want to see how many people hate her and want her out. If it’s labour or green or even Lib Dem hit like to get her out. She isn’t for the people, she isn’t for the poor or middle class, she doesn’t care about anyone other than companies giving her money. HIT LIKE IF YOU WANT HER OUT WE NEED HER OUT!!
Just to clear who he was. He was lee nelson. Not his real name but now u kno who i mean
She doesn't have any respect to people
Why does this crone always blabber on about corbyn, are there any solid beneficial ideas to be implemented for the people or is it just this childish pissing match. It's always some inept moron at the head of a witless cabinet plunging us into one disaster after another, no real progress is made from politics.
Lee nelson always up to something he’s the one who threw money over Seb platter funny guy
Ah yes the old British sense of humour, I hear it's a dying breed. This was so polite and casual absolutely hilarious, well done  chap👌
You can hear Brexit in the background
What an old Hag can’t  wait till she leaves
I'm confused what's a p45 and wtf is this vid on about
*Got no clap*\n*Cough cough* you may not have heard me...\n*Forced clap*
what that the the guy from Lee Nelson's well good show
It's a shame that comedian, doesn't have anything intelligent or useful to add. But instead resorts to the easy millennial route of just trying to make a name for yourself with cheap social media stunts.
Plot twist.....it was a real P45
ISIS claimed responsibility for the p45
Looks like grant from college humour!
His name is Simon Brodkin, he’s pranked things like Britain’s Got Talent and even Trump! \n\nHonestly such a funny guy.
He deserves to face a firing squad.
She's like a broken record. Plus you have all those seals clapping at anything that comes out her mouth.
*build a country that works for rich people
I thought she tried to give Jeremy Corbyn a P45 and that's the reason her party wants to give a P45 to her.
Is it me or he looks WAY TO MUCH LIKE MATTSHEA O
Lee nelson lol what a guy
A great insight into how choreographed these conference speeches are - note that after she said We've spent too much time talking about Jeremy Corbyn's past the audience was supposed to applaud but missed the cue because everyone was distracted by the intruder, so she said you probably didn't hear it and read the line again - this time they get it right.
Another classic stunt by lee nelson cant wait to how he prepared for this 1 🤣😂🤣😂
Looks like Stephen Hawking in his prime
Okay im 14, no idea whats going on. Can someone care to explain?
This, and other trivial things, seems to be so much more important than what the PM had to say.  NOT!
where's the secret service when you need them. Double tap to the head is all it takes
Honestly cheers to that guy
We've spent too much time talking about Jeremy Corbyn ['s past] *proceeds to talk about Jeremy Corbyn further.
Is it Lee Nelson?
Joke politicians for an even bigger joke of a nation. Merkal herself probably could run that place better than your so called Parliament.
Was that Lee Nelson again?
No copyright music for your channel, enjoy))
Admit it, all of you thought in the title it said Ps5.....
And  you my dear have just been served
It’s lee nelson man you blind
Does anyone know who the prankster is, I do I just forgot his name :/
that was such a dead prank
I feel sorry for may whoever we have as prime minister is still going to be ruled by America
The guards probably let him get close in hopes that he would hopefully assassinate her lmao😂
Lol what a bunch of scrubs if that was white house that nerd woulda lost his teeth 10 feet in lol
OH MY GOD ALL SHE TALKS ABOUT IS JEREMY CORBIN. WHAT KIND OF POLITICS IS THIS??? SO RUBBISH
If she said something like you’re a btech sacha baron cohen his career could have been ended but she wasn’t on the ball.
Well done Simon Brodkin aka Lee Nelson the brilliant comedian does it again superb 👏👏👏👏😂😂😂😂
All she needs now is the stab in the back and the show is over.
They should've been sus anyway\nTorry conferences are almost entirely older people
We all know Amber Rudd is smirking in the audience
I hate this woman
How about you shut up about Corbyn and get on with your job and talk about your policies and plans. Or is she just going to keep complaining like a child
Somebody give a knighthood to that man!!!!!!!!!
Saying Jeremy Corbyn should be given a P45 and when you struck a deal with a racist party to stay in power 😐
Who's ready for the UK Riots next year?
Am I the only one who recognises this dude as Lee Nelson?!
Love that theresa may would love her to touch my clit
If only they both had a bare knuckle fight, really wish corbyn gave her some👊🏻
Please take your P45 and leave Mrs May. You madam are a disaster waiting to happen and Corbin isn't any better.
I'm a American and I learned that a p45 is like a pink slip and I thought that if the corbyn guy isn't in office this lady can't give it to him.
Wow, real clever the way she flipped that joke around onto Corbyn amirite
Man should have a real job.
Omg Lee Nelson where have you been xD
Was that Lee Nelson?
That looks a lot like Simon Brodkin lad 😂
In 1 hour it went down to 3 in trending. :(
That's exactly how my boss gave me my P45.. shaking
I’m pretty sure that P45 was intended was that stuck up good for nothing “Boris Johnson” dumbass 😂😂😂
It's lee nelson (Simon brodkin or something like that)
He should've handed Theresa a Kitkat - She could do with a break :)
Foreign Poricy...
Simon brodkin?
ok
Lee Nelson qualityyy
What an idiot
Lol
Well in mate
Simon Brodkin i love you
Go on Simon brodkin
Thought we’d got rid of all the witches after maggie thatcher, but I guess not🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
yerno it would be a different story if it was a terrorist or criminal
Somone give that man a promotion and a raise!
Nobody realises this is Lee Nelson... Haha
Long live the tories
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!
Genius.
Lol '-)
That was hilarious.
Qualiteeeeeeeeeee\n-lee nelson
Ayyyyy Simon Brodkin ;)
Okay
Simon brodkin
She has nightmares about corbyn
OMG that's Lee Nelson.
Legend
I love a good prank! lol
The media was all for her and the conservatives now the are all for Corbin. Bunch of jokers the media
The guy who pranked her is a comedian who's had his own tv show few years back. He did the sketch Jason bent premiership footballer should check it out if not seen its hilarious.
There would be grave consequences for doing something like this in North Korea or China.
He just looks stupid...
This video shows the incredible skills of the pilots. Even after an unexpected wind gust after touchdown they managed to re-align with the runway. Incredible job by the pilots !!
Conventional air  trips  are not for humans. Humans are designed to walk on ground only. Other option are dangerous risc.
I feel sorry for the cabin cleaners, having to clean all that shit up from the seats
When the computer takes over. Harsh gust. That wing flex too.
LOL this is First on Trend
Bravo!! I'm crying...  bravo, thank you and God bless you!!!
The pilots landed that plane like a boss😎
What is he doing with the rudder after touchdown!?
My full respect to the pilot👍🏻
I am not a pilot. I am, however, a virtual pilot with some 10,000 hours on various kinds of heavy metal (both Airbus and Boeing). I am also a FAA Licensed Aircraft Dispatcher, so I am trained to the ATP level, except for, of course, the actual flying of the aircraft.  I have 6.5 years as a dispatcher on both turboprop and jet aircraft.\n\nThat sets my perspective. It would have helped here to know the exact wind conditions to know to what degree there was vertical or horizontal wind shear. I did not see significant pitch oscillations, so from what I can see absent a METAR, I can make an educated guess here and say that we are looking more at horizontal shear.\n\nI am going to work from the last part of the video, which shows the approach.  It clearly is accelerated, probably 2X, so it really shows the degree of rudder input. Looking at the approach, I didn't see very much roll into the wind, but I did see a lot of rudder input. Of course, this is exaggerated by the acceleration of the video but what is clearly evident is that there is a lot of rudder input on the approach.  I am not certain when I have seen so much yaw in the nose of the aircraft.  Ordinarily, I would see more roll with less rudder application. There is an expression, less than desirable approach, less than desirable landing.  In the approach, I see far more application of rudder than aileron to maintain alignment with the runway. \n\nWhen we get down to the runway, as in the first part of the video, the approach looks fairly stable. Crossing the threshold, the aircraft's right wing dips into the wind, but we see both left and right rudder applied. What also happens is the nose pitches up a couple of degrees and left rudder is being applied to maintain the track to the runway. At about 75 feet, I see an application of right rudder. At 50 feet, we see left rudder, right wing into the wind and the nose continuing to pitch up.  At 30 feet, I see a small application of right rudder, then a larger application of left rudder with wings level. Just before touchdown, the right wing is down, more left rudder is applied and things look pretty normal for a gusty crosswind landing. However, with crab and slip, if too much opposite rudder is used with the upwind wing down, the slip is greater and the result is what you see:  The right two main landing gear bogies slam into the runway immediately followed by the left inboard landing gear bogie.\n\nHere is where things went wrong.  The PF applied more left rudder. From what I could see, it would seem like the PF planted his foot into the left rudder (full rudder extension is observed).  At a landing speed of say 160kts, that is really going to snap the nose around hard. When combined with the rather significant impact of the right two main landing gear, it causes a bounce. The aircraft becomes airborne for about a half-second, wings level, full left rudder. The effect is the airplane rapidly yawing into the left rudder input, the upwind (right) wing lifts momentarily as the left main landing gear bogies touch first followed immediately by the right two landing gear bogies and weight on wheels causes auto-deployment of the spoilers. The airplane is badly nose left of center and to correct this, the PF applies full right rudder to attempt to center the aircraft. The problem with applying right rudder when the wind is blowing from the right (with such a huge tail), the wind catches the aircraft and carries it to the right of centerline. The PF applies full left rudder again to stop the slide and the airplane centers itself on the runway, still at a speed at which the wind wants to push the tail left, the left rudder input to null the slide and the airplanes begins to track the centerline as it slows down.\n\nThis all happens within the space of about three seconds. The problem with significant movements of flight control surfaces is it creates PIO (pilot induced oscillation).  This can happen when a pilot overcorrects using a control surface and the aircraft gets a bit loose.  As you can see, the airplane absorbed the shock, by the time the reversers were fully deployed the aircraft was more or less on the centerline and the rollout was normal.  \n\nHere is the point. This tends to happen with new pilots landing in crappy conditions.  It isn't unsafe; it's a bit unpleasant, especially if you are in the tail as it whipsaws back and forth.  The airplane is designed to absorb a high sink rate touchdown and while it looks like the aircraft is out of control, it is actually not. The worst thing that happened, I suspect, was the after landing debriefing, in which the PF (if the First Officer) would have received a rather unpleasant lecture. If the Captain is on IOE (initial operating experience) and a Check Captain is in the right seat, then the Captain will get the lecture and maybe more simulator time.\n\nThe entire reason for this post is to demonstrate the degree of skill required to land an airplane like the A380.  It is a beast and because it has such a large tail, it tends to weathervane a bit which requires a different application of the flight surfaces than on a 777, where the fuselage is longer, but the tail surface is not as large.  It is not easy to land in these conditions and while the landing certainly didn't get any style points, no tires were blown, which means that the landing itself was within acceptable limits. Pilots train for these conditions and sometimes, the conditions get away from them. It's how they recover that matters and as painful as this was to watch, the only one who got hurt was the PF, whose pride took a walloping from the Captain or the Check Airman. \n\nMy compliments to Cargospotter for catching this one.  A good reminder of why pilots are trained so well..and so often.
I bet a jackhammer wouldn't even get a needle up those Pilots asses after that
Hope that they did a good structural inspection after that abortion of a landing...
No the pilot didnt make a joke😂😂
very unprofessional landing. a pilot made a mistake from the first touchdown by tilting the plane to the right.
I'd be shutting and praying to death xD
Well done! A safe landing is a good landing
I bet a qantas A380 has never been handled rough like this. Again, poor skill by emirates pilots. Wasn't long ago when they knocked down the runway lights at the end of MEL after entering incorrect TO weight. Bloody thing nearly didn't get off the ground.
On touch down, whole landing weight was on left side of landing gear and it took the whole weight without any problem!! great..
the plane has no windows. so it is a cargo flieht.
I am wondering if there is an inboard video with the cries of the passengers available.....but really a great accomplishment by the pilots.
When a pilot is too confident on what he can do... Is not a good pilot anymore.
Looks like the pilots wanted to do a little drifting in an A380....lol
Someone should overlay teriyaki boyz - Tokyo drift on this video 😂
Incredible Job Martin! Well done, Good work! :-)
Emirates A380s have forward-facing cameras in the nose and tail. You can see everything the pilot sees. You also can see the MAD skills these a380 pilots have. #Respect
He is the best, when i got a plane model it exploded
wow, i already experienced that from inside a little aircraft, i remember mostly felt the double hit, one then the second more harder in the ground more than the  drift  effect ( and in small planes every sensations are over multiplied )
wasnt that hard to land
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ is the only way to God*\n*He died and rose from the dead*\n*He promises you eternal life*\n*He will also heal your body!*
Sorry but this pilot sucked on this landing. Way to much rudder input.
They weren't in a stabilized approach for most of the period captured on this video. Any pilot can make a poor approach - it happens to all of us. GOOD ones know when to go around and try again. Fortunately, this example of less than stellar airmanship here is incredibly rare in our profession.
He was drifting with a fking airplane
Look very very closely, at the exact moment the main gear touches the runway you can just about see the Captain sipping on a glass of Champagne.\n\nFigures.
There is no way to rotate the engines, so the entire plane must be rotated to compensate for the wind.
I fly sailplanes, which lack an engine and require near premium flying skills. This video reminded me of one of my training flights. Unlike other commenters, I see the pilot having a bad day in the office. At 0:22, the pilot overcorrected by jamming full left rudder paddle that caused the issue in the first place. At 0:23, the plane is tracking center line and the pilot should have used a quick right rudder to cancel the yaw, but this doesn't happen. In fact, the right paddle is not let go till 0:24. At 0:25, the pilot appears to engage the right paddle and again fails to cancel the yaw in time that caused the tail section to sway the other way ... and the fun continues.
I heard it was at EDDL Düsseldorf in Germany
Honestly, I don’t see a big problem here. Sure, the pilot over steered, but the pilots handled the crosswinds well, and over all I think that people are making a big deal about very little.
How many puckered buttholes can you fit on that Airbus?\nApproximately and 500.
Como assim não é na Madeira?
Cool! You can see the lower rudder going crazy from the pilot, trying to align. Could’ve used a little less rudder but hey, they did good anyway. Good piloting skills from the pilot in control.
That was 1 scary over-controlled SHIT LANDING = the Landing Gear could have COLLAPSED under the LATERAL G-forces!!!!!
навалил арабского дрифта
Просто нереально посадить такую машину под боковым ветром.
big balls, great work
wow what great pilots
Respekt at the pilots!
New set of tyres.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHFfYpbRMVg
Kansei dorifto?!
LIKE A BOZZZZZ....
Scary
Good job
arab sen inme bokunu cikariyosun
Great capture
Perfect drifting
you right, Unbelieveable!
Copyright ?
amazing！incredible flying skills，👍👍👍
BOOM yo GAAAH THE TING GOES SKRRAAAA POPOPOPPP SKIDI POPOPOP
Good job skill.....
Fuck all Emirates people....
Riesen Glück gehabt
Gosc to 3 razy pod rzad zrobil, szacun
Kick ass pilot boy o boy👏👏
seems nothing can crash an A380.\nexploding engines , lost turbines,  storms,  crazy pilots :D
Computer corretion or pilot or both ?
😳 sheesh
Looked almost like helicopter landing.
ugly landing
Drifts with a plane xd :-)
Excessive rudder. Pilot induced oscillation.
Sri Lankan Captain Udaya Tillekeratne and Emirati First Officer, Saeed Almheiri Emirates A380 \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQJDgKzW3R4
Props to the pilot
Piloto vida louca 👨‍✈️ 😎
Bravo...
Fresh underwear for all
Holy crap!
wow
Amazing Pilot's job!!
Round of afuckinplause !
Wow crazy drifting! Amazing pilot skills
Best landing ever
Mal was geiles in den deutschen Trends😜😅👌
Die armen Passagiere.. Ich wäre vor Angst gestorben^^
Herzlichen Glückwunsch zu > 4Mio Aufrufe. Hast es mehr als verdient. Danke für die hervorragenden Aufnahmen.
It's sad to see other producers and agencies ripping off this video, welcome to the totally unfair world of 'fair use'
http://win-psc.pl/50070   Polecam mi się udało 50zł ale dobre i to spróbuj szczęścia i Ty
Dlaczego to jest na Polskim na czasie
Waoo! Fist: Congratulations  for over 3.000.000+ views ...Second: What a catch!   third: incredible skills from the pilot, good job  Emirates....Excellent job!!
incredible skills or incredible luck?!  great catch though..
Big respect to the pilot! Handled it like a BOSS!
A big hail to the pilots who were able to manage this difficult landing. They need to be commended. And Emirates who hires top pilots for their fleet. Imagine the wind force - 300 tons being tossed around like a balloon ... As a passenger one never really knows what's ahead of ones journey.
They most have been very low on fuel to land this whale in that conditions. Hats off to the pilots and Airbus.
EMIRATES PILOTS...hats off to u lads!! Effin amazing!!
sehr gut gemacht!respekt!
Respekt an die Piloten
Respekt an den Kapitän und sein co Pilot prima Arbeit  👍
Well done captian! 😊
From the video you can see after touching that the rudder is excessively moved to the right, this cause an oversteer,with needed a larger compensation after that to stabilize the oscillation.
It's safe to say that if I were a passenger on that. I would shit myself
I have fallen in love with your channel!
“I’m a Christian” ... hahahaha Patricia you killed me with that one because I was thinking the same thing at the same time and I felt guilty for thinking it cause I’m tryna be holy girl 😂
Hey Pratricia can you please do a review on the desert dusk palette by huda? Love you💜 x
Does it bother you knowing that you have littel holes all over your body because you have pores.
Omg at that mask in the beginning... not today,  im a Christian omg you got me Rollin
I'm a pussy
Your hair is fabulous!! Details please
I don't watch beauty gurus and I dont know why I'm watching this but I am and its a good video
where can i buy those earrings? love them!
OMGGGGGGG THE HOLES ARE MESSING WITH ME. I HAD TO SCROLL DOWN LMAOO
I think this is the best you have ever looked \n this is worth your money.
My sister was the one that told me I had Tripophobia! Let me just tell you if you think you may have it, before googling prepare to be nauseous and also have some assistance nearby to switch the screen for you!!
I'm 21. My 12 year old brother would think that mask looked like cum!
hiii just a suggestion but you should try yesstyle! a lot of their stuff is pretty cheap so i think you’ll have fun their lol. great video btw!!
You had me on the floor... laughing my ass off about the cream for the mask....I was gonna say something unsavory  hahahaha I was think the same thing..gurl but I am a Christian😇...never a dull moment with you Patricia 😂😂
I totally love this girl !! She's so adorable and she's fun to watch
Yes it is looking like what you are thinking 😂😂😂😂
I am 26, from Sweden :)
Tf is a E and why aren't there any edges
I'm 55, go for it.
I AM A MALE AND YOU LADIES ARE DOING YOUR MAKE-UP COMPLETELY WRONG.
The bob looks awesome!  Those who were of age probably got your joke without you saying 😂😂😂
I don't like little holes too! Texture like that makes my skin crawl. So glad to know I am not alone!
Thanks for showing that mask. I just ordered two of them.
31 year old here watching and every time I watch your videos I just think “why aren’t we friends in real life??!” Because honestly you are just my kinda people! ❤️
I converted 391 into Canadian dollars and almost died lol\n\nLove loveeee the hair
Who knew what she was gonna say when she put the white stuff on her face 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂????I living for this side part short hair 😍😍😍😍 💇💇💇
Had that Dr. Jart mask under my loves list to try but imma have to remove it. Always been a huge trypophobic girl bye #goosebumps #itching
“I’m a Christian!” 😂
I love that foundation!!!
I love how full your cheeks are!
i love the lip combo!!!!!!
We need a video on the hair!! Forget the makeup!
Hair looks amazing... You are a trip and I look forward to seeing your new videos. The makeup looks amazing very much how I do mine.. ❤️❤️❤️
I have trypophobia a well. 🙅🏽🙅🏽
I really don't understand why there isn't a Sephora in London. It would be a smart business move for them to open one asap.
Even though you didn't say it. I saw it as soon as you put it on and I feel we both know. WE.KNOW!!!
Girl, I'm surprised you got all that stuff for under 400, because it is so easy to walk into that place, buy 4 items and somehow spend some serious coin.
Ha ha I know exact what you were thinking with that Dr. Jart mask cream LOL
You should be sponsored by spandau ballet
for those wondering, minus the sephora products, the majority of this stuff can be bought in the UK, Selfridges has a K- Beauty section with Dr Jart, and Black Up can be bought at Debenhams.
Hahaha “extra large head” I’m dead
I liked the video before even watching!! 😭
27... I can take the jokes Trish 😏😏😏
Patricia naughty gurrrrl he he he he luckily I'm 30 and I got that joke that mask is life though !!!!
I literally watch these videos and wait for her to say woooow :)
Patricia!! You should try a 12 step korean skincare routine and film it
3:50 you ain’t slick Patricia we all know what you were talking about😂 & how could you say gold but not sing, I started singing waiting for u to join but you never did💀
U look cute in pink actually
I recently purchased the rubber face mask from selfriges, they retail at £10 each and you only get one mask inside which is hire expensive. I have heard good and bad reviews about this face mask. I personally really loved the mask. You cleanse your face and then apply the scream stuff all over your face, there’s a lot inside and you do have some left over, smells like lemons. Then you apply the rubber mask. I left it on for 40 minutes before I went to bed. And I loved it. My face was cold and I felt my face was soft and plump.i think when I wake up in the Leigh and wash my face wash if the rest of the cream my skin will be super soft. Although the mask is expensive I think you can actually use the same rubber mask again if your careful. Keep the bag it comes in, take of the rubber mask carefully and put back into the originally mask back and leave in fridge. I love how cool and cold it feels on your face. I think it can help with puffiness under the eyes and dark circles. I think it was brilliant... I hope you guys like it and enjoy it as much as I did.
Where did you get that wig?! 👀 very nice!
Haha i am 22 married and mother of a 1 Year old .. Feel free Making some gud jokes 😀😀
OMG I HAVE THE SAME FEAR! I Never knew how to explain this to people or that it had a name  :O never ever buying that mask
Lool when you were applying the mask I nearly spat out my drink 😂🤣
I'm 25 and you make me crack up
Im Not Sure but I think that BlackUp has a terrible history! You should probably look into it, I think that it has to do something with stealing the company from a POC
On your next haul, please review Pat Mcgrath makeup. Looking good girl!
We knew what you meant girl ;)
Awww I Love it your make you did is so gorgeous!!!!! And that mask glow works fast!!!
I have tryphobia too and she was struggling😂😂but holes are just so nasty🤢
Sephora is a French brand but fail to see one in the UK?? 🤔
I like the palette
I despise tree bark! Never heard anyone else say that 😂. Or Clusters of mushrooms. The inside of sunflowers. Seeds inside a pepper. Anything bumpy or hole-y lol. **shudders**
Why are u spending so much😑
Short hair looks beautiful :) For videos on relationships, friendships and life, check us out!
Someone should make a compilation of Patricia singing you are gold
Anybody else thought that the bag handles were red circles edited by Patricia ? 😂😂😂😂😂😂
This no-name vlogger cunt got onto trending with less than 400k views? Yeah colour me skeptical.
Come through mask! LOL
no.
Omg your hair is so cute.
❤️❤️❤️
11:21 \n\nLooks like she did ventriloquism
Yassssssss! For that face!
You are trending 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Patricia! This look was absolutely gorgeous!!!😍😍💓💓
You look flawless!
Girl I got trypophobia too
I am 53
25 on trending 😱 yasss Patricia 😄
19
interesting facial
lmao i dont like texture on food
Patricia your Beautiful!
Patrica ageing like fine wine ahaha. 😘😘🍷
I hate holes!
do beautifulhalo!!
YAY pleaseee do 3 x a week
gorgeous xxx
Patricia Bright!!! ☺️❤️☺️❤️😊😇
I’m 13 x
Very very Lovely beatiful beatiful 😗😗😗
I'm 21
Unsavoury 😂😂😂😂
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DO-Ws2ddEcA&t=33s funny videos :))
Gurl you’re trending 😱👏❤️😍
Gross. Nigger
I have no fucking idea how youtube trending works... But this shit shouldnt be trending.
I don't appreciate the cultural appropriation. White face is not s joke. And it is beyond me why this video is trending.
Patricia, another word for...the look of....that, Bukake.
Level up butter chicken
Boys, can you please level up Spaghetti with pesto? It's a go to midweek dinner but can get so boring...
Guys can you please level up oatmeal (i know it sounds stupid but I need it in my life)?
Level up mint sauce. Then pour it on Barry.
That thumbnail is obviously Jamie’s face.
Level up homade Nutella or peanut butter
If you lads can somehow manage to level up Cheesecake, and I mean like, real hardcore New York style cheesecake, then I will be thoroughly impressed.
I dont like these odd format changes....wheres my fridgecam...wheres my mystery box drops...where james standing in the corner..torturing the boys with the box...wheres my damn brownie points...I DONT LIKE CHANGES!
Level up the classic snack Ants On A Log!
What’s Ian doing here...
It might just be me, but the thumbnail looked like a chocolate hummingbird sticking its beak in a person's mouth.
you guys are trending! congratulations, so happy for you XD
Would the Wine Syrup also work with Ginger Wine?
I really love how Mike describes the taste of the foods you make. Makes me feel like I can also taste the food even though I really can’t
What kind of red wine did you use ??
Whatever sauce you make, mix it with coffee and you have an insane hot beverage
Red wine is quite varied in sweetness and dryness.  Which type of red wine was used?
Put it on ure dk and let me lick it off
LEVEL UP CREAM CHIP BEEF (or you might know of it as SOS or sh*t on a shingle)  I RELIGIOUSLY WATCH YOUR CHANNEL
I don't know how and I fear the end result because it's already perfect, but, cheese sauce?
fuck kind of thumbnail is this mike
Level up a lamington please!
Did Barry get highlights in his hair?
Youtube/Facebook/Instagram/Twitter/Soundcloud Services for Sale\nYoutube Video VIEW for Sale( 10000 Views for 10$)\nYoutube Video LIKE for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nYouTube Subscribers For Sale( 1000 Subscribers for 31$)\nInstagram Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 4$)\nInstagram Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 1$)\nTwitter Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 2$)\nSoundcloud Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 5$)\nFacebook Fanpage Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nNOTICE: THIS SERVICE IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR INDIA AND PAKISTAN\nIf u want to BUY Contact me Skype: Faysal470492@hotmail,,com\nor Email me  Smmshaq316@gmail,,com\nWhatsApp Number  +8801680470492\nPayment Paypal/Creditcard\nNO FREE SERVICE OR DEMO WILL BE GIVEN BEFORE PAYMENT(For demo Invest 1$ to Test if This Service is legit or not)\nCa3rEOlAfpc
Dang they've changed I haven't watched sorted food for like a year..
You should level up *MAC AND CHEESE* next!
What wine did you use?
you guys should level up mac and cheese
I love sauce made out of red vine and balsamic vinegar (reduced, obviously) and then thickened with dark chocolate ( not cold butter). best for Steaks
I can't believe this week is gonna end without you guys getting sauced :(
level up something with pumpkin, but start from raw pumpkin please.
The level up just made a ban of fudge for children
So.. where can we find a fudge-sauce-covered-Barry?
How about leveling up a quesadilla? Maybe some pulled pork?
This looks amazing! I have to try this!
Or put it on Mike 👌
Ben u need to make the most difficult omelette at some point on this channel. Andrew on buzz feed did it but I'm wondering how hard it would be for your chefs so level up omelette I guess??
OR for a super yummy, super thick healthier chocolate fudge sauce just melt equal parts butter, brown sugar, cocoa powder, golden syrup and water. Mix then add to the microwave for 10 second bursts until the sugar is dissolved. Can make as much or as little sauce as needed 👍🏼👍🏼 Your welcome!
I'd add a little chopped chilli with the star anise and sugar
You drowned the ice cream oh no ;w;
What's a golden syrup?
Btw, why doe everythingin the last few weeks feel more... Rushed i guess? No mistery box, less banter, no costumes... I liked the way fridgecam was before.
(The Great and terrible Day of the Lord. When Jesus comes back to take up his bride and punish the UNREPENTANT Sinners of this Earth. Those that trample the blood of Jesus under foot):\n\nFor the stars of heaven \nand the constellations thereof \n\nshall not give their light:\nthe sun shall be darkened \n\nin his going forth,\nand the moon shall not \ncause her light to shine.\n\nAnd I will punish the world for their evil, \nand the wicked for their iniquity;\n\nand I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease,\nand will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible.\n\nI will make a man more precious than fine gold; \neven a man than the golden wedge of Ophir.\n\nTherefore I will shake the heavens,\nand the earth shall remove out of her place,\n\nin the wrath of the LORD of hosts,\nand in the day of his fierce anger.\n\n(Isaiah 13:10-13).\n\n(2 Thessalonians 1:7-9)<---And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels, In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ: In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ).\n\n(Isaiah 66:15)<---For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire.\n\n(Isaiah 29:6)<---Thou shalt be visited of the LORD of hosts with thunder, and with earthquake, and great noise, with storm and tempest, and the flame of devouring fire.\n\n(Revelation 19:12)<---His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(REPENTANCE is required to be hidden from the Lords anger/JUDGMENT DAY!):\n\nSeek ye the LORD,\nall ye meek of the earth,\nwho have upheld his justice;\n\nseek righteousness,\nseek meekness:\n\nit may be ye\nshall be hid\n\nin the day of the LORD'S anger.\n\n(Zephaniah 2:3).\n\n***(Seek The Lord): This is the language of true (REPENTANCE), renewal, and regeneration.\n\n***(You will be hidden): Zephaniah used a play on words with meaning of his own name, Hidden in the Lord. Even in the midst of the most calamitous judgment scenes, the mercy and grace of the Lord is still available to a (REPENTANT) people.\n\n***(Luke 13:3)<---Jesus)<---I tell you, Nay: but, except ye (REPENT), ye shall all likewise perish.\n\n***(Luke 5:32)<---(Jesus)<---I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to (REPENTANCE).\n\n***(2 Peter 3:9)<---The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to (REPENTANCE).\n\n***(Romans 2:4)<---Or do you disregard the riches of His kindness, tolerance, and patience, not realizing that God's kindness leads you to (REPENTANCE?)\n\n*** (REPENTANCE):\n\n(Greek. Metanoia); Strong's #3341; This Greek word is a compound word derived from meta, meaning after and suggesting some type of change, and nous, meaning mind. \nThus the word strictly denotes a change of mind.\nBut it also connotes remorse for sin, accompanied by a desire to turn away from one's sin, to God, for salvation.\nBoth John the Baptist and Jesus began their ministries with a call to repentance. (See Matthew 3:2, 4:17)---A call that many of the social outcasts and sinners of that day answered, (See Luke 19:1-10),\nbut that the religious people rejected. (Luke 11:39-44; 18:9-14).\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus is warning us to be watchful for his Second coming, because people will be asleep and will be partaking in the world and fulfilling the sinful desires of their flesh and not walking according to the spirit):\n\nAnd take heed to yourselves, \nlest at any time your hearts \nbe overcharged with\n\nsurfeiting, \nand drunkenness, \nand cares of this life,\n\nand so that day come upon you unawares.\n\n(The DAY of Jesus return should not take us by surprise. We should live as if it is imminent. Are you going to be a WISE or FOOLISH Virgin???).\n\nFor as a snare \nshall it come on all them \nthat dwell on the face \nof the whole earth.\n\nWatch ye therefore, \nand pray always,\n\nthat ye may be (((accounted worthy)))\n\nto (((escape))) (((all these things))),\n\n(The Wise virgins will go with Jesus when he comes back for his bride. (Revelation 3:10-11)<---Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth. Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown). (Matthew 13:30)<---Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers/Angels, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn). (John 14:2-3)<---In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will (((come again))), and (((receive you))) (((unto myself))); that where I am, there ye may be also).\n\nthat shall come to pass,\nand to stand before\nthe Son of man.\n\n(Watch...pray): Jesus encouraged his disciples to be persistent in prayer and faith, looking for the day when the Son of Man exonerates the faithful in the judgment, so that they are able to stand before him.\n\n***(1 John 2:28)<---And now, little children, abide in him; that, when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his coming.\n\n***(John 3:2)<---Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.\n\n(Luke 21:34-36).\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n (REPENTANCE):\n\n(Greek. Metanoia); Strong's #3341; This Greek word is a compound word derived from meta, meaning after and suggesting some type of change, and nous, meaning mind. \nThus the word strictly denotes a change of mind.\nBut it also connotes remorse for sin, accompanied by a desire to turn away from one's sin, to God, for salvation.\nBoth John the Baptist and Jesus began their ministries with a call to repentance. (See Matthew 3:2, 4:17)---A call that many of the social outcasts and sinners of that day answered, (See Luke 19:1-10),\nbut that the religious people rejected. (Luke 11:39-44; 18:9-14).
Since you guys are brits why don't you try to level up fish and chips? Not those unique new fancy ones but the basic battered fish with thick cut chips. Yeah,try to level that up please.
This will quickly become a Sonoma County California Wine Country favorite!! What type of wine varietal to you choose to use for this?
What if i don't have golden syrup? What else can I use?
Level up mac n cheese😍
level up black forest cake.!!
next level up a leveled up  fudge sauce to a leveled up Bary
I miss that studio and I miss you all!
Did Barry dip his hair in custard?
Where is the hello and welcome to fridgecam... part??
4:23  That was well posh and sexy!!! Damn!! Now let's put some of that sauce on Ben and make it sexier. #noshame
Or ... level up to using chocolate made from Criollo or Trinitario beans that are fruity and spicy by themselves.
Mike's been giving really nice commentary about the food lately not just saying that they're good or delicious. Keep at it <3
Is it just me or is Mike looking really good recently? I’m loath to use the word but it came up in conversation- he’s pretty scrumptious right now
That's the best level up we've ever done.\nMy Hellthy Junk Food senses are tingling.
Level up a chocolate cake!!
Level up a Ham Sandwich!
dear sorted food, can you make the audio when talking a little bit louder?\n\nbecause when i watch video on other youtube channel, i should immediately turn down the volume..
This picture objectify women. It is very inappropriate and shameful. Please change it
This is the sexiest episode yet
Bens face
PLEASE LEVEL UP CUSTARD !! IM BEGGING YOU
what about kahlua or baileys
please please
Cockcolate
Barry is hot
Thank You Always
This has 19dislikes
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
Level up buttered popcorn
Level up guacamole
Level up sloppy joes.
Level up pizza ☺️🙏🏻
Make mooncakes :D
Pizza level it uppp
Level Up S'mores!
Has barry dyed his hair
I'd have to try this because at first the star anise put me off. Licorice flavors can be polarizing; people either love them or hate them.
I’d like to lick it off of Barry...
level up healthy food!
Level up fried rice!!!! 🍚➡🍛
please level up béchamel. This sauce is the foundation for so many dishes, that leveling it up can improve a person's entire kitchen game!
OMFG nooooo! Did you just quadruple dipped those spoons?! 🙈 🙈 🙈 🙈 🙈 🙈😂😂
Level up Yorkshire puddings?!
Pretty snazzy, and accessible too.
Level up a BLT
Level up hot chocolate
MASH POTATO!!!!!!!!
#COTW? bring it backkk (pleaseee)
Level up chicken or tuna salad
Level up a  carne ASADA torta
That thumbnail was so unnecessary haha
Level up cheats ice-cream
level up dulce de leche!
Level up some regular plebby Hash Browns into a dreamy (possibly cheesy) masterpiece!
We don't have golden syrup in the US. What would you guys recommend for a replacement?
Dang she thicc 👀
I’m so confused it’s called fudge sauce but has no fudge what do you mean
As a Dutch person who is called Willemijn i am very impressed with Hank pronouncing my name correctly! Most non dutch/flemish people can't do that.
Old school vlog brothers - I love it!
Typo in the description. I think you meant our, not are.
Right when I saw that watermelon I started singing Down by the baayyy where the watermelon grooowwwww
Why is this guy always on the trending page!? His videos hardly get any views and he's irrelevant!\nDefinitely not a trending topic.
I love this. My brother is stressed, I'll make him a video about oversized fruit and vegetables.
I love this. It's too pure.
Eat a biscuit every time he says pumpkin and pounds
Now I finally saw a use case for all those ridiculously giant pumpkins - other than ridiculously giant jack-o-lanterns, of course.
Hank: * keeps listing weights in pounds * \n Me, an european: ... soooo...that's heavy or?
Shoutout to all proud belgians in the comments. We may not know how to keep or form a goverment. We may not have the best public transport, or a general feeling of unification. But godammit!! We know how to grow big pumkins.
Hank's reaction to the corn made me really happy, this video is great 😂👏👏
I lost it at the onion.
Holy heck, the World Championship of Pumpkins Weigh Off is on my birthday! :D
I want a love  button...get with the times youtube.
How is this trending? It's almost like Youtube only puts things they want on the trending page.
All I can think in my head the entire time..... Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww..... Baby brother trying to cheer up his elder brother ....
Those 4 minutes might be the best that I ever spend on YouTube thank you Hank!!!
You actually did it!
Why aren't I on this list?
Leave it to Hank to make something that makes us all smile!
Speaking of pumpkins, my state capital, Phoenix, was almost not Phoenix at all, but PUMPKINVILLE. Good dodge, that.
Can we have a John and Hank Pumpkin Canoe Race?
This was so pure
I literally watched this video because of the video-cover. Don't do that ever! #vlogbrothers\nI liked the video. But don't cheat to gain viewers.\nKeep doing what you do by being honest.
this is not just a great video it's just incredibly sweet and I love it
Worlds largest fruits would be this dude and his brother. #LiberalismFindTheCure
I actually saw a bigger fruit so idk wtf youre talking about
I dare you to take that gigantic watermelon to the Southside of Chicago and stand next to it for ten minutes while the mob runs at it with forks and knives.
I got some major SMS flashbacks from that thumbnail...
How did we not include any music from the Song for All the Vegetables That Look Like Penises in this video?
about 10 years ago my dad gave some guy these giant pumpkin seeds. the guy grew 2 really big pumpkins, the smaller one was about 50kg, the larger they couldn't lift onto the bathroom scales they were using. someone heard about them and stole both of them.
Thought he was joking in the podcast lol
Current world record Cabbage is by Scott Robb, weighing 138.25lbs
Can someone make subtitles that give all the metric weights?
Hank issuing reassurances to John towards the end of the video :') so pure, my heart
Thank you hank for sharing this pure joy!
Large pumpkin man is a stud ! Probably gets all the chicks...
Oh my god. _Turtles All the Way Down_ comes out in just a few days... and I don't have the time to read it. \n\nJohn, I'm so sorry for being a busy young person. I promise I will go out and buy your book next weekend and save it for a rainy day.
well, my day has certainly been brightened by knowing that pumpkin canoe racing is a thing that exists.
The most joyful content, thank you, my brain thanks you.
was this inspired by the grapefruit, possibly once known as the great fruit, segment of Dear Hank and John? :)
you really dropped a bomb with the whole pumpkin canoe thing, i was already pretty impressed.
Birthday pumpkin championship for me! And johns book two days after!!! I love coincidences.
This is my new favorite video.
Hank, this was great. Thank you.
HE IS A STAR
october 10 is got7s new album release.
Shameless self promotion in the title.
Hank I love you this video made my day I’m sick and my throat is out to get me but this video made me better
This was such a great video. This is the kind of quality content the world needs. <3
fun fact: all these people are just small
I have a hard time believing the number 2624.6 indicate the weight of the pumpkin in POUNDS.
This is SO SWEET AND AWESOME. I'm so happy.
some of those fruits make me uncomfortable to look at
What blows my mind is that there is so much variation in the species cucurbita pepo.  Humans have been breeding them ever since the ice age, so we've been eating them for a long time.  There are so many varieties of the plant that you would think they are different species, but they aren't.  It's amazing, pumpkins and zucchini are actually varieties of the same plant.
i felt like your brother because of trump’s calm before the storm comment to the press, but this video hit the spot. thanks :)
This is definitely the thing i needed today..
1:50 I guess we know what Hank's OTP is ;) XD This was wonderful, Hank!
That was great! Just the light-hearted fun video we all needed. I can't wait to read the book, I've pre-ordered it on Amazon... ahh the anticipation! From the first chapter reading John did, I was totally hooked.
pleaseee check out my youtube channel!!! if you enjoyed like, comment, and subcribe. THANK YOU!
Where is the watermelon you showed in the thumbnail?
How come a video like this with only 200k views in a few hours is trending but the rice gum roast was not?
This video is amazing
I'm also wearing my Stay Curious shirt :D
1) I *love* this video!! ❤❤\n\n2) John, I preordered your book and I'm literally SO excited. And I know it won't really help, but plz don't be stressed. I am 100% sure your book is good enough.
Hey John, long time fan of your work, first time commenting.\n\nI want you to know I truly appreciate the authentic and reasoned take you have on every subject I've seen tackled in your works. I was an undergrad at third year of university and you were the first place I saw dissection of historical perspectives and the phrase Euro-centric great man history etc... \nFrom educational factoids to videos on perspective of different issues you help spark personal growth in thousands.\nI felt like adding my voice to the choir in thanks.\n\nAlso your books are the one area I've so far not experienced. Which would you suggest starting with for a 26 year old male gearing up to move halfway across the country? \n\nAll the best, \n-Christopher
I. LOVE. This! I love the optimism. I love the encouragement you are bringing to your brother.
Hello Hank,\n\nHow do you take the guilt of missing plans with friends because you were held up late at work?
Can't they have some metric subtitles?
Is this the same guy that is always in the educational videos your teachers make you watch?
the most iterating thing about johns book is that I keep seeing commercials  about it even though I have already pre ordered  it
Dear America, please start using the metric system...
Largest Fruits by far, Colbert, Fallon, Kimmel, Alec Baldwin, I mean really, not even a mention.
My hometown is exceedingly small -- like, astoundingly small -- but every year it holds a proportionately small but still very entergetic watermelon weigh-off, and for as long as I can remember being here my father has helped carry the watermelons to the scales and weigh them and carry them off again. It's a memory that this video made me realise I value really dearly. Thank you, Hank, and congratulations to both of you!
He should have said no hank you in the beginning \nI will now go hide in the corner cause of my terrible, terrible pun
Greg and Mitch the biggest fruits on youtube.
Who got Mario Sunshine vibes with that thumbnail
The big cabbage makes me very happy
I have 2 oral presentations due next week and terrible anxiety. This video lighted up more than one life today. Thank you <3
When Hank said he was going to make a video about this on Dear Hank and John, I didn't think he would actually do it 😂. I also didn't think it would be this sweet 😭
Humans, WOW!
a interesting website：http://www.luol6.com/forum.php?x=35984
more pumpkin videos!
check Sexual IQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=935Jtcdd5IQ
Go montana!!!!!!!
Yay us!
Not enough jump cuts.
The flash October 10
PETER GLAZEBROOK IS MY IDOL
Finally!
My b-day is 10/11
Nothing like large melons.
the worlds biggest fruits= THE VLOG BROTHERS! lmfaooooo
Humans.... wooowwww!  :D
That. Was. Awesome.
10 hours. #4 on trending and only 100k views. Hmmmm
OhMyGawda
Tire Flipping with the watermelon 💪
Richest Insurance companys in World \nhttps://youtu.be/f_mCzN3vH_s\n💲💲💲💲💲💲💲💲💲💲
I had a tooth operation today and they put YouTube on and said who you like and I said life of Tom so thanks for entertaining me while it hurt so much so thanks again
滞在素晴らしい  actually translates directly to stay wonderful but its not grammatically correct or make sense even at that\nItd be more correct if it was 素晴らしく滞在して or something along those lines which is still more like stay (at some place) wonderfully \nStaying ______ doesnt make sense in Japanese \nLifes too short make the most of it would be more along the lines of 人生は短過ぎるそれからこの宝が有る時にそれを楽しまないと\nWhich is like: life is to short so while you have this treasure you should enjoy it
Ayyyyyy Trafford centre. Was literally there last week
Can someone please tell me what monitors Tom is using?
I had a test in Latin class yesterday and the teacher had a bonus questions where he wrote the title of a movie in Latin and we had to translate it and he put blade runner. And once I translated the numbers I knew it because of toms vlogs. And I was the only one to get it right.
Just sayin, be careful with the collars. One of my cats *loves* having it, she really does enjoy it, with the bell and everything.  My other cat... well... got himself to bleed trying to take it off and had to quickly pay a visit to the vet...
whats happening on the 5th of october tom xx
Australia
mot/tom you could go Nottingham
His mums a victim
new slogan- screw it  just do it
whens the t-shirt available
siehe: Dieter Irber -song PLANET LYDIA!!!!!
I think that you guys need to do the rock climbing for your next couples date. Trust fall in all
Should take them to Daytona Go Karting place in Manchester, so much fun!
You should do lasertag
the new shirt in white looks clean.
White shirt = eh        black shirt =better
Oct 6 my birthday
Where's Steeeve?
Go bowling
lol Toms shoes
Tom got to the manchester chil factor or indoor sky diving:) its really cool and not too expensive either
longest office makeover ever?
Whats tom macallens job?
Picnic! + flying kites! 😂 lmao
acid tastes like nothing just paper ;) love the vlogs with you and your woman having great times making memories
mateeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee u look like focking ryan gosling mate at 9mins
awesome vlog today!!!
Airsofting in salford :D  Amazing place funny put hurts lil bit youll all enjoy it
Carful Tom my dad had an hernia operation and it took like 5 weeks to tecover
How tight can Tom MC get his pants? ha
My last name sounds like leete XD cos its me I'm elite
Go bowling at the Trafford centre then a meal at couchhouse it's the perfect date
Go to the Indy 500. You have months to get ready. Can get all sorts of race team passes and the racing is loud and exciting. The days before the race, you can get a pro driver drive you around IMS. Plus, the Snake Pit lmao
tom should go to Top Golf
I think a design like that would've been  better on the back and then a small logo on the front not a fan of this but still keep up the good work
I've pretty much got all the horror movie pop figures :D
Yes Tom, 13 trending in UK
double date at teamsport gokarting manchester under the MEN arena like if you agree
those new shirts look good in both colors i will have to by both i gess btw when the hoodies getting back in stock
sandstorm  in a escape room
Give tgi's a try and order the Jack daniels bbq ribs. Next to Tony roma's Baby pack ribs they arme some of the best you can get in a franchise Restaurant in Europe.
I want the shirt but I live in Asia  : (
Go back to Japan for the next date 👌🏽
u should make a syndicate original store offline
12. On trending in ireland
Toot toot mutherfuckers
Tom guess what came out today?
Fook me he'll be even closer to the grapes!! Tom's taking over Gee Cross, he's nicking the name off his dad!!
Blade runner is already been out for 3 days in NZ
Skydiving
I still miss piddleass
Double date at bladerunner October 5th 2017
The brand on the t-shit is translated wrong, he's become Shinjikate!!! It should be シンディケィト！
R.I.P Steeve
I have got to say tom seems to be gaining a bit of weight
The year is 2030: Tom (other tom) is still wearing vans
I went bowling today and I did the best in my life my highest score was 132
lol tom taken golf and the laser game seriously, you can tell everyone is just annoyed with his stupid comments on chirping them for missing.
tom should play golf it with craig and brian
Does anyone know what happened today? I’ll give you a hint...\n\n\n\n\n\nOctober 5th
Tom! You should have a shirt with a purple and black color scheme.
TOM... YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT A NAZGHUL IS!!!
Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuududu
I haven't watch toms vlogs in ages is that his gf?
Tom's new japanese shirt says shindiketo
Guess what is October 5th Tom?!?!?!?
Bowling!
kinda looks like nadeshots 100 theives clothing line..
she got the free game because she rubbed the face thats so crazy
Yo-Yo-Yo if ya mum Doesnt like the laptop send it to ya boy we'll play some pubg together know what I'm saying 😂👌👌
I’m going to the Trafford centre tomorrow, wish I was there when you were there!
goes to Japan once😂
Yo I went to that golf course and got the ball in the middle at the end\nYou get a gold coin
You should go see blade runner 2049 😂😂😂
Tom MC: ‘That’s good fun that’ *straightest face in the world*
Where is the Japanese candy video?
Is he married or is this Clickbait?
Every Vlog from now on I am going to write this <3 Day 189!
Since when he married
How about a 2v2 bowling duel?
Does tom still have his apartment in LA
So basically you make a big deal over the word elite
Tom m has girls feet lol
Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud
Tom was getting head in the outro
October 5th is my birthday I turned 22 yesterday
1337 upside-down is leet. L=7 E=3 T=1
BLADE RUNNER 2048
the new shirt as a hoodie would look dope
Tom, you should pull some kind of prank on Lydia it would make a great vlog. Love your Vids. Love the new shirt.
I’m not a fan of Syndicate Original merchandise but if you send me a shirt it’ll maybe change my mind
I got a collar for my cat but last night he got attacked my another cat and when he came back with no collar and a scratch on his nose
Amazing vlog. Paintball next
A new game you might want to try Warframe 100% reccomend it
Omfg it's the Trafford centre in Manchester!!! My fave place
I have played both 18 course holes at the Trafford centre and it is not hard you are all bad at golf
No joke, havent watched a vlog since Christmas, glad. Very glad. This are so fucking cringy and terrible now XD
Thank God you are not censoring the curse words.
The way Alessia was looking at Johnathan when he was trying to feed her was like smirking as if to say im not going to open my mouth 😁😁😁
Did they change the title and thumbnail? Thought it was named ‘feeding the baby’ before and had a picture of Alessia and a spoon?
Get a Lillebaby carrier, Anna! It will help so so so much. The 6 in 1 Complete in Woven. Just trust me. SO SOFT.
A lovely video I really enjoyed watching it :):) :):) emilia, Eduardo and alessia are so cute emilia was so adorable when she said  wait why are you talking? 😀🐶❤️ Eduardo was so sweet when he said  good morning my friendliest friend very slowly and when johnathan asked him if he had a girlfriend he said   yes then when johnathan said what is her name? Eduardo said  emilia and alessia looked so cute when she was smiling at the camera when johnathan was holding her :):) :):) \n\nAnna what you could do is give alessia a dummy for comfort x \n\nJohnathan is a great dad and Anna is a lovely mum x
How cute are your kids!! Love watching your videos 💚💛❤️💙
The cutest kids ever 💕
Yes Eduardo!!! Mini mixer right there!!!!
Amazing parenting! :)
watch +kavos video about family vloggers
When are use going to move house
You are such a good mom.  It's a lot of work and you do a wonderful job.  What a good example you are for others when it comes to parenting. Love watching you guys.  Been watching since Emilia was a baby.  It just keeps getting better.
why don't you put alessia in that like thing that moves up and down and its always moving maybe she'll enjoy it and set it outside the nursery door so she can see you. then maaaybe the little cutie will let you do thing without holding her. I'm sure she will cry at first but yeah shouldn't get her use to always being carried cause that's what happens. she gets spoil and thinks well if I cry mom will pick me up lol
😂Eduardo coughing at Alessia's was so funny , I love the kids theyre so cuttee❤️
It's bounces off and out cause its a spiky ball
 So good morning. I am naked!
I KNEW I couldn't possibly be the only person in the world who says Whatever song is playing on the radio when I turn it on will depict how the day is going to go !!!!!!!!!!!!! Woooooo !!! Haha !! Thanks Johnathen !! 😍😍😍
Awww Alessia was so happy to see her mommy in the beginning of the video. Too precious for words!!!
Anna you are so right ❤ dont ever listen to other people. A mom always knows whats the best for her children/babys. + you can never cuddle your baby to much. Enjoy every minute ❤
I love Eduardo's passion for Little Mix 😂😂
I'm in love with this family.
I love that. Anna is ignoring all the 'don't hold your baby too much' 'rule and doing whatever she feels right for her I love that really like whatever makes ur baby happy and is working no matter what the rules are then do it like so what at least it's working for u and the baby. I love it
Guys it's been officially one year since i've watched sacconejolys every single day! love you guys
alessia is so cuteeee! can we have her haha?
Anna YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL 👏🏻👏🏻
I wish it was cold in Texas where I live 😕 -*jealous*
I hear ya Anna! You rock as a mom :)
The best bit made me roar with laughter Jonathan feeding the baby and get bored face. And Eduardo stripping off. Typical child  very funny
Are they not moving anymore?
Middle child syndrome 😂😂😂😋😂 I'm a middle child
Anna, I feel the nursery isn’t a very big room. A little fussing a crying is okay, if she gets hysterical, yes plz pick her up. But if you wanna redo it, maybe put her in her crib, play some soft music or fun kid songs she likes and continuously talk or sing to her as you work to redo her room the way you want so she hears your voice and knows your close. Maybe take breaks every half hr or 10 min to hold her and play with her, then do another 10 min or so. It will take longer then if you were alone (but what doesn’t with kids) but I feel you can get it done. Could work? Worth a shot?
Anna you are my idol!!!! Such a strong and inspiring woman 🌸🌸
Aleesia is cute.  She loves that camera!  What is everyone being for Halloween?
Do you like to baby wear? Maybe that’s help getting stuff done!
You guys are such a beautiful family. I really love watching your videos. You always lift my spirits up. Keep being awesome. <3
Eduardo I am naked. He always cracks me up.
Anna I'd love to see your nighttime routine! Like makeup removal to bed! :)
Hi everyone, I'm wanting to give it a shot at vlogging so I have memories to look back on. Should my channel be called\n- Zac and Sophie\nor\n- Sophie + boys\nAm open to any other suggestions too! ☺\nMy fiance name is Zac and we have 2 little boys.\nThanks for the help ☺❤
My mom called me her broach because i never wanted to be away from her.
Alessia is a smiling baby like Emilia when she was young. Hahaha! Edwardo was the opposite.
I can't believe Eduardo only 3 it sounds weird when you say interview with my three year old so cute my little cousin is 3 Lenny and he still can't speak very well he can speak but he still can't say proper conversations and when he does try you don't under stand he turnt three 2 weeks ago xx
My brother is Eduardos age and all he wants to do is strip off it's so funny but annoying xx 😘
Love the kiddos. Love u all!
My 3 year old brother likes Steve and Maggie
Anna never mind what others think you are both great parents and no matter what age we are we want and hug from mammy
the most adorable family on the internet 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
“don’t press that button!” Haha Jonathan’s Irish accent really came out there
Omg when Edwardo said that emelia was his girlfriend, dead 😂😂😂
Shoutout to my ex😂 Eduardo is hilarious 😂🙈
Alessia,s smiles x eduardo and emilia are great siblings to alessia xx
In Germany it is more common to put the baby in a sleeping bag - because blankets can move over to her face overnight and she might get too less air
eduardo's favorite song is shout out to my ex by little mix?? omg that's funny! hahaha
Let Allessia nap in your room while you tackle the nursery
When are yall moving?? Lol at Jonathan's Comment...Alessia is so cute!
Eduardo: So good morning I am naked cracked me up! 😂😂😂
Johnathan is teaching Amelia how to be the queen of beer pong when she's older 😂😂😂😂
That ball you were using was way to bouncy. Fun though. Alessia looking at Emilia at the dinner table was so cute.
Just keep cuddling as much as you want to. The time flies too quickly.
Eduardos saying is I'm Anna or I'm Elsa😂❤️
Ha-Ha!  Jonathon is so hilarious - Why is the tv show from last night coming over the radio?!  Anna is right, there is no such thing as loving a baby too much! 💕
I adore Eduardo he is just adorable is hillarious and extremely clever and we'll developed for his age!!!😋😉😃👨‍👩‍👧‍👦👶🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕
I laughed sook hard this vlog :\nEmilia: Wait! Why are YOU talking😂😂😂
Hi I know all about that, I also had two under two, only 18 months apart, I don't remember some of my little boys first few months as they passed in a blur.
Get your baby snuggles while you can.
that baby looks like Miley Cyrus
Sweet Eduardo
Not worth listening to Senborra\nSACCNOE JOLYs are multimillon subscribed and worth it \nGot muted.........
Im dead! Emilia - Diahrrea, diahrrea (sp?) shes so funny!
Oh my gosh is it me or is jonathan screaming nonstop at the camera? I wish he would just talk normal sometimes and not so animated.
Hi Guys!
Just take it
Good coughs cough huh huh cough
Aww
Fav irish family 💚
EDUARDO GETTING NAKED AND JUMPING IN THE CRIB WITH ALESSIA IS THE MOST BIZARRE THING I HAVE EVER WITNESSED.
Pobre bb no tiene cámara para mirarla y no tiene protección la cuna el video anterior se metió un golpe muy feo porfavor tengan más cuidado los amoooooooo
Jonathon, stop screaming.  Are you on something your so hyper active weird in this video.  I wonder why the children don't listen, hmmmmmm.
Prepping the kids for beer pong, a useful skill in high school and college. Lol
Did you change the title or is it just me ?
Emilia and Edwardo need more discipline. They should not talk to you or ignore what you say
Emilia is Eduardo's hero and gf.
I can’t believe Eduardo is only 3! He acts so much older I think!
How else thinks they might have another baby😂😍
You were saying we're moving soon and when we move a lot these past few weeks, now it's all we're never moving what happened??! Please fill us in more about this, it's so confusing 🤔
Emilia saying Give me some hope LOL she is adorable
Silly spoons for feeding babies
Lol @ Jonathan feeding alessia, typical Man slopping it everywhere 😂
At 6:49 Edwardo is naked 😱😱😱😱😱😱
Poor Edourdo he has  pressure of speech he never gets the chance to verbalise himself fully. Jonathon always has to be yapping  ALL the time
Omg she slept whole night on her tummy!Is it safe to do so.Bit confused as i was told to make my baby sleep on her back by my midwife😔
Have you tried baby wearing so you can get stuff done? All my friends swear by it to get the housework done!
What day was this filmed on. Are the vlogs not filmed the day before they're uploaded anymore?😔😭
I haven't watched lately!  What happed with the new house? Are they getting a new house like they said? Or what happened?
Ok I Alesia's adorable we get it. But did they forget they have 2 other kids? I know babies attract more views🙄 but come on. Almost every thumbnail lately has been Alessia
Who remembers when Emilia would just sit and rock and bang her head? 🤣🤣🤣 smh
I don t know when they are moving but it s hard to take all the things that they need in the new house and they have 2 kids in school and a baby it must be hard
I really hope you taught Emilia and Eduardo they're not supposed to climb in the cot with Alessia unless you or Anna are there. I'm imaging all sorts of tragic scenarios here...
Anna, I love you honesty. I had a baby boy around the same time as you did Alessia (I think they are about 2 weeks apart) and with it being my second I have really struggled with some of the day to day!! I think you're doing an amazing job and you are just so real!! Thank you for making me fee like I am doing a great job too. Xxx
Does anyone know what is Vodafone please leave in the comments
Jonathan what is with Eduardo stripping of all his clothing when he goes in allesia bedroom  it’s a little odd
Eduardo is an expressive child. He have a big heart and plenty of love to give. Him getting naked is his way of saying that he does not want Alessia getting the grubbiness from his school clothes. I am sure his parents will teach him the norm of things as he grows older. He is only 3 For God's sake....
thats like saying Jimmy Kimmel is *not* Jimmy Fallon
But they are twins, right?
I am not a Conspiracy Theorist but the girl from The Office does look like these 2 plus 2 others i seen, the other girl from the Office looks like the girl from Cabin in the Woods plus 2 others i've seen in Movies & I 💘 Megan Fox & the girl from Latest Transformers looks just like Megan Fox WTF ❗ Cloning.....
Jimmy Kimmell is somehow less likable, and even less funny than Jimmy Fallon. That's impressive
the real question is why did he google her?
When you search Confessions of a shopaholic in Netflix the first movie that pops up is Leap Year 🤣
OMG I GET THEM MIXED UP TOO!! 😂😂😂😂😂
Ok we get it discount amy Adams
Naomi Watts is NOT Diane Kruger.\n\n\nDiane Kruger IS Naomi Watts!
Didnt know she has an accent
when you realize she is Borat's wife :)
The eye color should give it away. People just aren't very observant.
She was so hot in the Scooby Doo movie
This threw me for a loop both still hot
They don’t even look anything alike just red hair people are so weird
But they are both HOT
Wait so was this Isla or Amy?
I don't confuse them. I love them both.
FFS I SERIOUSLY THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE
I actually don't get Amy and Isla mixed up, but this is freaking hilarious 😂😂😂
If you're Jimmy Kimmel and you push leftist propaganda often enough, YouTube will reward you by posting your videos to Trending regardless of view numbers.
See the thumbs up to thumbs down ratio here Kimmel? Keep your political bullshit to yourself and focus more on this route
Isla Fisher was a sexy schoolgirl in Home and Away
They have a lot of the same features, but their faces do not look alike to me.
I never thought they looked alike 😂
then jake cyruz is far from xander ford
Fisher looks like Amy Adams and Nicole Kidman mixed together
what an insult to Isla Fisher
After the PSA im upset I have no clue who she is... But she looks enough like Amy that she's on the list!
wait.... Isla Fisher is not American?
I still can't tell them apart.
Nocturnal Animals, I was almost confused..XDD
but one has brown eyes and the other has blue yes tho
I thought they were the same person for years
She reminds me of JoJo Fletcher and Shakira.
Katherine McNamara is a character created by Isla Fisher who is Amy Adams being played by Debra Messing...
It’s funny that she mentioned Jessica chastain because before I watched the video I was thinking about how Jessica chastain and Bryce Dallas Howard also look exactly alike
#15 on trending at the time I'm commenting this.
I loved you in Scooby Doo!
Why is Amy Adams using that accent?
I’m pretty sure this is Amy Adams.
Isla Fisher is an Austrlian national treasure
I don't really see that big of resemblance
Borat hits that.   Props to him.
red heads in hollywood look alike...jessica chastain and bryce howard and isla fisher and amy adams....its uncanny
I LOVE you,  I think your one of the funniest ladies in movies.   I truly don't like Amy Adams 😄😄😄😄😎
Isla is so much prettier than Amy
Omg that's not Amy adams????
Jimmy why aren’t you crying?  Aren’t there bullshit emotional political arguments to be made?
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ is the only way to God*\n*He died and rose from the dead*\n*He promises you eternal life*\n*He will also heal your body!*
Who cares, they're both banging hot
She's better looking than Amy Adams
In my opinion she kinda looks likw rose leslie and she looks nothing like amy like who says that the only similarity is the hair color thats it
Isla and amy are the most typical white blonde girl I can even think of...basically ..most white girl looks the same
Who cares both gorgeous ladies I sure when the arses are in the air most people wouldn't know the different ethier !!!
Why does Jessica Chastain have an accent in this video?
Good prank. Almost thought they weren't the same person for a second there.
ma god...i thought Isla Fisher's character in noctural animals was play by Amy Adams too ahahaha
If you think Isla Fisher is Amy Adams lookalike , then you should check out Juliana Dever... Trust me... They're 'Identical'.
I have this problem with Mark Wahlberg and Matt Damon
Obviously. The one on the right has titts 12 sizes larger. Not that either one is attractive to begin with
OF COURSE SHE IS NOT AMY ADAMS... \nAMY ADAM FACIAL FEATURE IS SOOOOO MUCH PERFECT... HER SHARP NOSE, HE ENCHANTED EYES....SHE IS TO MY EYES, RHE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD....
Isla Fisher is  more hotter then Amy Adams
Also, don't forget, Amy Adams is married to Sacha Baron Cohen.
They taste the same.
There is a third one that looks like both of them from the show suits.
She looks like a red-headed version of  Anna Kendrick
But is she Parker Posey?
I'll bet HARVEY WEINSTEIN thinks she's cute too.....
It's really not that hard to tell them apart. Amy Adams has a sweet, open face while Isla Fisher has sharper, more vixen-like eyes.
Isla fisher was under the table in wedding crashes.
was it amy or isla who play the shopaholic girl?
It's the lack of souls that makes it hard for us to tell them apart.
She's hotter than amy
Amy is hotter.
Yeah you are, liar.
Yh well, Isla is way prettier 😁
Wtf she’s BRITISH?!?!?!
Man both are hawt
WTF SHE HAS AN ACCENT
check Sexual IQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=935Jtcdd5IQ check your IQ
That was great!
OMG, imagine: Isla Fisher & Amy Adams & Jessica Chastain & Bryce Dallas Howard in one movie. o.O
She looks like Jojo
Lol Jaamie Kamel
Islam Fisher is hotter than Amy Adams
Love Isla!
Travis Fimmel and Charlie Hunnam
Cant believe borat is smashing that
CYLON!
samuel l jackson isn't laurence fishburne
Jimmy finally dried his fake tears.
Isla played the horny sister in Wedding Crashers ... Hysterical !
was the breastfeed joke sarcastic??
Gal Gadot likes them both.
yes she is.
But...isn't she?
https://youtu.be/gVCwvetJSDo
Fake news
Then Ethan Hawke isn't Mark McGrath...
So sweet of Mathew to wake you up like that!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
It honestly baffles me that some people find the motivation to put actual clothes on when they're not going to leave the house
You're such a go-getter, I can't beLIEVE how motivated you are. And I/we/your audience can tell that you are this productive all the time because in your daily vlogs you always get so much done. It's honestly amazing and I think you're super rad. You motivate me to quit procrastinating on crap in my life and just get on with it. Keep up the good work, but also don't forget to give yaself a break now and then, too!
then....THE NIGHT ROUTINEEEEE!
I think my cats would try to eat me if they didn't get fed right away.
I feel a bit attacked about the microwaved tea.
You make my mornings look so unproductive 🤣🤣
i love this video SO MUCH. little barneys grumpy face when you were putting the harness on just warms my heart <3
Morning routines are one of my favorite type of videos. For some reason I find them so relaxing! 😄
Your wallpaper in your place is stunning! Where are they from?
Body looks amazing!🙌
Those black jeans! Where did you get them? 😍
Where did you get your jeans and top from? Pretty sure I didn’t see them in your misguided haul so just wondering where they were from
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
The push up needs to be in an arrow position rather than a T. If you stick your arms so far out you put unnecessary strain on your shoulders.
I just love your videos Helen. There’s something about you and how you film and edit your videos which makes you so unique. 💖
Omg helen you look fabulous in those jeans and shirt with the fluted sleeves 🔥
I love your home it's so cool. Luv from California
I wish we had decent seasons here 😐. We have stinking hot, hot, cool, a day or two (this year we had two Mondays)  of coldish and uncomfortably hot
THOSE JEANS. I must know where
Where are your jeans from?!!  They are so nice 😍
So disciplined to workout first thing in the morning! but girl you need to have proteinafter your workout or you wont see changes!!
Those jeans on you, Helen!!!! :') <3 <3
Totally off topic but where did you get your couch? Is it comfy? I've been searching for a nice one and I can't seem to figure out what is a good deal. lol
Wear is that top from??? does anyone know?? I love it!!
You get a lot done before lunch! I also feel your “pain” with a light colored pet. But the floors aren’t dark the furniture is..lol.
I’m reading Order of the Phoenix at the moment too haha
Ahhhh finally a morning routine again!!! I loved it:)
Your a busy busy bee! 🐝 Leg kick dance when your getting dressed - yes! Agreed living room always looks a mess, always replumping pillows 😂 x
Those trousers while you tidying look very sexy on you Helen! 💛💛
Those jeans look great on you.
were are your pants from? I love them!
Where did you get those jeans?! Love them so muchhh❤
You should get a new toothbrush. But other than that cool video, you're very proactive.
So well shot, love it!
Great job, Helen! love the quality and effort 💕
This really motivates me to sort out my morning routine and start the day right 😁
The only thing i want to know is how long all of this actually takes you to do 😊 i struggle to get things done in the morning
Maff is a gem, you’re insanely motivated and inspiring, and my fav part is Lola peeling out on her walk.☺️
Where are those new pants from? 😍
Helen how have I not found your channel before, god you are a breath of fresh air! Loving your videos xx
Fab video! You look absolutely gorgeous 😍 also twinning with those white boots, I absolutely LOVE mine 😍
I'm so impressed by how much you do in the morning and by the fact that you get yourself up to workout so early! I can hardly get myself to workout at all. \nAlso, your house is so beautiful! From the wallpaper to the tiling it's stunning.
Does anyone know what camera Helen is using? :o\nI always found it's such great quality hhh
Gotta know where the jeans are from 😍😍😍
Love those jeans, where are they from?
this was so nicely filmed and narrated, it's like the perfect mix of casual and chatty, but still filmed in a professional way yknow
You have such a nice body Helen💜 not to sound like a creepy weirdo lol but you do
Babes that black outfit is banging on you. You have such a nice shape
this is so motivating wow! thank you☺️ i’ve set my alarm for half 5 so i can do yoga in the morning. please do an autumn night time routine ☺️💓
This video is so pretty
Please do a jeans haul! It's so hard to shop for jeans 💖\n\nLoving your morning videos 🖒
I need to take note from this!!! On my days off I struggle to get out of bed before midday - and days when I'm going somewhere I usually give myself half an hour to get ready😩 What sort of time is it usually when you're at the point of makeup done, gym done, editing done etc, & ready to go out and get on with your day? 💖
GOsh I love these kind of videos theyre suuuper entertaining
i don't know what it is about this video, but it was gooooorgeous!! love it
Ahh where did you get your jeans??? They're so nice. Love your vids xx
I leg dance my way through life ;)
Where are your black jeans from? They are so cute.
Them jeans look so good on you!
Love your outfit in this- gorgeous!
This is legit your morning routine....I watch your daily vlogs to vouch for you!!! God I feel like a creep!!! Good woman yourself, getting up that early ...my heroine!!!
If I didn't feed my dogs as soon as I wake up there would be riots in my house! XD
YOUR DOGGIES!!!! I had no idea you had a pug! 😍😍😍😍 Also I've been loving The Body Shop's Vanilla Pumpkin body butter-- it smells amazing and its instantly hydrating 😊
Where did you get those jeans? And the shirt? Haha overall super cute outfit!!!
I'm obsessed with your editing and how your footage looks. It's shot so beautifully. I really appreciate your work.
Also where are those black lace up jeans from :o ??
First time I'm so early ever :D\nLove you Helen! ^^
LOVE the music in this! Also another awesome video, Helen!
Omg your house Is a goal..would you malé housetour?
The way you filmed this video is simply amazing! It's so well done and gives the feeling of a beautiful movie! Everything you do has just the best quality
You're looking great Helen, all that hard work at the gym is showing xx
Dear lord, I class it as a productive day if I get a few of your morning things done 😐\nNeed to get in a routine like this :')
Loved this video Helen! Although I'm so bloody jealous of how productive you are, if it's a work day I wake up about half an hour before I need to leave and if it's the weekend I stay in bed until about midday hahaha
How is that just one morning?! Looks like a flipping whole day for me
this video is really beautifully shot x
I honesty love morning routines, they are so motivating! This is amazing Helen! <3
Oh I got the leg kick dance DOWN #thunderthighs 😂
i got sooo excited to see you uploaded a morning routine !!! i've wanted you to do another one for ages !! Xx
I agree!! Where are the jeans from Helen? 😍 xx
Where are these FAB jeans from ???
Love love love this video!!!!! ❤️
those jeans😍😍
loved the video :) <3
That outfit man <3
Your soo adorable !!!!
much more elegant thanmy morning routine
omg how cute are your pups!!!
Leg kick dance club! 💃
Goddess 🙌🏻
Love this! 💜💜💜
1st
love love looove this video 😍😍😍
those jeans look amazing
have you had a new camera? this is so clear and beautifully shot xx
I NEED that top! Was it in your recent missguided haul because I can't find it online :(
I don't know how you are so productive all the time! 💖
MAFF IS SO SWEET
Pleeeeeease don't use those plastic milk pods for your coffee! They're not biodegradable and they're so so harmful for the environment. Please consider drinking your coffee black (if it's good coffee you'll love it!) or making your coffee by other means. Lovely vid, all the best <3
I just cannot take my eyes of you, youre so sexy
Love how you stick your finger in the tea haha.  I don't have a routine, I really should.....but most mornings it's: debate whether to shower or not, eat breakfast (a leftover reese's peanut butter cup) LMFAO what is wrong with me??
How to Survive Black Friday
Or just get a survival book. 🤔
3:09 Keep your eyes peeled for iron pyrite..\n\n_.. but I won't show you what it looks like. Here, have a drawing of a puddle instead lololol._
I'm always in the comments and I miss the information
Just eat all your neighbors.\nLiberal cities will have so much food, hipsters are easy preys, put a sign, charge your phone here, and bam garrote on the head. Tasty steaks later.\nNote, the legs will provide the best meat, just look out for fat people or too fit,  which makes it tough to eat.
LOL follow wolves and owels, they're good hunters, you aren't
If there is ever an apocalypse I will kill all of you fuckers
How survive am Apocalypse:\nStep 1- Have ASAP science with you\nStep2: see step 1
I thought this video was going to be interesting..... I was wrong
Cactus juice/water more often than not contains potentially toxic hallucinogens. It is safer not to drink from a cactus.
At this point I’m waiting for the nuclear bomb to rain down
Now I know why the app Tinder use that logo...
Or you can just shoot yourself and get it over with
What if we don't want to live? 🤔
Just die, there's no point of living.
I'm just grateful I don't have to live like this! I love the life I have honestly.
Eating snow or frozen water could kill you if you're also starving.  You need to melt it using energy that is not yours or it burns a lot of calories.  You should not tell people to eat snow in these situations without explaining this caveat.\n\nAlso, I like how your theoretical Apocalypse survivor is forced to live off nuts, yet has the energy to boil them for 2 hours to make them taste better.\n\nYou're all delusional.  You would die in a day until you understand the economy of energy, and your specific physiologic relationship with it.          \n        \nSitting at your computers coming up with these complex MacGyver solutions to problems isn't going to help you.  If you can't manage a healthy body when there are no pressures trying to kill you, you will not be able to manage it in the wild.\n\nThese videos offer nothing but false security, and you better pray you never need it.
No! Do NOT eat snow! You will kill yourself faster than dehydration!
There will still be Gummi worms!
the only way to survive is with Jesus Christ ! theres no other way..Amen
Do you guys know something we dont? was this just a random topic for a video or is there something we're not allowed to know because it would cause mass panic ._.
Good timing. We are going to need this, donald wants to start nuclear war with north korea.
Watch my video Join the fight against cancer on my channel CJ Collins and see how to help cancer panties
you shouldn’t eat snow bc that can lower your body temp and you may get hypothermia faster
Can you do a video on your brain on heroin??
Ah, duh. You don’t survive -the apocalypse- !
I hope I can remember this when the world ends. I think I have watched enough The Walking Dead to survive. Now I need a sword, axe, and a gun.
Danger-Warning!! We all need to repent and call on Jesus Christ to save us! Judgement Day nears, if ones name is not found written in the Lamb's(Jesus) Book of Life, that soul is cast into the Lake of Fire for All of Eternity! Accept His sacrifice of dying on the cross for you and seek God, hurry! Glory to the Holy Trinity forever! Danger-Warning!!
MCPE changes things like BUTTHOLE to ******** now.
WHOA WHOA WHOA  some of these are wrong enough to make people sick you shouldn't try to extract water from cactus pulp most cacti could make you sick due to other natural chemicals in the pulp and you shouldn't eat snow melting it then drinking it is fine but straight up eating snow messes up your core body temperature and could lead or make hypothermia worse
I dunno how to make pancakes in a nuclear apocalypse
OMG I'm not going to be able to recall any of of this in the mist of an apocalypse.
I thought you are not suppose to drink cactus water/juice, it can cause you to hallucinate?
This video just took two years of Internet binging and condensed into five minutes. Thanks ASAPscience. Now I have to share the dandelions.
0:13 it's Morty w a green shirt
Not all cacti water is edible. That's a good way to give yourself diarrhea,  inturn dehydrating your body. Eating fresh snow will lower your core body temp as well as make your body burn energy digesting the snow. When you haven't accrued food yet, you're going to need to conserve every bit of energy/calorie you possibly can. Wheat grass (which grows abundantly almost everywhere, especially near roadsides) can be ground down to flour and made into bread. It tastes bland, but helps by giving you energy providing carbs.
so is this walking dead irl...
Why is there so many things on the apocalypse?
Industrial Meat is the Apocalypse
So much bad information here
How to survive the apocalypse, download all the survival videos and watch them when needed.
I thought you weren't supposed to eat snow since it makes your body temperature drop...\nDid he mean that you have to melt it first?
I've eaten dandelions\non Oregon Trail
We know we are going to die
Video idea: Why are figet spinners so helpful for some people but not for others
if using a shallow cave (in winter or when cold)  be careful to warm it as the rock warms can break off the ceiling.
The apocalypse meaning the revelation of the truth... what the heck is this video talking about?? \nI mean who has to eat snow after hearing the truth??
Cut the knees out on the jeans
But why would you want to survive
Only Rick and Morty fans fill survive because *To be fair...*
You do not want to eat snow. You need to try and melt it into water somehow.
If an apocalypse were to happen, all that hard work would go to waste since somebody would probably bash my head open with a rock at night and take over my campsite.
Can we have the transcript so we don’t have to take notes 📝?
Biggest survival tip: be careful who you tell that you are preparing for survival
95% of the population will die, especially if you are depending on YouTube videos to help you. Look at the bright side some of us will make it just fine, and what the 95% leave behind will be helping us 😎
Or Just Watch Man Vs Wild
This video is going to get someone killed..\n-Boil water for 10 minutes\n-Not all types of cactus can do that\n-Don't eat straight snow, it will lower your core temperature leading to hypothermia. Warm it up\n-Sip water\n-DO NOT EAT ANYTHING THAT YOU CAN'T IDENTIFY\n-Acorns are NOT always safe.\n-Again, don't eat random shit.\n-Lol good luck starting a fire with rocks\n-DRESS WARM. Layers. You can always take a layer off. Sweating in the cold will lead to hypothermia, sucking out your body's warmth\n\nThis video is ridiculous.
Good thing I'm vegetarian,  i don't need to worry about food all i need is grass or trees.
Damn, this dude is so screwed.  \nNo mention of firepower. You need to be able to defend yourself against other scavenger packs. Speaking of packs, join one. LMFAO@LoneWolfMentality. You'll be picked apart first. Live in a cave? Damn, what kind of apocalypse is this? You have birds, rabbits, trees, plants, fresh rain and streams, snow without giardia but you can't find an empty house? Even one out in the woods if you're apparently hiding from traveling bands of scavengers? You know, the ones who totally won't see the smoke from your magnifying glass fire.....
But what do you do about Demons and zombies??
lol i hate america so idc if they get nuked. idc if i die too either.
Don't use cotton clothing...
I think pop sci channels attracting an audience greater than 1m should by default close the comment section as it provides an abundance of worthless text.
Why eat insects when u can eat humans 😋🍽
You cant start by subscribing to actual survival and prepping channels :)
Ya know it's not like every building in existence will disappear. Scavenging is a very good idea too. Also you won't have bug problems in winter. Bugs kinda, I don't know, DIE in the cold. But if you are stuck in the winter, all you need is a sleeping bag, a tarp, and some rope. And you will have a super warm shelter. (That is, if you build it right)
Wow did you actually just tell me today fresh snow?? Do you know what hypothermia is? That's the easiest way to die in cold weather and it's like Boy Scouts 101! Disappointed...
I'm a psychic, my boobs can tell when it rains.! SO TAKE THAT REGINA WHORE!!!
But what is the proper way to kill a zombie?
Or just raid the local grocery store
People, all you need to know is: Lucifer is possessing Sam.
DAMMIT! Vegetarians will almost never survive!
Never ever, ever, ever eat snow!  Hypothermia.  Melt first.
Not tinder you need kindling
'Apocalypse'...an unveiling, discovery or revelation.
Fallout 4 Survival mode..
sleeping on ground HELLO TICKS SPIDERS SNAKES CENTIPEDES PARASITES BEAR BIG CATS BIGFOOT FALLEN ANGELS ALIENS GHOSTS HAHA ETC...
Dude just watch primitive technology.
Vegetarians?????
0:17 and fidget spinners
Mmmm. Acoooorns.
Worst advice ever
Raw acorns can toxic
I read it as apocalypse nvm byr
Ask Jeremy Heere
I'm ready 😂
hatchet is shook
😁
Just play the entire fallout seies
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
ill die thanks
oooh some Hunger Games facts too hahaha
vegatarians will live vegans will die
saving this to my offline playlist
Wouldnt last a day😩😭😕
por que pones el titulo en español si el video en en ingles??
I'll just die
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
Can you answer why we have birthmarks
being a female.. on your period.. during an apocalypse.. sounds horrible..
If you decide to breastfeed, the first couple weeks of breastfeeding are the hardest and there’s such a steep learning curve, but if you are able to push through it, it’s definitely worth it. I will say that if you end up deciding breastfeeding isn’t for you and some people give you a hard time about it, remember that being a good parent is making sure your baby is fed. It doesn’t matter if it’s breastmilk or formula. Fed is best. Period!
Baby names we love but won't be using? Please
I'd love to know what Mike's pregnancy essentials are; I bet that'd be hilarious.  Excited for you!
Another Q&A about baby with Mike?? Maybe? Yes? Please
It feels like the time is going so fast, before I know it she'll be here. I love that you're sharing pregnancy updates with us, even though I'm 57 it brings back memories of my pregnancies. I had a mental breakdown after my husband drove an hour to get me a treat late at night, he brought back a pudding pop instead of a fudgescicle...I sat on the bed a cried haha
‚My baby is currently a papaya‘ - I actually had to laugh out loud at this! Love your pregnancy updates. xx
I can't wait till she arrives and can't wait till we know what the name is
Essentials? SLEEP!!!! As much as possible!!
You seem so happy Fleur! It is very contagious :)
Watching this at 3.30 AM while pumping 😅🐄 #momlife
Epsom salt baths when I got near the end 🙌
http://www.bounty.com/pregnancy-and-birth/pregnancy/pregnancy-week-by-week/20-weeks-pregnant this like but many more websites
You said since I found out I was pregnant, that means the pregnancy was unplanned. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I really loved the H&M maternity jeggings with the full panel that goes all the way up, way more comfortable in my opinion! Also during towards the end of my pregnancy I could not wear any sort of jeans/leggings I lived in maxi dresses!
I'm 6months ahead. Wren is 16 weeks now. Postpartum essential; high waisted leggings that suck you in again because I felt like I was falling apart, so empty and flabby and most of my maternity jeans just let the flab hang out! These ones are most like the ones I had. \nhttps://m.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/textured-elastic-ponte-legging-5855128\n\nBreastfeeding essential is support. All hands on deck to feed you and keep the tea and toast and pillows and blankets coming especially that first two weeks. It will hurt a lot until it doesn't. Cabbage leaves for engorgement work really well, surprisingly! \nBaby essentials; Vibrating bouncer seat, clevamama sleep pod, playmat with overhead toys, mirror for the car headrest. \nAnd the very first thing I ditched was my fancy over the shoulder nappy bag in favour of a backpack style handbag from primark. Throw it on your back, both hands free for baby. \nOh and keep getting baby clothes YOU love because you'll get SO many pink things or baby gear emblazoned with Daddy's little princess. x
Newborn essential - this is a bit of a strange one but the Phillips' 'Hue' light bulbs and hub have saved me with my nighttime feeds. You can control your lights with an app on your phone including a dimmer option so you don't need to get up and turn on bright lights at 3am, if you have a bedside cot, you won't even need to get out of bed! I am a wheelchair user so this has literally been the best thing ever!
If you chopped yourself in half... bahaha, i love how your sense of humor gets injected into whatever you're talking about. Such a chill gal!
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
Prenatal vitamins are so important during pregnancy and also if nursing.  Those pregnancy apps look fun to use 👶🏼😊
you are glowing Fleur, i loved Ovia when i was pregnant
This is pretty random, but I’m currently 18 weeks with my first, loving maternity jeans, but I miss tucking in tops!  Anyone else experiencing this? 😆
I'm soaking up every single pregnancy content that you put up lol, so so interesting
Number 1 essential when I had my baby girl: Fisher Price Rock n’ Play. She slept in it until she was 6 months old. It rocks and has a sound machine attached... folds up flat for travel. Super light and easy to move around from room to room. I think it was $75 US. So excited for you guys! My Ava is 19 months old and time is just flying so quickly. Being a mom is just the greatest gift 😊 Enjoy every second!
You might not be this far ahead yet for preparing but I highly recommend socks for labor and a lovely lip balm. I had long labors and forgot socks the first time and the air con is freezing and if you have gas and air your lips get so dry x
If you are doings a name reveal, pls, pls, pls, Please do a sugar cookie name eveal
Yeah my name is Joni, glad you are enjoying my jeans!😅
Are you going to do a nursery tour soon? :D Pretty please!
I don't have a baby myself but im a caregiver and i'd say you need tons of biebs, specially if you care about your baby looking neat. You will need to change them often, for heavy drooling days (lol) i recomend you look for the ones that have plastic lining on the back so moisture stays away from her skin. Also all plastic when they start with food, spots find their way and are hard to remove!
For my third pregnancy I read Jenny McCarthy's Belly Laughs. It is an interesting read. It talks about stuff during pregnancy/birth that are taboo and I found it pretty funny and real.
You should try reading a parenting book called Bringing up Bebe, it's about French parenting techniques, and an American parent. It's really eye opening!
I'm currently 8 months pregnant and I just wanted to say first that I love your updates! Also that if you want to geek it a little more the book the first 6 months is a fantastic book for newborn Info, it's written by a midwife and it's an Australian book if you want to check it out. Xx
Fleur I am obsessed in watching Emily Norris videos. She has done baby essentials which I found really useful
I'm happy for you Fleur!☺
I am actually a nanny for a currently 9month old. But have been with him since he was 3 months.  The things that i would recommend are the BabyWise book by Robert Bucknam M.D. and Gary Ezzo!! The most incredible philosophy on sleep.  Its all about fitting a baby in to your life versus the other way around.  The parents i work for are able to live their normal lives, and know when their child while actually be sleeping versus having a new schedule everyday.  Also a dock-a-tot!!! and back is best sleep suits!
Great video! I'm just behind you at 25 weeks, and I've been loving the Palmer's oil for my belly. I need to try the tummy butter! And I've been reading Bringing up Bébé. Love the book so far. Great advice from an American ex-pat living in France. Hope you're enjoying your pregnancy! You look beautiful! xx
Do you think you and Mike  or just you will do a baby names we love but won't be using video?
pregnacare max is the best used it throughout my pregnancy.....
Two kids down, working on a third. Definitely buy (if avail in UK): Nose Frida, Kinsa Smart Thermometer (probe kind), coconut oil for breastfeeding, and a touch lamp.
I'm 23 weeks pregnant and I'm so glad im not the only freak obsessed with watching every newborn essentials video on YouTube haha
My son is now 18 weeks old and my essentials were my fit ball to bounce on as I got close to due date, soft sports bras for bed and night shirts a pose to pj's. when you pack your hospital bag make sure you take some pre made milk bottles I.e cow and gate etc inc saw it takes a while for baby to latch I had been awake for days and my son had tongue tie so our only way to feed him was formula to start.? I have commented before but aquanatal classes are the best thing I ever did for exercise and to meet other mums. My no.1 tip is to meet other people at antenatal classes that are due a similar time, no matter what you read nothing beats k owing other people are going through the exact same and it is the best form of support as a new mum, I never ever read a pregnancy book as it is such a personal experience you just learn and develop every day when baby arrives. enjoy every second of being pregnant, before you know it you will have the most perfect little person by your side but my gosh you will miss your bump after a while. It's honestly the best feeling in the world xxxx
Yes leggings are a must during the last part of pregnancy and if there is one thing to invest in for baby it's a good car seat and stroller hands down
I just had my baby girl last week!!' Definitely recommended sleepyhead ! You should do a 'favourite names' , 💯for the Topshop jeans x
Hey Fleur! Would you talk about how pregnancy has effected your relationship with Mike? All good if that's too personal though! Xx
I don't have kids yet but I really like your videos :) \nWhere are your necklaces from? They're SO cute.\nAnd I also love your iPhone cover - where is it from?
I’m 35 weeks I use the glow nurture app I find talking to other ladies due the same time as me reassuring
Have you been keeping a pregnancy journal? I've always considered keeping one when I get pregnant but I'm bot sure how time consuming that would be
Omg this was me last year- I can't believe how fast this year has gone. My little boy was born 27th December. Savour everything because you'll blink and miss it!!
On Ovia, at least in the US, you can  change the size comparisons. Mines currently toys, but you can change it to fruit if you want!
I'm 20 weeks pregnant, my essentials are also the pregnacare max and clarins body tonic oil for my tummy it smells amazing and last for ages!!! Xxxxx
Where is that moon and star necklace from!? So beautiful! For me i found bio oil actually was more effective for stretch marks based on my two pregnancies. Second pregnancy i combined the body butter with bio oil and saw a significant difference.
Loving the videos about your pregnancy, keep them coming 💕xxx
My daughter is 7 months old and I've been sharing our journey on my blog. I'll link to a few posts that might be useful. :) \nTen Items Used Daily With 6 Month Old - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/09/ten-items-used-daily-with-6-month-old.html\nNewborn Essentials - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/03/newborn-essentials-what-worked.html\nLactation Cookies - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/04/trail-mix-lactation-cookies-dairy-free.html\nThird Trimester Must Haves - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/02/third-trimester-must-haves.html\nSecond Trimester Must Haves - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/02/second-trimester-must-haves.html
Beautiful!!!!
your skin is flawless!
my twin babies (a boy and a girl!) are three months old! :) I lived in maternity leggings the last month of my pregnancy. the thought of putting jeans on when i was that uncomfortable made me want to cry. so, for sure stock up on comfy, stretchy leggings! especially for when you are swollen towards the end. good luck!! best wishes!!
You'll be a beautiful mama. Love you 😘😘👶👶
I'm due 22nd January I'm currently in week 24! Been absolutely loving the pregnancy videos:) xx
Baby centre is my favourite app, for pregnancy and after the baby is born. My daughter is 11 weeks now and I look at that app everyday! Also online Community is nice, My baby was a July baby and so was everyone else's. Xx
i used a contraction counter app which i found very useful! :) x
Hi fleur omg 6 months where's the time gone not long now.so excited for you guys.ive heard so much about hypno birthing have you thought about that yet.you look amazing.xx😀
Are you going to show the baby in your vlogs and such when she is born or are you going to keep her life off of youtube?
Stretch marks being genetic: my mom has none but I do and I haven't even had a baby yet or gained/lost a huge amount of weight. You just don't know what genes will come out and what won't so you may as well look after your skin. That's my 2p.
i have a 20 month old and found the postpartum apps for tracking feeding etc. to be WONDERFUL! the one i used was called baby tracker, but there are so many out there. you aren't getting much sleep once they've arrived but my doctor kept asking constantly about the details of feeding, pooing etc at checkups and i found it extremely helpful to refer to the app since i couldn't remember anything from day to day. you can track/graph their sleep, growth, everything.
I love the Nuture app. Especially the community section.
Love this confident Fleur showing us her bare belly and bras! 😂 But seriously, so pleased for you and Mike x
Have you read How to grow a baby and push it out?
Fleur, you may want to check out Marks and Spencer as their baby range (especially for baby girls) has improved. They have really cute design for little baby outfits and things including a Peter rabbit collection which is too cute for words! Xxx
We almost the same in amount of weeks. Pregnant with my third baby boy and the last one I will have. Advice is too follow your gut instinct with your baby and yourself always.
The Baby Book by Martha and William Sears is brilliant!!!! \nHaving two children already I would highly recommend to read more about how to care for a baby and not about the pregnancy. Because the baby will arrive and in a few hours you need to figure out how to breast feed, what he wants this time, why does he cries. It may be very stressful.
If your planning on breastfeeding. You must read 'The food of love' by Kate Evans. An excellent read with plenty of funny illustrations that are so relevant but it's not at all preachy and a great one for packing in the hospital bag!
my LO is 8 weeks old, something i wish id have been more prepared for is what to do when breastfeeding fails haha- i hadnt even considered that we might not make it past 6 weeks and had to do as mad dash around for the bottle steriliser, bottles, cleaning solution, cleaning brush. good luck with everything- your best adventure is yet to come. Oh also, dont know if youve tried the asos maternity ridley jeans yet but theyre pretty fab- they almost look like reg jeans for postpartum too xxx
Later on in my pregnancy I needed a belly band to support my belly and back from the extra weight my body wasn't used to. I'd recommend picking one up! I picked one out on Amazon. Mine wasn't noticeable under my clothes.
try loccitane's organic pure shea butter for the belly.  it's organic and fragrance free, and works!
No shame in your book game. As a fellow pregnancy nerd at 19 weeks, I've also read about 7! I'd rather read more and weed out the advice I think is less helpful than just take one person's point of view. I've been looking for a first month style book, so I'll be checking this one out too. 🤓📚
Such a lovely video Fleur! Really useful, maybe it would be nice if you do other videos about your essentials, before and after the baby is born. By the way your hair in this video are so beautiful!!
Pregnancy suits you so much, I've never seen you so happy and glowy! I'm not pregnant but I love the updates 😀
Pregnacare made my sickness/nausea worse. Switched to boots own brand and they were much better.
Are you doing Vlogmas this year as it will be white close to the birth of MINI DE FORCE
Essentials for when you get really big: shoes that you can get on without bending down - I wore wellies for a month 😂. I also had really bad heartburn the last month, so chewing tablets came in handy. \nEssentials for coming home from the hospital: granny panties, maxipads, a stocked frigde and freezer ( including snacks for visitors) we had homemade chili, butter chicken, pies and lasagna for the first two weeks. I was so pleased with my idea. \nOh, and padsickles - google how to make them. And I really wish I had a Squirt bottle in handy. Sorry for the tmi lol\n\nOh  oh oh.. LANSINOH creme saved my life (nipples) and maybe a nipple shield just in case.
will you be doing the baby names tag?
Remember if you plan to breastfeed that it's hard at first, but if you can push through the first few weeks it gets Much easier. You are so adorable pregnant! Best of luck and best of health to you guys!
Please please please can you guys do the “Baby names we love but won’t be using” tag
You are supposed to dip a biscuit in your tea, not a bra strap.  haha.  It's always fun to watch your videos.
I loved the ovia app when I was pregnant, it was definitely my go to app. You can change it as well so it'll show you how big the baby is in games, fruit/vegetables, animals and bakery! You can change the colour of the hand and foot print too so if you're having a boy you can make it blue :)
You look so beautiful...
You are ten weeks ahead of me lol I'm 16 weeks and I'm having a boy.  My essentials so far have been similar to yours. Comfy bras and jeans. Plenty of fruits and veggies since that is all I  can keep down. And I have the what to expect app and the baby center app which I've been loving!
I’m 4 months pregnant and we’re expecting a baby girl too! So i’ve been loving watching all your pregnancy videos 💕
Great video 😊❤️x
I have a 9 week old 😊 and I'd say that my top three essentials would have to be the sleepyhead, snuz pod and mamaroo all three I would purchase again in a heartbeat! Oh and Muslins! People will tell you that you can't have too many and honestly it's true! I love the Aiden and Anais swaddle size ones because they are great for using as a blanket in the house and card seat 😊
My baby is a papaya. Something about the way you said that had me rolling on the floor with laughter! I have a 9 yr old and a 6 yr old and I always found the fruit comparisons so odd. I mean...I'm not going to eat my child...
Fleur\nI am so excited for you and Mike! You guys are gonna be great parents😊
Essentials- full fat coke and coffee- sugar and caffeine will be your friend;) and  big comfy granny pants- just in case of c section, loads of loose pj bottoms/lounge wear. I had packed bloody leggings to come home in- ended up having an unplanned c section and I couldn't even get my foot in them! Nothing tight! x
I would definitely recommend reading up on the science side of breastfeeding and normal newborn behavior (if you haven't already) the Last Leche League have a really good one called the Womanly Art of Breastfeeding which is good to dip in and out of. It has a useful bit at the back with lots of advice about what to do if you have a problem whilst breastfeeding ect. Another book I enjoyed that really solidified my stubborness to breastfeed is the Politics of Breastfeeding which goes into the science but also historical, environmental, economics ect that go along with breastfeeding or not...sorry that is a very bad summary! At times it may make your blood boil as it describes the underhand tactics formula companies use to undermine breastfeeding and to maximise their profits with no regard to the health of mothers and babies. It's a book everyone should read especially if they don't understand why some people are so opposed to formula companies.
Be carefull with folic acid in combination with vitamine B12. Be sure that the B12 is at a good and healthy level because folic can hide a b12 deciency.
Hi Fleur, I’m 25 weeks pregnant now. I tried the Topshop jeans but as you said it kept slipping down with every other step I take. Recently I tried a NewLook maternity jegging and it was very comfortable and well fitting compared to the Topshop one. \nAnd even I love the Ovia app and it’s so exciting to wake up in the morning and read their daily update 😍 \nGreat video btw and happy pregnancy ☺️😘
For when you've had your baby you have to download the wonderweeks app its honestly a life savour !!
Hi Fleur I also read The day to day pregnancy book. It was so interesting and gave me such an in site into what was happening to my body. It came recommended by my sister. She would always tell me to read it and I’m glad I did. Xx
My mom was pregnant in the very early 70s, and there wasn't such a thing as prenatal care in those days (no vitamins either). She lost a few teeth due to it, no joke (because I was taking all of the calcium out of her). I think it's essential to get these vitamins in and I'm glad they do this now and it exists!
You have to take folic acid weeks before getting pregnant.. if you have a folic acid deficiency starting taking it when pregnant is too late and there is a higher risks for you baby to have a spina bifida!
An Ad? Seriously?? Come on.
When you first said me and Dan, I assumed you were talking about Daniel J Layton
Omg Hannah I've commented this before and I am honestly sorry for repeating myself, but if you like your romantic comedy tropes deconstructed, then give Crazy Ex Girlfriend another go!!!  I swear every other favourites video you give me another reason to be sure that it's basically made for you. But, you know, no pressure. :)
Why not make an intro of you reading your book then looking up surprised that a camera is there? Haha. I dunno, it might work?
You hair looks longer because it probably is - they often do that when you have a side part. :-P
IM SO EXCITED TO READ HOLLY’S BOOK AND IM SO EXCITED FOR THE BIRMINGHAM THING YESSS
I saw wicked in the thumbnail and screamed lol💚 who’s your favourite elphaba?
not loving the higher fps used for talking vlogs, theres so little visual information needed in these videos that they always have the feeling of being fast forwarded (esp with hannah's naturally fast paced delivery)\n\ngreat favorites video otherwise!
I loved Holly's book! and those jewellery pieces look beautiful! :)
Omg yes! Share that First Aid Kit love <3
Dear Hannah,\nI want to thank you for a lot of things but I think I'll tell you a story first, so here goes nothing: \nIt was 11:45 or something and we were sitting on the tables because it was breakfast break (we have that at my school). Everyone is really exited because Anderson asked Eva if she wanted to go to dance lessons for the 9th grade dance (we have that at our school too). There is a certain pressure in the room because              everyone is expecting other boys to ask other girls... who do I want to dance with me? I ask myself...without hesitating I already know: Andrew, with the ginger hair who sits behind me. Without thinking twice about it I ask him: are you going to dance lessons? No, I don't have anyone to go with and he turns around, almost in shame, because he can't  pluck up the courage to ask\nanyone. Do you want to dance with me? I ask and I see his face light up...I still don't know if in embarrassment or happiness. Yeah, I'd love to he says. Why? Don't you have a boyfriend? Because I like you...I  a friend way and he's not my boyfriend, he's my best friend plus he's too old for the dance, he'd have to be 4 years younger \n\nLater that day alot of my friends had been asked out to dance, but none of them had asked any boy. Who are you dancing with? They asked me. Andrew. oh, did he ask you? \nNo, I asked him *silence* \nThey didn't seem to get the idea that it was totally fine to ask a boy out! (Not even out, to dance lessons!!)\n\nBut sure enough the girls that weren't asked, asked the boys themselves the next day.\nHooray for empowering women! \n\nI'm telling you this because I think women like you Hannah, gave me the confidence to do my little act of rebellion against societies ideas. \n\nI probably git some stuff wrong and part of its cheesy but I hope I got out what I could. Thankyou Hannah:)
I went to see wicked the same night :) it was my second time and I'm still awed by it. I wish I could live somewhere nearer to London to be able to see more Musicals!
I was wondering why this video seemed hyperreal.  And it was in 1080p50.  That explains everything.
My boyfriend and I are watching House of Cards and we’ve just gotten into season 2 as well! Also, you’ve made me want to finally read The Virgin Suicides.
Stop watching the DC stuff!!!! No representative of America. Please...
haha I think those intros are so cute :P
I love your hair in this video! Cutie.
I once actually had to explain to a guy that the way men pursue women in movies is generally not a good idea in real life.  He thought that was actually how it's done.
Hey!\n\nI've just recently discovered your channel and i love it!\nthe  jewellery.... omg.. i want it. I hope i can find something similar here (i'm from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil).. i looove galaxy and space stuff.\n\nI really love wicked! wish i could have seen it many times as well.\n\nYou could have an amazing intro that is like you.. but you do not need it! seriously!
OMG House of Cards AND First Aid Kit being mentioned in the same video 😍😍😍 First Aid Kit are amazingggg live
Adore Wicked - I've seen it twice in London and I'm really tempted to see it again when the tour visits next year.  Will def be checking out Holly's new book!
That's me too! I feel like i need to get the souvenir programme everytime i watch a musical.... and then i don't actually know what to do with it....
You're videos seem to begin after the beginning. Like YouTube delays your video just a bit, but I can't tell how much\n Stop it or stop them. I want to see all of you and I mean that in every good way.
Where is the jumper you're wearing from? I love it!
The Big Sick made me cry too. Kumail Nanjiani who wrote it with his wife and stars in it is really talented and funny. You should follow him on twitter.
I've been enjoying starting university. So far it's just been a blur of lectures, training, eating and sleeping
Are you planning on seeing It? Or maybe you're not into the horror genre? I think it has a very beautiful cinematography and it was a very good movie, that's why I'm curious :)
The Virgin Suicides is SUCH a great book. I read it in one sitting while sitting on a bench in  park, and it was the most beautiful day.
oh my gooood I saw the big sick on it's release day it's one of my fav films it's so so so so good, glad you liked it too!!!
Yesss, first aid kit! The new single is amazing.
Can you film a video where you show all the books on your bookshelf and mention a few of your faves and why. You have so many books I really want to hear some good recommendations.
Pls don’t rip the page out of the programme, it makes me a little uncomfortable thinking about it 😩
I love watching these vids because some of these things I’ve heard of and some I haven’t, if I haven’t, then they become my favourites. Lol, plus I just love hannah❤️🙏🏼
i NEED to see Wicked again! i saw it a couple of years back and it was honestly incredible, so much better than i expected! love your vids Hannah!
Tickets booked! A great 19th Birthday present to myself - I can't wait :D
So jelly! I've seen Wicked twice and it was my first theatre show that I saw live. I sat in the front row the first time and cried because of how excited I was. Needless to say, I love it. I would have loved to celebrate the 11th :)
I love Wicked so very much 💚
Was nice seeing you at Buffer Fest! :D
I think I will have ti buy Holly's book
You haven't seen IT
I know this is a weird video to comment on this but the quality of this vid is awesome! Like super HD
My friend read The Manifesto On How To Be Interesting by Holly, and then wrote a blog pretty much copying it? And I got so annoyed, like, I was all 'She's Hannah's friend you can't plagiarise her!'😂
Did you get a new camera? I can't really explain it, but you look more...real?
Ohh I went to an inmersive theatre experience as well, based on the works of Silvina Ocampo; in each room of the house you went inside a different story, but the actress was the same, it was really cool.\nAlso hey! You're looking different today (bangs are banging! Very cool), could it be because of beign back on the pill? And would you do a video updating hormone diaries with how you're doing? They were so interesting. If not, that's okay!
The only favourites series off YouTube I watch regularly. Keep on doing your thing, Hannah! x
I freaking love Wicked!! It's so good!!
You're adorable but yaY favorites\nThe bangs look really nice
i haven't watched the last season of house of cards just yet but holy fuck is that A Show™
Get one like the Drunk Advice intro!
I LOVE The Big Sick. One of the best pieces of film I've seen in awhile.
YES I LOVE HOUSE OF CARDS!!!!
Oh the last 2 episodes of OITNB are in my opinion the best .. enjoy
Yes, I’ve seen Wicked 4 times now as well!
I see wicked. I see Hannah. I click.
Omg I loooove Holly Bourne
Show off TV
Your amazing hannah! Great vids
I LOVE WICKED
Ah I love Wicked!! We’re doing it for our school production in summer!
Omg yes love First Aid Kit!
Is the jumper Dodie yellow tho?
BYOI  it's audience participation Improv group,  renaissance  fairs,
You are gorgeous Hannah. :)
Hi
I. LOVE. WICKED.
HANNAH YAY ilysm
Woop! Love these vids ☺️
I think I'm going to have to buy Holly's book!
Robin wright is my BAE!
I love that your comments are about the structure or organisation of an event or show. The way your brain works is so cool and interesting!
we have basically the same haircut ohmygod
Hannah you make me spend money every time you upload a favourites video, we just have identical tastes in everything. My bank account hates you but my retail therapy habit adores you!
I have no idea the what camera you use and why my wifi has finally decided to work.  But this video is on such good quality rn it feels like I'm watching in 3D.  Love it when life just works out 😁
I LOVE The Virgin Suicides movie. Would you say the book is worth it? I'm not sure if I should read it.
The actos name from the big sick is Kumail Nanjiani and I highly recommend his stand up and maybe even more so his twitter. Seriously it's a treasure box! I love that guy. oh and while I'm at it, he's in the show silicon valley. Also amazing.
9:40 is it dodie yellow tho?
I love your rainbow book stacks
Where did you go charity shopping in London? I've been so unlucky this season and I'm sure we're the same size 😣
why is it in a higher frame rate this time? It looks odd to me
Omg my friend played Alice in that play! What a small world 🙊
Genuinely interested- if I now comment that The Big Sick is not a Judd Apatow movie, but was directed by  Michael Showalter and writen by Emily V. Gordon and Kumail Nanjiani (a.k.a. the leading actor and his wife), would that be considered a rude comment? I really want to know, because I am a big Kumail fan and am totally excited for the movie, and was just kind of sad to hear Hannah's mistake.
Aaah I had no idea Holly Bourne was releasing another book, I need to get it asap!
Hopefully you'll do more twitch stuff in the future! Been loving that when you were on :D\n\nAlso this video is great! Love getting recommendations for things from your monthly fav's videos!
I love your type of videos!! You can really tell that you’re not a completely different person off camera! Will continue to watch your stuff! xx
The idea of someone ripping out pages of a theatre Programme pains me. Lol
I work in technical theatre and I had the opportunity to shadow the touring stage manager for Wicked one year. Best experience of my life, that show is amazing!! \nI’ve never had a chance to experience an Immersion theatre show, but I get so excited every time I hear about one. I’m so glad you shared!!
I'm I the only one distressed by the disorganised bookshelf???  :P
I almost fell asleep watching this (because it's late, I'm not bored) so I'm sorry if I missed obvious stuff. I got distracted when a podcast was mentioned. At least I think it was? I go into the description and find no link that seems to go to a podcast. I go to Hannahwitton.com and don't see any obvious links there either, but I do see images of awards won (like a little virtual medal) where the word podcast is written. So, maybe I did hear the word podcast and it wasn't just wishful thinking. So I go back to YouTube (where the video is still playing, but I don't have time because I'm falling asleep in my chair and want to find out if there's a podcast or not before I forget. I go to this channels Om page, which probably is translated to About in English, but find no link there either. I probably should just write a Post it saying to check this tomorrow and review the video, but I forget to read my Post its.
Holly was literally in my school today
Literally just found your account I’m 16 and wondering where I’ve been under what rock to not find you you’re amazing omg ❤️
HOW MANY HOURS DO YOU HAVE PER DAY TO READ AND WATCH ALL OF IT AND LIVE
What time-ish will the event with Holly finish? Just wondering so I can book my train!
hi guys my friend bet me that i couldnt get 50 subscribers by next week please help
You should grow your hair back out.
is it the 13th yet.... God.. i can't wait noo longer!!
running like a dog\nFighing like a female dog
DOWNLOAD  WHATEVER YOU WANT ON ITUNES !   https://t.co/4qIFAlgL7w
This song breaks my heavy heart in pieces 💙
Why dos people dislike this if you don't like this song don't dislike
mew money suit and tie i can read u like a magazine .. she copying singing style to Taylor
I like the track, although I aint sure whether that sounds Jessie J, Kelly Clarkson or P!nk .
i been waiting for so long, and Pink's musics is always the best!!
I'M IN LOVE!!!!!!! I'M CRYING!!!!!! I NEED THE ALBUM NOW!!!!!!!
Never clicked on something so fast! Today has been a very good day ❤️
When I first listened to this I thought it was Just like fire
Can't wait to but her next album
Reminds me of her early work. Love it.
So strongly song produces made!well-done,Max Martin!
Better than What About Us.
I'm a Japanese.\nI'm fifteen.\nP!nk is my god.\nI love her very much.
The second it started I got a Just like fire vibe
Play until it gets a million 😍
Her voice sounds like Stevie Ray Vaughn's guitar.
I'm just wondering why is it that all this singer's need a triangle some were in front cover or an eye wtf
Is it just me or does the beginning sound so much like Just like fire
wow this is so beautiful :)
But it's always darkest before the light🎀
Totally dig the chorus transition. I was not expecting that. Really good jam!
Hey check out my music video ;-) x
Why do i feel like this song's gonna be in the shape of water..
Can’t wait till she comes to Australia so my mum, other friends and I can go and see her live at a concert(PS im 11 if you were wondering)
Why does this sound so familiar on some parts 🤔❤ Love it
for some reason the font and art makes me feel like i'm reading a book that came to life
Her best song yet 💟
Please check out the music on my channel and let me know what you think!
More than an artist, a role model to follow! Love her since the beginning. Helped me go through lots of shit in my life, will never be thankful enough xx
Beautiful her best one so far on this album
I liked it ! You're increduble P!nk
This should be a hit!
Beautiful Trauma is the best of the 3 known songs so far. Hope there is some rockier stuff on it as well. Dont want her to sound like Katy Perry.
There's something nobody can fight, but can only pray. To West, Sink is actually live again on the East when Britain is considered as the head, East currently pretty much Communism being kept by the western hidden supporter. Morons, all of you. Sink is going from a better place to a worse place on earth. On the East in the ancient time, Sink was live again on the West. There's also Die in German. Flat world is good for everybody.
I'm just going through a hard times with my second half, It's a very powerful lyric for me right now
Great song! I am a very big fan of you from Belgium so I hope that you'll come to Belgium for your tour! fingers crossed  <3
AMAZING <3 P!nk is the best ever
This Song is magical💖✨
Childhood fan, but this new sound is flat and nothing is really memorable, remember the good old days with songs like trouble? Music industry is crap nowadays 😢
3:16 Love that high note!
GUYs LISTEN... I will subscribe to all of those who will leave a reply here...\nbut be sure to subscribe me back...\nI swear -- trust me... this is how I reached 90k subs...\nalso subscribe to others who reply here... thanks guys...
Does anyone else hear sweet child o'mine in the chorus?
This is such a beautiful lyrics video. I love the colors and the art and the way it all flows together.
I love this song ❤️
So far I'm loving the theme of her new album. It's really amazing and inspiring and real. Has she been going through a tough time? It's almost like thank you for this horrid time because it shaped me and made me evolve. Great message.
My future kids better appreciate my music taste when i show them all of pinks songs and albums cause pink is just incredible ❤ i mean who in the world does not like pink  😌
What a strong back Pink
so good indy
Queen is back!!! 🔥👑💗💗💗
Beautiful
i love this <3
I LOVEEE
Okay
QUE MÚSICA FODA !!!
Great song
P!nk is 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
pink caralho o poder best
Belle bo musique
memories.of.a.life.ls memories.of.scars.created.by.you.ls
QUE MULHERÃO DA PORR* RAINHAAA ❤️❤️👑
Brazil😍😍😍😍
bop af
PINK YOU ARE WONDERFUL
Awww 😊
Yass qween
Trailer https://youtu.be/GQpJNyVLzQE
gold ♥
P!nk whyyyy!? All your new songs r soooo good 😭 ❤❤❤
Eminem feat p'nk next song ❤
Go P!nk 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Love it!!!
Squirell Craig here
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
❤️❤️❤️❤️
#PortugalLovesYouToo
❤❤❤❤❤❤So good
M~wah to pink😙😘
Perfection!!!!! aaahh
Love it bebbeh
Anyone else so so happy Pinks finally back?
Love it! Thanx pink,such emotion! Wow amazing ❣
Amei a música
😍😍😍😍
Try, part 2.
La mejor 😍😍😍😍😍
música linda. Amoooo 💙
La amo tanto, que hermosa canción 😍😍😍💜
Nike si hablas español :v , Charlie Puth How Long new song go hear it now !!
Esto me encanta!. The Best!. <3
Éste álbum me está gustando un buen
Por fin!!!!! se terminó la espera!!!!
Carambaaaa....bagaço tbm com essa musica viu...assim fica dificil escolher uma playlist que nao tenha somente musicas dela...dificil
Mds eu amo tanto vc mulher ❣️❣️❣️❣️ a melhor cantora que esse mundo já viu ❣️❣️❣️❣️
Garota, o Brasil te quer MUITO!!!\nVOCÊ COMO SEMPRE SENDO FANTÁSTICA!!!
AMO ESSA SUA VOZ,SUAS LETRAS E MÚSICAS. BRASIL TE AMA E VÊ SE ME FODE PiNK!  💙
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
I love this song but it reminds me of paramours
OMG! This is the best!!
I love her! Step mom love that movie!!
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ said only believe, that He is the Son of God.*\n*He will give you the free gift of eternal life*\n*He will also heal your body!*
This basically proved to me that I don't know a LOT of Julia Roberts' movies. And I'm okay with that.
😂😂 she's so beautiful
some of the greatest movies ever Thank you Julia!
the best actress in the world
I love My Best Friend’s Wedding so much 😂
The best female romcom protagonist for 90s babies
She had a hard time keeping it together. LOL that was awesome!
What about August: Osage county
Wow. I never realised Julia Roberts was in so many movies I never cared about.
They forgot Dying Young or did i miss it?
Notting Hill and Pretty Woman her best films by far.
Love the steel magnolias one 😂😂😂😂 and that step mom wig made me LOL.
I have heard that this guy is a right arsehole in real life
Lovely moments in there James.
THERE'S HOPE FOR AGING😍
Loved that video James u are one in a million adore u❤ watch u here in Australia always....👍\nJulia Roberts 🌹\noct 7th
I think she rules in every possible way !
You can tell she's American. Look at the size of that mouth.
Was literally watching pretty women an hour ago.what a world?!
James' impersonation sounds so much like Tom Hanks.
My Best Friend's Wedding is my fav Julia Roberts movie. ❤️
I love that line from Pretty Woman when she goes back to that store!
OMG I KNEW IVE SEEN YOU SOMEWHERE...I'm going to watch Wonder
This guy is good. He should have his own show.
I super love her!!!
Damn, always wearing a damn cardigan
25 out of 25 .
HOOK
AWESOME!
Movie cream write urhbx sudden northeast somewhere bar testing corporation meaningful.
so funny......
They forgot Michael Collins
oh my gosh!!! love it! proper funny!!
Next --> Jake Gyllenhaal
Beautiful.. <3
Epic !!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Late night shows are nigger lovers
They forgot August Osage County!
Video tres drole de julia le plus beau sourire du monde
I love Julia Pretty woman Roberts ❤️❤️
The Stepmother bit was the best.
Imagine if he did this with meryl Streep
She’s still hot
That dude needs a bigger shirt, jesus christ
my best friends wedding was an amazing movie , loved it as a little kid - and love it now as an adult , that one song - evrytime my mum and i listen to it , our neighbors get a free fkin concert xD
His shirt is too fucking tight
I can't understand how anyone could thumbs-down this segment. Everyone of the Role Calls are funny and entertaining!
Julia Roberts is the best
I feel so bad for James Wife and Family
amazing Julia!!!
Memories💜
i love her
Sencillamente !!!! Adorable !!!!!
Am I the only one who cried when Julia did the Stepmom?
I KNEW THEY WERE GONNA END IT WITH MY BESTFRIEND'S WEDDING. IT BROKEEEEEEE ME.
What about the one she was in with George Clooney, Money Monster?
God bless the state of Georgia for creating that woman. Still the finest woman in Hollywood
😌
I want whatever she and Pharrell Williams are drinking.
Go to google and search: Antivirusxxx key. You will find FREE license keys for AVG antivirus companies and it is performing 100%.
I'm sure I'm not the first person to say this, but it amazes me how much James resembles Chris Farley.  I still miss Chris, and seeing JC is almost like Chris is still alive.  I would love to see him do a skit with David Spade, a spoof from Tommy Boy, or Black Sheep.
Julia is a genuine wonderful actress AND human being.  I hope she'll keep getting good roles as she grow older, like Helen Mirren or Jessica Lange ( I know she is younger than them but you get the point)
She’s amazing
I forgot how much I love her!
I knew they would do Closer
Just go to the google search and type: WUMO SEO. It is the most dependable SEO company. They will either rank your web site or offer money-back. I highly suggest them.
The best one was with Arnold Schwarzenegger !
Bet she was upset about Robin Williams death.
Sorry but this is just bad bad bad all of it - and how is this guy funny ? the only place he was funny was in the first clip he did with George Michael, and that only only because George has such a comedic send and timing.
Amazing she is one of my fav actresses 😍❤ love all her movies
