Black eyelashes and blond hair... isn't it weird?
Funny intro! Really loved the energy between you two Lisa. I did notice the new ring additons. They are so beautiful. Always wondering where you find those dashing rings.
I gave away a fragrance by Agent Provocateur to a free box.  ehehehehehehe
What a goddess she is
Wow, she seems so sweet , nice and authentic!
Once the Top Supermodel in the World, some 25 years ago.
Omg one of my favorite supermodel. She's the perfect Bardot.💕
this is a beautiful makeup tutorial and really fast haha I love all of the colours and you are my favourite YouTuber.
I slept with my makeup on last night. Take me out back and shoot me. :D
My younger brother was IN LOVE with Claudia Schiffer back in the day-she is still stunning and I just love her imperfectly beautiful teeth!,
Lisa Eldrigdge's videos are the only makeup tutorials I need and want to see. Love your work!
If only I could sleep in my makeup and look like Claudia when I wake up!
Lisa!!!! thanks SO much for featuring the original supermodels like Yasmin Le Bon and Claudia! Just what I needed after a hard week :D
oh Claudia is lovely isn't she - so articulate, warm and gorgeous  xxxxx
Beauty really comes from within...
Whoa Lisa is taking to the next level . Love Claudia . She's perfect !
Omg Claudia Schiffer is my favorite model ever since I was a little girl.
OMG her skin is flawless i can't believe this.. another lovely collab!
What's Claudia's nail color- so beautiful!
Well that’s what I call an Iconic Tutorial ! Lisa you are awesome 😘
Omg everyone calls me cloudy as well. I'm dying I have the same nick name as Claudia Schiffer 😱😂😍
I am loving this! watching for the third time 😵😍
No the girl doesn't look like claudia... she IS CLAUDIA SCHIFFER ! !! Thanks Lisa, I LOVE IT!
Out of this world 💙
To be honest, I prefer straight view rather than side view.
How iconic is that
Claudia seems like such a nice person!
What skincare range did she say she uses?? Didn't catch it
I wish I could give this a 100 thumbs up 👍👍👍👍 I loved watching it. Claudia ist just gorgeous.
Wow, this was so refreshing and amazing! Claudia and Lisa together are such a great team :)
I love how you are bringing back the legendary 90s supermodels. First it was Yasmin and now it's Claudia. Gosh.. I can't wait to see who you'll invite next!
You should re do the Vogue Cover again. Maybe in an updated version! Could be so cool :D
She is such a beauty, and you make her look even more beautiful!
I LOVE HER RINGS
Can we just PAUSE FOR THE CAUSE!!!! Claudia effin Schiffer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm creeped out look at our last names
I'm pleasantly surprised at how natural Claudia looks! She clearly hasn't had work done but looks amazing! A great example to women.
Hi Lisa love love love your tutorials 😗😗😗😗😗😗. Thank you for making makeup so easy and bringing such an icon on your chanel.
OMG I loved that funny voice at the start LOL
Beautiful Claudia! Natural beauty. She is my fav model . 😘
I love this video Lisa!! Claudia is timeless!!
Could you please make a tutorial of the Gal Gadot Wonder Woman makeup?
She looks so similar to Chelsea handler lol
Lisa doing the Queen's make up probably: Look at me, darling.
Looved the video! The makeup was perfect for Claudia. Loved the lip liner and lipstick!
A Real Beauty !! AT LAST !!! So there are some women in the business that they are not botoxed up their heads! Impessive!!!
I Loke your ring from where you got it
I absolutely loved this video. MY QUEEEEENS.
The original supermodels have not aged, they are goddesses x
She looks sooooooo gorgeous like she was born to do this makeup. wow
youtubers should take tutorials from Lisa. Look how little makeup she needs compared to all the beautygurus !
she looks natural, no botox, no porcelain on teeth.
She’s prettier now than she was 20 years ago!
When does the book release?
Love you both,  but this time what stole my heart was the lipstick. OMG. The whole look, as obvious, it’s stunning.
Watching this video has made my day. Thank you Lisa!!
We did notice your new rings Lisa! The bangles Claudia’s wearing looks pretty too - anyone knows where from?
Shit yeah Lisa's back again!
thank you, Lisa. I enjoyed this video a lot. and I think Claudia's so much more beautiful now that she's a bit older! not that there was anything wrong with her looks ever but I love how her face is so pretty and fascinating with a few fine lines here and there. AND she seems super lovely, too!
I love the way they both speak.
This might sound odd but I LOVE how white & bright the whites of Claudia’s eyes are!! 👀 They contrast incredibly against the smokey eye make up. I also love how when she looks at you while you’re talking Lisa it’s like she’s staring into your soul. Eyes & eye contact are such an important part of body language & conveys confidence & that conveys self worth & beauty to me. 🙌🏻🙌🏻 Beautiful make up as always Lisa. X x
Can you do an Eva Green look?
I love her teeth! They bring more character to her face with the very slight imperfection, and I think it looks so much better than the uniformed smile of every other celebrity. That smokey eye looks so gorgeous and effortless on her, yet another stunning work by Lisa!
I really appreciated seeing Claudia as she is, a beautiful 47-year-old woman without filters. Absolutely lovely, and spectacular makeup, again, by Lisa. Thank you - perfection!
Her skin looks absolutely amazing! Lovely video and makeup look!
Claudia looks unbelievable
<3
Wow, incredible!!!
Intro...too adorable!!
Monica Bellucci please!!!!!
Wowzers!
😱😱😱😱😱
She's gorgeous
Stunning 😍❤️
She is gorgeous ❤️✅
stunning, just incredible!
Wow, she looks gorgeous!
She is divine!
OMG!!!!! Claudia is timeless! Just like yesterday! Gorgeous!
Who next, Naomi CaMPBELl?? SHREK?????
New rings!
👍✳️👍✳️👍
Flawless model!\nFlawless makeup!\nFlawless makeup artist!\nFLAWLESS! \nx x x
Claudia i adore you
Claudia Schiffer seems that aged so naturally without botox and derma fillers.. Just so Gorgeous as well as Lisa another gorgeous lady!!
So pretty Claudia. natural, fresh, super.
Lisa, I love your channel, but your content feels skewed. I’d love to see more women of color (and darker skinned models) featured. Not to do so seems tone deaf to all that’s going on in the world. Thanks.
I wish Lisa's comments session wasn't dominated by criticisms of other YouTubers. You can compliment Lisa without bringing others down. If you don't like them, why watch? (Fun video btw).
Hi Lisa, where do you get your rings? I have been obsessed with them since I started watching your videos! x
We love this time of year!  Happy Nostalgia-Ween!\nGrab a signed IT (2017) Nostalgia Critic title card here - https://theawesomestore.com/index.php?dispatch=products.view&product_id=30000\nSupport this weeks charity - https://afsp.org/
not really sure how i feel about a mass shooting joke one min into the review
Is that supposed to be Richard ayoade?
Was anyone else annoyed that the MTG hand did not include a land...
Absolutely loved this review!!!! The thoughts and scenes were spot on with how I felt!!!! Amazing job!!!! You guys really worked hard on this!!!
I just read on the wiki what happens with beverly in the sewers....
This was a very good review. The new one is better with some things like better kid actors and not censoring tons of things but it’s definitely not the incredible movie people expected
I like how the headless boy is Miles from Outlast
I am SO glad I didn't punish myself through the new version of IT.  You can't have Pennywise without Tim Curry.  There is no substitution.  There is no replacement.  Tim IS Pennywise.
They really got Tim Currys It wrong. He didn't sound British. He sounded like an angry taxi driver from Brooklyn.
Come on could we lay off the Stranger Things references, there is room for other movies and shows with that trope. And you can’t say what you will about this movie at least the kids in this didn’t run a train on Bev like in the book. No seriously read the book while still in the sewers right after killing Pennywise Beverly offers herself to all six boys in the group and they all have sex with her, 11 year old kids all of them too. You want disturbed and creepy, there it is!
boy, opening with a skit where a character fires a weapon into a crowded theater. coming off the vegas shooting story this seems...a little insensitive? plus it wasnt that funny.
If I had to choose I'd give the better win to Tim Currey cause he was funny yet creepy.
I appreciate the effort (which is a lot i can tell, making videos is not easy feat) but seriously i dont like this types of acted reviews, they are kind of distracting to me.  Maybe a little bit its ok, but the whole thing seems overwhelming to me.  I just want the guy talking about his opinion about the movie.
I used to love your videos but , oh my god this is bad
How the fuck do I not know this channel, this is amazing. Good funny entertainment that makes no sense!
They fucked, in the book.
Great impression of 2017 IT accent.
I kind of like how it was all over the place. When a director walks a fine line I feel like it's more predictable.
hahah... gun violence at a live performance joke...
did sk have a bad time with someone from a shrine?
You know want be cool for part 2 IT to have both of them together in one movie . I love this though 😄 just finished your video it was hilarious good work those two clowns were the best and the actors for the little kids
I legit liked the vid though. I avent seen any of your stuff in awhile ima start watching again because of this
i lost it at the Tommy wiseau scene
Richie was definitely the best character in the movie, but you can't say Eddie wasn't a big part as well, they both made the movie for me
Respect the classics man \nI'll never forgot the original but I agree the new one is better \n I loved IT , but anytime some one says pennywise I always think of Tim Curry's version first , IT is an icon
I said when i saw the trailer for the new it, it made the old it look like a kiddie movie ((AND I'VE NEVER SEEN THEM!))\nbut now watching this the IT'S LOOK STUPID!
That opening skit with the gun feels in terrible taste considering Las Vegas happened not too long ago. I mean mass violence is normal for the US, but still.
I threw a Rock at him!
So umm... She murdered her dad. What happens with the body.
I was surprised by how shocked I was at the machine gun firing into a crowd at the the beginning of the movie... a little untimely.
I'm so glad you acknowledged the meme of dancing Pennywise.
It (2017) has flaws. But it's cool
THE sponsor Side video made me cry😭😭😭😭😭
Wait...So does the whole adult half of the story just not happen in the new movie?
The only part that scared me was that flute lady painting thing xD
Love the Batman TAS reference throughout.
I really enjoy NC's videos, but it does annoy me sometimes how he generalizes what people's general opinions on a movie. I don't think most people were or are saying this is one of the best movies ever made. It just happens to be a mainstream horror movie that's actually not a dumpster fire.
Doug man, you really need to brush your teeth.
A lot of effort. Thanks.
On top of Richie being cool, he is also acted by Finn Wolfhard (From stranger things)
Please stop reviewing stuff if you don't have any actual footage
IT'S STEPHEN KING TIME!
I didn´t notice that you were also making a reference to the Batman episode I almost got it, with all the villains playing poker. Good point, Doug, bravo...!
That guy would be exterminated in a magic match tho
That running part was way too played out. Like the scared form IT
Completely disagree regarding tone. I'd say it's a black comedy/horror blend of a film, and the comedic elements make the scary elements that much scarier.
I think that's why the balloons in the original IT were supposed to be scary, it was an announcement to Pennywise's presence and a build-up in itself, even if it was done a lot better in this version..
To be honest, I haven't seen the movie, but every time I saw the dance scene I thought someone photo shopped the clowns head on a different dancing clown, and laughing. Now that I know that this is ACTUALLY how he danced, I'm confused as to how intimidating Pennywise actually is...
Can u guys sub and link my channel thx
Honestly I liked how over the top some of the sillier moments got. It was a nice way to even out tension and relax a little after some intense scenes, so the film could build up the tension for the next scary moment.
Doesn't the nostalgia critic qualify as nostalgia by now?
Best review I've seen of yours yet!
It's universally agreed upon that The Simpsons didn't hit decline until Season 9.
All the jokes about if you like this you like it all. Or if you don't like this you hate it all. Got so God damn old so damn fast. Find a different way to get your point across dude
I like the batman reference
Nastolgia critics impersonation of bill skarsgard has me dying that shit is fucking off the charts hilarious
Is the audio for headphones a little messed up?...or is it just me
MEME ME\n\nthe #1 hit song of all time
Subscribe to Oliver the cat plush
I wonder why he didn't do a old vs new of IT
am I the only one who thought richie was a young quagmire
When the movie comes out,please review 12 feet deep.
can someone tell me what happens to Beverley in the book????
Hey Channel Awesome you should have this review on Audience Screening. that would be I may say awesome. :D
Comedy vs Threatening\nWhich to choose?
Casual mass shooting at the start of the episode. Dope.
well the chart says...
If anyone want's to know about Betherly's realitionship in the book, please resond
To be fair it was a really good horror movie
The gun in the beginning was a modified Nerf Longshot\n\n\n\nUmm... Nobody cares?
This must’ve been so fun to shoot, and it was even better to watch! Great review!!
The gun joke is in excessively poor taste especially after the Las Vegas shooting...
That's a preety good joker impression
hahahaha love the intro and yes what wonderful time of year way better then christmas
Memories of las vegas at the start
Doesn't a certain amount of time have to pass before it's considered nostalgia? ?
Am I the only one in this comment section who loves Evil Dead?
The dancing scene may have been ridiculous, but to be fair unlike the original or even the book, Pennywise the DANCING Clown actually dances in this version.
I think everybody knows why they're called Channel Awesome...
That check the book thing was amazing. First time I've ever been glad a movie didn't perfectly go with a book.
That's pretty dedicated of Doug to go all the way to Las Vegas just to film the opening.
Loved the review 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻😂
Is it normal it sounded like shaggy
Moment I saw this vid \nMe: YAAAaAAaAaAaaAaAaAaaA!!!,!,!,!!!!!!!
Tom Wisseau really caught me offguard LOL
nostalgia overload
TRENDING BOIS
Ah the Room trope.
Great credits dialogue!
That Tommy Wiesau joke fucked me up! xD
Moss!
Triggered
AWWUUBBABBABAA!
WA-HA! WA-HA! WA-HA!
Hmm nice litty intro
WHERE ARE YOUR GRESSY NAPKINS
nice Ghostbusters reference
Why the fuck is this so cringy?
What was the actual relationship at the end.
I have the Sony Xperia XA Ultra and it has a 16mp selfie cam and 21 main camera it's the best camera out there, better then the leading smartphone brands
Marques back at it again, speaking the truth and clearing things up ;P
Snapdragon 835 supports 32mp single camera and dual camera setup of 16mps, how oneplus using soc835 to run one camera lens of 16 mp and another of 20mp? Please explain this
887 people from the press hit the dislike button.
Are the DxOMark scores for mobile on a different scale/index to those of the more professional cameras? \n\nCos, I find it hard to believe that the difference between the Pixel 2 camera and the Red Helium is just 10 points - especially since these scores are relative measures. I mean, the difference between the Note 8 and the Pixel 2 is 4 points!
So it's more like benchmark rather than a percentage
Of the last 20 videos most are based the subject of cell phones... Is there no other tech subject to cover or showcase?
Thank you for your explanation, this is what consumers really need to know and understand.  And I have to say that the v30 is a beautiful phone. Oh, and thanks for trying to make us better, more informed consumers! :)
Great video! I‘m impressed
So my question is why not add all the categories then divide for an average? That way if you're camera is the best overall then it will have the best score.
So what’s a zero on their scale? Is there some benchmark they compare against?
Do more informative videos like these. It's one of the best videos you've ever made.
Definitely one of your best videos. Absolutely tore it up in this one 👏👏👏
What do you think about one plus 5T......it's happening?
I'm confused how's a smartphone camera overall score about 10 points lower than professional camera.
Thank you for this video. This really cleared some things up for me.
this why i love this guy, he is super honest and straight forward.
Great video - you shoud go in this direction and make more such movies where you go deeper - best regards :)
5 mins. Bokeh scores the same. Otherwise, great video, again.
I wasn't even aware of the myth, but really enjoyed your debunking of it. :)\nGreat vid. As always
There should be more explained videos
Dude can you explain why Apple chips are faster than Snapdragon
In my opinion, this has been your best video yet.
Bruh, like you're just the GOAT of tech/quality videos! I can't get enough.
Pixel 2 is much better than I phone X
No one give a shit about dxomark .Im in love  with lg v30 camera
U should do the same, MKBHD standard - testing, ur testing will more objective and who knows it might be the thing
Let me put this straight: This is the kind of video nobody can beat Marques in. Nobody.
Engadget, Android Authority, Apple and Google - All roasted in one video
Why don't u review mi smartphone  please do the review of mi A1 help needed , as I am confused between mi A1 and Moto G5s plus . Please help Thank you
The media controls everything, not just DXO scores.
This is the fastest iPhone we've ever made\nlol
This reminds me a lot of Rotten Tomatoes.
I always thought that the phone scores and sensor scores were measured differently so it is not fair to compare across the two different scoring systems. Am I wrong?
Hi Marques >> My name is Mortada and I'm international student here in NYC >> Do you think that I can take a selfie with you someday? That will mean a lot for me :)
STOP IT, GET SOME HELP
Hi Marques, you do a great job with the reviews, love your videos.... Can you please do a review on Fastest wireless charger... keep up the good work
If you are into cameras you will know that DXO mark scores doesn't tell you the reality of performance
Apple and Sammy rushed in with a lot of money... LOL 😂😂🙏🏼
Completely agree. It's similar to how the latest chips with the highest clock speeds and number of cores doesn't mean that they'll run the fastest in practice. And how the batteries with the highest mWh doesn't guarantee the longest battery life, even with all other specs being almost identical like screen resolution, OS version etc.\n\nThat's why I admire how Apple does things. They focus more on what's important for the consumer and not what's important on the spec sheet. Like creating an excellent 1080p display vs creating a not excellent but still good higher resolution display, because most content on mobile is still on 1080p anyway, and a higher resolution would benefit a larger display much more like a computer or TV monitor. For people who stream videos using data too, most of the time it's 1080p, or else the data will be drained soo quickly.
Well, thank god, I don't pay attention to  this DXO score and never really cared. I stopped caring when a few years ago, a phone claimed to make a better picture than an iPhone 6S by some score. Made 3 pictures with that particular phone, and I thought it was crap and the camera app itself was crap as well.
Hahahahaha!! This is the fastest iPhone ever made! Hahahaha Stop it Man I wish I could like this video 100 more times!!!
So the Pixel 2 is only off by 10 points from the Red Helium?
Now that's the REAL THING...AWESOME
The only score I care for camera is dpreview gold badge and rating
Funny how that engadget video doesn't seem to exist anymore, hmmmmm interesting.
Galaxy for portrait camera? You're joking right? Compare selfies on both phones and say that again.
objective as always keep up the good work
Lmao! Loved this vid. Thanks for clarifying this. Hopefully the press will start to understand this now.
This is legit a great video
Honestly at this point most cameras are good enough for me. Glad someone like you though goes so deep into it and can explain it to my dumbass.
THIS MAN KNOWS HIS STUFF 👏👏👏👏👏
Now you know, and knowing is half the battle\nGreat video Marques.
I love you Marques.
ive been waiting for this
Damn!! this is a really informative video. If there was DXOmark rating for tech Youtube channels I am quite sure you would always be the highest rated :) \n..keep up the brilliant work.
You make of simple things, complex things so you can explain simple things in a complicated way.
I don't care about cameras since I hardly take pictures; just here for the thorough explanation. I wasn't disappointed.
When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure
This is exactly why I have been watching your video review for years now. Thank you making this video. Thanks to you I will no longer sounds like an uninformed fool bragging about the latest DxOMark because I heard or read from others fools.
Yeah.. I'm still waiting on dxomark to test LG V30.
Very well done video as always. One note though shave that mustache, I don't know who I should look at between you two
i learned alot from your videos keep up the good work thank u.
I was waiting for this video😍😍😍😍
Love you Mkbhd! This was amazingly informative
this guy is a genious
It's probably the best review website for smartphone cameras available on the Internet right now, but people are misusing a whoooole lot.\nThanks for the explainer Marques, you are right on the money.\n\nYou basically cannot have a single score that is completely representative of camera quality because not only there's a whole ton of variables and a whole ton of photography needs, you also end up with some pretty subjective stuff mixed in between.\n\nFor instance, some people might find a color profile that is completely uncalibrated over a perfect calibration. Ever wonder why people use filters so much? There's a miriad of factors that work just like that. Even a broke down score sheet with several different judging factors is leaving out a whole lot of stuff that matters.\n\nAnd even outside all that, people should know that you can get some pretty awesome smartphone cameras in smartphone that will give you a pretty bad experience in everything else. This isn't happening so much these days since features have plateaued quite a bit, but I do remember hybrid smartphones of the past that tried to make plenty good cameras, but ended up with a smartphone that was really annoying to use and carry around.\n\nFinally, let me add just one bit about YouTube reviews in general... people should know that what you see on YouTube regarding videos and photos from cameras might not be good enough for reviews. Simply put, YouTube compression has a major influence over it. Not saying it shouldn't be done, not saying they aren't helpful, but much like review websites caveats, it's something to know about so you don't completely rely on one source or another exclusively and end up with a bad device as result.
Marques, you are absolutely brilliant!! Your research is second to none.
my boy Marques W O K E !!!
Sounds like  your phone didn't get a good score.
You have just told the TRUTH right there👏👏👏
My phone has a DxO Mark rating of 2
The video should be called- DxOMark Smartphone Ratings: Exposed
Friends please like subscribe and share !!!\nFriends I need your support a lot to develop my channel
WHO ELSE IS NOW HEARING ABOUT IT
he worries about the technology, not the brands themselves, I think that is one of the reasons why it has become one of the main references in terms of technology, continue that way marques, in the world of technology you are the reason in the chaos, greetings from dominican republic, peace
could u gimme a iPhone 8
blast them clickbaits!
Thanks for explaining!
wow!
Incredible tech reviewer and video maker!
True
Bold & Brave
Mj says it all.. lol!
Thaaaanks! ✌
Burn!
Sounding like a conspiracy theorist
Awesome
Diss track on Engadget.
great, neutral, informative video!
Very well explained.
awesome video quality
Engadget just got roasted!
did he just owned engadget?
good explanation!
DxO link is broke
Marques.. do Light L16 review
the crispy memes
Nokia 8 Review Please !
Looks like adding numbers up to over 100 is something unthinkable to most americans.
Omg she is so gorgeous and reminds me of my ex :(
It's not Soccer it's Football.. TQ Daisy 😍😍
i got kind of restless watching this. i think this guy REALLY needs a proper stabilizer and this felt scripted. im not going to dislike but id rather have a standard interview lol
So whats the biggest thing you've learnt about the movie industry , Um to stay the fk away form harvey
Mr robot is not on Netflix it's only on Amazon prime
She’s an Arsenal fan. As if she couldn’t get any more perfect.
Wow, that apartment is nicer then my entire house. Daisy must be making bank or the hotel manger like her face to much.
Gail Gadot is at this level of razzle dazzle personality, but I can't think of anyone else at the moment. (Female) I'm going to drink three containers of French press and pretend for 20 minutes we have something in common before I keel over. Hell, I would have settled for Thelma Ritter.....
The guy asking questions is like the dude from Bang Bus but without the banging.
Favourite colour: Grey... Rey wears grey in the Last Jedi... therefore Rey is a GREY JEDI! Confirmed!
Aren't we suppose to hate her because she's white? Using her while privilege and all to get famous? Oh wait, it's ok because she's a female right? Sigh...hard to keep up with the ever changing identify politics.
She should play Snow White in a live action remake 😍😍😍
Question #74 What did Harvey Weinstein's penis taste like?
I love Daisy, but He's choking now muhfucka its hes choking, how?
And she swears like a sailor too!??! A woman after my own heart!
I was really hoping they'd bring up Chaos Walking
Wasn't getting the porno vibes yall keep talking about until the dude went ...show me ;) after she said she can speak french and the way he said how do you drink this tea ;)...mans needs to calm down lol
i'd fuck the shit out of her mailman.
Daisy Ridley has the most cutest smile I've ever seen in my life and she is so beautiful and so nice I love her so much when she plays in Star Wars 💙💜😎😇😀💚👍
She's a gooner!! I love her!!!
there not even the right lyrics to Eminem ya dumb bitch
id put my wiener in that
The random friend on the phone is the Aussie from pitch perfect
I love her so much
MY FAVORITE COLOR IS GREY TOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Okay.....i HAVE to marry her.
i was head over heels until she mentioned arsenal #FUCKARSENAL
oooh.. 3 tv series i would be afreaid not get too as well
Why does this look like the beginning of a porno....
Clearly I haven’t watched enough porn, cause I never got that vibe from this video? lol
the song was lose yourself
Reminds me of the casting couch
Love her acting, she also seems genuinely cool in real life. Let’s pray to God Hollywood doesn’t ruin her...
She is cute as a speckled pup in a little red wagon.
Is this the intro to Girls Do P...
I love her dress
I legit went on Netflix to see if Mr robot was there....\n\n\n\n\n\nit wasn't :(
Daisy Ridley - beauty is something that you have left behind with that heavenly smile.\n\nAnd İ am Tottenham fan, who only can be converted by you!!!
Daisy is like super cute and beautiful. Just don’t love she it’s imposible!
Nooooo she's an arsenal supporter
Pretty enough girl but so obvious having zero endowment is a big reason why she's cast
Everytime I see a video like this I expect it to turn into a porno
I'm in love...?
Her “saying whats in the Last Jedi at the end if the video”😂😂😂
When I saw the first teaser trailer I smiled because I remembered how much enjoy some of these characters. Than I remembered Adam Driver was going to be in it again as well and I grew sad.
she really should have been cast as laura croft tho
What is your favorite soccer team?\nfootball?? Arsenal\nsuch a cool lady..
She's a child of the force
I'm in love.
Do it with the cast of pretty little liars 😊
When you find out she's an Arsenal fan -.-
What I wouldn't give to go back to sleep and be so shallow as to find this video deep and meaningful like 99% of you do.
wtf is this? How much did they pay Daisy Ridley?
She would make the perfect lara croft
Hollywood if you ever ruin Daisy Ridley I will come over there and smack you all with a phonebook >:c
That ending was funny. It would've been funnier if they didn't censor her saying f***ing mind
she reminds me of a younger Lena Headey, anytime else?
At 2:46 Has anyone got her described herself in three words, I didn't get the first one.
*Why aren't you Lara Croft in Tomb Raider? I heard the same rumor and I was so excited.*
Her phone is jacked up.  On another note, Daisy is extremely beautiful.
Aw! Daisy Poppy and Rose, that's so cute
SHE'S AN ARSENAL FAN?!?! NOOOOOOOOO
she copied me! I cracked the screen on my phone first! This girl is in Kingdom Hearts 3 as a Secret Character that is incredibly hard to access.
your making millions and can't buy a new screen for your phone..  7:36
I thought she seemed cool and beautiful before but man, I'm crushing on her a little after this!
Nice girl, bad taste in movies.
I watch way to much porn.\nI thought I was watching casting couch.
I hope one is, Do you know what a Mary Sue is?
Scripted but damn she’s so hot!!
Wonder how many Jew dicks she had to suck to get that role.
This feels like an intro to a porn.
Does she like sand?
Clickbait. This interview is with Keira Knightley...
Flat titties
Porn plot? 😂😂
she is cute af
73 questions with Adolf Hitler?
That ass !!!
ugh arsenal?
Keira Knightley
Favorite color is grey?!\n\n\nHMMM, HINT, HINT?!
Arsenal ..... WTF.
Wow, I never realized how much Daisy looks like Kiera Knightly!
The Kylo lightsaber spin
Ugh she likes Arsenal...
Thats a BLOKE frens. Welcome to hollyweird.
Mr Robot on Netflix...
She's amazing so absolutely gorgeous
0:05 ello!
Arsenal hell nahhh
Worst interview ever.
SUSHI!! 🍣
CHAOS WALKING CANT WAIT
keira knightley
Liked her till the Arsenal thing...\n#WengerOut\n#COYS
Nice butt.:D
73 questions with Kylo Ren.
No knickers huh
Bro Eminem? Daisy is fucking awesome 😂
They one word not bleeped during the Last Jedi spoilers was fucking lol
Is Male birth control being made by bacteria?
Mother nature at its best!
I know my drugs come from a fun guy (fungi).
The one question that'll get you kicked out of the D.A.R.E. class days in school
i had penicillin once i almost died
That high pitched voice is killing my ears.. Bruh
When a mommy drug and a daddy...
We have the cure to cancer
I know where mine come from!
The guy on the corner duh
I get mine from the alley next to the loaf and jug on cleveland road
Don't ask questions you aren't prepared to hear the answers to. All you need to know is he's behind the alley Tuesdays and Thursdays at 6
They come from over there
I was interested in this video, but this girl's voice is to painful to bear.
And there's also weed!
Ayy Minnesota gang where you at
I was hoping this video would lead me to a plug
my drugs come from the ground aka medical weed
Drugs come from biggest cartel,usa government lab agency then mexico gang banger come second.
Doesn't that mean I've been taking drugs all this time?
who knows that stinky microorganisms' socks can end up in a pharmacy market.
l Ask the c.i.a. thanks
God, this was dumbed waaaay down. Shoot me!!!
Where do drugs come from?\nHeaven
Our drugs come from Mexico. Build the wall.
so humans also have a really great immune system\n\nnow what if a superior species starts cutting us up because of how effective our immune system is?
Thanks again for your help with this I will have to make a decision on the payment for Christmas I really want you guys to come over and play with my hair cut this short notice but I really want to know if you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are racist 😚 you guys are
They come from Satan, obviously.
You have a lovely voice!
Of course they are coming from Colombia ha ha
00:12 that yellow flower looks like flowey, that might explain why its so evil
Hey My Friend is a Fun-Guy
Now once human beings wipe out 99.99% of all living things off the face of the planet through pollution and climate change, we wont have any new organisms to source our drugs from.
You need citations or its fake. 7 out 10 sounds fake. You should say like 73.2432937416344789442379864324 %
So is this how Xanax is made
co-opting for more medications…how innovative…
Hey I have a question that I thought of during school..... Why is most paper white? Like why can't we use black paper and white pencils?
Ass is a drug. Right?
So all of drug is natural medicine?
2:01 \nI didn't know plants made plane medicine.
well now you know nature chemical battlefield, and also humans already develop the best way to kill each other as well, it's the nuclear weapon
I take pills for heart worm don't know how I got it but it hurts as hell 😥
If most drug chemicals came from mother nature why are my family members dead after taking so many drugs while I keep on kicking strong because I never go to a doctor, get vaccinated, and smoke marijuana(A Plant)?... *because this video is a lie*
Jon G. Is my guys for ummm.. Pharmaceuticals...
i knew that eating dirt in kinder was healthy!
so if im sick can i just eat a spoonful of dirt to cure it?
Kratom can help cure the opioid epidemic in the United States and the rest of the world! #savekratom #teamkratom #iamkratom #wearekratom #aka #bea
don't they come from Poppy Adams in Cambodia?
Like the so useful Metmorfin; that has made life easier and saved so many lives for diabetic patients. And was nearly lost to humanity because the plant that naturally makes it was extinct in it's natural habitat, but was found on private gardens. And now the drug can be produced synthetically.
The anthropocene is destroying nature’s pharmacy. What a destructive waste of priceless resources.
how to get drugs\n\ndon't do drugs kids, please
I first saw this on podcast.
Come on. The guy down the street is charging me a fortune and your telling me a teaspoon of dirt can get me my drugs
Drugs come from tokyo and seoul
Drugs come from ignorant arrogant paranoid schizo humans. Medical/pharmaceutical science is opposite of suicide. It creates imbalance of nature taking life before its naturally appointed time or pushing life forward past its naturally appointed time. Creates over population, increased pollution, disease is natural and will adapt to new cures making stronger meds less useful at curing disease. People should learn to deal with reality. I know some science means well but it has,is and will lead to more problems for all existence on planet earth not just humans. Maybe more naturally produced cures better diets and exercise should be all that is needed
I just realized in the end\n\nALEX REICH\nHENRY REICH\nPETER REICH\n\nwill this soon happen?
I actually thought this was about recreational drugs and where they get produced...
You know you're fucked when your microscope catches fire.
Perfect I am doing a drug projects
too bad penicillin has been useless for decades now
im working as pharmacist and i can say its not that simple. out of 10.000 chemicals compound, probably around 1 or 2 are feasible for pharmaceutical use. this research alone usually takes around +10 years and cost around 10 million USD.
Sub to my channel
Millions of people will see this and still think herbal medicine is absurd. Most of your prescription drugs are just an extract from these same plants that people have used for thousands of years.
I get mine from blacks.\n\n\n\n\nBlack's Pharmacy. I apologize for nothing.
Drugs come from God dummie
Do drugs kids
Billions of years? Polonium halos, dinosaur soft tissues
Molly Percocet.
My homie Jose!
Xan gang where u at
This shits so fucking boring...
My families business
Ur voice is cancer
Drugs come from capitalism.
Evrybody is playing an eternal Plauge Inc
My Meth comes from Arizona via Sonara  Mexico\n😜
The government
#AllergictoPenicillin
Mexico
Mine come from Amsterdam
EARTH!
Oh. You meant those drugs ..
Mexico
Ergot makes lysergic acid dielethimine
Big pharma dum ass
From 🅱andit
From the plug
From Pablo Escobar.
coooooooooooooooooooooool.
here before 100k veiws
Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs
Does co-opted drugs equate to APPROPRIATED CULTURES
I fucking love science
GOD
Mexico.
Mexico. Obviously.
<SEES DRUGS> *CLICK*
Kingsman 2 reference?
Mexico
El chapo
*I had such a horrible day at school, thank you so much for always making me smile, asapscience! Please upload as many videos as you can, i truly hope i can work hard through my videos and meet you guys one day ! :)*
Because Donald Trump is president.
Why would evolution lead us to have feelings of being anxious? it doesn't help in fact it makes it more difficult because the last thing you want to do is feel anxious in the wild which will kill you
Thoughts from people on using mushrooms to stop anxiety? Also anyone have any thoughts on low dosing oxytosin to treat? SSRI is a no go. It's not for me but a loved one.
Why am I anxious? Maybe cuz I had way too much weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed yo
I get extremely depressed for no reason. I almost hung myself with a belt
I have anxiety, and this helped me feel just a bit better!
Finally .. I'm early BTW also 1 hour late
If god has a plan what's the point of praying? Are you trying to change its mind?
because \n* *deep breath* *\n*N O   O N E   G E T S   M E*
This didn't answer why I can't talk to girls
I have panic disorder. No rhyme or reason for most of my attacks, but add thanatophobia, and it just sucks. Meds do help with putting a block to help me stop a panic attack, though. It’s so exhausting... and scary.
social and general anxiety. I win.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see.\n *THIS IS NOT CLICK BAIT!* Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me *share it* with others. *There's HOPE!* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
Feeling anxiety and feeling anxious are 2 COMPLETELY different things. (At least for me)
This video is so accurate. i love it. It's exactly what I learned in my two hour psych class in 3 minutes.
Why do we laugh random question that I need answers to
They electrocuted mice. That somehow made me irritated at the scientist
This is me everyday
I need help. What is it when you get up quickly and your heart goes up. You go blind from dizzyness (not for long though) \nWhat the heck is it. \nI hate it.
I have an anxiety disorder. i’ve been taking meds but they stopped working. i’ve been so worried that i’m gonna go crazy. :(((( i hate anxiety. i have ocd and depression too
When people tell me to calm down while I'm having an anxiety attack I start to panic more.
what the heck asapscience read my mind.... i have been so randomly anxious ever since college has started...
Hello Greg and Mitch! I'm here because I would like to ask something of you. In most of your videos, you ention studies and experiments. I am a subscriber, with no hate to your channel or you, but when I try to explain the facts to my peers, family, or other friends, they won't believe me unless I have proof other than a youtube video. Maybe, you can cite where you got the information from, or something similar, like out links down below. If you cannot, then I am perfectly fine with the way you are doing your career, and really appreciate all of your efforts!
Panic attacks are so scary for me anyway, that feeling as if you’re outside of your body is so horrible then you feel like you’re going to faint it’s really scary. That’s why I avoid large crowded places which sucks because I miss out on things that I should be enjoying like concerts etc.
I think you were referring to transgenerational epigenetics when you were talking about  the mice. The really cool!! :D
Because you are a pussy an care what people think. Also  all them pills you take don't help.just kill yourself pls
I get major anxiety when I'm on the crosswalk on busy streets and intersections. 😞
Thank you :) As someone with Generalized Anxiety Disorder it is really tough to explain to people how/why a person could be nervous all the time even when there's nothing to be nervous about. Appreciate your informative videos and the tips!
Who the heck is shocking mice to make them afraid of strawberries?
what about the meat you eat
IT'S MINUTE EARTH VS. ASAPSCIENCE!
I'm anxious because of a chemical imbalance that I take meds for. Constantly...
I was sick for 5 yrs, don't wanna go into detail but it was horrifying and everyday was a new pain that left me bed ridden. This past summer I got treatment and am gradually getting better but there's not a day that goes by I don't get anxiety about what if it comes back or what if it happens again. It's a crippling fear and the better I get health wise the more scared I am that it can all come crashing down and I'll be going through it again. I basically got ptsd from that part of my life and I fight those anxious feelings and depressing thoughts each day. Anyone out there going through this I feel ur pain, stay strong!!
Yeah but only for like 22-23 hours a day.
I once got a panic attack in a school bus because we were going up and down very steep hills and making sharp turns while I was on the end of the seat slowly falling off. People were laughing at me. I hate how they didnt take it more seriously than they should have.
Did your voice crack when saying years at 2:03 ?
Count how many times you feel anxious. Everytime that happens, dedicate 5 minutes to practicing music. In one month, you have already dedicated your entire life, you fool!
Good question, TIME TO BE ANXIOUS ABOUT IT
I have Anxiety Disorder. It's horrible
I was thinking I am anxious because I have a general anxiety disorder but then I found out that this is what this video was about. I had to quit working which is the only think that worked to diminush my anxiety levels, I do not feel like puking every day anymore or have to go to the toilet to poop (and hide) several times a day. \n\nI'm taking three medications but I am at the maximum dose of each according to my doctor, they do not work that well but the ones we tried before did not work at all or made me too sleepy.\n\nJust watching this video made me more anxious, I put the 10 anxiety tips in my watch later list because I'm afraid to watch it now and discover I have tried all those tips already.
Why are mental health disorders like transgenderism praised and awarded, called brave but mental health disorders like anxiety, schizophrenia and depression treated?
Can you make a video about derealization?
I’m anxious because I’ll be submitting my university application this upcoming week!
Who here has Generalised anxiety disorder give me a WOOOP!
Am I the only one who heard the voice crack @ 2:04😂😂😂😂😂
Could you please do a scientific video about EFT?:)
Half way through this video I just hoped there was a tips video I could find, I thought to soon THANKS
Answer to the title:\nEverything
Blame all the chemicals they put it fast food you dumb fucks.
I honestly never thought anxiety was this much of an issue for people!? I get how school can stress people out, but most of the time it's over an assignment or essay that was given on a tight deadline. Yes, at times that can be stressful, but to say that it has caused you to experience a mental disease that apparently last up to 6 months??  Really? Most of the time you get a majority of the material to study or in some cases an example of the essay or assignment. I always thought procrastination has been the battle for people in school since if you think about it, isn't putting off something for too long a way of contributing towards the stress of the essay/assignment? Honestly at the end of the day you're stressing of school while people in other places are stressing to SURVIVE, why do people always think their current problem trumps all other problems regardless of how ridiculous it turns out to be.  Work gives me so much anxiety, it takes a lot out of me everyday. I don't know why I even work here... (Is what I imagine people with anxiety feel) my answer  Get a new job.  Problem solved
I had this problem until I realized I had a big, huge TAPEWORM. Seriously. But when I changed to an anti-parasitic diet, my anxiety levels plummeted. Get off the pharms and sugar cause they make you wormy. Eat a whole foods diet like they did in the old days. All the advice modern med gives is dead wrong and the opposite of what you should do. These pharms for anxiety end up making it worse long term because it feeds your parasites, calming down your system, but then they are stronger and your body is more stressed overall. Fat is great at fighting parasites, so we are told not to eat it. Etc. Etc.
it's not useful to tell somebody to just calm down or get over it Very true
It's all chemical? Wow, people like these on this channel continue to tell us that anxiety, depression, suicidal thoughts, etc. are caused by some sort of chemical imbalance. I've talked to numerous people on medication with these problem and I ask why the pills arent fixing it. No answer so far. Why don't we just fix the 'chemical imbalance' in us and the depression will go away? Because it's more than that! These 'therapists' do nothing but tell you what in life makes your anxious/sad and teach you to forget about it. Depression, etc. could mean your soul is in trouble. If you are dead inside, your physical body might crave death also. In more mild cases, sinful goals often give way to anxiety (wanting to look good, wanting more money, etc.). Jesus Christ is fulfillment. He is the answer to all of your problems. You are evil, you have done evil. You failed. You are no match for sin, or temptations. He DIED for you. He PAID your fine. Please do not pass off this glorious opportunity. Accept Him into your heart. Believe that Jesus is your Lord and Savior, and all of your sins are forgiven. No need to worry or be sad about anything. If God is for you, who could break you?
I wonder how much dry erase markers they go through..
Every day at work and school, I sweat profusely. And feel like I just wanna scream, and run away. Anxiety is no joke, almost debilitating. Well, off to work.....
Please no more cringy greg and mitch videos.
I understand some people have real conditions that affect their quality of life, I feel bad for those people because currently everyone in their early twenties claims to have them as an excuse to not deal with things they don't like. So, to those people who fake anxiety: stop. Life has a lot to offer when you stop hiding behind a nonexisting problem. And to those who have it, don't be afraid to seek professional help, it is not okay to feel bad often. The natural state of your body is wellness, you might just need to help it get there.
I'm anxious because i have a tiny wiener
Why is anxiety disorder so relatable to me... well i think i have anxiety disorder....
I'm too stupid for these videos but I still watch em
Anxiety ≠ Anxiety Disorder\n\nJust because you're having stress it doesn't mean you're having an anxiety disorder. Most people never experience a real panic attack.\n\nMany people who talk about their anxiety all the time are just attention seekers, the same phenomena that can be seen with depression.
One time I had an anxiety flare up and I was on a walk and had a really bad panic attack and got so tense I got a backache that was so bad I could barely walk for a week
Did you just assume my emotional state?
Because I'm poor
So all your subscribers are anxious?
this video was honestly a bit more boring than I expected. Just giving honest feedback. Other videos are usually a lot better.
Teachers need to know that when my hand is down, you don't pick on me\nIf you do I'll vomit on your face
*When someone tells you to calm down* \n:inhales deeply: WeLl iF i CoULd DonT yOu thINk i wOulD???
this video made me more anxious
Why are you anxious? \nBecause I can’t find the cockroach that ran in my room!
I have Anxiety and it sucks
Over five yEArs
Just start taking cold showers everyday
22 y/o with anxiety ...social
Why do we have boogers?
#IsThatForMe
2:02\n\nFive YeARs
social anxiety anyone?
Http://streetbangaz.org
Because HSC!
So clinical.  Thanks.
Love you guys 👍
yEErs
im chillin
I'm never anxious.
This gives me anxiety
2:03 voice crack
Cuz we depress
Top 20 on trending 😥
Im anxious of people
http://salarydone.com/?cash=28351
Get some milk
Anybody here ever had heart skips?
Thank you
Fascinating
Because I'm stupidly awkward
Heyy! GO WATCH OUR NEW MOUTH NUMBING PRANK!!! https://youtu.be/E6nScSl2J8o
Ricegum took the L
So who are the people who experience anxiety 24 hours a day 365 days a year? 😂 bc I need to know how to classify myself.
Stream or Download the song here: https://goo.gl/YRmPcF Thanks for supporting us!
Second beard guy realizes he's inferior to the original and bails at the last second.
Your videos are amazing
awesome... \nim your fan from indonesia
Very very very GOOOOOOD‼︎‼︎‼︎‼︎‼︎‼︎‼︎‼︎‼︎
EPIC!!!
*cringe*
대박 미쳤다!!!!
That requires certain skills
that was awesome, beard guy was hilarious
criativos demais mano, seloko
Ya'll rocked!
hahahahahaha awesome
big ups from Brazil!
You guys are amazing
amazing videooooo!!!
You guys should collab with Pentatonix
Is....is that CherryCrush???
was this....sung live??
AMAZING!!!!!
Beard guy cracked me up!
Feel It Still.
Exerrent
So fresh n so clean 👍🏼
Uncut tho? What is this sorcery?
Now cant yah see im falling
Complexicated
Great! Really!
wonderful and super fun
SMILES
Wow!
You guys are amazing!!!!!
White people
amazing
Magnificent!!!
:--D
love love loved it....<3
That dancing guy sound painfull
Absolutely  brilliant!
Wow just incredible!!!!
Honk
🐒❤️🤙
Utterly Delightful!
Cringey af
You guys and gal are so talented and awesome!! Love, love love what you do!! Don't stop!! That totally brightened up my day!!! Xxx
They're Canada's Ok Go :)
I lost my best friend this summer and this was our song, I really needed to find this today. Thank you <3
I mean, how long did u guys practice, how many retakes, how long did it take to make this vid???? AWESOMEEEEEEEE
That was the best cover I have ever seen!
BIG walk off the earth here!! Love it!!!
Stunning!  Beautiful!  Creative!  Fun!  Adorable!  Fantastic!  These guys are amazing musicians, performers and creators.
Omg! This is amazing..i lost it when beard guy showed up..xD
You're all so fun! A great performance and awesome vid <3 love it :D
No way, that's not possible
This reminds me of weird Al so much it's unsettling
Ha ha when Beard Guy just grabs that guy and throws him off the stage
And they say white people have no culture.
This song made me want to stick Kanye’s dick in my oven and eat a sandwich
I would love to spend a week with them and see the creative process, maybe sing with them. Just bask in the talent. \nI wanted to do stuff like this when I was younger but I let fear and laziness stop me.\nI give WOTE huge respect for the work that they do and the fun that they have. \nKeep it up! My whole family loves you guys.
This is the whitest fucking thing
Love it when you do amazing videos like this. Transition at 1:29...Wow so much fun.  Just made my day! Long time fan live, record and You Tube
Who's the Bearded-Funny-Dancing Guy?
ANOTHER example of what i think is WOTE's strength and Mantra ... you catch it ... you play it .... and ginger beard shakey guy is the next best thing to PMJ's Tambourine Guy ... nice !!
Ok, I watched it about six times and kept skipping back to the part where the couch is clearly visible(2:15) with no bearded dude on it and then the others move forward and together and block the view and he literally pops out of nowhere to shake it! Where the hell where you hiding him and how did he sneak into the shot?!
Walk off the Earth NEVER disappoints!
This is as hipster as it gets.
wtf is going on everything is happening all at once and so quickly
I love these guys...but they're looking a little trumpage (orange)...
I could listen to the first 40 seconds on repeat forever
Sometimes I think to myself... Why is walk off the earth so amazing 😁
I still can’t get over how AMAZING this godlike cover is. I still also can’t get over the dancing dude and how he full on dives out the door. Literally. Can’t. Stop. LAUGHING. LOVE YOU WOTE
Now you’re just showing off 😂
We’re teaching record levels of whiteness
How are you so amazing all the time?!?!
Can you guys cover Black Eyed Peas' Where's the Love? I think you guys would kill it.
I hate this. They ruined it
I LOVE YOU GUYS!! CAN'T WAIT FOR DENVER NEXT YEAR!!!!
i'm wondering if exists any instrument that they do'nt play
That was cute and cool.
How have I never heard of your guys before?!?!? THIS IS AWESOME. I’ve been totally jamming 😊 thanks guys!!!
That made my day, week and month. Brilliant!
Can the ginger beard guy please do a tutorial of how to master what he just did?
This is the whitest thing I've ever seen
thanks for doing this song. it proves that it is terrible even if the most talented musicians perform it.
You can't be in a bad mood after listening to WOTE. Another fun interpretation.
This makes me so happy!
there is something that you guys cant play?? OMG
I cannot stop washing you guy.  I love all the music that  you do!!!!!!
I couldn't even keep up with my eyes, can't even think about how hard it would be to keep track by having to actually move around
Hey guys I just covered a song I’d really appreciate it if you checked it out!!!1!!!1!1!! https://youtu.be/ttBhMrV_wbM
Just when I thought the last video was the best, you guys are constantly breaking the barriers of what is defined as amazing!
Oh look a video that deserves to be trending!
Percussion guy is the most fun to watch.
This was, hands-down, my favorite wote video I've ever seen. And I've seen them all.
Glad to see a new awesome and fun cover!
My daughter loves this song. She's 1.
Love you guys. Always a great work. And humor.
1:50 are those all the kids shes had?
do a dip dip by 21 savage cover next!!!!
bout time we weaponized outcast ooo we could send this video to North Korea in  retaliation
I feel bad about Gavin, he is poor when he got stuck across the galaxy, but I like the girl's hairstyle.\n👏🏻🖖🏻👌🏻👍🏻✌🏻️😃
all aboard to the HYPE Train!
IS THIS ONE PLAYING AT TORONTO AFTER DARK TOO???
Reviews for the first one weren’t good, because people never watched roosterteeth, the jokes were great and I loved it, this looks even better
Is that emily from until dawn? if it is and you didn't make a joke aout the butterfly effect i will be disappointed.
They got that one girl from shameless.
This and the first Lazer Team are the main reasons why I have my YouTube Red account. I'm so hyped!
Really hope this is rated R...
End of lazer team 1: \n*Ice cube's voice*\nyall motherf*ckers is going to space
If there isn't a Delorean in this film, so help me....
THU CUT OFF HIS HEAD\nYOU KILLED HIM
im kinda surprised since the first one bombed
Cant wait to see that sweet sweet Delorean
Amazing also I feel like Michael just plays himself in these movies
really? YouTube Red? Question is whether it will be available for Sponsors, who, you know, literally pay RT's bills
The search for the Nose.
Lol i would've high fived Michael for that back to the future reference. Bttf ftw
Why would you try to get Woody back?
Why isn't it called Lazer Team 2: Electric Boogaloo?
I haven't pirated the first one yet :/
wait would any of their gear work if one of them wasnt wearing theirs?
Wow. Gavin is gone? Apparently he can't even make it to Lazer Team filming let alone Achievement Hunter content.
“They cut off his head!!!”
Gavin won't be there to Gavin things up :(
Can't wait for Lazer 2 Team
So Gavin is pretty much absent
No one tried to take the helmet for themselves?
Great, a sequel exclusive to a service that isn’t available in your country 😐
Why not just keep their names?
Let's Watch - Laser Team Git Gud #2 - The Search For Gud
the first one was alright. but it's not rewatchable :|. the second one? eeeeeeeh i'm not sure
The acting and humor are a little dry.
Why isn't it A f***** delorean?!
Inb4 Gavin is actually on the rooftop of the laboratory.
Micheal is the sweetest soul and he must he protected
Lol Gavin is lost! That makes so much sense!
I think I'm more excited for this one because now I know what I'm getting myself into lol
I hate to say it, but i'm kind of surprised there doing another one after the last one did so poorly.
sir they have locked lasers onto us
The first one was meh at best and the ending was terrible was make a second one
I watched the 1 now I am watching the second when it comes out
The first one was really bad, and this one looks worse from the trailer only.
So there going into another dimension...ok\n(Silently hops they meet the reds and blues)
soooooooooooo....... no gavin for more than 65% of the movie???\n(Also I'm just guessing how much of the movie gavin won't be in )
Well... I'll be waiting for the Blu Ray
Okay but real truth here, when does the blu ray come out?
Did this genuinely need a sequel though?
I've seen enough hentai to know where this is going.
I can already tell it's gonna be hilarious.
I actually liked the first one for some reason.
Looks like Going up against a wendigo and surviving changed Emily for the better
THEY CUT OFF HIS HEAD!
Ow ffs I wanted to see Gavin through out the movie not at the end of the movie
I came on myself out of pure excitement
Is she from the game Until Dawn?.....Nvm
At least we know Woodrow won't starve to death
the first one was pretty bad I'll probably skip this
Hoping that this time they don't cut and fit all the funniest parts in the trailers.\nNot saying that Lazer Team was bad though!
This season of Superstore is getting really weird...
youtube red is dead, did you guys not get the message!
SO THAT'S IT HUH? WE SOME KINDA LASER TEAM 2
YOU CUT OFF HIS HEAD!
They got Emily from until dawn lol
Any chance to see this film in theaters in France ? Please...
Did anyone else pick up the Overwatch reference?? 😂😅
My brother sent me this and I said 'I haven't watched the first one'
HELL YEA LOVED THE FIRsT MOVIE CAN NOT WAIT :D
are people stupid, thinking that this is meant to be a top tier Oscar winning movie. ITS AN INDIE MOVIE meaning that its only made by small people with a low budget but people apparently think this must be highest budget movie. I mean its literally their second movie they have ever made and its made by people that you watch and you are just hating on it just because its bad acting and low budget.
IT'S NOT A DELOREAN!
NO GAVINOOFREEEEEEE unsub
Lazer Team 2: Git Lazerer.
Haha haha so funny
No. No. NOO. NOOOOOOOOOOO!
Laze team 2 =  Big hero 6
Ahhhh!!!! Yes!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Woo!  (•̀o•́)ง
lol
I CANT FREAKIN WAIT!!!!
Hot garbage 2: dumpster fire
YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSS
omg!!!! I can’t wait!! 😍😍
2 Lazer 2 Team
um...what?
I love it!!!
Yesssssss
HYPE
I'm soo excited !!
RWBY IS SO CLOSE
YESSSSS
YES!
RWBY İS COMİNG TOMORROW
loser team 2:the lost loser
No, thank you.
Sweet zombie Jesus this looks funny
roster teeth !!
Hard Pass
AHHH So excited!!!
This looks awful
Lazer Team: Finding Dory, ...er Gavin
youre literally so perfect!
Love this look!
love you Chloe! good job!
damn i loved this
Love you
Comments for days
High five
pretty cool!!!
😊❤️ comment for algorithm!
you look genuinely scary I'm soooo impressed
Yo
👍👍👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️🇳🇱👌
Awesome Chloe 🙌🏼
Love this video!!
😂😂😂 the demonetized commentary
Queeeen
Yas
❤️❤️❤️ for ur algorithm lol
The swearing 😂
❤️❤️❤️
Still so fucking perfect 🙄
For the algorithm 🙌🏼
yay!!
❤️❤️
amazing!
This is awesome!
hi chloe
Love this look!
Fantastic! So creative.
no ragrets ahhahahaha love you Chloe! Love from Chile
Loved it!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
i love u
This is fucking rad 🙌
dfefegghahhshahahha
this looked great wth
👍
Love you!! 💖
😍😍😍
Hahahahah amazing 😍
Slayyyyy!!
yassssssssss
😘😘😘
incredible
😍😍😍😍
Cool
👍🏼👍🏼
👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 Que nervoso!!!!
I LIVE FOR CHLOES HALLOWEEN TUTORIALS!!!
Love it!
Fuckity fuck fuck fuck penis vagina -Chloe Morello 2017😂💖
Hi
Commenting :)
Baller
Fucking love you! ❤😘❤🇨🇦
love you baby
My first YouTube comment but you deserve it that swearing tirade had me in stitches! Know what I mean jelly bean ;)
this is amazing well done 😍
Chloe! I love this look. <3 I have a similar hat, but from LOC, hahah!
This was amazing!!!! You are SO funny!!!! Love you
You are actually hilarious. Hands down my favourite YouTuber 👌🏽
Amazing, I wish I could be even half as creative as this!
Just leaving a comment because this was awesome & you are awesome!
I watch your videos over n over. Because somehow your personality is kind of soothing to me. Im in bed suffering from fever and watching your videos because i cant seem to bear any other youtuber in this condition. ❤️ from India.
Thanks Chloe I was having a real shitty day and this video made me feel better. Love you x
Not sure what the YouTube drama is and would love to be filled in but here’s a comment for the algorithm!
Chloe I love this!! I think with the rigid collodion you have to layer it more (and let it dry in between the layers) to get a deeper looking scar and it's better to use on more fleshy skin like the cheeks or arm or where the skin isn't as thin because it has to pucker the skin and if there's not much skin there, it's not going to create the same scar like appearance. I think as well when you paint it on with the brush it can make it look very uniform and like it's been painted on unlike a scar that would kind of look jagged and fucked up :) I hope that helps!! \n\nLove this look it's so classic but really original too! Xx
That first wound totally looks like a vagina...LOL
i loved this tutorial so much and i love Chloe so much omg! going to see if i can order some SFX products to wear this to my halloween party soon
can’t get any more aussie with a legendary straw hat
The most monetized video in history, despite your best efforts lol.
This was so fun to watch! Thank you 😍
You put so much thought and effort into this!
damn! that is a great job!!
lolll never commented on anything on youtube but i GOTTA help with those algorithms
Your intro had me rolling!!! I enjoy your personality Chloe!!
This will give me nightmares you little tea bag. 😱
Loved it :) this brought back so many memories from learning special effects. You nailed it.
LMAO its gonna be de-monitized anyway....fuckity fuck fuck fuck, penis...vagina girl you're funny af!! fav youtuber ever also thx for this dope ass makeup look for halloween!
That wound is soo sick 😱 good job guurl 👌👌
you crack me up all the time and your so talented!! keep doing what ya doing xx
Love how weird and creative this is!
So good you're so talented so happy for you and seba I wish you both the best xxxxx
You crack me up girl 😂😂😂❤️❤️
Love you 😀 so many laughs!!! And a great halloween original look!
please do a video on how you do your gel nails please please i love your videos so much you are my favvvvvvv
Buys literally a tonne of straw and uses three pieces. Looks amazing though!
Ah Chloe your video's are so good, they keep getting better and better with all the little nuances you've been adding <3
I’m commenting to help with the algorithm 💙💜
Love this. You made it look pretty easy. Which is awesome.
Awwwww you are such a cutie!  I love your videos xo
I want to be this for Halloween!!
Your videos do not disappoint! Such an awesome and creative look 👩🏼‍🌾
Laughed so much in this vid plus its freaking awesome Halloween tutorial! Also I sent the intro to my bf cuz it was so funny. Hope I helped with the algorithm :p
This is so fucking cool.\nI think it would look even better with a red gloss instead of clear
Just here because of the 'fuckety fuck fuck'👍
I love watching you!!! Keep it real girl!
I like when ppl leave the bits in where they messed up because it helps us
Comment for algorithm! I never comment on any videos but I guess I should in order to help out youtubers that I love! I just didn't realize
Love it!! You look insane
Another help with the youtube algorhythm 🙌🏻 I must say, I'm not even gonna do halloween but I enjoyed watching this video so much
Your hair looks so good on you! Love your bag collection 😍😍😍
Just added the saint Laurent woc to my wAnt list. Gorgeous collection 😍
Coccinelle is pronounced Kochinelle, which, in Italian, means lady bugs! As always lovely video, the green Gucci bag is the stuff of dreams 😍😚
i would love to see your perfume collection ❤️❤️❤️
the frinch suits you so much Amelia!!❤❤
Love the fringe! I’m thinking of getting one too now 😅 xxxx
Great new look. I love the bangs.
So many cute bags!! Loove the more muted pale colored bags they are so pretty :)
Please tell me where you got the rainbow sweater you're wearing with the Chloe Nile- it's the cutest!!
You should be put on a desk, have your legs spread, and fucked *hard* but long, thick meat.
Coccinelle means Ladybug, and it's pronounced cock-see-nell, if you ever wanted to know! ;) That being said, Gucci really upped their bag game lately!! I was never really into their stuff, but every bag you showed in here and the ones I've seen around are sooo pretty!!!
hey amelia! coccinelle is pronounced like cochinellay :))
Love ur bangs! You look younger.
waahhh so beautiful 😍
Love love love your style
Beautiful collection
Oh, no! Your fringe looks like mine, that I made myself when I was 8... Please, change it!
I really love your hair! Best decision ever
Overrated handbags
that red Chanel bag is so ugly 😟
The fringe fits you so well!! You look so damn chic! Urgh! Loved this video as always (your cutaways are by far the best)
love the way you did the video ♥️
Of all the marmonts you went for the worst solid colour bag...
That box clutch with music notes on it looks so gorgeous!!
The fringe makes you look Latina!
Coccinelle is an italian brand, it means ladybugs! We pronounce it co - chi (same sound of chips) nell - eh \n(some people do not pronounce it the same way they pronounce the italian word for lady bugs and they say co - chi - nell with a silent e and I have no idea why, it makes me want to email the brand and ask them!)
Did you sell the Chanel chevron square mini? Love that bag!
Coxinel for coccinelle, it's lady bug in french 🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🐞🕷🕷🕷🕷🕷🕷🕷🕷🕷🕷🕷
Beautiful collection!! Also, your hair looks great!! xxx
They seem very cheap
Your hair 😍
Love ur handbag taste 👌🏼
Nice fringe x
Love your bangs!❤  Your hair is gorgeous!! 👌
Love your new hair !!! 😍👍🏻
Buy another Pomeranian, they're so cute🐶🐶
I am madly in love with your bags! 💖 I also prefer bags that hold their structure, but I never put it on the floor because of a Romanian superstition that says you'll loose your money/become poor if you place your bag on the floor😹. \n\nThe brand Coccinelle is Italian, so you would pronounce it with the ci as if it were ch(like in cheers) and it means ladybug. How sweet is that?! 💖 If it would be a French brand it would be pronounced coxinel.
Hi Amelia  hope you're well. This is an impressive collection. So beautiful!! Still not sure about the fringe. One minute I think it's beautiful next unsure. You're still beautiful anyway. As long as you're happy.\nLove from the states
Your hair! I love it!
Which youtube executive did you bang to get on trending?
The floral gucci looks amazing!
The fringe makes you look even prettier
I came here to see your new beautiful hairstyle❤
Love your hair today, girl !!
You look French with your fringe.
It's pronounced Coxinelle (in french coccinelle means ladybug)
That first bag is super chic and functional!  I'm in search of a good work bag and that one definitely caught my eye
Coccinelle was founded in Italy, so the Italian pronounciation would be like tagliatelle in the end, and the cci is pronounced like chi in tai chi.
Coccinelle is pronounced cokcinelle meaning ladybird in French :)
http://ameliaalicebryson.blogspot.com/?m=1
Amelia it is pronounced coXinelle 😊
which is the gorgeous lipstick youre wearing?
WOW, Love those bangs, makes you look adorable, a blooming teenager.
You suit your fringe so much! I used to have one and they're awesome ❤️
OMG, I'm catching up on your videos and I only noticed the fringe AFTER the 12:37 minutes long video was finished and the thumbnail of the next one clued me in. That is how well you suit the fringe, it's automatically accepted by my brain as perfectly Amelia. Congratulations on getting the perfect fringe.
I love your outfit in the video! Is it a dress or top and where is it from?
I giggled when you said you own few green clothes while you were actively wearing a similar blue green top, though you may have done that on purpose
Great video ..... your petrol Gucci bag is size small and the pink one is the mini ....  I have the new royal blue velvet Gucci bag in the medium size and it's quite a bit bigger than yours 🌟🖒
i feel like it's been ages since a sit down video like this, i really loved it, makes me want a designer bag so much 😻😻😻
Love all the bagss they are exactly how i like ❤️❤️
The brand is COCCINELLE! kisses from Italy,Sicily!!
Love your Multi Jumper, so cosy and cuddly.   Fave bag out of the ones you have is the Black Gucci 🖤  (p.s. Loved the yellow/gold 3 tier dress you wore in Paris).
Your handbag collection is so whimsical! Lovely! Thanks for sharing.
Loved this video and your hair!!!
Love the hair omg😍❤
Love the new haircut it suits you 😍👍🏻
I was just thinking how badly I'd love to see an updated designer handbag collection! Literally read.my.mind! ((:
Your new fringe looks greattttt on you!
That multicolour knit jumper looks INCREDIBLE on you! Love that vibe. I'm surprised you don't use a cover for your glasses.
Where is your black dress from!?
wow beautiful collection. btw what is the name of you nail polish color? its so beautiful.
That fringe is 😍😍😍 you look amazing.
A little bit jealous and a big happy for u~ LOL
I love the fringe on you!! Can you please tell us the lipstick you are wearing in this video?
I live in NY and I am always nervous to take nice bags out during the day.... BUT that givenchy bag is soon stunning! <3 <3
What size laptop can you fit in the Givenchy Antigona Bag?
Hi Amelia , please can  you let me know where the Mac/ trench coat is from that you are wearing with the Gucci Marmont ? Thanks
Hey Amelia, i know this isnt your kind of thing but could u pls consider doing a bridal makeup look? Im getting married in dec and i love the way you do makeup. Basically i love everything about you!
Always love your bag collection!
Saks has the nude shade every now and then on the website and you get shipping to other countries. I have the blush and floral Gucci bag. Hope you get to get it just be patient. Xo
beautiful collection, enjoy! would LOVE to see an update to a vid you did 2 years ago, it had your LVCash rose ring, 15 luxury accessories?!? can't recall exact name! was one of my fave vids you have done + would make a great tag vid!! xx
i WOULD LOVE a patent leather bag. Reminds me of the 80s/90s style. I am definitely searching for the right patent leather bag. ♥
Oh my, love these videos!! So happy you uploaded xx
OBSESSED with the blush coloured one!!! i love pink so much and i especially love pink accessories to wear with black or monochrome outfits. also i reeeaaallly love your hair!!! it really suits your face and looks so sophisticated but also fun and flirty at the same time!
The pink sage bag looks just like the antigona but different on the bottom
If I ever won the lottery I would buy every bag in this video\n😂😂😂
Hi :) in english it would be something like kotcheenaellae\n\nIt's italian, and it means ladybugs!
Your hair looks so good 😍 It suits you very much.
Not a fan of the bangs
I was in love with your hair :( . Your handbag collection is life ! Sooo good pieces
I'm seriously considering getting bangs now.  They suit u so much Amelia ❤Also love this video and ur lovely bags,  the gucci velvet one is Def my fave 😍
Drooling over your bags!!! :)
This got 40k views in 21hours how the fuck is this on trending??????
I feel somebody is not a fan of valentino.. don’t blame you 😂
Omg the fringe is everything!!
Your hair is much classier like way! Well done for improving yourself and taking on constructive criticism
I haven't heard it pronounced, but my guess would be it's coxinelle like L'Occitane - l'oxitane x
what size is ur MacBook air? <3
it's pronounced cox-ee-nelle.. which means ladybug in french :)
shoe collection???
Jesus christ people yes Axl gained weight oh my God the world's gonna end. He's in his fucking 50s now give him a break. Yea his voice isnt what it used to be nobody's stays pitch perfect. To me to me he looks happy as hell out there rocking and their putting on a great show.
It's stuck in a crowd not stuck in the ground pink come on now Lol
She should of sang the whole song wit him she worthy
She nows, Who is the best!
Pink sounds awesome.  She always brings it!  Love her!
There are 4 Pink videos on trending right now. Someone's pushing her really hard. Wonder how much they're paying YouTube to do it.
Holy hell, Axl is walking around like that fat guy that sucks in his belly to try and look buff.
While there are a few songs with a well whistled part, this is the best (I think), and he did it as amazing as the studio recording. Awesomeness. There are only few artists any and all of todays popular singers MUST bow down to on the same stage and G & R are one (Zeppelin, Metallica, Iron Maiden, Rush are the others [I would add Stevie Wonder but he can't see anyway]).
Wow! Fucking A. 👏👏👏.  GnR should work with pink on a song together.
Axl got a big ole beer belly these days. Lol
just to sing that much!? really
Fuck.  Axl looks stupider than that duche bret michaels with that goofy hey, I'm really not bald hat on !! And the stupid plaid?  What's with the stupid plaid?  Just fade away, man,  please.
I'm pretty sure pink is a dude
What camera are you using? Great quality.  Is it a phone?\nThanks for sharing, great video.
Pink sounds great!!!! Thank God Guns & Roses are back together !!!
She’s really hard NOT to like!! Her Rock&Roll vibe always shines through...
What the fuck was that I just watched.  Jesus Rock is dead because real rockers are this age... Harvey your my Hero you where the last Rapper/Rock Star sellout to get caught up in the goodness......  I just wish it could go back to the good old days of dumb bitches and snorting coke off my cock..... The 80's where a fun time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pink giving Axl them eyes. She wants the kid!
Wish I got tix 2 c them in ct in a cpl weeks\nP.s. AUDIENCES need to stop fuckin singing
at least Slash and Axl didnt fight in the stage
She screwed up on the lyrics - but cool anyway
HAHAHHA I CANT TELL WHICH ONE IS PINK IN THE THUMBNAIL PIC
Take me down to BBQ city where the fries are grease and the gravy is creamy, oh! why don't you please pass the rolls yeah !
Does everyone remember when axl beat up his girlfriend the Victoria secret model, and threw her down a flight of stairs? I didn't think so
He sounds like he should be singing country music now. Lol.
I'm happy cause it's 2017 and we still have GUNS N FUCKING ROSES , fucking axl rose man , THE ROCKSTAR
Even thou she is a great artist she reconize that she's performing with someone greather than she.
I would die if I were pink I think it Faint
i adore gnr, but p!nk?? sadly she is on trump’s side
When did Mickey Rourke become the front man?
Whoa wait a minute - forget about PINK....is that Slash on stage with Axl?  When did this happen?
Axle Rose looks like a pregnant butch dike! But I still like how he sings.
Wow....I would have walked out of there  seriously 😠 and demanded my money back.....what a joke, if he couldn’t sing at least he could have lipped it, slash must be embarrassed by this, rightly so.
6:20 did you see it?????
GnR was an amazing band, but I wouldn't pay a dime to watch them now.   They should call this the cash grab tour!
Seriously Axel... go for a fucking jog.
get personal trainer, lose the hat
Axel is so BAD. HE SUCKS. Pink owns him!
Huge GNR fan and this is one of my all-time favorites by them. Pink has such a great voice and this was really cool. I like that she just sang the end since it's different from the rest. Her timing was a bit off but she was probably shaking from the excitement. lol.
https://youtu.be/Cm8V8TTJNpo Please support my MOVEMENT! 🔥🔥🔥💯 #Real
Kinda glad to see the band mostly back together but damn Axel... Lose some freaking weight dude. Slash is shredded and everyone else looks good but you dude.
I wish this was better quality! dam its good
Fuck. Getting old needs to not happen anymore. We should find a way to stay 17-23 years old forever.
Wow how can anybody even hear them singing people are just talking they don't give a f*** about what they're doing and this tattooed monstrosity Axl Rose what a fat ignorant stupid douchebag this piece of crap is.
They are just... good!!! Love them::...yes ...fat or thin...
Jesus Christ is the Lord. Call on Him to be saved from the wages of sin. God loves you and will help you in the day of trouble.
Jesus... All Axl needs is a little slim fast
I didn't know that I needed this
Watched the Ottawa concert Aug 2017 best concert ever!
Pink is branching out, GNR and now Eminem lol. So punk, pop, country, rock, and rap. What next, jazz? Electric? Lmao
Great memories of my life come to me when I listen guns and roses!!!!
Its so cool that Pink is helping GNR Axle get his mojo back! I look forward to hearing more from them again! Hes a lil off in the vid but still did ok. With a little work he could make a huge comeback! Good luck Mr.🌹!
Ah fuck rock is so dead😪
Slash devia fazer esse solo na guitarra igual fazia em 90 ,80 era mais  foda
Ah que pena ficou ali admirando mais do que cantou\nEssa mulher merecia se explorada mas do que isso cantou só  no finalzinho \nQuem sabe na próxima surge um dueto desses dois seria um sonho\nrepertório eles têm de sobra pra isso\nMas mesmo assim   merece os meus 👏👏👏 geração dos anos 80 e 90 e 2000 o rock ainda respirar \nViva o Rock roll 🤘
Very good Rock and Roll.  I listen GUNS N' ROSES since 1990.  Congratulations GUNS N' ROSES.  Very good!
This needs Lil uzi vert and 21 savage! Y'all feel me? Let's not forget Travis Scott!
For all of you that are making jabs at GNR, I'm going to put this lightly, FUCK OFF. If you knew anything about music you would have some respect...but you're too fucking self absorbed and worried about how cool you're going to look in your selfies wearing your new Nikes, listening to Gucci Mane and Instagraming it 2 seconds later. You are the most shallow people looking for the most instant gratification and then move on to something else...that's why music lacks any meaning now, it's all about girls tits hanging out while dancing around some exotic car while some fool talks about how he's the shit and gangsta, and that's the shit you buy..then you go to a GNR video where rock legends with an insane amount of talent are playing and spout off stupid comments cause you think you're clever and somehow entitled to do so. Well guess what, when you actually get out on your own and move out of your parents place you're going to find out that life isn't fucking rap videos, not everything is handed to you, and you're opinions will maybe start to matter then because you're not a self centered entitled loser. Ps, any music fan and musician sees through your stupid comments in about a millisecond and we all think you sound like a moron, so move on to your crappy music. Rant over.
Those two dudes look rough.
insane!!!
Damn, he sounded faking amazing...
Goodness! AXL looks like total shit!
She looks so happy..great one...bravo gnr
Ese weon no canta!!!...pufff
This was awesome
Fat bastard
So lame...
Axel rose is whiney little bitch
oh my...it's awesome!
Did Pink get fatter than Axl???
👏 GN'R
5:46
se vendieron jajajaja
Homeboy got fat... Lol...
I liked it.
Y this broad?
Love 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MbNiw7LaSo&feature=share
Brazil Loves Axl !!!\nObrigado GnR !!
はĮ Magaeacsquare はĮ 11x11łłł Planet Uranusłłłkameas Ancient Planet Msquare Can Over Diagonalsplitaoomissionputback Pi 3142aswellasconjointinsum 5370,Fsbaguarulerunitcm
parece o Patolino
This tests my patience.
THATWASTGREAT
Ficou Dahora!!!
Good Band minus Axl Rose
Axl is now skinny fat
Did Axel just ate  Axel?
Damn, his torso is humongous !
Cx TriHard
Que falta de respeto hacia Pink...tendrian que haber cantado juntos toda la canción.
Me parece o es la primera mujer con la que comparte escenario con unas de sus canciones de Guns??? hermoso tema y hermoso como canta Pink...
Bullshit! I thought this was a true rock n roll band with a bunch of sell-outs in it, but wow this went all into a next level of bullshit.. what's next? Axl Rose as a judge on American Idol? Justin Bieber brought on stage for November rain? I mean, c'mon..
That's not actually Slash, right? This looks a lot like the original lineup, but it just can't be, they all hate Axel.
f*** them both a****** liberals
Axl fat as hell now. Sounds rough to. This is Cringeworthy...
when did axl learn to whistle..??
BUHAHAHA Horrible talentless band invites horrible tranny singer to join them on stage hahahaha!!  Who paid for this!?!  Poor fools!
That was seriously the worst shot I've ever seen. Two fat fucks flipping their fat asses and bellies all over in public. Disgusting. How fucking stupid and pathetic people are to pay to see this? Just go to a pig farm and watch the fatties grunt and squeal. Actually better entertainment I would guess!!
Who is pink? Never heard of him.
Here we have another small project from the Furze book, what would you use it for....the garden or attack muhahaha. Link to get hold of the book yourself is in the description. Thanks to all that have bought it and are enjoying it. CF
Rough with Indian wiring :-)
Ford Furze.
The oo
Mi momi isdead
U are amazin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No fire, explosions?
Cancer
Бля чувак ты самый крутой ютюбер
Circuit* 0:36
wires are racist
electrical tape...
Circit Board
love me some circit boards
Make a milling mishen
いつも思うけど\n日本語字幕がほしい
Iam Japanese people\nilike colinfors
10:33 actor without oscar (yet)
Time to build one for my aquarium. Remote controlled water changes hell yeah lol
8:40 That absolutely makes sense and makes the board more flexible.\nWhen you want to switch a 120V or 240V device you shouldn't power the receiver and the relais with that voltage. So you need two different power inputs.
Can u make a flying car
If the diameter of your hose is too small, dip the end in hot water for a while to make it pliable so you can force it onto/over the fitting.. Or as Colin might say, Pop the end of yer hose in a fresh hot cup of tea, and it will come out a little bit stretchy and you can bang it right on there.
Here in the states, we call those jublie clips hose clamps, but I like the British name better. 😁
I am sure lot of people come here because of the crisp English he speaks
Could totally use this in a similar fashion to the airsoft gun doorbell...
This one is bad. That's not a good circuit, electronics are in the same box as the hydraulic valve, without spacers and not only you messed up the relay NO/NC contacts, you didn't know why common needs to be connected. The reason is that this way, you can also use it to switch 230V mains if you want. Seems like a useless project, since the two 9V batteries likely won't last a week in NO configuration or even a day in NC configuration (those solenoid valves draw a lot of pixies and the relay box is just inefficient).
Colin, Who's the cute girl?
This as an add on for the anti salesman airsoft gun
build a sugar cotton machine
Bloody Hell Colin somthin useable with out a explosives permit?
Has this just turned into a plug channel for your kids book? Wheres the proper stuff gone? \n:( losing interest
can you make a reverse toilet
you should make an ultralight, that would be so cool!!!
are we not going to talk about jubilee clips
shouldn't the black (ground) wire from the solenoid valve go to the common terminal on the circuit board?
Back then: flying motorcycle, Garden Bunker\nToday: how to build an Automatic hose
Guys! Stop Commenting This is Boring He Did It For Himelf And Recorded it...
I have always wondered where the name jubelee clip comes from( not sure about the spelling), could someone explain please?
Colin that Relais is a potential free one they are *ALL* Like that.
colinfurze!! i hate you dude!!! you are too damn good mann.. you just makes me ashamed of myself and my skills :P haha this is a really good idea i'm from Denmark and i don't know if its common other places but in denmark you can buy/rent a little garden too grow stuff or just enjoy and must people have a little house on them too, its nice for people living in apartments and not having a yard. but its fucking cold in Denmark so if the water is still open doing the winter, it will freeze and blow the pipes.. so this gave me and idea too be able too close of the water from home when its starts freezing in October ;P, guess i need a long range remote, my garden is about 2 km from my home but still! \nand a little obvious advice. when making holes in plastic... use heat. warm a knife or whatever.. take it from a guy who have build more bongs then Ron De Jeremy has appeared in porn :P\n-good day you bastard..
ok, basic stuff. Cute!
Make a jammer pls
Dude, please go buy some cable end ferrules already :D
8:39 Loved that circuit. LOL
Make a flying saucer.-.?
That's cool, dude!
what parts
You. NoEop. Poliice
art attack for adults ...
*Twist and tape intensifies*
#1 Dad
*ok*
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fattribution_link%3Fa%3Di3j5rCzNrZU%26u%3D%252Fwatch%253Fv%\n253DVhG1a0An92k%2526feature%253Dshare&h=ATOD5J1fEIjjICIR1m8pps99gUMR8LqPD2ZszP_uAYflLQKFZUcymhnh1mOtkaBSMlNsM9HGc9bd9VFiDSh8YRBO-GYCPjnsAqDRR_soAzqV7k_PzgDmUm59yxEy&s=1&enc=AZMPMAp8ZqCD8K2Wm494UmrX5NnpotfABzBs2EdBJPbaz2Wfv3oa0NLoAhRbTkw0xaVnlopR41-UwstJ161uFUmOFcVirq99NT5_jcwuhMlXnA
😊😊😊😊😊😊gracias.  solo con ver un poco de tu video me cirvio perfectamente para hacer algo parecido. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺😊😊😊😊😊.
Ich verstehe zwar nicvt wirklich was aber es ist doch sehr interessant
Love the book Colin, my boys enjoy it so much and as engineer dad I have got used to sharing my garage with them. Keep up the great work mate.
We've seen the how to make a go Kart without a welder. But how do you make a mini bike without a welder and without a milling machine?
im gonna say you dont need to screw everyting you can use hot glue gun
the tiny cuts of you giving tips is a great idea
Jubilee clips is such a whimsical name for hose clamps
Not even put petrol throw it
But how do you make a remote pipe bomb controller? :(
8:48 it works that way because it's a remote controlled switch, you might need different voltage to control the switch and the voltage you want (in this case) to use for the solenoid valve, so what the remote switch does is separate electrically the input and the output.\n\nThink about it like this:\n .  .   .  .    _______NC\nCOM___/\n .  .  .  .  .  _______NO\n\nIn the circuit you used, COM is connected to the input voltage, but in most cases you just need them to be separated. In your case the control circuit is feeded with 18V and you use 18V with that extra cable to also feed the solenoid.
I make gta videos let me 1st
Child's Play.. Have fun children. ALWAYS DIY! BTW.. two 9 volts can be replaced with 12 AAA (6 AAA each)
It'd be amazing to make a automated watering system for plants
Shorting the COM is not a cheap circuit board design necessarily. The cheap boards will actually just have them shorted on a ground plane or something or to the battery like you have.. Its done disconnected  that way so you can have an isolated load. The relay might be switching something that is at a different voltage or even a different common mode entirely.\n\nSuppose instead of one battery, you had like a 5V line controlling the logic and a 24V battery or something, by isolating them you can use both without them shorting. On this board that has the 18V from your batteries shorted to the relay COM you do not have an option to use a seperate battery. \n\nSuppose also that you were not connecting a battery to the load, or it was an AC load. There are plenty of cases where the load is not at the full battery voltage and you would want them isolated.
Im not used to colin talking for so long in his videos its more music then speaking.
Wouldn't you connect the negative from the solenoid to the GRND, between the NC and NO? Since I was under the impression that ground is negative and there are these three position switches that have one lead in at the center and  a lead out to either side for the two differen on stages and the off in the middle.\nCorrect me if I'm wrong, please! :)
Bring back the old Collin
why are you shooting at 50fps?
Hey colin if u can,can make a video  on how to make wired things wirles because I haven't been able to find any decent tutorials onlin
is it just me that misses the times where Colin made 360 swings, apocalyptic under ground bunkers, guitar flamethrowers and hover bikes incited of garden hoses . i love do colins work and respect his decisions. but relay a garden hose?
This is perfect for one of my current projects! I am building a portable fog machine and although I have a way to blow the fog out of it, I didn't have a way to keep it in when needed.
You said it right first time Colin, but at 6:22 you got it backwards.
More of explaining Things
That awkward moment you realize that the  'crazy inventor'  has turned into a boring instructable author who doesnt seem to grasp how relays work
What you say about the  'extra wire' and 'cheap board' in fact  is no more than logic. The relay  is just separated from the rest, it just switches and carries no potential from the board. That means that you could also use it to switch  say 220 Volt AC, and still have yr  board  separated from the grid
Only Videos for YT Red and adverts? Nice one, unsubscribed...
why would you use 18V for a 12V circuit?
Why is this in my recommendation list?
the pranks that you could play with this... ahh the posiblity is endless
I went to your presentation at Westfield academy I was the one that asked you why don’t you put a Camera on that
Would it be possible to wire one of these up with a motion sensor?
I thought this was a prank. Expecting it to really be a flame thrower or something. But no. \nI was really. A remote.  Controlled.  hose. Valve.   \nC’mon Collen.
So it's a DIY electrically actuated ball valve?
Hey Colin I love ur videos and I have just ordered your book - keep up the good work
5:41 A little bit of tape for protection..... Hmmmmm🤔
I would bury that, replace the 9v with a 12v 1.2Ah sealed lead acid battery and have a solar panel to charge it during the day so it can be maintenance free for a few years.  Nicely done.
Colin, you're the kind of shed inventor that made Britain Great.
Use gas make it a remote flamethrower
Hy please make video how to make steam powered engine
Hi Colin did you get the valve and circuit board off amazon
Quality entertainment and teaching at the same time. Never stop Colin!
10:25 And this walk style 😂😂😂😂👌👌
I love this... it's like watching Art Attack as a kid... 😉 👌
Please do another vid like the no welder go Kart I want to make a small vehicle for about £100
I challenge you to make a time machine, to see if you can, you would be the fucking master
How about a dancing car 👍
LOOK AT YOUR NOSE \n\n\n\nNOSE LONG LIKE GARDEN HOSE
Ive actually stopped watching alfie for a while now but i used to watch him every single day but i switched to some other youtubers like logan paul and a bunch of american youtubers and i came across your video yesterday and i was really shocked by the fact that i actually stopped watching you for some weird reason! Your vlogs are filled with nothing but love and positivity and we can see how genuinly good you are alfie!💜 without mentioning your inspiration quotes you say that i ALWAYS take into consideration!! And for all the people reading this i want you to get up RIGHT NOW LIKE LEAVE YOUR PHONE and go do the thing you’ve always wanted to do! Go say i love you to all the people that mean something to you! Spead positivity and love, love you alf💜💜
Alfie. It's good you're cleaning up the house and working hard but tomorrow TAKE OFF THE TENT FROM THE GARDEN. If you do it now you will never have to worry about it in the future😃
I'm gonna leave a link down below - Every Youtuber, always.
I'm 15 and would love to go and talk to old people every day that would be amazing
Alfie is da best vlogger in da UK
I don't like scary films 🎥 I've never watched one ever
I wish there was something like that here in Malaysia. I wanna talk to an old person. I AM lonely. I NEED this old person in my life.
Lbw squad where u at because this channel is littt
Hello 👋 random person scrolling threw the comments
NOOOO JOE why?!!!😿\nI really wanted you to be in today’s vlog ☹️\nBut anyway can’t wait to see you in tomorrow’s vlog!😻❤️❤️❤️
Hi Alfie!! Been loving the vlogs lately and do you have any tips on over exited dogs? If you do then please tell me! My dog is going to have puppies soon and she is really hyped and exited, please tell me any tips for dogs that are over exited😘  If you see this comment please comment or just even like it😍16 days until Hello World I am soooooooooooooo exited❤️ I love you and Zoe soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much💕 From H Xx
hey alfie big fan , me and my sister have been watching you since the your 1 st video just a big fan and just keep up with the amazing work 😁😁
i watched dont breath with my friend and it was amazing
I’ve been watching you for over 3 usars
It's my Birthday today sweet 16!!💜\nBtw I love you Alfie🙂
Love u soo much alfie LBW squad where u at
bring back the solid chocolate figures this Christmas!!
This vlog's all over the place
What is happening\nWatching it on my tv and they is a second black sccren for 1-5 secs
That Dinner looked really good❤💙💚💛💜❤💙💚💛💜
Alfie when will the gym be ready
Lbw squad here love you Alfie thank you for all u do!!!
Ill do any thing you say
Watched don’t breath at the cinema when it came out and loved it!!!
Hey! First ten minutes! I love you and zoellas offices and I love all your vlogs
Who else wants Alfie to shave all his beard off to see if he looks as young as he did a couple of young ago
But don't breath is still really good
Omg alfie ur so inspiring I have all ur merch. But unfortunately I wasn't lucky enough to get the  sugg life and PB. Pop up merch shop. 😩.   But ur my inspiration. Ly. I'm ur biggest fan my dream is to meet u. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🌎
I smile whenever I get a notification from you . Thank You, Alfie . Have a lovely day everyone 💖🇵🇭
Someone is dropping out new Halloween merch? A new creator? The only person I'm thinking is Mark😂😂😂
LBW SQUAD, who here doesn’t need Alfie’s notifications on to be reminded about his vlogs??
Love your new haircut, I allways love it when it's shorter
I'm early for once ;)
U are the definition of awesome
Lbw gang. Love the video so far xx
Does anyone else think it would be funny for Alfie to do a forfeit if he says 'the/my office' more than 10 x in one vlog? 😂
I love u so much Alfie I have ur merch
Lbw squad xx love you Alfie ur videos are he best ever (and Zoe's of course) notifications on , subscribed x
I don’t think you linked it down below ❤️
I made a video on how to be Alfie! it'd be amazing if people could check it out!!!!
Hi from Sweden, it freezing but watching you makes me warm and really bloody happy!!
I cried when I hearted about the charity, sadly I don't live in the UK 😭💔
Hi I love it videos and would love to see u reply to me 😉💓\nPs back of haters
Got an alarm set for 5 everyday just so I’m on time 😂 LBW squad 💗
Lbw squad early for once I'm subscribed notifications tuned on and I was like follow you on snap chat and Instagram live your vlogs bring sims back please
hi omg I'm so early compared to usual, I hope Alfie is active in the comments, if u see this Alfie then plz reply I love u so much I really want to meet u and hi everyone else xx LBW squad
Lbw squad 💞💞
Your AMAZING
Lbw squaaaaaad
LBWLBWLBWLBW 👻🎃👻🎃
LBW SQUADDDDD
Ayyy
What does lbw
Helloooo
Hi
Midnight vlogs :)
Hi
Oh the cars got cleamed today
Lbw were you at❤️
I love ur channel!!!!!!!!!!!!
LBW SQUAD WHERE YOU AT??!!!
Lbw squad love your videos ❤️
Lbw squad where u at babes
2 views but yet 1k likes lbw squad goes hard😂😍😍
Love your vlogs youre amazing 💗💗💗
LBW squad!!!!!!!
Come to Morocco
Hii alfie! Hello from pakistan
Lbw squad!!! ❤
Lbw where u at
your hairs different today :)
#earlysquad
Lbw squad always
No
LBW!!! Alfie is actually the cutest
LBW SQUAD 🏅🏅🎖🎖🏆
LBW SQUAAADDDDD
LBW SQUAD RIGHT HERE
LBW squaddddd🌍🔐
Choupakistan
Lbw squad, love the vlogs alf
Lbw squad!!!!! Heyyyyy Alfieeeeee
Greate vlog like alwayes btw ur my fav yt of all time        LBW SQUAD              LOVE U ALFIE 😍👅
Love you Alfie.  LBW x
lbw squad
LBW squad!!💗💗
LBW SQUAD
Early
Alfie's lbw 😊😎💗
LBW squad
Lbw sqauadddd (wow great spelling cbaaaa changing so deal with it)
LBW Squad
Lbw!! Xx
Lbw notification squad
LBW
LBW 💜
LBW SQUAD IS TAKING OVER YOUTUBE
Fav vlogger
LBW💜❤️💙
Hi Alfie !! I love your vlogs :)
Here b4 5 million views remember me as u disappear in the comment of seas...
I downloaded this song as soon as it was the theme song of WWE I forgot the PPV 😗😆😘
If taming lions is difficult , imagine dragons
He is so much better at rapping
Felt sad for the instruments being burnt out... btw, this is one of my favorite songs by them. Just amazing vibe.
Nice song names Dragons, not like Hollywood Undead released song with the same name like 3 weeks ago xD
Imagine Dragons will always bring fire to my voice. This song is a BEAST!!!!
Oh.. that song remind me about playing  Bioshock and Bioshock 2, now i'm going to play game and listen ''Whatever it takes'' at the same time! :)
I am here at second day...\nThis is my 89th view to this song..
This song literally saved my life ❤
Who watch this video before 5 m views
I’ve never actually seen the faces of Imagine Dragon
The only thing I don't like about this song , is that it ends
Another great song from one of the greatest bands in the world.
The Best group by far
Why do they reupload a older song, is it just about the music video?
This is a ingenious
lets break the chains with adrenaline in our blood
awesome song you guys are one of my favourite artists!
Whatever is takes I love this song!
i just broke the replay buttom 😮💝
lmao thought this was a hollywood undead cover\n\nGOOD JOB AAA\nI LOVE THIS
*Every song they made since I was a kid is amazing and they're music will always be fantastic no matter what it takes.*
I do hope it goes back onto the charts
I will be on top of the comments, WHATEVER IT TAKES !
Who else would love to see a football themed video of this song
Two days only and it already got 4.2m views😆 hope it gets 1billion in a month 🤘
First view 😂😂 any one can compete ?
I've heard the song but it's even cooler with video
I always have this habit of listening to music before it becomes more well known to the world
After long time i hear a something good. What you think guys?
How many likes can this get for no reason 😂
One of my favourite Imagine Dragons' song💕
--whatever it takes.  best of all, cuz i love the adrenalin in my veins!.
Nice song. Like it. \nDont forget to have a look at my canal! \nThanks kizz
Whatever It Takes\n\nFalling too fast to prepare for this\nTripping in the world could be dangerous\nEverybody circling is vulturous\nNegative, nepotist\n\nEverybody waiting for the fall of man\nEverybody praying for the end of times\nEverybody hoping they could be the one\nI was born to run, I was born for this\n\nWhip, whip\nRun me like a racehorse\nPull me like a ripcord\nBreak me down and build me up\nI wanna be the slip, slip\nWord upon your lip, lip\nLetter that you rip, rip\nBreak me down and build me up\n\nWhatever it takes\nCause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do whatever it takes\nCause I love how it feels when I break the chains\nWhatever it takes\nYeah take me to the top I'm ready for\nWhatever it takes\nCause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do what it takes\n\nAlways had a fear of being typical\nLooking at my body feeling miserable\nAlways hanging on to the visual\nI wanna be invisible\n\nLooking at my years like a martyrdom\nEverybody needs to be a part of them\nNever be enough, I'm the prodigal son\nI was born to run, I was born for this\n\nWhip, whip\nRun me like a racehorse\nPull me like a ripcord\nBreak me down and build me up\nI wanna be the slip, slip\nWord upon your lip, lip\nLetter that you rip, rip\nBreak me down and build me up\n\nWhatever it takes\nCause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do whatever it takes\nCause I love how it feels when I break the chains\nWhatever it takes\nYeah take me to the top, I'm ready for\nWhatever it takes\nCause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do what it takes\n\nHypocritical, egotistical\nDon't wanna be the parenthetical, hypothetical\nWorking hard on something that I'm proud of, out of the box\nAn epoxy to the world and the vision we've lost\nI'm an apostrophe\nI'm just a symbol to remind you that there's more to see\nI'm just a product of the system of catastrophe\nAnd yet a masterpiece, and yet I'm half-diseased\nAnd when I am deceased\nAt least I'll go down to the grave and die happily\nAnd leave the body and my soul to be a part of thee\nI do what it takes\n\nWhatever it takes\nCause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do whatever it takes\nCause I love how it feels when I break the chains\nWhatever it takes\nYeah take me to the top, I'm ready for\nWhatever it takes\nCause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do what it takes
I was hoping to see him there play the drums underwater.
Who here after 4 mill views ??
Who's here before 5 millions??!
Thats a lot of water
I am proud of you imagine dragons
OMG i just can't stop listening to this..
THAT BEARD IS DOING BEN SO MUCH JUSTICE
I love this song！
Don't Let Me Drown in the Commentss...
It is just slicely good \n☺
I fucking love this song
Well, the replay button is definetly going to be raped...
Here before 5 mil... remember me as i drown into millions of comments.. like to keep me afloat...
I was here in 1k views but my comments aren't popular...😃😃😃
Damn, that transition between water and fire near the end was awesome! U guys are just too good, I can't
No thanks
Finally a spot for this song, I love it!
Любимый мужчина на планете Земля
I'm early.. and ready to lost in million of comments....
Water, fire...CALL THE FIRE DEPARTMENT PLEASE!!!
Muy chingona rolita 👌
COOL MUSIC!
مغاربة واش نتوما هنا
Perfect😍
Rip rich piana
royal rumble theme
Video reminds me of goblet of fire
Be4 from millons views
прикольная песня
good ?
Whatever it takes goddammit.
MY REPLAY BUTTON JUST BROKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who liked before watching?
I love it
Wow
Another great song!
u r the greatest
Very creative
Never disappoints! Love them
Battleground 2017
Big shit. Isn't imagine dragons
Türkler her yerde
Here before 5m
Here before 100M views
they r back!!!!
i wanna be invisible..
this is great
Uhuuu, super! :))
Here before despacito<Whatever it takes :P
Better have a waterproof mic
бесподобно !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hi
here before 5 million veiwsss
This is goooooood! mmmmhm :)
FIRST!
GOOD Song
I was here.
Perfect 👍
That refreen though✔💣
👍👍👍
https://youtu.be/wyqi2_HRFpg\n\nThank me later!!!
Bu müzik bi harika dostum
I LOVE IT
Whatever it takes, right babe?
Michael Myers dropping this Jason Voorhees' big day . . . ICE COLD.
This got me closer to god
oh HELL YEAH . fuckin right . My Friday nights been set.
Trent is pretty much the master of uneasy atmospheres and John Carpenter was the master of 80’s dark synth . Can’t think of a better combo
Sounds a bit like a somewhat more creepy Mr. Robot soundtrack. Mac Quayle also produces this kind of soudntracks. I love it!
This is so damn good ❤️
Sacred Bones Records. Was this intentional?
 Oh, I don't know...18..19.. Judith Meyers....!
A+ for atmosphere (which is usual for Reznor). Retains the spirit of the original before becoming a really grimey rework (Carpenter Brut) at the end. Sign of things to come for next year? Hope so.
I truly hope they dont ruin this movie with special effects and cgi garbage
Wow.  Thanks for the treat, Trent and Atticus.
 How To Make An Amazing and Iconic Theme Song Even Better by Trent and Atticus.
Is this the official theme for the new Halloween movie next year
I was 7 years old when my father first introduced me to 2 movies that  has forever changed my life. The first movie was Porkys. I was too young to understand everything about that movie but it had still stuck with me till this day. The second was HALLOWEEN.  This movie not only raped my young innocent mind, but it raped my inner soul. This movie was the best horror film to ever be put on display. Halloween 2 was also great and I technically consider them ONE movie. Nothing will ever compare to that feeling of when u first watch this movie. Rob zombie did ok with first remake but the second one blew horse cock. For anyone reading this, also check out Salems lot by Stephen King. Not the 2004 version. I'm talking 1979, old and gritty SALEMS LOT. Me Barlow was wayyyyyyyyy fucking scarier when he was a green looking demon beast  the book and 2004 version made him out to be Dracula but I like my Barlow to freak me out, not seduce me into bed where I wake up in the morning with a sore neck and sore asshole
Have you ever heard something just so spectacular that it makes you feel like you're having an out-of-body experience?\nThat's how I felt hearing this for the first time. Just amazing.
Trent. Call me back. I love you - Poof
please for godsakes . john carpenter make this the theme for the new film . its pretty then horror . so damn awesome .
It sounded like 'Popcorn' by Hot Butter... I'll stick with John's original but irritating score.
As a fan of John Carpenters original theme I can say Trent and Atticus finally made a worthy Theme to Johns
Is this the theme to the new movie
Just remember kids, Trent also scored music for the videogame classic Quake
The beginning sounded like everything Trent reznor has ever done before. The main piano just sounds like what they did with Stranger Things, dating the music... And I don't know what that edm hipster shit was at the end. Honestly, people are hating on Zombie, but at least he kept it dark and closer to the original.
it's okay but I like skinny puppy last rights better
Pretty cool track, are they working on the soundtrack to the actual film?  Carpenter's melody was a simple piece which didn't overpower the visuals, they simply supported it- subtlety.   I don't see how you can REVV this up to techno pieces and have it fit into a film without bringing unnecessary attention to itself.   Contrary to most, I thought Zombie's film was ok for what it was, but Taylor Bates did an amazing job on the score- he just updated it but didn't add a ton.  You can only do so much with Carpenter's stuff before it's overkill and just stuck in there for no reason.
It doesn't invoke the same tone to visual that the original theme does. The stripped down simplicity of the piano and the synth building off of each other is lost in the mire of all the Rez put in there. This feels more like the track you would play to the Disney ride while you wait in line.
PLEASE GOD LET TRENT BE THE MUSIC MASTER MIND BEHIND THE NEXT HALLOWEEN FILM.
sounds like a patrick crowley remix of the halloween theme!
For those that aren't aware - John Carpenter and Alan Howarth were electronic pioneers long before these two...\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JflWFBreok
The best shit ever! Leave it to Trent Reznor to make a classic even more excellent.
Well, paint me green and call me Gumby!
Holy shit, it's so Stranger Things, the perfect blend of newness and retro combined, this is incredible!
Happy Halloween to all! 🎃
Nearly eight minutes isn’t nearly enough. MORE. NOW.
Makes me want to never visit the Facebook website again.
damn this comments are just deep throating trent like crazy. have some self respect people
Dear lord I hope they get these guys to do the score for the next one. With involvement from Carpenter.
Thank you so very much.
When the actual theme kicks in, it sounds like it’s coming out of the Nintendo Game Boy I had back in 1989.
I love this tone of the piano and this synthesizer affect with clean background!  Thank you Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross.
Secret Chiefs 3 did a much better version years ago
Dead by daylight made my roll my eyes at the Halloween theme but this changes things.
Not a Reznor fan, but this is cool...Reminds me a bit of Halloween II a bit.
Get yer f**king Evil on!!
Better than anything on the new NIN album.
I saw Micheals Myers in the Background World
Oh hell yes. This is beautiful 😍
It's okay. Much prefer the simple, sharp clarity of the original. This version trades that weird piercing power for an avalanche of bells and whistles and effects. The original is a stiletto, this one's a chainsaw.
5:30+ we need lyrics for this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!11\n\nnvm those sounds have lyrics of their own
The ending credits of the new Halloween if it was directed by David Fincher and the credits go backwards like Se7en
Stop, I can only be so erect.
This completed a chapter of my life I never knew was unfinished.
I just locked all my doors and windows
Around 6:00, I love how it ramps up and the snare beat kicks in... awesome stuff
Gets amazing at 4:40 until the end
How appropriate... The Halloween Theme, on Friday the 13th...
I haven't felt this electric since...every time I hear something they do together.
Im so happy Carpenter is doing the soundtrack but holy shit the first 3 mins of this are just chilling.
I don't want to listen to anything else right now
This just made my Friday the 13th that much better. #BDGCo
OMG I can’t wait for the new film!
EARGASM!!!! (can I say that without upsetting anyone?)
This is Trent and Atticus of course it's bad ass
After 4:30 I'm excited
All of Atticus Ross's songs sound the same!
I'm in the minority apparently, but i thought this was crap and I usually love Reznor's music.  Oh well.
Delightful! 🖤
This is love, this is  lifeeeeee
Yikes
:0000
Brilliant!!!
🎧🎃🔪🎃🎧
i need pork chop express!!!
Sounds like Tom Petty
simplesmente maravilhoso
Needs more industrial 😂😂😂😂
#heypig
6:24 November 19th?
Masterful
2:08
Lovely... Just oh so right.
LOVE IT!
*YAS*
Nice!
Solid. Frikin awesome.
Halloween Lace Neck Halter Dress - 2XL Black\nhttp://cut-urls.com/9NSQj
Not impressed
wow.
🎃 🎃 🎃
This is great
The high pitch notes don't sound right though.  They don't have resonance and just sound like samples from an old PONG video game.
Let's be real - the beauty of this track is not what Trent/Atticus have attempted to do, it's the melody Carpenter put forth in the original. Simple, yet beautifully effective and spine-tingling. This is stale. Predictable. It's a shame, but I think Atticus and Trent are TOO entrenched to realize.\n\nIncoming dislikes, but this is just an opinion.
.. & then it just turned into a typical Nine Inch Nails song at the end ..
Eh, it's simple but it doesn't blow my socks off. In fact I'd say this sounds pretty much like something Carpenter himself would have come up with after Escape From New York and The Fog.
Not a big fan of this version to be honest. This style would've been better suited to the Nightmare on Elm Street theme.
This theme has always been gimmicky and simply can't stand up to the amazing themes of The Exorcist, Poltergeist, and the little girls chant from A Nightmare on Elm Street. This remix doesn't bring a whole lot to the table but some industrial white noise.
I don't understand why people like this. It's interesting, but there's too much ambient back ground noise.  Nobody can create better Halloween music than Carpenter. I'll be bitterly disappointed if he doesn't score the new movie.
It would be interesting to see what Philip Glass could do with the Halloween score.
It's alright, but doesn't top Secret Chiefs 3's version of this tune. You should all check that one out. ;-)
Reminds me of Halloween 2's synth / organ score
shit was trash the keys were off
wow Echostar 105? I worked at the company way back when they launched Echostar VI and VII.
A few flat earthers die of heart ache after each spacex video :)
90 flat earthers and some SpaceX competitors disliked this video
Can anyone with asthma answer this survey please. This is for my dissertation and everything will be kept anonymous. THANK YOU \nhttps://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/6S2XZ9D
Why is it on fire prelaunch? What was it doing?
Saw it from my back yard, 168mi south of the Cape. Awesome!
It's really wonderful. When I'm watching when this rocket is returning from space and landing, I feel like I'm watching the next chapter in space exploration. Congratulations to SpaceX. Elon Musk, I do not think you have time to read the comments, but you know how to inspire people.
the real one crashed they switched cams to the other barge with the prop.
Bollywood celebrity Vidya balan attractive  and some hot looks and dress up\nhttps://youtu.be/8_9o0Xs08cc
Why don't you ever show a launch from the camera of a satellite or satellites? So we could see the whole operation   of launching to landing.
I recently flew on a 4 engine 747... can't imagine 20 engine's and how I would possibly survive, LOL!!!
I can understand camera getting screwed on re-entry, but surely the barge camera can have better than potato quality/connection. Still, awesome work. Look forward to much more and oneday seeing 31 raptor engines firing in all their glory.
SpaceX makes NASA look like the overpaid old timers afraid of change they are.
Thanks for a very interesting and informative video. \n\nI am curious.. After the satellite has been released, what do you do with the part of the rocket, carrying the satellite? Do you fly it back into the earth' atmosphere, so it burns up and falls into the ocean or that happens with it? \n\nIf that is the case, how much is left when it hits the water. Are we talking parts of a few centimeters or more?\n\nKeep up the good work. I love what you are doing to the world.
How I love these starts.. more please! Also: Mars! I hope once the crew is on it's way there are daily videos of how things going - will watch it! Nothing boring in pushing the boundaries of mankind :)
elon is actually a Martian just trying to get back home. :(
ArianeSpace and ULA are toast! \nSpaceX ate their lunch with Falcon 9. It's a very successful launch technology and SpaceX is already leaving it behind. \nNow Elon will show up the SLS with BFR! \nI cannot wait to see those things coming out of the sky and landing on a launch pad.
You are the best
Are there people inside?
2017 and Space companies are still using potatoes to record :/
Anyone wanna explain the space-blizzard at 41:00?
So is it time to start buying spaceX stock?
WoW was this fastest re-entry  ? Fins glowing white and plasma show up..... WoW
what if it flies over north korea and they get the wrong idea
what the hell is that camera doing ? seriously? you send rocket to space and you cant tilt the camera steadily?
Point of order!!!! You are not launching from Cape Canaveral. KSC is technically on Merritt Island. ;-)
İ Choice The Blue Pill   Morpheus  Musk !!
Subtitles seem to be about 11 minutes behind the audio(!)
SpaceX  you need a concert like TOMITA Live at Linz in Austria 2 as you send off  :)
Ah thought they had lost the first stage there for a minute would have been there first failure is a while when it was starting to look like they may have got landing the first stage down pat, they return 69 on them and they will have a better return success rate than the space shuttle, if we cut off the earlier failures which I would because the Falcon 9 is a refined rocket compared to the original Falcon 9, it's not the same machine really.\n\nAlthough having a better track record than the space shuttle is not exactly a compliment, I would like to see the Falcon 9 get to a 100,000 consecutive successful missions without a failure which was the original rating for the space shuttle... which was a bit off. But it probably wont reach that even if it never fails again because BFR should eventually be able to take over for it expect for when you need a launch window which BFR will not be ready for, because I assume that a BFR will be in maintenance for at least 6 months between maybe 5 launches and landings so if you have a fleet of 5 for example that would only give you 50 launches per year so if you need a specific launch window you will probably be shit out of luck, which is why you will still need a few Falcon 9's and Falcon Heavys laying around even if/when BFR has demonstrated it's reliability.\n\nUnless they are going to have a fleet of 37 BFR's to cover every day of the year, and building and maintaining 4-5 BFR's is already ambitious.
Its weird that Tesla cars actually accelerate faster, if you compare them side by side. The rocket just keeps going. I imagine the time when we will launch stuff to space from huge magnetic cannons, made out of hyperloops that then ignite while already hundreds of meters above ground and going just a little under speed of sound already. Could save alot of liftoff fuel payload.
Its so complicated to do, yet this video makes it look so easy.  Musk is a force of progress.
Elon Musk is the greatest foreigner to come to America since the time of Nikola Tesla. Bravo Mr. Musk.\nWish you lots of luck on your endeavors.\nIf you take advantage of everything America has to offer there's nothing you can't accomplish- Geraldine Ferraro
if they develop this rocket any further they might just go to the moon some day!
This is not Russia vs America... This humanity vs extinction  ... We are all brothers and sisters... Indian guy here going I could be a part of space x some day... :D
The Russians are known for their secrecy.
Reusing rockets: what's the big deal - I do it on Kerbal all time, and with a real short turn around time: you say this is not the same thing???? ;) Congrats Elon - and people say: What can one person do? Well how about changing the whole world and much for the better?
Excellent choice of music.
Great coverage and launch.  Didn't realize how much energy goes to climb rate.  Guess you guys are working on that experimental video feed.  Hope to see that feed progress as you have with other innovations.  Kudos on great successful deployment.  2 lauches in a week.  North Korea dictator must be just wetting his pants with green envy pee.
Well done everyone, ZERO coverage by BBC News on their website. You know you are doing an amazing job when its becoming so common to achieve this amazing feat of engineering that it doesn't even make the news! Keep up the amazing work!
At @ 6:37  you see an aircraft in the background, looks like a glitching video game the way it hesitates in flight.......
I got goosebumps literally, seeing how that stage 1 landed successfully on the deck OFF COURSE I STILL LOVE YOU
Why is the drone ship named Of Course I Still Love You?
i cannot wait for the BFR
It's a bit strange that it cut out on the landing.
@23:40 In space, they play techno.
Watched it live couldn't comment at time shame visuals were lost of rocket landing but seen most of its journey well done
All bow down to Elon Musk our savior. What I would give to work with him....He will save the world.
Best\nName \nFor\nA\nDroneship
I bore my other half to tears alot of the time when I talk about Elon Musk and the whole Space X operation... Not to mention those phenomenally stunning Tesla vehicles. He is a true visionary willing to risk his own wealth for mankind to step foot and even reside on Mars... Obviously it would mean a stupendous amount of wealth WHEN it succeeds. Would love to sit and have a coffee and chat with Elon. I admire his focus and drive on getting us to the red planet. I'm 99.999% sure Space X will get the first structure on Mars ahead of NASA.
I just love SpaceX! What an extraordinary gang! They just do it :D.\nWould have been nice to see some telemetry data from the 2nd stage during its long flight.\nBut a great presentation anyway. I love watching these launches!
Is it just me or did they attach new cameras, way better quality this time around
others can gripe but SpaceX is showing the way forward efficient to the point of 2 launches in 3 days 2 returns in 3 days multiple satellites launched without drama, they are a trucking company doing what they do best, and by developing their own equipment they control quality, remember the plan for BFR is the equivalent of launching a decent sized 4000 ton ship into orbit and reusing it as well multiple times, we really are at a crossroads
I love the drone ship names...\nOf Course I Still Love You\nJust Read the Instructions
8/10
Awesome job guys! 👏
Пойду лучше на петуха из дерьма посмотрю!!!
13:58
I would like to see G forces too in the telemetry section. Would be a nice thing to visualize acceleration.\n\nThumbs up if you want it too! :D
Fuck me Alan Musk.
Awesome :)
YAAASSSSSS TOM!!!\n\nCUTE ENGINEERS ARE A MUUUUSSSSTTTTTT!!!!
https://youtu.be/NpQZvzmc7Ms
RESPECT FROM LATVIA
As majestic every time!
Elon and Spysex are amazing! 😉
dang X3.....        WOO-HOO !!!!
Ahhh.... AWESOME
OFCOURSEISTILLLOVEYOU :0)
20:54
Super décollage, bravo à vous.
7:02 hellooooooooooooooooooo there !  *.*
22:13 and before, kabooom
Excuse me, I've got a question (and maybe a stupid one, because I don't know what could be the answer). Instead of focusing and spending so much money on reaching Mars, wouldn't be better to focus on asteroid mining technology? I think that once that we will be capabel to gain materials in the space, we will be able to build our rockets directly in space, so that the ammount of fuel needed will be much less becouse we will have no more to escape our gravity.\nHope that someone could clarify me that point.
***NEED AN ANSWER: *** so when the stage 2 rocket is activated the traveling speed starts to go up quickly as there is few friction in the atmosphere at 300km altitude. At minute 42:02 immediately the speed stops to 35'262 km/h and then starts going back. How this? An object launched at so high speed how can instantly stop?????!!! Shouldn't have a continuos movement as there is no friction!?  Thanks to all for answer
The most amazing transportation vehicle and its formed like a penis
Why did they land on the barge instead of land?  I thought land was preferable now that it has been figured out
What's the nuclear bomb looking thing in the background at 22:12
@43:40 can somebody please explain why the speed of second stage is decreasing? Shouldn't it remain constant?
@spacex is that the first stage landing at 22:12 on the left side one the screen?
What is on the horizon at 22:12? It looks like a nuke detonation.
I wish they would display m/s instead of km/h
At SapceX is there career opportunity for non US citizens
SpaceX should send a new rocket to space everyday
It looks like Elon Musk is playing Kerbal Space Program !
How long does it take the satellite to move into its final position from the deployment point ?
every day seems they send something up...the elite moving out?
Where does the second stage end up going? Does it just drift endlessly now?
Lots of space junk visible on the left camera as the 1st stage is prepping for return to earth. That's going to be a problem pretty soon I would say.
Ok...what happened at 14:55?
What is that at 22:13 on the edge of the Earth?   Is that the sun? Or stage 1?  Sorry if that's a silly question.
I wish they could also reland the second stage in another part of the world
elon ! you are gettıng lame  hahahha
weird looking rocket. lot of fancy paintings but still less than half as good as Russian rockets which take off so beautifully, very safe and reliable, unlike this american junk. here's how a rocket should take off: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyzsRjru86s
Part 1 Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSesIuHb3KA \nPart 2 Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lg0jLrccyqc \nPart 3 Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNVGF84cys0 \n The book of Daniel is interesting but I feel many studies on it just misses the mark. Take a look at this 3-part video series on Daniel chapter 9:24~27 and see what you think. I have attended many live presentations and viewed countless online videos on this prophecy and found them somewhat lacking. You may consider this comment as being a bit strong so please forgive me and look carefully at the video material I am presenting (see links). Thanks, Art  Email Contact: mailme@cambigue.com
Flat ?
20:59 Damn is this plasma ?? Good thing the first stage survived reentry
CGI is getting so realistic
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! \n\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus. \n\nHe Loves you, so please do not listen to the lies of the devil. Jesus Loves you so much, He died so that you may live. \n\nJudgement is swiftly approaching, and the Only Way to escape is through Jesus Christ. \n\nSo please, if you haven't called upon The Lord, do so today. You will be forgiven. You will be saved. You will be renewed! \nHe promises to never drive you away, so please don't listen to men and women, instead seek Jesus. He is all you need! \n\nShalom, friends.
22:10 WOW! you can see the rocket land in the background!
John Legend is legendary 👍
I like chance but his verse felt outta place
why is this shit trending, it has only 500,000 views in a day. oh wait it is pushing a liberal message. makes sense now
When I saw Chance the Rapper, I jump to the video. And you know, John Legend just killing it.
Does anyone know the song that is playing in the car, in the beginning?
whos still watching on mars in 2134
Not the actual scenario I imagined.. even a much better one ^^
I'm just here for Chance
Serious message. The world has a lot to fix with the time, the love, in the good of God
Fuck John Legend!!! He sucks. If you don't agree that then fuck you too!!
Am I the only one disappointed in Chance's part?
Why do people comment before 1 million club and things like this no one really cares or pays attention to hear comments. They're more comments that either annoy others or ones that a scrolled past without a thought. Why not write something original or something that will make you stand out? Oh well to each their own I guess,
Came for chance, did not stay for john legend. Whoever the fuck he is.
Just clicked on the video- I’m sure it’s gonna be bomb.\n\nEdit: Chance though. His flow was sick.
The evil rejects this song with its 6 6 6 dislikes
THIS SONG IS SOOOO MUCH DEEPER THAN I IMAGINED  IT... tear down the penthouse doors
The video has got no Chance.
two grammy best new artists in one song
Beautiful song for what's going on in our country right now. Thanks john :( ❤
Where the fuck are you chance
Good to see john back again with the hits, he has a newer vibe to him. Wish i could write for him
Unity is all we need. ❤
Niggers be spooking. Where is the kkk at?
Fire!!! That instrumental is incredible,, As soon as I heard it come on, I knew this song was going to be great 🔥🔥🔥 ...And these are interesting visuals as well,,
Reminds me of The Jeffersons TV show. Movin on up... Minorities so jealous of white people....
thought that was A$AP Ferg in the photoshoot lol
Chance the rapper looked real different 🤔
That bass line is straight sic wit it. That's all I like about this song. Vocally, underwhelming (as always). Let me quit playin'. I'm not feelin' this song. _YouKnow IGotSoul_ brought me here.
Where’s my man Chance?
Before a million anyone?
Anybody know why chance didn’t come out in the video?
i do not like this video, this isnt even how i imagined the video for this song.... dam
Here before 1milli , as usual ! How's everyone doing ??
Was it a message to Trump - the guy who wears the red MAGA cab and only was allowed to enter after taking it off? Powerful message from good American people to their bad American president :)
The music was overpowering Chance, I don't even know what he was talking about. Would've been better without him.
I've been waiting for this
Who is that fiiiiine young man @ 4:44?
what does this video have to do with the song xD great song tho
that was a very amazing video can't wait for more soon
I love Chance the rapper, but I didn’t feel as though this song was the most correlating vibe for him.
love the political statement. love the song. the album. fan forevaaaaaaa
Anyone noticed Right By You playing in the beggining?
Disappointed the Asian girl was once again portrayed as this scantily clad mysterious “dragon lady” at the end.
Great video👍 IT’S AMAZING
Mr. Legend, my brother you are indeed a master musician, song writer, and lyricist. Man, your musicians are tight on this song. I hear Grammy! Wow! Love this.
Man hate all this drama we have theses days... got this stuff at work and in the government ect man wish we all just stopped dividing each other and just made peace and became one. Fuck racism hate ect
Does that make him John Legend The Singer now?
I'm at a lost for words. This. This is beautiful. This is what we need. More of this.
gotta like how they made the balck lady mouth jump, nigga, jump
Hey guys I just covered a song I’d really appreciate it if you checked it out!!!1!!!1!1!! https://youtu.be/ttBhMrV_wbM
John legend slaying it again. The idea of the video is so much amazing.
below propose hardware negotiation none viewer reservation jail park street necessity
This is a bop 😌
This song makes me go to the lowest floor
THE LYRICS AND BEAT ARE SO OFF LMAO ESPECIALLY TRASH THE RAPPER .THE VIDEO IS BEAUTIFUL AND POWERFUL 😤
took you so long for the vids man...
I’m a simple person,\n\nI see Chance\n\nI click immediately
Damn. Great music video and message.
*let's go let's go let's go*\n\n*Ahhh I love it omg❤🙌🙌*
Who’s here before 1 million????
M-A-D---T-I-N-G-----
This shit corny
Covering this.
Chance is so wack
I' high
Genius
That beat tho 😱
*Instant classic*
Top demais
👌🏼👌🏼
Chance😭😭😭💕
Beautiful.
unexpected colab but perfect mix 😎🎼🎵
400k
Fuck this rasist
Ohio boy makes good 😄
Smooth
👏👏👏
Who else before dat million tho
Let's go
اول عربي يعلق
Chances part starts at 3:12
Shitty😜
Inb4 the triggered Trumpanzees. #BlackLivesMatter #ImpeachThePeach
5:35 I can't breathe
Oh chance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEY-OOK4-CI&t=115s jhon legend younger :o
isn’t the photographer jesse wellens ?
360K views
♥️♥️♥️🔊🔊🔊🔊📣📣🎶🎶🔛✔️🎉🎉
Chance the probability.
CHENS THEH RAPPUR
Hi
Respect the penthouse floor
340k
cool song.. :-)
Gay
Where my LATINOS at!!!💪♥️
MÚSICA DE PANAMÁ EN SPOTIFY\n►Top 50 Panamá► http://spoti.fi/2pNX4e5\n►Clásicos Del Típico Panameño► http://spoti.fi/2vaiD9l\n►Trap & Reggae Panamá► http://bit.ly/TrapYReggae
I'm sorry this song is garbage. I like the old John's musical style.
These videos always make me feel nostalgic for some reason even when I watch them a few days after they're made
*Knock Knock Its The Soap Gods*
The music is like brain training
What am I on?
It’s so dumb people love it
Couldn’t have done it without all the soap
I zoned out at the beginning and suddenly he was in Africa finding love and i had no idea what was going on 😂😂
This guy literally makes thousands of dollars from these unimaginative videos\n\nDid I say unimaginative? I meant   q u a l i t y   c o n t e n t
you can wash Canada, no you can't it's already clean no it's not, it's almost as dirty as America. We have bad history that is bad and very recent. So recent in fact that it is still happening today. It's bad. There's lots of racism but it's also very gay and full of crust punks so that's kinda cool I guess. Otherwise, it's bad here. Very not clean.
This is it\nThis is millennial humor
special thanks to all the soap will be written on my tombstone
How am I soapposed to understand the message
These videos are the dumbest and most genius things I have ever watched.
Is this a cry for help?
Soap doesn't get enough recognition
i have no idea what is this video  talking about …
Random is never funny but with Bill Wurtz.. It is? Somehow?
Soap eh? What kinda name is soap? Howd a muppet like you pass selection?
Is loving jesus legal yet?
I wonder how many comments just say “what the fuck”
What does this video even mean lol
people with OCD in a nutshell
They're not interested in soap\nGet new friends then
“Insert original religious joke about soap here”
YOU COULD MAKE A RELIGION OUT OF THIS
Bill Wurtz is becoming a ruthless dictator one video at a time.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
Canada is already clean eh
One time I ate a bagel
I feel like this is a commentary on something, but that silky voice is all I think about.
I need more \n\n\nS O A P
Don't drop it?
This man is slowly losing his shit and i love that I get to witness it
When Bill Wurtz is out of idea,\nhe still makes us laugh.
What did he take before making this and where can I get some?
Whenever I watch his videos, I wonder whether this is what it's like tripping on acid (in the nicest way possible) 😂
I’m holding back tears... this video is so powerful.
I feel like this is a cry for people to use more soap\nWash yo’selves
Soap Gods?\n\nHey, you could make a religion out of this!
Soap is love,\nSoap is life
s o a p e s q u e
l e t ' s g o t o A f r i c a a n d f i n d l o v e i n t h e j u n g l e
J u s t D o n t D r o p T h e S o a p O r \n\n\n\n\n\n\nit will get dirty
These are things where after you question why soap is named soap
I feel like this is supposed to mean something but.... I dont....... I cant............
You should make a history of weaboo's
Just an idea but you should do the whole bible like you did the history of the world
I get it. It's about religion.
Do NOT watch this while you're high
What if I want to make love with the soap in the jungle.
I always rent my soap, it's cheaper that way.
Are you still a piece of garbage
can you please do more history videos??
How high are you when you make your videos? Lol love the vids man keep it up
I W A N T S O A P
who is watching in 2017
Now this is what i want to watch
Ah y’all I got some soap to rent. 2$ a day. It costs extra to use it
Just don't drop it
Now this is real soap-posting
I like to think that Bill plans his videos not through a script or storyboard, but more as a general fever.
“How are you supposed to protect your soap?” \n\n“HIRE A SAMURAI!”
Still waiting for a new history video....Meanwhile enjoying the soap video... Soap is like history, just less history and more soap...
You should definitely make a video about farms and bread and stuff.
Child. Are you drunk?
Why is that people can’t accept that something is there and it’s weird and always assume it’s a hidden message or something isn’t right, just enjoy the video and accept that what he makes is what he makes
So what does the sope represent?
Don't do drugs, kids!
0:50 - 1:03 is trump on puerto rico
Don't drop the soap.
Selling some soap, contact me if you want it, comes in different flavors, $1
you could make a religion out if that
Do you think I can...\n\nH I R E   A   S A M U R A I\n\nwith soap?
WHAT I N THE ACTUALLY HECK DID I WATCH?
Thought it said soap tits, had to double check
Why didn't steve wash Africa?
Uncle D came back to let you know He Used Soap today HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA
What if the soap made a video about soap
I wonder what would happen if you took soap and combined it with soap You get top video on trending (i'm sorry this is late I saw this video when it  was #1 on trending)
*LET'S GO TO AFRICA & FIND SOME LOVE IN THE JUNGLE*
SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP SOAP
More history channel stuff
goddamnit I fucking love you
*SOAP Intensifies*
thank you
0:37 nice meme
DON'T EAT SOAP
Can soap wash my samurai?
Yay!! You're not dead!
_(whispers)_ It makes soap go...
Beautiful
ADHD thoughts
I remember cod 4...
FIDGET SPINNER
soap
yummmmm this soap is sooooo good
the fucking fidget spinner
Canada is already clean lol
I can teleport myself
*Wtf Is This*
The Australian at 1:19 🐨
I'm hot. \nEstée Lalonde.\n\nyaaaassss girl, damn right!
Does anyone ship EstLan? I do! <3\n\nxoxo,\nIya
🇬🇷❣️❣️❣️❣️💗💗💗💖💖💖💖☝️☝️☝️🙂🙂🙂
fallen in love
Who spotted Aslan's crocs at 9:53
Huhu this is unfair :(((( literally amazing
Ahhhh looks so relaxing
<3
Ugh dream vacation 😍😍
Unbelievable views! Thanks for sharing!
THIS. IS. UNREAL.
Wow! Looks so gorgeous! Love your vlogs :)
Ugh insanely beautiful !
I missed your vlogs ❤
hello from Greece!!🐬🐬🐬
Helloooo from Greece!!!
it totally looks like sexplorer lmao!!!
WOW 😍
This is freaking GOALS 😍🙌🏻✨
Wow ! I am speechless!
I missed your vlogs so much, Estee! Thanks for the video)
And also look - a cave!...So cute
I love how you bounce off one another, you're a great team! Santorini is so dreamy and beautiful too, it's on The List
the sound quality is so good. What did you guys used for that?
santorini, mykonos, rodhes, korfu etc. are some shity places to visit. they can just offer you a touristic package that's 100% fake. i m a greek, born and raised in a real greek island. you should visit some other islands like lesvos, samos, ikaria, oinouses, chios if you want to explore how greeks really live and enjoy some magic landscapes! \nmany kisses from greece!
so glad you had the best time in my country
I've watched many vlogs of Greece but honestly this is the only vlog where it made me seriously consider going there. You filmed it beautifully thank you guys!!
Lovely!! I'm Greek & I'm so lucky I have family in Santorini, it is like paradise 🌷Btw check on L'Artisan Parfumeur perfumes, you may find something reminding you of that moment with fresh air, oakmoss, wildflowers & fir. I love Premier Figuier, it reminds me of late summer, early fall scents in Greek islands.
It’s Amazing!!!!love it😍😍
So creepy. We stayed in that hotel and did that trail...... Very creepy. Although it was 95 degrees when we did that hike. I was dead.
I went last October and really want to go back
you're a brave girl in the all grey workout gear.. my underboob and butt sweat (sorry, not sorry) would not allow for that colour scheme! hahaha also where is that pink suitcase from!!! xx
Woah the filming and coloring of this video is so unique! For some reason it makes me feel dizzy though, I don't think I can watch the whole video, anyone else feel that?
I love you guys. I also love that Aslan is a nerd that fully researches everywhere you guys go so he can be the tour guide we all deserve.
hi esteé, what camera did u use to film this?
Omg I love that piercing. It seems new to me, but maybe I was blind all along? ANYWAYS I LOVE IT
Whenever I smell the polluted diesel smell I actually miss London!
You two are so dang cute!
What kind of luggage do you have Estee? I'm in the market for a new carry on.
ESTEE THAT DRESS IS SO CUTE I CANNOT HANDLE IT
Was this filmed on a red camera wtf?? This quality is CRISP *italian hand kissy thing*
Not seeing the thumbnail very well I was like who the hell is Santorini?!? What happened to Aslan!!!!'
this vlog is soooo dreamy and well-captured 😩 which camera did you use?
Haha, zonked, exactly what 90-year-olds stuck in 20-year-olds' bodies would say.
Now this is what I like. :)
Aslan with dem facts. 😂 love it!
it is your honeymoon?
I really like this vlog and I love love love your dress and yeah, everything is so beautiful. Aaaah, thank you for this nice video
You look lovely in the lighting at 14:30. would make a lovely photo.
Certainly becoming a popular place, great video. Not sure if it’s for me though
The music sounded like a strange high laugh. Anyone else? Love the video guys, hope you had a great trip.
Oh my god this is so beautiful I need to go there
Amazing! So excited for you guys!
The way you described the air smelling reminds me of the description of Diptyque's perfume Philosykos! I have it and to me it smells like what you were describing the air to smell like during your hike. You should check it out!
Hi, small YouTuber from Germany here! I also made a video of my trip to Santorini. If you like, please check it out on my channel :) thanks!
This had me grinning from ear to ear. You two are so giddy! It's endearing xoxo
my god! what i imagine heaven looks like
Best Vlog for sure 😄 I love you guys ❤️🎈
This is so beautiful. Love the cinematography.
Santorini looks beautiful, as well as you both!
I love this vlog!! Beautiful scenery, you both look relaxed and cute... \nI'm still wondering if the 15 'Dislike' people enjoy their lifes? If you are envy or something else - just leave. There is nothing wrong with this vlog, it's a lovely peek inside Estee's life.Thanks for sharing!
Where can I find my own Aslan.. ugh I love you guys
You were probably also just smelling the lovely wild herbs like thyme
Fun!  I'm in Athens right now with my guy and we're heading to the Amorgos Island soon - I think we're planning a day trip to Santorini :) Have a blast!
Oh Estée...you are both so damn cute!!!
omg the beginning of the video is creepy. where are the people???? i know it's not a season, but still! At least someone? It looked spooky haha :)
Flashback Friday - my best friend and I did this hike a few years ago. It was truly breathtaking! Even though I was exhausted after it was soooooo worth it! Glad you two enjoyed Santorini!
What s the bgm for 14:44?
So nice to see both of you enjoying yourselves! What an amazing place and the views are breathtaking. I especially liked the view at dinner with the boats lights sparkling on the water😍
I'm going there on my honeymoon in about a week and I'm SO EXCITED
I’ve always wonder why Estee and Aslan never go somewhere hot and near the sea because that is my idea of a holiday. And I am really happy to see you guys go somewhere like that 😂
I'm living for this colour palette 😍
The sound and video quality in this video is amazing!!!!!
The views are just so breathtaking!! Also need to say how good the audio is!👌🏻👌🏻
This video was so good and done so well!!! The views & music & everything flowed so nicely. Thanks for sharing!!
Oh my God!!! What a lovely city and that hotel is incredible gorgeous!!! Every time you vlog food I can’t help but thinking oh nooo Esteé, it’s getting cold 😁😆😃. Lots of love. Loving your podcast by the way 🙋🏼
Really hate the fish lens and the dull effect you have. Santorini waters are so BLUE and everything looked hazy/grey in this vlog. Hope this isnt something you continue!
Ok Santorini is officially on my list of places to go because of you two!
You two all dressed up against that sunset. You guys looked amazing! Great vlog!
It‘s gorgeous there! Can not believe how beautiful it looks! 😱 And Estée, that French Connection dress looks absolutely stunning on you! 👌😍
Aslan is so charming and clever! Love you together so much :)
Thanks for the great vlog. Absolutely beautiful and you two are so perfect together.
why is the video so grey
Oh girl your love for the Greek souvlaki is real 😂 as a Greek girl I can feel you 100% but as I was in London in May and I tasted  the glorious bucket  the battle is tough 💣😂😂😁 kisses from Athens
Loved this! Also Oia is pronounced EE-AA (like the sounds of sEE and cAr)
Everything about this is beautiful!
Love the blog! Kind of miss the clarity of the old camera though
I got married in pygros 😊 I LOVE santorini! X
Holy shit. I can only dream to go on a vacation like this. I hope those of you who can go around the world know just how lucky you really are.
Ντάξει, καλή κι Σαντορίνη αλλά Σαντηχαλκιδικη δεν έχει... #καποιοςεπρεπενατοπει. So glad you fell in love with this amazing island. Hope next time you explore more of our heavenly islands and cities!
Σαν την Ελλάδα μας δεν έχει πουθενά αλλού! 💕💕
Question, when hotels put out full size products, are they considered complimentary and you can take them away? Or do you leave them?
Aslan´s Hello.. Hi at 17:25 killed me! Why is this so freakin funny??
Is the sound different on this vlog?? What camera are you using?? It sounds like a voice over the voices pick up so well. How did you edit it??? Its a great video!!!!!
I wanna go back home lol 🇬🇷
I am from Greece. Santorini is one of the most expensive island i know.
OKAY, I just got back from visiting Morocco where all of the riads (hotel/hostels) had bathrooms with open cut-outs to the room. WHAT IS UP WITH THAT? Had to get to know the girls I was traveling with real quick because there was 0 privacy. Just cracked me up when you pointed out the window to the shower in your iconic hotel!!
People with influence as you are  become the best ambassadors for our country!!!
Welcome to Greece. Your Greek subscribes are so proud of your video, thank you for your beautiful and kind words!\nbut then again i didn't expect anything less of you...you are one of the kindest and sincere
I loved Logan and Children of Men is one of the best films ever made, so I had a lot of fun putting this one together! *What films would you like to see me tackle in the future?*\nAlso, if you happen to be looking for stock footage for a project and want to help support LFTS, check out the 7 day free trial of Videoblocks: http://bit.ly/LFTSVideoblocksTrial
could you please do the Shawshank Redemption next? \np.s. I love all your movies. Keep it up :)
I would love to hear you talk about an Edgar Wright film. Any of them really (my favorite is the World's End and no one talks about it). Anyway, great observation, great editing, thank you. I always look forward to your videos, keep it up.
Man, this video is great!
Do something over Jack Reacher Never Go Back
Dammit, I need Act 2 and 3! Great work man!
Logan is not a great movie, Children of Men on the other hand, it is
Love the video and the way it pleasantly surprised me. Also could you or anyone else please tell me the film music used in this video?
Had Clive Owen been ten years younger, he would have made an interesting Logan.  Had Hugh Jackman been ten years younger he would have made an interesting James Bond.  Hmmmm.  Not that Clive played Bond, but when you look at the old BMW ads he starred in you could see he woulda been a good one.
Try comparing Moulin Rouge and Star Wars because both have (possibly surprising) foundations in mythology/hero's journey, which is of course quite the common archetype for stories.
i think it's really interesting that the last of us could be considered a hybrid of both these character arcs. Joel is also a man devoid of hope for the future who travels across america with a young girl who symbolises hope. He also learns both how to love (value of family like logan?) and how to hope for a future again. P.S very solid video, well done
what about doing Leon or maybe a cartoon like rick and morty or a foreign film \nlove the channel!!!
While this is a video essay analyzing two screenplays, its like a short film in itself. Fantastic.
Yes yes and yes. Keep ‘em coming.
Always looking forward to your videos ! Thank you !
Awesome video. I like videos of this kind. However, i feel like the arc of Logan has been done a million times in different and better ways. I cant say anything about Childre of Men, because I havent seen it
You doing a great job in these videos. Thank you😊
Great video! I finally have Truby's book and it's a great resource, everything is laid out in depth and detail and once you see the structure, it's hard to 'un-see', such is the consistently refined nature of story-telling.\n\nStill waiting on The Godfather!
I feel like the first Iron Man and Unbreakable fits this as well.
Great video man. Makes me wanna watch Children of Men again.
I get so much out of these videos! So engaging and clever. I feel like I'm learning a lot and hopefully becoming a better writer too - and if not then at least I was entertained, so thanks :)
I've never clicked so fast. Both of these movies are damn awesome
everytime you think nothin new and nice on YT, evrything is just jakepaulers and ricegums ripping of childreen. something great is to find! Thanks!
please do an episode on the last of us !!
Fantastic essay as always, please keep them coming! I'm guessing you write? i'm finishing up a screenplay today in fact... I've found that I write the first few drafts on instinct then as I go over them watch essays like yours and read books like truby to see if there are any tips like 'the end is the beginning' to help make my script stronger. Thanks to you I've added two lines that I feel round off my whole screenplay that might otherwise have been missed so thanks. Keep up the good work!! X Z
What if the protagonist believes in a truth that everybody else believes is a lie. I am thinking of Trigun, Pan's Labyrinth (maybe), 12 Monkeys. Nausicaa, Terminator 2.
'Blood Diamond' also follows a similar story arc
That was absolutely beautiful. Thank you for this enlightening and clear videos! Do you think it's possible to start a story directly with act2, where the hero is already engaged in the quest, giving as implicit the inciting incident and stepping right into the upside world?
Michael have you played The Last of Us? Or at least watched the excellent cinematic playthrough?\n/playlist?list=PLTzt1HHioGrYy9T0S7yEwKo1z-iiMSXYg
This is in a different medium, but The Last of Us actually shares many structural similarities to Children of Men and Logan from a story standpoint. Makes sense, since Children of Men was one of Neil Druckmann's inspirations when writing The Last of Us. It seems that this sort of story about a protagonist finding redemption when being forced into the role of a caretaker is incredibly impactful when done well.
End is the beginning. So basically the Last of Us
so basically the end is a new beginning?
Man, I get choked up just seeing that shot of Laura tilting the cross with no context or audio. Who'd have thought a comic book movie would be able to make me cry?
With the release of Justice League coming soon, I would love to hear your thoughts about the concept of the 'team up film'. I'm not only talking about Justice League and the original Avengers film but also films like Seven Samurai, Inception, Ocean's Eleven, the Dirty Dozen, the Usual Suspects and even Armageddon. This is a tired and true concept as it can work across all genres but it seems very hard to succeed at because not only do you need to have your team work towards a goal but each member of your team needs to have their own moments and unique personalities. What are some tropes you see in this particular format as well?
I found children of men a much better film in pretty much every way, Logan in my opinion was a poor film in general with a weak plot and weak characters
....So this is what it feels like...
Silence of the Lambs\nAmadeus\nIncredibles\nHer\nAll About Eve\nDead Poet's Society\nFargo\nExorcist\nGreen Mile\nChinatown
You always seem to make the exact right video for me. Keep up the good work! Love your videos
Logan is a generic knockoff of Children of Men
Great analysis of these movies. I really liked how you introduced a couple other influencing books. I am eagerly awaiting the next one!
Do you rip all the film footage yourself?
I was reminded of Children of Men the whole way through Logan, or at least until that stupid clone turned up.
Completely love this and all you videos... But every time you said Theo and Logan my mind drifted to Bill and Ted
Thank you for your content!
Great video. You left out a key part of Logan's normal world that shapes the lie he believes. Logan' has lived many many years. Bad things happen to people he cares about because he has lived so long and through so much. He always outlives the people he cares about both because he is virtually indestructible and because of the longevity of his life. His mutant gift is his curse and shapes the way he has viewed the world for a long time. That curse gives depth to his pain beyond the simple statement that bad things happen to those he cares about.
no one is talking about the last of us being the love child of these 2 movies!
thanks for discussing two of the best films. I am glad to have subscribed to your channel. Thanks.
Very well done comparison. I enjoy your essays and love the references you use as supporting evidence.
Probably one of my favorite videos of yours I have seen thus far. I always share them with my writing group; though we are novelists, work like this shows quickly concepts which are difficult to grasp without hours of reading and analysis.
Great job man. Keep it up
logan is a joke. do inherent vice
This reminds me a lot of the hero's journey.
Your essays are amazing as always, thank you
Very Intriguing Micheal, thank you. Could you do an analysis on The Secret Life of Walter Mitty about how to make an audience reexamine the mundane
Wow this has helped me so much. So simple. I never picked up those books you mentioned in the face of all the other inches and yet that so simple explanation about the lie just clicked into my head about the heroes journeys. Making it so much more accessible to me as a writer. Thank you! Def. gonna check the book out now.
Never would have compared the two but your breakdown is so interesting
I see in this so many stories I love and characters i deeply care about. Amazing essay, thank you.
This Was Absolutely PERFECT!!!
I misread the title and I thought it's going to about how the end of the movie is really a new beginning hehe.
Im a literature student and im interested in screenwriting; for me these videos are GOLDEN keep up the good work man!
wow what a discussion. mindblowing! keep it on!
The Last of Us does this too.
Hey! I love your text animations when you cutaway to a book quote. Do you use a preset for these animations? Do you mind if I ask how you do it?
Logan AND Children of Men...is it my birthday?!
I'm not a student of film, but I couldn't watch Logan - it was one of the few films I switched off before it finished. All the emotion seemed so tacky and cliche - please, Logan; do it for the children... And all the swearing and blood just seemed like cheap, desperate attempts to regain an audience that's moved on. The bad guys were unrealistically evil, and not surprisingly arranged into a heartless, tattooed, child-killing muscled paramilitary posse - the perfect characters to have die - and headed by a suave young bad ass leader - there wasn't one thing this movie did which hadn't been done a million times before, including in Children of Men.  \nOver-emotional, unimaginative, and falling over itself to be gritty, it just didn't do it for me at all.\n\nSo yeah, I didn't like it, and don't think it came anywhere near CoM.
Incredible insight. I'm always glad to see more love for Children of Men, which is in my opinion one of the best and most underappreciated movies ever made.
Isn't Casablanca also technically this thing? Where the lie is that Rick no longer cares about anything, and she shows up to blow up his world.
Brilliant as always, you're a serious inspiration for YouTubers who want to create refreshing, excellent content.
Wow that was a brilliant video, very educational, thank you so much!
Please do something on WestWorld. That show is writing genius!
Read this quote recently. Life begins at the end of your comfort zone. I find it curious that the Act One turning point, shatters normal world, and marks the end, of a protagonist's comfort zone. I know it's designed that way, but it's curious that change is all around us, and we all love to deny it. Thank you movies for existing, else we'd be blind men in a figurine museum
You can easily make the same comparison with The Last of Us
Throughout this clip I couldn't help but draw parallels between this formula and the video game , 'The Last of Us'. Anybody who hasn't played that, by the way, get on it. It is a masterpiece.
Brilliant
You are truly amazing!
This was excellent
OMG! Great!
One  kingman
Synecdoche New York
Genius man
Good job mate...
You're awesome
subbed
Great as always.
Something on Mr.Robot?
Please do Donnie darko
Grest video
great video
wow that was amazing, thank-you
I loved Children of Men, Logan was terrible though.
I had 3 thoughts while watching this video.\n\n1.) If the lie the character believes is reinforced by the world, how is it a lie? The first pregnant woman in 18 years is the circumstances of the world changing, before her what he believed was true. \n\n2.) Logan the movie never proved that the lie Logan the character believed to be false. At the end of the movie, two of the 3 people in his life die, and one is on the run from people who are hunting her. Even the nice family he stayed with on the farm all die. Shitty stuff happened to the people he let into his life. If anything, the movie proves him right. \n\n3.) Reading books about how to write stories and character arcs seem to me like all it will do is produce very formulaic writers.
can anyone explain why the refusal is necessary? I often feel that this part appears old-fashioned...
Hi! Could you guys be so kind to recommend me some good books on film directing and storytelling like the one it mentions on the video? Thank you very much! Awesome work as always.
This is arguably my favourite video so far, man. Thanks for this yet again!
This video could just as easily have been about Logan vs. Children of Men vs. The Last of us
hm,  I thought LOGAN was a lot like 'No Country for Old Men' meets  'Little Miss Sunshine'   :)
Wow, this analysis was hypnotizing, I couldn't look away from the screen. Great video Michael, thank you!\nYour channel inspires me.
Great video! Would love to see your analysis of Big little lies
Another perfect video yet again by the genius of you. Thank you! (: I wasn't too interested in seeing Logan but I am now because of this video. I would like a video on Moonrise Kingdom or Fantastic Mr. Fox :P
You've made a lot of amazing and useful videos. I have to say, this is the best and most important lesson you've taught.
this is a blessing
Ricegum took the L
the blue guy looks like alfie deyes and markiplier combined
Taylor York is DEFINITELY MY FAVORITE PERSON ON EARTH
I love this band
why is paramore the weirdest band ive ever seen?
Looks so fun and enjoyable, and then as soon as the song ends her face changes in a millisecond :/
Taylor is the best 💜💜
i m    g a y    f o r    h a y l e y    w i l l i a m s
TAYLOR TAYLOR TAYLOR TAYLOR TAYLOR you're such a cutie ph my god.
Didn’t this band used to have guitars?
haha that must be pretty fun :)
I CANT TAKE IT THEY ARE JUST TOOOO DAMNNNN CUTEEEEEE
they're all so cool i stg this looks like so much fun
Omg tayyyyylorrrrrrr hes so cuteeeeee
Oh Hayley <3
isnt taylor a cutie pie?
my precious lil beans
I just... c'mon guys! You are freaking awesome. loooooove you so much
0:24 is this the wiggles
This is so cute and gorgeous and ohh my heart I love Paramore
The best of Paramore
https://youtu.be/Cm8V8TTJNpo Please support my MOVEMENT! 🔥🔥🔥💯 #Real
At my concert, Zach snatched some girls painting. Like stopped everything and asked if he could have it
When the weed hits u and u ain't even ready
All of them r me jammin to this song
B E A U T I F U L
YOU GUYS ARE ALL SO CUTE TOGETHER
protect my family at all costs please
They look like they're having nothing but good times
0:12 looks like something out of a Bollywood movie xD
It must be awesome to be in Paramore, just have fun and mess around in music videos.
There's 666 comments right now, must keep Paramore #BLESSED
I just realized those glasses aren't real glasses...
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH <3 TAYLOR YOU'RE FREAKING CUTEEEEEEE
No hate on me!
They look like they had so much fun recording this! That's adorable.
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
THIS IS SO CUTE! 💝\nLove Zac's beanie (and him XD)
This make me so so happy, that face at 0:40  jajaj i love it .  I love my babes they're so adorable that melt my heart ♥♥♥
Will the guy in the yellow pls marry me
ALL THREE ARE CUTE!!!
I love her. Luckily no one will ever see this comment.
Where is the Rose-Colored Boy music video?? :'(
A D O R A B L E
thought it was only nasa who used green screen to fake the inside of the iss
yesssss I love this so much
why am I crying? I'm sooo happy for them!!! <3
My love for paramore has increased (is that even possible?!)
this is the most amazing thing ive seen in my whole life
Their songs literally give me a will to live.
Y'all go sub to our channel. We just started and we would greatly appreciate it 👍🏼
Just made my day😆
Taylor is the sexiest man on earth 😍
AAAAYYYY! My favorite band's on Trending! :D Nice vid! I love guys! Keep up the great music! :)
Wait... so it was all fake?
Wtf. I've known paramore for 9 years now and they still look good af.
They are all so beautiful, my eyes have been blessed
I'm so gay for Hayley Williams
I want to ejaculate into her mouth.
52k why the fuck is this trending
Oh look!! A generic thumbnail with two gaping dicksuckers and some Pepe Le Pew homo skulking over a shoulder ... great
So lovely!
PARAMORE SAVING MY WEEK AGAIN AND AGAIN...
Hayley is hilarious and beautiful
these adorable people
OMG 😍❤️✨
TRENDING
#38 on trending good job paramore!!
*_*5000 screenshots_**
Ellos son asombrosos.... :)
Ricegum please take this L
It’s trending 😂
Cute af
come to peruuuu please
Scripted
AW
My heart just explode
Taylor is so goofy 😂
Vergaaaaaaaa llegue bien tarde :'c
taylor so cuteeeeee
ALSO #37 ON TRENDING YAS QUEEN
in love
Taylor - you'll float too.
This will do............unzips pants.
miss old paramore 😫
LOVE YOU GUYS 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
Love love love!!!
I freaking love you guys 😭❤ #paramoreforever
Great video!
Zac emotionless af
Cuties ❤️💙
Illuminati
ITS ON TRENDING IM SO HAPPY
Fuck I Love Hayley Williams
Bonafide cuties
This was excellent lol!
What a goddamn cute band
Oye me llamo Haily es parecido a tu nombre
Me alegra verles divirtiéndose mucho, esto significa algo bueno.
Love this videos. Thanks for doing them. You so beautiful with out makeup. 👶❤👍
I don’t know why you eat so healthy and wisely yourself but your eldest daughter is overweight because she gets to eat too much crap.
Why do you drink bottled water at home?
You’re skin looks so clear and beautiful!!
Hahaha love Emilia’s sassy personality “it’s not late for me because I’m big. It’s late for THEM.” 😂
As soon as you said the pancakes are dairy free, I paused it, went & pinned it, then came back to watch this. Thanks for sharing.
I've always really loved these videos, so excited that they're back!!
Love your videos Anna so glad you've brought this series back💗💗🍂
i watched this vlog earlier 😂 its like dejavu!
Hey Anna, I used to spend so much on bottled water, I’ve bought a Brita filter which is so much better! Water tastes good, saves money and great for the environment. Haven’t bought bottled water in ages 😊
your skin is so good! haven't watched your vids in awhile and I've def noticed that your skin has improved so much!
glad your back we've missed you Anna
Your skin! Tell us how!!!
I like how you do back to what ate Wednesday.
Yaaaas the what I eat are back! Missed this videos 💖💖💖
Yay.. what I ate Wednesday's are back 😊
Hi there! Just subbed. I love your videos and you have a beautiful family 😎
I am never leaving comments but Anna you look soooo damn beautiful in the beginning with your hair open.. wow! ❤️
I can relate to this on so many levels...
When is the next pregnancy?
So glad you're back!
Sunday’s are made for days at home! Love that you’re filming videos again they’re brilliant 😘 xx
What I eat in a day? Erm everything, that's why I'm fat.
Oh, Jonathon!!! LOL. The question is, did he remember the Birthday Gift!!!  :)
So beautiful. Inside and out 🌹
Yaay! So glad your back 😍 and I love these videos. Don’t worry Anna, we all have those lazy days and we need them ❤️
Can u pls vlog a grocery shop day woth the kida i think it would be hillarious!:);)
it's not late for me because I'm big - she is adorable.
There is something about you Anna. Like you seem more at peace then I ever noticed in your older vlogs. It’s refreshing! ♥️
What did Jonathan used to call the sandwiches back in the older vlogs
Please make a video about your meal planning process!
So glad you are vlogging again we have missed you ❤️❤️
You look stunning without makeup . Love these videos glad they are back
I’ve missed these so much!!!!😍😍😍😍😍
It’s so funny watching this video after watching their vlog
I think its great that this WIAW is trending higher than Mikey Cyrus in Carpool Karaoke!! 😂😂👍👌
Yay a new video! I'm not planning on leaving the house today.... And it's a Thursday. Is that a negative thing?
And don't say  i did nothing  u are a mother of three who does more than you!?
Hi anna 😍 can you please do videos about cleaning routines. Thanks love u 💕
The kids grew up so much. Wow I send so much love to your family.
Could you do a video on how you do your meal planning?
fav vidoes these are so helpful for those of us that have eating issues and need to learn a balanced food routine , thank you Anna youre an angel xxx
I love these videos! :)
I love your videos sooo much 😍 Greetings from Germany!🌸🙋
seen about 45654 comments on Anna's beaut skin
Yeah liked the video as soon as I saw the title!
Ur natural look is sooo pretty I don't even think u need makeup ,tired or not !😘😘😘😘
omg loooove her eyes!! shes so cute and eager to be on the camera, adorbsssss
You look so much younger and beautiful without makeup Anna and I think you lost weight
Yes!!!!!! A day of rest is needed for everyone! Love you Anna!!!! Your skin is amazing! You should do an updated skin routine! Xxx
#4 on trending we live you Anna 😘
So weird to know you eat this early, cause in France we start dinner time around 7-8pm 🙊
It wasn't boring to me!
I was missing also xxx
Anna do updated skin routine video please
Great video! Fresh face no make up and you look fabulous. And I have major hair envy.
These are my favorite videos from you! Thanks for bring them back.
OMG!!!!! How did you get your skin looking like this?????? 😍😍😍😍😍 please! Make a video!!😍😍😍😍😍😱😱😱😍😍😍😍
i missed these! love you anna!
Oh my god Emilia cracks me up every time. It's not late for me because I'm big :D She's so sassy, I love her!
Does Anna have a gluten allergy ?
Love the what I ate Wednesday vlog finally it's back 😎 I wanna ask do u they give alessia baby food from the shops like ellies kitchen or Heinz baby food or they make home made baby food
I love your videos anna!! finally you're back :)
My favourite video series on YouTube ever! 😍 this made me so happy!
Missed what I ate Wednesday so much
So glad these are back!!! Xx
Anna, you're #9 trending!!
yayayayayayayayay!!!😂💗💗
It's not late for me. It's late for them. hahahaha omg I love Emilia she's so smart and sassy for her age! Crazy that I have been watching since she was born.. she is so big now. And btw I love the What I Ate Wednesday Videos!!
Alessia sounds like such a good napper! My 4 month old is a major cat napper.. 3 or 4 x 30 minute naps! Nothing I do gets her to stay asleep for any longer! 🤷🏼‍♀️ your dinner is a staple in this house too, quick & healthy! 😃
So glad you're back Anna!!! :)
The sass when she said it’s not too late for me because I’m big 😂😂
Anna you are such an Inspiration to me. I am a first time mum with a 4 month old daughter and I would be beyond happy if I got nearly as much done as you do (minding I have only one child and two cats to look after...). I hardly go outside and if I do I get super stressed out.   Love watching your videos, thank you!
Do you have a cleaning the house routine? What products do you use?
It's honestly refreshing to see a stay home vlog! It's definitely not borning. I really enjoyed it. ☺️ Watched this while making my breakfast! ♥️
Sleepy at home Sunday’s are amazing. Echoing everyone else your skin looks fantastic!
https://youtu.be/qFq1ATDVWp0
love it!!!<3
Yaaaaay!!!!
*See's Watiroses* DAMMMMMMMMN
Yay , xxx
Yayy!!! Love these videos!!!💕
yaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
YAY IM SO HAPPY 😀
Love it
Yay!! love these videos Anna xx
your lunch looks like panera lol
Yeah so glad your  back
omg finally!!!!!
ITS NUMBER 4 ON TRENDING
#4 on trending congrats! 🍉😃😗😊😋
Whys this trending
“It’s not late for me because I’m big” yeah you fat kid
you guys seem so tired of filming
Why all the bottled water? Get a filter instead!
PLEASE STOP DRINKING BOTTLED WATER, SO BAD FOR ENVIRONMENT!
How the hell can people watch this for 12 min straight?!
How on earth is this trending? Even breast feeding mothers don't need to watch this if they did any research before having a child, but the fact it's trending would suggest random people are watching what a breastfeeding mother eats in a day
I don’t get these videos. Watching someone else’s life
So unhealthy wow
21 spitting that real shit
Add me on snap @ tapia21dose
❤❤
Lil kid looks like ty dolla sign
Snapchat —> misterb26
2 mil
riot-xxxtentacion vs Nothing new-21 savage
Donald trump disstrack xd
21 Savage now 21 stable
21 realest shit u ever wrote💯
Everyday im shufflin
It aint NANUuuu
This nigga brags about killing other niggas
not gunna lie, this is crisp as fook
Savage to fuckin real
21 tears 😢
Damn  21 savage  is lit  👌✔💯💯
sad nigga hours
Thats 100% hes talking some real shit listen carefully
Thats true...:(
Song fire tho 🔥
Video is fucking insane 🔥🔥
#go21savage
Carai que ruim!
😐🔫
Literally lol
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥facts bruh preach that shit 21
21 the actavis drinkin activist
#HipHop
This shit goes hard!
Lit!🔥🔥
*Search up Sniper J Era on YouTube.* He's an Indian kid that spits straight heat. *YOU WON'T REGRET IT.*
🔥🔥
That beat misses a kick drum
waiting for zias reaction
21 X UZI 🔥🔥🔥
3.3 million in a day...damn
this my shit idk why but it opens up the truth about everything
It's all in the bible
This is some real shit..
This how you fucking show racism in the world, I fucking loved it, keep killing it 🤜🏼
best video he did hands down 🙏✊
Powerful shit... 21 laying down the truth
Tbr, was never a huge 21 fan, but DAYUUUM. deserves respect 💯
Man this sad and fire mostly fire 😭🔥
Why everyone praising this nigga obama he literally bombed the shit out of the middle east
Is that officer HITLER????
dope 🔥🔥\nedit: 🚀last week i released my track Rendezvous, its german, but maybe you feel the vibe anyway🙏🏽❤🚀
God fucking dammit, i'm white myself and I'll be damn honest. I wanna vomit because of how the dumb-ass american police does things with the black people. Makes me fucking sick that I'm white, just like these shit cops...I wish they have stopped that shit, it's a pain to look at...
It really isn't nothing new nigger have been the same since we freed them
Half the views is thanks to me
Who is here before 100 millions
everyone calling this shit deep in the comments lmaooo
Boi you look like the black Casey Neistat
Oh this is a crank music
How are you going to complain about black men being killed, when all you do is rap about killing black people and selling drugs that destroys your communities ?
best 21 song by far.
Black lil dicky at the start
Give me some feedback on this new song!!!\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7R7kQsiKu0
Love the song. But you can't blame Trump for your problems. Blacks kill more blacks than cops do. Trippin..
So savage he made me cry like a lil bitch
This is spiritual!!! From the beat to the lyrics! Masterpiece!!
Check this one out\nhttps://youtu.be/9QPPYRwoQYg
officially my new favourite song by 21 Savage, this some real stuff
Don't let this distract you from the fact this nigga calls himself a savage but held up a sign that said I'm a hoe to
All u hype beast ass niggas didn't know about this song lol. Saying I listen to 21 savage and only rock out bank account fuck outta here Lmfao!!!!
It really ain't nothing new this world is just falling apart slowly. And the people who try to change this world normally end up shoot or killed. Such as Christians and we get killed a lot in the eastern hemisphere it's sad. Besides that fire track bro.
#ForTheCulture , first line was for all you haters
This is deep you really gotta listen to the lyrics it's so deep and it learns you how it is in the U.S.
21 is the only rapper saying anything meaningful and real these days
All the issues he pointed out in regards to the inner cities and the conditions that foster crime are mostly true, but it has nothing to do with racism it's got everything to do with policies that democrats pass to keep African Americans in poverty
*FUCK AKON He Called This Trash*
Got to respect it no matter what race you are this shit that 21 is putting out is the truth and I wish we could have a president that could Unite this country.
Who's here before 10 mil?
FUCK ALL POLITICIANS THEY DONT DO SHIT BUT GET RICH
I feel like this song is going to blow up,remember me when this hits 69m views
Racism will never end deal with it
fuck obama trump all day get real fuck
made with the money of jake paul
21 looking ugly as hell in this video what happened
OK 21, some impactful shit, I feel this.
Its Not On Spotify Yet😢
Police will stop killing yall when y'all stop killing each other
Watch my new video on this guys!!!
Support 21 savage 🖤 A diffrent voice . You are gonna hit the whole gang shit 🔥
Good song still talking about shit that goes on but no one seems to care this is gonna blow
Man this song deserve respect \nThis isn't an ordinary song . It has a meaning \nListen again and listen to the lyrics . Not to the tune 👊👊❤
Dont wanna break the video for you but the real problem is black on black homicide. Blacks are about 13% of the population and do about 52% of the crimes
Five nights at Freddie's
21 may shoot up my whole family but I fuck with dis song.
Best song so far.
“they thought i only rapped murder and pistols”\n\n*proceeds to rap about murder and pistols*
They killed Martin Luther King all he did was spoke
Getting C grade in a test\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIt ain’t nothin new
Mickey : Doctor my knee has been hurting \nDocter: wich knee\nMickey: Disney \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGive me L's
MY MAN'S DRY SNITCHED SO MANY TIME'S AND RATTED HIMSELF OUT 😋😋😋😐😐😐👎👎
This song is deep... yo never thought that from 21
now this is music. lyrics are like from the 90s. I fuck with this🔥💯
I don't understand why people can dislike this, he's only speaking the truth! I bet those dislikes are people who are probably racist or just want to hear him talk about shooting ppl because they think it's cool but he couldn't help that he was born in that environment. Yes, 21 mentions guns, but this has meaning and he is maturing. I don't think he's turning into a conscious rapper LOL but this is deep tho. I'm quite sure he's aware of what's going on in this country especially on the behalf of non-white races. I don't mean to bored y'all but I love all races. He was in the streets for a while and maybe now he wants to try something different because no one wants to live that street life forever. I respect it. 💯🔥🔥🔥
Martin Luther King also Died of speaking too ...Respeck saVage
8 times 21 ? is 168 as easy as my first add math problem
My name is Jeff
8 times 21...seriously Channing? hahah
What do you think , it's a #MysteryShot ... ???
HAHAAH ANDY JUST WANTED TO DRINK VODKA TOO
Because Channing, I watched this video😃😃😃. My Idol😍
Chaning is love ....... Chaning is life........
I love him but sorry 8x21 isn't difficult!
Channing Tatum is adorable ❤️
The most boring video ever
How is he already stupid drunk after only 2 shots? That's only like 2 beers lol
it should be called 'Vodka Russian Roulette.  :D
Is he from the south
the other guy just took the chance to drink whenever he could
burberry give away on my channel
Jerk to Johnson and his 500000$$$$×10000!
I Love U Ellen 😊
I had no idea Tatum is THIS dumb
I wanted to then see him drunk!
His name is Jeff 😂😂
https://t.co/O5mzkHfsOo?amp=1
Haha Channing awesome 👏
Mah name is Jeff!!
no moor
Andy Zenor is love <3
Sry but dumb questions
Earliest
Rad! Aha
Haha
19 cometario
FIRST PIERWSZY
Haaaaaa
Andy Tell me the definition of close
cgh
my name is Jeff
Nice job Ellen.
EARLY OML
Channing Tatum is fire 🔥🔥🔥
I love him but sorry 8x21 isn't difficult!
Ilove 💋Miss 💋U You😍
Hahahhaaa 😆😆😆
Do you love Ellen guys..??... every one must reply
niggers
Invited me sorry i dont speel good english
Third
FIRST
first
I've never related to a video more
im not depressed or anything but watching this makes me happy and im so glad you're getting better
Hey we're on the same meds high five ✋ I'm looking into therapy how did you go about finding a therapist?\nThis is a great video Dan 👌🏻
How can 666 people dislike a video about Dan opening up about his experiences? \nI’m confuddled
I don't suffer from depression, but I know a lot of people who do and I want to be able to help them in whatever way I can. I don't think I can cure them or whatever, I just want to know how I could help them cope a bit more on their low days, or if me trying to help them makes it worse. I don't mean to offend anyone or anything by being so ignorant about all of this, but if you have any thoughts please let me know.
Much love for you 🖤
Jesus Christ this video is 44 on trending \n\n\nThese people are dark
I know i speak for a lot of people when i say that i'm really proud of you for doing this, Dan. The fact that you trust us, the w h o l e internet, with this when you said it'd been something secret for years is just really gratifying and...inspiring tbh. I hope you continue to fight this with all your worth bc you're so strong and amazing, and lots of people can identify and learn with and from you. Keep doing what you're doing, and that's making people smile whilst keeping it real.
Thank you for sharing such a personal part of yourself, Dan. Also thank you, for just reaffirming there is always hope right around the corner <3
I love the mini bloopers at the end \nAlso I love the fact that Daniel made something like this, I find these videos very important and I’m happy that days like Word Mental Health exist because mental ilnesses are not a joke \nlove u dan
also your description of depression is the most accurate ive heard so far. Another description i love is one by philip de franc that goes something like most people think depression is like a grey cloud on a sunny day, but in reality its like a wet heavy blanket weighing you down and suffocating you at the same time\n\nglad to see your getting better dan, hope things go well for you <3
I feel like that except I can't feel anything but happiness sadness anger and a deep dark blackwhole
i have depression and anxiety really bad but my parents frown upon those things. any advice on how i should tell them?
Thank you for talking about this.
Right now in my Health Class we are learning about this right now
I'm so proud of Dan right now. Glad you're feeling better! Love you!
Thank you for this. Is there anything you could share on getting help and why someone should?
Thank you honestly this is so important this made me realise stuff
Which heartless people gave this a   thumbs down?
Thank you so much for the video Dan. I want to share my story with everyone. I recently, out of nowhere, started having seizure symptoms and got rushed to the hospital.The test results show I have potassium difiency which caused hyperventilaltion syndrome (I tends to forget to breath when I'm stressed and hyperventilates to make up for it)) which caused the seizure symptoms. The doctor was confused why me, a 27yo has potassium defiency but I immediately knew it was a result of my self-destruction in the effect of depression, I've been vomitting almost every night and feeling utter crap but my depressed mind just revels in it instead of trying to do something to make myself feel better or seek medical help. I also, because my parents always assumes I'm being dramatic when I feel sick, low-key wanted myself to me terminally ill and die to get revenge on them. After being released I had similar symptoms for several times within two weeks. After a third trip to emergency the doctor told me (very nicely) that these relapses are caused more by my anxiety than anything else. And suggest I go seek professional help.\nSeizure symptoms are really no fun and laying in emergency overnight staring at my heartrate on a screen becamse a real wake up call to me and the scare was so real and huge that I realized I had been slipping downwards even though I've always thought I have control over my mental health problems. I mean I've been working I'ven been functioning I'm keeping my life normal. But I knew that night in emergency things are wrong beneath the surface and I need to get a grip on things.\nIt's been exactly 2 weeks since my last trip to emergency and with every minute I realize fighting mental illness is not like a battle that I can go BOOM! POSITIVITY! I'M A RAY OF SUNSHINE FROM NOW ON! Intead it is a fight with an addiction. My own brain's addiction to negativity and sadness. Negative thoughts are an addiction as any addiction. And I am being brave and proud of myself for going cold turkey on negativity and constantly catching my fall and coaxing with kind, patient, gentle words and constantly reminding myself that I am to allow myself to be happy. Just like somebody told me on Koko. Just know that it is your brain being addicted to the sadness and just want to go there, that Sadness is where you feel your safe and comfort zone is. And allow yourself to be happy. It's that hard and it's that easy and I am giving myself a gold star like anyone battling any kind of addiction.\nLove and strength to everyone too ❤
thank you for making this video, it's relieving to see that there are people who are managing to get better, this gives me hope
this is so important
so help me, if anyone uses this against Dan or bullies hi for it. im gonna rip your souls out and shove them up your ass
THANK YOU FOR THIS DAN 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
It just feels like your heart is extemely guilty, you are numb, you dont want to do anythimg uh
Thank you. Just knowing I can relate to someone who is so popular on this topic is relieving.
THANK YOU for not glamorizing or romanticizing mental illness!  so refreshing
Thank you for telling us about this, also we all support you!!
Watching this in tms from hospital so this helped actually
I'm not  depressed, but I don't feel like doing anything if there's no one to urge me to do something and I feel sad for no reason sometimes. What bothers me the most is that recently so many good things happened in my life and everybody asks me Why aren't you happy?... I don't know... I'm just not. I'm not sad, but I want to feel happy and I can't seem to be able to.
Thank you SO MUCH for talking about this. It's not a joke, it's not a cry for attention, depression is real. I think you did really well with this video.
This video made me sad 😭
Dan don't be depressed
Every time I watch this it gives me so much more hope and inspiration to work harder on getting better. Thank you Dan. <3
Dan, I'm so happy you're in a good place right now. Thank you so much for sharing this.
Thanks for being corageous talking about something people usually don't talk about
Thank you so much Dan.
i feel the exact same way...
Daniel Howell I love you and you look well. I'm glad that you're doing better. I love youx
I love you Dan, you really gave a wonderful description of depression and it's treatment, and I kinda wish this video existed 4 years ago for me to watch when my depression really started... but it's incredible to hear the journey you've come on and gives me so much hope ❤
Who would dislike this... this is the best video ever
A few years ago, i was diagnosed with social anxiety and clinical depression. i really tried to get out of a hole and i felt like noone liked me, everyone was looking at me and laughing at me, noone wanted to hang out with me etc. so i fell into a place where i would sleep for almost a whole weekend for months. i went to therapy but i felt like noone was helping me and noone understood me. this really helped me so thanks for this vid :)
Dan I understand you but why did you look so happy and cool on your other Videos?\nP.S.: I understand you!
If you can tell your story and not cry. You know you’ve healed 💚 I love you and am glad you’re still here
Thanks Dan. I don't know if this is offensive but I think many of us did knew you had depression at some point (or even now)(sorry if it was sarcastic, I don't really get that) but don't feel bad or think we pity you. No, we knew because we also went through it, we've been there and we saw the signals, some of us love your videos and dark humor for the fact that you seemed to understand us, mocking youself as we wish we could do about us, and that helped us. It helped me. Seeing someone going through the same as me in a different way (bc everyone is different) and you gave us peace, love, happiness. Thank you Daniel, thank you.
My dad said don't be a pussy you have everything PEOPLE DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOUR PARENTS SAY
Thank you dan. Many people including myself can realate to you ,and talking about this helped me. Thanks dan.
There are parts of the video that I think are funny and I could make a joke about, but this is a really sensitive topic and I hope everyone takes it seriously
Honestly Made Me Feel Better And Made Me Laugh a Little.(don't know if I should've but I Did)
I'm so glad to see that you're in a place now where you feel ready to talk about it. I would love to see a vid on therapy, and maybe a joint vid with Phil about what it's like to live with someone who's struggling with depression and how best to help
i totally agree with you. and i take more than just anti depressants. and i've tried doing a lot of things to keep myself from falling into the same hole you mentioned, it's a struggle but i get by day by day. and in all honesty, not everyone understands what we're going through, and that's fine as long as they don't down play what we're going through. what we go through is real and not made up that's why there are therapists to help us. i'm glad that you're in a better place now, i know how hard it is.
Thank you for doing this. I'm so proud of you.
I love this channel's/fandom's support. Of course, there's a few bad eggs, but overall everyone is pretty supportive.
Thank you for making this vid Dan! As a sufferer of anxiety disorder, I can relate. I will continue to support your works (and memes :))
I love you, Dan. Thank you so much.
Happy you're in a better place, Dan. I have DID. Your videos and specially you&Phil gaming help me calm down after hallucinations and mental breakdowns. I've tried going for help but I seem high functioning. Plus DID is super hard to get help for since people want to put you in more common boxes.
Im so proud of you Dan omg I can't explain how happy I am that you are getting better! Depression does suck and I truly thank you for sharing such an important thing about you with is!! :) we all love you and hope that your life continues to get better. You are so important to so many people, and you do a great job at helping us out. Thanks again, we all needed this
thanks dan! btw, how do u treat yourself well(getting enough sleep, eating well) when u r a medical student??
please make the video about therapy
Thanks for sharing because people need to actually understand this. It helped me actually. I'm always there helping my friends with their life that I don't have my own. My aunt and best friend is Bipolar and have other issues and it's good to know it's not just me♥
where is his emmy
Thank you so much. Sharing your experience has really made me figure out what I’m feeling (I think it’s depression) so I’m going to get some professional opinions on it.  Ily :)
i relate to this so much
Thank you for your honesty and vulnerability. You're a good feller, and I appreciate your videos!
Thank you for sharing, it is incredibly brave to expose these raw experiences. Also very inspirational. As someone who struggles with with anxiety and depression, I understand how difficult it can be to share you mental health experience with others. But this video is a perfect demonstration to all of your fans it is not shameful to admit you need help and essential to take care of yourself. Thanks Dan, you just made my day:)
Thank you for posting this. Hearing someone talk about depression encouraged me to try to push through my depression and stop letting it hold me back. Hearing your story, from you whom I admire, gave me hope.
Hold on what the hell happened to his bedsheets
thank you so much for making this video
most people just assume depression is feeling sad all of the time and its not, so thank you for addressing that.
dan, thank you for this. i’ve been struggling with my mental health for quite a while now, but i haven’t gotten help. after watching this, i think i just might. i really want to, but i’m really struggling with being vulnerable. i just want people to think that i’m ok, and that i’m capable, and i can do things. idk what the purpose of this was other than to thank you and then vent a bit. so thank you for everything you do!!
Why do we have the same medication
I'm so proud of you for making this
I'm going through the same thing and thank you Dan, you saved my life
Eyy as someone with a heap of mental illnesses (the worst being ADHD and chronic lying disorder) I’ve found that you just need to ask for help. Tell your teacher if you have a hard time paying attention in class so they can make sure you’re engaged, etc.
How do I like this video a hundred times???\nBecause damn this is valid.\nThank You Dan for sharing. I love you and all you do!!!
this makes me feel a lot more hmm secure ? I dunno it’s just nice to see so many people with large platforms talking about mental health and thingss AND you’re VERY brave for uploading this dan we love ya and thank you ❤️❤️❤️
dan, thank you for this video. it helps a lot for me to know i'm not alone
this is literally the most accurate description i’ve heard of it. i’m sending this to my mom so that she can understand how i feel all the time. thank you for posting this because i have depression & i go for counseling, but i still feel like people expect me to look sad and angsty all the time & that’s not how it is. so thank you for putting this out there that this is how it is.
This was such an encouraging, wholesome, and honest video. Much appreciated. I hope everyone gets the love and support and aid that they need. Thank you so much for being so open with us all!
Thank you for sharing your story. We will all love and support you. And thank you for being a voice to speak out about this topic to possibly help those who suffer from depression
Thank you for sharing this with us. Pls always remember that we love you loads ❤
I love you Dan ❤️
I struggle with depression and I relate so much. You are such an inspiration to me and I am so happy to be able to see you make my days significantly better.
Oh, sorry I couldn't finish that paper on brain chemicals over the weekend, my brain decided to just stop producing the chemicals I was supposed to be writing about. You know what that's called? A depressive episode and the only thing I could do was sleep, smoke and cry for three days and there was nothing I could do about it.
I feel so touched about Dan making this video. Thank you Dan😍😚
Thank you so much for sharing your story.
glad you're feeling a bit better and got help daniel x we love you
thank you, dan.
Thank you.
I love him
tag your it tag tag your it
i love you <3
danddy danddy
My eyes are raining
The fanfictions called it
Plz like this comment I really want dan to see it its really important\nOmg thank you for this Dan. U have no idea how long I've waited for this kind of video. I've been depressed for years, and no matter what I do, it never seems to help. I find it hard to do normal things, and when i manage to do them, I don't enjoy it. I feel all of the symptoms you talked about. I don't think I've been actually, genuenly happy for years. I've been bullied through out my entirety of secondary school, people telling me I'm worthless, that no one likes me, that I'm better off dead. And with my parents arguing at the time, and getting a divorce just before my GCSEs, it made matters even worse. There have been multiple occasions where I've stared at the rack in the kitchen which holds all our sharp knives, and go to pick one up, only to be stopped by someone walking in. I self harm, I cry myself to sleep every night. I have, on one occasion, tried to overdose on my mums medicine. Back to my point, I want to thank you, Dan, for helping me realize that its ok to talk about my problems and not turn to death every time. Thank you for helping me realize that there is hope out there. That I can do something about it. Thank you Dan.
i love videos like this,but when i say i'm depressed to my family, they just say i'm too young and i'm seeking for attention. No one cares about young people with depression, this video helps me, and probably everyone else who watched this video,thank you dan(iel)
MY FRIENDS, IT'S TIME!!!!\nHUG SQUAD, ATTACK!!!\n*ALL THE HUGS TO DAN*
thankyou for making this video dan. its great to see that you support people about such issues.\nfamalan\nNO SERIOUSLY
Dan, you're the reason i battle depression.
#13 trending Alex! Glad to see your getting exposure!
Yes
I killed my hamster
Yes
You died
nice new animation style
Booooooo
dream job: youtube!!!!!!! :)
(~~)\n    -
Your hair looks cooler now
No cuz you yours got in jall
SIX FLAGS!!!
Love the escort
UGGGGGHHHH TELL US DKSNFKWKCIAMXJWKDJWJ YOU ROBBED IT
No
ToonyVToon
Pls like
Don't wear your seatbelt.
Yes
Yes you did
Alex looks...different...
No
New animation style
not the haaaaaiiiiiiiiiirrrrrrrr!
OH SCREW RYIS
Congrats  on 1 Mil
Alex tell me
No
No
Tell me please
Da Best Artsy style
I love six flags
I lick cats for a living
No you did Not
Okay guy here's the plan I go in the vault and I put in the pin code and guy number 1 go in the vault he take 500.000 and guy number 2 gets the car and we drive safe and we park the car and use a new one 😞😈 and we were mask so no one no who we are 👺 💣💥
This morning\nMe: still 655\nNow\nMe: 1 mill !!! How did he rise that fast
I stole my sisters monney thenit turrend out to be mine:)
Welp, I am late,but when I lived in Germany,I went to this big dirt hill with my friends,long story short,me and my friends got caught by the cops
whats with the character with the hair
I want to be a soccer
My dream job is to be a successful game designer and my crime is I don't study so xd
i mean i think about murder 24 7
Kill kill kill still not a care in the world
I want to be an animator like you and the animation​ crew.
Lol Alex has changed the profile picture cause of his hair.
Woah I didn't notice ur design of yourself  has changed until now
Haha! Don’t wear your seatbelt. Carful, James is gonna get you if he hears you said that! Lol jk
The screenshot is at 3:32
I like your new art style it's cool
I wanna be a youtuber
Like your new style Alex
I wanna be a billionaire when I grow up
I love the new style
I'm not gonna tell you AWWW F***
Wow new hair cut loving it I actually have the same hair cut. 👍🏻🙃
What happen to you guy. Did he get a big bite in his head.
i wanted my friends charizard ex and i just took it and ran. Best 50 dollars ever made in one day
Like the new Alex look
Eh...wanna know what crime I committed, well I never returned the pencil my teacher said I can *Borrow.*
I like the haircut and new sweater!
Dose any one notice that you tuber all ways say press the sub bottom but if you two times you unsub
Don't wear your seatbelt!!!! That was awesome!!!
U need a hair cut next animation u need to be a circle again
I wanna be a herpetologist (Work with reptiles)
The full body shot at 5:15 was great, add more of those to your storytelling.
you went to 600 flags😆
Your talking about making a crime!!! That's stupid.  A officer watching is ganna track you down.
I want to work at a comic store called pasttimes. The owner makes comics so........
I work like any other broke students\n\n\n\n\nMcDonalds!!! Yeyy!!
You probably wouldn't have a horribly unstable job that is YouTube is you stole thousands of dollars
4:48 Root has came with a weird smile
i have been putting supreme box logos on shirts and selling them for 150 when they only cost 25 to make
My first job was testing chemical and radiation suits, it's less fun than it sounds their is ALOT of paperwork
I made crime me and my cousen made a cake with a bottel of lemon chocolate and batter we wasted food
New art style I like It
If I wanted to do a crime I would steal at candy shop
U didn’t tell us I:( 🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
Is that *R I C K*
Are you going to the South Carolina state fair this weekend
I dog toys from the Toy Story that didn't have any tax or anything on it
4:21 \n\nHe said he robbed Six Flags \n\n\nHe's Busted \n\n\n#EXPOSED
I like the new hair!!!\n\n(And shirt!)
Yassss a new art style
I want a job where I do nothing but play with cute PUPPIES all day. 😀😁😀😁😀😁😀😁😀😁😀😁😀
Want to work at sooubway
Honestly, I think this is halve true. I think you DID rob SixtyFlags, but not all of it. If he did steal 2 mil/3.4 mil, then he would be living in Beverly Hills wiping his ass on 100 dollar bills. But he has an average life, but if he went through all of that and had the EASIEST chance of gaining 2 mil. Then why would he back out? Three reasons, guilt, he actually got caught but charges weren't pressed, or he only took maybe a thousand or 10k if he was feeling crazy.\n\nAlso, love the new animation style
Yes. I made a complicated and detailed plan to rob the Fifth Third bank down the street.\nThen I realized you can't buy industrial drills on Amazon.
Lol, at the end Don't wear your seat belt.\nTheOdd1sout, Wear your seatbelt\nARE U OPPOSITES!?\nYes. :3
Job, gaming related in any way shape and form, or music too.
I like your new art style
ALEX IS A CRIMINAL!
That kind of looks like Rick but a different rick not C - 137. 5:06
I like your new avatar
No tell me it
No you didn't, and yes
Alex, how does it feel to have hair/clothes people accually wear/arms ?
What the hell did you do to your character...
i found the poopaca. look very carfully at 4:21
I stole a piece of candy when i was a 4 year old ._.
I like that hair bro.\n\n\n\n\nMAN TONY AND ALEX who's next?
Who's in love with this song ??? i cant stop listening to this fucking song it killing me 😻💔
I'm dabbing so hard my hands will fall off
I want to see the formal MV!!!!!!😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I've been poisined by this song
Out here day and night dancing because of this
The song is ... Okay
Girl you know that you a freak yeah yeah
i love it much👏
This kid is just killing it lately.. music, acting, all-around triple-threat style awesomeness. Love watching him evolve as an artist!
It's beautiful good
Omg omg omg I love you my galaxy 💕 \nGood job 👏🏻
IM SO FUKING PROUD OF HIM AHHHH I LOVE HIM SO MUCH 💛
“ I swear I’m going to French kiss” oh my gosh stop it oppa!!!!
Ok so what I am hearing from this and Lay’s Peach is they out here with all they money and going to strip clubs and tipping girls 😲😵🤔 lol but Kris make good music
WOW THIS IS SO FUCKIN LIT Y OH Y
KRIS Deserve better like this..\nPoor SM 🖕🖕
kris, I love you
I'm tired but my bootay still shaking! Get it fellas🙌🔥💯
KRIS BE CLIMBIN THE CHARTS! OUR BOY IS SO GROWN NOW!!! INSANELY PROUD!
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU KRIS !!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥
i love you yi fan!!!
Amazing!! So proud of U !!
everyone is invited to visit my channel\nRIGHT NOW !!!!!!!!! THANKS SO MUCH .
Awesome JOB Kris Wu!!! We are SUPER PROUD of you, keep it coming... #1 all the way!! 👏🏼👏🏼👍🏼👍🏼❤️❤️ love you from the U.S !!
This song deserves an mv
THIS IS SO GOOD
Boss of China: Kris Wu\n\nWe're so proud of you laxy oppa <3 <3 <3
I love you kris wu💓💖💕💗💘💝💞
this is why i havent killed myself yet
The next time ft with Ozuna!! Latin trap.
Check out my remix on this song!!!🔥🔥\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRwWiuRBs5g
How the fuck are you going to disrespect Travis Scott like that. You are saying GOD ft. Travis Scott like he is a no name lol, this song is lit af, but don't bring your kpop here pls
before 1mil , Kris rakin' up , let's stream 🔥
Shawty I deserve a mv yeah yeah yeah
The world awaits the dragon!!👍👍👍👏👏👏😘😘😘
Go ahead Kris heeeyyy 🤗👏👐
Sounds like Justin Bieber
ok kris
Kris thật tuyệt
#48 on trending in UK! 💜💛
I love it🤘🏼
before 1m views!!
*snatched*
OMFG THIS IS SO LEGIT SKHSKE OMFHDJD FUCKKKK
可还行？😊
plug doesnt approve this
😍😍😍
wait mv
Deserve KrisWu like like
kris went off
大男孩
好貨
打榜打榜💪
omg😄
有歌詞嗎？
💜💜💜
EU AMO ESSE HOMI \nMDS \nKRIS \nENGRAVIDEI SÓ COM ESSA VOZ
WHAT A FUCKIN BOP
Oppa ah~
Kris Wu ~~woo wooo
algum br presente?
*Kris Wu No1*
🔥🔥🔥
XKSOSKE I LOVE YOUUU
疯狂打call
love Travis Scott
stop coping  chris Brown
Dope
Deserve超级好听啊！！！
6666666！
بيررفكت ❤😍😍😍
CARALHO AAAAAA
Krisss  <3
wawawawawawa~
KRIS mothafuckin Wu!!!!!!!!!!
yeah yeah yeah
❤️
我喜欢这封面。
AND ITS TRENDING!!!!
AMAZING!!💜💜💜👌👏
God Damn is 🔥
new travis scott 😱 https://soundcloud.com/dereckispsycho/she-feat-lijah
Perfect songg ♥♥♥
auto tune 100%....
KING
我的Travis😍🔥
kriswu cool
So cool!
*MY WIG FLEW.*
LOVE UUUUUU ！！！
好听，凡凡太赞了，期待国内
这么难听的一首歌。一点亮点都没有。
hombre te extraño, fuiste mi primer bias de EXO, pero me encanta tu Mv \nFelicidades Kris
Compa dediquese a hablar coreano, mire que para modular inglés es, básicamente, como el pico
Hermosooo mi amor ❤ veni a argentina, escribo como si fuera a entender 😂
MY NEW JAM!\nHELLA PROUD.
Fire
YASSSS YOU DID IT
nice nuce nice  Kris Wu
Kris Wu!! i love his voice
Looks like a chicken bake
you fixed your teeth 😁😁
JP you are weird
can you guys please make khachapuri
TRY JOLLIBEE
The dream
Did Julia get fake teeth?
Homade Fleshlight
Well damn!
Fake
Did Julia get dentures?
Happy birthday jp
But is it vegan
Omg
Giant Pretzels please 😊😊
Giant Big Mac And Cheetos
5-Pound French Taco!!!!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Make a giant churro  \n\n\n\n\n\n\nPLS
you should do cheese inside a tater tots wrapt in bacon plz plz plz.
oreo shot glases versus tip buy the vat 19 shot glass maker
Make a giant taki plz
6:48 - 6:49 Jp says Opp tastes like chemicals 😂😂
Happy birthday
Julia is cute.
This literally made me starving...
Please do the FriscoMelt from SteakNShake
Make a bacon cake!!!!
Make a giant chicken flaunta
Happy birthday !
Make a giant cinnamon bun
Noooo
Julia has straight teeth!!!!
BACON ICECREAMMMMMMMM
omg your teeth!!
Can you make ice cream nachos?
Wrap chicken in waffle
Try the whataburger chorizo burger and burrito
Make a stuberst
fucking weirdos
Most sexual episode ever!
what is with the jump cuts?
Have Gordon Ramsey come eat your food
Clash of clans or clash royale choose one
Can you do pizza stuff on a chicken pls can you I am just a kid I am 9 years old pls
THIS VIDEO WAS FEATURED ON COLUMBUS FOX 28 NEWS AT 9:00 AM!!!!!!!
Porn hub was down so i came here
JP you always out do your self
It's not gluten free
U all ways jp u say u can win but julia always wins
Can you make a borito in Sara henbrger
hahaha tell her she secretly supports a kim jong un secret son then have her probe his brain for all the expensive stuff he was raised eating as a secret kim jong clone
6:32 I GOTTA HAND IT TO JULIA...SHE DID PICK OUT SOME GOOD BREASTS LMAO!!! 😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣
make a giant hot pocket
I dare you to make the biggest pineapple and ham pizza.
yea Julia you like stuff inside of stuff? you probably like jp's dick inside of your pussy
Am I the only one who doesn't like American cheese?
Girls have low metabolism. Julia’s not fat. Mind blown.
Who else voted for jp without watching the full video
I DROOL! I NEED!  (I actually have never eaten mac n cheese but you could put a brickstone inside a fried chicken & i'd enjoy the heck outta it..)
This Video Should Be Uploaded On Pornhub
I'm surprised no one noticed she got her tooth fixed
Okay.. I'm starting to get mixed messages about the word hellthy...
Make a giant McDonald's menu
Go to the varsity in Georgia
WTF Julia! I haven't watched in months but god damn! I lost 70 pounds in a year so I know the struggle. JP cherish her! I'm so proud of you Julia! You're a bad ass and inspiration
Can you guys make a giant rainbow bagel? I've seen other youtubers make rainbow bagels... but never a GIANT ONE!!!
JP's toe at 5:36 is gross.
The amount of innuendos is alarming, considering that this is a cooking channel
Next can u put fryed chicken in steak like if u think they should do it
You should make the breakfast pockets from jack in the box or the naked egg taco from Taco Bell
Hi guys love your show so does my husband. I went to your recipe and need to know how much macaroni you used. It wasn’t listed. Thanks, Lesl1e
DIY Mac'n cheese mosserela stick, with a hint of Cheetos😀
Juylia is good at fingering the Mac n cheese into the chicken
Damn did y'all make this video after smashing or somethin 😂
Make a cheese in a giant macoroni
Could you please make a hot choco caramel fudge on the top of an homemade ice cream
Please make your own BBQ chips please and say Justie requested it and thank you so much if you do it
I really love Julia’s new teeth!! They look so good!! Xx
Please try making root beer ice cream!
If your birthday is October 10th, then you and my dad have the same birthday so happy belated birthday JP
Can anyone with asthma answer this survey please. This is for my dissertation and everything will be kept anonymous. THANK YOU \nhttps://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/6S2XZ9D
Giant Chinese take out? Preferably sweet and sour chicken and noodles or rice am I just hungry?
The usual stuff you do to breasts. LMAFO ROTFL 😂😂😂😂
That mac and cheese looks GOOD 😊
🌟 nice and I made it tonight my mom said it was good
You should do a huge high chew
Yo, this camera guy is pretty funny for a fat brown asian. ;)
I love you jp and Julia I've been watching for since the beginning and would like if you would follow me on Instagram @ivi.ivx.iivxii
You guys should go to the Texas state fair like if you agree
Have you seen pewdiepie video it shows your rick and morty sauce
Make McDonald’s Szechuan Rick and North sauce!
U know they smashed after this video
*This video should belong to pornhub*
Am I the only one that thinks Julia looks kind of different? I can't pin point it, but something has changed.
chicken tenders covered with Cheetos 🍗
you guys think that is healthy that is nont healthy better luck nest time cameron fane
Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steakMake a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheeseMake a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheeseMake a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheesMake a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheesMake a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak Make a giant philly cheese steak e steak e steak  steak  steak  Make a giant philly cheese steak
Make the cheesest macn cheese of the cheesest of cheese stuff and even more cheese
0:28 DIY Fleshlight \n(If you think I spelt flashlight wrong, you don't understand the joke)
Are you pregnant? :D
i make funny videos like jessi and i truly hope they make you laugh and put a smile on your face ! she inspires me so much through her laughter and positivity and i hope one day i can work hard enough through my videos to meet her
Go watch my first youtube video ever .. bean boozled challenge! It's funny asf.
Yes do the storytime about the hair dye!!!!!!!
Highschool Jessi looks even more like Jennifer Lawrence. Much love. Also I watched your very first video on this channel about a trillion times. I loved that shit.😂😂😂
There is no wonder that the world is in such a dystopian state, when people have spent 2,666 hours watching this.
You sound and look like a man
Holy shit Jessi, you made the trending page in the UK. Congrats!!!
What..noooo that was too short I’m sad
Do you guys want to know about that? Yes, the answer is always yes!
I LOOOOOVE that you reacted to your first video because I actually REMEMBER when that was posted & I loved it SO MUCH that I watched it like a hundred times and I know EVERYTHING YOU SAID on that video until this dayyyyyy I loveeee that I got to see you react to it OMG THANK YOU
You're not trending.  You're just enjoying some affirmative action virtue signaling from the SJW's at YouTube.
for a new mother, you looking cuuteeee
What’s sad is this is better than the videos I made last year on my old channel.
.....try not wearing someone punched me in the mouth lipstick...?
Sister, I know that this is a terrible time... Hahahaha
why does she look like iJustines sister - Jenna when she was in highschool lol
You're trending! Yay! From one momma to another, you're doing great and deserve the best!
I swear..there is almost no difference 😂😂😂
I wish I could do that 😔
7:34 this is so me omg
Please Do The Storytime On How Your Allergic To Hair Dye
HAHAHA!
you're on trending  yay!
Girllllllll you trendin’ 😂
dang she's actually really pretty ugh
Woooo! Jessi is #48 on trending congrats👏
Omg you're trending!
GIRL YOU ON TRENDING!!!!!
Omg. Im dying. Lmao
Quasimodo!!!
Legendas português, por favor  🇧🇷
Honeycrisp apples are the best
Trending
Gurl, FINALLY IN THE TRENDING
2:45-2:49 that MirandaSings impression tho... 😂❤️
My girl trending. ❤
Your trending!!!!
TRENDING !
Hey jessi I just saw your video dumbest things I did for love and I have a question DID ANY OF THOSE TWO PEOPLE CONFRONT YOU AFTER YOU TOLD THAT GUY THAT THAT GIRL HAD A STOMACH ULSER please it is eating me alive please do a part two of people confronting you :)
O R I G I N A L C O N T E N T
this bitch said miami accent? what the fuck is a miami accent?
tell us about the elephant man story please!
that was the funniest shit ever akcksmfd
WE WANT THE ELEPHANT MAN STORY 🐘
Came back to re-watch, and this is #12 on trending! :)
Any small YouTubers want to support eachother subscribe to our channel and we will SUBSCRIBE back immediately EVERYONE IS WELCOME
omg I remember watching your first video when it came out and I was deadass crying from laughter wth my friend
This video was posted on my BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!
I love it 😍 so cute!
You look very pretty in pink lipstick.  The red is a little odd.
How is this even trending?
You look like a man
girl why are you SO LOVABLE!!!!????
Idk the Kim look was bomb though
I find it weird calling you a mom. I have no idea why! I know you're a good mommy
why were you hot always....DID YOU EVER HAVE AN UGLY STAGE JESSI
“I just hit 1000 followers on instagram so my website will be up by the end of the week” lmfaoooooo 😂😂😂
Yes I want to know about that hair story!
That second video with the dark makeup, you looked GOOD ASF! You look so different now but still killin it!
I love you so much omg this made my morning
Yesssss need story time on being allergic to hair dye
You should totally do videos like the breakup video
Wtf you look exactly the same 😂 your face dude you‘re highschool Jessi but with better make up (btw you and your husband doing miranda sings voice gives me life 😂)
YOU WERE SO GORGEOUS WOOWWWW! still are!! You're honeslty the most beautiful YouTuber. And person I've seen.
I would love to see a video on how to handle being a new mom,  Jessi style!
2:12 send help I choked on my own spit
jessi is cringing but she looks so cute younger.
Wait, Jessi posted twice in 7 days.. are you okay sweetie ? \n\nNah I'm just kidding we love you ❤️
Why don't I find high school Jessi cringey at all?? I WOULD'VE TOTALLY WATCHED YOU BACK THEN! JUST ME?
Omg I desided a few days ago to start watching all your old tutorials, from the beggining until today and here you are reacting at your first tutorial!
You SHOULD do more skits! That breakup video was funny
THAT WAYS TO GET OVER YOUR EX VIDEO WAS WHEN I FOUND YOU JESSI holy shit i've been around a while i need a life
The guide to breakups was the first video I watched from you and I’ve been in love ever sense omg 😂😂
lol this video was so funny to watch xx
PLEASE do a husband vs brother tag!!! 💜
Are you still friends with thegabbieshow just asking
HUN YOU TRENDING
Bitch you're trending!!! 🤗🤗🤗🤗
SUBSCRIBED TO LETMESTEPIN7
YAS BITCH THIS VIDEO IS TRENDING
ITS TRENDING!
Trending ❤️❤️
You're number 11 on trending guuurl👏👏👏
you're trending!!
Young Jessi looks like human Fiona from shrek
OMG JESSI IS TRENDING AT #9!!!!!! 😱😱😱😱👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
JESSI BITCH U TRENDING
You're trending - so proud
Promising and not delivering since 2013 lols 😂 .
1:35 yesssss they did Jess, Its called wireless earbuds
The Pinocchio thing has me hollering
Yes do that storytime!!!!
OMG Jennifer Lawrence who???
Nasim 😂
I like ur lipstick!!!
Check my YouTube and sub plz
Yo jessi you might have ADHD my dude
Girl this is #11 on trending! Congrats❤️❤️
You're trending !!! Yessss girl 💖💖
High school Jessi wasn't that bad, que exagerada
When women singers like the one who used to be Hannah Montana sexually harrasing males none bat and eye, but when a Male do same thing, all of you start complaining about it like a bunch of little kids.
How's the power over women goin Harvey? How's it going?
Yet you all support Hollywood from Woody Allen barely legal adopted Korean daughter to Michael Jackson molesting young boys.  Corey Feldman so messed up (some kind of victim syndrome).  Even Bill Clinton molesting interns as govenor to President.  You all gawk at celebrities as role models?  Why now with McGowen?
No woman is going to have sex with that ugly mug on purpose unless she is blind!
Disgusting Hollywood kike. Deserves to be removed from this planet
If the devil had a voice, his is what it would sound like
I just have a question...why now ladies ? Why not when it happened ? Or is it because you liked what he was doing to you ? You all went to bed with thim stop playing victims...
Who taped the conversation between he and the model?
Oh common people. He is not the only pig in the movie industry.
Check his history ?  Has he had contact with Children?  Don't cover it up,  Lets hear the truth,  no more cover cover ups.
BILL COSBY
Inge visiting Dr Bernstein in Der Giftpilz (The Poisonous Mushroom).
Typical democrat.
watching this is making me want to shower
Everyone shoud read this blog about Hollywood's hypocrisy with President Trump: http://www.trumpscorecard.com/gone-too-far-1.html
Put a bullet in this kike prick's head.
That's not good, of course. But come on! All these celebs would be nobody without his help. And if some of them said No to hime, they said Yes to other perverts.
I hope we can all come together as a country and kill all the people like this including trump :) Happy Murder everyone
What about the allegations of sexual harassment, seems to me not denying it means it’s TRUE
Brave girl. All those pigs should be exposed and put in prison.
They would if they could but they can't, its a c*nt.
He looks like a cancerous elbow.
Dad always told me never go into a room with a jew
He probably didn’t even need the five minutes.
If your president does it what do you expect!
A fat lecherous jew...who would ever believe it?
I was Weinstein's Doorman and Savages's Call screener Jimmy is refusing to put my call through to tell Savage he's wrong in attempting to paint a sympathetic picture of Weinstein now.  How pathetic. Even the Jews 1st in Savage is showing through.
*When  you're a star they let you do ANYTHING*. \nWhen you're the president, you can get away with it too.
This filthy jew has been raping our Aryan sisters. We must gas the kikes now.
Now he just needs some tictaks and he's qualified to be President.
Man, he's got game.
Weird that it was recorded....... he didn't force her so....... you telling me if you had a model in your hotel room that you wouldn't try to seduce her? wth was she even doing there? You say pig I say trying his luck, yh he sunk low but who hasn't?
So that's why Mira Sorvino's career tanked - she refused to play with Weinstein's weiner
This guy couldn't sound any more like a New York Jew if he tried. You know that nasally measly mouse voice common to New York Jews, much like Chuck Schumer. Not that there's anything inherently wrong with that, just pointing out the obvious.\n\nIt's funny if I had nothing else to go on other than his voice I'd know that he was a New York Jew. It must be something in the water.
Why use allegedly in the title?? Allegedly makes is sound like there's a debate or a question as to the factuality of there being a recording. There's no debate. He was recorded saying those disgusting things.
a real man, is a predator(a rapist?).... what do us marines, think about that?  man proposes & woman disposes.... harvey, we support  U....
Wankstein got the horn more than a raging bull. Dirty old man
Whats wrong with desperately pleading with a beautiful model?
Did this nice man maybe upset the wrong jews?
If its only alleged surly you shouldn’t be making a video on it?
Please dont be outraged by Harvey Weinstein if you voted for a president that wants to grab em by the pussy!
A jew protected for decades by Jewry in Hollywood \nNothing to see here
That man looks too dirty for taking shower so often....
The year of the Weins. First Anthony w...../carlos danger/mr abedin. now HW....
Harvey Weinstein is NOT a pig\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHe is toilet scum.
I dont understand why did they wait so long to sue him and report those facts.
Jews have a perverse and degenerative effect on American society
Waiting for a guy to denounce him for sexual harassment too. That would be funny.
Harvey A Role Will Cost You A Hole Weinstein\nHarvey She Blew Me To Be In My Movie Weinstein\nHarvey I put the 'Ouch' in 'Casting Couch'  Weinstein\nHarvey A star is born when her pussy is torn” Weinstein\nHarvey I got it on tape in case you cry rape Weinstein\nHarvey Collecting Underpants At Sundance Weinstein\nHarvey You'll get fame only when I've came Weinstein\nHarvey Rape is OK When You Blame the NRA Weinstein\nHarvey Lube up that Flesh, for a Certified Fresh Weinstein\nHarvey Grasp this Sword for an Academy Award Weinstein\nHarvey Buying Her Silence After Sexual Violence Weinstein\nHarvey Rich and Famous If I Penetrate Your Anus Weinstein\nHarvey Making Hollywood goys suck off little boys” Weinstein\nHarvey Every New Actress Must Visit My Mattress Weinstein\nHarvey Gargle my pee, for a spot on IMDb” Weinstein\nHarvey I Got The Power So You Watch Me Shower Weinstein
Good on ya harvey day all b fame hoes anysway.
Sesame Street is retiring the character Grover and  has created a new puppet character based on Harvey Weinstein. It's called Groper
Not only actresses in Hollywood who experience sexual harassment, but ordinary young women around the world. Molestation of girls, Here's how you fight it. # speakout #speakup #saynotomolestation PEOPLE LIKE HIM SHOULD BE HANGED. \nLink👉👉👉👉 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bI5UfM6DJWI&t=4s
Our cultures popular entertainment is trash, ran by trash, who wants you to be trash.
I will destroy all my dvd movies, I dont want dirty pigs in my shelves anymore
This is a UNESCO plot to destroy a clean living Jewish Boy,thats why the USA is right to PULL OUT of UNESCO for being bias towards Israel and Harvey.
this dude's balls were never empty
The police r worse cos they chose a woman whose known as a partygirl than an actress. I can see him going free.
There's no smoke without fire too many allegations for it to be untrue dirty entitled arrogant pig
Props to this girl! I hope she succeeds!
I noticed he said he was used to that when she mention touching her breast. Probably because, unlike this girl, so manydo anything for the fame and $$$
the worst part is he did it with a strap on
He is gross and inappropriate, why did this girl go alone into a room with a strange man? Why is there a need to be alone with any strange man? I'm 50,iv been alone in a room with my wife and daughters.... Thats it.
White privilege gets mega passes while Bill Cosby is being crucified over allegations 30 years ago. We will never get fair justice in this wicked and unjust system. That's why it's being broken as we speak.
Hey! I'd hit it.
He's so hot , how could any woman resist him..Dont think so. GROSS!!lol.
His day is coming , all things done in the dark will be in the light. JESUS CHRIST
Harvey Weinstein... That boy don’t act right.
Hollywood seems to be full of very *strange* people , can you guess what group they belong too ? ..Here is a clue ' You can't talk about them '.
a beautiful 22 year old italian model \nthanks for letting us know she was 'beautiful', news. because that's a really valuable and relevant piece of information to a sexual harassment case.
Hey can all the anti-Semitism.
That italian chick ruined her chances to become next Hollywood stupidstar...
did he grab her pussy? \n(did he ask first?)
Still...not nearly disgusting as Comrade Trump, who RAPES America EVERY DAY.\n\nBOOT OUT ALL republicons, NOW!
These women were selfish in their silence! He had access to children too. Office harassment is one thing but if I had the knowledge that he may have the same access to children and there was a possibility of them being victimized...... 😡😠😡😠😡\nTheir silence was selfish. How can they act as if they didn't know?!!!
he's the definition of a Slimy Jew ... yuk !
She is not Italian by any means.  She is Asian, maybe raised in Italy.  The guy is sickening.  Wonder how he lasted so long?!  Big fat and ugly.
Imagine if the Italian bird had a grandfather who was, ya know, connected...
watch me take a dump :)
Everyone knows to get a part in Hollywood what you need to do.
You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful—I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.\n\nGrab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything.
DISGUSTING
Jabba the Hutt
He is sick
Trump would a grabbed her pussy
That guy is awesome.
Dirty fat pig
What a scumbag.
Dirty Jew
Cesspool breeds maggots! Why is everyone so surprised?
Dirty Old Pig
Grotesque sexual predator.
Where's Ice-T
Jewish
Pig.... Disgusting.
😱😭😭
Trump counts as Hollywood 😏
Allegedly??? No that was him... I hate how they try to make a rapist sound like he maybe innocent....
The fact that he's so ugly and fat makes it even more offensive.
Women sell their bodies to corporate heads to get a head start in there careers. Then when they don't get anywhere, they scream RAPE to make a buck.
What's wrong with you people?!\nShe's full of age, he wants sex, so what? She could have left anytime.\nJust because he's ugly yet rich doesn't make it a crime.
Congratulations your on the trending page
hey Simon you going to Thorpe park for fright night
Im dead from the fanfics
What’s the outro song?
What is his outro song?
Start a new fifa series on fifa 18 plzzzz.
His eyes are so beautiful 😍
do a road to glory on the hazard bros
Hi Simon never wrote a comment before I watch your video's with my son.  Just want to say you make me laugh and can't believe you still single you are a great guy and you deserve to be happy mate.  Great content to look forward to your video's myself now, keep it up matey 😁😁
Why are you on trending
What is simons outro music called??
“Yo guys what’s going up”
Ur ha it looks Ike a hedgehog
Rumor has it... Ricebum took an L
Y is this 12th on fucking Trending
OMG I have that same shirt
Great vid Simon. Wouldn't mind seeing another QnA soon
Sub to my channel CJW GAMER  click on my profile
Wo wo wait. He is not a virgin? WTF
Simon, it'd be so good if you could do a hunting we will go but Fifa 18 or that type of FUT series based upon one player. Hunting we will go was deadset the best fifa series I have ever watched !!! love your work bro, keep it up.
Try not to laugh challenge plz
My girlfriend left me because she has  a obsession with Simon aka Miniminter.  And she loves him more than me. To the point of bought every sidemen item and 5 sidemen books
St you and tbjzl cam manny 3 cm Chris MD bill and jazzaRb jme LB harry 2 CB Ethan and Lewis Gk wizzy
The diss tracks are dead, but he's still on trending
PLEASE MAKE A VIDEO Q&A
Simons way too cute for his own good lol 😆
Ready to enter me I just cringed so hard you have no idea 😂
Simon, u are white...
You do it for money mate.
Do a fifa video god
WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLEWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE
#12 on trending
Attention
PLEASE DELETE YOUR CHANNEL
#12OnTrending
Trending boiiiiiiiiiiis
fangs is your mom??
WE WANT FIFA!!!
Play fifa career mode
Fifa veido
fifa 18 road to glory
hunter we will go?
Do fifa again
Trending on YouTube is broken I swear
# 7 on trending
Outro song???
Well done number 7 on trending
#7 trending
c'mon play Fifa 18
7th on trending
1v1 me white boy ?
Trendinggg BOYZZZ
LMFAO #22 ON TRENDING XD
Song?
9th on trending at the mo well done
A soccer vid with the other sidemen\nplease
what a hit son! what a hit!
Do another football video with all the sidemen
can u do a video on reacting to videos of fans meeting u
How many girls play with them selfs when he was reading fan fiction haha
loved it\nwell done \na nother one plz
Pls do the hunting we will go
When are you playing fifa18
Where Is The Charity For Drink Water,Go And Do It NOOB
Do another track. Your one on Deji was fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Please play clash of clans....
This was uploaded on my birthday!
😂😂😂
Play fifa 18
yo guys whats going up
The sex thingie so funny😂😂😂
Af means as f*ck😂👑💝
*Read more*\n*Read more*\n*Read more*\n*Read more*\n*Show less*
make one whole vid if ur fangs son or not\nit really helps for ur subscribers
' is miniminter dead ' \nno but his channel is.
His channel is only relevant now because of his disstrack
Simon wondering why people think he's gay... Well because where's yo girl at
This is 12 trending
Congrats Simon on number 9 on trending
#9ontrending\n\n12th October 2017 7:03 pm
Kirsty Austin loves you
whys this trending??
do another challenge
Wattpad!!!!!!
Deleted ksi video: https://youtu.be/gAvBro7qebg
Q and A
Phone Lucas and Marcus
Please Do A Q&A
8 on trending damn well done Simon
make a fifa discard video
I LOVE THIS
xD❤️❤️❤️
#7 on trending rn!
Start playing FIFA 18
Your hair is still nice
Do a try not to laugh challenge with one of sidemen
Do fifa please
Explore any abandoned mental asylum with sidemen
Those fanfics killed me
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I want to be his student
Great advice for youngsters, and others too.
I actually hired someone not once, but twice for two different companies because he said in the first interview “I don’t know, but I know I can figure out the problem if I had more time and the right tools.” This was after he tried to trouble shoot a timed, and impossible to solve, hardware problem (yes I rigged it).
Cliff both looks like and has the same speech patterns as Rick Sanchez.
I love him so much 💗💗💗
His students are lucky.
My first thought was the ruler tbh.
This guys brain is wired just like mine
I like that feeling
I loved this!! What an awesome guy! And super interesting
This guy should have a TV show only for himself
How is this man still not knighted?
I still don't know how to meassure the paper properly now.
This guy is AMAZING !!!!
I knew he was probably gonna tell me that measuring a piece of paper may not be as streight forward as I think... but this.. I didn't expect this..... awesome.
and no students notices that with that definitely Trumpfakish ruler, the usual 20x27cm sheet of paper measured... 20x26cm ;-) (check on the video)
There is an imperfecto ruler right now and nobody gets it either.
Acting outlandishly can get you a fair bit of mileage.
I thought that one of the interpretations would include measuring the depth of the paper by folding it and using the depth to find the area of its edge-like sides.
He should be collecting royalties off Dr. Emmett Brown.
I want to ask that guy a question
Is the Earth pear shaped?
Why don’t more teachers do this? You know, make students think. This man is brilliant.
So enthusiastic about his work.. I Really like him...mathematically speaking..
have he done a video about everyone is 7 handshakes away from the president? i found that odd
i love this guy
This man looks like Einstein on weed
Find the minimum value of (10a+13)^1/2+(10b+15)^1/2 given that a+b=10
This is the kind of teacher I aspire to be.
the moment I saw the homework assignment, I immediately thought that I would measure it by attempting to cut a shape of known area, and weighing that piece. Then weighting the whole sheet and multiplying by the known mass per a unit of area (this is how we used to do it for figuring the area under a chromatography trace.)\n\nFor the sides, I was thinking I would cut the paper into several pieces and stack them, to get the thickness of the paper, but I am not sure how precisely the cut edge of the paper matches its thickness.
He is weird, but amazing!
Can someone help me find a value of n that works other than 2:\nn^3-1= prime #
This video probably had a larger impact on me than 4 years of high school teachers. Education is so much more than standardized tests and memorization. It's about learning how think and feel and react. This was beautiful.
This 5 minute video conveys a sense of scientific rigor so amazingly well!\nI love this so much, I emailed it around the intro physics lab department at my university yesterday morning.  This morning, we're talking about maybe using this as the first lab of the fall semester for next year's program.\n8th grade?  The lessons in this video apply at all levels of research.
o didn't think you'd be an iPhone guHILBERT DAVID HILBERT
That's really educational!\nBtw, I was unintentionally expecting a cry of Great Scott lol
He goes on about the desire to know things, only to go all around trying to find that mathematician's name. That's one way to show you stick to your philosophy!
This is the opposite of click bait
3:50 This is something that comes natural in CERTAIN areas. For some people its science others its math, others its English.
Morty! Marty!! We have to go back to the future Marty to get back to the past to fix the present
I've got one word for this guy, FLUBBER
I mean, i like the content of the video... but seriously... i can't watch it due to the sickening BWP Actioncam... :/
This guy is different and I like him
He sounds like Ernie from Sesame Street
Omg I love this Cliff guy so much! So full of energy and you can really tell he loves his work. I wanna be like Cliff when I grow as old as he is.
Where's his Morty?
Can Cliff Stoll be my professor?  Please?
I would assume there would be some chance that the students results in many cases would not match based on which edges they measured.\nSo then, have them explain why . This would be interesting to observe.\n\nMight experiment on my kids ... now where do i get an imperfecto  ruler.  Must be one in my garage somewhere.
I really wish I had been a student in one of Cliff's classes. He has such great enthusiasm for everything and I love his take on maths and sciences! Every Numberphile video I watch featuring him makes me super happy and pumped! If he ever did an encore class, I'd do everything in my power to attend as I envy his former students!
I would love to have him as a teacher
I was surprised to see it’s not a rant by Matt Parker!
The one thing I must know is who would dislike this video.
Is there a place where we can get like a PDF copy or something of the imperfecto ruler he uses, or is it a secret of cliff only
I'm almost certain that drive for knowledge is learned, not a natural gift. If you've got it, some event in your past showed you learning how to discover a fundamental truth is empowering in any future dealings with the subject of that truth.
I love Cliff.  He's just so enthusiastic and it's contagious
I love this guy, he's so animated and engaged.
1.21 jiggawatts
Yes.
The Klein bottle guy. You are Awesome..
15-16 people in each class, hHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Got to know things is a great way to live. Thanks Cliff
I adore this Professor.  His enthusiasm is infectious.  And his mind is deep and scary and wonderful.
Origin of the imperfecto- they were starting out and tried to make a ruler to sell. But there was a mistake at the factory and the 17 went twice. They decided to go with it and change the name of the ruler, making the company unique and like no other ruler company, making imperfect measuring devices.
What about the holes.
Savage Klein bottle guy
Always examine the assumptions you're making. Advice that's useful to all scientists and engineers!
Best video i've seen today.
You, sir, are evil, and I salute you...
Just been reading up on how you caught that KGB hacker 30 years ago. Brilliant stuff. Well Done.
We love you cliff!\nI would never miss a class if cliff was my teacher. I wonder how many people i have shown the video of the story where cliff catches the spy!
He must know and he will know who said We must know.  We will know.
Spot on, mr. Stoll!! I just can't imagine a person not wanting to know - learning is like breathing. Biggest limitations are our natural stupidity (at least I talk for myself) and our limited lifespans...
Didn't expected this! Nice video!! Lovely man
omg i love cliff and this video now
How can one POSSIBLY not like this.
LOL I would never have even done the work. I'd have translated 8.5*11 to cm using the internet lol
I will use this test next time I'm interviewing a programmer for a job in my team!
Cliff rocks!
Fantastic
Do modulo inverse plssss :”((
We love parker square!
This guy is sooo cool.
Klien bottle guy!
Real life Doc. Brown
Amazing! :D
Cliff reminds me of doc brown
I feel cheated.
Doc Brown.
Nice
where's Morty?
YAYYYY CLIFF!!!
why is this trending?
Ah the Klein bottle guy
LOL! Excellent example of trolling IRL.
Cliff videos make anything seem amazing!
Mad genius
Inspiring guy
I was here.
Cliff Stoll is my absolute favorite teacher
great advice! I was caught.\ner. why two '17' on the ruler? lol. about the wrong 'tool' to use?
What's with the dislikes? This was a quality Rekha sketch, not like Katie's recent abominations.
What a cute video.
Ugh I hate when I stand up for myself in class but then the guys ask if I’m on my period! No, I just don’t deserve to be treated like crap especially when I do better than everyone else.
Were these men the corporate executives of Collegehumor?
Standing up for yourself or keeping quiet is up to you.  It's your fault if you're the one who feels obliged to listen to whatever people tell you to act like. I myself do not care what people say of me nor will I care about whatever aggressive comments I get if any.  Do what you want, just don't blame it on society, you're the one who listened to it.
Women always have to apologise” that’s just false and where does the “A woman is always right” comes from seems like double standards.
I think it's a certain personality thing, I felt so bad today at work because I spilt hot oil on my hand and I swore super loud and everyone froze. I still feel guilty about it because it was like I made a scene. My boss even let me off earlier and I felt bad because I couldn't stay and help during the late rush. I was already on overtime so I had to go
Most of that wasn't even representing a woman standing up for herself, that's just her being rude lol
She needs a spa day.
Would the accept and reject thing a reference to Schrödinger's cat because of the cat calendar
Not funny !  Schizophrenia is no joke.
She’s a ticking feminist bomb
“I’m a little sorry. I don’t like yelling, it makes me feel bad.”
When watching this, I thought, But what if she was presenting over something that actually was cute? And bam of course she was lol
So man never have to stand up and are always the bad ones?
this is the way i have been feeling lately at work....
I accept and reject your apology
That's one Very confused Feminist.
Its true, they do have mental disorders!
Who else knew her presentation was going to be based on something that was actually cute? Seemed like the clichéd twist this video was gonna take.
The time for chillness is over. \nNo Rekha. The time for chillness is never over.
This comment section  is going to be interesting
What happened to the funny college humor stuff?
Ah, this is just amazing.
This is a really cute video
So weird how women always want to be a cariacature of men. Very rarely have I met men who are rude and talks over others.
You keep saying you´re sorry; but you keep doing it.
To be honest this kickstarts a good conversation. Female executives have always been a weird dynamic for me to grasp. Like as a male executive you have to be stern and take risks.  But in my opinion that's not the same thing on the female side of things. Female stern and male stern are two different sterns.  I have no problem with female executives, but this culture is so new and we're growing in it right now.  So yeah raynka it's going to be confusing for a little while honey
This is the kind of thing i had been missing! good job. Very funny.
Oh Jacob! What an adorable presentation\nCharles, yours just makes me want to go awe\nKyle, yours reminds me of my innocence. \nand Sally, your presentation was comprehensive.
I am so happy u made this sometimes some women are a little too offended
Good job collegehumor. Best cringe video I've seen his month!\n\n\n\n\n\nOh, that wasn't the point? 0V0
Rekha must know her (phonic) name means river in Russian.
that reminded me of one athletic female drummer's cover video\nand dudes not commenting 'cute' or anything there but 'damn girl those arms'
Katie’s thumbs up made it all worth it.
please bring back the adventures of Kim Jong Un
Plot Twist: This is all Katie's illusion from cocaine
If blood started to spurt out of the top of her thumbs up at the end. That'd be great.
She'd be fired fast XD
She forgot to ask where all the good men have gone.
Yeah, it was kind of bitchy.
But there's a difference between being bitchy about it and being assertive (or standing up for themselves)
This is not a woman only thing. \n\nIf you have never been told chill out I was joking , it's not that big a deal, you are over reacting when someone clearly wasn't joking. You live under a rock. \n\nStand up for yourself and don't second guess. Reflect later on by yourself or with close friends.
Hi, I'm the guy who has never seen satire before, here to complain about SJWs...
Rekha (and Zac) are Crushing the Best CH Video Championship that doesn't exist
Hahaha im like this although im not a woman
I love the twist at the ending! Superbly done!! Legendary!
Feeling embarrassed because of something or someone is cringe\nWhat is it called if I feel very, very very, very awkward because of this
does anyone else get these stupid excel ads that are suuuper annoying? like they play anad for half the video and then just show a silent screen with the product for like 10 secs, AND YOU CANT SKIP IT
CollegeHumor doesn't seem to understand the concept of stretching out a joke for too long. Nearly every video is based around a simple, stupid gag that just goes on and on for WAY too long and generally isn't that funny. I used to laugh my ass off at these videos, but now, they're just dumb.
THIS WAS SO FUNNY
the music cutting in and out really makes this
That was annoying....Repeated herself wayyy for often.
What a cute little video
would have been funnier if he called a guy's presentation cute at the end
Collegehumour better not turn into fucking buzzfeed with this feminist shit
Someone finally said it.
This made me laugh so much, the references, guy reactions 😂👌
I miss the key n peele show who else does?
I recognized 2 people and they were both women!
…big men in HERE'S work????????\nMy head hurts, too!!
I accept and reject this video
When he said the presentation was cute I was offended and thought the only time that’s appropriate is if the presentation was about cats or kittens. Turns out it was. I’m good.
I like this one, i chuckled. Not gonna lie.
Why's the blonde guy so orange tho
Good that they're bringing attention to this problem, less so that they're writing women who complain about sexism in the workplace off as people who are unreasonable and overreacting
This was very cleverly written!
Imagine how much more productive the work place could be if there wasnt women rudely interrupting men all the time everytime they took a compliment the wrong way.
Damn, this video was so cute.
Cute video
This was amazing
HA! Women.
You funny idiots
RELATABLE!
J
hahahahahahahahahaha
*Fewer. ;)
same rekha
Who is this animu tsundere?
projecting, ladies and gentlemen.
My life story
That twist though.
Looks like somebody needs a squip
Yep
Great ending
Omg this is so tru
fucking kys
One fewer woman* cmon
Not nearly dark enough.
*katy approves*
Not funny!!!!
That killed me ahhshshshsh
I just wanna be chell
I GETS IT
Accurate though.
If this was supposed to be funny, it wasn't.\nIf it was supposed to be social commentary, it doesn't really send a clear message.\nIf it's supposed to support a side, then what side is it supporting?\nWhat is the point of this?
Katie's thumbs up was the best part!!!!
Not a good way to portray feminism at all...
Moral of the story is,  girls are confusing boarding on the edge of crazy. so don't feel bad??? ...am I on the right track?😅
Women should not be allowed to stand up for themselves they are lower then men at everything
That reaction was RAW
I'm really disappointed that weenie doesn't seem to be in his helmet for most of the movie.
“I need someone to show me my place in all of this...”\n\n“How bout in the ground?”\n\nLost it.
You should make videos of Kylo watching other trailers other than Star Wars. 👍🏽
I heard lady Gaga really liked this trailer. In fact, she said it was raw raw raw raw  rawwwww.
Chewy is Da Best HAHAHAHA That is All
It's baby time!
How about in the ground?\n\nKylo should have went super savage and said How about in the kitchen?
Ask Charlie Brown. He'll tell you what Christmas is.
Hey Kylo just so you know Star Wars The Last Jedi will be the darkest film of all Star Wars movies just like Empire Strikes Back. So that means the First Order is going to win in this film. I think you will be impressed with this new Star Wars movie Kylo.😀
*chef Ramsay does not approve of this*
We need a Kylo Stimpy 'cos Ren needs a friend.
That was a good evil laugh there.
My helmet is like my favorite thing ever-kylo ren me too, me too kylo
His laugh at the end is killing me.\n\nWHAAT?! HAHAHAHAH!!!
Who is that handsome devil? lol
I hope the BlueRay will also include the *raw cut* when it comes out
This guy does the best kylo vids!
That laugh close to the end
The laugh kills me every time
shut up about game of thrones, auralnauts.  i don't watch that show
Episode XII: Attack of the Cyporgs
Was that...couldnt be. Was that motherfucking baby time?
Kylo Ren's reaction to his first time on PorgHub.
Hearing Kylo Ren say kawaii... honestly guys, I did not expect that and it fucking killed me 😂
When he laughed at the end I fucking pissed myself
This guy needs more subscribers
that laugh at the end
THIS TRAILER IS 100% RAW!
yeah, theres something wrong with chewbacca's face. Looks more like a cosplayer
Welcome to Monday night RAW!! *Fireworks*
I died when he started laughing at “Reylo.”\n\n“WHAT?!! Hahahahaha! Yeah, no. There won’t be no truce! Hahahahaha!”
Star Raws: The Raw Jedi
so BEN! DO YOU PULL THE TRIGER? WACK BOTH OF THEM? if not. wth is your master going to say?
What's up everyone it's ya boy kylo lmao 😂
It's baby time!
Raw, like I enjoy my DOG.
Congrats, you have given birth to the RAW meme.
I have been refreshing Youtube waiting for this. lmao
All I had to hear was “Tyrion Lannister” and you got a fucking like from me
Fat Joe new hot smash single So Excited check it out https://youtu.be/AvmOC-SwnhU
That laugh is so fucking hilarious
Plot twist: Gordon Ramsay makes a special cameo appearance in TLJ just to say IT'S RAWWWWWW!!
Raw it's the new high ground
Might as well rename the movie to Monday Night Raw: The Movie
Where's Lando damn it !
What's with these guys and dramatic pauses?
Wow, I would have thought Kylo would be more excited at the prospect that HE becomes the master and Rey would be his apprentice after having shown the superiority of the ... (say it with me) ... RAW ... power of the Dark Side, that where Luke was scared of that ... raw ... strength, Kylo embraced it and seeks to mold it, mold Rey, to take her place at HIS side, along with the Sith--just like his Grandfather tried to do with Luke. That would allow Kylo to live up to Grandfather!
“Is that supposed to be Chewbacca? What is happening with his face?”
There will be no truce. Lmao the laugh is the best.
“Why is everything suddenly so raw?”\n\nThat cracked me up xD
Why is every one saying *RAW* and *FRESH* ??
I will steal your next order of cracker jack boxes, they are mine by right.
Kylo Ren totally is the kind of guy making Youtube reaction videos. XD\n\nThat is wrong! I would never destroy my stuff! My stuff is cool! Right guys, my stuff is cool! You don't know me, trailer... YOU DON'T KNOW ME! *goes off camera, red flashes and lightsaber destruction sounds off screen* ...Wait, what? Blade Runner? That sounds interesting, let's check that out. Wait... is that? No! Not him! That is not possible! *More lightsaber destruction*
I need someone to show me my place in all this\nHow bout on the ground
Are you sure it's not LAW?
They are cho kawaii LMFAO
Nice ‘baby time’ remix
DO ITTTTTTT
LMAO!!!
❤️
Raw, like an unshaven butthole.
Oh hey, whos that handsome devil lmao
Kylo, such a pansy cuck for Mary Sue Disney garbage
I'm so raw- Kylo Ren
R A W
*R A W*\n*A*\n*W*
What's christmas?
tyrion lannister?? hahahaaaaa
What's Christmas? Lol
Tyrion! 💀💀💀
*Raw Sauce*
1:59 Dont you mean\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkIJsnLBA4c
100% certified RAW!
TFA & TLJ are pathetic KOTOR ripoffs.
Honestly Rey looked like she was getting viciously buttfucked by a vibrating dildo machine
what's Christmas? \nGenius!
What's Christmas?
What's Christmas? 😂
DEW IT!
Tyrion?\n\nlmao
Kylo: struggling to kill leia\n\n\nreaction Kylo: Dew It!!!
“TYRION!!!!!!!” 😂🤣
just random русский комментарий
Autism
Imao HUGE GoT spoiler watch out guys
What's Christmas? Lol😂
what's christmas?
meow meow meow meow meow meows
IT'S FOOKING RAWWWWWW
This KRR is raw af
Cho-kawaii and mad-tasty.
My nauts are RAW
It's babytime
Auralnauts are 100% certified raw.
*CAUTION: SPOILERS AHEAD*\n*CAUTION: SPOILERS AHEAD*\n*CAUTION: SPOILERS AHEAD*\n*CAUTION: SPOILERS AHEAD*\n\n\n\n\nthe porg grabs chewies bowcaster shoots kylo and says i like this thing
Stop saying raw it sounds weird.
What's Christmas?
RAW!
RAW!
BEST RIRI SONG EVER?? Mine is We Found LOVE...\n\nLETS START A THREAD....
I'm the middle sibling 😍
How I wish you could also make me pretty like her😭💖💖💖
My glob!!! Her eyes are so beautiful.
I hella remember Fanny Dooley and wanting to be part of zoom so I could do the snack tutorials lol #ZOOM
What song is in the ending?
imagine if she walked into the fenty counter at sephora- she would get bombarded lmao
holyshet how is she not rihanna.she really got me omg
I thought it was rihanna 😭
I thought this was legit...
Tbh she doesn't look like Rihanna, she just has similar figures. Different lip , nose .
Omg, I actually that she was Rihanna!!!😍😂
I FEEL DUMB! I THOUGHT SHE WAS RIHANNA
SHE IS VERY BEAUTIFUL ❣❣❣❣
All of you guys got tricked when I saw the thumbnail  I said that don't look like her
She is so fucking cute😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Wth I thought this was Rhi the whole time
I honestly didn't think it wasn't Rihanna until the actual makeup session started.
The real question is WHERE IS THAT DRESS FROM?!
Youngest child I have to older brothers I NEED a sister!!!!
I really thought she was Rihanna☹️🤣
Patrick I'M A SCORPIO TOO!!!!!
Come on and zoom! 😂 yeah we’re getting old 😬😅
HER EYES ARE KILLER 😍 \n\n\nWait. Nvm... they're contacts.... STILL KILLER THO
I thought it's Riri ! who's with me ?
I thought she was rihanna
This was low-key creepy af lol😂 looks like Rihanna from angles . She's a very gorgeous Haitian .
I noticed right away she doesn't look like rihhana
is it just me or she look like rihanna
I'm the oldest & I legit thought this was Rihanna
I'm the middle child
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I Got Clickbated and so did You
ZOOM WAS THE BEST
this got me fucked up.... she literally looks exactly like her tf
I’m the oldest and I legit thought she was Rihanna
Don’t try to tell me that isn’t Rihanna
Ugh i love you two
I’m the baby
Gurrrl I clicked the link cos I thought you legit did Rihanna’s face!😳😳😳
U tried to fool us!! But hey they do look hella alike💛
She’s so beautiful and nice, bless her 😌🙏🏻💕
wtf the model looks like riri WHAT THE FUCK
I'm the youngest 😭😂
I thought she's the real Rihanna. so beautiful.
What song is this?! 😮
PatrickStarrr  I need to start wearing my glasses..... even after you put her name on the damn screan i was like oh shit boii patrickk im soo proud thn i was like tf thats not Rihanna now i feel so dumb... (im still proud of you patrick) lol ilysm
literally clicked on this coz i thought it was Rihanna. Patrick you're fuckin amazing <3
She's sooo beautiful without makeup 😍😍
Bitch I thought this was actually Riri. Still good video and pretty model tho
*nigga making me think Rihanna is in the video, fml*
0:44 Patrick in the back 💀😂
OMG!! Its Rihanna
Oldest b x😉😂
SHE LITERALLY LOOKS JUST LIKE RIRI OMG
I thought it was riri mygaddd! 😱😱😱
OMG ITS QW33N RIHANNA ♡
She even sounds like rihanna
....Only child.  Totally left out lol.
She looks really uncomfortable 😂
Oldest!!!!
hahaha TOTOO!
I thought it was Rihanna, smh
I legit thought it was Rihanna wtf !!
What that isnt Rihanna
Middle Child!!
Thought this was Rihanna :(
damn....riri's doppleganger....wow
Omg
Waitttt...what??? Omg got me fooled. I seriously thought she was Rihanna. Wthhh?? Im so cornfuseeedddd.
ayee scorpios in the house.
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Most disappointing clickbait :(
She legit look like rihanna
I love RIRI❤❤❤❤❤
Wait..thats not riri??
IM THE Oldest
Walmart Rihanna 😂😂😂😂😂
Akala ko si Riri HAHAHAHA
Youngest😊😊😊😊
oldest
Does not look like Rhianna \nDoes look like Josaline Hernandez
Oml yasssss
oldest child gang 😊
Youngest
OMG I used to watch Zoom! lol
She isn’t Rihanna
Click bait
*Oh totoo?*\n#FilipinaHere!
Middle child
WOAH SHE LOOKS A LOT LIKE RIHANNA
Oldest! Xx
Oldest
I consider this clickbait.
Middle
He's hilarious
Im shook i thought this was riahnna like oml im so shook thus is her doubble ganger
Middle
Middle👌
WOW...Incredible stuff!!!!
I LITTERALY THOUGHT SHE LOOKED JUST LIKE FREAKING RIHANNA
Same thing here in Canada. It is getting really cold here. But I will still eat popsicles in the dead of winter because I don't care! Btw these look so good!
Please make mint oreo and merangue chocolate cake
Hii Jemma can u plzz shows us some more biscuits or something like biscuit rolls or some cake dessert 😋🤗 tht would be great thnxx
I’m just here drooling over her recipes cause I’m too lazy to make them 😂
They look gorgeous 😍
Nice😍
omg u can just freeze yogurt! JUST LIKE THAT!! my god, I surely wasted my life till now..... and of course u can wrap the popsicles once they are frozen!!!!!!! 😭😭😭😂 thanks for saving my wasted life TWICE, surely am making this one!!! ❤️
Cum on my tits
Do MACARONS! :)
That paper wrapping gave me asmr
I want to study abroad next year in London so if i do go, Im defiantly going to  Crumbs & Doilies!
I love your cooking!!It's awesome and delicious. I LOVE YOU!!^^♡♡♡♡
Hello Jemma, could you please make Raffaello cupcakes? :) x
Jemma, your videos are so helpfull and Tasty 😋 💖💖
Love this idea!!
These are your popsicles! ( beats the wisk ) 😂😂😂
Yummy 😋😋😋 Kisses from my channel 💕😘😘😘💕
Yogurt is gross
Aw, you posted this about half an hour after my girls begged to watch a video of yours before going to bed. (We found an old one they hadn't seen yet.) They're 6 & 4 and love cake videos, yours especially.
mmm yummy! thanks for sharing the recipe, jemma! ♡
#YUM
Jemma you have nice hair
my mouth watering
this*
First
Look really good....
soo nice!!!!
I'm sorry I love Jemma but who bites and chews and ice lolly
Where can you get those icecream molds. Gotta have them.
Thanks for the recipe. Love you jemma.I live in Thailand l like watching you make a lot of sweets.
Those look delish!  And, you really did only use 4 ingredients!  Nice job Jemma!!
Hello sweetie.  I love all your videos, and I don't comment usually because I can't eat most of what you make because I don't like the flavor of butter or sugar.  I know, I'm really weird.  Anyway, thank you for this recipe because I would have never thought to make these!
Will you be attempting chocolate macarons at some point? (Not macaroons) they are tricky to get right but I think you will get there. You could even do them as part of a cupcake or something. Like the oreo cupcakes but with chocolate macarons. Anyway, keep up the good work. The snickers brownie and Portuguese custard tarts videos are my favourites.
Yuuuuummmmmmmmmyyyyyyyy
yup! it is always summer here in Singapore!
Fat Joe new hot smash single So Excited check it out https://youtu.be/AvmOC-SwnhU
Yes for me it's sunny, i am living in Caribbean !!! And cold what does it mean ?? 😄, i try your loly pop tomorrow , thank you, i send you peace of SUN 🌞🌞🌞
This should not be trending
Yogurt.\nyogurt.\n_yogurt_\n*yogurt*\n\nsorry,you yog *hurt* my feelings with that spelling.
Made me cringe watching you BITE the popsicle... Besides that, thank you, I'm going to try and make this!!
thank you so much! I'm just trying to eat quite a bit healthier here in Hawaii, so it was nice to see this recipe to know that I don't necessarily have to give up a monthly dessert. Thanks again very excited to try this!
Does anyone know what the US conversions are??? TIA
How about some more/ new Halloween recipes? Are you going to have a Halloween skit this year?
Nice video I'll make those when I  have a party or friends gathering
OMG 😙😙Jemma you did amazing with the popsicle and with every dessert💓💯 I can not wait to be like you and meet you someday you 😍inspire me to do what I do best and that is to bake🎂🍦🍩
Omg these look AMAZING!! Also I really like the look of your kitchen Jemma! I have just started a baking channel myself and would love it if anyone could check it out and say hello😌
I love the way you read our minds ( e.g.  can add or less sugar, use other fruit...) you answer our questions b4 we ask them. Lol
yummm and its so hot here in south america :p
Roseburg Oregon was 45 degrees this morning it's only about 51 degrees now I'm not happy with the cold weather already LOL I miss summer went warmer fall weather
Cupcake jemma it's my birthday on Sunday the 15th.
What's your star sign
Thank you for this Jemma. We're heading into Summer in South Africa so I will definitely be making this!
Today in Spain (at least in the south where I live) we were  at 27°C. So this are perfect
We’re stuck in Eternal summer here ://
Yes its perpetual summer here in Singapore, so yup, I would be making these for summer which is erm everyday...
Can i come to your shop Plz?
OMG I'm flippin over these ......gonna make them first thing tomorrow
This recipe is so easy and simple\nHow could you go wrong
The WInds of Winter
Looks lovely but I can't wait for spicy chocolaty winter bakes 😍
Was anyone else worrying about her pretty white shirt getting purple stains from the blueberries? 😮😅 x
I love your videos and it looks very tasty
Do these not cristallize? Every time I try freezing yogurt, it always creates small ice crystals that make it horrible to eat. How do I avoid that?
I'm the first one to watch his
They look like used tampons
RIP blueberry at 0:30
I thought frozen food shrinks...
Anybody know where you can get maple syrup in the UK!? I really want try it and this recipie out! Thanks anyways 😊
Love this video xxx
Looks like lightly used tampons to me. Just saying.
What's the machine behind her?
CupcakeJemma where did you get this popsickes molds. You said you bought them online could you please leave the link on your video I'll appreciate it!!! Love this recipe x
Made your Oreo cupcakes for a bake sale today :) they were delicious (if I do say so myself) but all down to the perfect recipe!
I noticed the bird tattoo and the one on the towel @ 00:35. Then i realized that it was a cupcake jemma towel. Plz tell us more
No way you did that blueberry squishing in that gorgeous top and didn't get it covered in blueberry splatter...
How about a pumpkin spice cupcake recipe? #Halloween.. #WinterIsComing
*HER VOICE IS SERIOUSLY NICE*
Im so proud of Demi for opening up about her past struggles, her anxiety, her alcoholism, her suicidal past. People need to see that all these issues can affect anyone and that it IS possible to bounce back from it. To be better, greater, stronger. Love you Demi
I'll never understand why people don't like her.
I HOPE MILEY MAKES ONE TOO 😭😭
Demi I love you soooo much!!!! You're the best role model there can be, Can't wait for Simply Complicated to come out.
IM ALREADY CRYING I LOVE YOU SO MUCH <3
That is so surreal they talk about the airplane incident. She was supposed to come to argentina with the jonas brothers and I was going to that concert (because of the jobros not her). But it was massive news.  It'll be nice to hear from them what that time was like.
Omg omg 😢😢😢 I'M SO PROUD OF YOU!!! I LOVE YOU SO SO SO MUCH ❤ so good to see you have so much good friends, good teamates that support you from the first time till now 😭😭😭 so happy to know you have them in your live
WHERE CAN I BUY IT
I can't wait to see this!! I'm gonna cry
She knows her voice is amazing. I mean thank you😂💀
I just keep replaying it. I'm so fucking exited!
and shes a jiu jitsu blue belt! big props to demi
ASSISTAM O MEU COVER DE COOL FOR THE SUMMER DEMI LOVATO!!!!
i belive in you demi  DONT CHANGE WHO  YOU ARE !!!!! i lik you and yur dog batman
When he said she was on the road to suicide... I was just like what!?
she's such an inspiration <3
I've been a fan since Camp Rock and Sonny with a Chance. Seeing Demi Lovato find herself even in her darkest times gave me the confidence to do the same! Thank you for having all the courage in the world to put this documentary out there for others to see! I LOVE YOU DEMI LOVATO!!!
So proud of her, been a Lovatic since day one😍😭😭👏🏽 we needed it
Girl why did you make me eyes sweat so bad!?!!!
So proud of you honey❤️
Not matter what we see in the video, we will support demi because she deserve all the love from us after every sacrifice she done for us. We love you demi, LOVATICS LOVE YOU FOR LIFE
1:47 Hahaha I CAN'T! Just her... So proud :)
Everyone acts like they’re the only one with struggles. Get over yourself.
I’m ready can’t wait for this to start, oh boy those clips are killing me. Honestly Demi has helped me so much. I am so proud of her.  😭😫😊😍
My queen I am ready I love you
YESS!! Love you Demi!!\nI FUCKING LOVE IT!! \nCAN'T WAIT!! 💙❤🙌\nOctober 17th
Demi I want to lick your ass hole & get my tongue shit stained from eating out that DELICIOUS ASS OF YOURS!\nSlurp SLurp SLURP!!!\nThere was never anything wrong with your body Demi.\nI would jack off to pics of you always especially when you took those nude ones where you are showing ass!\n:)
She's so fucking gorgeous!!!! I wanna cry 😭😭😭😭😭😭
omg i cannot wait for this!!!!!
Fox P Diddy f***** puffy she's only half Mexican half white singing with ebonics it's the way  people think so fake I've been through more s*** than her
Awwww I love you Demi, and I have always ever since I was 7 years old haha, you are such an amazing most beautiful, most talented human being, and I can't wait to see this. Your journey is not over yet, and I will always be right by your side for whatever happens next. :)
I wanna watch this so bad
I cannot WAIT to watch your video!! I love you dearly, your amazing and I’m in love with you new album, well allllll your albums. I’ve got em allll!!! Love you Demi and thank you for being an incredible role model for all the women who love you!! 😘😘
Damn she got a fat ass
I love you, Demi! Thank you for being brave enough to release this documentary that looks very personal, it means a lot to me.
When I feel sexy watch out.\nI'm sorry Demi, I'll just keep watching! XD
so fucking proud of you baby❤️
Man, I wish I could watch it but it's on YouTube red and I can't afford it😭😭😭
I cried and it's a FREAKING trailer
i would fuck her ! :)
you so excited to share with me I'm so excited to know you cos I'm in love with you boo big up
This made me cry 😢 Demi I’m sorry you had to go through that shit
I'm so excited for it
This is why you use auto-tune and i don't 😁
Seems good but Chris Brown's documentary is wayyyyy better 💕
I can't wait for this omg yes 😍😭
I love her so much. Her music has helped me through my own struggles so I’m definitely going to cry while watching this 😭😭😭
I cant wait to see it
From watching her on sonny with a chance, to now! She’s blossomed amazingly.
Demi, you are one of my complete idols and I love you so damn much. 💟💚❤💛💙💜💗
😚😚😚😚 love you Demi\npatiently waiting for #simplycomplicated 😍😗😗\n\nyou are the best !
Demi is just such a wonderful person❤️
YouTube must've paid a lot for this exclusive. This doc would've fit more on Apple Music, Netflix or even air as an MTV special. This being on YouTube feels so random. Anyone know if this will be on YouTube Red though? I really wanna watch it but don't want to pay for yet another premium streaming service, and I've already used up my YTR free trial.
I'm gonna cry watching this, i swear, this already breaks my heart a little :'( Love u so much Demi ! You're an inspiration for all of us <3
I need to watch this!
I mean thank you\n😂😂😂😂
mental health ain't no joke
Free of all demons! The journey is worth it and we are all on it. #Choose2LoveOneself #BackToOurEssence
I love  you demi all of us are proud of you
Demi is sexy period she is always slaying my world she is mi reina 👸🏻
Oct 17 just in time for my birthday!!! Thank you so much I love you !!! 💙💙💙💙
OMG, I'M SO PROUD DEMI!! I've been waiting for this for so long!!!
DEMI TE AMAMOS
DEMI IS THE EPITOME OF A WOMAN: STRONG FEARLESS AND CONFIDENT
*I love her so much.*
Can't wait! Thank you for sharing your story as it is inspiring and might help those with issues of all sorts and that they realize that it is okay to open up to someone. Side note... It does not matter who did it first, Gaga or Britney, it's not a competition. This is about Demi and her life; her struggles and her success. As fans, we should be supportive in the same way that we would want for our selves for the things that we have struggled through or may go through one day. It also doesn't matter whose horse is bigger some people with minor problems can't deal because they need help, because they have underlying issues. Anyways, i look foward to watching your documentary.
yessss ❤️😭❤️
*milking it
I loooove yoooou so muccch demi💖💖
Love my queen. ❤️
What a self-absorbed twat
So excited!
I'm crying
shes fat now
My fucking idol !!
OMG IM SO FREAKING EXCITED IT GAVE ME THE CHILLS
So proud 🙏🏻❤️
I’m soooooooo exited
❤️❤️❤️❤️
WE LOVE YOU DEMIIII
What a load of self centered fucking duck cunt Muppet fucks
I love you
❤❤❤❤
❤❤❤❤
Sounds so good!!!!!
Your amazing!!
CAN'T WAIT CAN'T WAIT CAN'T WAIT
So excited!
Damn😥😣stay strong
Wow, amazing!!!
💔💙💙💙💙
Loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
delete it fat
Tô chorando
Yass absolute queen
I'M SO EXITED!!!! <3
😭😭❤❤❤
Im so confident in my own skin so hypocritical when she wears a shit ton of make up hahahhaha, but boy can she sing 😊
Awww she sad:((( poor rich girl:/
I'm still waiting for MYSTERY OF LOVE
Thank you, Sufjan, for making my day so much better!
I cry, but smile, but also cry and smile to Surfman's music like a little bitch.\nHold me.
I can't even get mad anymore at Suf for making me this sad.
This dude is  unbelievable.
The most beautiful voice I ve heard. I adore this artist I don't think I am wrong in saying that he is a beautiful person, I really feel connected with Sufjan. I've attended so many concerts, so found of so many music styles, but when I saw Sufjan on stage both in France where I come from and in Dublin where I live,  I really feel he was welcoming us at home. So cosy, funny yet magical atmosphere. It makes me shiver anytime I listen to him,. Sometimes I feel nostalgic in a beautiful way listening to his songs, yet I never feel alone as I have the feeling to be with a spiritual, kindly friend. I feel so happy. I even suffered panic attacks following a trauma for a while, and listening to Sufjan was always the soothing way to chill down. I just wish him the best in his life, he is giving so much to many of us, I wish he realises the impact he has on turning our lives better, isn't it the most beautiful goal to achieve to make someone happy?
Carrie & Lowell Part 2: Electric Boogaloo
Tears are running down my cheeks.
WALLOWA LAKE MONSTER (lyrics):\n\nAs if you know the story of Wallowa Lake\nLeviathan first hid in the deep where her children sleep\nShe kept them hidden from the plague\nBut have you heard the story of my mother’s fate?\nShe left us in Detroit in the rain with a pillow case\nFortune for the paper weight\n\nWe followed her to Joseph, near the Indian raid\nShe wept among the weeds, hide and seek, for the fallen chief\nSpathiphyllum on his grave\nAnd like the cedar wax wing, she was drunk all day\nWe put her in the sheet, little wreath, candles on the crate\nAs the monster showed its face\n\nAs she waits for her children in the shade\nDemogorgon or demigod the ghost parade\nNo oblation will bring her back to our place\n\nShe stayed within the deep end of Wallowa Lake\nThe undertow refrained with the flame of a feathered snake\nCharybdis in its shallow grave\nShe gave us one last feature, the fullness of her face\nIn the shade of Hin-mah-too-yah… (Red Napoleon)\nAs the demon took her place\n\nAs we wait for the waters to reside\nHer remarkable stoicism and her pride\nWhen the dragon submerged we knew she had died
Like a continuation of Carrie and Lowell with added brass and strings... And the lyrics too, just wow
Every time I hear Suf's voice on a new track, I fall in love all over again <3
this is literally just a sonic fusion of age of adz and carrie and lowell lol
Carrie & Lowell part 2. I'm here for it, daddy!
If his goal was to compete for the most depressing lyrics with the saddest music ever written, I think he quite easily achieved the victory. Every suggestion for a competitor is welcome
The brass and strings in this song sound similar to those in some parts planetarium
Subaru Sedans is at it again.\ni can bet he is not using *A U T H E N T I C VIEWS D O T C O M* to get views \nas he is talented
thank you, sufjan. we've missed you
The Greatest Gift is Sufjan Stevens himself. An angel in our midst, singing to God for all of us.
Sufjan, it's hard to tell if you're a better poet or a musician. Absolutely incomparable genius
Yo this is depressing as shit.
omg this was exactly what I needed, bless u Sufjan
what a beautiful slow drift of an ending
cara eu te amo demais
Amazing!! So inspiring Suf!!!!
There are sad days, and there are days Suf releases new music. These days are also sad, but in a good way. Thank you, Sadjan Stevens.
On National Coming Out Day no less
Holy shit this is beautiful, can't wait!!!
This is what genius sounds like.
First 10 seconds sound a lot like Everybody Wants To Rule The World
Heard this yesterday, for the first time. Thanks Gorilla vs. Bear! So beautiful!
Sounds like something exactly between C&L and Planetarium. Bless him.
this is where sufjan is at his best ... stripped back, folk-y, vulnerable. love it.
the second half straight up beat me up, this is so good
I don't know how he managed to make me cry with all his songs.
this song is like half carrie and lowell, half age of adz
I never clicked a video so fast and I was not disappointed
i thought it was mystery of love...this is better
This guy is a genius
is this a nylon banjo?
You have no idea how we've waited for this
It's hard to believe that I've loved Sufjan for 12 years now.
Thank you thank you so much for releasing it on my birthday ❤
a 10 minute edit of the outro \npls
Man I used to swim in wallowa lake all the time as a kid.
just heard this today on the radio tripped me out hard core
The lyrics of this song make me think of a family losing their mother to alcoholism. Additionally, it is sung very beautifully.
I NEED A MYSTERY OF LOVE!!!!
Been a fan since time began. Keep inspiring creative genius!
The beauty of this song makes up for my disappointment that the new release is not Mystery of Love
This is so beautifull. Thank you, thank you !
I feel like the more Sufjan gets old, the more he makes me cry with his music genius. Sufjan is like that husband who really loves his wife as time goes by both of them. \n\nI've been following him since 2008 and I'm still in love with him until now. And I'm afraid if tomorrow I'll not see your face again.
Honestly since A Sun Came I don't think he's come out with a lackluster song/b-side.  This song continues that trend.
Terima kasih banyak. Terima kasih.
Had a crappy day. This made it better
Boy, another goosebumps attack, just like the first time I heard the entire Carrie & Lowell album :')
more pls
Beautiful song Sufjan, thank you, thank you again
I'm ded.
*this is wine to my ears - both bitter and sweet at the same time*
Thank you, yet again Sufjan, for saving my life
Sufjan I would do anything for you
Surfism Stovens is the musician of the century.
Think this is a B-side
I am crying and I don't know why
if i weren't at the uni library right  now (supposed to be studying) i would be crying...
💕
Im wet.
Sad boi hours :'(
❤️
Horribly, disgustingly prim
goosebumps.
Maravilhosa
eu te amo tanto pirra
beauuuuutiful!
I fucking love you Sufjan❤❤
<3 mood
amazing <3
Ohhhh Sufjan 😍
so good :)
O boy❤
Sufj you killin me fam!!!
Beautiful, ethereal. Takes me to heavens.
Standard Sufjan....SUPERB!
HOLY FUCK WHAT??
‘Trending’
Thank you
ty daddy
[muffled screams in the background]
Exquisite Sufjan. I love you.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Our boy got #20 on trending! 💪
thank you suf
I'm from Wallowa lake and the lake monster is actually a real urban myth from the Nez Perce Tribe I was told growing up:) this makes me so happy.
this album is gonna be the gayest ever i can feel it
You are the Bob Dylan of our generation.
18 days left.
Dearest heart, you feel it rising do you not? How we love you and want you to know of our gratitude, simply for YOU Sufjan, Lowell and all in the family that is life. As an aside this notification came through while I am covered in hospital sheets. Too many hospital stays simply trying to keep death (life?) at bay... this is a gift I take with me on day 3. You lulled me to sleep last night with Carrie and Lowell and Planetarium on repeat. I am no longer afraid. I merely want release... we're all going to die. Look right into the light lovelies. It Wont.Hurt.A.Bit... Has your prayer only been LOVE? GOOD. For love is all...
In 1885, a prospector, who wished to keep his identity a secret, was about midway across the lake when he saw an animal about fifty yards to the right of his boat. The animal reared its head and neck out of the water about 10 feet, paused, then quickly dove back into the water.
noooo i thought this was a new album
Is this like B-side from Carrie and Lowell? Or from a new album? Sounds fantastic as usual. Still can’t wait for Call Me by Your Name tracks
Who think it will be a Hit ? On every radio in less than one week ! Trap Beats on my YouTube channel ! Send me some love !
Any small YouTubers want to help support eachother subscribe to our channel and we will SUBSCRIBE back immediately
God this is what we accept as music these days?
@guccimane, your growth n evolution...so proud of you!!
INSTRUMENTAL ON MY CHANNEL GUYS!
Now this song is🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I think it's pathetic he has to sing about getting his wing wang sucked- nasty.\nyou need to broaden your horizons!
My d*ck is
I love how the title says enormous feat
your booty is enormous and my dick is enormous too!🤣🤣🤣🤣💪💪💪🔥🔥🔥
Me and my friend rapping!! VIEWS AND SHARE!!!!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGHRLYaQO7c\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dz5ABi7OWU\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9fHXnI2R3Y
Niggers crack me the fuck up. Get a real job boy
Gucci did his thing Ty $ took this song to the next level
Best Song On The Album
2:51 How did I know this was gonna happen by the title of this song
What type of pussy names himself after a bag. Yous a fag
your booty is enormous but my dick enormous too🔥🔥
Two Fifth Harmony rappers making a song together!!'
This little faggot should be shot to death. Dumb negro bitch
Waiting For A Music Video
Is it me or does this song give Travis Scott vibes?
You wanna know what else is enormous....... ;) \n\n\n\n\n\n\nMy heart...
How much does a Big Mac cost I really need to know
Before 1 milli !!!
ayy so goood!!!
Oh yaaaah! Here b4 1milli
Defiantly
https://soundcloud.com/theofficialpeso/boy-bye
Got that fye
Here before 1million . Gucci bringing the heat foreal.
Generic
Stay mad u punk bitches
Http://streetbangaz.org
How did Gucci Make It?
BLESSINGS RIGHT TI DOLLARS YEA FUCKING NGO
Gucci tighter than ever
When dolla say oh yea oh yeaaaa in the hook it lowkey sound like jaqueese
Banger 🔥
gucci that nigga
https://youtu.be/wtXL1hP8ohY
☟ hahaha ☟
http://salarydone.com/?cash=28351
Before 500k
Next stripper song
Both Fifth Harmony’s collabs collab together
Gucci becoming the Goat
Gucci #25 on trending
Trash!!
Can’t wait till Gucci get married
Awww yeahhh this shit trending. 🔥🔥🔥
My dicks enormous oh yeaaa it’s enormous oh yeaaa
That's Dope! Gold
*SHOUT OUT MY NIGGA TY... BRASIL, VERY WEED*
MÚSICA DE PANAMÁ EN SPOTIFY\n►Top 50 Panamá► http://spoti.fi/2pNX4e5\n►Clásicos Del Típico Panameño► http://spoti.fi/2vaiD9l\n►Trap & Reggae Panamá► http://bit.ly/TrapYReggae
que buen beat sin duda
Great. Another repetitive, mediocre beat, same lyrical theme with cop-out juvenile lyrics.  I swear most these new tracks sound so similar. Fr, nothing against guwop. I must be getting old or just feeling that rap-fatigue.
Not trending worthy in my opinion. \n\nI'm out.
the east atlanta santa
As crazy as it sounds, Lowkey Travis Scott has been the biggest influence on rap music in the last few years, before Travy got huge he was the only rapper that sounded like that, now a bunch of rappers sound like Travis
Why does it feel like Gucci dropped 3 albums in one year? Still not enough Gucci Mane
Fan since 05’. Great to see the trap god shining and making good music 🎶💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This new generation of hip hop/rap sucks. All sound the same and no feelings in the lyrics. And this god damn overused sub-bass...
CAN I GET A VIEW https://youtu.be/L1wepN1MEwI I MAKE 🔥 BETS
I'm convinced this dude Dolla lives in a booth, takes no breaks 👏💯
Check out the post malone type beat on my channel 🔥
She know what it is! Ain't no other way around this Boss!
Gucci Mane and Kyle are the best singers
Yassss for the album from your east Atlanta baby 😘
it's good but I feel like it could have been better :/
Much love Gucci Mane $ Ty dollar 😍😍😍 it's definitely enormous
Fuck that here before 50 mill 😂
I'm not girthy but I'm lengthy...that still counts for something right?? 🍌☻
To be honest if you walked past him there it would look awkward. See what he did here:             https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuzPI2kM3nE
Abel should’ve been in this song and Ty shoulda been in Curve
Sub to my channel
yoooo if one person reads this that'd be amazing. Any rappers, singers, artists ect - check my beats if ya gotta minute. I work hard on 'em so it'd mean a lot!
Dolls$ign proved he can do it without the autotune
Like this to be Famous
Uncle Wop
Fan from India 🇮🇳
Champaingn in my bath
Who else hears Travis Adlibs
Sound like pnb rock
Dat Gucci Rap Was Lit AF
hard
the old Gucci 🔥🔥🔥
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MbNiw7LaSo&feature=share
Its Gucciiiiiiiii\n#Fansinceday1
My gay ass 💘 gucci✋✋✋✋✋✋
Ty killed it
Good shit wizop
Never fails 🔥🚨💯
perfect combination
Dat Gucci Flow 🔥🔥
❤️
Gucci been the 💩
Guwop the legend
https://youtu.be/Lx81jpiUm8M
I saw  futuring ty dolla $ign I liked directly 🙌😆💕
Waited till the whole album came out to listen to this & as usual Ty$ kills his feature. Gucci killed it too of course
That. Was. The most beautiful thing I have ever seen.
have you been working on this since the game first came out?
Absolutely amazing. Must have taken a lot of work. Great job!
Your video has 12.5 million views on Facebook...
Man, I have seen dozens of Line Rider videos, and this is far-and-away the best one.
Is this a game?
This Baby Driver trailer looks great 👌🏽
My goodness, I haven't watched a Line Rider video since high school, like.. during the primal time of YouTube. I'd love to see more of these. <3
This is just amazing😄😄
This wonderful musical piece has unfortunately become such a gimmick in modern media. This brilliant piece of work helps make it respectable again-- by pairing it with something that is actually impressive.
Wow, this has exploded, hasn't it!
There's what looks like a pirated version of this on Facebook with 11 million views...
I watched this at school I'm music class. It's cool and cute
Watch at 2x speed if you want to give yourself a heart attack
This is amazing! Though I think this guy stole your video and is getting your views! https://www.facebook.com/mentesencaospuntocom/videos/1856750831032112/?hc_ref=ART3Ocf385p-ONzOJahnsCbFLxTEM4eQqlpmRHiSs4WvfrL2Aw7j9YeX3mxc2Gwmo8Q
fyi this guy reposted your vid and has copped 10M views on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/mentesencaospuntocom/videos/1856750831032112/\n\nmight want to ask for credit and link to this vid. I googled line rider and your vid was the 2nd link to show up.
I think this is my favorite video on yt.
By far the best video I have seen all year. Well done, Sir. Well done indeed.
That sled has seen better days
There is very little that could make me feel better today. But this did it. I was grinning the entire watch. Thank you~
Came here from my band teacher that saw  this on Facebook lmao
Towards the end the song got scarier
I couldn't stop laughing when it reached 86. It was not only satisfying, but it was hilarious.
Thank you for this.
Hi, this page uploaded your video without giving you the credits that you deserve, now it has 11 M views. That's not right!\n https://www.facebook.com/mentesencaospuntocom/videos/1856750831032112/?hc_ref=ARQggUHuwbdTmAlYPC9GtWz0E3e1SfYQ34NSfTruo0B_NVQQhJrWmOoCeLnau7UMyB8
I think this is truly a work of art.
This is probably the best video of 2017!
I didn't expect it to be that good.
That was raw and exquisite at the same time. Great job!
Man, that's falling with style. Buzz Lightyear would be proud.
This is one of the greatest things I have ever watched. Great job !
Saw this on some Facebook page, hope more people see it here!
Something about that was hilarious and I love this
At the end, I was thinking the rider is going to go back in the sled at the finish so I started yelling at the screen. It didn’t happen, but that was good shit.
This is truly amazing. WOW!
When I was in college we had an assignment to pair simple shape animations to classical music and I gotta send this video to my old professor because it does what I tried to do so efficiently lol
You are now welcome to enter haven
So much work! Out of curiosity, are those the bar numbers we see flashing by? Amazing work thank you for sharing!
I think you are a fucking geniuos
Great job! Using this with my college Music Appreciation class.
I used to play this game when i was 5.....\n\n\n\nMan that was nostalgic....
Lovely,\nbut 2:14 have one measure is wrong.\nIf creater can fix it, will be perfect!
This is absolutely insane and mesmerizing! Great work!!
So simple and so elegantly done.  I'm so happy to have found this video!  Thank you so much for the excellent content!
You aren't the hero we expected, but the hero we needed. Thank you. I am in my senior year of college and in taking a break from midterm studying I found this. Thank you for making my night suck less.
Amazing! My class loved it so much, they wanted to play it the whole live long day!
We finally found it: the best thing on the Internet.
Loved it! Thanks for all your hard work putting it together. :-)
Nothing has ever given me as much joy as this 2:45 minute video has.
Seriously awesome. Let me just say that it drives me crazy when I see someone share this on Facebook from a random page with zero credit!
There are few videos more intimidating than this one
I remember trying to sync music to Line Rider tracks years ago, but I never had the patience lol. Great video!
The finale is amazing... the double beat with the sled and the dude.. so much fun
THIS IS THE PERFECTIN.
i watched this video in my school music class
Haha that was fantastic. Used to play this game in highschol some 10 years ago.
This quite possibly is the best video I've ever seen. Thank you for a good laugh!
As a music educator, this is a very useful tool for visually demonstrating stylistic aspects! Thank you for this contribution.
One of the best videos I've seen on YouTube. Perfection.
The staff at the end only has 4 lines.
天才だ
WE NEED MORE
Absolutely fantastic!
wowowowowow
I held my breath.... wow
You maniac. You MANIAC.
Awesome!
Bravo!  Bravo!!!
Rad.
Clever!
Genius! Stunning stuff. Subscribed, of course.
oh my gosh do more! im obsessed!
Abso-f**kin-lutely brilliant
This is art!
Congratulations on 1 million views!
did he dieded?
That was amazing!!!!!
Edvard Grieg would have been proud. Maybe.
loved this
Baby Driver (2017)
This was fucking hilarious xD
Gros travail bravo
why?
Absolutely amazing.  Great job!
so fucking good
song \n\n O.o
Holy shit that was awesome
This is incredible.
Owns
HOW
1:40
This is incredible
parabens nuca escutei uma mussica classica ate o fim
Incredibly satisfying to watch!
So awesome!!
Amazing work. Honestly. Really satisfying to wathc. Props to you!
Amazing.
Holy fuck
this is awesome 8] subscribed
SICK DUDE!!!
we don't believe you Mr =======
The what’s in your pants bit you did is leaps and bounds worse than anything that can be proven against Trump but keep trying to preach to us idiot
He doesn't get flu shots. Come on.
Jimmy Kimmel won't touch the Harvey Weinstein story because he's not the moral conscience of America.  Right Jimmy, you're not.  America finds your ilk repulsive.  You defend sexual predators and you are a sexual predator.
The Trumpettes are such dorks. EVERY day they cry that Jimmy hasn't addressed Harvey Weinstein ...oblivious to the fact that he addressed at the beginning of his first show after the scandal broke
Where are your weinstein jokes...so sad what you became.
Hahahaha! TRUMP Repetitive tapes are right on point!!! Thanks Jimmy K.
Jr. was defending his dad....understandable....Kimmel come on slamming a kid...that is a new low....he s a teen besides Trump didn't look great at his last signing of the Healthcare Executive Order....possible heart failure on the horizon from so much stress...I don't like him as President either but pushing a man into heart failure whom you know is extremely stressed about his image and his accomplishments is just mean along with tweeting his father s mistakes politicially....he is not his father nor shown signs yet of his father s actions and if anything children learn from their father s mistakes as well as do better in life....we are all an example of how to live or not to live....don't beat up on a child whose not responsible for his father s actions...DJ Junior is responsible for his own actions NOT his father s...really disappointed....the visciousness still going on when the decision has been made for Presidency....and I ve made mean comments but beating up on the child on social media...wow that is low.
Here’s How Trump Has Silently Gutted Obama’s Legacy\nPosted By Robert Donachie On 11:30 AM 10/13/2017\n\nPresident Donald Trump has surgically dismantled Obamacare over the course of his first year in office, largely under the noses of the American public, Democrats and members of his party that have spent the last nine months trying to upend the American health care system.\n\nOver the course of his first nine months in office, he rolled back funding for a program intended to help individuals navigate the insurance marketplace, signed an executive order to allow for groups to purchase insurance across state lines and stopped federal funding for Obamacare subsidies.\n\nTaken in tandem, it appears the administration is working to overhaul the American health care system without the help of Congress, a body that has failed a handful of times to repeal and replace Obamacare during the first months of Trump’s presidency.\n\nEach of these actions has a significant impact on the viability of the current health care system.\n\nObamacare Subsidies\n\nThe Trump administration announced late Thursday evening that it will no longer fund a crucial feature of Obamacare that helps low-income Americans purchase health insurance on the Affordable Care Act state exchanges, known as cost-sharing reductions.\n\n“The bailout of insurance companies through these unlawful payments is yet another example of how the previous administration abused taxpayer dollars and skirted the law to prop up a broken system,” the White House said in a statement. “Congress needs to repeal and replace the disastrous Obamacare law and provide real relief to the American people.”\n\nUnder the leadership of former Speaker John Boehner, the House filed suit against the Obama administration in 2014, claiming it was illegally reimbursing marketplace insurers for CSRs.\n\nObamacare subsidies were instituted to help low and moderate income individuals who participate in the exchanges. To make consumers put more “skin in the game,” Obamacare effectively raised deductibles to levels that are tough for many Americans to meet without some financial support. CSRs were put in place to help compensate insurance companies for coinsurance, co-pays and deductibles that low-income consumers could not otherwise pay out on their own.\n\nBoehner, along with House leadership, felt that CSRs required an annual appropriation approved by Congress. The House argued that because Congress had never explicitly appropriated the funds for those payments, the administration’s actions were unconstitutional. After nearly two years of deliberation, Senior Judge of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia Rosemary M. Collyer concluded the House’s claim had legal standing and allowed the case move forward on May 12, 2016.\n\nOver the course of the past 16 months, the Obama and Trump administrations have kicked the court hearing back. For those that side with Republicans, a troubling result of the appeal and numerous delays is that CSRs are still funded as they were when the Obama administration first appealed. Trump’s move Thursday essentially ends the debate, unless Congress chooses to act.\n\nOne of the glaring problems with abruptly stopping CSR payments is that it will likely lead to skyrocketing premiums for Obamacare enrollees. Roughly half of the consumers who purchase health insurance through Obamacare qualify for cost-sharing reductions\n\nConsumers are already facing double-digit premiums under Obamacare, but stopping the subsidies for insurance companies means the costs that insurers are not getting covered from the government will get transferred to the consumer.\n\nWhen insurance providers signaled they would drop out of the Obamacare market altogether in 2017, one of their primary concerns was whether or not Trump would continue paying out these subsidies.\n\nThe federal government was slated to pay out around $7 billion in CSRs in 2017. Obamacare consumers saw their out-of-pocket costs lower by over $1,000 through these subsidies.\n\nCongress could still act on the 2014 lawsuit and stymie Trump’s move. If they do not, Obamacare customers are likely to see their premiums and out-of-pocket costs soar in the future.\n\nObamacare Navigator Funding\n\nThe Trump administration has argued that many of the Obamacare programs are merely a superluous use of time and resources, including the navigator program. As such, the administration announced in September that it would cut some of the navigator program’s funding by as much as 90 percent.\n\nObamacare navigators are individuals that help consumers and businesses seek and obtain health insurance plans that meet their specific needs. They also provide outreach and educational assistance surrounding the health care marketplace.\n\nOver 70% of regional programs and 55% of statewide navigators anticipate rolling back programs in rural areas because of the administration’s funding cuts, Kaiser Family Foundation reports. The overwhelming majority, or 89 percent, of navigators expect having to fire staff because of the cuts.\n\nCuts to navigators are important in that the Obamacare marketplace can be difficult to navigate, even for an experienced consumer.\n\nThe majority of navigators, despite the cuts, plan on participating in the market in 2018.\n\nExecutive Order\n\nTrump signed an executive order Thursday that charged a number of federal agencies with finding ways to expand access to health insurance plans that are outside of Obamacare regulations. The order relaxes the rules and regulations surrounding association health plans — groups of small businesses (and possibly individuals) that join together to purchase insurance. The order would also allow these groups to purchase insurance across state lines.\n\n“With these actions … We are moving toward lower costs and more options in the health care market, and taking crucial steps toward saving the American people from the nightmare of Obamacare,” the president said Thursday.\n\n“This will direct [agencies] to take action to increase competition, increase choice, and increase access to lower-cost, high-quality health-care options,” Trump added. “This will cost the United States virtually nothing, and people will have great, great health care.”\n\nFollow Robert on Twitter\nSend tips to robert@dailycallernewsfoundation.org\n\nhttp://dailycaller.com/2017/10/13/heres-how-trump-has-silently-gutted-obamas-legacy/
They really need to suspend Trump from using Twitter. He needs to worry about his country. Like God, Obama was so much better :/
And now Kimmel is on tape having young women feel around his groin area and asking them to put whatever is in there in their mouth.
fun fact: Jimmy sold his soul to satanic Hollywood, the night he succumbed to wearing a tie.
Considering how big of a story this Harvey Weinstein thing is, Jimmy Kimmel took it very easy on him on this monologue.
Amateur YouTuber starting out check out my vids!
Yet still no passionate speech about Harvey weinstein
Jimmy is killing it these days.
I love when he uses most people don't even know when it comes to common knowledge, like Lincoln being a Republican,and countless others!
what a whiner.  go home
RememberJimmy did bit and had 18 yr old girl grab and guess what's in his crotch??!! It's a famous segment he did on his show which is on YouTube. 
Hey Jimmy you hypocrite, how was that 18 year old you had feel you up on the Man Show in 2002?
Forgot Harvey Weinstein, what about you, you creep Jimmy!?\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBDYGOzViuI\n\nHey girls, feel what's in my pants, use your mouth if you want.
jimmy, I hope your kid takes its last breathe.
Jimmy 👏🏽 back was amazing!!!!! DJTJ stay in your lane.... I’m starting to believe that the stupid gene is Contagious and I guarantee it maybe “ in my DJTS voice”
Look at Jimmy getting down with all the colored people at 1:35. Lol, modern slavery at its finest.
Hi I am Donald trump. I know I am about to start WWIII with Korea but never fear WE GOT TRUMP CARE
Will this sad excuse for a comedian ever stop talking about trump? Its old. Your pandering and rhetoric doesn't work. Unfortunately for Kimmel, people with brains do still exist. Not many. But enough.
Ah the forced laughter in the crowd
remember when talk shows use to be entertaining and creative I miss those days now it's just politics...
Lol all these left wing bias media. This is actually ridiculous.
Eventually Democrats would've given pedophiles safe spaces and bathrooms. They are sneaky pieces of trash. Can't let it happen won't let it happen! The only good democrat is a... Finish it with me
I’m from the UK and I agree with Trump on this one, all I get in my recommended is late night American hosts talking about trump and how orange he is or how insane he is. Then when Jimmy shows Trump being repetitive, all that that trump says is irrelevant because Trump isn’t bringing up any points in the clips so what if he repeats “I guarantee you”?
Jimmy, I wonder how all your liberal friends would feel if they saw all those clips from the man show  you hosted in the past ???
Kimmel is pretty disgusting. Living in his glass house, should not be throwing stones.\nIn the video below, speaking to a pretty young blonde, Kimmel announces, “I’ve stuffed something in my pants, and you’re welcome to feel around on the outside of the pants. You have then ten seconds to guess what it is in my pants.”\nAs the blonde starts to grope him, Kimmel instructs, “You should use two hands.”\nThe next shot is of a brunette groping Kimmel’s crotch, as he comments, “You’ve done this before, haven’t you.”\nFollowing that, another blonde is on her knees before him, groping him, as Kimmel tells her, “Maybe it would be easier if you put your mouth on it.”\nThe next shot is of Kimmel addressing yet another pretty blonde, asking her, “How old are you?” When she answers, “Eighteen,” he asks, “You sure of that? Cause old Jimmy doesn’t need to do time.”\nBack to woman number one, fully groping him, as Kimmel quips, “You’re going to make a fine wife.”\nBack to woman number two, as Kimmel asks her, “And your guess is?”\nShe replies, “A vibrator?”\nKimmel tells her, “A vibrator?” Then he pulls out an object from his pants, announcing, “No, it is actually a zucchini with a rubber band on it. But you could use it as a vibrator with a rubber band on it. Look,” as he vibrates it in his hand.\nWATCH VIDEO HERE\nhttps://celebz.news/11365/watch-moral-compass-kimmel-has-series
Harvey Weinstein for 2020..he has all the qualification for it like the orange baboon.
so ScrewYouTube allows AdSense on fight videos - ok, got it
Honestly, I had no idea who Harvey Weinstein was before this.
And cue more trump hate. Stop it and your ratings will go up
What’s in your pants Jimmy?  You hypocrite.
I lasted 15 seconds. Which is long for me 😉
I only feel bad for donald trump jr for his name, Donald Trump, literally this explains how much ego Trump (the president) has
Still waiting for some fake tears for the black on black murders in Chicago, Harvey's victims, etc....waiting for the Hollywood hypocrite.
Hey Kimmel how come you don't ever start your'e monolog  without a Trump bashing .... why don't you start one with the sexual tyrants in your'e own Hollywood elite liberal community don't you think you should or do you have something to hide also? tabout Harvey Weinstein or the alleged allegations  about Oliver Stone WHY IS THAT?????
That I can tell you and I guarantee it are both things I say all the time... Ugh...
The only thing funny about Kimball is his Trump obsession.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZ8i6EGH4FI\nSTOP BLAMING GUNS! Howard Stern DESTROYS the gun control Argument
Dotard Jr. is gonna learn to stay in a child's place after that. Lmao
What's in your pants, Jimmy?
Jimmy Kimmel, 'the conscience of America' has teenage girls grope his croutch for a seat see his show.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnGInJ5C-qI
I think next time Jimmy bashes Trump .. let Sean Hannity take the reins .. to respond. He would mop the floor with Kimmel.
Jimmy don't worry you're anniversary of that time where you had women with big breast jump up and down on a trampoline is coming up too.
Why don't Twitter BAN Trump's account? What would he do? It could be a lot of fun😜
I think jimmy is avoiding this issue as he wants people to forget about “The Man Show”, which was a sexist as you can get. I loved that show, but I don’t go around calling people mysogynists and sexual predators while ignoring the ones I support or are friends with.
Dude, Joey from friends would make a way better president than Trump :)
Comparing what Trump said to what Weinstein did is a joke. Lets dig out some footage of your early \n2000's sitcom The Man Show which ran for 5 years where all you did was discuss women's breasts \nand bodies. I guess what you discussed for 5 years on your show makes you a rapist and sexual predator.\nSo be sure to tell your son when he grows up that you were a sexual predator before you became a crying sissy.
meanwhile the satanists molest and rape kids and kimmel is happy taking paychecks from them
I miss the late night shows being funny!
Hey Kimmel, how about you ask another 18 year old to guess what's in your pants!?\n\nDOWN WITH HOLLYWOOD MISOGYNISTIC GARBAGE
jimmy kimmel the king of SJW's. the most beta male ever walked on planet earth.
Hollywood is a cesspool. It is time to shut it down.
Jimmie Kimmel, the guy from the man show. That sexist show.
I love this guy! Never afraid to say what he stands for.
Anyone else see that video of Jimmy Kimmel sexually harassing women with his fame and influence?  Rub my crotch, I'm Jimmy Kimmel!  It's ok, I'm famous and stuff... another disgusting Hollywood hypocrite hack.
Ah Jimmy, the equivalent of cancer. Seems to like making fun of other people when he can't even control his own face, let alone his ego.
Hi! I am so gullible, i let so called celeb's do my thinking for me.\nI have no mind of my own. This is why i need show's like this, to guide me through my lack of reality.\nThe humour is really spot on, for my low IQ.
Hey, Jimmy. Didn't you once film a so-called gag by asking women to feel an object in the front side of your pants and ask them to figure out what it is?
Donald trump and his son are kidly and Jimmy Kimmel will have fun time. I am sure
At least Weinstein was busted, while Trump is President.  Go figure....
Some people like *mayonnaise.* Some people like *mustard.* Choose your *condiment.* If you're not laughing, you're not paying attention. *Stressed* spelled backwards is *desserts.*
I just love how Jimmy Kimmel makes alot of fun out of his battles with Trump.
Kinda like Kimmel objectified women on the man show. Hypocrisy
Who knew Jimmy was that much of a troll savage 😂😂
donald trump is like a good sales man
Electric cars charging for 3 hrs???🙅 The future looks frustrating.
That I can tell You!
the elephant slayer feuding with jimmy kimmel did he really think he would win that .
I wonder why they never get into a twitter fight with Putin... And then roast him on a late night show?
Hah! Junior walked himself right into it twice in a row, what a shmuck. Jimmy knocked it out of the ballpark.
jimmy Kimmel u should do another whats in my pants skit that was so funny smh...
I love Jimmy Kimmel 😍💚
Fake Comedy
Love you Jimmy
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
lmao xD
I honestly love you!
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO
👏
ayy nice rape joke get clapping audience
O
president trump xD
You don't mess with Jimmy Kimmel. LMAO.
You go Jimmy!
https://youtu.be/70tbgwPz76I
locker room talk
https://youtu.be/zsV4bqkTNJQ
Trump 2020
How come you have armed security you hypocrite?
Harvey Weinstein everybody.\nHe is just the top of the ice-berg from the stinking bubble that is Hollywood. Kimmel, go after him! why are you not after him like you constatly were Trump? ohh yeah thats right! because he is a part of your bubble!! you can't handle that! again fricking hypocrites the lot of you!
People actually watch cancerous shows like this and honestly wonder why our country is so divided...?
Obsessed with Donald Trump 😂
Okay we get it, you hate trump, can we move on to some real comedy now?
YAYY I love you and Travis so much!!♥♥ why don't you make some kind of challenge video with him? ilysm!
Wait so KJ actually broke his hand?
Can you do a draw my life or 20 facts about me video next
do a makeup tutorial for cheryl for your next video!! :)
It’s so weird to see her without red lipstick
What do you like and hate about the people you work with on Riverdale
What about make up routine or skin care?
Aren’t you in f the prom .??
When's the second season on Netflix???
Looking forward to more Riverdale related videos! 💕
Do a boyfriend tag!! You two are so cute!
Make a video with Cami and Lili !!! I love Riverdale !! 💙😱💎
Does anyone know how often do the episodes come out is it like weekly or like once a month
Did kJ seriously break his hand
Please do a video with Lili! Thank you sooo much Mads.x
ilysm mads😘😘😘😘 your so beautiful and an amazing actor, i love Cheryl so much even if she is a little crazy😂 i’m sad i don’t get to come see you in dallas. i love you and i hope i get to meet you one day❤️❤️❤️
ideas for new videos: \n1. how to get into acting in LA \n2. make -up routine\n3. some funny video with KJ/Lili/Casey \n4. 20 interesting facts about you
Who else can’t wait the episode 2?😍
I've seen so much Mads lately that is was weird to see her like Cheryl again in the first episode
WE NEED A Q AND A FOR EVERY EPISODE
WE FIGURED OUT WHAT IT WAS ON !!
i'd love some more vlogs from you!! :)
Wait? Did KJ REALLY broke his hand? Like his own hand?
Ur one of my favourite characters in riverdale ❤️
Yessss, please do more videos with the cast members! Btw I loved episode one! ( I already watched it twice lol)
When is season 2 going on Netflix
Your intro was fearless I had shiverss
you're so fun!!! I love you!!
CAN you do a video with Cole:*,Cami,Kj pleaseee
any video with a riverdale cast member pleasee
I have a question for your next Q&A.. is it hard not to spill spoilers when being asked in interviews about episodes that haven't come out yet? By the way love you so much you're such an amazing actress!😍
You resemble Holland Roden so much! Both so beautiful!
Love you from Spain! ❤
Can you react to teens react to riverdale btw I literally love you soooo much ❤️
I wanna see another Q&A but with you and KJ
Mmm how does it get cuff off just like that idk
can I be as gorgeous as you oh my gosh I feel so bad about myself right now 😂
MADELAINEEEE PLEASE DO A SKINCARE ROUTINE!!!!! I love you so much <3
U r so sexy show us your nudes
The night before the premiere I was rewatching RIVERDALE and a black kitten showed up and her tail was cut off😱and loves me which is odd because they usually like my mom and she also LOVES RIVERDALE as soon as she heard it she was quiet as a mouse and she loves Cole she started rubbing the iPad when she hears his voice \nSo in honour of RIVERDALE and named her River \nBut she likes everyone on the show but she tilts her head whenever she hears Casey
It would be so great if you did a video with Casey !!!
I'm vegan too and I would love to see a video with your favorite easy and quick vegan recipes or your favorite vegan food places! ❤️❤️❤️
I kinda wish all the episodes would be available but then I'd ruin it and watch the entire season in less than 2 days lol
Riverdale ad before this makes me happy
I love you so much😍 You're the best keep uploading those nice vids
PLEASE DO VLOGS OF YOU ON SET
Who else got the riverdale commercial before the video started? 😹😹
Please do a hair video!! Like tips for getting long hair and how you maintain it!!! You have the prettiest hair ❤️
Will Polly be in season 2
Cheryl will have some love this season?????
You should do a vid where you react scenes from riverdale
did kj really break his hand 🤔 or was that just a word mistake 😂
Please do a BF tag
I would LOVE a Q&A with Lili and you ♡♡
Honestly I'm so happy at least 1 of the Riverdale cast members started a YouTube channel 😭🙌🏼
Did u actually fall through ice
you're sweet and a natural beauty
Can u do a shopping challenge? Like someone from the cast can pick your outfits?!
Amazing first episode!! And I LOVE your videos on here!! You’re amazing, Mads!! Love you ❤️❤️❤️
I dont know if you remember this but when you went to Comic-Con you took a picture with my dads girlfriend after your panel.
my girl mads was lit off that ganja
Do a What's on my iPhone!
When will it be on Netflix?!?!?!
please do a natural make up tutorial!!! i love your make up in this (but you more❤️❤️❤️)
Season 2 episode 1....OMG I cried so hard, Madds is amazing ❤️
Omg Madeleine you are so beautiful and I love u in Riverdale and your YouTube channel ILYSM
Do a vid with lili
Wait what’s your Spotify? Can anybody tell me??
You're so sweet😘 :3 lub u river-fam <3
It still hasn't come out where I live
oooh, what about the eat it or wear it challenge??!?!?!?
You should definitely do monthly Q & A's with other cast members!!
When will it come out on netflix?
OH MY GOD I HAD A RIVERDALE COMMERCIAL
this is the first video where she has't suddenly changed her hair or clothes
uh i would die to see you and cole react to his old suite life scenes lmao
I wasn't expecting to see Grundy again but it looks like we won't ever see her on Riverdale ever again
KJ actually broke his hand...?
YAY YAY YAY YAY
Love you mads
Wait KJ actually broke his hand??????
girrl i post videos every wednesday too!! you should film a get UNready with me video &/or a skin routine :)
Just cant wait for next Wednesday😭💗
You look like a young Lana Del Rey🙂
does anybody know her spotify name account?
😍🔥
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😻😻😻😻😻😻😻so cute!!!😍😍😍😍
Bf tag 😁
So adorable 😂🤗
Your honestly so beautiful
Madelaine  ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Collar with K.J. or Cole or Casey or Lili
S2. E1. MIND BLOWN!
U SOUND SO DIFFRENT
On set prank videos!!!!
❤️❤️❤️
Nooooo please do a question by @ Addyson RiverD plllleeeeeaaaasse
YESSS MONTHLY REVIEW OF RIVERDALE WITH RIVERDALE CASTTTTTT
Qweeeen❤️❤️
She looks like Bella Thornes twin
That's such an awesome story.
Love this
This was such a lovely surprise
Great animation! Where's my vault package at tho? Still haven't gotten it😂
This animation was amazing.
Wow, what a tale :) Awesome animation!
Animation and Storytelling are both Ace. One gets the feeling that when Jack (John) really connects with someone, who has a heart as pure as his own, it's friends forever. Not many folks care to remember for a minute what you really want most let alone years. \n🎸🐧💙
This is fucking cool and I appreciate it.
who the hell dislikes this??
What a very nice little animation. I love it.
was also tws last ever performance :(
I love Conan and I love Jack and Meg
Thank you for the video :)
This was a beautiful story and video, thanks. :)
This is fucking amazing, god I wish they'd come back now more than ever. I really hope Meg is doing okay
Very cool
The 333 White Stripes!! 🐧 Thanks Coco
Cried during that show.
Things like these are what makes life worth living.
love it <3
Wow...
Pure perfection by Moth Studio
So freaking cool
This is 💯!
Brilliant! Great storytelling!
♥
Awesome sauce
CRYING
Sounds to much like Caroline, IMO. He definitely had potential to keep going for a long time though
this nigga has a diamond ring in his feet
He’s goofy and weird, I love it!!!! The music video is creative
here before it blows up🙋🏽
Anime is such a goo- I mean Aminé...
Nigga this music video is the embodiment of people getting high
Are these scenes supposed to follow the lyrics...
THE ENDING IS FIRE WHAT IS THAT
Is the song at the end actually a song or just for the video?
This video is so dope🔥 animators wya🤙🏼 check out my reaction https://youtu.be/ySRvLdo9Kj0 it’s cool if you don’t want too🤷🏼‍♂️
Cringy af but he is so creative lol
Sooo is he not talking about 🍌🍌 pussy
Animé is a one hit wonder\n\nOk.
Now that's some next level foot fungus. You should get that checked.
This video is so visually satisfying
he got dat odd future style a little bit
good to you was amazing. Underrated af
*I added to much spice to my chicken and it came out with this* 🔥
When the sauce is to saucy 1:39
Let's hit the I-5...never thought I would hear that in a rap song.
ok but who tf getting paid to clean all that shit up 2:12
i was just thinking the only thing that would make this better would be if a spice girl was in it and mel b appears on the screen... iconic
If I get 100 subscribers,my dad said he will quit. I'm not kidding! You will save a live if you subscribe.
I just peeped the naked girl got his face 😂😂
I adore this guy so much.
the intro started and nigga i thought it was joanne the scammer
love his music videos
Ah, yeah-yeah\nAh, woah\nAh, woah\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a...\n\nSpice Girl, freaky lil mama\nSaid she on a diet so she only eat bananas\nAlways in your prime, other women don't align\nAnd when I'm off work then you know it's bed time\nSo let's go (hey), let's hit the I-5\nGet away from B.S., don't waste no down time (hey)\nI don't ever like 'em boujee, that's the type that wanna sue me\nAnd when we get together, hit it like fever forever\n\nI wanna know, is this real or fake?\nDo I have a chance or am I pavin' ways?\nI'm tryna find a reason not to say your name\nLike you, there's no look-a-like\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a...\n\nBritish girl (hey), got a show in London\nWon't you come around? Put you on the list, it's nothin'\nSay you gotta work 'cause you're studyin' for Masters\nYeah, these women fine but only on the camera (ooh)\nThey deceivin', super thievin'\nThey fitness come and go like when they weave in\nI never listen to the schemin' type\nI want the Sporty, Scary, Ginger spice\n\nI wanna know, is this real or fake?\nDo I have a chance or am I pavin' ways?\nI'm tryna find a reason not to say your name\nLike you, there's no look-a-like\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a...\n\nMy girl's a Spice Girl\nHer world is my world\nAnd most of all she's fine to me\nAnd aligned with the infatuation I feel\nI need a Spice Girl
Amine gonna be on the movie screen soon. \nRight now he's just showing his skills and great visionary prowess
I was on board until I saw the face on the foot
This is better then Caroline....
First second I was hooked. Lmao Amine got me fucked UP
he look like falen from bgc9
Why did they have to green screen literally everything? They could've easily shot the cop chase on the bike IRL and it would've looked 1000x better
He need a spice girl🔥🔥
Each one of amine's video is just a brand new adventure
Where all the spice girls at tho? 👀
That cutie is his brother??????
I hope he doesnt make a music video on stfu
shut the fuck up
Oh shit, it’s Issa Rae AND Mel B. Boy got connects
spice is n i c e🌶👌
The fact that Mel B is actually in this damnn I died
ISSA! SCARY! Lmao. Love the colors in this video too. Cool concept lol
Out of all the rappers, Amine actually uses bright colors and isnt emo
I am highly confused, but not disappointed. I will go further down this rabbit hole of Amine. But can someone tell where should I start in regard with videos I feel like there is maybe a connecting story that I do not know.
There is way better when you're high
I thought he was a one hit wonder but this song just proved me and millions of other people wrong.💯
This song makes me surching for a spice girl
Damn I didn't realize how fucking ugly this guy is 😂 nigga got the face of an oompaloompa
Umm....Amine I want a sweet girl..
this man has his priorities straight.
I dont want a spice girl, i want a salty girl....
I want the last part on repeat
Cool!
The end credits🙌
Love his creative videos
Garbage
Nigga u a fell off
Baeee ❤😍😭
Wow🙏🏿🔥🌈
You look like Kaz kann
Tyler the Creator influence?
that flute omggggg
That end song 🔥
OH THE PAPERCUTS...I CANT
Lit
visual kinda like Tamale by Tyler creator
this shit mad hotttt
You got Issa Rae too! Nice.
Aleluya ❤️
me 3 days late😒
Favorite new artist, banger after banger! ;)
I love this
okay tyler
Swear he's so weird😂😂
Beat drop tho 🔥
this nigga highkey gay.
This nigga doing everything Tyler did 4 yrs ago
He always high
😍🎵
Iiiiissssaaaaaaaaaa
Lit 👀
Y E A H
woke
This nigga garbage
I love Animé
Mel b
Amine never ceases to amaze me. Dude’s a fuckin artist!
*Spice Girl*
wow you're amazinggg
One hit wonder
Issa at 1:34!
That flute 🔥🔥🎶⛓
Eyes always 40% open lmao
Igh anime
ISSA!!!!!
Them toes though
Issa Rae 😍😍😍
Holy fuck amine again
Hello, tonight I'd like to test some of our favorite and as well as some new sounds that can be triggering for you while testing my new mic set. I do need to work on some settings and get pop-filters still but overall I think these are pretty good :D What do you think? \n0-02:10 - intro and voice test\n02:19 - rolling crinkles sound\n05:55 - comb in the plastic ♥ \n09:47 - brushing of the mics\n13:27 - purple beads waterfall\n15:53 - crinkly sticky sounds\n17:47 - bumpy clicky sounds\n18:30 - shell beads high pitch clicky sounds ♥ \n19:41 - fast tapping on a smooth foam sheet ^_^ mmmm\n20:41 - light slime squishing and tapping \n21:36 - whisper test and goodbyes :) \nThank you, I hope you enjoyed it! ♥
Beautiful, angelic face? You must be brushing a mirror
This is random but I love your necklace and shirt combination here! Where did you get that shirt?
U can tell she got that good top 😋
Fell asleep to this last night... thank you!!! Slept through the whole night
Her blonde hair is so bright that when it goes off camera the lighting increases significantly.
I think her dealer dropped a bonus in for free.
You look radiant in this video. Sounds were very good as well. Thank you so much. I hope you and your husband are doing well. :)
If there's someone who deserves a million subs, it's Maria
Good to know you buy the real stuff, not the overpriced 3Dio garbage
Those mics were sent from heaven!!!
i got the 900 000 view
I got WAAAY better tingles from this than from any other ASMR video. Before, I was only receiving tingles in the forehead and occasionally, other parts of the body. NOW, I HAVE EXPERIENCED TRUE ASMR! MY TINGLES START IN THE FOREHEAD THEN TRAVEL DOWN MY BACK, COLECTING JUST ABOVE MY BUTTOCKS.
You and some other popular ASMR artists should start a ASMR clinic.
You look like the actress who plays Clarke in The 100!!
How does she manage to get prettier every video
Jesus Christ I'm wearing headphones whyyyyyyyyyyy!!! Make it stop!!! It hurts 😅 I'm leaving \nMc out!
You look beautiful, I like your fall style!
I get tingles on asmr videos with pretty girls. Let’s just say I got some MAJOR tingles on this video.
Oooo I love it! You should do a semi long video of you just brushing the mics or of you tapping on your wooden brushes, that relaxes me so fast and before I know it, I'm asleep. Btw you and Emma are my all time favorite ASMRtists EVER!!!! I LOVE YOU!!!!
Omg I just got the biggest tingles I've ever experienced 😱
You have become even more beautiful as time has passed.
you got even more pretty over the years
make a longer video please! i absolutely love the 3 last ones
You are sooo pretty I wish I was half as pretty as you!!!
Maria can you please do a whole video of the neck smells and whispers please!!
Waterfall beads got to me, One second I was watching then the next I woke up the next morning
I love when you do videos like these. Whispers behind the ear, close up. It's so relaxing! ❤️❤️
Drink me to relax in the hospital
the sounds were nice but too quiet/weak for me. so maybe next time the old mikes? or - I'm no expert - turn up the volume in the mikes more?
The purple foam sheet gave me so many tingles! It's been a while since I've had tingles like this. Thank you! You are amazing!
Hey, i love your top where'd you get it? 😊😊
9:44 pause quickly and laugh your butt off
Are you gonna make an Halloween roleplay asmr video this year?
The new mics are so COOL it actually feels like you behind me ❤️
2:35 Omomomomomomo\n\nI'm sorry, I had to.
So good. More and more professional every time. :) Thank you, Maria.
THE PINK COMB IS BACK BABY,
I haven't felt this many ASMR tingles in a long time! Thank you for this Maria, it was absolutely amazing (as always) :D
Less than a minute and a half in and she says what do you think AND I HEAR CRISTINE  (SIMPLY NAILOGICAL) IN MY HEAD
oh my goodness the waterfall beads sound so nice , very calming like rain!! I'm so glad I came across your videos!
The foam sheet and comb are amazing :)
Maria, pleeeeeeeease do a witch's potion shop role play! Perty please!
What model are those new microphones? My 3dio is having issues :/
Wake up one day end of days zombie Apocalypse has begun. Man I sure hope Maria's pink comb in a bag survived.
Blowing on the back of the mics made me tingle and I never get ASMR through videos. Pleaaase do it in another video 😇
I really like this microphone setup.
Had a horrible night, husband beat me so this is really calming me
You’re such a beautiful person inside and out!!!
How many years has it been since we first saw that pink comb????? I love it so much and I think we will all start crying if it disappears or breaks or something
Did  she say these are my sen highzer im gay for ?? 😂
how many times i wished youd make a bead video again! i remember how awesome sounds it made back in your old video with echoing voice and was rather short! at least seeing this here, theres still hope.youll make more of it!
It was so strange to listen with switched headphones.
Oh my gosh, the pink comb. Yes. Every video this amazing prop is in I request a full video of it. Why break tradition. Please Maria can you make a whole video with the pink comb as the main event? Pleeeeeeeeeease!
You are very beautiful Maria.
Comb in the plastic is my favorite❤️❤️❤️❤️
My grandmother was from Russia . Government ruins everything when us every day people get along and don't care  no matter where we're from . Your the best . You are very artistic . 😂😁
you're the queen of gentle tingles ^_^ my favorite ones
I think the Pink Comb makes good sounds!!!
Home girl looking like pin head Larry with that choker 💀💀💀
She’s making such bank from this YouTube channel! SUBLIME CONTENT.
This was amazing...and I used sennheiser headphones to match your new mics
You look happy and that ´s one of things what makes you beautiful in this video :)
...Way hotter than I thought this would be. Not even talking about her looks, which are obviously good too.
Really like the new mics! Thank you!
So intense then i dont find the exact words to say again thank you for this magnificient relaxing video Maria x) ^^
you look so lovely! you are glowing, maria. <3
the pumpkin (?) and the pink thingie ???? were my favs, the tapping and the scratching were so soft! sadly not long enough to put me to sleep, but it definitely shows what those mics are capable of 💕
@Gentle Whispering ASMR - Your videos look great in 720p60 HD. I clicked on this video and thought. Wait a minute.. something is different. I noticed the quality has been upgraded. :)  Lovely video as always.
You are so so so gorgeous and your makeup is fantastic here! Honestly I love your whole look. This is one of your best videos ever, I'm entranced! Thank you for always putting out unique and quality content!
I haven't been able to feel tingles for awhile now, but boy oh boy that pink comb sure brought them back! 😍
Your videos are amazing! \n\nI am starting my own ASMR channel, and I wanted to know if you had any advise for someone practically new at the ASMR world. Please and thank you for your hard work and dedication!
Could you please do another Cray Cray video for Halloween? The video was so great and is still one of my favorites. Thank you for another relaxing video!
Can't wait for a fully soft spoken/whispering video with the new mic so calming <3
Can you do a more ear to ear whisper video with these microphones please because that would be awesome like if you agree
I'm sad I can't hit the like button more than once
Too too good! Loving the new mics!!!
*turns up volume*\n\nAd; Picking your deodorant is just like picking your best friend! \n\n*dies*
OH MY GOODNESS THAT PINK COMB WAS AMAZING😩
You look stunning in this video x
More slime !!!!
So terrible sound
Do one only whispering PLEASE ❤️❤️❤️
giiiirl I want that sweater..
smile
That pink comb tho huh all time fave 🙂
Wtf is this
Sub to me 😜
these sound really really clear
9:43 hahaha aww
You look like Elie Goulding!!! 😍
Love it!
Hey guys subscribe to me❤️❤️❤️
that face 🤦‍♀️
Wow, you look like Tilde form Kingsman!
you're beautiful
This made my ears cum!
Yes; Whisper is back. \nFantastic
Good choice going with Sennheiser.
Oml the cringe
Liked the video before seeing it
Wow, incredibly beautiful, incredibly talented, basically created a new type of music unheard previously. Great dancer as well. Truly a magnificent human being.
Lindsey Stirling always blows me away with her music..she knows how to hit your soul.
I totally thought she was gonna have pitch black eyes in the beginning.
I HAVE BEEN DREAMING FOR A MUSIC VIDEO FOR THIS SONG!!!!!!! AAAAAAHHHHHH IM SO HAPPY 😍😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️
the music is great the and the video is unusual  which makes it awsome and kinda weird
Top 5 Youngest Billionaires In the world 2017\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUObMC1-Hcw&feature=youtu.be
PLOT TWIST: It's actually left hand pizz.
I want to play like her one day but that  is not going to happen because She is soooo amazing 😂
THIS IS SO COOL! The concept is so perfect. It goes along with your music 😍😭👍\nI really want to see behind the scene of this video. The concept, wardrobe, make up, everthing is so PERFECT (as always).
She is  amazing! Dancing and playing at the same time that it really 😎
When will this be on spotify?!
love this song on the album one of my favorites and the video rocks out two keep it up.
Wow. A new favorite! That was invigorating! I love the music and dance.
Yep! Finally a little Arabian music! (,:
Amazing sound, Beautiful! Like From Brasil...
Loved this so much!!! Great job, Lindsey!!
Haven't seen Nero in a while 😉
it looks like she goes from harem girl or saudi princess to a devil's pact to golden goddess. .GORGEOUS
Yo i love every single video you put up with my whole heart but MIRAGE TAKES. THE. CAKE. WHOA
Amazing video I love the Bollywood touch in this video keep going Lindsey!!
My favorite one from the album AMAZING!!!!! Wowwww
S L A Y
lindsey your qmazing I'm a six grader this year and I'm playing viola
I can only IMAGINE how fun this video was to make
I need a song for Mexico!
do dont let this feeling fade next!!
I love how the music works with the music video😍😍😍
Absolutely stunning video, gorgeous choreography, and an awesome rhythm... I really wish Raja Kumari had been featured in the video though! =( Hope to see the two of you perform together in an acoustic rendition (or something along those lines)!
At first, I didn't like this song for some random reason (I'm horrible, I know), but listening to it again just a few hours later, I have never been more wrong in my entire life. The music video is awesome, and your work with Raja made an amazing song! Been listening since your AGT days, and you only get better and better! You go Lindsey!!!
That bellydancing violin play is next-level! I want Lindsey's second outfit! Mirage is one of my favorite tracks from this album!
What type of dancing is this called?
That intro makes me think of Phantom of the Opera.
Oh man, Lindsey, your attire throughout the entire video is amazing. Kudos <3
wow nice song with a indi-hit
Is she usually that thin? It's sort of making me worry
You can even see from earlier videos and then watching this one on how talented Lindsey Stirling is, and that she is improving more and more with each and every video.
I love this song
I love the music the sound is really good
The first 30 seconds are hauntingly beautiful.
Just my opinion but i dont think that hair at end of vid suits her at all,it looks like she has a wig.
My favorite on the album ❤
Lindsey, you are my idol! I loved you when I cut my hair like your fun pixie look five years ago, to your book, and I still love you now! Keep rocking it!
My breath...  what a piece. I love it 😍 hope you're doing okay though Lindsay❤️❤️❤️
Never realized how beautiful floating fabric looked in reverse.
Bomb video as always! Can’t wait to see and hear the Christmas album!
cool video but your skinny appearance gave me chills. I don't think that this is healthy anymore. sorry.
Ya don't vote for them because they're good, just vote for them because they want to remain in the show. Hahahaha women 🤦‍♂️
I love your gold hair and of course the music!
please take care of yourself don't forget to eat and drink lots of water much love 👏👏👏😍
I wanna see a video for Phoenix!
4/5 the only reason it isn't 5/5 id because this type of song isn't my style but its preformed so perfectly that I still like it.
You are so beautiful and a good player
What is this? XD
Absolutely love this!  You're brilliant!
What!! How  do you play so amazing 👌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍❤❤❤❤❤❤💖💓
You look like anna from frozen
mirage is such a cliche name for these types of arabic influenced songs :/
Do you use a shoulder rest with your violin?🎻
She's amazing wow .. I love how she manages to dance while playing
YES! SHE IS ON DANCING WITH THE STARS!!!!!! \nI WILL LOVE LINDSEY STIRLING NO MATTER WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n<3<3<3<3
I forgot master of tidies, spontaneous me, dragon age, minimal beat, transcendence, Phantom of the opera, take flight, a beauty and a beast, take flight and child of light.\nYou've changed my life 💜💜💜💜💜💜
I can't wait for the Phoenix
Prism...yet mysterious
ЭТО ОЧЕНЬ КРУТО! СТАВЬ ЛАЙК ЕСЛИ С РОССИИ!!!
Ну, короче снова ничего нового в хореографии. Всё те же виляния тазом, что и на первых видео на улице на фоне стены. Хотя, да, что можно ещё придумать, когда руки заняты? Сесть на шпагат и встать с него? Хмм... Да не... Лучше дальше клепать одно и тоже со сравнительно однообразной и незапоминающейся музыкой. Обёртку только менять.
That indian 90s rangeela vibe is so dope😍💜
She is crazy😉💕
Fajne
love it
Demasiado bueno.
Oh my!💓💓
Hermosa
YAAAAASSSS LINDSEY, *YAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSS* !!!!
1.2 million views already wow
You're aways amazing.... Love U
Wow!!!,  beautiful, talented and hot
❤❤❤❤❤
DIOS TE AMO¡!
Hay quá!
Wao! 😮❤
RUSH B MY FRIEND
THIS MUSIC IS AWESOME
Astounding, as always!
@Lindsey Stirling PERFECT Lindsey good job very good
❤️😍
So amazing
Nice video.
This calms my anxiety
Love it 😁
Marvelous, as Always!
Bellisimo :3Saludos desde Mexico cdmx
Pure! Serene! and Marvelous!
So diverse. Much ethnic. Wow.
Enough said
😘😘😘😱😱
woow.. eres magnifica, por ti me apasione con el violin y compre el mio... soy tu mas grande admiradora, dios y algun dia me lo permita conocerte es mi mayor sueño y aprender a tocar el violin.. sigue triunfando y robando los carazones de las personas asi como me lo robaste a mi con tu melodia.
Cuando veniste a Guadalajara y escuche esta canción I couldnt believe it was just like no mames 😍😍😍
man kann richtig sehen wie dir das Tanze und Violine spielen spass und freude macht. 👍\n\nSo macht das zuschauen nochmal so viel spass.\n\nSuper Video☺️👍
Heisses Outfit , dass der Sound gut ist, ist ja schon bald selbstverständlich.
Why are mans hating on the dudes looks, jeez
Man looks like he got LefffOuttOffBhaddAnBoooJeee!
I used to think man eats bare greasy food and don't get fat but its caught up with him now... Manz been eating welllllll!!
PLEASE SOMEONE TELL ME THE BEAT. BEAT IS ON FIRE. OR THE SONG FOR IT
Don’t believe in ur barber it’s a dead ting
Do they do diet fried chicken because he needs it...
Go to the Congo
Where's the school uniform and one glove look? I prefer it when you look like a clown. And when are you going to do something other than going to chicken and chip shops. If my son ate at chicken and chip shops like they were Michelin star joints I'd disown him.
Y he got 1 glove on like he's Michael Jackson 😂😂😂
The diabetes is real.
Fuckin'ell u got fat....far i mean.all the way from London to Morocco
My man cashed out on the chicken ting 😂😂😂
Mirinda in a can is dead, the mirinda in a bottle with Arabic writing is piff.
When’s man coming out with that Leicester video? I know about that blud...
bro go to new York crispy fried chicken in MCR  its peng their fam
sllliimmmeeee...man eatin good init it...........grwan rude youth.......bigg ups
Make a gym channel instead.
BARE WASTEMAN IN COMMENTS
Man looking local, colourful & (cayenne)dashing
what camera do you use to shoot a video? say please
Love it  🐔connisuier
CHICKEN CONNOSIER CAME TO MY SCHOOL BUT I AINT SAYING IT GLADESMORE
Chicken Connoisseur will you ever do a pengest munch in Leicester?
Best wings ever: SHARK CLUB NEWCASTLE. Trust
Go to Roosters in Lewsey Farm (Luton)
He needs to stop munching on those chips
How is this guy relevant
There was a news article for this video. CHICKEN CONNOISSEUR RETURNS! YESSSSSSS!
he looks like a african mother at 0:56
Swear down mans been waiting on this one for a year
nah that egging video is deep, you lot are boying it man.
Strange. I thought this channel had 1mil already.
Damn you have gained a lot of weight
mans been eating too much chicken , during his time off.
When is this guy gonna get a trim
You’re dying out, make that bit money you can pay for tuition fee, Little bitch
Is it me or is he gaining weight
I'm not feeling that lv jacket bro won't lie
Black History Month but you go Morocco. Ok then lol
I'm guessing u filmed a few seasons worth of episodes cos u getting big lol
How old are you?
Do they really talk in this silly way or are they just takin' the piss out of those who do?
Yes my man's back
He's gone more fat
Do a review on the nearest barbers fam \n\nI mean....Bludclart
Loved the video, glad the Chicken Connoisseur is back! Well worth the wait🍗
Yes it finnaly returns
NETSTALKERS
Your fingers looks like  sausages
tiz ya boiz auntie skyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
subscribe from Russia ! :)
Chav eats chicken
🔥🔥🔥\nSeason 2
Dillian Whytes son
Nort Afrikaana food fam...stepped up from that British fishy chippy
❤️
14th trending in UK
Dead
Yo do krunchys in Manchester in wilsmslow road
Dis guy going through puberty backwards
Great vid plz do more like deez vids plus teleportation ting 😂😂
Repping North African done know subscribed
So lame
Nice
*these bois are evolving youtube!*
Jheez on trending
MOROCCOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!! 😭😭😭😭
#10 on trending
AW HELL YEH MANDEM, THE LITTIEST CHICKEN MUNCHING GEEZER TO EVAH WALK DIS CASH EARTH, LOVE YA FAM, KEEP REVIEWING CHICKEN IN THE MOST PENG WAY POSSIBLE ;)
Man got the manboob ya get me
Bet he had the shits badly after this.
My man takes months off and comes back looking like Oprah Winfrey
I'm not a hater at all but my man really does need a trim lol. It's mad having a sick job but donny's in need of a diet now. I saw a comment down below saying he's looking like Big Narstie now. This shit ain't healthy brudda.
Looking like a Nigerian Supply teacher 👩🏽‍🏫
these moroccans must be thinking what is a 12 year old doing here on his own
Looks like he’s gained a few pounds
i thought you died
Why dis trending tho btw we see this youth in 3years time still doing food reviews but imagine him 10x fatter than he is 😂
You've got to be so self conscious to delete fat comment😂
This blokes gonna be massive one day
You need to go to the gym man, you getting big lmao
Not gonna lie but this ain't what man notified you for. Fix up
What the fuck are those shoes
30yo man stuck in a 14yo body.
Is this a girl or a guy? Serious question
I hope he goes medical check up. Eating chicken and chips round the country.
He's got chicken breasts.
Mans put on weight! Need to balance that wing and gym balance
My mans been eating a bit too much chicken
Where's your suit at
Tried too hard on thus episode tbh. The words, the effects, losing the original appeal
You should stop spending your money on chicken and chips, and go get a gym membership
Nigga please!
Looking a bit chubby still
Hes getting fat
Why is this shit trending
mans getting chubby
My mans got big big
Mans getting a bit chubby.
Teleportation ting, mans here now 😂😂😂
Give us some more laughs...being funny...love some smiles.
What you said was holo was NOT holo smfh
Ok I love this n all, but is it weird that I like you and Desi's hands? Like weirdest comment ever js tho🤣🤣 like the hands have posture haha
i don't get the dots on you forehead?
Can you do a fortune teller Halloween look
What other holosexuals got trigger when she said holo when there’s no holo on her look?
I'd like to skull fuck this girl.
I thought to myself I can do this, lets check the video out.  After watching a bit,  I would definitely never ever be able to do this. Very cool!
You look like Kim Kardashian in the thumbnail.
I love it, but I really love the eyes. I'm going to wear the eyes as an everyday look lol
You should have done your neck as well! 😊
How is this video advertiser friendly? I thought your immense beauty would trigger some kind of a red flag.💕
How do you look look gorgeous with every hair colour 💁🏻❤️
E n te R
this sucks sorry
😱😨👌✌️👏
horrible
Youre on trending!!
Not holographiiic
Yassss queen
Awesome!
Yasssss! Bomb!
Love the colors!
#30 on trending 🙌🏻 you go girl ❤️
Sooo pretty 😻😻
easy????? LOL
Snow bunny 😳🐇🍆💦\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJust playing
I lovee😍
Mmmmmm. I’d love to nibble your rosebud
Now u look like a skeleton hoe, gj.
Living, breathing, dying for this look yassss
Damn Katy this look is everything love it alot❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Any small YouTubers wanna support each other 💕💕let me know 👇🏼👇🏼
lol that intro beat chrisspy's intro real quick (lol chrisspy still love u boo)
Katy!! You're the cutest!! I absolutely love this look 💀
You're the spookiest pineapple in the pumpkin patch 😂🎃🍍
Loved this show I much !❤️ made it look soo simple
Looks like those shadows blend amazing
Loved it Katy 😉😙
I LOVE YOU 😭😭😭
QUEEEEEEEEEN
GOD BLESS
You had some real kabroncentation goin on w that kabrow gurl, no shade just sayin 👀
cuteeee 🌈 i wish you made this more detailed tho 😞but i guess you wanted this for your beginner viewers, excited for your other looks  🤙🏻
Currently in the ER slowly dying, I want my skeleton to look like this so I had to watch 🤷🏻‍♀️😂
This looks very similar to Sylvia gani's glitter glam skull just with little to no glitter in this video
i love it! i would love it more if your base is black or white.
You look like Kim Kardashian in the thumbnail.
I love your Halloween looks keep them coming.👌🏼👌🏼😘
i love your blonde hair!!! but i love you with brown hair too. I just love you. youre so gorgeous
This is how you do a pretty skull look for Halloween without appropriating another culture.  Love it!
So dope K A T Y 💜💕
Girrrrrrl how is this even easy, it would take me a thousand hours and would come nowhere near as good as yours lol.
I thaught it was desi’s video until i heard your voice hahaha
you look like Kim K with the wig on.
Am I the only one that think she looks like Kim kardashian???
Dam! I feel so inspired now! Thanks Katy!
Love it purple is my fav!! 💜
Can't wait to recreate this 😘😘😘
I think this look would have looked a bit better if the contour section were a bit more anatomically correct.  You put too much of the pink on your cheecks when it should have been lighter in the front and darker(more pink) towards the hollows. Overall you did a great job Katy. Practice makes perfect.
I love the eye makeup so fucking much
Barbie 💕💜💕💀 I love this
GIRL!!...IF YOU DONT BRING BACK THE MALFOY HAIR!!!😤
My favorite.
I love blonde @katy
😍😍
No bloopers?
love this!!
Yello
wow...this is cute and scary
Where are the blooper Katy? WHERE ARE THE BLOOPERS
loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
See this is why I love your videos. You get straight to the point!
It's hilarious that putting a skull and brow lines on your face makes you look exactly like KIM K
Girrrrrl what are you doing to us with that wig. I loved this look!! Also I just wanted you to know that every morning I look forward to your pup snaps
What? No bloopers? What is life without bloopers at the end of a katy tutorial?
I miss your blondness!!! Lol and where were the bloopers?!
You look like Kim Kardashian in that wig 😍🍑
You look like Kim k in the photo. But prettier lol
Okay see I love platinum katy but I’m obsesseddd with your chocolate brown hair it’s so subtle chic I’m contemplating that color now 🤔😍
You brought me back to platinum katy😩 I miss it!
OoOoo i love this!! So easy but cool 😍💕
As soon as you said glitter highlight sparkles... I thought Lady Glitter Sparkles from Trolls. 😭
Not for me but creative concept
You make this look so easy! I'd be a purple blob mess of I tried this 🙊
damn even with just the shape tape i was like why is she hella frowning at me?? yessss katy give us all the halloween L👀👀👀KS
You have some severe talent!
I thought my phone froze at the beginning lol! Love it katy!! 💕💕
Yaas for Halloween tuts!
hearing her say savage without the accent sounds so weird
Omg loved this !!
I can fuck with this. Goood job boo❤❤💓
Don’t forget to have some background music!
I die for this look😍 I love that you incorporated a skull but with purple and glitter🙌🏻 I really appreciate that it's something doable but changed up compared to your normal skulls with the black and white colors. That's usually what pushes me away from the skulls, is wanting to have something with more color but also doable and using products I may already have. Much appreciated @katy💜💜💜
Hey guys! I was wondering if anyone wanted to be youtube friends 💞 I love this community & want to get to know more people - I’ll subscribe to anyone who subs me 🤗🤗
Anyone hear Jon beginning of cut scenes? lol
How does one get as pretty as Katy? Also awesome job on the look! Super cute!
I love you Katy! Such a cute look
beautiful :)
Love it☺️
*Camila's crew seem like such fun people and I'm so glad she is having such a fun time on tour. She is such a talented and* *amazing artist and I can't wait for her album. We covered her new song Havana on my channel, hope you will watch it.*
I love how the vids are SHORT AND EXCITING!!! 😍😍
this bitch really never fails to inspire me so much. first, to just reach for your dreams no matter what happens; that it is scary but you just have to do it scared. now, to never forget to live because one day you'll look back at life and it's not the riches, fame, your occupation or your degree that will matter but the memories & relationships you created. im emo. i love her. 😭
I miss her relationship with the girls of fifth harmony
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH 💜 🙈 , PERU PRESENTE Y APOYANDOTE 🌹 🙆❤❤
I AM SO PROUD OF MY GIRL. IM LITERALLY CRYING RIGHT NOW LMAO. I LOVE YOU CAMILA
Sofia is starting to look like Camila 😭😭 I’m prying so much
she seems to be so happy on this new era. I love it
0:37 that was crazy im so sexy what the hell lmaoo (ik she didnt say that but it looks like she did)
That girl Ashley is so in love with her.
Eu te amo mais que deveria...
CAMREN\nCAMREN \nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nSABE QUANTAS VEZES VOU FALAR ISSO? ATÉ VC ENTENDER QUE O AMOR DE VCS DUAS NUNCA VAI ACABAR UM DIA VCS VAO NAMORAR EU TENHO FÉ \nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN\nCAMREN
Please read this comment! The state of California has essentially legalized INTENTIONALLY infecting others with HIV via SB 239. I have created a White House Petition to call on congress to publically address SB 239 and call for its repeal! I have FaceBook group called Repeal Sb-239. If you could talk about SB-239 and address this issue and call for people to sign the petition it would be a great help. I am paying to promote a vid on my channel that talks about this because it sets a dangerous precedence! Please help! I need 100,000 signatures within 30 days. We could do something good!
The Best feeling in the world is see you happy babe i Love u
i just love you
her and her team are so close and i love that. i love her so fucking much i swear-
I click faster than my heartbeat when i see your video CAMILA WE LOVE YOU THANK GOD THEY GAVE US A PEOPLE LIKE YOU 😂😍
I was there for that concert!!! She rocked the UC!!!
I felt like in a Grey's Anatomy episode lol
I would like movie about Camila!
I love you Camz you make my life so worth living and girl I can't wait for the Havana video
i Need like at least 18315668713625868148634547164855553546761482484 Part\n*Rihanna's voice* COZ I CAN'T GET ENOUGH
I love the fact that she has such a strong bond to her family
She is look like teenager
I want a movie!!
i want to be bestfriends with camzz huhuhuhu
why i feel so sad watching this i don't have friends
I clicked cause the hoes in the thumbnail are sexy af... Oops...
why are these so short 😩
There is absolutely no reason this should be on trending. Oh wait\n\n\n\nTrending is rigged
I love how she embraces the fact that her friends are different and amazing no matter their Color Subscribe to our channel we welcome Everyone no matter who you are:-)
I was just complaining to my friend yesterday on where the hell is Camila's episode 2. When I saw my notification today let's just say it shut me up real fast 😂
I met her 4 times in a span of 3 days and she's honestly sooooooo sweet and she's such a puppy in real life. 😭❤
Baby, I covered Havana. Hope you see this one! ❤️
I've been waiting finally yes I'm so excited I love you camila
I love her so much wow
I was tearing up from start to finish coz I'm so proud of her and everything she's achieved after all the pain she's been through. I love you so much, my princess Camz ❤️
I love how she talks about her tour family. ❤️
She's so cute
I love her so much <3
I forgot about this. 😒 takes too damn long and it's damn short.
AYYYYYY THIS IS TRENDIN I LOVE THIS PLUS IM IN LOVE WITH CAMZ I REALLY DO but i mean she doesnt know me ...hehehe (ouch)
im glad she’s surrounded by good people who truly loves her 😭
I NEED THESE DOCUMENTARIES TO BE 10 MINUTES LONG
Who else is watching this with all the drama going on?
Wasn't Ashley with Fifth Harmony ?
It ended before I start crying, they're so cuteee I can't
HAY DIOOOOOOOOOOOSS....... LOVEYOU!!!!!!!
i love you camilla⚘⚘⚘
Love love love  ...........
Minha meio brasileira 😍😍😍😍😍😍 *Amo*   ❤❤❤❤
🌹
EU TE AMO TANTO
💞💘💝💟💜😍
YASSS LOVE YOU GREAT INSPIRATION <333 💜💛
Wish these were longer
I love you Camila ❤️
I miss Caminah honestly.. 😢
i love you camila bebe ❤❤
You are inspiration camz😍
Trending!!!
Natural beauty queen.
Rainha 💙
i love you Camz!
Te amo
fav artist
Shippo muito Justin e Camila
I love you, Camila! 💓
😍
Camila Culobello te amamos
YYAAAAAASSSSS
Omg this video trending!💗💗❤️
Muy agradecida
Camilaaaaaaaaaaaa baby 💖
Queen 👑❤
I LOVE YOU! 😍
My beautiful baby ;-;
#WeLoveYouCamila 💞💞💞💞
Wazza Camilizers
Living for this💓💓💓💓💓
😍🌹✌
La amooooo tanto
I LOVE YOU CAMILA
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
So cute 😍
❤️
Bitch
Mi amor.!
Amo demais essa mulher ❤️❤️❤️
Love you Camila! You Go Girl!! 😍😍
Own ❤
Luv her❤️❤️
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY TOSHTOSHH
Love u Camila!You're AWESOME❤
EU TE AMO
ASHLEE* BUT YALL STILL POPPIN
Havana music video
Merece todo o amor do mundo!! 😍
Me encanta. Estos vídeos en los que vemos más de Camila, más que la chica en el escenario. Yo realmente amo a esta tipa
that chick had THE WORST golf swing i've ever seen in my life.
The whole time I watched this I was just laughing and thinking “I knew Eva was about that life
Omg caspar i just saw a türkish youtuber she met you i want to met you too 😂
Yeess Eva is actually how I found you (and Joe and Zoella and Alfie and more)
3:54 it’s 7 million people to be exact 😂😂
Why does she look so ugly on this video wtf, what has she done with her makeup and eyebrows.
Is Caspar still with maddie?!
Who saw caspar at the big gig woooh???
He's dream was about saffron 😂 blonde and a British YouTuber
Is the youtuber Caspar had a dream about sophdoesnails?
I'm like a silent assassin *cringe*
It's not Caspar's video without Silent night 😂
You should do this with joe!
I think she said blindfolded hard something in the third question 😂😂
i need a part two hahahahahahhahaha
OMG FOR THE FIRST QUESTION HE WAS DESCRIBING SAFFRON BARKER!
Am I the only who's still waiting for the second verse
😂😂
Im 12...
I'm sorry mommy Eva!
Holy shit Adam is hot
I love them
Does he know how to fake tan cuz its ovbious on his hands
Where is the second verse
This girl is an absolute hoe
Am I the only one who gets annoyed that Eva pulls her hair behind both of her ears that makes them bend and that her weave makes her hair look like an egg
Caspar is too young for this...
I don't think I'll be able to look at Ava the same 😳...lol jk
Is he talking about zoella?
eva shuold be like one of those girls who are hot or not cause shes kinda hot and sometimes not xD
Eva is so trying too hard
Was he talking about saffron baker?
We're the dares
Spin the shaniqua 😂
When you think Eva is innocent 😂😂😂
Hey please watch the first video i posted and subscribe. I'll subscribe back. Thank you. 😊
When is the second verse?
This is sexism and abuse of power. You should apologise to the minority of people who are insane.
where tHe FUCK is a collab with my b dobrik
Tbh I did not expect this😂❤️
I like Casper’s pants 😂
Her tits are small than my nut sack
where is the second verse bro?
Wouldn’t be a Caspar Lee video without Silent Night!
You forgot to make the end screen
before watching the video I thought Eva was wearing a scarf lmao
What bothered me was the lipstick that was on her teeth ah haha
That guy with black hair and blue eyes is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cute
So if we learned anything from this video it's that guys who say condoms are too small are full of it. \nBe safe kids
i love yall and im glad adam was cool with this cause i appreciate the fake marriage so much lol
He slept with zoella in his dream
лойс если русскй
His voice brakes
IM CRYYYYINGGGGGGGG LMFAOO literally havent stopped laughing ever sice it started omg xD
THEYRE SO CUTE I CANT
Roxxarus?
Eva: SHE PEES ON PEOPLE!!!!!!!      SHE PEES ON PEOPLE!!!!!!!
She kinda sucks....
Funniest thing I've ever seen
Eva: She pees on people!
EVANAYORS ARE SHOOKEYH. I'M SHOOKETH.
Is she wearing wig?
Fuck her
SHANIQUA
i boat themm
Classic Caspar '' You Sick Fuck''
Omg😂💕
Casper you perv 😂
1:06 it does,it really does
Caspars ears went so red lol
Im dying rn HAHAHAH
Yeaaas mylifeaseva the sleeping pill
its a zoella
caspar ur inconsistency is making ur channel die
Good video like its funny & all but honestly you guys beat around answering things or don't include the answer.. I just don't get why you do videos like this when you guys avoid even answering the questions properly
Hahaha this is so Good !!!
adam is so hot
Please make a video with Troye Sivan! Miss you too, you guys were so funny and cute together! ❤️
THE WET DREAM WAS ABOUT ROXISAUROUS
Does Eva have a wig on???
do this with Joe
I wanted this sm!!!!
He is cute
I’m so sorry but evas wigs be lookin wack
https://youtu.be/9HHMciMoWzw\nSex must watch
Ava: why do you want to do everything sexual Casper?\nCasper: Because it gets more views on YouTube\nMe: Casper you said in a previous video that you had a girlfriend!!\n\n1 like = Some help for Casper \n\n1 comment saying = Casper more Calabs  with Ava!!
He’s so tall 😍
This is HILARIOUS
HAHAHAHAHA OMG this was so funny
MAKE MORE VIDEOS WITH EVA!!!!!!!! looooove themmmmm!!
I dunno about her.. Caspar ftw
My innocence
4:25 Caspar's reacting HAHAHAH😂😂
“SHE PEES ON PEOPLE!”
Owhmygawhd evaaa hahahaha
You cucked her bf so hard lol
Casparrrrrrr
1:44 kirsty austin maybe?
Distant hot precise hcebod lack her stuff childhood
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I live for this video and that it was so awkward for eva omg😂
Typical art student recommendation - but Kanken backpacks are great!! They're designed to help with back problems that loads of schoolchildren get from having to carry a rucksack around all day
Blackery is backery!!
Fjällräven Kånken is a really nice backpack and it fits a computer too!
I have a dream that one day women will not feel inclined to apologise for underarm hair.
The Känken Fjällräven from Sweden
You ladies are lovely.  I didn't recognize Amelia at first.  :)
Loving the new style and music of the vlogs !
Nice video,you can go to https://www.ytviews.info/ to increase views,best site for views
im here for the music lol
Fjallraven Kanken backpacks are the best! Totally durable and can fit so much inside! A little bit on the pricier side, but definitely worth the investment!
You're doing some really interesting editing stuff, I like it.
Backpack recommendation - vans backpacks! Had mine for 3 years now and it fits everything i need in it :)
Timbuk2 bags are incredible. They have a lifetime guarantee and mine has lasted for at least 4 years so far. The laptop pocket is really padded and soft too! I'd definitely recommend but you have to order from America or there is a limited amount on amazon
Fjällräven Kanken backpacks are amazing!! I have one and I'm totally in love with it also they're available in different sizes!
This Mi-Pac backpack from asos is so cute, affordable, and fits my laptop and all my uni books! http://www.asos.com/mi-pac/mi-pac-canvas-fold-top-backpack-in-black/prd/6594266 xx
I love the coloured eyeliner on you Grace!
As so many other people i also recommend the Kanken by Fjäll Räven! These backpacks are amazing and there are so many beautiful colours. I currently have one but i´m thinking of getting another one because...well because you can´t have enough of them! :D btw i enjoy your volgs alot, keep them up! Also: around christmas time there might be some Lebkuchen for Amelia in the post again ;)
Kipling are good! I have a charcoal grey one that's still going strong after two years
I love the cath kidston rucksacks they are pretty, waterproof and fit a MacBook in them! What more could you need!!!
I just bought a dr martens Kiev backpack, soooo beautiful. Used to own a kanken which was really useful!
I carry my laptop in a Fjällräven Kånken, but not the specific laptop one! It's a really good size and fits my 13 MacBook air. Sounds expensive but I've been using it everyday for two years now and its still holding strong, so its a good investment!
I've watched a looooot of daily vlogers and you guys became my faves 🌹👏🌹 (ALSO HAPPY OCTOBER WHEEEET??)
there's a great German backpack company called AEVOR, they have really cool and smart designs, most of their rucksacks fit laptops and they also produce sustainably!
love the editing! especially the bit on the sofa
I'm sure Linda's camera sensor squealed with delight, seeing you. Thumbs up!
Amelia haven’t you learnt about shaving before shoots from that Matalan advert! 😂😂❤️
I have two ‘MI’ backpacks that I use for uni because I take my iPad in. It’s the bigger iPad Pro with a case on it so it’ll defiantly fit a laptop in! They’re on ASOS and aren’t expensive at all. Have lasted me well over a year now.
Seeing you every day is amazing 💕
I'm loving these daily vlogs, thank you for making them 💗💗
I have a grey Adidas back pack and it holds like 3 A4 folders it’s great X
Blackers!\n\nLove the tricky dual camera shots during the last segment!
5000 views in 2 days, trending
Good Evening Grace :)
Emma!
Emma Blackery!!  This is a colab I'd never thought of!!  :D
Fjallraven Kanken bags!
Seeing the glitter brows instantly made me rub my eyebrows haha
Eastpak are good backpacks
''oh yeah really good, yeah amazing, yes''
Oh yaaasssss loving the glittery eyebrows!! ✨❤️
Hello everyone
Hi
love the glitter brows!!
I can tolerate hair on every part of a woman's body except on the legs.
Trespass , I have one and you can fit a lot in them and not badly priced
I loved the music in this vlog lol x
Looooving these daily vlogs! Do y'all take submissions for music to use in them?
the ansvar 2 by melawear is pretty and practical PLUS it's fairtrade and organic!! please look it up, it looks similar to the kanken but i prefer ansvar. (maybe also look at ansvar 1? i don't have that one though)
Hey guys, since I've moved abroad to Italy you've been my go to whenever I'm feeling homesick xx
My cath kidston rucksack is great and fits my stupidly giant heavy laptop in, it's perfect!
Hello
The North Face Borealis backpack. Perfect for laptops.\nThe favourite of italian students today.
Everybody talking about unsolved but did y'all realize this man  learned to fly by sneaking into random homes and playing simulations. He wild 😂
I live in mount vernon...
*why does every criminal story I hear happen in Washington state?!* I live in Washington state!
BuzzFeed is doing a lot of storytimes
as soon as i didn’t hear ryan’s voice i was pissed
This sounds like me. I go everywhere barefoot....I never leave prints tho (;
I thought it was big foot
WE GET IT U THOUGHT IT WAS UNSOLVED GEEZ 😂
I don't get why everyone thought this was a buzzers unsolved video. They literally tell you the series, season, & episode #
wow he was born on the same day I was born!well not on the same year tho
Ryan and Shane should just make their own channel . I'm sure it would take off . We need unsolved everyday not lame filler waiting for it to come out .
Guys get over it they missed an episode be happy with the free content you are getting
Why does this sound like Mr nightmare .. ?
He used to live in a half way house next to my apartments, that's where he actually ran way from, he shot our neighbors window out with a BB gun
BATHS ARE ILLEGAL OML I HAVE TO TELL THIS TO MY MOM
Can we leave the crime stories to Shane and Ryan? Please?
why does his voice sounds like Rami Malek
i did a project on this dude
That is a really cool story. I wish him the best.
Ok people put together the clues ok listen \n\nFriday \nBuzzed unsolved \n\n\n\nWhat can u infer by this \n\n\n\n\n\nYou buzzed videos only come out on Fridays I know it’s sucks
when it’s been over a week since the last buzzfeed unsolved and you settle for this
I remember watching a document on him like 3 years ago
Was this a class project Buzzfeed?
I knew this ain't unsolved but still clicked it hoping that it might be 1% related to UNSOLVED.  The wheezes got me addicted.. Sorry not sorry. 😀 Can't wait for the new season starting today.  Shout out to Ryan and Shane,  I love you guys.
IT WAS MOSE BUT IN SOCKS
Just like I am obsessed with BuzzFeed unsolved. I come to YouTube . Refresh the application again and again everyday to watch a new video, even though I know it comes on Friday. 😂
hey that's where I live
I don't like the narrator .... His voice isn't interesting
I thought it was buzzfeed unsolved then I realized its not the day they post
Who else thought this was a surprise unsolved video?
My old co worker is currently dating this guy
Little town power electric tour wave.
I was born on March 22 too
I dont think people realize that this guy is like a modern day legend in the Bahamas XD
thank you for doing him!!! for unsolved crime,  can y'all  do Sherri Pepini?
He broke into our house and stole some food and a dirt bike which he left broken down in the woods.
Was this story supposed to have a point?
Honestly whoever is doing the voiceover, your voice is 😍😍😍😍
I clicked on this misreading it as 'bigfoot bandit' and now I'm disappointed
I don't know all the crimes he committed but I don't feel he deserved 7 years, he was underage and trying to survive.
Come on guys, this isnt an unsolved mystery, nor does it say unsolved anywhere in the title. Obviously not going to be an episode of unsolved.
His mother lived next door to my aunt’s farm on a small island in Washington! Always signs saying do not enter, etc.
I hope he gets to fly again!!!
Was it just me or were there not enough details to make this story interesting??
I thought this was buzzfeed unsolved...disappointed
Why are people butthurt about this not from Unsolved when the title clearly reads Crazy story of the Barefoot bandit? It's pretty clear that this not an Unsolved episode. Idiots.
I want a shirt with hey demons its me ya boi printed on it
Here for the unsolved comments
Stop comparing it to buzzfeed unsolved ! I actually really like this it was so positive ! You just have to watch it all the way though.
pfffft, The Barefoot Bandit is nothing, have you ever ran into THE WET BANDITS??
How tF do you steal a plane
ummm,leave the crime stuff to the unsolved team
How do you fly a plane and not get caught
He was actually caught at a resort/restaurant/marina called Romora Bay in Harbour Island, Bahamas! My family used to go there all the time and the staff would wear shirts saying how they caught the Barefoot Bandit!
this is almost like a modern story of icarus and the sun....with the sun being his obsession/source of obsession to fly.
This would be a fucking great movie
(Wheeze)
Fucking this isnt buzzfeed unsolved. More like buzzfeed disappointment
I read Bigfoot. I'm disappointed
no crimes unless it's unsolved maybe they want to give you some crime vids bc the current unsolved season is supernatural and they're tired of y'all complaining 🙃🙃🙃
why is everyone thought this was unsolved? we all know that unsolved uploads every friday. smh
Unlike a lot of people in the comments, I like crime videos along with unsolved videos so thanks for the extra cool vid
0:14 THE PRIDE OF MOUNT VERNON
Only here for all the comments about Unsolved. Looking forward to Friday as well.
Bare foot\nB foot\nBig foot\nCase Solved\n(I know it isn't Buzzfeed Unsolved)
Ahh! I finally just shared my coming out story!!
I remember when he was running around our islands. I’m sure that bastard stole my bike 😂
This was actually an interesting video, I liked it.\nThe video and its visual reenactment was well edited, in my opinion.\n\nSure, it's not Shane and Ryan, but this channel isn't all about them, they don't have their own channel, but maybe they'll be moved to their own channel like LadyLike.\n\nBut people gotta chill, man.\n\nThe people who did this video were cool to do this. I've never heard of this story before and it's pretty bizzare and out there.
Wtf ? Y'all better stopppp, this not Shane & Ryan bye.
There's no [WHEEZE]. I'm disappointed.
Jeez. People should really read the titles before the click on a video.
he was freed on my birthday omg
i love all the crime videos. i just don’t get why people are complaining that this isn’t unsolved, this is a bonus for people interested in this stuff
Elementary divorce reflection tennis diabetes owe battle.
Wtf
Murder of Selena Quintanilla
I thought this was buzzfeed unsolved XDD
Succeed emotion hope voice aim smile exist Irish knee consideration.
Not good enough for Unsolved?
Um... Ok
What???
Damn this ain’t Buzzfeed Unsolved, im sad
I thought this was buzzfeed unsolved 😭😭😭
I thought it was unsolved, wtf
*wheeze
*wheeze* \n\n\n\n\nWrong video
W H E E Z E
When a prodigy goes awry... temporarily.
Meh.
This was lame
this is weird
Buzzfeed SOLVED
I thought it said Bigfoot bandit
wtf I thought this was Buzzfeed Unsolved...
Ahhh clickbait
did someone say white privilege....
ayy thats my birthday
Colton is a badass
this comment is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo\n⊂_ヽ\n　 ＼＼ ＿\n　　 ＼(　•_•) С\n　　　 <　⌒ヽ O\n　　　/ 　 へ＼ P\n　　 /　　/　＼＼ Y\n　　 ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ PAS\n　　/　/ T\n　 /　/    E\n　(　(ヽ D\n　|　|、＼.\n　| 丿 ＼ ⌒)\n　| |　　) /\n ノ )　　Lﾉ__\n(／___\nShow less
Aha, you forgot something... *WHEEZE*
Got this notification while I was in train returning home from school and never have I ever felt so lively and yet so dead at the same time. \nJulien never fails to amaze me. I’m so grateful for her and her music. \nThis is phenomenal.
She's done it again
Can she even write a bad song? Next time I'm just hitting Like before I even listen.
Lyrics:\n\nThere's a hole in the dry wall, still not fixed. I just haven't gotten around to it and besides, I'm starting to get used to the gaps. Say wish you could find some way to live to be so hard on myself, so why is it easy for everyone else. I'm not always like this, there's always tomorrow, I guess.\n\nAnd I never do it but it's not a joke. I can't tell the difference when I'm all alone. Is it real or a dream, which is worse, can you help me? I just wanted to go to sleep.\n\nWhen I turn out the lights. When I turn out the lights. There's no one left between myself and me.\nBut when I turn out the lights. When I turn out the lights. When I turn out the lights, there's no one left between myself and me.\n\n\n\nJB's new single is amaze y'all. Enjoy it. I sure am. 😊
Well I was not prepared to cry today and yet here we are
2:30 breaks me
I'm actually gonna fly from Moscow to Paris just to see her show in November...
so keen for new album
So excited for the album <3
Damn son! Out of left field. I've heard this song so many times through live recordings and I couldn't wait to hear this track in its final studio version and there it is (And it came with a music video!). Ack October is snailing through right now, the 27th seems so faaaarrrr.
This a bop, I'm crying but this a bop
She makes me want to be a better person
This album is gonna be amazing.
This is an entirely new level! Can't wait to hear her new album!
The tears are real son
Omg I wasn't prepared for this
And I thought I couldn't love her more
The perfect way to kick off fall is with a new Julien Baker song and a good cry. This is wonderful. <3
Entirely in love with her.
Ouch oof owie my emotions
Goosebumps. Pure art. Oct 27th please hurry.
Magical sound
Greatness.
Only person in my life that makes me feel something and I'm tired of feeling nothing. ♥️🏳️‍🌈
So lovely, u are are my favorit artist Julien.
No one inspires me more than Julien does. Absolutely cannot wait to see her next week.
Darn. My life’s changed forever since I found Julien, and each song touches my soul in places I didn’t know existed before... Thank you.
When you ugly cry into a pillow for a solid hour, but it’s the best part of your day
Julien, you just get me. Thank you.
This song is a masterpiece <3
Absolutely breathtaking
A new sooooong!
YES
SO glad Jesse Cale recommended this song. I'm obsessed.
I was incredibly excited for this recording. But it would seem some studio person thought she needed her vocals layered. Please listen to the incredible live performance and stop trying to fix perfection... for fucks sake. Sorry for being a downer.
i listen to julien when i'm having emotional breakdowns
i'm not cry, i'm not cry 😢😭
i can't wait to see her on the 28th. what an angel
Love it, love it....LOVE it!
♡ !!
Slowly it start to sound similar...
I hope she doesn't sprain her ankle with all that running.
I like how her latest 2 vids have just been her walking around singing
Y'all, I don't know if I'm emotionally prepared for this new album
There's so many reasons why it hurts to watch her perform and listen
Beautiful. A perfect song.
She is something special
How is she running after that sprained ankle?
The use of 35mm color film here is something from out of a dream. It’s subconscious and unreal. The shot of Julien coming out of the smoke before she starts running is my favorite.
It's Julien. Of course I'm gonna love it
I love her and so happy shes releasing new music.
I remember the first time I heard it live. Damn, I had goosebumps everywhere. I love that song. I love Julien. Can't wait for the new cd to come out.
I like how the wire is not actually burning its way through the place, but is just being pulled while the end has a sparkling effect to it :D\nthis song tho <3
well I just had 3:35 minutes of goosebumps
really wished I could have seen her open for jason isbell at the ryman the other night! she's amazing.
Beautiful song! Masterful video! Great job Julien and crew! Wish you all the best!
Me vs Maradona vs Elvis. So much Brand New in this song. Love it
</3
Your voice totally melt my heart
In portuguese, we have some expressions to descrive fellings, things, in this case music, that we fell like overwhelming. Its:«do caraças!». the music of little Julien Baker is... do caraças.
I would die for Julien Bakers emo ass god damnit
We need a song with Julien Baker and Dallas Green
wow!
Oh my gosh! Even the sound of her footsteps in the beginning gave me goosebumps.
My god this woman can do no wrong. Simply amazing! Whoever disliked this video; FOR SHAME MAN!!!
I rejoice!!!!!!!!!!!!
She's an angel sounds so beautiful Love her voice gives me goosbumps
It's in 4:3 so you sure as hell no it's artistic ;)
Pretty awesome, at the end 2017 it was a good year 😍
Recently discovered Juliens music by accident. Now I need this album
I know its not her style, but im a sucker for at 2:30 if a full band came in and just thrashed the outro
I love every new song more than the last. The only downside of an artist like Julien is that every re-listen to one of her songs will never be as good as that first emotional journey, one where you could never be  sure of what was about to hit you. It still hits you of course, but I wish I could go into every song having never listened to it before.
Woke up to a notification about this video (southern hemisphere). DAY MADE.
Beautiful
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I just said goodbye to the plan for the day.
Julien can simply do no wrong
<3
test in accuse rmtcbc limb pilot media weather softly beginning.
once again I clapped physical claps
tears everywhere
RAINHAAA DA BAD 💚
1:53 - 2:08 Radiohead/Karma Police vibes
canta chido
wow
beautiful song ❤️
wow.
AHHHW WOW :O
Ofuk.jpg
holy crap! Although she writes kinda sad songs they always fit for every kinda mood....
I'm not always like this, there's always tomorrow I guess.
I am crying.....again.
Got to see her when she played in New Zealand! I'm hoping she tours this album here again, she's the best female artist in the world.
wtf shes a crack
The mother Fucking GOAT. Best music I've heard in the last few years.
This video was shot next to my house
what camera is used?
what if she sing with dallas green?
Maybe this will sound better in the album, but as a single and in general, its the most boring JB track to date IMO.
THIS IS SO GOOD
Is it a problem that I already knew the lyrics to this song by heart this morning when this song wasn't even 12 hours old yet?\n\nPA-PA-PA-PASSION!!!!!!
so so good! love the message :)
Ahhhh AWOLNATION has gone and done it again!! This is insane and worth the wait, I can’t wait to hear what the album is going to sound like after hearing this masterpiece 😍😍
First time- Not bad\nSecond- Okay.\nThird- Its rly good.\nFourth- Its god damn awesome.\nFifth- SOMEBODY, PLS STOP ME.\nSixth- 911, what's your emergency?
I can’t stop listening, what’s happening
So does this mean therre will be a tour???????
When the album red bull
Nice jam.  Keep us the good work guys.
Amazing song.  Can't wait for the new album and tour.
Just googled Awolnation wondering what they up to and discovered this....GREAT!!
Seriously I've been waiting so long for this and this is everything and more I want!!!! I can't wait to see them again live!!! (I need this album like now!!)
Definitely not bad, but why do I have this feeling that any more albums won't be as good as Megalithic Symphony was?
I've been waiting a year or so for new music from my favorite band and I was not dissatisfied 😍😍😍😍😍
I appreciate them putting Irontom in this
I feel like AWOL is family. Each album has become personally synonymous with a stage of my life. Somehow, these songs make my life feel more optimistic, like there is always something to be looking forward to, even if there isn't anything in particular. I didn't know that music could be so powerful until I started listening to AWOL ten years ago.
i started CRYING i have been a fan for so long!
So good. Thanks Red Bull for continuing to give Aaron an outlet to share his musical genius with the world. Can wait to see this live.
Love it! I feel passionate about this song! :) Dying to see them live!
S/O to the Irontom cameo in this video. ;)
I feel this album will take AWOL to the next level in regards to mainstream, and such. What a great song!
Cannot wait for new album :)
Here at 20k!! Absolutely love you guys! Can't wait for the new album to drop! 😭❤👏
I'm glad that awolnation still has the same kind of music and didn't change, unlike other bands (cough cough 30stm)
It sounds like gorillaz and nine inch nails had a baby, i love it
First I heard it, I was skeptical. Then listening to it a few more times, it grew on me, as it says, it blew my mind!!!!! It's fucking awesome!!!!
a great sound, spinnin' it..
Tbh kinda disappointed with this track. Loved their last album. Hope to see this new one top it.
Only here for grace
I have passion about listening to this song everyday.
im having an eargasm right now, please make more music, never stop, you have the perfect job!
Amazing!! I can't get this song out of my head now!!!
This is an advertisement for Green Bull, no more Cannabis Hemp Energy Drink, Green Bull is what we need, hhahahahahha.
WOW! I love it!
Holy crap this is good
hey young woman in the curlers, \nsend me your email.\ny'all so fine. \nmust have been fun making/doing that.
I CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS. WOW. YES. I NEEDED NEW AWOLNATION MUSIC!!!!!!!!
Glad to have new music
I hope they blow up
THIS IS FUCKING AMAZING \nHOLLY MOLLY
Yes! Yes! Yes! God I love AWOLNATION so freaking much!
This song made me really think about myself and how i need more passion, i don't know where or how to get it but to start i will just purchase a case of Passiflora Edulis!!!
Fuzzy fun.
Omg!\nYou never disappointed!
Love it i wish it would sond better on headphones im sure it sounds good on speakers
Consider my mind blown
THANK YOU FOR RELEASING NEW MUSIC
You got a little you could use much more passion, I dig it! Can't wait for these guys to come back to Chicago again.
ME ENCANTO!
OH MY FUCKING GOD YESSSSSSSSSS\n\n\nI NEEDED NEW AWOLNATION I WAS GETTING SYMPTOMS OF WITHDRAWAL
I fell asleep during the live strwam
totally shocked me. Didn't expect this at all!
Legends say that this song blows your mind.
i so heckin love this song! 💓
It feels like yesterday i was waiting for Run to come out
I FUCKING LOVE THIS
AWOL knows how to take simple lyrics and pound out some really great chords. Bruno knows how to make a song just come at the audience.
It's the best surprise ever
I wish I could enjoy this... But I can't(
You guys never cease to amaze me. Keep it up guys. You and IRONTOM, my PAPAPASSION
awolnation's new song? did you mean / p e r f e c t i o n /
Goddamn, it's a new style but it's still 100% AWOL, love it.
Like the music, like the melody....not a fan of the lyrics.\n To each their own, just throwing my take out there. I'm sure I can't be the only one left in that frustrating position towards the song.
Nice To See You Back Awolnation
YALL DIDN'T EVEN LEAVE A FUCKING MIND TO BLOW MAN THIS IS SO GOOD
NEW CSGO ALBULM ?!  *Blow My Mind DODODO* New Last 10 Seconds For C4 To Explode ?!
Hype
FUCK YES❤❤❤❤
yessssss
Yo, this song tho. Perfection god damnit
Grace mckagan ♥️♥️♥️
Finally,new music.
pa-pa-parfect
Y el piano?
Grace Mckagan <3
This song ❤️
ADORO
AAAAAAAH IT'S SOOOOO GOOOOODDDDDDDD
Pa pa pa passion!
Hi awol
IT'S PERFECT
SO GOOD (seeing harry highkey made me scream LMAO)
Face melting.
Awesome! Love the Bohemian Rhapsody visual nod too ;-)
SAIL!!!
Love, love, love AWOLNATION 😌😌😌
Here before 9.5 views
Love it!
Hell. Yeah.
that 70s show :D
Who dislike This ?
这风格挺不错的！
Loooooooveee it
<3
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!! BLOW MY MIND :D
I like it😎😎
YESSSSSS
they struck down my video about this song... but here is the catch i posted the lyric video before they did, should i argue the copyright strike?
Where's Kenny :O
this song is fuckin awful lol
Glitch made a sickkk remix to this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGtcz0fC1CQ
Freaky little negro thot for this big white boy penis
His last few songs have been trash. What the fuck are you doing Kodak?
Well life give u lemons
Lil Wayne Prostitute Flange is that you???
Nigga can't compete to lil Wayne song. And his girl look like a worm who just got hooked..
The one inside fine AF
She A Weirdo for twerking in sweats in a music video
He always getting together with a cute girl and wannna get with another one and that ugly ass bitch thing she all that her butt is little
She will break all u horny 12 yr. olds in these comments😂😭smh
Longass video of a hot thot twerkin and Lil Kodak voice in the background
Dam I would fu c k dat girl 100%
I wouldnt give af if my bitch look like tht to
Here before he got hit with 30
yesterday was a Saturday I was at church LMAO that chick is to fine
The editor probably nut all over his keyboard
3:08 and 3:03 the best part
Trash but you betta than weezy..geez this is a disgrace..lmao
That girl is freaky AF, you can tell by her uneven derpy looking playful smile
Predator stopped acting, nowadays he is singing, LOL!!!
One time for the zoes
Tell Future we found somebody to help take his mind off Ciara
Soooo I’m assuming he fell in love with that girl ? 😂
Let me be your new engineer Kodak GrownManInquiries@Gmail.com
Ion understand how this hoee turning up to a song calling her a thot snot i swear dey dont care long as money in the bag
At 3:08 when kodak stop and looked at the camera was scary as hell.
This beat is from LIL WAYNE FEAT TRINA - PROSTITUTE
I bet her booty hurts after the music video cuz she twerk on the whole video
THIS JUST FUCKING IN YOU DIM WITTED FUCKS\nKodak has been indicted, facing up to 30 yrs.
Video of the year.
What the fuck is this it's not music it's the definition of cancer
Is that 2 different ladies
His facial expressions made the video 💀💀💀
This is one ugly fool and stupid ass music. How can you insult a woman yet need her every other word is hoe wtf STD made music is this lol.
🌴Y'all take a time and listen to my music video https://youtu.be/kQdTOJOZ5NI shit fye👌🏾💯🔥🇧🇸🇯🇲🌴
She know her back was hurtin after
What beat is this by lil wayne
put this on itunes now plllllzzzzz 😫
I was pretty much focused on that booty shaking than the song 🙄
I masturbate to her
Imagine if that was your daughter
Shawty dead the best part of the vid what is her name👀👀👀
At 1:46 😂😂😂😂she had me weak
hasn’t had a good song since Transportin
3:06 the way he looked at the cam tho😂
Everything he come out wit be 🔥🔥🔥💰💯
Song sounds similar to fuck it
Damn , Kodak snatched Ciera from Russell?
haha so u are the worst freestyling!? haha delete this accout pls and stop mumbling hahahaaha
1:42 my nigga really said that smh 😂
Go ask Jesus
Her IG is jennaske
🔥🔥🔥😭
1:45 the best part 😂
Kodak really fat
This video so ass 🤦🏽‍♂️lmao
Kodak ma baby idc his shit be hard asf😏😑
wackkkkkkk
Here From Facebook?😂
He sipping on that soup jumou
Dmb  lmao she was twerking  the whole time lol #settingrecords
Bop
3:09 his face😂
Weezy did it better
girl name ???
lol
💕💕💕💕💕 nice song
Kodak Funny Asf 😂😂
people really call dis music
is dat ciara lol
Shawdy fine as hell dawg
your eating haitian soup
Work
Prostitute flangeeee
his last song
Original song prostitute flange by lil wayne
Her instagram is @Bigguccisuppa
His face at 3:07 👀😂
Pay attention idiots!
Me Lykie Lykie🖤
Df my nigga eating look like cereal mixed with noodles 💀
💯
FREE KODAKKKK
she fine asf
This song gay...
Simps like Kodak and hoes likeCardi B ,give theses thots life,pussy be having miles on it,and simps be cupcaking and marrying these demons thots😃😃😃😃
Damn she is sexy
His eyes at 5:08
Eating Cearl wit his fat ass 😂
Caribbean mothers be litt, oops!
up !
What is he eating in that bowl?
Anyone venture off into weedtube?  Check the channel out, and let me know what you think!  #donthatespam #spamisdelicious
boi she look like Diamond from Crime Mobb 100!
His voice is so shit its good
Go look up Joe Verne that's real music
This shit fy
He said go ask jesus😂😂😂😂
Ok so i like some of kodak songs but can we sit in use our heads for a moment this song proves how low yall minds are ain speaking for all races cause im not gone do shit for them before i do for my people n they dnt even help us but how much do yall wanna bet that its gonna be girls n the club or at a party singing these lyrics and twerking to them its just a song but this sum low life shit n mind deluded shit when u ignorant and listen to shit like this stuff like this sound normal but when u a smart woke and intelligent ass person u see n hear how ridiculous this shit is this girl dancing to a song called snot thot bruh middle fingers up n twerking whole video low life bitches with no sense gonna see this n do the same thing bruh no respect no nothing n then u got these niggas yes niggas because they not a man a real black man wit common sense n purpose they niggas thats gonna fuk hoes dnt care if they pussy stank or got sumn as long as she bad n freaky n talk good they gonna go for it just not shit then wonder y theres lil boys without fathers in their lives this is part of it shit really just disgusting wanna see my people at least have some damn self respect and sense idc how u live ur life but at least have that this why blacks cant have nothing now to busy wanna do that or nothing just stupid asf n lazy n if it aint that then we kill each other instead of the enemy n definitely cant come together for shit without mfs fighting each other  disgraceful ash hate to use yall heads to rise and rule to get what u want im young ash n got it together mfs my age guess what they doing buying the newest iphone 📲 even tho they all the fucking same or on they phone or trying to move to fast n be grown smoking n drinking walkn the streets n where they parents do they sit and do family things anymore do they talk to they. Kids discipline them when it calls for it? Guide them on the right path? Fuk no they just ass stupid not all black people n not all parents but majority yall needa tighten tf up contribute this becoming a better world instead of being apart of its distruction.😒 dont like my comment fucking ignore it or give it a thumbs down either one i DONT GIVE A FUCK  only ignorant mfs gone respond or racist low lives but for my people yall dumb asses needed to hear this shit stupid asses do something worth looking up to for once   Stop being a bunch of niggas n dumb bitches n hoes etc smfh
He said I don't even care she got ghonneria
Now I can die ♥♥♥♥
OMG this is the best ever <3 SO PROUD OF SABRINA
My life is complete!!!👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 pretty much? I loooooove Sabrina so freaking much!!!!!!!!! I LOVE IT❤️ my new favorite song
FYI, if you want to increase the number of views, reload the page every time and watch the video for at least 30 seconds.
It's out!!!Omg I waited like crazy I love it so much.😍❤😄✌
my first love edm is lost kings!😋❤
A great artist I'm shook so talented and so beautiful
I'm so proud of her, she's getting out there and doing her dam thang 😂❤️❤️😂
Love it well done sabz see u tomorrow
LOVE THIS SO MUCH ❤️😍
NO I CANNOT BELIEVE I FORGOT THIS CAME OUT TODAY I'M 13 HOURS LATE THIS IS NOT ALLOWED I FAILED\nBeside that...\nI love this so much!!!!❤️
Love this song and Sabrina
Just like love you don't really care if it hurts alot....😍😍😍😍😍
😍 I love this song
I think that this video was in the channel of Sabrina
Come on Carpenters!! This should be at 100k+ views! We can do it 💖💖
Put a shirt on please lol
But HOW IS SHE SO BEAUTIFUL
for many days, ALOT OF DAYS actually, it has finally arrived on Spotify and Youtube!! THX SO MUCH YOU ALL MADE MY DAY!! 😍😍
Let me know if this was just me...\nDAMN!!! I'm in love with this beat. I am in love with your voice. Damn it I just love you!
But Sabrina sings all of the song
She needs to collide with someone bigger. This isn’t bad, but I always thought it’d be cool if she did something with KSHMR
Is she trying to look Latina?
Omg I love this song 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😳😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
THIS SHOULD BE #1 IN THE CHARTS
love her so much!
I love this song <3
Sabrina Carpenter the best one..... <3.. the best song ever
i already knew all the lyrics because this song was released like multiple times before it even came out so that saved me some time
well this is catchy af! going straight to my playlist!
Sabrina looks amazing and sabrina has the best songs
Wow 😮 the music 🎶 video is amazing 😉 and the song to amazing
that random down tempo in the drop really wasnt needed and kind of ruined it tbh
I love! 😍😘 My favorite Dong!! 👍👍❤❤❤❤❤
I'm blessed by this beautiful art
ucvbzvnkvdviw........this was sooooooooo amazing!, I love this
Sabrina's voice is so pretty!!! She's so talented!!! I loved it
I've been waiting for this moment since it was anounced, and it was worth it. Awesome video😊\nEdit: Oh, hi there, looking for some free replay buttons, well here they are...\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\nYou can thank me later, and now I'll be able to die in peace
Absolutely love this song and video but I'm not going to lie I'm reqply her for sabrina I recommend it as her song but its really lost kings or both Idk...
I’ve been waiting for this 😭😭😍😍
THIS RELEASED WHEN I WAS AT SCHOOL, BUT HEY IM HERE NOW
I still think it's disgusting that she has a feature credit on this.
Why doesn't  Sabrina ever do more Girl Meets World anymore?
How did I not know this existed?! This needs to blow up NOW!!
Who else is gonna get this song cause it’s lit 🔥🔥
I love you so much, Sabrina Carpenter
Where is the Sabrina Squad at?
*_SABRIBRI AND LOST KINGS! I THINK YOU JUST SAVED MY LIFE THX A LOT!💋_*
This song mad my day ❤❤❤
Just found my new jam. 🖤
I can't really tell\nWhat it feels on my skin\nWhen you're whispering\nAll your intentions\nI don't really know\nWhy my heart skips a beat\nWhen you get too close\nOh, it's almost\n\n\nJust like first love\nYou give everything\nAnd you give too much\nJust like first love\nYou don't really care if it hurts a lot\nWhen it's all done\nWe look back and know it was worth it all\nWorth it all\nWe'll never forget how it feels now\n\n\nJust like first love\nJust like first love\nWhen it's all done\nJust like first love\n\n\nWe're just making waves\nDifferent shades of emotions\nFast and slow\nHot and cold\nWe bring out the worst\nAnd the best in each other\nBut can't let go\nOh, it's almost\n\n\nJust like first love\nYou give everything\nAnd you give too much\nJust like first love\nYou don't really care if it hurts a lot\nWhen it's all done\nWe look back and know it was worth it all\nWorth it all\nWe'll never forget how it feels now\n\n\nJust like first love\nJust like first love\nWhen it's all done\nJust like first love\nJust like first love\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\nWhen it's all done\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\n\n\nI can't really tell\nWhat it feels on my skin\nWhen you get too close\nOh, it's almost\n\n\nJust like first love\nYou give everything\nAnd you give too much\nJust like first love\nYou don't really care if it hurts a lot\nWhen it's all done\nWe look back and know it was worth it all\nWorth it all\nWe'll never forget how it feels now\n\n\nJust like first love\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\nWhen it's all done\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\nJust like first love
What a coincidence that my first love is.... MY FIRST LOVE
I'm love with this video 😘😘😘
I Love you Sabrina♥
ohhh you are so cool ... the best song ever.... congrats... you are gonna get the music top i know it ... come on
Just like first love <3
COMO EU AMO MINHA BABY 😍 Brasil??
Cadê os fãs brasileiros da Sabrina❤❤❤❤❤
SABRINA!!! 🔥✨🌹❤
OOOOoOOOOOOoOOghhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhh‼︎✨✨✨✨✨😭😭😭😭😍😍😍😍😍
COOL
loveeeeee it
Love u❤
In love 😍
Wowwwwww
♡♡
I'M FHGHHGDFK
THIS IS AWESOME !!!!!
Sabrina is so talented!!
😍😍😍😍😍😍
THIS IS AMAZING
This Is bomb
Beautiful!😁💜
Te amooo sc
Sabby bebe 😍 ART AND PERFECTION
YES SAB SLAY QUEEN
look at my babyyy killin it
AHHHHH AMAZING!!! ITS TO GOOD
My babe sabrina <3
oh my gosh over amazing over awesome and over top
sabby 😍😍😍😍😍
2:53 gave me LIFE
My favorite song now😍😍
I'm impressed
Omg! Sabrina Beauty ful
Hino
Sabrina is so cute omfg
Omg its lit ❤️ \n\nSabrina ❤️🙈😍
YASSSSSSSSS GIRL
OMG YAY!!!!!!!
To Asiya and Amari...😎👋💝🔥🔥🔥
HERE FOR SABRINA CARPENTER
YAYYYYYYY
CARPENTER PRESENTE 🤚
❤❤
IM SHOOK
hate it
OMG I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🏳️‍🌈😍
KILL EMMMMMM
Fuck you if you disliked tbh
I need a tutorial on Dean's mark of protection from Cass that he got on his shoulder 😦😦😦 \n\nalso this video was 🐝 utiful
Why does she STILL look good though? Like, if I tried this, id literally have the cdc looking for me bc I'd actually look f'd up😂
Love it xD this is what happens when you go to a costume party and a zombie apocalypse outbreaks during the party
I absolutely love your channel and I noticed you haven’t done a gore little red riding hood. Can you do that? I’d love to see what you come up with
I love your channel.
Can you do a makeup tutorial of Laura Palmer from Twin Peaks when they found her on shore
looool I was a zombee a few halloweens ago too, obviously makeup not as good. Spent a good chunk of the night singing IMMA IMMA IMMA BEE
Ahh love it. You need to do a two part video, glam sugar skull and gore sugar skull. Please please please.
When u think ur gonna be looking bae with a cute sexy bee costume but then she turns around.....oh god
omg you are crazy AHAHAHAHAHA i love you
I'm going to be Castiel from Supernatural 🔯
I missed your more gore looks ❤️
Get a buzz on girl.
I was the bimbke beauty a few years ago😂
Me and my friend are being twin skeletons for Halloween
Oh shit okay I see you with a TESLA!!!!!😂😂😂😂
Horror bonnie that who i am gonna be for Halloween this year
I've never seen anyone do a costume on a budget. Could you do a Halloween costume for $20 but you get the supplies from anywhere?
Ripley needs to be a sushi dog
I’d still make out with you
Have you seen the show iZombie? Because it would be super freaking awesome if you did a version of the main character Liv, or someone else from the show!
ZumbleBee😍😂
Careless whispers makes everything better 😂😂😂
LMAO
You look so cool
OMG mykie is ADORABLE
i love you mykie
Yaasss bee🐝🐝🐝
you are the most sexy zobie bee i ever see in my all lifeeee
Can you make a sexy but scary Halloween look ❤
For some odd reason this costume makes me think of Melanie Martinez
this is amazing. one of my fave looks yet!
I'm going to be Laughing Jack for Halloween, he is a Killer clown!
is it just me or did the wig make it look weirder but the rest is awsome btw i love u
I work there I can tell you full heartedly there is absolutely no point to that wig
Be a Zombeebae\nand bea yourself ;3\nok, gotta buzz off 🐝 ~bye
I love the play on words! Great costume!
ripley is probably traumatized by all these costumes she doesn't know who her owner really is
When you turned around at the end all i could think of was hey guys its nicole look it up
she looks like woahvickyy with the teeth
I’m being Daenerys and my Bfs being Jake from State Farm cause that’s his name and it’s a running joke with his friend group
She should do a sugar skull
Some of us cant even get grease paint
MR. ROBOT IS THE SHIT, YES I'M SO HAPPY YOU LOVE IT TOO OMLGMHLKG\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\np.s. bUZz
Was that I Jeff the killer mask I saw
Would I get dress coded if I wore this to school?
Jess at the wedding? New Girl anyone?
Do you live in Louisiana???
“Oh yeah honey”\n*buzz*
I'm gonna bee a scratched red riding hood, Kat is gonna be foxy from FNAF
When the sexy song came on at the end😂😂
i just watched this whole video and i still don't understand how you made that look so good.
I’m so scared because of this and someone literally tried to light my house on fire 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
is it just me or does she kinda look like mila kunis?
Bro Party City sold me expired liquid latex. I don’t have a receipt anymore either so I can’t even return it.
Im gonna be a dead biker. Making a skull piece for my face 😎 first time going out in a costume. My mom never told me about Halloween and it wasn't that big of a deal in Norway.\nAnd I'm 20 btw 😂
Tbh I thought it was Brandon Rogers.
Im going to bee Arya Stark from Game Of Thrones for halloween!  What is everyone else gonna bee🐝?
I make some pretty good Sfx with the stuff I get at spirit.
I'm being a toilet
This has to BEE the creepiest or coolest thing I've seen 😂
I’m going to be a zombie cheerleader😂and this video helped a lot bc now ik what to do with all the stuff I’m gonna get from party city
Party city is lit during halloween.
We have bits and pieces we have gathered and a HOME MADE PROSTHETIC for spider eyes!  Little girl is going as a GORE spider queen. Little man is an apocalypse survivor, and my husband and I are the zombies.
Where do you get your contacts from?
Thoes teeth make her look like Pepper from AHS. <3
Such a good video, love your creativity!!\nI just thought about, it could be fun if you can recreate Ryuk from death note in one of your videos :)) and also it would be great for Halloween
You are my inspiration!  Love Ya
go back to party city where you belong
How about Tiffany from Bride of Chucky.
I plan on being belle from Beauty and the beast
This is the best video u have ever made 😂
hi mykie! i really wanted to make one of the clown masks from ahs cult, particularly the one with the pentagram and hands coming off it. i’ve watched all your videos but im having trouble finding one i can reference completely, especially with the hands aspect of the mask and the wig.  im a beginner but ive recreated your zombie face thingy majig, but ive pretty much just done that and simple cuts/wounds with latex and cotton balls. i could really use some insight! thank you!
Spirit has a lot of real good stuff
GO BACK TO PARTY CITY WHRE YOU BELOOOOOOONG!
“Go back to party city where you belong!”
I had a big nerd moment as soon as I saw the steering wheel. My dream car is definitely a Tesla 😍
She was so uncomfortable while she was talking about lube.
i wonder why she has lube
She’s a zombae-bee (zombaby) lmao I’ll see myself out now
Sp I'm going to recreate this but make my zombee wounds look like beehive
go back to party city where you belong
Am I the only one who doesn't trust anyone in a zombie costume?
We need an American horror story tutorial
It looks amazing!
DAMMIT MYKIE YOU HAVE ME SNORTING AT 2 AM
I'm gonna steal your zombee idea lol
You look BEEautiful
Omg you are so adorable
You look awesome!
Hilarious but you look cool
Beeutiful. ;D Best Zombee NA. <3
only Mykie can make a  FUGLY costume  sexy!!
I'm BEEING a rober
Love it hahaha
It came out BEE-utiful 🐝🐝🐝🏵🏵🏵
hawt
buzz Buzz BuZz BUZZ
Buzz
wow
i dont have a lava story sadly i wish i did tho
Awww can’t wait to hear more about your unborn son
What about the one with the old man anx chest
OMG I DIDNT KNOW YOU GUYS WERE HAVING A BABY CONGRATS MY FRIEND!! ❤❤❤
When u said u had a very sad announcement I thought u were quitting Super Carlin Brothers or like stopping for a little bit so u could spend time with ur wife and soon to be son
OMG UR GOING TO BE A DAD!!! I’m so happy for you J!
What place did day and night come?
I know Feast isn't technically a Pixar Short but you should talk about it!
It it brings me to tears. The love and wanting to be loved hit me personally. It was how I felt until I found myLele
Anyone heard of Walk On’s?
My friend randomly brought a ukulele to school and during lunch she played a beautiful rendition of Lava and everyone stopped to listen.
Aw man, I was expecting you to mention the Mexican volcanoes Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl, they have a legend about an Aztec princess named Iztaccíhuatl that is in love with a handsome warrior named Popocatépetl, and they swore to marry if he came back after winning the war against the Tlaxcalans. But Popocatépetl's love rival overheard this and, jealous, told Iztaccíhuatl that his fiancé had died in battle. Heartbroken by this lie, she died. Some time later, Popocatépetl came back victorious to find out that his future wife had died. He became depressed, and wandered for days until he found a way to honor her death: he piled up 10 mountains to make a grave, took the princess in his arms and gently laid her down on top of the giant mountain, he kissed her, took a torch and kneeled before her to mourn her eternal slumber. They have been together since that day and his heart still beats bright red with the love for his princess.\nI think it's a beautiful story and the Lava short reminded me of it when I first watched it c:
My favourite short is day and night
You talked about your son kicking and I automatically liked the video ❤
Meh. I don't think Lava is that great. Made it even worse when I saw Inside Out. The 2nd worst Disney Pixar movie! 😑
My favorite was the one about the guy in a desk job who was sad but ended up finding happiness and making friends and I just connect with it a lot.
@SuperCarlinBrothers. Ey! I think your video is cut off at the end... The vid needs some music! My songs might help youtube․com/XimerTracks
It could have been a turtle from Moana because Olaf will be in front of Coco so a mix of Disney and pixar in the shorts isnt unheard of.
It's pronounced Ookalaylee but it's been Americanized into Yukalaylee. So yeah, you're right to think you're pronouncing it wrong. also pronouncing ukulele in the proper way sounds like a pretty cool battle cry.
The two volcanoes remind me of my grandparents. they got married when she was 18 and he was 21, and were together for over 60 years until she passed.
The little match girl 😭
LOL! I always have a real hoot watching your videos, though I havn't seen any in a bit, of course anything titled after LAVA would catch my attention! XD \nI Absolutely Love LAVA! I cried the first time I seen it in theaters, and then when I eventually showed it to my boyfriend (now husband), he cried too! XD so darn cewt dem volcanoes!\nAnyways we love singing it all the time, and then earlier this year when we found out we were pregnant, we knew our nursery theme INSTANTLY! Hawaiian Ocean. --But not just that! That mostly includes LAVA, Lilo & Stitch, and a little bit of Finding nemo.\nOf course we are going pretty far with a sea turtle theme now, but I am obsessed with wanting a huge picture of UKU & LELE over where the crib will be (SQUEE!) Of course I am working on that myself! But it will be so cute having those volcanoes sweetly watching over the baby!\n\nlol we are no where near even starting (nevermind completing) the baby room, but That is just my spiel on how much we loved LAVA too!!!  (Plus Uku reminds me a lot of my husband, who is a giant cuddly ball of mush XD  )
My Lava story: 1 days after meeting a, we were hanging out doing homework together outside. On my iPod, Lava began playing and I sung the chorus to which I heard another voice join me and sing the verses.He was singing with me. When it finished we both were amazed somebody knew and loved the song and it is one of the things which bought us closer together. We have been dating over 1 year now and it is one of our songs we sing together and listen to when we miss each other <3
None of these reasons are why it was the favourite.The video was pretty yet sad and the song was the sameThe end.
Bro, lava is boss. Ukuleles. Where's my bois at?
Not going to lie I bawled when I watched this Short in theatres.
I've been waiting for someone who is worthy of my lava. I hope to be worthy of his lava too.....
Personally the first time I heard lava I teared up because I was lonely and wanted to meet someone and had given up because of past failures. But then I met someone later in life and now I can hardly remember being alone anymore.
Harry Potter question: We know that someone's Patronous and Anigmas animal are the same, because we were able to see McGonagall's Patronous. But if you change your Patronous, does you Anigmus change too?
piper yes it ain't any of your business.
This one is my favorite too.
If you want a place as a person... Hetalia
you should do a pixar movie tournament.
Are we not going to talk about the love of my life?! Israel “IZ” I-not-going-to-even-try-spelling-his-last-name?! He sang “Somewhere Over the Rainbow” and is the main inspiration to the song aspect of the short! He’s a large Hawaiian who looks like Uku and his wife looks exactly like Lele.
Nooo.....Partly Cloudy is the best one!
NO. BOUNDIN WILL ALWAYS BE THE BEST. BOUND. BOUND. BOUND AND REBOUND.
why did you stop the socks??????so sad
Who else thought he meant last video forever!
We sang this song in my choir class
Just started watching your videos and love you guys
11 minute explanation on why a 4 minute video is the best short.
my favorite one is the one with the sheep
do like if inside out have a series
me and my partner went to see Inside Out in the cinema when we were on holiday, and even though we were the only adults there without kids I was without a doubt the first person in that screen to cry. SO MUCH! at Lava 😭 happy tears though ❤
I would have picked lift
Lava was one of the first songs I learned on ukulele, so it has a very special place in my heart ❤️ The video has very nice aesthetic appeal as well
7:22 Ugh! I love napkin stories.\n\nyEAh DoN'T yOu juSt LOvE NapKIn stORiEs?!!1??!1?\n\nI'm sorry that part was too funny for me
I like the older shorts better. Newer ones still pretty good
I'm pretty sure the Ukulele gets its name because while playing it your fingers look like little bugs (uku) jumping from string to string.
Aww men. The Blue Umbrella is the best one for me. But Lava is good too. 😁
My favourite short probably is Larva
Dayumn dude.. kid is not even born yet and the dad jokes begin. LOL. 6:22
Where can I get one of those Pixar balls!? :D
you couldn't just say Why I like this short\n\ntop 10 reasons? like we needed 10 reasons, nevermind top _10_ -_ -
Fun Hawaiian fact about the Uku is lice part, it's called an ukulele because your fingers are moving and jumping around like ukus
Yes Ukulele is pronounced oo-koo-le-le. And uku means lice/flea. Lele means to jump. So jumping flea. Which describes what the Hawaiian people saw when the Portuguese people brought the braguinha and played it for them. Fingers jumping around the fret board like fleas.
I'm sad that Paperman didn't make top 3, it's my personal favorite! I'm also surprised that Get a Horse! wasn't in top 3.
What did the tectonic plate say after the earthquake.\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm shook but it wasn't my fault.
I love boundin its so cool
ok double the dislikes with 333 becomes 666😨😨😨😨😨😨
I disagree... I think Piper is the best short.
Enjoy Your Favorite Song >> http://bit.ly/FuLLmusIc << (FREE)
It's ook-oo-lay-lay\nNot yuke-a-laylay\n\nThere's a reason their names are pronounced that way, J.
Okay guys pleeeaase don't all shout at me but I actually didn't like Lava.. Sorry!
UGH i gotta follow you guys on twitter. Lifted and Bounding are some of my top two!!!!
I lava this short film.
my favourite short is the one with the old guy playing chess against himself for his own false teeth.
Sorry, but the number one reason, and perhaps the only reason necessary....IT'S A PUN!!! Puns are the best!
As a late 90's/ early 2000's kid I will always say that For the Birds is the best Pixar short.
Omg I used to watch these in school- never realised they were pixar!!!
Lava is the best but piper is the cutest
My Favorite short is Boundin'. I do not have a Lava story to share (but I love that short). Tournament ideas: Best Pixar movie, best Harry Potter movie/book, thins in the star wars prequels that sucks the least, best Disney song, and coolest movie character of all time.
Best Tim Burton film poll
I think my sister is a valcano. \n\nSUPPER CARLEN BABBY BOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-D
100% agreed
Oh God, please don't get into top 10's. Too many of those. Stay original like you always are.
Bound almost came in dead last...?! How?! There is an emotionally supportive Jackalope!
So I watched lava again... Not into it but probably because I can't relate.
Actually the volcanos are most likely hot spots
Do Is Descendants Mal a Disney Queen! (Or whatever Elsa is)
LAVA IS MY FAAAVVVEEERRRIIITTTE!!!!!!
I lava it
#ukulelescreamo
Lava 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOT THE SOCKS
Pipper is probably my favroit 🐥🌊
No
Day and night
lava or inner workings
Nope
This short sucks
Geri’s game!!
Congrats on #41 on trending!
41 on trending
100000000000000\nVos for you
you shoud
Definitely the best pixar short!
Paperman
Slow da down!
Congratulations!
😂
They playing
Dwayne Johnson it's about time you addressed his black ass. Not only does his independent music sound like shit but he looks like a big black piece of long shit while he's dissing black  women and going on his senseless rants that nobody cares about. Thank you Dwayne  we know he's not worth your time but that's what he wanted  your time since he's not working  that's all he has is time. Keep winning Mr.Johnson
Now I know he is mad but that album was good. He is just being mean I hate to see these two brothas at each other's throats like this.
This is an old video and The Rock was joking.
This black Ass peice of shit have degraded the black woman on so many levels.  Im a proud black woman but i will spit on this peice of shit.  U sexy as A Motherfuck!
Lmfao damn he's childish and not the mother fucker at the end😂😂
This guys supposed to be rich, yet he lives in a trailer??
It's all for publicity
Guys I just looked up that album it came out 2 years ago apparently.
Y'all messy... This is old
This is an old video. He was only joking. Tyrese is a cry baby and a diva.
What in the actual fuck is happening
Dwayne is over rated. Fuck you dwayne
Reminds me of his wrestling days. Don't come for The Rock unless he sends for you! Guess Tyrese just got the smack down! 😂😂😂
If my love for The Rock was slowly fading. The love has been restored after watching this. Shout out to The Rock boo!
To fucking funny mr. Johnson is hilarious
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💯
The album is typical black homeless crackhead singing 🎤 in a ⛺️
THAT ALBUM IS FROM 2015 WTF IS THIS????????????
DAM ROCK YOU WENT IN LIKE  THE BAD MF YOU ARE👍👍👍👍
This video is old. Rock was being funny. And was helping Tyrese promote the album. Rock is a lot bigger now. And has a grey beard. Y’all will believe anything.
Even if this was a joke.  We all know any album tyrone puts out is donkey shit
He needs to get his motherfucker lessons from the boondocks asap😂😂
CAN U, SMELLLLLLLLL WHAT TYRESE IS, COOKINGGGG??  A BIGG PEACE OF BLACK SOFT DOGGSHITT!!!
This was almost 4 years ago in 2015 when they were cool. I'm sure he was joking lol
I'm just a little disappointed that it wasn't ended with a if you smell what The Rock is cookin
The Rock is in WWF promo mode right now. Tyrese you not fucking with this lol
EXCUSE ME Rocks wife, I must say u have 1 fine Ass Husband.   Get that show on tv as quick as possible so ur fans can watch u weekly.  Keep pumping that Iron cause that body is the Rock! Cute face ball head makes u hotter!   I hope u have Luv scenes!
I ain't even hating or anything but I just hear it right now and I agree with Dwayne😂😂😂
Fuck black roses go up my ass
DO YOU SMELL WHAT THE ROCK JUST COOKED? \n\n\n\n\n\nYep its called Tyrese on a platter with a black Rose 😂🤣😂🤣😂 \nTyrese gon leave ppl tf alone.
Where is his beard
Cryrese messing with the Rock's $. He's gonna get his ##Candyass beat. 😂😂 Y'all wrong for putting this OLD video out to be taken out of context.
The only really good song is addict I'll admit but the rest was garbage besides 2 or 3 more songs
Lol. He has a point. I only liked one song.
Lol the Rock gave him the people's mouth lol get his @$$
You can’t disrespect someone from the attitude era bitch ! The great one is still great.
Smh I like them both but this is really old and he was joking around with tyrese. Rock was filming one of the ff movies as well as filming for the show ballers. It pays to do research y'all. Ppl have to learn to stop burning bridges when your angry with a close buddy.  Idk either one personally but Tyrese went to find this video at great lengths to make it seem like the rock is a horrible guy. Makes you wonder what does this say about Tyrese's character though.
Just beat his ass rock.  Fuck cryrees. AnD Kevin  hart to i hate that bitch bonus punch please 2 for one slap him back on the bus singing for a Pepsi
Thanks Dwayne. All he does is diss black women. Fuck this nigga. Black as his black ass IS. He got some fucking nerve.
🔫🔫🔫🔫😂😂😂😂
😂🤣💯
LMAO. I love Dwayne
I love him
😂
SHOOT
Fuck u rock
ooh my
Yah it price of shit
😂😂😂😂😂💀
Don't fuck with the rock t u not ready.
Go in ROCK YESSSSS THE OL ROCK BACK
Tyrees, need to stop you seriously got issues. Start to believe the story about you abusing your daughter. You and Rock was cool and then you going to start shit because, of a movie, stop the bullshit life is to short for nonsense✌🏾😜
Yall. Live talking to me bitches eats this pussy
Hee! Hee! I don't know if Rock is joking or what but this was funny.
Dwayne went OFF!
Was that a joke or what. I really thought they was finished with the B'S Rock and if don't like the guy why did u listen to the album anyway. SMH grown men
Damn lol Tyrese brought out the old school Rock 😂😂😂
This was a joke. Dwayne was filming FF and Ballers at the same time so he was in character.  Cryrese posted it and was laughing a few years ago, and now he tries to flip it and make it seem like Dwayne did this in to be mean.
Everybody know the rock has a beard now lol clearly old when tyrese released black rose witch was last year
Didn't black rose come out a while ago?
This has to be a publicity stunt right? Lol like wtf
😳
I tell u what u fine Ass hunk of a man.   U so sweet u have a Beautiful wife Beautiful daughter and im a fan.   Rock i just got to say Dammmmmmmm.,    I Luv It when u talk dirty.  Thats right respond to this dry lip jealous ass man.  FUCK Tyrese.
Well damn. I bought it last year, got some cute songs but nothing to go crazy over. Aint trash at all.
Yo this fucker is late as hell.. that album is old news and it's not even that bad.. what is his purpose with this
One of the best (harmless) pranks ever ahaha
I don’t understand how is this a prank...ok i get it, it is romantic, but it isn’t a PRANK
I love you
We need a game \nWhere the real moosey bear!?!?!?!
That cage is way to small for the dog, that is truly animal cruelty.  You are such a good person and you let your dog in a kennel that he can't even stand up in.  Love the prank, that was great!
I love you Alex😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😚😚😚😚😚😚😚
BTW. I always smile so i nevera do anything wrong😄🐞🐱🍦🦄
Thought  he was planing real dogs 😢😢
How did I get a Moose picture-but don't have twitter
I though they were real dogs :(
My name is Abby
Some of us don't have twitter
i THOUGHT ALEX BOUGHT ALL OF THE SAME DOGS IT LOOKED SO REAL IN THE  THUMBNAIL!!! :O
Can I please have a Mosey
Wish they where real
Iphone8
Hi im zaireah is your girlfriend diy lour
hi
Moosey bear
WOW!! :O
Omg  😄
moo voodoo voodoos🐄
Clickbaited
Cute
X3
LIQUID  NITROGEN  JACK STONES  PLS.
We've just been...\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPRANKED!!!😂😂
You weird
I want one
At first I thought it was a real dog😂
I don't think that its fair to the younger people that don't have twitter because they cant enter the give away
Roses are red violets are violet I just got clickbaited and so did u
___     ___\n               \n           (0).     (0)\n                    '\n            |_______|\nme in the morning LOL
What's the red spot on Lauren's arm
I thought they were real puppies
why does alex looks sunburned when he was explaining the prank...
Tell your girlfriend to s*** my ***k
:( I don't have twitter I have instgram I want a moose
Alex you was wereing that in other video
My birthday is on October Friday the 13th and I'm turning 13!!!
I WANT A MOOSE!!! Please
They should of just signed them and said retweet the tweet and then they will mail them out until they are gone. Do something for the followers too
I don't have twitter but i want a moose ): ): ):  please alex i love moose and you and lauren please i don't have twitter plleeaassee
Hey Alex can u also do giveaways on Instagram bc I am not allowed to have Twitter..
This man does not have a dick
Was I the only one looking for Waldo
Hahahahahahahhaha. That is funny af, do another prank on her with stickers. Hope you chose me
I thought laurens hair was blonde!
Mosse:Whys there lot of me\nMosse:are they replacing me \nMe:just a prank
I don’t have Twitter
It was more of a prank for moose
Nice handwriting.
I thought Alex was sunburnt
OH MY GOD!!! I thought they were going to be real puppies!!!    XD
I do t have twitter so I cant enter
I don't have Twitter so can I please have one please
You shoulda done - 100 mad frothing killer pitbulls gone wrong prank, on your girlfriend. It would go VIRAL.
He said he is giving SOME away......\n\n\nIS HE GIVING THE REAL MOOSE AWAY?!?!
I tried to get the AW lightning shirt but I'm a medium and they only have large and x large:(
Plz I really want one but I don't have Twitter
Moose had a booner
100 PIPPIES PRANK on GIRLFRIEND! Moose GIVE away.
the real one
Ok
moosies
PUPPy
Great Prank
Lol
i want one
OMG SOOOOOOO FUNNY 😂
Moooooose!!!!!!!!! i love moose!
Moosequin challenge
Give me moose !
*clicks video*\nBoo 2 trailer comes,sees Lauren
Did anyone else notice the balloon or was it just me???
Moosieee
We love moose💕
So many cute moosey's
Hey I don't have tweeter
i want a moose but i don't have twitter 😢
Alex looked so red when he was explaining the prank
Can I have one plz
Can I have a doogie
You coppied jake paul merch but you just change color
Not hash but those dog r ugly sorry if I be rude but that is my opinion
Can we still enter on instagram please?
I want a moose\ne
decorate your house with alllll the mmmmooosssseeeessss  is that how you spell his name ?
that was the best prank
Lol so cute
Moosie is so cute
CAN I HAVE CAN I HAVE MOOOSEEEE
Moose is too cute lol 😂
Moosie heaven! 🐶🐕
I❤️dogs🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐾🐾🐾🐾🐾🐩🐩🐩🐩🐩🐩🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕
SO MANY MOOSEYS
50 on trending
nice one!!! loved it:)
Want to moose picture please
The prank was kind of cheap but ok
Kris Wu you rockin' man♥
baby u deserve the song, yeah yeah yeah...
I'm so proud of ma boy ayyy
I didnt even know beats headphones even had a radio show until now!
one of the homies said lmfao
love kris！
OMFG his voice in English so cbeucihlmcrfgiwocdho.
I Love his sexy voice ughh....sooo hot \nKris Wu❤❤❤
The song is lit 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Kris Wu? More like King Wu
THATS MA BOY!
Ultimate power couple.
Yasss, Kris!! Keep doing you thing!! Stay winning!! <3
Love kris❤️
PLEASE GO AND SUPPORT THE SONG ON ITUNES \nMEIGENIS LETS DO THIS
Just heard the song and it's lit🔥🔥
I don't kn othrs things but when he speaks that deep voice is my fav.
Yass, boy work it!
Kris 😍🔥 The King ❤
kris is so cool
Well done Kris！👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
make history！Kris wu！！！！！
Not to sound too thirsty but Kris looks like a whole meal
exo fans must be so jealous rn lmao kris and luhan are worth more individually than all other exo members combined.
I prefer his English to his Chinese. It sounds more natural
That's our boy , kris never disappointed us with music
they have a show cool
your new song is great
Happy for Kris even after all that happened.\nEXO is successful and Kris and Luhan are successful. \n\nKris got that European accent tho!
looks like he's been studying his urban dictionary lmao
I came for his voice 💖💖💦
IM SO PROUD OF YOU OUR GALAXY!
Why does it feel like he’s trying so hard to talk like Americans
Love u KRIS💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
声音好有磁性
I LIKE THE SONG
I love KW very much,he so dope!!!
that's my boy!!! so proud of him. dat voice tho❤🌚
I don’t like his glasses and hair
I miss his voice 😊
I DID NOT KNOW HE CAN SPEAK ENGLISH...IM SHOOK.
I LOVE KRIS ENGLISH ACCENT SO DAMN SUCH!!!!! aha it so different. I'm so done with my British accent lol
Kris is definitely the shit right now. He's on his A game. I can definitely see that he shines the most doing what he wants to do. And now look at this boi comin out global!
I'm still waiting for that Migos interview... Will it be uploaded soon, +Beats 1 Radio?
He has improved so much! From singing, acting, and playing on the NBA he has learned so much.
damn he's so diff here than when he was with exo lol. glad he found the real him!
Here's the female version of Kris Wu's Deserve:https://youtu.be/2BfzpmdtkxU
Clicked on the thumbnail thinking it was ricegum
曲風聽起來類似韓 流 //
Mai boi!!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
88rising
As an EXO-L we are so proud to see them like this 👄,hopping all of them success & we r not jealous,, WE ARE PROUD OF (KRIS WU ,LUHAN & TAO) OT12 IN OUR HEART 👑👑👑
Kris knows how to hustle!
kris accent....😍😍😍
🔥
Kris wu sohottt~~
Kris!!
HER VOICEEEEEE 💖
KRISSSS
KRIS RISING<3
he talks like bella hadid lmfao
kris wu!!!
OWSLA
Had no idea his English was so good
See although I loved the OT12 era with EXO, my boi Kris chose the wrong company, he obviously loves Hiphop, he should've gotten into YG.
Ugh now I need a China-line collab. Know it ain't possible. But I hope one day in the future.
#YIAYpoint the point is sharp
#YIAYpoint to dye
#YIAYpoint Cat videos.
You, old sport. #YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint to waste 10 minutes everyday commenting on yiay
#YIAYpoint serve the lizard people
#YIAYpoint Creamy memeys
#YIAYpoint \nMinecraft letsplays
.\n\n#YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint the climax
Sex #YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint Hentai
Favorite YIAY yet
#YIAYpoint the emoji movie
*P* ossibly\n*O* nly\n*I* nteresting\ni *N*\n*T* entacle porn\n#YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint\n\n.
Dogs\n#YIAYpoint
To drink Starbucks coffee
#YIAYpoint addnu?
#YIAYpoint henti
JERIN
#YIApoint \n1) Be depressed\n2) have giftcards giveaways \n3) quit\n4) repeat
Get paid get laid but no Gatorade, you need Mountain Dew m8  #YIAYpoint
oh hell yeah i got that shitty 3d intro
#YIAYpoint \nthe opposite end to the handle, duh
#YIAYpoint \nLife has no point. Life has no meaning. We are merely the product of a random series of events.
#YIAYpiont The point is  \n1.\nthe tapered, sharp end of a tool, weapon, or other object.\nthe point of his dagger\nsynonyms: tip, sharp end, tapered end, end, extremity;
#YIAYpoint the point of life is not to go after the point, it is to discover as many memes as you can in your lifetime
#YIAYpoint\nThere is no point, we never asked to be in this world. Why are we still here, just to suffer.
#YIAYpoint What's the point of life? To this day nobody knows, I say it's to die. #haikumemes
#YIAIpoint Live...\n\n\nOn the face of it this seems like the most unanswerable question there is, a question that nags our existence from start to finish.\n\nAnd paradoxically, the more we integrate mindfulness with our daily lives and realise that the only reality we have is the present, the more life seems somewhat pointless – because we are living as if this is all there is.\n\nAnd we must presume this is the case. Looking upwards at what “might be” is a waste of energy, especially when life is down “here”.\n\nNo matter how strong our faith in a particular religion or philosophy, we can only ‘believe' if we don't have the evidence to truly ‘know'.\n\nSaying, “I believe” is never an adequate substitute for being able to say,”I know”. Faith is largely centered around belief because it relies on second, third, fourth (and so on) accounts of things that may or may not be true.\n\nBut let me be clear: the point of this post is not to question anyone's faith, or to put forward an alternative school of thought on what might exist in another realm, but to simply present what is real.
WHAT IS THE POINT JACK? #YIAYPOINT
#YIAYpoint I don't know what's the point.
point\npoint/Submit\nnoun\n1.\na particular spot, place, or position in an area or on a map, object, or surface.\nturn left at the point where you see a sign to Apple Grove\nsynonyms: place, position, location, site, spot, area\na meeting point\n#YIATpoint
You need to wait 6 years to have a YouTube channel and then wait one or two more years to you're able to post. Story of my YouTube Channel.
Subscribe to my YouTube video channel love ❤️ the video
#YIAYpoint\nThe point of life is watching Jacksfilms...\n\n...so we can know we aren't the only people with social anxiety because you talk to a screen instead of actual friends.
To watch anime and make Rick and Morty musical.lys #YIAYpoint
#yiaypoint\nIve\nWalked\nA\nNice\nTrail\nToday\nOkay?\nDoing it\nIn\nEyes is fun
#YIAYpoint\nThe point of life is to fuck and reproduce
There is no point to life and that is what keeps me up at night
#YIAYpoint so you can be in content cop and steal some alcohol and a sheep hoodie
to stand up and see anime porn
#YIAYpoint\nThe trick is to take a look at your massive penis every time you are feeling down
#YIAYpoint\nTo consume the souls of the lesser.
#yiaypoint the promise of food and chocolate
#YIAYpoint watch the last season of GOT then die
Thats is a list to be a motherfuc***r too
#YIAYpoint The point is to watch The Emoji Movie!
Fucking like a JACK rabbit.
#YAIYpoint\nThe point is to get laid
#YIAYpoint what’s the point in commenting.
To live life like a boss.
#YIAYpoint there's no point
#Yiaypoint *Bold text*
#YIAYpoint to watch today's yiay
#YIAYpoint 42, the number 42 cuz it´s the meaning of life and all that other boring crap
#YIAYpoint                                                Have.                                                        A.                                                          Lagging                                                   Living.                                                       Orphan.                                                         Willy.                                             Ending                                                      End.                                                          NOW
What us your name: John or Jack
#YIAYpoint the bee movie sequel and shrek 5 please
#YIAYpoint The Point is today's sponsor.
The point is pointless \n#YIAYpoint
A pointy point
#YIAYPoint .
#YIAYpoint \nget haters then dab on them
#YIAYpoint Jake Paul
Omg, Ginnos comment got in
Hentai
0:27
#YIAYchannel an arrow >
#YIAYpoint Hentai
#YIAYpoint #jacksfilms \nTo find true love\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNah I'm livin YOLO
Being featured on yiay #YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint gralic bread
42\n\n#YIAYpoiny
#YIAY Get a girlfriend/hooker
#YIAYpoint it's called the tip not the point m'lady
#YIAYpoint the point is to support the classic nickelodeon shows
The point is where two edges meet into a sharp dot
#yiaypoint\nThe meaning of life is 42 duh
ok but all the lightswitch designs just look like a dick in Minecraft or something sorry m8
i wake up to make fun of you every day
Point... there is no point #YIAYpoint
The point is ...\nThe point...\nWell ...\nThere is no point \nJust die
the point is ti die fam
RED Camera hit me right in the MKBHD!
Hey has anyone said a pencil yet?
#YIAYpoint It's only the tip of the iceberg
#YIAYpoint \nJesus\nJesus is the awnser to everything
#YIAYpoint the point of life is the point of life which is the point of life 
I've don't several of these things bandicam, Roblox, horrible 3d intro, haters, and a fake giftcard giveaway and yet i still only have 100, is there more tips?
#yiaypoint the point of getting out of bed is to find you missing noose
The point is to not have a point about a point with a point\n\nYou get me?   #YIAYpoint
point\n\nnoun\n1.\nthe tapered, sharp end of a tool, weapon, or other object.\nthe point of his dagger\nsynonyms: tip, (sharp) end, extremity;
#YIAYpoint Well there's a new marvel movie coming out soon
#YIAYpoint To reproduce with as many women as possible
#YIAYpoint to do a full year of this shit
Falling in love\nUnicorns\nRamen Noodles\nRainbows\nYouthfulness \nSuccess
#YIAYpoint why cant you use  a dull pencil ?\nbecause its POINTless
Jack what do you think the the point is?
When Mark was like uhm... hi! to Siri omg!  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
That little stuffed rat was dark and feral
When Zoe put that doll mask on and said mama his reaction was priceless 😂❤️
Can you make aTRY ON HAUL with Nala and her outfits? please:D
Please can share what you used to clear up your skin? At 28 and still having the skin of a spotty teen is not fun! :(
I adore these shopping vlogs with you and Mark! 😊
PLEASE (1000) DO A CLOSET TOUR
Does anyone know what song was playing on the piano that Zoe said was her favourite ? X
A dark Ferris wheel
What's the song before I put a spell on you, at 9:51 ??
I laughed till I criiiiiiiied when you tried the masks on in the car! These vlogs are the BESSST!!
Hi Zoe! What car do you have? It’s so nice! Xx
I'd really crave a friendship like Mark's and yours omg, love you guys
Do you upload everyday??? Because I'm obsessed with ur videos Xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
You should look on party delights online they have brill halloween stuff!!!
Crying at the masks!
Please try using MiaCare acne patch for your spots, it is really effective. I have a massive spot on my forehead and after using it for 3 days straight it is now gone! Iloveyousomuch zoella <3
Zoe, Just got home from work (lousy day) I honestly have not laughed so much in  a long time...Thanks from Australia
This year make some festive baking videos, i love them!!!
You probably got a spot as you’re coming down with something Zoe! Hopefully it will go as soon as it came x
Zoe and mark vlogs are my favourite 😍
Morrison’s must feel left out haha! And I NEED that creepy toy!
I wanted to make my Twitter name spoopy for Halloween since I've never done it before. But my Twitter name is Beeba K Smith. I thought of Boo at the beginning instead of Bee, then realised . . . Booba. Hi, I'm Booby, pleased to meet you XD
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE BIT AT 10:00 \n\nOmg it’s the best thing ever look at Zoe’s face !! 😂✨
the Fenty foundation looks really nice on u <3
They should have gone to Home Bargains and B&M
Watching this with a full cup of coffee in my hand deffo wasn’t a good idea 😂 Im crying laughing and half of my coffee is in my lap 😂😂😂😂
Omg omg omg I saw that exact same ostrich in bureash manor and I was laughing at its neck for a good long while😂😂
Zoe and mark vlogs are what i LIVE for!!! 😍😭
You both need to go to b&m & the range!!
Lol when they clapped at the same time 21:03
Are you making a Halloween haul of what you've brought? I hope so. Awesome
Anyone know where her black bag is from????xxx
I love how supportive Mark was being. I know having anxiety can make you freak out in situations like driving but he was so positive and was just bloody awesome :) Loving the vlogs recently !!!
little did she know that later on for their anniversary her sloth may not be enough 😂  (and that she was getting a new car!!!😉  )
Nooooo I wanted to see nala in the peacock costume
The mask bit literally had me in stitches!!!! Cry laughing and everything! I bloody love you two xXx
Hi Zoe,  I think the ferry beauty concealer is a cream foundation
A bent old man😂😂😂😂 you two crack me up. I love this vlog soooooooooooo much😍😍😍😍xxx
This video quality is beautiful, Zoe!
Love when these 2 are together make me laugh so much 😂😂
Are they cousins or something? They look somehow related...
You guys should do driving sing along !!
U should do a Halloween haul !!
When you upload it literally makes my day! Gives me something to look forward to after work!
I laughed so much!! I was having such a bad day! Zoe and mark cheered me up. Thanx Zoe!!!
I seriously could watch a live stream of Zoe and Mark in the car. So funny. \n-Frey
zoella can you do a Halloween haul
Did nobody else notice the person that walked by on the right wearing a mask at 18:10!? 😳😂
What foundation and concealer does she use at the start pleaseee??
i don't understand how someone doesn't like this
Your videos always make so happy!! 🤗
I really like your vlogs.They are never boring❤ You inspire me so much
i love it when zoe and mark are laughing so hard that they do the same actions and laugh even more
Was laughing the whole time when you and Mark were in the car, felt like I was there with you. Love the banter x
These cold sunny autumnal mornings 😍 I really like you with light makeup or without it 😊 You and Mark are friendship goals!
The range and Morrisons are the best for haloween
Mark vlogs are the best ❤️
I love how this vlog started
Your vlogs always bright up my day. I had a really bad day today. And it’s only 11am. So thanks Zoe :)
It always makes me so happy to see that mark is in your vlog!
wow, did you chance anything in your skin care or how did your skin improve so much?? :)
I can't get over how good your makeup looks in this
You should do a haul to show us properly what you got and where you will use it
Did anyone else notice the black widow on Mark's shirt?? Wth 😂
Seriously your friendship with Mark is the best! You’re giggles and funny moments......You always act like you drunk 😆😂😄🤣
mark in that baby mask going 'shhhhh' is sooooo creepy
I love all of your vlogs cause you're always on a great mood and you make me so happy❤
Zoe your vlogs are some of the most relaxing things on the internet 😍😊
Literally cry laughing at yours and mark's car banter hahahaha
Did anyone else think that Mark had a real spider on his Top 😂No just me,okay.😂
I just love it when mark and Zoe makes videos together. They make me laugh so hard. Those two are so cute togheter♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Whenever I hear Zoe fake scream in horror, I immediately imagine her as a guest in supernatural either getting killed at the beginning or as a survivor.
This made me happy 😊🍁🍂
That last mask had me laughing so hard 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Thank you for the laughs...luv'd it
Mark frightening Ferris
spoopy
Hfd
What mascara were you wearing 😍😍😍😍
Zombiella!!
17:34 is the best
Omg the masks... Laughcrying😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
AUTUMN GIRLLLL. UGHH I LOVE ZOES BOOOKKK
Love u guys
help other youtubers
it's tits, mark! hahaha
pls do another night time routine
Halloween is coming!!
'Oh bastards......' me whilst driving hahahahahahah
BooElla
Obsessed with your blogs
Maybe Mark Fearis?
Does anyone know what song is playing around 11:15 ?
Omg I love it when you and Mark are together, you have cheered me up immensely. Love both your vlogs so much and Alfie's, can't wait for vlogmas this year 🎄🎅
the song at 11.38 is Biffy Clyro - Many of horror (if anyone was wondering lol)
Total Mind Blank! But what is the song been played on the piano! 😍
what maaascaara is she using?
Would love it if you could do an updated skincare routine (morning/evening)!!! Have a great day zoe!
When Zoe eats it remind me of a lil rabbit eating it’s so cute!!!
HOW YOU DOIN'? Sharing is caring (and good for your mental health...let me know and talk to each other and be nice to each other and give virtual hugs down here plz) <3
Hey honey try womb breathing it help connects you to you and get connected with what you are feeling you can google it and find it on you tube,   you can also look up path of the goddess  run by a fantastic lady Called Tamika Hilder  Hugs and love  xooxoxo
I want to grow my hair long too, but so many people keep telling me to keep it shoulder length, but whatevs its mah hurr I do what I want haha! Also with teeth whitening, I'm always skeptical of the whitening strips and at home LED kits. I just find it to be a bit of a placebo effect, from results I've seen. I'm not sure if its available everywhere but I use the gels from Opalescence, my dentist stocks them so I just got fitted for a retainer and now I only have to buy the bleach syringes in whatever strength I need (usually 15% works well for already white teeth). I've found that it works better than the $500 dentist treatment.
I know this is off topic but your makeup is flawless!!
oh my goodness, my pms affects my mental illness SO much. But it really depends on how my mental illness was prior pmsing... it feels like it goes in levels. And my pms subtracts levels from my mental illness haha. So if I'm in a high level (good mental state) my pms will affect me in making me just a tad more emotional, more nervous, a tad more anxious here and there... low self-confidence. (things that arent, in my personal experience, so hard to deal with)... but then if I'm in a low level (dealing with really low mental health), my pms can send me all the way down to suicidal thoughts and deep deep depersonalization. It really helps to know its hormonal and treat it as temporary. To track my period and have an idea as to when I'll be pmsing so I can brace myself and work harder to keep me healthy, nurse good thoughts and well-being. Suround myself with good people that I know will understand, be a little more patient with myself around those times and be all around far more loving than ever! (also indulging in resting and good food and baths and beautiful places really does help)
You're no. 50 on trending 😊
Thank you for a great video again Mel xx. All my support and big hugs to everyone who is going through some rough time! Please believe me everything will be Ok, im speaking from personal experience of recently getting over depression, because of a bad brake up from an abusive long term relationship! The only thing i have to say Mel is that i miss your makeup vids and pamper routines, they were the inspiration for so many of us to put something together and relax at home, which is always helpful especially if you ate having a bad bad day!
I suffer from bipolar disorder and I'm currently sipping hot chocolate and you my lady are so soothing 2 watch 😊😊😊
I feel like you've just described my life. For one week out of every month my life gets put on halt because of my period.
I am SO affected by PMS and it's something I really want to talk about on my channel as it's actually so common for women. You are not alone xxx
Would love a red wine hot chocolate tutorial!!
if You think the film is emotional you should try reading the book, I literally couldn't see the words and had to stop because I was sobbing. I recommended it to everyone when I read it.  💚
I really don't get the difference between Jam and Marmalade! Here in Spain, I think it's all the same thing, and we call it Mermelada so, marmalade.
I absolutely love you, keep being you girl 💕
I love your short hair, but I know you are going to grow them anyway! <3
I enjoy using Lush R&B on my ends and u can rub it into your hands afterwards.
Oh girl, Marley and Me ruins me every time I watch it. Good choice. \nI'm not doing very well. I feel like I'm stuck in chaos and I'm anxious about everything. I'm so angry, yet so tired. And I'm super scared because when I get into these angry and tired and anxious stages, the immediate stage is depression and just feeling completely numb and apathetic which is not good for me. So I'm desperately trying to find all the moments of good I can find. \nYou're videos are helping and I just want to reach out by saying that even if you're in this place of not feeling yourself, you will feel like yourself again, everything is cyclical and a journey (as I'm sure you know). I'm wishing you strength and love <3
Another day, another frustrating commute, but doing okay. Need more sleep. :-) Have you seen the film Dog Park (w/Owen Wilson's brother Luke)? It's not for crying, but rather laughing. I'd think you need more smiles than tears right now. Hope you get through it okay. Baby steps, right? ^_^
Isn't H as in H&M supposed to be pronounced aitch not haitch? Just wondering. English is not my native language.
I feel you Melanie! Periods and PMS do affect me a lot even though I try to be strong and focused but it just does affect me every month. I'm learning. \nLove your channel 😀
Melanie, you're so pretty
Red wine hot chocolate? YES Miss Melanie please!! Awesome video Mel, helps so much just to sit down and relax to here you talk
Don't worry Melanie, that happens a lot after finishing projects,  you feel sad and confused,  but what you need to do is  go out, visit things and  go to places,  find  inspiration, and soon you will feel fantastic again,  and  you will find something to manifest your creativity too, remember we love you, and  we are  here for you!
Honestly, I'm not doing okay.\nI picked my major back in high school, got a degree, and then got two jobs because that's what I was supposed to do.\nI'm tired of doing what I'm supposed to do.\nI loathe my major, and it makes me depressed working on it.\nI started my YT channel because that's my true passion, and it's helping.\nIf anyone could send me good vibes, I'd love that :)\nTo anyone reading, hang in there if you're feeling down today <3
I'm a slave for my hormones... i need to have an oral contraception, i'm a mess without that, physically and psycho. With the pils, i just have anxiety and migraines few days before my pms get out. I know it, so i can deal with it. \nI understand what you said about not knowing what to do. When my calendar is empty for few days, i feel empty. When i see an entirely month empty, it's the worst. I need to have mini goals through the year. It's ok to have some days with nothing to do. Nothing like oblivion. But we, humans, need these moments to find peace, enjoy the quiet... go shopping, watch tv, clean house. Just relax. \nAnd the calendar will be filled day after day. Plan some vacations for december, plan a birthday, a tattoo, a lunch with family... little things. Let the life guide you , like an otter on a river. ;)
Hand over that hot wine chocolate recipe! Love you ❤️
So how do you make this red wine hot chocolate? 🤔🍫🍷
I cry every single time i watch Marley and Me and i have a yellow labrador who's 9 now :(((
I love these videos Melanie 💚 seeing that your not happy and perfectly wonderful 100% of the time makes the rest of us feel more normal (what ever that is) love your videos, keep being you 💚😘💚
tysm for this, mel. i've been feeling pretty down recently myself but your videos make me feel hopeful :) i hope you find that same positivity! much love x
I have generalized anxiety disorder. I've been doing quite well with therapy. However, last month I was PMSing and I couldn't even go to sleep because I kept overthinking everything. As soon as I got my period it went away. Hormones fucking suck
Melanie, I'm happy you shared a video with us  even though you weren't 100% feelin it. I think it's incredibly noble to be vulnerable on camera and I just love your content! It's good to let yourself feel.
I feel you sooo much. Recently, I feel like the PMS, Menstruation and recovery phases take up about 75-85 percent of my time. I have become extremely withdrawn. More so since I don't have any Projects going on right now.
Love the way you edited this video at the start showing how you were scatter-brained, but at the same time still had you talking!
i bloody  love how the red has faded  in  your hair to ginger like...  i always wanted to  go  that red but i also  wanted to go that ginger so it's  like best of both world and it grows out nicely  too
Generally the week before my period starts I get so so sad and down for at least a full week and it ruins everything because I have no motivation and I get so easily stressed and overwhelmed with everything. It sucks
You do seem a little off, tlking faster than normal. Hope you feel better soon  :)
Love you, and proud of you for posting this video even tho you weren't feeling yourself (still loved it, just always feels like chatting with a friend). 💚
very random and off topic...but gosh you're gorgeous!!
Ive had a good week ,I did 1500 steps in aid for mental health for my school and we raised a flag for awareness
I feel exactly the same right now !! Kinda deflated I think .. anything will put me in a mood eeesshh! Pms is the worst :(
YES for talking about being so weird and scatterbrained during certain times of the cycle. Happens to me too, at least zwo times during one cycle. I recently found cbd oil drops, they seem to help my anxiety. Best from Germany <3
I feel like you're the sister I never had. I relate to you so much with everything you say and we look weirdly similar ?? (My mum's Irish so that might explain it) but I love your videos, you're the cutest!!
Is the Garnier hair mask available in the US? I found it on the UK Amazon site, but I can't find it on any US site.
Out of all my friends, I am the one who suffers from serious symptoms of PMS. I've been diagnosed with PMDD and do have meds for it but I try not to take it unless i REALLY need to. I just turned 29 and I realized that my PMS was really bad in my mid 20s - 23-28 were my worst years. I also have crazy anxiety but that hasn't been diagnosed by a doctor, I just know it gets alot worse during my PMS.  I feel like I have the same issue as you - when there isn't something i am working on, I am extremely scattered brained. I just started journaling this week. Hate to admit - I've only done it once this week but I do want to stay committed. I feel like that is an emotional release for me on paper.  I also realized reading also helps with my PMS. I sorta just shut myself out from the world and dig into a book and that REALLY helps.
Hun, I'm sorry it's not a good spell right now. Just remember another one of those wonderful life affirming days will be just around the corner. \nSending a hug :) \n\nAlso, the words: red wine hot chocolate in conjunction with one another are perfection. PLEASE make a tutorial! X
I hate Marley and Me it's so depressing 😡
I've been sick in bed all day :/ but I'm feeling a lot better I've been bingeing your food diary Fridays and videos in general ❤️ I saw a clip of you vlogging from the Scotch Hall bridge and had a spit take moment because I live there ( drogheda,, not under the bridge 😁 )
thank you for this video . the past two days i've been shit like zone out or something.  and I've so much assignments to do . 😣🖒 are you doing vlogmas?
Yes! i have PMDD and it sucks
Oh Mel💚 It breaks my heart to see you down, I sincerely hope you're feeling back to normal again soon. I'm proud of you for still filming despite your struggles, and even sharing them with us so we know we're not alone. And neither are you:) Much love💚💚💚
I need that red wine hot chocolate receipt <3 and thank you for mentioning briefly that all the girls PMS and menstruation doesn't affect so much, I'm one of them usually when it comes to periods and I feel like it is criminal to talk about having easy periods when so many struggle with them. I also would like to hear more this kind of honest conversation around all the hormonal stuff .
Have you heard of anhedonia? It's a condition where one is unable to feel pleasure in things they would typically enjoy. It's a common symptom of depression but there's no reason why it shouldn't exist without full-blown major depressive disorder or whatever. I also associate it with a lack of motivation etc which is why what you said reminded me and I thought I'd mention it just in case there was the smallest chance it could be useful. Sending all the love xx
Hi Melanie, I totally feel you. I feel like a different person the week or two before my period. I question life decisions, friendships and my own self-worth. I'm slowly learning to work through those feelings, but it's always hard.
It's so amazing that you talk about everything with huge honesty. I know our situation is so different, but I think I had the same issue that you have now in the summer. I accomplished a big goal of mine and after that I just didn't know what to do with myself. I'm a creative person and then somehow I lost all my creativity and motivation. I just wrote it down cause I'm so happy that I've heard someone else talk about it. I felt like nobody understood what I was going throught. I hope you'll feel better soon Mel, you're just an amazing human being<3
thx mel i really appreciate you openly talking about how you are feeling. I am hating school at the moment I just want to cry when I go but it makes me feel better that feeling anxious and sad is ok and I can work through it, love you mel xxx
I NEED your chocolate 🙏🏻red wine recipe!!!!
Thank you so much for this video, Mel! I had THE worst day and hearing that I'm not the only one feeling like  this helped me soooo much.
i feel you! i usually get into a slump, where all i want to do is sit and  binge watch, but tthen i get anxious about the fact that i'm wwasting time when i could be doing something else, which adds to feeling down and it just feels like i'm digging myself a hole. but it always passes, i hope you'll feel a lot better!
Today I'm actually in a really nice mood. World Mental Health day kind of highlighted how far I've come since last year and while progress can seem slow it is happening, it has put me in a hopeful mood.
I personally have been lucky enough to regulate my hormones with the Pill. I've taken it since I was 14 (I had/have very bad acne), but I'm going off on it at the start of next year which is scaring me horrendeously. I'm undergoing a new treatment for my acne that will make the Pill pretty much unnecessary (in regards to my skin, obviously) and I'm terrified of not having the effects the Pill had for me in regards to my PMS and my period. The few times I went off the Pill in the past or wasn't on it when I was 12/13 I was in horrific pain and couldn't even get out of bed on some occassions. I'm really afraid to see what will happen next year. On the other hand, I've been dying to not have to rely on the Pill for so so long. I'm almost 27 now and I just don't want to have to spend money on it if I don't have to.
I absolutely know how you feel. During pms sure it gets worse but I do struggle with both anxiety and depression  as well. It's hard not to compare yourself  but with depression it's even harder to get out of that head space to be happy and healthy and carefree when your wallowing in misery
What liquid eyeliner do you use? That lipstick suits you so much!
I get really down round my period and start questioning my life decisions too! And crying over really minimal things and wondering if this is what I should be doing with my life etc. Completely okay! xxx
Aw Mel, even on your down days you make me smile. Thank you for doing what you do for us <3 p.s: I would love to see the red wine hot chocolate recipe!
I relate to this so much. I always need to have a target and a goal to obtain otherwise I get lost and unfocused and overthink. So now I make lists whenever I feel like I need it to motivate me and I make things for myself to do so I’m focused.
I'm watching  Laurel and Hardy to feel better, it helps, perhaps you should watch them aswel :-) nice video thnx for making it.
Your videos are so calming and cozy❤ +long or short hair you look beautiful anyway😁
Random, but I really love how you edit your videos!! Every time you do that thing where the audio keeps talking but you visually show your pauses it makes me so happy because it's so well done:D
I've always struggled with my periods, they've always been ridiculously heavy and leave me feeling really drained and I usually feel really sad in the lead up and throughout and it's annoying as some of my friends will have really light three day long periods, and their moods don't change and they can't understand why I'm so effected! I've been on pills to reduce the bleeding and always refused the actual Pill as I don't want hormones in my body but now I've been made to go on it as they think I have endometriosis, I'm really scared as I know how much my periods effect me, I don't want the pill to effect me loads too 😢
I feel ya, girl. Every fucking month, 1 week before my period starts, I get extra emotional. I cry watching The Voice, I cry thinking I procrastinate a lot and I'm not doing anything with my life, it's awful.. I honestly am tired to have this every month :(
My boyfriend is very understanding when it comes to periods but he still doesn't understand the full effect
I feel you sister! I was always a very busy person, worked a lot, had uni and other projects I was working on, etc. Since having my little girl I am limited in how much I can work and have not yet returned to uni. I am fully aware that having a little girly is so fulfilling and she does indeed take up so much of my time but I often get really down about the fact that I always had a goal I was working towards and was always so busy and now I find myself feeling as though I am no longer working towards anything. I am simultaneously the happiest I’ve ever been and the most lost. I find setting myself little projects helps, I crochet and cross stitch etc. But I completely understand where you are coming from here, and it’s nice to hear I’m not the only person who doesn’t really enjoy not having a lot to do! \nYou’ll find your content self again lovely lady, don’t let the bad days overshadow the good. Lots of love from my house to yours! 😘
Red wine and hot chocolate damn that sounds nice I used to drink coffee and cider my London friends didn't like it but I did must be the welsh in me
Love your honesty, love how you edited the video!\nSo awesome that you did this for world mental health day! You are so amazing Mel :) all the best
I totally understand how you're feeling. I'm in a place at the moment where i just cannot motivate myself to do anything and im feeling a bit empty and aimless because i have no goals to work towards and all i want is comfort and cuddles. My period is coming up too so it is probably hormone induced for me too but its bloody annoying... you're not alone ❤
OMG I have watched marley and me in cinema. I think that was year 2009 and i remember i've cried  a lot. I thought that me and my boyfriend are going to watch a fun comedy to laugh a bit  but no. What was even worst ,about 2 months earlier my parents had to put to sleep my dog that we had for 16 year. Damn You marley and me!
You are such an inspiration, you're doing more good than you think, Mel. When you're stressed or anxious or sad or angry, just think that it'll all pass with time. You know what to do, it's just getting around to it is the hurdle. BUT you did this video and that's amazing. I've been majorly struggling with balancing my PMS moods, general moods and little anxiety things like not letting shit get to me so easily. We're all trying and when we know what works for us, we keep going and we're NEVER alone. :)\n\nAlso, RED WINE HOT CHOCOLATE!? HELL YES!? We need to sit down for one of these some day.
Girl I feel you, I have the worst PMS. Physically but especially mentally. Kinda hate it but luckily other than that I am very healthy right now. Which I am grateful for! But those couple of days are tough sometimes!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE share the recipe for red wine hot chocolate!! That just sounds incredible. The copper mug is beautiful.\nI just realised that yesterday was world mental health awareness day and I was diagnosed with chronic depression yesterday. The irony....
The background of this video is so pretty 💛💛
I have been lucky not to have any mental health issue  ,however i had a family member and a friend ,whom suffered with  mental illnesses. I have immense empathy for  people ,who are dealing with mental health issues  ,you are all brave living your lives ,even though you feel like rolling up in a ball and not moving .
It's so strange, I feel exactly the same. I can't actually tell you what is wrong but I'm feeling very heavy (the best word to describe it). So today i didn't even go to uni. I stayed in bed and I'm taking the morning off. It's my mental health day and I'm trying to focus on myself now. I want to work through this and get better. (Plus yes, im also about to get my period and my  skin looks horrendous and it felling effects me). Hope you're having a good day today :) love you!
I just wanted to say how happy I am that your a YouTube. Your funny, relatable, truthful, smart, fashionable and more! Honestly, and I never think this about anyone..but goals😄 I hope you stay on yt forever💚
Mel we all lose our keys and find them in our pocket! Since I left uni I really struggle with fulfilment but I'm going to do some volunteering to fill that gap
Melanie, \nThank you for the abundance of joys and happiness that your delightful sharings bring. Your thoughts and warmth are always a present to your YouTube friends. I wish I could wrap you in the largest of hugs when you need them most. \nBe confident that you bring something special to those in your real and virtual worlds. \nThank you for sharing.
You're definitely not alone on this! I suffer from really bad PMDD which i'm sure you've heard of but its just a more severe form of PMS and it consumes my whole life for like 4 days out of every month, gets pretty bad in terms of depression and overthinking and I can't get anything done, can't focus on anything, it affects my work life and my relationships and its just awful so i know EXACTLY how you feel. My only advice i can give you is to just let it happen, know that its only situational and just do small things that make you happy to try and get through it to the other side! You're a very strong woman so I know you can handle this!
be gentle with yourself 💜
Feel better soon! <3
It's EXACTLY the same thing for me at the moment, I feel sooo down and on the verge of tears everyday because of period hormons :(
red wine hot chocolate recipe, please!!!
ohhh red wine hot chocolate sounds amazing
Reilly concrete 👍
Red wine hot chocolate recipe please!!! 💚💚💚
nice Tesco mug
Please share red wine hot chocolate!
Red wine hot chocolate !!!!
Nailed the lipstick!
Hi Melanie, did you get your dental implant yet ? and if so where did you have it done ❤️
Melani Murphi really you are a lasbian ???
Love the eyessss❤️❤️❤️and also what is the best lash glue that won't let your falses come off because I'm finding it difficult to find the best lash glue I tried everywhere😭
Have to shake the foundation well first!! Huge difference when you shake it before use
Michael you are so amazing to watch I absolutely love the looks you come up with. Keep slaying it sister your beautiful
Holy actual shit I'm actually in love with yours WHAT AHHH THIS LOOK IS AMAAAAAAAZIN qqq
did he get a nose job , looks fabulous
I was watching full monty before I watched this omg that's so weird 😂❤️❤️
oh my gosh I love you but I cannot stop laughing at how like this Foundation is! bahahahaha
Too much foundation, that’s why the contour stick ain’t blending
😂😍
Your videos lift my spirits 😌❤️
Pumps primer... no worries Rhi Rhi 😂😂😂
is it a drag makeup look ?
Love this look. No nails are missing this time and btw they are qqqqqqqq CYA!!!!!!!!!!!! XXXXX love you babes. Put this on your story omg ahah xxx
Does the maybelline fit me loose powder have flash back????
This is gorgeous!! For a video recommendation could u please do a natural warm toned everyday makeup look, just very natural and cute :3
Legit, if your ever having a bad day you, just need a little Michael fix!! You make me laugh dal 😘
Complaining about the contour stick when you're sponge is still covered in the foundation. Of course it's gonna look like that
Rewatching this so I don’t know if I commented already but this look is STUNNING q 😍😍
My house wifi is broken and i decided that you are the only one worth sacrificing my mobile internet 🙈❤️
The best face make up you've ever done. First I was like omg this foundation colour tho😂😂 but in the end it looked better than ever! Like literally soo beautiful 😍😍😍loved this combo (contour,Highlighting )
You over exaggerated just a little with the unicorn highlight stick 😂 it is honestly not that bad when applying it on customers it's best used when warming the actual product on the back of your hand and patting onto the skin instead of just wiping it onto the skin which will lift whatever is underneath it
Lol you look like literal  ghost but love this eye look and you. Hopefully I can come to your masterclass
Michael have you tried Sportsgirl's eyeshadow palettes? I bought 4 of them and they're amazing! I think you should do a review of them, especially the Pretty as a Peach one and Burgundy one
IN LOVE W THIS LOOK
I really wonder how talented youtubers such as yourself don't have a million subscribers. Q 💜
Worth creature talk ywwbm chamber governor village supply gold card embrace.
okay so imma need some rock on merch on the website as soon as possible 💁🏼💁🏼💕
You look like Ursula from The Little Mermaid
Thank you for helping me lose weight. The moment I saw your face I realized you are mentally ill and I puked my lunch.\nStop it. Get some help.
If you don't want that unicorn shimmer stick I'll take it off your hands NOTAPROBLEM 🙋‍♀️🙌
Love you so much Michael QQQQ I hope I can meet you one day 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
I love you Micheal but please calm down with the lip injections, they look so uneven and balloon-like
I want the palette but I don't support mac because they test on animals! First world problems. Sooooooo pigmented
Have you lost your right earring ?
I don't understand how you can put makeup on every day for a living and still end up looking pale with ridiculous eyes or massively orange.?
Finally an honest review of Fenty beauty.
OMG your makeup is so nice you look amazing year girl xxx
Love how you say rock on, just how Monique does <3
anyone else have to turn down vol for michaels intro music hahahah
I love how Aussie you speak! ♥️🐨
Am i the only one who actually liked the eye makeup look as a whole? I thought it made his eyes pop 😍😄
Love the eyeshadow look!! The green is gorgeous!! 💚💗
I'm a big fan but plz do your lips good
how did you start up lookin like a fkn ghost and then it matches ?? gurl SLayyy
OMG CAN U LIKE DO MY MAKEUP FOR ME! 😻😻 SUCH A QUEEN
Anyone know the outro song at the end of all his videos?!!!
Nobody on YouTube makes me laugh like you do lol you're seriously amazing 😂 love youuuuu 💖💖💖
that foundation was way too light which made the outcome not so great..
Great come back Ginger Jim! No I'm married with 2 babies thanks hun for the kind words!!! Your an idiot problem some lonely loser trolling people and cutting them down!!! And after this I'm not adding fuel to the fire it's clearly you can tell you have NO RESPECT FOR THE WAY PEOPLE ARE!!!!!
Madi. If you see this comment. Hi
😍😍😍
Freak
Stopped watching at 0:01 in.  Absolutely horrid brows.
Gorgeous look babe xx
'big fuck off wing LMAO
That thumbnail makes me feel sick!
Two words ha gaaaaaaay
I miss “THHRROOOUGGHH MY CREEEEAASE”
Best eye look ever
so fuckin rock on 🤘🏼
Bencong?
His eyebrows tho 😂
nice...thankyou..
You’re trending b!!! So proud ❤️❤️
Oh.. my.. god your lips 😐
love it
LIVE FOR THIS
sorry mate the foundation colour aint great
This is creepy
#10 on trending! Woo!
Fat ugly fag kys
What the fuck is this shit that I just watched, fuck me I need to go drink some VB and belt my wife
This is fuckkkked
get dis poser woman off trending, it is illness obsessing over stereotype
'it's facking treennding'
Plz kill your self fucking this content is trending a guy act a female and trying makeup
Dude did you do your research on Fenty beauty and how to use the products? All her powder highlighter are called Killawatt. The duos have the shade names on the bottom & on the box it comes in. This was a half ass  review.
this is like those fucking weirdo rich people on the hunger games. fucking disgusting
He's disgusting shallow vain false and fake my god !!!
this is why euthanasia should be legal
Hope this gay boy dies
Ew wtf get off my feed
Is this person a guy or a girl? Im confused
How crazy he is?
Get off youtube you gay cuck you make me feel sick
This video to me = fat fuck man knows how to put on make up like a proper woman.\n\nHonestly trending is a boat load of bullshit.
What, the fuck
Voting no
Cheap drag act
Kys
you gay bruhhhhhh
This nigga gay
Fag
Your hair looks shit
so gay
Ugly faggot
Little gay boy
Yoo wtf is that 😂😂😂😂🙏🙏 im out
Lolll your sooooooo fukin gay😂😂
This is fucking disgusting. Why is this trending
Me: *googles* how many eyes do spiders have\nGoogle: Most spiders have eight eyes. Some have no eyes and others have as many as 12 eyes. Most can detect only between light and dark, while others have well-developed vision.\nMe: .......THAT'S RIGHT! MY SPIDER IS NOT LIKE MOST SPIDERS IT'S DIFFERENT AND HAS 4 FUCKING EYES.
Make this it looks cool \nhttps://www.tastemade.com/videos/bubble-pop-electric-cake?utm_source=facebook&utm_account=tastemade&utm_content=post_10-11-2017
You guys should do a gothic water candle Corinne vs Man vs pin!!!
This is the most glorious thing I have ever seen
you managed to mess up on spider anatomy...
Corrine is absolutely doing the profession she was meant to do. Make crafts. because she's a boss at it.
DOES NOBODY REMEMBER CORRINE SAYING FOR HER NEW YEARS REVOLUTION SHE WOULD NOT TRY AS HARD FOR DIYS!?
I can’t wait a fucking month for more of this amazing ness I need more now or I will die😢
I WANT THIS SO BAD
Farewell aragog, king of the arcnes <- or whatever
Great job! Looks amazing I'll be scared every night I come across that giant spider!
Rob make a bunch of some slimes and do a slime smoothie
How tf won't you get freaked out by that gigantic spider?
Corinne, my mom and I suggest that you make spiralized zucchini or any type of vegetables (curly fries would be a good idea).
Can you do an undertale costume please
I can't believe your fabric store didn't rip the fur fabric instead of cutting it!  Much less shedding!
You should try to make black rock candy for halloween
If you love the spider so much, divorce rob and marry it
WHERES THE DIY IN UR LIVE TF
Spiders don't have heads
how...how did you get it out the door...
You and Christine should do a Harry Potter quiz and see who knows him best.  (like if you agree)
I really wanna do this but Im lazy so fuck it
Drinking game idea: take a shot every time Corinne says Electrical tape
OMG You should try to do this for a Halloween Dinner video! (Pumpkin keg & Pumpkin Pizza/Mac&Cheese) Just do it. lol https://www.foodbeast.com/news/pumpkin-pizza-mac-n-cheese/
What was the final cost of the spider?
You and rob should do diy packing tape ghost
Wow that's so cool
Aw, you didn't try to scare Rob with Aragog Jr.
New game- take a shot every time she says electrical tape
If only I had some fucking patience and didn't fuck shit up half the time, I would do this lmao.
You should do galaxy Ice-cream https://9gag.com/gag/a5nj4do
Do a fucking inside out /upside down Burger shit thing Corrine
Amazing! I love that it's climbing your house!
Corrine! They make hot glue CORDS. Like long coils of glue to put in your glue gun. Its awesome, they have some that are like 2 feet long
I think you mean witches XD \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHAVE A HAPPY HALLOWEEN, WITCHES!!!!!!!!!
Tell rob to make a bowl out of the cheap plastic Halloween bugs and rats. Or one out of those little Halloween erasers!!!!
that is so cool
This was posted on my birthday!
Corinne's hair is fucking amazing :3
i wish i had more room for it because this is fucking amazing (sad life T.T)
Y’all need to try and bake water candles!!
It didn't say Corrine in the title but then it said Harry Potter so... You know it's Corrine!
How much did this cost?!?
http://pin.it/PcGgsaR Man vs Corrine vs pin? I just really want to see rob fail x
That is single handedly the best thing I have ever seen. Amazing job! 🐛🐜🐝🐞
SKELOTON LEAVES PLEASE!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSearch it up.......
COLOUR CHANGING FROZEN MOJITOOOOOO
Make stone rugs
Make water candles
Corinne!!! Make spider web necklaces!!!! http://pinterest.com/pin/424393964864910208/?source_app=android
please do Gothic Water Candle DIY
Skittles chicken wings
Water candles try these corinne!!!\nhttps://youtu.be/T1JaB2jtajo
Make a galaxy milkshake
DIY poptarts? Galaxy poptarts!
Love you corinne
You should make water candles!
Diy brain bath bombs
Hell yes
good dog
Carve more pumpkins
Corinne pleaseeeee do this under water candle!!! 💖 https://youtu.be/T1JaB2jtajo
DO A MOTHERFUCKING MIRROR GLAZE CAKE
So spoopy!!! Ahhh
I SAW ARAGOG AND I CLICKED
O man, those YouTube pillows are prettttyyy scary....
How about galaxy makeup?
Your brows look BOMB
Try ButterBeer Donuts....It is right up Corrine's alley...
DIY CARVED CANDLES PLEASE
DIY water candles ?
Do some water gothic fucking candles cuz why Tf not
U couldnt find black duct tape?
i aplode u
Try doing Water candles!!!!!!!
mother fu*kin Bento Boxes \nFor Corinne vs Cooking
CORRINE IS A MIRACLE WORKER 😂😂😂
PLEASE TRY WATER CANDLES\n(Gothic & regular)
Rob always makes glow in the dark shits but he never success to make his own glow sticks
I feel like rob would be a gryffindor and corinne would be slytherin
CORRINNNNNEEEEEEEEE!!!! You forgot FANGS girl! FANGS... other than that no thank you on the spider hard pass ok
The eyes really annoy me. it needs 8!!!
Glow in the dark bath bombs pls
Why do I still watch this shit?\n\n\n\n\nJK I actually like Threadbanger but I just wanted to see some reactions.
He has brown fur, pinchers, and 8 eyes. You should know this Corinne.
A spider web shawl would be cool
Why couldn't you glue the hair right on the insulation?
Please DIY some schezuan sauce, please and thank you. Also  🖕🏻💕 love y’all!
Today is my birthday :3 I love you guys fr
Loved your commentary! And the singing. Love you Corrine! 😂😂😂❤
SCARE ROB WITH THE SPIDER
This is too cool tho
Time to buy stock in electrical tape.
Harry Potter inspired lip balm!!! https://youtu.be/GLC8da_DTWs
Fangs?
Make a Halloween brain cake
Coolest shit you've ever done!!
I love Halloween 🎃 👻 ♥️😍
Burger macrons \nhttps://www.pinterest.com/pin/254946028885961041/sent/?sfo=1&sender=319474304725046102&invite_code=436a5f9ee93f4d1ca87b42ebc2ff16f5
great series, love how he was honest with the ratings lol
how does someone who knows nothing to little about preparing food get a food show???\n*white privilege
nice gold watch
I really enjoyed the video, but you don't need to stay in character all the time. This segment seemed a little forced.
Little finger action?  That didn't sound right haha
I love Sean, but his knife technique is horrendous.
Mustangs didn’t exist until the end of 1964 nerd. No such thing as a “round 1950’s mustang”.
He has so much pride about making sushi it’s very wholesome
Love sushi! Thanks Sean your videos are always making me hungry and teaching me simultaneously.
watch more great video on Indian cooking click photo
“Like a 1950’s mustang” he says. Too bad they debuted in 1964😑😑
Honestly if Sean made my sushi I wouldn't know if he was a pro or a rookie lolol
Honestly super proud of Sean. Great work! 
here's what I don't understand, why scale the fish if you're going to fillet it? what was the point of scaling if you're cutting the skin off the flesh anyway?
3:26 Never heard of a straight bass Sean
I'm going to pretend you meant a 50's P51 Mustang and not the car, seeing as how the fish on the rice kinda looks like the body of a P51!
You're such a good host
Can you invite Pewdiepie again?\nI know the first time you invited him! But he turned you down because he's busy!
Chef was a champ, seems like a cool dude
What watch is that sean
Become a sushi chef in two months......... Lol
The mustang released in 1964 1/2. Damn Sean. Letting down the Midwest.
Hey Shawn hold the spine of the knife just above the handle with your thumb and for finger and wrap the rest around the handle  you will get better control of the knife
Mustangs fist got introduced in 1964 1/2 but I definitely knew what you meant 😆
Need hot sauce to eat it or what?
So we filleted our straight bass\nSean...it's striped bass.
So 1:30 in and already they are lying to me. That is not a a stripped bass. The lines are broken.
I want to eat sushi off of Sean, Fantano, and Binging with Babish's shiny bald heads.
0o0 when he chops the fishys head
When they're cutting near the beginning you can see how inexperienced he is just by his knife technique when cutting to the middle bone because he holds the knife with his finger on the blade.  Surprised the teacher didn't  point it out
I would be dope for them to have a video on traditional shojin ryori sushi.
Plot twist the Asian guy on the thumbnail is Sean.
I hope he meant p-51 mustangs, not Ford mustangs........
Ik he's not a car guy but a 1950's mustang is not a thing 😂 mustangs became a car in 1964.5
That intro is what I like to call sushi porn
The justin Timberlake of food 
Sooo... There's an anime with this premise right?
It's still just a finesse game the chef is just moving forward...lmao I love Sean
Dude's such a sushi master that he has sponsor logos on his chef jacket
I feel like Sean Evans is so robotic and has no personality. He's like the Jason Bateman of interviewers
Gotta love those 1950's mustangs that came out in 1964 and 1/2.
as someone getting into blades and sharpening.  I have nothing but the utmost respect for a sushi chefs and how well they can sharpen their knives
Someone call Flava Flav Sean has the guy's clock on his wrist.
now kill a chicken next and make wings from scratch :)
that blonde girl... damn stole the show
Next Hot ones we need Hot Ones: with ROADMAN SHAQ PLEASE LIKE THIS SO THEY CAN SEE IT
In school I used to always question why the things we were learning were relevant to our us. Now I willfully click on these kinds of videos...
I'm a fan, but - I just don't think the world needed another white people learn to make sushi in ten minutes short, you know? I feel like it's been done and done and *done* at this point.
8:31 That's much better than at the truck stop.  Sean, open up a sushi truck stop.
No such thing as a 1950s mustang. They came out in 1964
The secret to good sushi is bad fish. C'mon, guys.
lose the playa watch please!
Hey guys. Commenting here so I can plug Jiro Dreams of Sushi, one of the greatest sushi documentaries out there, and quite possibly one of the greatest documentaries of all time. You guys should definitely take the time to watch it. That's all.
There is not a 1950's Mustang. LOL
Sean's roll looked pretty dodge but I bet it still tasted nice as fuck!
Shawn Evans acts like a female.....jeeezzz
1:04 that's only four things.  Not five things.
Lol love it, 1950's mustang hahaha you killed it bro
MOST ARE ON THEIR WAY TO HELL. SEE HERE WHAT THE END WILL BE!!!\nTestimony of Heaven, Hell and Angels by Nigerian Pastor! on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/H05DAzFQd2Y\n\nWatch TYRONE WENT TO HELL AFTER DYING IN A CAR ACCIDENT BUT GOD BROUGHT HIM BACK (FULL TESTIMONY) !! on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/7do-r-m94Sw\n\nWatch Korean Artist's experience in Hell ENGLISH NARRATION on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/7Za2aNU5344\n\nWatch Rev. Eddie Wiggins Testimony To Hell and Back on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/XCsBHFHjyBU
he looks like the ichiraku ramen guy from naruto lol
sean is a genuinely cool guy
Great episode FWF that was impressive Sean. mad props. I would've have been eating the sushi..
I remember the douchbags from good mythical morning
Anyone else wanted them to eat it
should have gotten Dr Steve Brule to teach him
Stick to the wings
We only teach 5 things...  1. Sharpening knife  2. Cutting fish  3. Making rice  4. Rolling ... just 5 things!
I don't get all the hype over sushi.\nIt's literally just raw fish on rice.
for some reason I've always thought Sean was a cook, turns out he can't fillet a fish LOL
more of a snowflake situation. killed me
I like how you are switching it up. Good job man.
sean is not even fun to watch. boring hipster dressing motherfucker
The chef reminds me of Adam Sandler for some reason
little finger action... \n \nsean, you tease...
64 sean. mustangs... 64 man..
jheez that looks good
Hair net? What hair net?
The Chef sounds like Adam Sandler doing an Asian accent 😃
Where did you see a 1950s mustang?
damn that big ass watch !
aaaaaaah i need some sushi now
Sushi quality looks fetching terrible
Great interview!
1960s* mustang, sean.
Hahahaha awesome.. tnx Sean this was entertaining :)
@0:35 THAT ACTION POSE!
Remove your watch before cooking.
Best channel!
Did these motherfuckers just sushi-fy a fucking striper???
#ricegumisabitch
Little finger action? Uh huh.
this was awesome!
1950s Mustang?
Daddy Evans
Nooooooooooooooooo😱
Little finger action
You fucked up the tuna! :'(
2 months? more like 20 years, fucking plebs
isn't that the sushi chef from gmm? xd
2 months and best sushi chef ? Are you joking ? \nIt takes a minimum of 10 years to be a sushi chef !
Please comment like and subscribe
I wonder why he didn't comment? Maybe he just wanted to focus on why he was there. Hey just realised that is Harvey Weinstein! He has his own shit to deal with right now.
m.
OH 0:00-3:30 IT'S BEST PART!!!!
Make sure you dont skip or exit ads!!! they give our boys so much profit!!!
9million and almost 800K likes❤🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Youtube trending # 46 in Hong Kong       14/10
jackson you so handsome
Fighting!!❤💗💓\nI GOT7 💚 GOT7
mark tuan💗🤘🏻
9M!!!💚🐥🎉🎉🎊🎊\n🔜10M!!!
9ล้านนนนนนนน!!!!!\nวันนี้ต้องถึง10ล้านนนสู้ๆๆ✌✌
สู้เข้าอากาเซ่อีกนิดเดียวจะ9Mแล้ว\nมาถึงขนาดนี้อากาเซ่โครตเก่งเลยอ่ะ นับถือเลยค่ะ\n#อากาเซ่เก่ง
สนับสนุนคนไทยด้วยกันจ้า# Fighting Got7
อากาเซ่ไปไหนหมด ขึ้นทีไม่ถึง1พันเลยยย. เห้ออออ
10 ล้านนน~~\nกำลังจะมา ชัวร์ๆๆ
This is my jam \n🎤🎤🎤🎤😍🎤🎤🎤\n🎤🎤🎤🎤😍😍🎤🎤\n🎤🎤🎤🎤😍🎤😍😍\n🎤🎤🎤🎤😍🎤🎤🎤\n🎤🎤🎤🎤😍🎤🎤🎤\n🎤🎤🎤🎤😍🎤🎤🎤\n🎤😍😍😍😍🎤🎤🎤\n😍😍😍😍😍🎤🎤🎤\n😍😍😍😍😍🎤🎤🎤\n🎤😍😍😍🎤🎤🎤🎤
Until tomorrow 11:00 we can reach 10m Fighting Agases!! Let's make our boy get 1st win💚💪
1 MORE MILLION BEFORE SUNDAY AGHASES!! WE CAN DO THIS!
Soooo we have 9m now🎉🎉 and we can reach to 10m today tooo. Fighting ahgase we can do it👍 They are first at MCountdown with 77,4%. But we have to vote on the other sides too. Let's make them win :)
The end like snuper the stars of the star
Yeahhhhhhh\n9M🕊🕊🕊🕊🕊🕊🕊\nLet's go to 10 million
9M! We can do it guys!!!! Let's break 10M before inkigayo!💪🏻🐣
Wow 9M , we're amazing . Let' s keep going . Fighting ahgase 💘
I made a streaming playlist for You Are if you need it :)
Kindly like the one more time mv of twice dear siblings!
GOT7 fighting!! They deserve the world 💚
Go AHGASE!!!! We can do this!!!! Got7 for yher win!!!!  Lets stream together!
I love them all
LETS GET 10 MILLION!! IGOT7 FIGHTINGGG!!!
9m💓🎉
9 ล้านแล้ว 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
9m 👍👍👍💕💕💕🎉🎉🎊🎊
9M🎉🎉🎉🐥🐥Fighter ✌🏻✌🏻✌🏻
7m🔓✔\n8m🔓✔\n9m🔓✔\n10m🔐\n11m🔒🔑\n100m🔒✖
9mแล้ว👉10m
Mark tuan 🍅😍💓💖
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇰🇷🇰🇷🇰🇷🎉🎉
JYP YOU Stupid Shit Company Only 150k albums!!!!WTF!!!!!!!!!!
Aagase fighting. got7 fighting. 💚✌
9m
💕💕💕
9million😭😭😭
ヨンジェとJBとマーク
9M🎉🎉🎊🎊🎊
💚💚💚
9M wowwww
10M HERE WE GO!
大好き
Hong Kong😍😍
มุ่งหน้าสู่9M 10M - 100M.
1k💢
2:40 Ketchup number two
wowwwwwwwwww
JACKSON
Got7 lovey
Hi ahgasse! ARMY heree💗💗\nbe honest, got7 are so good looking in this mv! also there's mark with his red hair, yugeom with his orange hair, jb and youngjae with their beautiful voice, jackson with his rap-voice (u know what i mean❤️), and jinyoung & bambam looking fine af😍😍 very nicee mv!
9M  WOW~   10M   LET'S DO IT!
This song is awesome! \nI love all of tracks in this comeback ;))
ไม่นะไม่ติดอันดับละอ่ะ
ท่าเต้นเหมือนนกจะยิน  รักกัซ
So happy 9แล้ววววแม่จ้าาา🎉🎉🎇🔓💪next 10🔐🔐
พยายามน้าาาทุกคนนน สู้ๆ พอเห็นน้องได้รางวัลเราก็หายเหนื่อยเลยหละ อดทนอีกนิด อกซ ไฟต์ติ้ง❗️🔥🔥✌🏻😤😤😤
เราจะบินไปพร้อมๆกันน่ะอากาเซและกัซ    🐦🐦✌✌นกน้อยของกัซสู้ๆ
9ล้านแล้ว อากาเช่ สู้ๆน่ะ✌️🇱🇦❤️
9m  🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉\nสู้ต่อไปนะอากาเซ่😊🐦🐦💕
9ล้านเเตกเเล้ว🎉ดีใจ☺️สู้ๆค่ะอากาเซ่ทุกคน✌🏻ไฟท์ติ้งค้ะ ต่อไป10ล้าน💪🏻
ทำงานง่วงๆละมาเจอพวกนายนี่โคตรมีพลังเลย สีปากยูคโคตรน่าจุ๊บเลย แต่ไม่ได้ๆ เราเมนจั๋น เรียกสติไว้ๆ 5555 嘉尔 我爱你😘
เห็นท้องฟ้ามาหลายรอบแล้ว อยากเห็นวิวที่สวยงามบ้าง\n#อกซ.สู้ๆค่ะ✌️✌️
8ล้านตั้งแต่เมื่อวานแล้วน้า\nวันนี้ขอใฟ้ถึง10ล้านเถอะ อากาเซ่ไหวไหม ✌✌สู้ๆเพื่อกัซ
ไอ้เหี้ย\nสัตว์
9M.💕💕💕👏👏👏👏
เย้~~~~ 9M ล้าวววว
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh Ahgase we are at 9M now!!!!!! Hwaiting! Go go go go!!
9 M .
9m✅🔥🔥\n10m🔜💡
สถานีต่อไป10m
so dam hot!!!
-995 go to 9m... Fighting 💪💪💪
Fighting Igot7 to 10M 💪💪✌✌
9mil 🔥💥💚🐥
Almost 9m ! gogogo ahgase ! <3
🔥🎉🎉🎉🎉〰✌️✌️✨
Bambamg7น้าย้ากกกก
💖💖💖💖💖🎵🎵🇲🇽🇲🇽😎
فخامه
almost 9m!!!
I love got7
❤❤❤GOT7❤❤❤\n😻😻😻😻😻😻😻\n🎵👍👍✨👏👏👏
Gat sevın
10M Fighting
เลข 9 มาแล้วนะ สู้ๆทุกคน ทีม 🍈 จะสตรีมให้เต็มที่เหมือนกันนะ
9m✔\n10🔜\nอากาเซ่เก่งที่สุด
พอดีเลยอ่ะ!!วันที่ GOT7 ออก mv เพลงนี้เป็นวันเกิดเราพอดี   😄😄😄
สถานีต่อไป\n10 M 🔜\nไฟติ้ง!! เราทำได้!!\nNext station\n10 M 🔜\nFighting we can do it!!
อะไรคือ 48 มาแรง
We are at 9M guys!!! We did it. Let’s now make it to 10M. Keep streaming please!!
สู้ๆนะค่ะ ทั้งอากาเซ่ แล้วก้กัซ พวกเราเป้นกำลังใจไห้น้าา
Jb fighting 💪💪 dont get sick 😭😭
무의미한 하루에\nมูอึยมีฮัน ฮารูเอ\nในวันที่ไม่มีความหมาย\n익숙해질 때\nอิกซุกแฮจิล แด\nผมเริ่มชินกับมันแล้ว\n지쳐 있을 때쯤에 난\nชีชยอ อีซึล แทซือเม นัน\nผมเริ่มเหนื่อยกับมันแล้วล่ะ\n\n눈감고 널 상상해\nนุนคัมโก นอล ซังซังแฮ\nผมหลับตาแล้วคิดถึงคุณ\n가슴이 뛰는 게\nคาซือมี ทวีนึน เก\nหัวใจของผมกำลังสั่นไหว\n더 크게 느껴지고 있어 baby\nทอ คือเก นือกยอจีโก อีซอ baby\nและมันก็กำลังสั่นดังขึ้นเรื่อยๆ ที่รัก\n\n하루의 반 이상이 비어버린 느낌\nฮารูอึย พัน อีซางี พีออบอริน นือกิม\nมากกว่าครึ่งวันของผมคือความว่างเปล่า\n채워도 채워지지 않는 내 맘의 깊이\nแชวอโด แชวอจีจี อันนึน แนมาเม คีพี\nส่วนลึกในใจของผมยังไม่ถูกเติมเต็ม\nGetting bigger, deeper, and wider\nเริ่มใหญ่ขึ้น ลึกขึ้น และกว้างขึ้น\n지금 내 기분 like before the sun up\nชีกึม แน คีบุน like before the sun up\nสิ่งที่ผมรู้สึกในตอนนี้มันเหมือนกับก่อนที่ดวงอาทิตย์จะขึ้น\n\n갈 길을 잃어 혼란스러\nคัล กีรึล อีรอ ฮนรันซือรอ\nผมสับสนและหลงทาง\n머리가 아파 지쳐 가면\nมอรีกา อาพา ชีชยอ คามยอน\nเมื่อหัวของผมกำลังปั่นป่วนตอนที่ผมเริ่มเหนื่อย\n축 늘어 져있는 내 손을 잡아\nชุก นือรอ ชยออิดนึน แนโซนึล ชาบา\nคุณเข้ามาอยู่ในหัวของผม\n따듯하게 나를 꽉 감싸 안아\nทาดึดฮาเก นาารึล ควัก คัมจา อานา\nและคุณก็โอบกอดผมเอาไว้\n\n늘 앞만 보고 달려 와서\nนึล อับมัน โพโก ทัลรยอ วาซอ\nผมวิ่งไปเรื่อยๆโดยไม่หันหลังกลับมามอง\n숨 쉬기 벅차올 때\nซุม ชวีกี พอกชาอล แท\nเมื่อไหร่ที่ผมหมดสติไป\n넌 나의 하늘이 돼줘\nนอน นาเย ฮานือรี ทแวจวอ\nได้โปรดเป็นท้องฟ้าของผมนะ\n\nIt’s a beautiful sky\nมันเป็นท้องฟ้าที่สวยงาม\n맑게 갠 하늘 like you\nมักเก แคน ฮานึล like you\nท้องฟ้าที่สดใสเหมือนกับคุณ\nThere is not a cloud\nที่ตรงนี้ไม่มีเมฆ\n너 때문에 난\nนอ แทมูเน นัน\nก็เพราะว่าเป็นคุณ\n세상이 다르게 느껴져\nเซซางี ทารือเก นือคยอจยอ\nโลกที่รู้สึกแตกต่างไปจากผม\n\n비가 오고 있어 내 하루는\nพีกา โอโก อีซอ แน ฮารูนึน\nฝนโปรยปรายลงมาในวันของผม\n다른 사람들은 못 보지 내 하늘을\nนารึน ซารัมดือรึน มด ดพจี แน ฮานือรึล\nคนอื่นๆไม่สามารถมองเห็นท้องฟ้าของผมได้\nI can’t breathe, I can’t eat, I can’t sleep\nผมไม่สามารถหายใจ ผมกินไม่ได้ ผมนอนไม่หลับ\n널 만나기 전에 난 완전히 망가진\nนอล มันนากี ชอเน นัน วันจอนอี มังกาจิน\nผมถูกทำร้ายก่อนที่จะได้มาพบคุณ\n\n이제 난 괜찮아 feel alright\nอีเจ นัน คแวนชานา feel alright\nตอนนี้ผมไม่เป็นไรแล้ว\n손 닿는 곳에 서있어 언제나\nซน ทัดนึน โคเซ ซออีซอ ออนเจนา\nเพราะคุณนั้นอยู่ในกำมือของผม\n구름에 가려져 있던 니 모습이 보이면 난\nคูรือเม คารยอจยอ อิดคอน นี โมซือบี โพอีมยอน นัน\nผมเห็นคุณ อยู่เบื้องหลังเมฆเหล่านั้น\n\n갈 길을 잃어 혼란스러\nคัล กีรึล อีรอ ฮนรันซือรอ\nผมสับสนและหลงทาง\n머리가 아파 지쳐 가면\nมอรีกา อาพา ชีชยอ คามยอน\nเมื่อหัวของผมกำลังปั่นป่วนตอนที่ผมเริ่มเหนื่อย\n내 모든 아픔을 다 가져가 go away\nแน โมดึน อาพือมึล ทา คาจยอคา go away\nทำให้ความเจ็บปวดของผมให้หายไป\n다친 상처는 아물어가 너의 손길에\nทาชิน ซังชอนึน อามูรอกา นอเย ซนกีเร\nบาดแผลของผมนั้นได้รับการเยียวยาจากสัมผัสของคุณ\n\n늘 앞만 보고 달려 와서\nนึล อับมัน โพโก ทัลรยอ วาซอ\nผมวิ่งไปเรื่อยๆโดยไม่หันหลังกลับมามอง\n현실에 부딪힐 때\nฮยอนชีเน พูดิดฮิล แท\nเมื่อความเป็นจริงเข้าจู่โจมผม\n니가 내 길이 돼줘\nนีกา แน คีรี ทแวจวอ\nได้โปรดเป็นทางเลือกของผมนะ\n\nIt’s a beautiful sky\nมันเป็นท้องฟ้าที่สวยงาม\n맑게 갠 하늘 like you\nมักเก แคน ฮานึล like you\nท้องฟ้าที่สดใสเหมือนกับคุณ\nThere is not a cloud\nที่ตรงนี้ไม่มีเมฆ\n너 때문에 난\nนอ แทมูเน นัน\nก็เพราะว่าเป็นคุณ\n세상이 다르게 느껴져\nเซซางี ทารือเก นือคยอจยอ\nโลกที่รู้สึกแตกต่างไปจากผม\n\n너는 기쁠 때 바라 볼 하늘\nนอนึน คีบึล แท พารา พล ฮานึล\nคุณจะมองขึ้นไปบนท้องฟ้าตอนที่คุณมีความสุข\n힘들 땐 비로 내려줘 네 아픔의 반을\nฮิมดึล แทน พีโร แนรยอจวอ เน อาพือเม พานึล\nตอนที่ยากลำบาก ปล่อยความเจ็บปวดไปกับสายฝน\n내일 나의 하늘엔 너로 가득해\nแนอิล นาเย ฮานือเรน นอโร คาดึกแฮ\nพรุ่งนี้ท้องฟ้าของผมจะเต็มไปด้วยคุณ\nI don’t need anything but you, understand\nผมไม่ต้องการอะไรแล้วนอกจากคุณ\n\n지금처럼 넌\nชีกึมชอรอม นอน\nเหมือนกับตอนนี้ ที่คุณ\n내 옆에만 있어줘\nแน ยอเพมัน อีซอจวอ\nยังอยู่เคียงข้างผม\n따스하게 바라봐줘\nทาซือฮาเก พาราบวาจวอ\nมองมาที่ผมด้วยสายตาอันอบอุ่น\n이대로 날\nอีแทโร นัล\nเช่นเดียวในตอนนี้\n\n모르겠지만\nโมรือเกดจีมัน\nถึงคุณจะไม่รู้ แต่ว่า\n니 존재 만으로 난\nนี ชนแจ มานือโร นัน\nมันก็คือชีวิตของคุณ\n살아 숨쉬는걸 느껴\nซารา ซุมชวีนึน กอล นือกยอ\nที่ทำให้ผมหายใจได้\n\nBeautiful sky\nท้องฟ้าที่สวยงาม\n맑게 갠 하늘 눈물 따윈 없는\nมัลเก แคน ฮานึล นุนมุล ทาวิน ออบนึน\nท้องฟ้าที่สดใส ไม่มีสิ่งใดแม้กระทั่งนำ้ตา\nThere is not a cloud\nที่ตรงนี้ไม่มีเมฆ\n너 때문에 난\nนอ แทมูเน นัน\nเป็นเพราะว่าคุณ\n세상이 다르게 느껴져\nเวซางี ทารือเก นือกยอจยอ
Ahgase, honestly, GOT7 You Are isn't really hit in Korea, Korea is the base for GOT7, if they get bad result in Korea, it will affect their overseas career. Worldwide Ahgase are trying to wake JYPE up and let them know they have a brilliant boys group which should deserve more, use this tag on Twitter: #JYP_GOT7_아티스트대우해 and #GOT7 to suggest your opinions to JYPE. Thank you so much!
Excuse me I have a question. I've watched the entire MV a lot of times but the count is wrong. Why? I mean after I watching it and the views did not increase that much!😭😭😭😭😭😭
ย อ ด วิ _ ไม่ขึ้น==
Who's working on Halloween treats? Links from this episode below! 👇\n\nNEW pumpkin spice buttercream recipe — http://craftsy.me/2i09HRC\n\nSpice cake recipe —http://craftsy.me/2xuwzei\n\nEPISODE BONUS: Halloween treats & baking inspiration —http://craftsy.me/2fXIvPm\n\nDownload the spider template —http://craftsy.me/2gpREkm\n\nExtruder — http://craftsy.me/2ybzcW6\n\nFreeze spray -- https://shop.chefrubber.com/item/703003S/Magic-Freeze-Spray/\n\nEPISODE ROUNDUP: everything from this episode — http://craftsy.me/2yCIGL6\n\nMORE CREEPY CAKE INSPIRATION\nSee me sculpt a chocolate skull —https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gpXb...\n\nCheck out my zombie-fied wedding cake — https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NObiU...
The middle of the video is a hot mess haha
The guys should sing in every episode.
but the spice girls are amazing especially with spice cake
What do you have against Spice girls Joshua ? lol
You love the Spice Girls and you know it! Friendship never eeenndss!
This was extremely good I loved it plz make more videos
This thumb up was for the Spice Girls enthusiasts behind the camera. You guys rocked.
I was the grudge for my freshman year of college.... totally won the costume contest! It was badass
I HATE SPIDERS.\nNo wonder this didn't appear in my sub list.
I’m so scared of spiders that it gives me chills even seeing you make it, especially the pointy legs of them but I couldn’t help but watch till the end and it’s beautiful
To make you feel better there are 5 Spice girls, so Brandon is a little less creepy now. Well on that end of the spectrum 😂
JJR, the spice Girls are nothing to be ashamed of! We all love them, even you! Don't fight the spice.
Where do you get all of your shirts??? I love them!!!
Found your channel from iJustine! Love it.
He hates the Spice Girls,  tries to use a drill to make gum paste strings for decoration, and knows what channel locks are. Yep, definitely a Man . . . About Cake.\n\nAs for my costume, I'll be dressing up as a skeleton for work, but my husband wants us to dress up as peanuts so we can be nuts together.
Does whatever a spider cake does
I love this cake
Next Video please collab with How to Cake It
My favorite MAC video
Aw, JJR, the crew's singing is great though!!! Love the cake (even though I'm arachnaphobic) and the crew!
I was Baby Spice when I was 8, my best friend was sporty spice and my neighbor made us sing for our candy.
Can you do a vampire team please. Beacuse I am a big fan of Twilight movie.🖒👍👍
I loved the guys singing and making JR turn red in the face. LOL 🤣💘
Long time ago I made and wore an autumn-themed costume  (that was inspired by Marjorie the Trash Heap on the puppet show FRAGGLE ROCK)  to work which won 2nd place in the costume contest. It was a separate hood over a long sleeved maxi length dress out of soft, drape coral-orange knit fabric; covered over with preserved florist autumn leaves and stems that I had meticulously appliquéd by hand. The accessory was a fan rake and to remove ANY doubt as to what I was supposed to be, my name tag read:  Pile-a Leaves!\nYou could make an Pile of Leaves autumnal cake like that too.  Bet it would be gloriously golden and gorgeous!
Really bitch! I was about to go to sleep and then I seen this video in my recommendation 💀💀😢😢
The Spice Girl puns! Lol Had me dying!
Can make a Australia themed cake pls
For the record, there were FIVE Spice Girls. Not four ;)
I love that all the guys started singing spice girls lol 🤣🤣😂
Love the Halloween opening!!!
You put a top panel on you middle tier. Did the gumpaste stay soft enough for the bubble tea straws
You guys are funny! (: JJR I always enjoy watching your vids!
Is that like a weird instrumental of ghost town in the background???
Honestly I think the spider would have been creepier if he would left it bone white and painted the top-tier gold underneath it. Cuz then I would look like a weird Fusion of the skeleton and spider
One of my most favourite video...if you wanna be my lover LOL 😂
I will sing a spice girls song every time I hear pumpkin spice lol
This was one of the funniest episodes ever!!!  I loved watching this one!
Sorry, but I gotta love the singing and the Spice Girls references.  Totally liked for the Spice Girls stuff!!
I like the added Spice Girls 😅
Their singing is beautiful
me and my best friend are thing 1 and thing 2
My best Halloween costume (or, at least, my favorite) was Eric Draven from The Crow. I was about twelve or thirteen, wore an all black outfit with a life-sized crow decoration stitched to the shoulder of my shirt (and of course I had the makeup). It was awesome, and we didn't even get to go trick or treating that year -_-
This is one of the most beautiful cakes I've ever seen! It's so elegant!!! I loved every detail... AMAZING JOB!
so is he a top or bottom
I absolutely love your work!!!! Please please please do a two sided cake!!!!!!
The Halloween intro is amazing
New subscriber here if u wanna be my lover you gotta get with my friends making it last forever frrrrieeeendships never ennnnnnnd😂😂😂😂😁😁😁
Hello I have a question. Is there a reason u don't paint before and touch up after? Just curious.
I wonder where all the cakes go?
The banter between them all made this more enjoyable! Not that it wouldn't be without it but it made me smile 🤗
Loved the singing 😂😂😂,  your cake's look so yummy and beautiful ,  love you're show.
That wasn't a Halloween cake, it was a Wedding cake!!! but the two are not mutually exclusive so I will call this, Halloween Wedding cake 👰🎃🍰,
My best costume was a cardboard refrigerator running
This channel needs more singing 😂😂😂
Best halloween costume was was probably han solo, my friends were chewy, luke and Leia
I want to make a hALloween  but I am terrible at cakes and desserts
I am so in love with this cake!!
You and your crew are my favorite people
Hello👍 could you possibly do a Frankenstein cake?? And the original Frankenstein please😊😊
Love your designs!  I took up baking cakes 2 months ago and found your channel.  I think I've seen all your MAC videos & this one has to be the best! I hate spiders but I so wanna recreate this cake myself. Thank you for all the inspirations! Go Team MAC!
Phantom of the Opera, clothing sucked but I'm proud of the makeup I did.
I HAVE ARACHNAPHOBIA WHO ELSE DOES
I'm sorry Josh, but i feel they should sing more
😍😍
Best Halloween costume: I was a gps
The spider looks almost like a jeweled pin.
When I was 11, I had two costumes.  One for the town Halloween parade and one for actual Halloween.  For the parade, I was a golf ball.  For Halloween, I was a munchkin.  Donut munchkin.
I absolutely love the crew! You guys rock! JJR you need to sing along man, singing good for the soul!!
People gold shame me all the time
I always like watching your videos. You make beautiful ckes
The bloopers and the singing kinda made this better... and that spider was awesome, this woukd an an awesome cake for someone getting married around Halloween ^_^.
This episode was hilarious! I feel your pain with that extruder that would make me crazy!! Lolllll. This cake is amazing! And yes I have a crazy fear of spiders but you made it look incredible! Great job as always!
MOST ARE ON THEIR WAY TO HELL. SEE HERE WHAT THE END WILL BE!!!\nTestimony of Heaven, Hell and Angels by Nigerian Pastor! on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/H05DAzFQd2Y\n\nWatch TYRONE WENT TO HELL AFTER DYING IN A CAR ACCIDENT BUT GOD BROUGHT HIM BACK (FULL TESTIMONY) !! on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/7do-r-m94Sw\n\nWatch Korean Artist's experience in Hell ENGLISH NARRATION on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/7Za2aNU5344\n\nWatch Rev. Eddie Wiggins Testimony To Hell and Back on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/XCsBHFHjyBU
HAHAHAHAHA toooo funny!!! thankyou for the laugh! it's so good to see that things go wrong for others too!!
The spider looks so real it’s freaking me out 😖 even though the cake looks amazing 😭
if you wanna be my lover. .... oh my goodness, I am going to be humming that for the rest of the day now.😆...
hands down my favorite episode the singing and back seat caking make this too legit to quit. #backseatcaking
#50 On trending!! 😄😄 So glad I found this channel!
You honestly need more subscribers Josh
Ammmazzing... No words
#letbrandonsing
JJR, you so fine <3
the buttercream kinuf looks crunchy almost
Num
I LOVE HALLOWEEN!
I want your shirt 😂😁
LOLOLOL, those references. LOL dead. FRIENDSHIP NEVER ENDSSSSSs
Love it lol
Make a jack skelington cake!
stop singing LOL
Wow that's amazing
That one creepy looking spider...
Sub+. \nU guys r funny 😂😂😂
No recipe?
Omg. You guys are so funny. 😍
Nice Spider Cake!
great singing xD
Nice!!!
There were 5 Spice Girls.
The weak man is weaker together????/
Man rip super man that dude was my fav hopefully he comes back
imagine that 2 people in thumbnail fighthing each other in flashpoint.....
I'm intrigued but it almost looks too 'epic' if that makes sense. Like, this is right at the start of DCEU and it's computer game levels of destruction and chaos.
I AM SO EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE!!!!
Ok super stoked for this to come out but dam... u can tell most of this movie will be that cgi video game type background. Yes, I know saying cgi is to much in a superhero movie is kinda dumb, but it all kinda looks seriously like a video game. The avengers cgi to me, I don't know, looked more realistic. In batman v superman, when they were fighting doomsday, looked too fake. I hope I'm wrong cuz I'm D.C. All the way but dam, marvel is much better looking
Bit worried by all the CG porn.. hope the actors can hold this film together.
DC Haters apply burnol now. if you know what I mean:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
You can't save the world alone -  Uchiha Naruto
I have a theory, WHAT IF SUPERMAN IS THE VILLAIN?
Kingdom Come style artwork at the end? FORESHADOW???
LOL everyone's hyped just like they had for BvsS. This ain't gonna be better than the upcoming Thor movie and imagine when Infinity war comes, DC gonna get nuked! Ben Affleck as Batman is the worst. Ain't no better Batman than Nolan's Dark knight trilogy. period!
Just show superman already. Enough of the dream bullshit
The tone is a bit brighter in this trailer but not much.
I am so excited!!!!!!!!!!! Was that enough exclamation marks? Nah I need a few more. !!!!!!!!!!!
I can't wait for the movie to come out
Please dont show too much trailer, it'll ruined the shit for us
im so excited for this movie...i will be purchasing early tickets as soon as they are available.
Please don't show everything in the trailers
Obviously steppenwolf and his army will fight the amizons. What if he kills them all and at 1:55 he tells diana which is why she looks so angry and starts the fight with him.
We will send the money to pay the payment for the kids to make sure you guys are racist 😚! thanks again
so does this mean Superman is coming back or nah?
Is cyborg saying Barry at 1:52
Omg, Nick Dunne, you supposed to watch Amy at home. Otherwise she'll be going nuts and gone again like the last time!
who is the bad Guy ?
You are a bastard spawned from drunken lust. I am the incarnation of a Unified Hell.
Now i want teen titans live action
Now I like all the Green Lanterns. But I'm wondering which lantern they're going to have in this Universe. in all honesty, I'd like to see John Stewart as Green Lantern. Of all the lanterns I always thought his character was one of the most interesting and complex of the various Green Lanterns. But that's just my thoughts.
I've seen commercials for cereal with better cgi....
wonder woman has a lot of exposure and more lacking heroes
Joss Whedon coming in to save the movie
This felt so heroic, Can’t WAIT TO SEE MY SUPERHERO TEAM ON THE SILVER SCREEN
where is superman com on.
I'm wondering if god of war got to Superman's head  turned him bad cause in batman vs superman he had that dream and those same flying creatures where in it hmmm
Can't wait to see my boy Henry Cavill.
#15 trending in malaysia how about your country ??
Hit like if you think Justice League will be biggest blockbuster of the year .😎✌️🤘
Superman is not dead. I can feel it
Let's be honest, this looks 1000x better than The Avengers
You can't save them all. - Ultron
Hope the Ben affleck controversy doesn't hurt JL.
Without superman?
#teamgalgadot
Looks fucking awful.
waw...keren bangett!!!
https://youtu.be/fFYO-LlACLo
Hyped af !!!!!!!
Holier-than-thou Ben Buttman Affleck!
DC < Marvel
damn
My man
So much distribution...
GOOD!!
coming soon😘😘
Another disposable garbage kids movie
Pause at 0:02 Thnx me later!
CGI: The Movie
Wow 😀
My man
Amazing SOUNDTRACK!?
Avengers < Superman
nice nice nice
@2:27 😍😍😍
yg
we loose superman😢
like like like like
*MEHHHHHH*
a
aw! awesome!
Pops is dead
Back christian bale
wow,nice
2:03 me when playing minecraft skywars
my superman❤
HELL FUCKING YEAH
Who else paused on wonderwomen
🔥
Cyborg - Ride ain't over yet!\nAquaman - My N-word!
Great
Can't wait!!!!
😍😍😢😢
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FINALLY J.K SIMMONS IS GORDON YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Am i the only one who think this is gonna be boring AF! 😂😂😂
This looks like shit, what’s with another city getting destroyed and being engulfed in CGI
I love how people get all hyped when they see a trailer with a cool soundtrack and how they come back to bitch about the movie after they see it.
This looks like the worst movie ever
Wow. Can't wait for this to go straight to dvd
Ew. wonder woman Is So  Huge Weird Looking and Manly.
Skinny Chick Have Gutts !!!
So uh, batman....you're now being buttman...
Spoiler Alert: the video starts at 0:00 and it ends at 3:13
Ben Affleck makes a shitty batman. I'll Pass on this movie.
How tf did Khal Drogo end up being in the Justice League?
Does Ben Affleck also harrass women dressed as Batman?
While I really like the actor for Barry Allen, I kinda wish they had the same actor as the one in the DCEU tv series. I've just started watching the show, and I really like it, so I wish the movies would acknowledge shows like The Flash.
Wait what superman died
Khal Drogo and Gal Gadot 😍😍😍😍😍
I'll start by saying I'm not  an avid comic book movie watcher. I love film and the art form of film. But this movie looks exactly like every other generic blockbuster movie I've watched. same insect like baddies as avengers, same over the top focus on visuals rather than actual cohesive story telling (Thats more just Zach Snyder), I get that lots of people will like it simply because there fans of the franchise but I when will people stop going oooooooh ahhhhhhh to big explosions and cgi. This is why Michal Bay is rich people.
Ben affleck and that fuckface punk don't deserve to be Batman and The Flash...Facts
Why is Hollywood entertaining a State terrorist who worked with IDF who murdered our families by the name of Gal Gadot? This Hebrew Zionist is responsible for the deaths of many children, women, and men. They glorify killing and the United Nations, America, Europe, and now Hollywood turns the other side ignoring it. The same organs of democracy turn around and get angry when they are struck for supporting and funding State terrorism (United States gives Israeli $38 billion a year knowing very well that money goes to supporting more illegal settlements, funding IDF (Israeli Defense Force) that murders our family, and breaks international law and laws of the United Nations yet, not a single coalition is created to stop them. Now, this is very shameful of Hollywood who claims to support democracy, women's rights, and an end to genocide but they are promoting Gal Gadot, a person who killed before, worked with IDF, and is a state terrorist.
WHOS EXCITED TO WATCH US GROW IN THIS NEW HOUSE?!! 😍😍😍😍😍👩‍👩‍👦🌈🌹
dominic is getting sooooo big😭😻
I was kinda sad they left there other house but dang this house is so nice,  AND IT'S A FREAKING 1 STORY!
entrances & outrances lmao what
Okay. I cant get over the fact how loyal you two both are to each other. Y'all both have been together fpr 2-3 years, moved into a bomb ass house, got engaged,had a son, then move into another bomb ass house. Yall have the funniest little arguments but whem its ovet tell each other 'i love', you both make the craziest pranks on each other and you either get pissed or cry but in the end tell each other 'I love you' . yall can act totally ridiculous in public or not but never be embarrassed of each other. Yall both will do anything for each other amd it sets so much goals for people and its so inspiring.❤\nYall just keep doing what yall are doing cause you both dont know how much you impact on yalls fans and set huge examples for love. You both are the best parents dominic will ever ask for and you both are going to raise him so well!💕 #wilsonfamily
I love the fact the pool is gated, u guys really put wicky first
You gonna need a big remote control car to put him in to be able to get around in the big ass house!!! You's are blessed in everyway!! Love you's 💙💚💛💜❤
This house is fucking BEAUTIFUL 😩 and it's not even fully furnished yet
Wow! Beautiful house. CONGRATS! So happy for you guys. Can't wait to see how  everything looks when your finished fixing things up.
I like this house better then the other one they had 😄
lol when i seen domonic i look straight at his feet and said where is your other shoe??? lol i went straight into mommy mode lol im pretty sure other moms said the samething lmfaooooooo
Wow I love y'all new home 👏😘
This house is huge omg. 🔥😍😍#loveit.
This house is more  homey n  perfect for the 3 of u. The other one too big n unnecessary. ❤️
Beautiful house 🏡 \nYou guys are great and have a beautiful family:) god bless you guys \nLife. Laugh. Love....
I dead when Domo said this is my office 😂😂😂
it would be freaking fun to play hide and seek in your house, the new one
This house is humongous 😭🙌🏾😩😍
entrances and outrances.\ngirl issa damn exit 😂💀🙏🏼
domonic is gonna be sooo cute when he's a toddler playing around in his playroom
For that to be a one story house, it is hugeeeeeee omg😍😍😍😍and so pretty!
You guys have a beautiful home 🙏🙏🙏
Love the new house !!
love it so much brighter then the last
y’alls new house is BEAUTIFUL 😻😻
Even the pots are so extra 😂 fucking goals
You guys are so amazing I love watching y'all an seeing Dominic my kids run over whenever they hear him. Your house is beautiful you guys are doing such an amazing job. I look up to be here one day
Wicky is getting so big!! I love you guys and I'm so proud of y'all. Definitely my inspiration!❤
i would definitely help u remodel  im gonna go to college for interior designing and photography !
I'm so happy for yall . . This house is definitely 100 percent better for yall than the last one 💓💓💓
Domo and Crissy that house is so big but ( I love you guys) I watch y'all all the time.
The best house tour ever I like the pool the best bye
A bistro table would definitely work in that spot in your kitchen! Fancy, classy, and elegant for guests!
This house is lit AF ! ❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥
There house is so beautiful
I thought your guys' other house was beautiful but now y'all got this even more beautiful home geeeeez I'm so happy like if it's my house too 😭😍😍😍
these are the dreams I want... I freaking love Y'all so muchh-😍♥️♥️♥️♥️🙃
, Yesssss 😍❤️🙈 fuck it up !!! Love y'all
I love you guys I'm so proud of u guys 😍
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS !! I LOVE YOUR NEW HOUSE 🏡❤️ CAN’T WAIT FOR THE OTHER ROOM TOURS !! 😝 LOVE WATCHING YOU THREE ❤️❤️❤️
Domo: give this video a thumbs up before we start. \nMe: phsss already done. I always like before I watch
you guys are by far one of the most inspirational engaged couple 😩😩❤. i love your sense of humor, and how loving y'all are ❤ !
we got are strawberrys watermelon,   stop being racist 😂😂💀💀
I LOVEEEEE THE NEW HOUSE 😍😍
You Guys Are My Role Models.!!! 😍😍😍
I love your video 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️❤️😂😂😂🤑🤑🤑✌️✌️✌️🦄🦄🦄🍼🍼
The house is so prett😅😅😅
I shouldnt have watched this now I'm jealous But I'm so happy for them😢
Love the your home.. love your videos.. Beautiful family  God Bless You.. keep it up Ladies great job.. Baby Dominic is so handsome bless him..
Im so jelly..... I love your new house. Favorite part is your guys tub and pool. Love you guys
Such a nice house! I can’t wait to have my own
You guys are so blessed 🙏🏽🙌🏽
Couldn’t wait for this video!!!!!! I’m super excited and proud of you guys!!! I pray many blessings over your lives !!!!!
the tv is bigger than my house wtfff
That is a friggin' dream home!  Seriously GOALS 🌟🌟💛💛💛💛💛🌟🌟
Nice beautiful home love it!!!❤
Wickys play room and room be like his nursery reveal
Omg the new house is amazing ! I’m about to move my ass to Arizona and buy a house there 😩
Ur house is MEGA pretty😍love you guys so much 💞
Love the new house! Awesome pool!
Funny, I made some cabbage soup today and I just got done eating a bowl
That mirror is everything
Their house kinda seems like that Dj Khaled Video 😂
Your house is literally house goals! ❤️❤️
The house is amazing
Crissy’s hair has gotten sooo long 😍it’s so pretty
U DO NOT UNDERSTAND HOW HARD I LAUGHED WHEN DOMO ACCIDENTALLY SMACKED BABY DOMOS BELLY
i wnat to spend the night
OMG FREAKING GOSH!!! THIS IS #20 ON TRENDING.. CONGRATS ON THE NEW HOUSE 💖 LOVE YOU GUYS!!!! 🔥🦄💖😀
domonic look like a light skin version of domo lol
Congrats...boss chicks suppose to live LIKE A BOSS..YALL DESERVE IT😘😘😘💎\n\nWHØ LOVES YOU
You house has a loud echo😭that means it's hella big😍.
Here's Dominic's roo... I bet y'all are like really?🙄 why?🙄 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
he screams like a teenage girl Domo u too funny 😂😂😂😂😂😂 @Domo and Crissy
Love your new home!
Honestly the most cutest couple I've ever fucking scene holy shit i can't handle all this cuteness
This house is actually better than the last. Congratz on the move.
Domonic yelling in the background like “I’m in this video tooooooo!!!” Hahahahaha that shit had me dying!
that pool is amazing i can teach you to swim
Your house is beautiful
Domonic has that one show swag
Dope ass crib😍😍😍
Yoo,domonics shoe game better then mine😂
*domo talking* \nWicky:UUUUH UUUH UUUUH UUUUH UUUUH \n*me wanting attention*
❤️❤️❤️ love yall
Omggggggg love love loveeeeeeeee it im jelly ❤️❤️❤️
Yeah he just farted 💨😂😂
Congrats beautiful!!!
Love the house......😘😘😘🌻🌻
#HOUSEPARTY
im excited for domonic
Its trending
I really like this house so much better then the first one  congrats on it .
Congratulations
Domo is definitely losing weight ! 👍👍❤
What happened to the 🐶?? I haven't seen the dog 🐶
Yall got #20 in Trending❗️❗️❗️
Bro it’s trending
This house seems bigger than the other one
crissy looking goooooood as always 😍💕
Bruh Kendrick is on some other shit 🔥🔥🔥
is extras kendricks favorite world?
only came here for kenny
The City from the Game and Kendrick was superior.
I dont know when people gon realize Kendrick do what he want he just dropped a dope verse for Rapsody everything ain't gon be a control verse. Just know he can when called for
hook melody sounds like an old 50 cent
King Kendrick
DOPE Yg Hootie Feat. the King
That cover is a picture of George W. Bush who lived in Compton for 6 months.
HAVEN'T EVEN LISTENED AND I KNOW IT WILL BE FIRE
Snapchat anyone?
damn too hype way to hype
THE CITY FROM GAME MURDERS THIS NO SKI MASK
I wish they didn't add that echo to Kendrick's verse. It's hard to hear the last words.
I used to get YG Hootie and YG mixed up since they from Compton but this is a solid track. Y'all hating on the Kendrick verse? It isn't GOAT but its fairly solid. He did his thing.
haven`t even listening but i know kdot`s verse will be fire
This is ok but kdot need to rap more💯
This shit was gay af
I've been a mogul...,I am an enterprise
k.dot saved the track......
My nigga Kendrick
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Motivation
OU MAN, FIRST COMMENT
Brah the chorus is so simple yet so dope! btw Feel free to check out our reaction to this gr8 song over on our channel
GOAT
I'm a big Kendrick fan but I'm not feeling this. Usually Kendrick saves the track for me, not here.
Dope!
What is the sample? That sound at 1:13 reminds me of an old school Eazy-E song
Compton/Lynwood!!
okey
Trash i dont even want to smoke loud to this smh Kendrick going garbage juice #mytrueoption
🔥🔥🔥
why do I feel like caketendo would enjoy this
🔥🔥🔥 From the West Side!
FIRST, SECOND, THIRD AND FOURTH
Wow this is top notch artistry.😍 Are you katy, chrissy, shayla and karen gonna do another collab look this year? Last years was so unique
Wooooow freaking awesome!!!
Wow shook 😍😍❤️❤️❤️
Whoa!
Zombie tutorial
Booom
🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓
Yesssss Queen of Halloween
You're so talented!! 😍
OMG the patience i could have never would of had
Showed this video to my fiancé &’ all he said was “holy f** she got skills 😱”
You are so damn talented ❤️
Now that's talent💯
awesome video... best look i've seen yet this year
Omg your eyeliner 😍😍
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Wow your amazing agghh sooo talented 😳🙌
WOW !!!!!!!!   Creative Spooky ...Awesome job ♥♥
Llllloooovvveee it boo boo!! 😍😍😍
Were those gaping holes?
Love this!  !!!! 😱😍
Soooo damn scary
Wow just wow
A zombie smurf 😂😂😂😂😂
Thumbs up if you wished Katy & desi did weekly Vlogs 😭
Your paint colors are giving me Beetlejuice vibes! Such a creative look🔥🔥
Innnnnnnsane 😍😍😍
LOOOVE this :D
This is soooo goood
just wow
HOT FIRE  GIRL 💕🔥
this gave me Marc Minaj on instagram vibes
This look is fucking awesome
I can not believe you're going to do this alone. It's very difficult. no
This is pure talent 🙌🏼
I want to do this look with blonde hair and think I want to go for another color than this blue/green. What do you think could be a good color?
Desi do a maleficent halloween tut
So talented desi ❤️
Slayinggggg baby girl
Phuck. It. Up.
OH MAAA GAWD I AM SHOOOOOK
Great video!
THIS LOOK IS EVERYTHING! OMG the talent is surreal!!
Ur so talented, love u 😍😍😙
Awesome!! Where are the contacts from?!
YASSS Desi! Can you do your take on like a Dumbo/Elephant (cute or scary) inspired Halloween look? I haven't seen one like that, and I feel like it would be a challenge that you would kill!
My god you are the hottest demon ever!
You’re so talented! And u always do such unique Halloween makeup tutorials! 👏🏼🎃🖤
Loved it. On point for Halloween 👻
I wanna get the girls and mirame soooo bad😭😭😭 but I'm visiting my family in LA next month and this 22 years old Mexican student girl is paying the flights and everything by herself, I don't have the money for this last restock, I BEG YOU pleaaasseee let me have another restock so I can save money and get these gems😍😍 please please from the bottom of my heart, dollars aren't cheap giiirl and I'm my own sugar daddy
Where did you get the contacts 😭
this reminds me of the taurus zodiac sign
This is the most impressive Halloween Make Up I've ever seen so far, incredibly gorgeous. I love how chill you are and not all hyped screaming all over the place like most youtubers, definitely subscribe 👍
Can I just say it was freaking the hell out of me while you just spoke casually in the Intro with them white eyes 👀👀👀
I love Madeyewlook I’ve been watching her for so long now she’s so good!\n\nLove this video desi your so super talented!!!
It's actually scary
this is just flawlesssss
omg i love it I'm so gun try and re create this look this halloween !!! <3
I’m sorry. I had to exit out of the video I was watching to watch this. This is weirddddd
Favorite videos of the year
I love you Desi!!! Hands down to you loveeeeee 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😭🎃🍁🍂
OMG YOU SLAYYYYYYYYYY
Ricegum took the L
You always kill it!!!!❤️❤️ love it
I’ve been waiting for desi to do a Jessica rabbit Halloween makeup tutorial so bad!!! She could slay it soooo bad, just imagine her doing her intro video!!😍😍😍😍😍
Any small you-tubers? Sub me and I'll sub back 😊😊
This is so amazing and creative!
Your blue skin reminds me of that pretty blue lady off Beetlejuice! Haha you never fail to amaze me Desi!! So talented! Love you <3
Watching this video before bed was NOT a good idea 😰 but you are amazing!
AMAZING!! but where did u get those contact lenses? and are they easy to use????
I love how you look at yourself like I DID THAT 😏🤣
 the bigger the better  , that's what she said!!  * michael scott voice *
Hi there. I was recently married this past weekend and all of my wedding presents along with my personal items (including some items from your dose of colors collection) were stolen :( do you know if you guys will be relaunching soon?
This is amazing! But where can i get the white contacts???
this is absolutely outstanding
how long did it take you to film this? lol
I love this Halloween look! You look awesome!! It’s scary yet still cute at the same time!!
I loved it just like every other tutorial you do.You’re my favorite YouTuber .Te amooooo ❤️❤️❤️ 🐓🍗
I've been a subbie of Madeyelook way before I found your channel. When it comes to special effects and body art, Lex is super talented! \nLove you both! 💕
YASS omgggggg i LOVE this !!! keep these Halloween videos coming girl <3
You look amazing!!! Even as a Demon :D
This look is BOMB... I was going to try and recreate the  one you did last year but this one is BOMB!!! Also where did you purchase the contacts? Im looking for these but im scared to buy any cheap ones.
I’ve been waiting for this from Instagram ! ♥️♥️♥️
YOU ALWAYS DO THE BEST HALLOWEEN MAKEUP TUTORIALS!!!!!!
She’s naturally very beautiful~!
NEXT LEVEL SCARY I LIVE FOR THIS SHIT
Do you have the launch date for dose of colors??
has anyone noticed?That desy always talk?like she is asking a question?
always killing it love!!!!!!!!!! you are something truly special and deserve every blessing coming your way!!! muahhz!!!! te amo! xoxo
the intro was cool
This is so sick, I'd feel like a badass walking into the Halloween party like that😈☠️ amazing🙌🏼
OMG desi you are sooo fucking talented I love you❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
This is ridiculous I'm in love holy crap
You are so talented ❤️
Desi you always have the best Halloween looks ! My favorite time of the year, it’s nice to see this whole other level of artistry ❤️
DESI'S HALLOWEEN LOOKS ARE THE BEST
I’m just over here thinking about the receptionist on BeetleJuice. 👏🏻👏🏻 Living for this look...or dying.
Talent !! \nBut I need to know what is your ear piece ?? I need it ! Lol
i love you so much, i want to meet you one day. your halloween makeup looks are hands down the best i've ever seen. you are true talent & just so pure inside & out. you honestly inspire me! i love you mom! 😭😭💛💛💗💗
Awesome work desi!!! you should do a tut on looking like a chicken jajaja
To clarify: I never said I was definitely returning it (or the company took it back), I said we'll see if they let me! as a joke, knowing I've done a lot of stuff in it and also made a video documenting me doing those things, implying that they would definitely not let me return it. Sorry if that didn't come across or if anyone got confused! xox
hey safiya! what do you do with all the left over clothing from these videos? x
Next time you find something ridiculous and ridiculously expensive you should colab with Annika Victoria! She has a whole series called Make Thrift Buy where she recreates stuff like this!!!
Her wearing the jacket reminds me of number 3 from knd
you left buzzfeed yet still do the same kind of content you did in buzzfeed. i dont know if it is sad or sad.
I'm not saying that I'm good enough to be hired, but I'm definitely good enough to do it for free...    That's what he said...\nIt's nice to have the family all together again... ....meaning you're setting us all up for the monstrosity babies to come?  EEE-GADS  BATMAN !!!     Hippie squidlings aboud !!!
You could cut the sleeves to your arm size and pull out the hemms to make it distressed\n\n\n\nOr you could buy one less than $700
I guess that's one of the perks of making it to your 30s; not being bamboozled by clothing.
I'm sorry but I cant get over the fact that you ate/held pizza WITH A $700 DOLLAR JACKET
Why did the disney outfit actually look good\nwhyy and howw did this work
I would run around slapping people if I owned that.
I love your videos! I would love to see you review the Tattoo Junkie Lip Kits, they are really interesting. https://www.tattoojunkee.com/whatever-lip-color
Maybe we are over this already but we have to get Saf to wear the CLEAR BRA I just saw on SheIn! Sounds awful but I have to know.
Am I the only one that ended up loving this at the end?
Anyone know what dress she's wearing at 9:00 ??
I love her dancing lol😂😂😂
My daughter spent some time with you on a Hollywood trip (Stanford) I remember her telling me about a Safiya, but I didn’t realise it was you! I love what you’re doing here. Good luck and bless you!
Your outfits are always so cute please make look books!
U should try clothes from zaful they have some cool stuff
she could literally wear anything because....she's gorgeous, great personality too, I like this channel. Subbed.
Sooo not only is it the ugliest..its also the most expensive???!!!!!.....
You could use the sleeves as pants
I hated this jacket at the beginning of the video but it actually grew on me as the video went on. I'd wear one, definitely not worth $700 though. The sleeves just look like so much fun!
YESS, I REMEBER IN SimplyNailLogical's channel to beautycon you wearing it w/ her in a photo! I've been waiting! ❤😂😍
the pic of you and ty on splash mountain so actually so cute!!!
I literally burst out laughing when you said you visited a friend and started mimicking the tube guy outside the car lot 😂🤣
if rihanna wears it everybody will want it
You look like you belong in The House of Flying Daggers :'D
Does anyone know where she got the light pink shoes?? The ones with the cut in the middle... they're so beautiful
when safiya went to the car dealer place to meet friend i cracked up so bad
It’s a straitjacket.
when ben kept on looking over at Saf LMAO I LOST IT
She can wear anything and pull it off lol
Your hair looks so nice even after all the wind and dancing!
Wtf was it 700 dollars wtf is wrong with the fashion industry like no normal person would want to wear that like u would be tripping over all the time either I'm on lsd or I snorted a bunch of coke or and I quote this jacket is fucking real wtf is this world coming to
She should do a video where you wear clothing from Zodiac clothing accounts on instagram where they show like a zodiac sign and they show an outfit for than sign to wear! Just an idea😂
It's £30 in the UK aka in america 700 bucks !!!!
Finally something that isn’t too short for my moms liking
You should have strangers pick out food for each part of a meal that you have to end up eating with Tyler
9:58 ......Safiya flashed lmao😂 idk why I noticed that...... Could be because I have no life apart from Youtube.......
I love the history lesson you give with your fashion videos
You remind me of the gabble show
You should try the Steam powered hair straightener that is being advertised on Facebook and see if it actually works.
10:42 It's like.. which one's worse? 🤣
I feel like this is what most girls would be like if they had a penis for a day.... just swinging it around.... lmao
You spent 700$ for us?! I have tears in my eyes coz even my parents would never have done that I love you Safiya you’re amazing ❤️
i took the jacket to see a friend . .... ok
You should do a video where you wear all those outfits together for a day
I really loved your black dress
I Wore The Ugliest Jacket In The World For A Week, halfway drops some history on ya, son!
When she started impersonating the car dealership air men I died! Saf got me WEAK!
Off topic: does anyone know what kind of purse Cristine was carrying? It's gorgeous and I love it!
You could've asked Annika Victoria to make this jacket for less than 700 $
It would be cool if you did a video about all the stuff you've bought for your past videos and whether or not you still use them in your everyday life.
This made me cackle oh my god
You look like a blue mr tickle
You have to be either Mr. Fantastic, Plastic Man, Elongated Man or Elastic Girl in order to wear that jacket 😂
You just went to Disney for the night?! Lol
You were adorable in this video Saf!!! You obviously had so much fun with it, and i think i probably would too if I owned that jacket LOL
Should have worn them as pants
lol @9:58 when they blurred out the booty bc her dress went up!! love your vids Saf!
It's pronounced net a portey
I CANT BELIEVE U SPENT 700 DOLLARS ON A JACKET THAT SLEEVES WERE TOO LONGGGGGGGG
I actually love this
Please do a house tour! :) I got a glimpse of it from shane's video. It's wonderful!
You should try the glasses from Gentle Monster next. \nJoan, a vlogger in Korea actually mention you in a vlog saying you should try it on too! (it's at 6:44) https://youtu.be/LCmxG1cPrWw
To be fair to the people who got all antsy about her returning it even though she didn't, it was pretty heavily implied throughout the video that she was going to - like saying she'll be sad to part with it and keeping the returns label on all week. Love your videos Saf I'm just saying I get where they were coming from haha
I love this! I thought it was over and the BAM she brought the last outfit 😂
Im watching this while I should be getting ready for school 😂
How different are American dollars to Australian dollars? Are they worth more or less? I’m Aussie and a lot of the items in your videos are really cheap compared to over here, so I’m kinda interested as to how big of a difference there is. Or if America is just cheap.
Guys I just made slime with homemade ingredients on my channel. Check it out it was so cooooool.....
Pleaseeee do a i styled my outfit blind folded for a week video
I only have one like😞
You should try to buy the complete looks, how to wear, that pinterest suggests😊
I love how Saf entertains us and gives us a history lesson while doing it
Yay
i'm edward denium-hands i'm fucking ded
Do a collab with Alisha Marie or cloecoutuore
I'm Edward denim-hands
https://www.forever21.com/us/shop/Catalog/Product/f21/sale_women/2000269443.  Girl!!!!! 😱😱😱😱 plastic boots!!!!!
YOU SHOULD BUY EBAY MYSTERY BOXES
Namjoon's seaweed dance
9:58 SAF!
haha
Dad bod fanny pack! You're welcome!
SOFIA NIGGARD
Trender man
Mulan 😂
F R I E D CHICKEN PANTS
I need this!!!!
Mr. Stealy 🤔
Love her confidence😍
How are you so funny? Fave Youtuber handsdown.
Freaking hilarious awesome video👍🏻
That's scary.
Hilarious.
Makes people look like a whacky inflatable arm flailing tube man 😂
5:25 I totally died laughing 😂
Love u safiya so much
One cannot become better
I liked the part where Kylo Ren tells Rey, Wow you are The Last Jedi. Sorry I killed your dad, Luke Skywalker.
The Mesh Thing as you call it, is most likely a Bacta (Star Wars Magic Medicine) patch used for healing wounds on the go, since this movie is supposed to take place right after the last one according to the director. I'm guessing he is feeling like a failure after his loss to Rey and wants to get right back out there in the fight and slaps it on his face instead of going home to lick his wounds for a while. Then by the end of the film, it will come off. Think future face grow back bandaid.
The scar looks like some Kevlar tape bought from Amazon stuck on his face.
Trailer reactions are silly, you are so right. Most of them should be called trailer overreactions.
Last shot of Kylo, could be from the flashback at Jedi academ wood-shop failure. And Kylo stoic? I don't know your humor, was that sarcasm or confusion, cuz everyone calls him emo Kylo. :)
the mesh is a space bandage.
I think it's just a space band-aid on his face
How funny, you are silly, and cute, but a little silly, I think I mentioned that already, not sure I trust those porgs though, what someone else called an egguin, a term I like, but I can't wait to see the movie, mesh scars and all, force be with you.
Jenny, is your left sleeve okay?
I thought it was a space band-aid
You're trying to say figuratively blind. Watching Archer helps.
Torn between avoiding the trailer and watching this video.\n\n*Finally breaks down and watches this video*
It baffles my mind people watch this...
You are so perfect, and I would, still, say that if I could only hear you on the radio,...... or something stupid like that.
who cares if he has a gold robe? What's the big deal? What's to dislike? It may be part of his character development. Who cares. The nitpicking about every little thing is getting to the point that I just can't watch this type of crap anymore. There's NOTHING of value in these videos. Just people doing absolutely nothing, saying absolutely nothing, talking shit about things they'll never come close to accomplishing themselves and so what the fuck is the point? You watched a trailer that we also watched, wow, guess we need a video about it? What's going on in the world? Why are we all choosing entertainment that's duller, less interesting, has less substance and doesn't bring anything new to anything. That's our world today. Watching people watch other videos and then bitch about them. WTF!?
I love the Porgs too
I was a huge fan of the part when the Porg opened up his mask only to reveal another Porg saying, Now, I am The Last Jedi.
I assumed it was a bacti strip to accelerate healing and minimize scarring. If that's the case, then he's obviously wearing it at the beginning of the movie, which is when I think the space battles take place.
If Luke and Anakin can get robot hands that look like normal hands why can't kylo ren get his scar repaired or pull a handsome Jack and have a hologram over it
She is so weird and awkward...yet I still want to bang her.
I HAVE SCREWS IN MY LEG, TOO!!
Finally. An honest trailer reaction. I'm glad you didn't cry when you heard Luke speag. Or scream like a porg at the end shot. Or surmise the entire plot from a 2 minute clip of film that might not be in the film.
Yippee, another star wars movie. I can't wait to be disappointed by another average movie hyped to infinity.
Are you underage, why all the fluffy toys?
I can't find last week's millennial falcon. when are you gonna release it Jenny?
The Porg marketing for children is clearly working.
If I wrote the new trilogy I would see the OT events as WW1 and this new one as WW2. The Empire being Nazi Germany. \n\nStar Wars would be like basically what would happen if humanity colonized most of the galaxy 1000 years ago and the the events shown in the movies are the 20th century but set against the whole galaxy background not just earth.
It's not there the whole time.
I'm thinking that's going to be the same question most people will have when they walk out of the theater for ep8, too. Was Rose even in this? On the other hand we probably wont, because no one really cares.
You nailed it on Snoke!  Hard to take seriously!
So why did Luke (nor anybody else) not go after the punk and kill or capture him after he killed all the trainees?  Nope.  Luke just turned into a pussy and went into hiding for 30 years? Where were all the ghosts of Yoda, Obi Wan or whatever couldn't have been there to warn Luke when the danger was there?  Was Luke just the only Jedi training and running that center?
I like this video! You do sound more honest than the majority out there, and the part that you laughed because of how Snoke looks made me smile. :)
your poor boyfriend, his eyes must hurt all the time. ;)
One theory I don't see anyone talking about online the I believe the trailer confirms is that Kylo has an oedipus complex. He killed his father and then he goes right after his mother! Star wars is based on mythology so this must be what happens! #Leilo #KyLeia
You are amazingly awkward...it's very engaging for a channel, good job.
omg I don't know what is cuter you or the porg plushie :O I WANT THAT PLUSH!
You’re my new favorite person. I’m really animated when reacting to trailers. I literally threw my shoe across the room when it showed Kylo’s hand on the trigger. Then I screamed at the tv, “OMG! Are they going to show Kylo?” Before full on pterodactyl screeching and shouting, “I KNEW IT!!!!” There were other people in the room. We’re all atheists, but I’m pretty sure they wanted to call the exorcist.
I know this chick is trying to be funny but um, yea.
Yes, trailer reactions are silly. But they make sense in internet nerd-town - what are they if not an excuse to add more 'content' to a thinly-veiled vanity channel and just blurt 'I LOVE THIS' and 'I HATE THIS', trying to impress upon the world nothing opinions, vaporware inner-ramblings, piggy-backing search engines, and overdocumenting every single dribble and fart, to the point where you can no longer discern things of merit and value?\n\n Which is funny.
You are just TOO COOL!! \n\nHOW can anyone else even STRIVE to attain your level of COOLNESS?! \n\n\nKeep being humble chick!! 👍
think they won’t say porg in the movie as a call back to not saying Ewok?
Oh no i don't want poe to be evil :((((
Is this comment section replacing Red Letter Media's comment section?
hey jenny are you single?
PLEASE MAKE OUT WITH THE PORG ON YOUR NEXT VIDEO!
The whole flick is a comedy!
You bring back my faith that there still are some normal star wars fans out there. Thank you.
*gasp
I like your Kylo Ren doll. I especially like his Rey T shirt!
Well I guess I was overreacting when I watched it cuz I was HYPE. I try not to over hype these movies too much but i love the fuck out of Star Wars. So yeah I did screech like a retard when I saw Snoke and Luke.
I got mad 'Goldmember' vibes on Snoke when i paused it on him by chance, I love GOOLLLLLLDDD came to mind.
Jenny is the antithesis of Mike Zeroh.
Btw this looks like a cam girl room... from what I've heard from other ppls experiences 😂
Im a pretty anime fox :D
Kylo's scar is awesome. I think of it as part of this recurring thing where being sith = becoming a cyborg. But he's this kinda young modern sith with nice hair so instead of getting an iron lung suit or robot spider legs he's got this kind of low-key brillo-patch on his ronin face cut.
BB-9e will most likely be in the actual movie this time due to how much they have promoted him outside of the toy market, including animated shorts.
Can you hold up the porg next to your face, there's a similarity!\n\nI thought that Kylo was just wearing a sticky plaster with little TIE fighters on it.
Is comedic genius in your genes? You never fail to crack me up, and I'm as cynical as it gets. You rock, Jenny.
This was the worst Last Jedi trailer reaction, which makes it...Awesome. You rock Jenny!
She reminds me of the babysitter from The Incredibles.
The black thing on the scar is probably a way to heal it.\n\nHe will probzmably wear it only in the beginning of the movie
AT-ST!\nAT-ST!\nAT-ST!\nAT-ST!\nAT-ST!\n\nIT BROKE NEW GROUND!!!!!
0:30 A teen's first attempt at finding the g-spot.
What do you mean no reactions anymore to new Star Wars trailers!! 🤔 ... Another 2 months 🤣 ... and then ... 🎫😂
Noticed how Rey looks so awkward swinging a lightsaber! I think a lightsaber has no weight, they probably realized this w the originals and created that ball to shoot lasers at Luke so he wouldn’t look retarded.
I think it's a dark side band aid.
You guys know that carbon fibre was over his scar right? It's not prosthetic, it's probably a band-aid. you can see scenes with just a scar on his face in the same trailer.
Why were you fondling poor Porgs eyes while watching it!!!
i do not do reaction
Your mother has a screw in her leg?  She is more machine now, than mother. Twisted and evil.
Your reaction was cool, seriously. But Tyrone Magnus was better ijs
That stuff is not under Kylos skin I don’t think. It looks likes a band aid almost
It's not fun watching someone complain about entertainment
Make a video about  Andy Signore.
If you really want to see cringe reactions in their purest form, type ComicBookCast2 trailer reactions. The guy who does those reactions is like Tommy Wiseau of trailer reactions.
I love you.
+Jenny-- I haven't watched yet. Click, pause, this comment. You are my only star wars source. Stworce. (Tm) the other pre tenders, see that?, get confused with the Schwartz, and muck it up.  You rock in galaxys near and far, times past and time not yet from now. Now i'll watch.  See? Rea's swim qualifier. Boom!   I'm dead serious Stworce is TM. You may borrow it with blessings.  Ps, Who is playing Snoke? Larry Hagman?  Or playdoe and CGI?
I would be very interested to see your analysis of the Steven Moffat era of Doctor Who, if that's something you are familiar with. Although it may be too much of a complete mess to even attempt analyzing...
You are special 💗
#PorgLife
I didnt know they made Porg vibrators.
Mark Hamill resents your comments about face reconstruction.
Disco Snoke lol
It was bandaid
Reaction starts at Never:Clickbait
LOL
Aye we got the same laptop lmao
Mr Sunday Movies does this better.
God I hate you
I clapped when I looked at the comment section and everyone said they clapped, because I know that reference too!
I'm so sorry to admit this, but I fap to Jenny all the time.
The thing I love the most about this trailer is how this movie proves that people who look bad are evil.  Hot people good.  Ugly people bad.   I'm pretty sure that's from Animal Farm, right?  He's got a scar.  F*CK THAT GUY!
Also quit Shitting on trailer reactions. People like the crew at Blind Wave, for instance,  work very hard on their content, know their stuff, are intelligent, and their responses show this. People want to see fans like THEM react to things they are equally fans of, as well as hear their subsequent opinons on the matter. Your invalidation of this is very narrow.
hmm...mighta been best that this video wasn't done.  But then I did enjoy the Kylo Ren with Rey shirt on.
Yeah! The Production Designers, creators, writers, and Director thought it would be a great idea to have the mesh scar thing to... challenge cosplayers??? In the last movie he had his face sliced in half... like deep deeeep cuts. Thats just a space band-aid, Im sure it wont last more than one scene.
Jenny...you have to understand that most of the people making Star Wars reaction videos are fucktard posers who are just trying to ride the geek wave to get views and likes (I'm looking at you Collider).
The only The Last Jedi Trailer Reaction you need.. *to avoid*
why does ray have a british accent it's kind of undignified
Wonder what Andy made her do to get her show. Didn't like it I guess with a lot of other people no season 2. Don't like her condescending attitude
Wow. This is pretty obnoxious.
When I was around 13, the meaning of food suddenly and rapidly changed. I realized that I didn't look like every other girl and the idea hasn't really ever left my mind. I am not comfortable with people commenting on anything that I eat, I eat emotionally and when I'm not hungry. I prefer to eat by myself, and when I am around other people I'm very aware about how much everyone else is eating compared to me and if anyone says anything at all about my food that could be seen as negative, I lose my appetite and don't want to eat anymore. I struggle everyday with my feelings towards food, but hearing people talk about how they got over their issues with food helps me a little in trying to fix whats going on inside my head.
I admire you so much....i am 69, and been vegan for 9 months and have lost 47 pounds.  I wish i had figured out some of these things when i was your age.  You rock!
Eurgh I love you. Thank you so much for you being you!! 🍄
I found a lot more things that I would eat at others peoples houses too!
Going vegetarian has made me be way less of a picky eater. I am way more willing to try new foods.
thank you for this video keira, you're the best!!
Can I just say you are look absolutely stunning!!!! Thank you so much for this video. I’ve been struggling with food and my since I had my son 9 months ago, I’m vegetarian but because I’m so busy with my son and work I find it easier to just eat crap like a bag of crisps. But your video has inspired me to eat more fruit and vegetables and home cooked meals.
Aw Kiera! Thank you so much for sharing your story. Though you and I had different journeys (duhhhh different people), I feel exactly the same about veganism. It was like as soon as I started eating vegan, all the other problems I had went away. I stopped wanting to be thinner, restricting, calorie counting and just eat whatever I want, when I want. Everyone’s always saying how good I look physically, though I do regularly exercise now too. If you want any tips on how to get the ball rolling on exercising on the reg pls let me know. Sending love to you and Alex xx
Veganism changed my relationship with food too! And I'm so grateful to you for recommending the minimalist Baker as I can finally cook 😂. After hating exercise my entire life I have now joined a kickboxing gym and the impact it has had on my mental health is amazing. I feel the best I've ever felt, a workout works better than any anti depressant I've ever taken and I can't believe it!
I would have never known this side to you💭 thanks for sharing🙂 You are definitely one of the reasons why I started thinking more about vegan choices/ meals, and why I one day want to transition completely into that eating lifestyle !x
I really struggle trying to be Vegan and working full time 😔😔
Your arms are huge and fingers are fat. No wonder you’re wearing black.
Nothing better, or healthier, than a delicious, juicy sirloin steak from a 7 week+ hung side of beef.
I love your food videos ! They motivate me so much to eat better & to cook more & I love seeing meal ideas !
<3
I ❤️ you so much Kiera ❤️❤️
What a brilliant video Kiera, huge respect for you for opening up about something so personal. I’ve had huge up and downs with food and my weight and have chronic ibs which makes things even more difficult! Have been wanting to go vegan myself for a long time but with ibs it’s extremely difficult and I haven’t found a way yet. Our relationships with food are such a complicated thing and the focus is always on weight loss above everything so thank you for talking about it from a different angle.
I too find it so hard  to motivate myself to exercise! It'd be great if you could share your journey when you get started ... it really is a mountain to climb ... Does Alex exercise? It's lovely he became vegan with you. Thank you for your videos!
I don't eat fruit. I eat pretty much all veg, but can't get over the fruit mental block :( hopefully one day
I adore you. And I love your what-i-eat-in-a-day videos so much more than most others, because they include a variety of foods of all kinds.
Thank you for producing such an honest video about food. I too had a big problem with textures of food growing up and it is nice to hear someone talking about it! I completely agree than Minamilist Baker is a life saver - has opened my eyes as well. I have only been vegan for 4 months now and have been enjoying getting to know you through your channel. It takes a lot of courage to go online and talk about these things and I really respect you for having the confidence to do so.
I didnt get my weight loss ca. 1,5 years after I went vegan. All the other people mentioned it to me and they still do. Sure, I realized I could downsize my wardrobe here and there in the sizes I needed to buy. I still don't weigh myself. That's what I stopped since I moved out from my parents house. Avery helpful video. Thank you Kiera. All the love. <3
Wow this helped me a lot and opened my eyes. I'm vegetarian and I stress over a lot and I found myself gaining weight rather then losing it. Then again my diet isn't the greatest.. but you've inspired me. I honestly always wanted to go vegan and I will get there one day but thanks for inspiring me!❤️❤️❤️
Just found you through this video loved it I wish I wash brave enough to talk about weight mental health and veganism on youtube but I love watching videos about it 💗
I think your food videos are really awesome! You show that you can eat what ever tasty food you want when you go vegan and you're not hard on your self and you show it for what it is, delicious! Anyone who's is vegan and promoting it is admirable. Not everyone needs or wants to be a health guru. You do you!! You're doing great work.
oh my god, thanks a lot for sharing.
Veganism is so beneficial in so many different ways!\n\nLoved this video <3
You look So gorgeous in this video!
Thank you for sharing this, Kiera!\n\nI used to struggle with eating disorders and when I'm in a bad place in my life, they would come back to haunt me. I recently made a big decision of following a long oppressed dream (becoming an artist) and everything immidiately clicked in place, including my relationship with food. I feel like eating disorders are often (at least for me) only the symptom of something else, something that - as you said - cannot be put into words, cannot be understood. So the ED becomes a cooping mechanism.\n\nRealizing this and turning my life around helped a great deal. Also educating myself on food in general and cutting meat and most of processed food out of my diet made me awere of my health more. Following you here and watching your food related videos always make me feel more confident and happy! :D I'm not vegan, but I love how you show the world that veganism is not some kind of elite lifestyle for the priviliged, but something normal that can be enjoyed by anyone. :) Thank you! ^^
My cat came to sit with my when I clicked on your video. Kind of sweet :)\nI (like so so so many others) have struggeled with food from a young age. I'm 29 and I'm still not OK with it, but since going vegan it's gotten better. I focus more on health than on weight and slowly but surely I think I'm actually heading somewhere :) \nThank you so much for sharing. You're such a wonderful and inspiring human being xx
Self defence classes? Hell yeah, become more like Xena!
I love this. I relate to this so much and I can say right now, my relationship with food is not the greatest. No one would even consider me fat but I was very overweight when I was younger and I still tend to feel like a little fat girl this was inspiring.
I had a very similar experience with food, I hadn't eaten onions until I was about 17 and only tried courgettes this year! I do not like a lot of food textures and I have a lot of food aversions! It was really nice listening to someone else talk about this The environment I grew up in wasn't good, and I was fed nothing but chicken nuggets and chips and other freezer food, when I moved in with my other parent at 14 it was mad, I'd never really seen fresh vegetables in my home before that and it's been such a long journey to start eating properly and enjoying food! Cooking is a big part of my life now and I also find it very therapeutic! I recently got into exercising, an I've been doing the wii fit aha, retro I know, but it's nice exercising when nobody can see you!
Thank you for this video. My eating disorder history is different but it is nice to see that you have gotten better and made progress. Seeing you talk about it and how it got easier is really encouraging.
Thank you so much for this video. I'm on my own journey to resolving my life long issues with exercise and food and it is so inspiring to see someone who has gone through simillar struggles and has come so far. No matter how many videos I watch of super healthy exercise and diet people I watch I never know where to begin but your channel actually makes it seem possible. Thank you for showing me that I'm not alone.
Ah I’m so proud of you! (And Alex!) thank you for sharing this with us 💕 you’re so amazing and definitely continue to inspire me. I’ll forever love your videos, super chill and feels like I’m hanging with my friend ❤️ (I’ve stuck around since your red hair days! And your pink/ purple fringe and blue hair days lol) so glad you’ve stuck with YouTube. Thank you 😊 much love 💕
This video made me tear up. Your story is very similar to mine, wow. I did eat more of a variety of foods at home as a child, but still did a lot of overeating. The part where you talk about being a great student but still dreading school, being very introverted, wondering why you couldn't be like the other kids, was me as well. I'm in the process of making the switch to vegetarianism right now. Two months in, and I thought it would be hard, but I've been figuring out lots of recipes that I love which makes it easier every day. ❤️ (And trying to refrain from putting cheese on EVERYTHING 😅.) Anyway, thank you for sharing your story. ❤️
Thank you for talking about it. It is really meaningful for me.
I've been subscribed to you for years now. I relate to you on so many levels. This video however just blew my mind. Our stories are so unbelievably similar. Thank you for  being brave enough to share your experiences. And thank you for normalising and demistifying veganism as much as you do. You, and your videos, are very much appreciated ❤️
you're hair looks amazing!!! it really compliments your face <3
I don't know if you will get to read this because there are so many comments already! I really relate to what you're saying, I was underweight because I couldn't eat when I was stressed, which was all the time pretty much. I struggled with food because of textures too! Also, when I started up a relationship, with who is now my husband, everything changed for me. He was so encouraging and ate so many different foods, and there was no pressure to like them. If I didn't like a vegetable he would ask why and find something else I might get on with, or suggest cooking it in different ways like roasting broccoli for example. I don't eat perfectly but feel so much healthier, I'm happy with my weight and have alot more confidence in myself. My point being that you've done amazingly, and I can really appreciate the progress you've made
Maybe try trampolining classes for fitness? Could be really fun and a great throwback!
Thank you for making this video Keira! \n\nyour food videos have always been a big help to me, reminding me how important it is for me to be chill about food, eat that ice cream, try that fake cheese ect \nveganism has also done so so much for me in repairing my very broken relationship with food
I so know the feeling. For years I've been struggling with weight loss my weight going always up an down. That is until almost 10 months ago I went vegeterian and like you said tried out a lot of new foods like lentils or all kind of veggies. Sure enough without even  focusing on it I slowly over the months lost some weight. I don't really like the scale so I only noticed It when my clothes especially pants felt looser and people started mention it. It really is a feeling from within it just feels right. A healthier mind got me a healthier body that I'm slowly accepting for what is :) - loved hearing of your story and experience. You show food in a very natural and easy way that I think a lot of people understand better myself included 😊
I can relate to this so much I've grown up as the most awkward fussy eater, my mom would always cook me my own separate dinner without any veggies in cause I hate certain textures. It's got so bad that me and my partners friends won't invite us out to certain restaurants because they worry I will not be able to eat anything on the menu 😞 I feel like I really need to be open minded to trying new foods especially fruit and veg. I'm really glad you did this video it made me feel like I'm not the only one who has food struggles ❤
Great video! I was also a very plain picky eater as a kid (only ate white food i.e. Chicken and potatoes) so I can relate a lot! I started being more adventurous with food (also as a result of meeting my boyfriend) and now I love trying new things my family are constantly amazed at the change 😜😜 have you tried any recipes from Monami Frost's vegan cookbook?
You look extremely beautiful always. and i think you are a great person
Thanks so much for sharing your journey with us! :) \nI felt the same when I went vegan - I lost some weight, but I gained a whole new world of delicious food, compassion, knowledge and I feel the best I've ever felt - the weight is just a thing that happened along side that!
Great video! It was so interesting to learn more about your lifestyle. Thanks for sharing. :)
Thank you for sharing your story. It is a brave thing to do and it's a brave thing to share what you eat to the world especially if you've struggled with food in your lifetime because people can be really brutal online. Here you are not hiding behind a veil like the people who judge you are and putting yourself out here and it's really inspiring. I love to hearing that despite the judgement you recognize your own personal achievements like eating a variety of foods. I can't tell you how much this really does help. You seem like such a sweet person and I really enjoy your videos and hope you enjoy inspiring others with what you make.
Thanks for sharing your journey! Sorry you suffered a traumatic event that affected you so adversely! Just look at how far you’ve come!! Be kind to yourself!! Love your channel!
Veganism has also changed my life! It's so lovely when things fall into place. Thanks for sharing your story. It resonated with my own story so much.
At 21 years old I’ve never met or even heard anyone else being so ‘fussy’ with food like me. For as long as I can remember I’ve struggled with the textures of food and in consequence have a really basic diet, also being vegetarian that doesn’t even eat fruit and veggies is practically unheard of lol. It’s so reassuring hearing that you’ve managed to overcome this your self and gives me hope for the future that I can do this myself
Awww Kiera. I still remember asking if you were vegan a long while ago and you said you weren't yet. Your journey is amazing. So many animals saved. You look so beautiful , you always have quite frankly...oh and the grown out fringe definitely becomes you! <3 from Long Beach, CA USA
Food has controlled my life. I've always been an over eater. After lots of therapy I realised I was an emotional secret eater. It stemmed from my parents break up and propelled by an abusive relationship.\n\nI'd found myself having secret weekends of eating. I had a process; all takeaways, eaten from the tubs (eating from the plate made it 'real food') and then throwing it in the outside bin. I would be on the verge of vomiting. After 48 hours of snap out of it and spit out my food and go back to normal.\n\nI gained so much weight and was so unhappy. It wasn't until I started therapy that I realised that I associated food to being happy, especially the Friday night takeaways with my family before mum and dad broke up. Main food was fried chicken, and I'd eat a lot of it. \n\nTwo years ago I went veggie and felt like I had some control. Then earlier this year I got ill. It's taken me months to work out what was wrong. Turned out that I have fat malabsorption (which causes horrid side effects). The theory is that my years of consuming high fat foods then stripping it back repeatedly ruined my gastric system.\n\nI'm now vegan and on the road to healing. I still have my moments when I just want to eat and eat and tell no one, but I'm open about it and tell my fella. Being not so secret about it make it easier to control.\n\nKeira - thank you for being so honest. You're honest and have no shame and it means that people like me can be honest too. \n\nLove you x
Oh my god this video was so personal thank you for sharing 💗 your thoughts from childhood were so heartbreaking but comforting at the same time to hear someone else feel the same. I'd like to think that if our younger selves knew each other, they would have been pals 💗
Such a lovely and inspiring video...I can really relate to your story and struggle. Well done on getting so far! Xxx
Great video Kiera! Talking about food and diet on here (especially if you're vegan) can be so nerve-wracking! I used to be a pretty picky eater myself but once I cut out meat from my diet I was sort of forced to try so many new things - most of which I really enjoyed! I follow Dana too, she's so unbelievably helpful. ohsheglows is pretty amazing too ^_^ Hope you and Alex had a lovely anniversary!
thank you for sharing your story <3\ni've also struggled with food my whole life, had anorexia as a teen, but now that i'm vegan (been vegan for 14 months) my symptoms have lessened significantly, i feel a lot less guilty about eating and have managed to maintain a healthy & stable weight - i think the knowledge that i'm making a difference by eating plant-based really helped me feel better about food\ni've also been going to therapy which has helped, and figuring out the root causes for my mental health issues has given me so many tools to improve
you look beautiful and your so brave x
You are an amazing person Kiera!!! Keep on being fab x
You are the only person that helped me stop feeling ashamed of being a size 16 because I think you are so unbelievably beautiful and it helps me think that I might be beautiful too ❤
Anyone who would dis your diet or lifestyle or tear apart your daily menu must be extremely disillusioned by something that has absolutely nothing to do with you, personally.  Every video you make is honest and non judgmental to anyone out there. Why there are people out there in the www (is that an old term?, I'm over 50 yo so sorry if I'm not up to date), who seem to seek out reasons to hurt people are doing well in their lives? Hopefully these few ( and I sincerely hope they are few) who feel they must take time out of their day to make disparaging remarks about ANY of your videos will soon realize that it's not YOU or anyone else but THEY who have a problem. Sorry to go on for so long.
so important! amazing video hun x\ni've noticed it's quite common for many people that after going vegan their relationship with food changed. \nin my case...I don't want to say that I forgot about my ED but it just....I don't know, different things started to be more important and I was just so excited about foods? With trying new things - high five. As a kiddo the only veggies I ate were chips and mushrooms. Maybe cauliflower. And now? Look at me! For dinner today I had bowl of SALAD bigger than my head :P\nI'm so happy that you're doing better and that you having back control over what's happening :*\nLots of love :*\n\nalso - vegans judging other vegans over who's more vegan - GTFO\nanimals don't care if you eat raw till 4, if you're frutarian, if you juicing all day or if you stuff your face with mac n cheese. As long as it's vegan, you're good to go!
You are #22 trending! Really interesting video I went vegan almost two years ago and it really changed the way I thought about food. Also it helped with binge eating (for me chocolate) when things aren't vegan I have absolutely no desire to eat them 👌🏽
this video was so honest and real and from the heart <3 thank you for sharing Kiera, you'll have helped so many xo
I SPY A NEW PLANT BABY!
I agree with other commentators that if you want to exercise more, then find something you LOVE! ^____^ I started hula hooping/ hoop dancing almost 2 years ago, and I love it so much because it is FUN and creative! :) And as a circus skill, anyone can learn it, all it takes is practice!  \nThank you for this video, even if if was super hard for you to do, you did a great job, and you are making me more and more interested in becoming vegan! ^____^ X
YOUR HAIR LOOKS SO GOOD
I hadn't eaten all those vegetables or really ANYTHING either until I went veg and pretty much forced myself into it
Your hair is amazing right now
I super related to the taste and texture sensitivity issue. I tell people all the time I can't eat certain foods cuz they feel off to me. Definitely agree that my partner influenced my ability to expand my tastes. Still struggling with my weight but I less overeat and more so eat poorly and lack exercise. Loved this video so much for it's honesty And realness
I'm a fussy eater as well. I also hardly eat fruit because of the textures! It's like you are describing me! I would have to try new foods at friends houses because I didn't want to be rude. I'm 28 now and I'm still fussy but my fiance (got engaged last week after being together 6 years!) has pushed me to try new things and my diet isn't amazing but I'm doing well :)\nThe way I eat fruit now is smoothies! It's the easiest way I find to do it.
Really interesting video Kiera , iv suffered from bulimia since i was 16 at 20 i went vegetarain and it really helped me to feel more comfortable with food. However i still suffer from bulimia and im struggling at the moment with over eating and i feel like im really suffering but i cant stop and i sont know what to do i need help. X
You are truly inspiring and yes! Cooking helps so much when making the transition and it's so much fun to challenge yourself with different recipes. Hot for food is another awesome blog if you haven't checked it out yet.
Just to say that you look absolutely beautiful in this video.  And now I will watch the rest 😂
so happy for you!!! i love hearing everything u have to say <3
I'm not vegan or ever plan to be one but I really do enjoy your videos on cooking! It's awesome that you share what you love without trying to push anything on anyone :) Keep up the amazing work!
The pea pesto is my favourite too!
As we grow our taste buds change I don t do well with vegetables but after 19 I started to be able to tolarate them before that I would eat potatoes. My relation with food and weight is also shit, university isn t helping my situation either...
*you should try proper working out*\n*i used to hate it when i started myself pretty late in life, but then i learned to love it!*\n*most things in life we don't like when we're not good at them, but no one is good at anything he has never tried*
I bloody love your what I ate videos. I think it shows what real life is like and that not everyone is a health nut. Vegan ism personally isn't for me but I think your videos also show that veganism isn't just a bunch of salads all the time. You're looking fabulous and as long as you are happy then that's brilliant 👏🏻💕
I think everyone in the comments will hate me for this but... In one of your really earlier videos I did make a comment to you about my concern that there was a lack of vegetables and fruit and now I really regret what i wrote, I wasnt trying to be rude I thought I was trying, in my weird way, to look out for you. I thought I was being helpful, but wasn't aware of the issues you faced, so I want to take this moment to apologise, I'm sorry and I really hope that I didn't offend you.
I relate to basically all of this. I’m 22 and I still can’t figure out my relationship with food. I feel like it’s never gonna get better :(
❤️❤️❤️
I like food
Vegan trending? What the hell.
You're amazing💜
Love u 💓
‘Trending’
My mom is not suportiw
Brave girl x
❤❤❤❤❤
Ah white ppl problems\nIf I was middle class I'd make more important videos
how the fuck is this trending gtfo
Get A Secret Weapon in the “Battle of the Bulge”\n\nMost people fight for their “perfect body” for weeks, months, or years. Some even \nstruggle for a lifetime.\nSadly, the people who do succeed in losing weight usually regain everything \nwithin a year or so. It can be truly disheartening, all these soldiers pushing \nthe frontline forward only to regress soon after.\nBut there is hope.\nThankfully, my friend, health expert, coach, nutritionist, and trainer Brian \nFlatt has developed a\nsecret weapon that his clients are using to drop 1–2 pounds EACH DAY during the \nfirst weeks.\nHe also has the secret weapon to maintain this weight loss for a LIFETIME. That's \nwhat I call a victory.\nSee what it’s all about here, 100% complimentary \nNow take a second to imagine this:\n\nHow much better would life be without the stubborn body fat that weighs down your \nhealth and future?\n\nLet me fuel your imagination with a success story. After losing several dress \nsizes, Regina wrote us that she simply couldn’t stop dancing…alone at home, \nsitting in her office chair, even while socializing with friends in public. She \nput it beautifully…\n\n“My body—and even my soul—feel so light that I’m always dancing because I enjoy \nthe new me too much to keep still.” \nCan you imagine how wonderful that must feel? Can you believe that could be you?\nDo yourself a favor. Make the transition from fantasy to reality today. \nCheck out this scientifically proven method, which has already worked for \nthousands across the globe. Go ahead—do your research. We have every confidence \nthat our system can lift you out of the trenches and send you dancing down the \n\nstreets. \n\nSee it all here  \nhttps://tinyurl.com/y82q7pqh
You know what is fricking delicious. \na juicy hamburger
someone pls report that sex comment i dont know
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is probably the best martial art for females.
It’s nice to see a vegan, and I know not all vegans are like this but they do exist, who doesn’t force veganism down non vegans throats because they see it as a superior way of life when they a lot of the time themselves are restricting their diets so much they have border line eating disorders that are not healthy and sustainable in the long run. She just seems to natural and real like a normal vegan with a diet that is healthy and makes her happy, it’s nice. Sorry for the paragraph just thought I would say 😂
Cara's voice is good :)
Like a demented Julie Andrews song. Love it!
I didn’t see that it said 'audio' so I kept waiting for her to move 😂😂
time for me to see, my guitar to think
I really hated this song at first.
Brilliant. In every way.
i miss st. vincent, i miss annie clark. digital witness was certainly the harbinger for a departure, but i am afraid, in this departure, there is no lift-off. (my opinion)   2:42 is a saving return-to-form, the rest is so done, so medium. No boundaries pushed, which coming from annie clark, is what I interpret as pandering. que lastima...
i love the part Cara sings
Cara !!!
The last part sounds like a 90's song we had in Romania, i kept listening to it didn't know why it sounded so familiar. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSqILPaz1KU
Pills pills pills and a big stiff dick pills pills pills
it's crazy that it's been 10 years since I first heard Annie. Been devoted admirer ever since. \nI don't know if anyone else hears this but this is for me is evolution of the kind of stuff Pete Townshend was writing during the Who's Sell Out & Tommy era\nI immediately heard that kind of funny-but-serious approach in the pills to... refrain, and the left-field spiritual slow jam of the ending. That's the Who, right there. I'm loving every second of it. If only John Entwistle was alive to play bass on this shit. Love you Annie 💚🎶🎸🎶💚
does this remind anyone else of the underpants gnomes' song from south park?
pretty good timing for this song considering that the vegas shooter took anti anxiety pills that  drove him to psychosis
I don't even know if that's a bass anymore (what year is this?), but the responsible for it knows his stuff
The first song, New York...just didn't really do it for me. I love Annie for her insanely idiosyncratic angular approach to songwriting....and that song just didn't tickle my fancy. But seeing her perform Los Ageless on Colbert....and now hearing THIS, I'm now super thrilled for this new album. I mean, she never ever disappoints....and this new albums is looking to be even _more_ eclectic and surreal _and catchy_ than past stuff, and that's saying something. Annie is such a force of nature...what I especially love about her is that she's not only absurdly creative and smart...but she's a bit nuts, maybe more than a bit. That's a very crucial ingredient to making a truly interesting artist, or even just an interesting human being.\n\nPeople like Bjork or Bowie or Prince or Jack White or Michael Jackson....this list is long, although only representing a *_tiny_* fraction of humanity, those sort of artists are what I gravitate toward. People who are not only very talented and informed at songwriting....but who also have a few screws loose; artists who seem very self-confident and mentally sharp, but who also have a noticeable undercurrent of madness lurking beneath the surface. That's an important element of creative thinking and doing...and Annie has it in spades. She's very..._iconic_ to me...and I'm hugely inspired by Annie in making my own music and art.
I like this.
The breakdown sounds like the Rain down... section from Paranoid Android to me... (a good thing)
the end half reminds me of Marry Me, and whatever happens before that gives me a seizure. I kinda like it. It feels like a solid blend between new and old styles. It reminds me a bit of The Apocalypse Song from Marry Me, and then Your Lips are Red, and then the hook is like a 1960's commercial jingle
On my zillionth listen now!
Music of this woman is  absolutely Unique !!! 😍 I love it !!!! 😍
This is my happy pill!
I hate pills but I like this songs.
Tasty guitar on a delicious track!  YUMMM!!!\nWhen it comes to St. Vincent, I cannot be satiated!
This song honestly not my style, too fucking weird
So far the album sounds like Annie trying so hard to avoid her feelings
This song is amazing and catchy as hell
Check out LIVINGSTON CAULFIELD - Not in love (official music video) \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyKs-DJJFvY
When I saw the notification I haven't read the title 'till the middle, so when I started watching thought she's gonna move... that's how I love u =)
Sounds like a blend of songs from Panda Bear, Bowie, Queen, Sufjan Stevens, and Bjork. Loving it so far 👌
One of the reasons i still want to live..
It must have a ❤️ button 'cause I'm loving it!\n\nMASSEDUCTION's on fire 🔥🔥🔥
I'm glad this turned out to be music instead of what I clicked on this for.
Holy shit this is the St. Vincent I've been waiting for
sounds like it belongs on masseducation
I like how the song is kind of ambiguous about pills. The ending made me think that the problem isn't pill use -- the problem is the world
Annie's requiem for a dream
These lyrics are some Talking Heads-level stuff.
I want the outro on a loop. 🔥
I want to hear Mindless Self Indulgence do a cover of this
I'm so freaking hyped!!!!
me come
I hear Pokémon Red/Blue!
The beginning of the song sounds like that one Moana song tbh
I wouldn't need any pills to fuck her
Omg she is so sexy. Only girl I'd go gay for
Definitely my favorite so far from the singles released
I WANT TO MAKE SEXY TIME WITH THIS WOMAN NOW!
It kind of reminds me of Tune Yards
let alone find that kind of vocal range
I hear Pokémon\nI hear Queen\nI hear Bowie\nI hear Pink Floyd\nI hear St. Vincent !!
St. Vincent > Queen Bee
Wow, love the song! Check out this group Head Noise below too, pretty quirky electro-pop also :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDKts5guMOU
We Happy Few better use this song in their promo... It's literally perfect.
this sucks so bad that im' done with youtube for right now.
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
Ummmm this is so weird. It sounds like an ad St Vincent made. It is terrible and brilliant at the same time. The pills pills pills and a good stiff drink makes me nervous, but she redeems it towards the middle and the end with a classic rock structure. Maybe it'll make sense next to the other tracks.
Awesome song dead on commentary about how screwed up this society is and how we are all puppets of big Pharma.\n\nWhat one thing do all the shooters in all mass shootings have in common? They were all on multiple psychoactive prescribed drugs.
Am I the only one who hears life on mars at 2:50?
Annie, needs to do some work with Jamie Hince
i love this pic for.. reasons
Kind of Vampire Weekend 's vibe at some parts
Anyone else notice that Pink Floyd influence?
chorus is annoying, BUT DEAR GOD THAT SECOND HALF IS AMAZING! seriously that should have been the whole song. felt like modern day pink floyd
The melancholy finish is so Bowie Diamond Dogs/Low.
Not a very subtle message to this song.
I've never felt so ready for an album in my life.
Pills to follow Prof. Oak back to the lab
This song seems like to use for cheerleading or marching
The outro interpolates ''Everyone You Know Will Go Away'', or the live song she played addressing mental health at David Byrne's show.\n(I am secretly SO happy for that)
I'm enjoying this new direction. It's not as heavy as the older albums. Better they try different directions and styles than stay stagnant trying to please fans who just want the artist to do the same thing again and again. Why can't people take a detour and try something different? Whether it's a different sound, visual or experience. There are always going to be some who stay in the past and are unhappy when artists change and experiment. And so what if St.Vincent wants to try performing on her own or offer a different experience? I'm glad when artists don't stay stuck just to please. Annie is trying something bolder, brighter and clearer. Observing different things now. Still staying true to her guitar. But I do understand sometimes people just don't dig something and that's fair enough. There's a beauty in difference of views and opinion.
upward arching Sphinx
Annie is spitting rhymes. Awesome!
love it
I think we are listening an album about a beautiful talented musician girl who joined the high fashion scene and her thoughts about the things she finds ridiculous in it. Its just an idea though so we will see but It is ok beautiful girl, it is ok.. not everyone has the chance you have.. funny song though !
Why have I never fucked on purple carpet before... POWERFUL st Vincent!
Fucking incredible
woooow
KAMASI FUCKING WASHINGTON
That fucking ending!!!
damn.
mamasita
Annie❤
Sounds fresh AF.
yawn
Sick
Much better than Los Ageless
Brilliant
ooooh
no disappoint me ever
St.vincent feat.Cara Delevingne
Sorry but it's annoying and generic
i love blues clues
SHe's a boring person desperately trying to be edgy and avant garde
Really talented pop composer though, like brilliant ear for melody and tasteful guitar, the music kicks ass. It's just like 'rage against the machine' or some other kind of immature preachy bad self-important lyricism, i can suffer through most of it.
Firm flop into pop on this album. Lalala fafafa pillspillspills. She used to rock.
Portrait of an Artist Selling Out
FREE MONEY FROM ATM, 100% LEGIT, BLANK CARD HACK\n\nPull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out\nfrom ATM they works world wide. Are you currently\nin a financial economy crisis Or dealing with Bad\ncredit card debt, Cool way to have financial freedom\nAre you tired of living a poor life, here is the\nopportunity you have been waiting for.\n\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before.\n\nContact us today for your Card.\nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com\nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below For More Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
I've really liked the way this album has sounded so far, but the social commentary has been lack luster. I definitely think you should put it in your music, but what does saying anything about plastic surgery or Fucking pills have to do? Yes there are plenty of people who take pills who don't need them, but I'm disabled and in debilitating pain and I need them to get out of bed. I need pills to wake and sleep and fucking walk AND eat because of stomach issues. Medical science has come a long way and I'm HAPPY for it. This song is catchy but the lyrics are a snooze fest. 😴😴😴😴😴😴
i just nutted
Madman
Geill
YES LAD!!!
gwaan
You must watch RÉMY METAILLER !!!!
Lololol F..kin legend mate lolol
What a ledge, I haven't got the balls to hit that jump after a year of riding, fair play man.
It is such a pleasure to see a BMXer riding mountain bikes, I reckon Mr Main has it in him to win races.
Savage
#fuckharrymain #teamspencer #yousellout
Balls of steel
Bestial!!!!!
Great video
Legend
Bro sick!! Balls of steel
Brilliant mate, looked fecking scary. Balls!!!!!
This was epic!
Love your videos
Crazy cunt
See you at redbull rampage?!
So stoked ur on a mtb
Beast
You should COLLAB with Sam pilgram
Dude I'm loving the mtn bike content!
cry brand downhill clothing..?
congrats on trending
🌴
Zduno
20 on trending
Your 20 on trending
Nicely done!👍🏻
Amazing
Fuuuuuuuucccckiiiiinnngggg beasttttt
Nice
Is this Gisburn forest
8 on trending?!
Fucking killing it
#harrymainia3
Fuck that was sick
That shit was sick as fuck.
You bunny hopped off the wood waaaay to to much. You just need a small little bounce to clear it perfectly
Gotta give him credit, only biker fucker on here trying new shit
I'm a Harry main fan now
Hit the 50 to 01 line at the revolution bike park
This video was sick keep it up
Harry your a legend love the vlogs made me just go and build a enduro bike lol wife said for fuck sake your 40 not 14 playing with bike's!!!
Thumbs up from me mate you are a legend
You fucking beast! Killing it!
U need to come queen Elizabeth country park
I think you would like Chatel Bike Park.
Great to see your enthusiasm as you mix in new things- end of the day, it’s riding a bike and can only be good. Question tho- what skills do you think transfer best from BMX and where do you feel you need to make up ground?
Doesn't wear Gear to show his tats off
This is so sick
Do more shit like this!!
Harry main is a huge jackass. Suck a dog dick harry main.
You're a mad man for this!! Keep progressing lad ! 💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼🔥
That was fucking sicc! (The jump and overcoming fear.) I agree that humans need some crazy heart pumping every now and then. Good stuff
Get out on the trails with Ratboy and the rest of the 50 01 crew, that'd make some great footage
I acc love these videos plz do more harry 🤙✔️
“Look at that mother fucking jump” made my day Mr Main.\nI’ve subbed
Crazy vid, a go pro stabiliser will help a lot mate
Yes Lad! The massive gap was insane!
The crash starts at 11:18 \n\n\nThank later
Everyone should get up everyday and go and do mad shit \nFuck yes!!! Hahaha
Harry i live near there....theres havok but if u wanna go somewhere free and big like massive. Go lee mill quarry it big and ive been there about 20 times and find sommet new evry time i go
You should come down and ride at woods bike park.
Harry I believe you should look at investing in a gimble for your GoPro because it is very shaky. Gimble's help with that and it is a lot more stable, and maybe a mic cover for your GoPro. If you would like to talk to me about this dm me on instagram @racerbellchambers
Lad were are you from
You should use your front brake more because its more effective
First of remember to use a go pro stabiliser and don't use a fish eye so then we can't see the real depth of the jumps. Otherwise great video.
he can do that explin a bottle of catsup  under 3secs
Great vid mate . Now that feeling when you stand on the take off lookin at something huge. Feels like you just did a three foot line of coke when you make it . Think you should have done it twice though just to say you beat it.
I like what you did with your hair
You should pop down to north west cycles in cheadle. All the bikes all the kit and most of all great advice.
Late squad where you not at ?  \n----- he's trending he's trending lol
Absolute fuckin head case! Proper buzzing seeing you on a mountain bike fella and shredding it ( but most of all loving it also)  you should pop over hales board and bike Park ( it's nothing mental like this but still fun) one quiet weekend,  it's only outside Chester ✌️
Could you tell me where this track is I’ve been looking for a corse for so long?
hey guys I make moutain bike vids too and skiing so go check it out! leave a like and subscribe
We’re is that track???
NEVER MUSIC OVER THE SWEET SOUND OF TIRES, DIRT, HUBS, OR BOTTOMED OUT SUSPENSION!
Cool harry 👊 love the videos keep em coming
Today im going down on my wife, as you can tell.. its pretty wet
Try and use 50%front brake and 50%back brake and let of the brakes gradually as you go around the corners.  It sounds as your skidding a lot. I guess you using the back brake a bit to much? Doing this is making you loose traction so remember 50 50
Love the MTB vids! Keep ut the great work!!
Where are you riding
Quit looking at the screen and look at the camera
Is there such thing as a helmet-cam stabilizer? During the technical sections i feel like i'm having a seizure. Would love to see some smooth footage. Otherwise crazy video as always.
You have some fucking balls you just hit every jump
7:53 such a 21 Savage type beat
You need to come down south and ride places like Windhill, Woodys and Black Mountain cycle centre. All incredible bikeparks with big, big lines.
you are way cooler now that you ride downhill
Its so cool your coming into MTBing love the vids
Love how British the commentary is XD
Where is this place
Actually saw this on havocs live feed on fb
Not really a big crash
You are a legend
I can't believe how quickly you are progressing in the sport I have been riding for 15 years and wouldn't go near that last jump! Keep doing crazy stuff man!
Harry get one of those go pro mounts where it doesn't wobble as much like this so Harry can see please
Omggggggg so cool bro you re m'y favorite rider because you re thé best 🔥💪
Love the retro sound!
Man oh man.. Taemin... WHAT A VISUAL!!! THE BEAT!! I need a drink of water after watching this.
THIS IS GOING TO BE THE DAY THE KING SLAYS ALL !!! ALREADY SHOOK. 😭💕❤️😍❤️❤️💕✨✨🔥✨💕❤️️😍😩😘
does this remind anyone else of “secrets” by the weeknd but slower????
FUCK YES  it's gonna have that 80s sound I love it already
Slay taem
I am hyped 👏👏
He looks like Kai omg
God fucking damn it Taemin, again killing me
80s 90s vibe Yassssss!!! Can't wait!!!
So addictive
LOOOVE HIM
i can't stop repeating this taemin is a fucking legend
This reminds me of Matrix for some reason... 😂😂😂
Will this song actually be on iTunes?
The king is coming back to end everyone and they mamas 😍
i know the michael jackson vibes comments are meant as a compliment. but actually i think taemin is moving further away from that with every comeback. there is a big influence coming from japanese artists now, especially koharu of course, but altogether he is developing a more and more theatrical, artistic style that is very different from MJ.
OMG TAEMIN IS FINALLY BACK!!! CAN'T WAIT!!!
*L E G E N D*
*If this smoking thing creates this ordeal with his career I'm gonna be fucking livid.*
This reminds me of Matrix
When did Taemin go from a tiny cute little baby boy to a sexy beast like this???!
Digging my grave now!
*dead*
he's coming.
looks like Gackt.
Asawa koooo! Haha
*Internally screaming*
We're  trending babes
I'm a Taemin fan now.
Gimana nih ya ampon micin
Beyond perfect !!!!!
I had a vision of you in that white shirt, Taemin! Awwe, you look so good! Congrats on your new album! ♥
SM Is legit trying to make everyone have heart failures everyday!
So aesthetic this sounds like some future funk .
Came back from teaser #4 this is still my favourite 😍😍
Group order for Taemin's album Move\nplease fill the form if you're interested:\nhttps://goo.gl/forms/bORdwx9OOx78MTiI2
King of The 80s vibes.
*THIS IS GOING TO BE LIT* *AF*
bb
Tae man
Tomorrow is Taemin's concert!!!!
Sarangheo oppa
I'm in Love!!!! He looked like a sexy Scarlet Johannson at 0:12
Taemin looks a freaking Anime character freshly drawn and printed out. He's beautiful af. I'm ready for this comeback 👏
IM SO READY KING TAEMIN IS BACK TO SLAY THE WORLD
all of this look like ghost in a shield omg
This has such a mj vibe to it and i LOVE IT BIH
This song better be used in Stranger Things
I NEED THIS BEAT TO SOUND LIKE THIS WHEN IT COMES OUT!!!! The world needs it! The 80's early 90's new wave baby in me is living for this!! He's about to slay the game!
Editors who stan him are so lucky, if y’all wanna do Spy or Gang AUs then it’s gonna be so goddamn easy thanks to these clips
Fk he's hot
trending just with teaser isn't legend thing  love u
One word:\nR E A D Y
His shirt in the beginning said *take a small bite* BISH I’M TAKING A BIG BITE
This sounds so good
I don't know if I'm ready yall omg
SUCH A MAN WOW
I'm really loving the BGM on these teasers. Can't wait to hear Taemin's raspy voice singing over them!
why taemin again? i miss minho
DAMNDAMNDAMN
Mi Taemin turro wachaaaaaaaaas ♥♥
Prepare to die 😭😭😭
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Thriller vibes ♥
OMO love the beat 😱😱😱😱😱
EVERYTHING FROM TAEMIN IS FUCKI G ICONIC WHAT
TAEMIN!!!!!!!!!! SHINEE FOR LIFE!
Oh my GOSH! Dirty, dark, sensual, alluring Taemin is THE BEST.
IM ALREADY LOVE THIS
I'm dead \n.bye
Daddy.
ESTO VA A ESTAR BUENÍSIMO AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
#28 on trending ,, Taemin got the world shook bItCh wE GoN bE SnAtChEd
love love love
I SEE KOHARU
Ilove you oppa teamin sarang lam a #arab fan
YAAAAAS
ARRRRTEEEEEEEEEE
HYPED
RUDE BOY
I'm died❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Amazing
Taemin the best!
Taemin 😍😍😍 baby
😱😱😱
Its only the trailer and its already trending like ppl i know how you feel rn, chill, EVERYBODY CHILL \n(le me cannot chill)
I can't breathe help .
I SEE KOHARU AND IM SO HAPPY
HIS STARE TAEMOTHERFUCKINGMIN IF YOU DON'T STAWP HOW CAN A YOU MAKE A HOE FEEL THIS WAAYY AND YOU HAVEN'T EVEN PUT THE VIDEO OUT YET BOOOOIII
4 days! I CAN'T WAIT 😍
He's the King of Visuals and no one can deny it!
*MY DADDY OPPA COOL*
🏜🎼📲🏠🤗🎁Thanks......
Taemin siempre haciendo lo mejor! 👍
He's kinda look like Gackt , japanese singer am I right ?
Wow best teaser i have saw
look so gayyy
Is this shinee??
Yall is that his choreographer? ?
He looks so cute in this
So I was planning to comment all the yellow emojis for support but then I realized that every symbol, every emoji is yellow so here is my best: \n\n😀😃😄😆😁😅🤣😂☺️😊😇🙂🙃😉😌😍😘😗😙😚😋😜😝😝😛🤑🤗🤓😏😒😞😔😔😟😖😣🙁😕😫😩😤😠😶😐😑😯😦😳😵😲😮😧🙄🤔🤥😬😬🤐🤧😷🤒🤕😺😸😹😿🙀😽😼😻😾👏✊️👎👊👍🤝🤛🤜🤞✌️🤘👇👌👈✋️🤚🖐🖖🖐✍️👋👶👱👴👵👨👲👷‍♀️👷👨‍⚕️👩‍🌾👨‍🌾👩‍🍳🐥🐤🐣🐯🐝🌻🌼🌗🌘🌖🌕🌒🌓🌔🌝🌙🌜🌛🌞💫⭐️🌻🌼✨🌟⭐️⚡️✨☀️🌤🌦🍋🌽🧀🍯🍟🥇🎖🏅🏆🏵🎗🎷🎺⚱️🛎🔑📯✏️📴📳🈶🈚️🈸☣️☢️🉑🆚✴️🈷🈺🔅🔆〽️⚠️🚸⚜️🔱🔔🔕📣 \n\nOff to do it on Twitter now
Nail polish is harder than it looks!! ha!
Huh, now I know why my favorite color has always been yellow
Why did my school not teach us about this
I just got my master's degree in mental health counseling (well almost, I am about to defend my thesis and then I will be done with my degree) and I think mental health is sooooo important! Thank you for speaking about this!! <3
You guys should play Cat Mario :3
DAN WITH PAINTED NAILS JESUS AMEN SCREE E E  LIKE IF YOU AGREE
My best friend had depression after being bullied, and I have anxiety. Thanks Dan, this helps to know that you care.
Omg their calendar is gonna be with the Howlter family
but what if you joke about your mental illnesses to help you cope?
Guys I need the name of the anime he recommended is it new yokyo? Help
People I've talked to go on about depression like it's a choice, or like it's some sin, or they think those who are depressed are weak. I try to tell them otherwise, but they go on like they know what it's all about when really, they have no clue.
Snowpiercer is my favorite movie, omg it's so under rated
#1: Answer the door. #2: Come upstairs in the cheese costume. Geez, peer pressure much? I would totally tell my bf that, I might get hit in the head for it, but she'd probably accommodate me. She's nice like that. Sometimes. Best friends are meant to torment each other. It's a fact. The fact that they can understand you is a bonus. Domesticity at its finest. Oh and  nice he ordered milkshake(s)....I mean are you even surprised anymore?
When he turns his chair to his left the screen gets more yellow and normal colored, but when he turns to the right the screen goes purple
Dan!  you can use rubbing alcohol, instead of nailpolish remover!
💛We💛love💛you💛Dan💛and💛Phil💛never💛change💛
I had a councillor at school because people took the mic out of my name and the guy didn't even know my name. It made matters worse .
Out school is shit they told us it was wmhd then just started to shout about attendance for a school trip 🙄🙄🙄😂
omg wait, why didnt i think of this earlier? Dan x Cole, i mean imagine the beautiful babies that they would make
you should do a baking dan vs phil
my bet there is animals in the new calendar
I had such awful experiences with councilers and all my counciling experiences were so strange and didnt feel very comfortable or helpful. If you had the same problem with therapy youre not alone please dont worry. 🖤 Things will be alright.
When they mentioned Fire Boy and Water Girl i thought they were talking about the CoolMath game.\n*_i swear to god if it's coolmath_*
this is one of the many reasons I love you <3
aww he was blushing so much when he spoke about phil painting his nails, this is so wholesome
I wish I had a soulmate that would order me a milkshake
I actually got so sad randomly that I almost cried for no reason a few minutes ago. Do I have depression?
W H O L E S O M E
Snow piercer took a lesson from Jonathan swift??? 😖
I fricking missed world mental health day AGAIN fricking hell
I literally had a breakdown over my anxiety the other day and then my mom went on a tangent on how I’m “ just trying to be cool “ and that I “ don’t have anxiety. “ god I wish people would realize that ANXIETY ISNT COOL and it’s extremely difficult to deal with.
I S  I T  D O D I E  Y E L L O W  T H O
😀😃😄😁😆😊☺️😌😉🙃🙂😚😙😗😏😕😒🙁😞☹️😔😣😟😖😠😶😐😑😯😦😳😵😲😮😧🤔🙄😬🤥😸😹😹😺😽😼😻😾🤝👎🤞👉🙌✊️🤘👆✊️👋☝️✋️🤚👧👴👱👱‍♀️👵🐱🐥🐤🐝🌕🌝🌜🌛🌞🌙💫⚡️✨🌟⭐️☀️🧀🍋🏉🚜🚕🛵🚖🚡🎺🎷🏆🥇🎖🏅🚧🏗🌠🌅⚱️🛎🔑💰💡🎁🎉📒💛📴🈺📳🈷🉑🈶✴️☢️🈚️🆚☣️🈸🚸⚠️〽️🔆🔅⚜️🔱🚼🔶🔸📣🔕🔔🇻🇦🇻🇪🇹🇿🇰🇳🇸🇧🇸🇨🇸🇹🇷🇴🇸🇳🇸🇪🇷🇼🇷🇴🇳🇺🇲🇲🇲🇿🇲🇺🇲🇩🇲🇰🇲🇾🇰🇿🇰🇬🇲🇱🇬🇵🇯🇲🇬🇦🇩🇪🇬🇩🇬🇳🇹🇩🇨🇴🇮🇨🇨🇬🇰🇲🇪🇨🇬🇫🇧🇳🇧🇦🏳️‍🌈🇦🇩🇹🇩🇨🇴🇨🇩🇦🇽\n\n\n\n\nThis has all yellow in it
all the ''he protecc, he atacc'' are cracking me up xDD
DUDE MY BIRTHDAY WAS ON GLOBAL MENTAL HEALTH DAY AND I WAS REALLY DEPRESSED ALL DAY. No but seriously I turned 16 on the 10th and I was depressed and anxious all day.
Dan painted his nails.\nThat's it, my life is completed. I can finally die at peace.\nrip
Ballemia OCD Anxiety Depression panic disorders...I have all of the above
Your nails are such an eyecatcher 😂😁
DANS LITTLE SQUEAK WHEN LAUGHED. I C O N I C
Mate today is the 12th
Daniel! Your nails actually do look quite good :)
THEY'RE GOING TO PLAY FIREBOY AND WATERGIRL YES
I T S  T H E  Y E L L O W  B A L L O O N  P R O P H E C Y
I haven’t watched Dan and Phil in a year and omg Dan looks so much better. I’m so happy for him. He looks incredible.. and kinda gorg
ARE THEY DOING A DOG CALENDER!?!?!
I painted my nails multiple shades of yellow bc I didn’t have any yellow clothing too!!!
nail polish and cheese dress.... I love it all
Imagine if they Starter playing Niche: a genetic survival game
I love your nail polish!
you are an actual ray of sunshine
No it's impossible for it to be Thursday the 10th 2017 because it's Thursday now and it's the 12th 2017...?
I thoght it was just me when I watched the boopers-video and was like 'did their voices get deeper'    BUT It's Real .......
How big can this get? - that's what she said.
My school doesn't even do counselling
THERE'S ANIMALS IN THE CALENDER! CONFIRMED
my school let us wear yellow accessory for a day it was fun
I saw him flash the nails and I was like Ooh loving the nails\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbut that opinion died as soon as he properly showed us the nails.
WE NEED TO GET CHRISTINE IN HERE
My therapist of 3 years is the best person in my life💛
Now I want Phil to paint my nails ff
Now I kinda wanna write a fanfic of Dan and Phil working in a nail salon................\nBrb
Are we going to have a Dil and family Halloween video? Please?!
Hi Dan, I just want to tell you that I allllllways miss your live streams, because my mother takes out my tablet when I go to bed because I'll probably be on them all night, so anyway can you please go live on the weekends because I'm allowed them on the weekend. Thanks.
Heey\nMy best friend is in a depression I really want to help her. Has anyone advise?
A girl tried to commit suicide at my school yesterday and it's really scary to realise how many people are actually going thru depression and struggle with mental health.This foundation is really important and i hope it successfully helps those who don't currently have it...thank you
🌞👫🌞👬🌞👭🌞
i THOUGHT your voices sounded lower lmao
DAN'S NAILS 😭😭😭😭😭
DANNYWISE
God bless this man
🌝
DANYELLOW HOWELL
YELLOOOOWW NAILLLLPOLIIIISHHH
(yea boiiii)
💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄👑👑👑👑👑👑📞📞📞📞📞📞📞📞💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
*phil wears glasses*\n\ni feEL BLESSED
YASSSSSS DANIEL!!!!!! ROCK THE NAIL POLISH!!!!!!
😶
The nails look hot
....is it tho?
Hello
🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀
I support the varnish!
“Thursday 10th of October”
Yellow is my favourite colour...YES!!!
😀😬😁😂😃😄😅😆😇😉😊🙂🙃☺️😋😌😍😘😗😙😚😜😝😛🤑🤓😎🤗😏😶😐😑😒🙄🤔😳😞😟😠😔😕🙁☹️😣😖😫😩😤😮😱😨😰😯😦😧😢😥😪😓😭😵😲🤐😷🤒🤕😴😺😸😹😻😼😽🙀😿😾🙌👏👋👍👎👊✊✌👌✋👐💪🙏☝👆👇👈👉🖐🤘🖖✍💅👂👃👶👦👧👨👩👱👴👵👑🐱🐯🦁🐤🐥🐝🐣🌻🌼🌕🌖🌝🌛🌜🌞🌙⭐️🌟✨💫☀️✨⚡️🔥🍋🍌🍍🌽🍯🧀🍦🏆🎗🏵🎷🎺🚕🚖🚜🚍🚧📒✏️💛🔱⚜〽️⚠️🚸🔆🔅📣📢🔔🔕
Snape is fucking hoRRIBLE
🐡
this is beautiful
pure
Ayy I'm a slytherin
YELLOW AESTHETIC YASS
I love you
Sunshine Danny
☀🌮🍌🍕💰🏆😆😠😺😢👎👊💪 🤝👌✌👏👍🙂🛩🔥🌙🌞⛅🌽 🧀🔑🔓💳💰🔒🎁😘😍😎😮😜😵😲 🤓🤑😅😉😇😃🙂😄😁😀😋🙂😴😑😐😶😒 🤔😔🙁☹😭😨😣😖😱
Slytherin pride
Is it Dodie yellow tho?
Phill is so cheesey
1:44 martin & dua 👉👌
Martin you should post the Oops Orchestral cover!!!!
If the show was damn good then plzz martin it's a request that plzz upload that video in your channel plzz............I'm ur I think biggest fan in this world I wanted to every show done by you plzz upload the video
Can someone SPAM ME. for Martijin\n.. lol
W0W! who is pilipino her.. ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmVqQv4oE_s go check out my music on my youtube channel!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5l-4WxQPJX8
Love you martin
The way Alesso talked to Marty😍
https://www.gofundme.com/4jrd54w\n\nPlz read it once. I literally beg.
Who needs drugs when the music is this good! 😂
Martin Garrix you're so talented and very unique! I love ALL of your music and you are by far the best DJ out there. Congratulations on an amazing show and all your success. You deserve it! Stay true to yourself and what you believe in!!!
OMG this is so so sick, since marty to martin and you deserve for this!! i love you proud of you and your team garrix!! i feel how nervous it is and finally it’s perfect and awesome!! keep make a sick and perfect show martin!! 🙏🏿❤️❤️❤️
It's crazy to see how the VJ's work just as hard if not harder than the performers do.
Why am I so inlove with you as a person <3, your music just adds more value to the love. I love you so much Martin. You make dreams come true 😍😍
name of the music that starts from 3:24 ?? please
song name at  2:32??
BEST SHOW +x
➕❌
3:22?? Song Please??
3:26 songs name??
song at 3:22?
😍😍❤❤👏
Best. Video. Ever. !!!
Song at 4:10??
The lasers were green Martin.
That visual engineer is an absolute legend! 2:44 / 4:36 😂
5:07 what piano song in backgroung ?
I love u Martín !!! 🙌🙌❤❤
Best Men, best DJ in the World !!!!!!
I have so much respect for this insane team!!
What’s the song at 5:23?
What is the title of the song.( 3:23 )
MGx's shows are always lit
who is the girl?
One day I will see you and meet you, I promise. I thinks that day  is not  far away. Love what you do! :)
So happy for you!!!
A collab with your sister please 🙌
Martin love you ! Good video !!!:)))
Today is my birthday like my shit on SoundCloud would mean alot to me thanks https://m.soundcloud.com/user-82645188/hi-1
which is the song at 3:23
Martin you are the best👍👍💪💪
Are They Official Couple?
Your visual team brought it to the next level!
minute 3.31\nas it is called?
Martin if you ever read this or someone that is in #teamgarrix please come back to chasing summer!! We love you in Calgary AB that show was awesome ❤️❤️➕✖️
what song is that in 4:04
Keep calm and Put your hands up in the aaaiiiir!!!
What song does he play at 3:23
....what a guy! <3
you're ma idol😘
! WOOOO!  GREAT SET! AGAIN!
➕✖️
👍
❂ Martin + Alesso = two my favorite DJs ★ ✭  ❤  Dua Lipa - beautiful and talented girl!  ❀ ٩(●̮̮̃●̃)۶
I love it😊
3:25 song?
4:04 Which Song Is That ?
The start is the same like tomorrowland2k17
I'm so happy to see Martin being so happy like that ♥
Fans de #Duartin reportense! Solo yo?! A oc 😶
Martin Garrix e dia lipa ❤️
Fuck'in sick!!
Song at 3:30 pls ????
Amazing!
name del trak pliz ... soong   3:22
tracklist please??
Avicii Style\nhttps://youtu.be/amknLU8Bda4
wooow
Song at 2:47?
WE JUST MOTHERFUCKIN DID IT
Hey man
Ok he wasn’t
too dramatic
Cool 😏😏😏
https://youtu.be/Aqrj-Ut8wLU
➕❌💗 d best is, will be and forever will be no.1 edm player in the world
Why doesn’t anyone notice Martin wearing the Adidas futurecraft 4D😭
Omfg thats awesome
it's amazing & awesome
4:05 name song ?
Хорооооош!!! :)
4:42 wow amazing
❤Martin garrix
Spanish! 👍👆➕✖
Track name 3:25
Best show ever
4:03 This Music Omfg!
3:22 whats the song?
&lHello
best show ever martin
Tracklist?
Incredible✌😍😘♥️♥️♥️
💕👌
Im beutiful perfection Martin Garrix y dua lipa perfection
Oh cool Alesso
Song at 4:08 ???
😍😍😍😍😍➕✖
song 5:30?
4:03 song ? @@
I missed the first 2 mins of the video and had to go back because I'm just staring at that perfect liner 😅 how do you do it Suzie! I got the nude bow jumper too and the cape coat I love it haha! <3
The shearling jacket is SO CUTE!
Me encantaron todas las prendas  <3
She looks like she's coping off Zoella
Olivy, bat wingy, nudy, cardy, camelly, syntheticy, plasticy.....?????
https://youtu.be/DZVJC6guVaY
love the herringbone scarf!!
Love your suede jacket 🌷
Aviator jacket camel jumper and green cardigan are gorgeous. You have lovely style suzie x
Great haul!💖👌
getting that beanie for sure!!
where your earrings from?
Love the cardigans
Happy birthday
pls do more zara haul!!! ♥️
Omg I love the cardigans!!!
Looove the cream cardigan 😍
Love your try on hauls 💚 saludos desde Argentina! 💚😘
The jeans you’re wearing are fab! Where did you get them?
I like your videos...but I suggest something...you explain everything really well...no need to re-explain when you try them on...you takes ages on every item...loved everything you picked up...👍
Where is your choker from? Xx
I love scarves!!! I'm obsessed with them! 🙈
You're so beaut! Thanks for sharing your haul!
Hi Suzie, Love your video. Thank you. Please can you share where your jeans are from? They are lovely!! Xx
Those jeans ! Where is it from ??? 😍 your body👌
Her youtube channel is called helloOctoberxo...?
loved this haul! recently did a little shopping at Zara as well! :)
My faves were the grey and camel scarf, and the camel jumper! Oh and the cream cardigan😍🙋💛Been looking for one like that for a while! 💖💖
loved so many items! Why have I decided to go capsule wardrobe 😩
How tall are you?
Where are your earrings from, love them!
How did you make your thumbnail where you cut yourself out with the white bit around you? Xx
Hello October, you've come round so quickly! 🍁
Really like this makeup look, I know you said the lipstick is discontinued but I'd love a tutorial of the whole look
Looove those scarves!! I picked a couple up last year and after using the soft ones I couldn't go back to any of my other ones... also, can you link us your jewelry pieces?!
I love the font you use on your thumbnails! What is it called?
Who knows where to find the short necklace that she is wearing? Please?)
good call on the aviator jacket - you're right .. its the perfect length on you! lovely haul - love you!!
where are your earrings from? i love them!!
Oh my I LOVED every single thing in this haul 😍💜
Paused the video to buy the red sweater with the bow. 😂
Love the green cardigan and the suede jacket best.  I love the pink jumper contrasted with the black tie (very Chanel) but I would return since it has pulls in it.
that first grey scarf looks amazing on you! especially with your hair and makeup like that. so pretty <3
You can poke the pulled thread through the jumper (just stretch it a little bit where it's pulled-you will be able to poke it through one of the holes and pull it through from the inside). I have 2 cats I have to do it all the time!
LOVE LOVE LOVE everything from this haul. I'm a short arse too and I need that aviator jacket it's perfect. 👌 Where are you jeans from you're wearing in the cut away frames? Xx
Does anyone know where her gold choker is from? Been looking for it forever xx
Number 14 on trending eeeek!!!! Loved this haul, but my bank account did not 😂 love the olive tones and that scarf is lovely 😍
Hey Suzi , just wondering what hairdresser you go to ..? :) loved the haul. Knew you would kill it with an autumn haul. The aviator jacket is sooo flattering on you 😍😍
could you tell me what jeans you are wearing???
Very good video!but i cannot opeen the links!i want to buy firectly things i have got iphone6 and when i cleek on them it goes to a blank page whatever video i  see!can u help?thnk u!
girl im buying every single jumper, cardigans, scarves, and that suede jacket yesssss I love all of them so cosy and pretty and pretty much my style for every autumn and winter season cause dang its cold up here in the north of america 😅☁️🌧🌨🌦☔️
everything is beautiful.. also  the last coat..
That olive cardigan is absolute GOALS! It looks so soft and cozy, which is a must have for the fall! 😍🍂
Where are the white drawers behind you from please?
How tall are you? It would just be helpful in relation to sizing :)
I have the same faux suede jacket and I am soo happy with it! It's so worth buying. Love your hauls, especially Zara ones!!!!😍
Use a bobbypin to fix the snag in your jumper!
Your hair colour is just so nice :D
Everything looks amazing and suits so well! Except I agree that the “cape style” coat at the end doesn’t sit as well as the other pieces.
What lipstick are you wearing? It look amazing on you!! xoxo
When u wear the cuffs over your hands!!! 🙈
I got the same jacket but in pink xD
tha aviator jacket looks so perfect on you !!!! i love ur videos !
Love your style..more of hauls.. I just added everything in wishlist 😍😍💗
Fell in love with your earrings, where are they from? <3
That leather jacket you're wearing when showing the beanie!! Where is it from I've been after a jacket like that!!
I'm sooo gold you said that about jumpers being tight at the bottom and that they're not as flattering. All the jumpers I have that I love are loose and I was just about to get a tight one on ASOS. Ta!  Haha
So jealous that you can wear scarves and sweaters already, we’re still waiting for the cold in New York 😭
These videos are my favourite! Try on hauls are the best.
I bought the cape coat but returned it because it was just too thin. For the money I didn’t think it was worth it. Also didn’t have any washing instructions in it 🙈
I just ordered the oversize cardigan in gray. It will be perfect for when I fly to New Zealand in February. I had to limit my self, but wanted to buy everything in this haul💕
Ohhh so nice! Girl three bags for your birthday- you don't need to justify yourself! Love love love xxx
The grey hat. Love it.
Love the cardigans and herringbone grey /beige scarf, I love the bat wing coat on you, will be best when it's really cold as it looks roomy and big enough to wear a thick jumper underneath and still button it up. Your style is so good Susie X ❤️👍🏻💕
Makeup tut on this look please
Loving all of your haul, love a good knit recently!!! The Zara aviator is in fact £25.99 😱😱😱😱😱 so a Brucey bargain rather than £50 as you quoted, I bought one in mustard yellow and it also comes in a pink 😍😍😍😍😍 I’m in love
I am happy for you, my Zara basket is filled with amazing items, but I live in Louisiana, so I haven't ever worn the clothes I got last year ☹️, I am still tempted to get a couple
Top haul. I have recently become obsessed with Zara this season. I recently bought an insane pale pink and faux fur sweater with huuuge balloon sleeves. It's life. I LOVE it.
Great video! You got so many cute clothes!! I have a small channel that I am really trying to grow. I would be super grateful if anyone could go check it out!💜
We have the same aviator jacket 😬 I love it! It's so warm. Looks great on you x
I bought the same sweaters in the exactly same colors😂
What jeans are you wearing?
Where are your jeans from? x
Do you actually try things on in store?
Love the aviator jacket! Your fashion content is so nice to watch :) xx
I want that camel jumper on you so much but it’s out of stock :’(
Stupid little puppy claws... seriously disappointing?
Zara is life! Love these pieces!
Where are your earrings from?
actually, I think the cape is really cute. It's really stylish and fashionable.
I have the red jumper with the bow except In cream, but it's gone so bobbly already even though I haven't washed it. Does anyone know how I can save it? So sad it looks so old and worn :(
You're looking good, girl!🙌🏻 Cute Haul!!!
Don’t keep the pink jumper with the black bow doesn’t really look cute and it kinda makes you look wide and hides your figure ✨
Where is this lipstick from? :)
I love everything omg!\n\nAlso, I personally really like long cardigans and I think this one looks lovely on you! However, if your looking for a shorter alternative, check out the cream one Zoella got from ASOS​ in her latest haul. It looks so cosy, but I also think it is the perfect length for what your looking for xx
To be honest I'll never get why anyone would consider something 'high quality' when it's literally made up of only plasticy synthetic fibers like acrylic that will look terrible after a year of wearing...
I just want subs
Love this zara haul would love to see more of these
Youtube made me buy it...so I now got the beige scarf, thanks Suzie ;-). I'd totally be in favour of a Bag Collection video :-)
Love these type of videos with try ons!Also love the scarves.Liked them all from the start on your youtube vlogs!
The only thing this was missing is some pencils and pens. Can't make a good beat without a good pen.
Bruno is one of the few pop artist I really enjoy and respect. In a world full of over produced crap and over produced polished pop stars; Bruno comes off as an actual talent and authenticly charismatic.
Ricegum took the L
Oh man that voice and those back ups 👍👍👍
I wonder if who is julio?
So table joins the list of instruments Bruno can play...
BRUNO MARS IS AMAZING, MY PRESENT OF GOD, BEST SINGER IN THE PLANET!❤❤❤👏👏👏
Bruno Mars I have your poster it looks good I'm 6 to
Bruno is so awesome\n No wonder why he is the pop king of this generation. I admire him so much. HOOLIGANS CAN Y'ALL RELATE?!
The artistry and vocal prowess of this guy is out of this world. He is slowly becoming a legend.
That what i like for this song haha amazing😍😍😍
This man is so fucking talent
Background singers on point too
Bruno and Michael probably related.
The best ever! See you november 19, in Rio. ♥️
Something about Bruno is so sexy
Please release this on iTunes
I need this on iTunes ASAP!!
what an inspiration Bruno and both singers with you
This is why I love this dude and his whole band, they bring it too!
Bruno and Band are amazing! They're smooth and effortless!!! Quality music from great artist of their craft! Side note: I am crushing on the singer on Brunos left , our right. <3
Wow...amazing...He's so far ahead of his generation. True talent!
Bruno Mars is the best around!
Also the only reason they are sitting is because Bruno is a midget
I like you & l Support you.\nBruno Mars
We are eternal spiritual beings having a very brief earthly experience.   R.I.P and annihilation are a LIE!! Dont wait until you breathe your last to find this out.  \nhttps://youtu.be/5QqMQNPy2LU\nhttps://youtu.be/p70oyjbKftQ
No words, what a great, creative live performance.
great execution of a great arrangement
Man, I love this kid!
i am a great hacker if you need a blank ATM that can withdraw $10.000\nper a day,contact me.\nFor school upgrade, and all universities database hack, we are the specialist and our client's satisfaction is our priority, and you make payment after completion of your job. contact hamzardblankatm@gmail.com for all school grades hack and other hack jobs
he made my day😘
Even the ocean got wet.....
That soprano is nice
For all these autotuned ass singers please be able to sing live cause if not we know u can't sing. Bruno sounds good wit auto tune, without auto tune, he sounds great live and even better accapela so if u don't like of love Bruno mars the u on some strong ass week or coke💯💯
When its Friday and you know that the lunch is pizza...
I guess this song means he learned his lesson in *When I Was Your Man* and now treating his girl right.
Bruno Mars is awesome artist! 24k magic is great album and this song is one of the best of it. It completely change my life and that's the reason why we need more this sort of music today!
Who's that little monkey that danced around on Kimmel?-Joey Diaz.
Is there anything this handsome man can't do.?
Im sorry i didnt ask you if u liked it bitch
This would have been better if they did an acapela version just to show off bruno's voice even more
Reppin’ the 808! Love that hat
IT SOUNDS JUST LIKE THE SONG
All i can say is 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👍👍woooh! Bruno can only do that...hands down
I would drink your bath water Bruno
Charlie Rose is such an old fuddy duddy.
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ said only believe, that He is the Son of God.*\n*He will give you the free gift of eternal life*\n*He will also heal your body!*
Bruno makes the world a better place.
I love this and the Dance Gavin Dance cover 😍
I WATCHED THIS SOO MANY TIMES
Freaking awesome. I love Bruno Mars and his band. They are #1. Patricia
This guy just always ups his game, never fails to suprise me
You killed it Bruno...that was awesome. Love u papi chulo! \nHeyy...can't forget the rest of the guys, you ALL belong TOGETHER!
74k views, on trending while a video with over a million views that exposes youtubes shity attitude towards creators is not on trending. #killyoutube
Great & Awesome\n\nSubscribe, watching & download mp3 On My Channel :-D\ngoo.gl/cICvOy
And this is why I watch Charlie Rose!
You're the best Bruno Mars!!! That voice 👏
He always looks so happy while singing! He's just always trying to have a good time with his music 😌 I love how he shares the spotlight with his background singers and they act like a whole unit. I could go on, but Bruno is an amazing performer!
You're just the best Bruno Mars. Thumbs up bruh.
God, i want to marry bruno mars !!!!! He one of a kind. Bless with a beautiful voice. He's humble and world wide, before i die, please let me !!! meet him !!!!!!
❤Bruno
On repeat 1000X!!!
Love You mi Bruno ❤️
Lo máximooo💞❤️
You really deserve that 8 AMA nominations 👏👏👏😚😚😚😘😘😘
best ever https://youtu.be/VOfkATP7Z8M
1:58 lip sync
Que voz!!! Que homem!!
Black people r talented af fuck u.
So talented ♥♥
火星哥，老牛逼了
So woow
mars!
Damn that was flawless!
*Beautiful voice*
❤❤💚💜💙
MARAVILHOSOSSSS!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
He did that!
Tilian does it better
YASSS PAPI BRUNO YASSSS YOU TOOK MY EDGES ONCE AGAIN! I'M SHOOK 😍
True talent bro
Awesome, Smooth yall killed it #bruno #hooligans
Canta hermoso 😍😍😍
He rockin that backpack⚠️
Holy shit. This is goood.
Amazing!
Talented
Oml. 😍😍😍😍😍😍
https://youtu.be/J-amTfBwlP4
Razón por la que amo a Bruno. Tan original.👌👑❤😍
なんて楽しそうに歌うんだろうこの人は
i wanna marry his voiceeeee 😍😍😭
Music genius
I saw him in concert a few weeks ago with my girlfriend, hands down the best live concert I have ever seen.
Why does Bruno has a backpack he looks like Dora the explorer
Wait until you see the SEX Tape Bruno made with Steve Harvey.. Repugnant ! You'll never guess which one was the pitcher & which one was dressed like Little Bo Peep.. swashbuckling Madness
Most underrated artist/performer. I don't always like his songs but he is very talented and a great entertainer.
This shit got less than 100k in 24h and is on trending wtf
Bruno probably ate his CD for breakfast
He needs two other people to sound good lol
Everyone be like, oh can't watch the trailer! Can't spoil it!\n\n\nMe: @nerdist TEAR THAT $*!T APART.
Why do the US and UK trailers have different middles.. THIS CHRISTMAS or THIS DECEMBER around the 1min 20 mark...
Pablo Hidalgo tweeted MONTHS ago; \nI don't understand all this Grey Jedi talk. It's the light side, the dark side, and that's it. There is no Grey\n\nI foresee ALOT of disappointed theorists in our future. \n\nI guess this is what happens when fans have NOTHING but time between episodes to make predictions and speculation. \n\nI would say, I'm not hating on the people who speculate! but that wouldn't be true. \n\nI'm letting Lucasfilm fill in the blanks for me. As they have since 1977. They created this thing I hold so dear.
so an unoriginal movie. Star Wars is ruined.I'm out.
Star Wars: Return of the Mary Sue
I think a BIG detail was missed: Luke's fear!
I love how she pretends to give a fuck about all of this xD
Great job Amy on this episode of Nerdist News!
She talks too fast the first half.  She needs to pace and breathe.  Outside of that, it cracks me up all this crying over Jessica, happens every time she isn't in the video lol
I can't wait for Dec., but seen this new trailer it as the look of a rehash Empire Strikes Back like with The Force Awakens from a New Hope. basically The Empire/New Order & Rebel/Resistance still haven't learn from history. they might have new tech, but still essentially stuck in a loop.
What about the line which Luke says about raw power ?
I bet she has a HUUUGE vagina
We are eternal spiritual beings having a very brief earthly experience.   R.I.P and annihilation are a LIE!! Dont wait until you breathe your last to find this out.  \nhttps://youtu.be/5QqMQNPy2LU\nhttps://youtu.be/p70oyjbKftQ
The grey jedi crap goes against EVERYTHING.
I didn't miss shit!
the scene between Brienne of Tarth I mean... Phasma and Finn is reminicent of the Revenge of the sith  cover with Anakin striking Obi-wan with his lightsaber inside Darth Vader's face
#TEAM CHEWBACCA because he is going to eat that stupid porg thing lol
#teamporg but where is my girl Jessica!?
Porgs and Star Wars fans are words that will never go in a sentence together. EVER.
How did the star go from being cute to unattractive in just 18 months
Jesus! Fuck! What is it with her eyes?
She reminds me a lot of Pearl from Steven Universe.
But what about Luke being placed on the back of the poster? Like all antagonists have been in the posters as far as I know.
Nothing about Phasma and Fin, but all about the Porgs? Are you taking Star Wars not serious? :)
#teamporg\nI hope I don't wind up regretting that.
The fact that they remembered the blast mark is amazing. So much attention to detail.
Where the hell is Chobot?
that prog is going to be annoying
spoiler warning after playing parts from the trailer. im sure anyone who want avoiding spoilers would not have click this any way. but still you made a shitty warning
Got to love myself a little Porg
I agree with Mark Hamill: They have totally fucked up Luke's character,and this trailer seems to be more evidence of that.  Also, they should retitle this Episode 8: Return of the Mary Sue
Chewie is a legend!! where does he fit in all this? are R2 and 3PO going to continue on their dumbass adventures? what about BB8 and the new evil BB9??? also, Phasma..... how sick does she look?!
Great breakdown because you added bits of info you know as a fan already knolagble about the Last Jedi
Je--Jessica? Is that... you? Wow. Star Wars has changed you
What's with Rey's white lightsaber or am I seeing things?
Loving that Vault-Tec top!!
I suspect Kylo is most likely reaching out to either his mom in the present after her base is destroyed, or to Luke in the past (after destroying his school); not to Rey.\n\nMaybe when Luke says: “this isn’t going to go the way you think” he’s either talking to Kylo in the past before he destroys the school, or to Kylo in the present after he comes looking for Rey after Luke sends her away, or even talking to Leia with the force about Kylo; not to Rey.\n\nI highly-suspect that Snoke is talking about Rey’s power while ‘training’ her with torture or whatever, and with the “something truly special” he’s recalling the evil she felt when considering killing Kylo in the last movie - a move on the path to the dark side. And “fulfill your destiny” is maybe the disappointment Snoke has that she didn’t kill Kylo then, who was just the bait/decoy, so he’s commanding her to do it now. \n\nI then suspect that Rey has a change of heart about Kylo when he starts encouraging her to kill him “kill the past” after their familial relation (and her ‘superior’ bloodline) is revealed...I think Snoke wants to use her unrivaled power as a sith and that’s why he had Kylo kill all the young Jedi and concentrate the force onto her. But, with this imbalance of power, “it isn’t going to go the way Snoke thinks”...maybe she’s so powerful after Leia (and possibly Luke) and other force users ‘die’ that she unwittingly drained the force from all of the remaining ones and hence no more Jedi (or siths)...and then the force finds balance another way, perhaps one we’ve never seen. *excited face*
I'm on team Amy.
NERDGASM FOR THE CRYSTAL FOX!!!!!!!
I miss jessica\n\n
this trailer was the final piece that convinced me: star wars is DEAD.
mad cute
Ugh.. Bring back Jessica
Could Snoke's torturing of Rey be a force dream and not real?
Some of you guys give nerds a bad name. \nWhat does it matter who is presenting? It's the content I'm here for!
Love the trailer, but I hope it's full to the brim of misdirection like the Rogue One trailers. All I'm going to take from this is that it looks COOL!!!!!
Holy shit the blatant disconcerting reading-face she's doing is the most distracting thing I've seen in weeks, and the fact that you had to KEEP CUTTING TO HER RANDOMLY forced me to keep most of the video off the screen at all times because seeing her leaning forward staring at the cue cards/prompter made every word she said turn into those sounds adults made on Peanuts cartoons.\n\nIf you have to bring someone on that can't read without leaning in and making it obvious, at least don't cut to her at random frequent intervals so it's less of a distraction.
A bit dumb and logic jumpy. I think after that scene with the ships giant robot elephants warp in shooting nuclear bananas.... Could happen!
Fuck Jessica\nShe's a thot
I am hyped for Carrie Fisher but it’s going to break my heart, and I want a nude scene with Poe and Finn... but that’s just me...
Amazing, Amy did great, even she has the same gesture of putting the arms behind her back!! 😍 In general she's more cute and Jess more spicy, but anyway, good job!! 😊
is it just me or thi Amy Vorpahl is just too hot!! damn
Bb8 getting zapped from the back of Poe’s Tie Fighter, a nod to R2D2 getting zapped on the back of Luke’s Tie Fighter in Star Wars A New Hope???
#TeamCrystalFox If they're running into the base it's clear they've been domesticated and are being used somehow by the Resistance. For who knows what but they're cool!
Amy, dunno what you did with you hair but it worked. You looking damn fine.
I wonder is Rey was created by Snoke a'la Darth Plagueis with the purpose of mating with Kylo to give rise to the ultimate Force child?
Balanced Jedi are those who rely on the Light side of the Force. Anakin brought balance (restored the natural balance) by destroying the Avatar of the Dark side, Sidious. The Gray was never canon.
Herow Amy!!  Great job :)
the cutest porn(???) footage yet 0:22
We are the Porg. Resistance is futile.
#TeamCrystalFox
I might go with #teamamylooksBEAUTIFULL
#teamcrystalfox
Grow a bin
#TEAMPORG
big nose ass😭
# Crystal Fox
Needs more Chobot.
CRYSTAL FOX 😍😍😍😍😍💞
#teamboth?
She is adorable!
Where is Jess?
#TeamCrystalFox
Team Jessica!
Send Aunty back , we want jessica !!!
No Jess = No Like ;-P
# TEAM freaking POOORGGG
SUBSCRIBE toUPWARD HKL if u ply gta 5
bruh! crate crystal=kyber crysral?!
so Empire Strikes Back 2.0?
3:08 Krayt dragon skull
#TeamCrystalFox
porg = digimon\ncrystal fox = pokemon
Wheres jessica
kristal fox
Awesome episode.  Amy is great
#teamnotfluffyspacebunnymadefortoysalesandkids
She looks like Gwendoline Christie aka Captain Phasma aka Brienne
She looks like Captain Phasma.. :p
Team crystal fox
JESSICAAAAAAA
#teamCrystalFox
I def dig Amy
Quality Review Nerdist!
#teamboth
Thanks!
Man. I love this channel, but the troop of turds lead by their cocks crying when Jessica isn’t on makes me queasy.
Basically its all white males are now bad.... You know, the majority of the USA... Now has to sit back and let 'minorities' take over to become 'equal' WHEN they wont show the same in countries they come from.... Thats how pathetic people are. Wont help each other in their own country BUT make white people PAY for their 3rd world country immigrants that want free stuff and to blame everyone else for their mistakes in life...... How pathetic.
It's pronounced AHK-TOE. That drove me nuts the whole time I was watching. Jessica would say it right #TrueFan
Bring back jessica
Just signed. There are now 17,462 signatures. Enough for his letter, but keep going and we might actually get someone to really do something about it.
Perhaps they should replace it with a prolate spheroid. Wouldn't that be better?
On the bright side, at least your government didn't want to make pi, or the equivalent of 0.5 * tau, equal to 3.2
BASTARDS!  Seriously, this is like the stock teamwork photo of three gears which contact each other such that they cannot function as gears. How can a country with such commitment to football/soccer get this so wrong? I blame it on the metric system.\n\n\nAlso - you need to find someone to produce a PDF version of the desired replacement to prevent an even worse version and to eliminate the 'what would it look like' stuck in committee problem. In fact, do one the way you want and also one that is obviously not-right in an aesthetic way to give the illusion of choice. People like picking the 'good one' and not having a preferred answer shoved on them.
Is there any kind of non-Euclidean geometry where an all-hexagon ball does exist?
Suggestion: Provide an alternate design. People are much more willing to approve a change to correct something if they don't have to do what they perceive to be the hard part.
It's a bit brave to link Bristol FC with football, isn't it? Are you sure the sign represents a football?
I just feel sorry for all those motorists trying to figure out which lane to drive into seeing a sign with changing equations for geometry
Dammit I'm italian, I can't sign it
The number of sides on a pentagon is a prime issue... oh har har 5 is prime...
We'e living in a time of austerity though. The government spent £39m on legal fees to try to strip people of their rightful disability benefits, do you really think they'll waste money on something like this.... actually, something this pointless and petty does sound like exactly the kind of thing May and Hammond think matters
I *HATE* football, but I *HATE* mathematical/geometric errors more, so I have signed the petition.
That doesn't look *much* like a castle. The crossed arrow slit is either extremely rare or non existent.\n\nThe problem is that the surface the sign is on is flat, not a sphere. Therefore you can't cover it with a pentagon+hexagon coverage. I don't think the filmed actual football looks as football-like as the one on the sign.
Haha... although mathematically you are correct they still wouldn't match reality if they changed the pic. Nobody plays with that style of ball anymore anyway. The original one was called the Adidas Telstar introduced in 1970. The classic black and white ball. Used again in World Cup 1974 until being superceded by the Adidas Tango in '78. Originally the Telstar was introduced to help people see the ball more easily on black and white TVs.
We did it R̶e̶d̶d̶i̶t̶ YouTube!
Concerning your claim that no such ball can be made of (possibly distorted) hexagons: While the mathematics is surely correct, this does not exclude the possibility that some other shapes (say, pentagons) were used at the *back side* of the ball (that is not pictured on the road sign). This probably makes a less symmetrical soccer balls - but if we allow strangely distorted hexagons for the faces of the soccer ball, why not also allow to use differently shaped faces at the backside of the soccer ball (that one cannot see on the sign)?
Tank training ground is a Cromwell on signs.
Matt, I am sure you can come up with an imperfect approximation to a ball made all with hexagons and we'll call it The Parker Ball.
Well since the regs have literally just gone through an overhaul I’d say it’s a nice idea but never gonna happen :p
I have signed many of those such petitions, but this is completely different from any petition I have seen on there before!
Can we just ban football altogether?
Without context I'm not sure I could've figured out what pentagins are.
This shows that brits knows as little about ⚽️ as them stupid Americans that calls 🏈 an football.
The ball on the signs does not look quite right. It seems unnatural.  Thanks for explaining the mathematical reason why,
I am in the US but glad to see you making a difference in society and mathematics
I almost spit out my coffee at 3:21.
the government [...] don't really care about mathematics and science.\nOOH, D'YA THINK?!
He says all other signs make sense, but the wheelchair one you can see when he is saying that doesn't contain a full wheel.
Isn't a parliamentary petition overkill? Surely you just need to get a memo to the right department...
In my opinion this is a real problem worth fighting for #footbolsignmatters
Perhaps the street signs are incorrect in _Euclidean_ geometry, but here in the real world we use _Minkowski_ geometry. Can you make a sphere out of hexagons in Minkowski space?
That was an interesting video!  At first, I thought, Who cares?  But, then when I thought about it and how you only wanted the newly made signs updated, I realized it does matter enough to correctly display football images on newly made signs.  Way to go, I hope you get your petition positively recognized.  I cannot sign anything since the only part of me that is UK is long past ancestry.
Petition to make him pronounce hexagon correctly
It's a Parker soccer ball, it's valid in Parker geometrical spaces
Undoubtedly a serious problem. Now all we have to fix is all those arrows pointing to the sky. Am sick of getting misdirected into space. It really messes up my day.
Just did it don't even like football but if its 3D will look 10 times better
Am I crazy or does he have an australian accent?
It's worth noting that the icosahedron was used in the Fat Man atomic bomb. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Truncated_icosahedron#Applications\nIt seems the ball is changing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ball_(association_football)#FIFA_World_Cup\nMatt is right on this one. The representation on the sign is obviously incorrect, and lots of math-inclined people would notice.
*What is the music that you use at the end of this video?*
I don't see any footballs, hexagins, or pentagins - only soccer balls, hexagons, and pentagons.
Will there be a petition to change the airplane icon too? A plane wont fly without engines.
Wow, my Dad told me about this a couple of days ago... I should have know you were behind it!! Haha
Some stats on this petition so far:\nMost popular in: *Cambridge* (0.12%), *Bristol West* (0.12%), *Edinburgh East* (0.10%) - *% of constituents who signed*\nMost signatures from: *Cambridge* (147, 0.88%), *Bristol West* (139, 0.84%), *Edinburgh East* (100, 0.60%) - *% of total*\nLeast popular in: *Airdrie and Shotts* (0.00004%), *South Down* (0.00362%), *Central Ayrshire* (0.00226%) - *same as most pop*\nLeast signatures from: *Easington*, *Na h-Eileanan an Iar*, *Airdrie and Shotts*, *Glasgow East* (all 3) - *same as most sigs*
A ball made entirely of hexagons is known as a Parker Ball
Why not just get rid of all footyball nonsense in public entirely? It is a paupers game.
Who cares, it's a small meaningless change... also will the government listen to a petition and then waste money on useless sign changes
The zoo sign is also wrong!  Elephants' trunks always curl in, not out!
and where is the mathematics of a real football?\nhow many possible shapes can you combine to make a succesful football?
This is like saying the size and proportion of a castle sign is wrong we mist change it
Yah, but then you can round the hexigon, gcd lcm, so 6 into 5, 30.  You cant easily use 15 without a cooly ball.  But why not?  In 1995, they had advanced materials, whirly tennis balls, you could play tennis in the rain.  It was so bouncy and aerodynamic that you could dip legendary shots, in the rain.  Man that was cool because any old man with wilson whites wasnt anywhere, just your marine core tennis pals. LOL! The ball was fusia, neon, and indigo ripple like a racquet ball, but hat slight overweight and under pressure with poly fillament that grabbed the air, discontinued in 2001 due to cannibals?  I was mad one time, and i realized baseball,  Take a ball because my bat blows smoke?  Upper cut a top spin into the short stop hitting the grass square negative curl for a frack your mom douglas serve koopa troopa.  So it stands to reason that whirly cleats with ankle 400 lbs skocks an d carbide teath are so supperior that nobody could beat and defeat them.  So we learned in 1993 how to compound with a caroitoid lever for acceleration.
Speaking as an American, I envy you that this is the worst of your mathematical problems.  8)
You've got too much time on your hands!
Alright then, The sign for roadworks needs changing because not all road workers are Black.
I totally agree! In norway, feminists got through to change all the old pedestrian crossing signs to a unisex silhouette of a person crossing, than the old man with a hat-silhouette. This cost Norway about 80m NOK, which is a bit less than 8m GBP. Crazy!\nI do agree that it was poorly designed, back in the 70's, but lets update the symbol, so all new signs get updated, and use those 80m NOK a bit more sensible.
its a road sign... its not really that significant
THIS HAS BUGGED ME FOR YEARS, and I'm glad you noticed too.
Brilliant way to make geometry cool.\n\nMy man! \n(JL trailer reference)
Do we really want to use tax money to change these
I don't know about the castle, I'll need to hear Shadiversity opinion on that.
i bet you can use a infinite flat surface as a ball as long you are playing on a hyperbolic plane..
I think it's of hexagons because you don't need to distort them on 2d space so it was easier to create lol Britons are lazy.
What about the airport arrivals signs? You can't land a plane with the nose pointing down!
Let's waste tax payers money to make a nice signs that we don't need... Let's instead not.
I'm not allowed to sign because I'm not from the UK, but I would if I was.
national embarrassment... says someone whose country nearly got knocked out of wc qualifying by SYRIA
Lets just say your campaign works....what a waste of parliamentary time. theresa-  lets discuss wage increases for the nhs, oh no theresa we have a much more important issue to do with pentagons and road signs jesus to think people have time to waste like this lmao what is the world coming to...spend your time partitioning for something that may save a life or help people. Sorry Sheldon but what a waste of resouces. Yours sincerley,\nAngumentitive Arnold
*clicks on video*\nO Shit, I know where that is! I now feel almost famous by association - I used to get all my school supplies in the staples just along that road
first world's problem
Good to know.\nBut not worth starting a petition over.
The ball at the Etihad stadium is stuck to David Silva's foot
This clearly shows that math and sports do not like to mix.
I'm not British but I do reside in this country for many years, still I don't know how important this can be for a UK born person and football fan. ? who cares about the geometry when it comes to UK road signs symbols ? everybody knows what this means so why changing it ?\n\nI  think it's a waste of TAX PAYERS MONEY and Money is needed right now in this country.
I will not let you pronunciation of Hexagon slide <3
If you look at the petition map, you can find the UK universities pretty easily.\nhttp://petitionmap.unboxedconsulting.com/?petition=202305
I am neither  not citizen of nor resident in the UK, but I'm willing to move just to help the cause
Not cool changing the sign like that just for a video. Someone could have gotten into an accident. I'm flagging this video for dangerous acts.
There are enough views on this video for the bar to be full of petitions but some people are just too lazy
Looks like we have ourselves a case of Parker Football geometry
Not something very important to be done in my opinion
this man is awesome
Parker square ball
17,418 when I signed :)
I started thinking that this was a triviality. But you convinced me that it might help with math awareness and costs little.  Alas, am a landlocked USian without British acquaintances. But I liked your video. Good luck.
If the petition gets 100,000 it will be considered for debate in parliament
Is it just him or that how people in Britain pronounce hexagon and pentagon?
UK government be like\n\n\nWho's this hate letter from\n\nIt's the same guy as last week\n\nOhh now it's footballs ant it??\n\nYep\n\nWell,,,,,, just walks away angry
It looks like a circle of someone's bathroom tiles
That's a Parker football.
I’m from the US but you best know I still signed this
Wtf have I just watched
Wow, those are truly parker-football signs
nice chalkboard
Who cares?
NERRRRRRDDD!!!!!!!!!!
Does it matter
OMG get this twit off YouTube!
You're at 15k. Congrats.
Make smoke smoothing. Chill out man
I think you've missed the point of asking why the football has hexagons rather than pentagons.  As you say in the video, hexagons tessellate on a flat surface, and it is this flat surface that the designer is trying to achieve.  All of the roadsign designs feature a flattened, simplified perspective.  By these rules of perspective, a sphere must be replaced by a flat disk, and so the mixture of hexagons and pentagons must be replaced with a hex grid.\n\nI would have preferred regular hexes, though.
Icons aren't meant to be real, they are meant to be easy to see and quickly to be recognisable. – Signs don't use photorealistic iconography of other things like cars, lorries, trees, because that would make it not stand out. – Would a pentagon-hexagon ball be easier to see then a solely hexagon ball?
Andrew's come a long way.  In the beginning he wouldn't even cheer him with his fork but now he's feeding Steven and eating with Stevens fork.
Steven to Adam: Has anybody ever told you you take really big bites?\nAdam: What?\nAdam 2 weeks later: *Eats half a slice of cake in one bite*
Blended with jalapeno\n\nDamn right it is. If you don't have that zing you shouldn't even bother.
I will sub to you if you sub back comment done if you're done
Boring cantina style restaurant at lowest price- check\nGuy in chef’s whites not actually cooking at highest price - check\nSteven annoyingly saying the words “price points” - check\nPredictable slo-mo eating shots - check\nFANTASTIC ENTERTAINMENT - CHECK!!!!
how do you make the tortillas 1:53
Why do america have so nasty food types? Not one thing looked good in this brunch video! What happend to tost, eggs, ham, and regular veggies? America.......
I really love this duo <3
if you are decide to go Japan do worth it noodles and green tea
How about you guys do worth it for pho places
where is the LOVE button at? 😂
i'm rolling on the floor laughing at their reaction to that donut.
taking a flat earther to space.
It's not that vegetarians/vegans can't eat meat, it's that we don't want to. There's a difference. 😉
Was there ever a time when the most expensive food was the worth it winner?
Okay but does the owner of HomeState not look like Chelsea from thats so Raven.
Well, it's 8PM. Gonna go make pancakes.
Now I need a vegetarian taco...
how is it vegetarian if it has egg whites?
Do bahn mi's yo
They should make a burritos episode :-D
Calling it .Next episode is ramen
You know the food is actually good when Steven curses
You still haven't had a shrimp that big because that's a prawn
Im trying to get to 50 sub by the end of the year. Im subbing to everyone who subs ro me so sub
the overcooked music when they eating lobster waffle!
You missed out on yum cha for brunch... Please do an episode on yum cha! :)
Andrew is what would happen if a Disney prince and a grumpy old man had a baby.
I WANT AN EPISODE WHERE ADAM TRYS ALL THE FOOD AND U GUYS WATCH HIM
When it gets awkward, you just eat more
these are so long now!
so ... they're gna be in Japan
will there be a ramen ep next
WHY ARE THEY NUTTING ON THE BOYS PANCAKES?!?!
Do a french fries episode
My favorite part is when he gave Andrew his own plate 😂😂
Please do worth it ramen or hamburger with andrew
I watch it and I get hungry
Black people am I right?
Yeah cuz whenever I think of a Greek god I think of someone eating grapes and chugging donuts 🍩
Brunch = breakfast + lunch
$10 Poke vs $500 Poke
Question:how do you eat your pancakes?
Türkler beğensin sayımızı öğrenelim
$1 Cheeto vs $Infinite Cheeto
1 $ taco vs
Retired junior lamp explore nonetheless African.
DO BAKED POTATOES NEXT!
GUYS YOU GOTTA DO RAMEN THO
What about Dim Sum?
POPCORNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
Last restaurant looks fantastic
Omg, CRAZY EYES @1:12
Where in Japan?
Are you gay?
Oh hell yea
ADAM IS SO DAMN CUUUUTE
4:33 What do ya think? Simply Nailogical anyone??
Come to Vancouver!
$1 dimsum vs ultra fancy dimsum
6:41 BRUH, WTF IS STEVEN THINKING?!
Sxe
These guys are gay.
Do pie
That pancake was so big!
Omg I thought YouTube was supposed to get rid of non skipable long ads... ugh!!
Fluffer nutter 😂
Who else is here from the bottom of trending?
This relationship is getting out of hand
Can't wait for Japan's episode!
do a worth it episode about strip clubs
Is there any way to get notifications on the worth it videos but not on all of buzzfeed ones? The channel puts out far too much videos that don't interest me for me to subscribe, but I would like to follow the worth it ones.
$113 for all that?..that's actually a really good price for a special brunch with lamb, lobster, crab, champagne, etc.
What about a Hummus episode!🙃
Why are all the good Eateries always in towns where I am not!
Ive had many expensive brunch buffets and they're super worth it tbh
Steven is a pancake separatist D:
finally not looking homeless and tacky and cheap at a super nice expensive restaurant! they put in the work, show some respect
Andrew often seems too real and manly for L.A.
The pure joy in Adam's face as the giant pancake smacks down in front of him. And then the absolute silence as he eats it like a pizza. This is what makes me happy.
that all you can eat stacks on stacks in really cheap
Some magic, some love...\nYes that's how food works .\nThey are magic \nAnd love. \nAnd a little bit of Adam's smile ❤❤
when are we gonna get $4 hooker vs $4000 hooker?
Adam shoving half of that whole cake in his mouth was fantastic.
From taco to waffle...
R Brezzy
Debatable : eating the pancakes individually or the whole stack
Who eats while watching :)
What a job
Syrup and CHICKEN????
Steven looks so drunk 😂
So mouthwatering. Makes me so famished!
1$ toilet paper vs $1000 toilet paper.
Eee Andrew :)
Come to India!
When Steven said “has anyone told you you take huge bite” to Adam the cameraman’s  I could imagine him saying “has anyone told you that your opinion doesn’t mean sh*t”
Adam is pure cringe 😂
BuzzFeed now supplying wardrobe HAHAHAHA great job using the suit from the suit video Steven - looks gr8 honestly
'Real cheese' what
Best duo on YouTube
I live you prank videos joe they are sooooo funny lol
Okay they were all funny but the Titanic one is just mean, I take Titanic very seriously 😒
Why fuck do ppl talk about this guy so much.
If someone did that to me I would kill them
THIS IS ACTUALLY ONE OF MY FAVOURITE VIDEOS EVER!!!!!!!!! I DIDNT HAVE TIME TO WATCH THIS ON SUNDAY NIGHT AND EVEN THOUGH I HAD SCHOOL THE NEXT DAY I WATCHED IT AT 23.00 😂😂😂😂😂 AND ALSO IM WATCHING IT NOW AGAIN 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 LOVE YOU TO PIECES JOE ❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
most of joe's pranks feel like they're just huge pranks on himself bc effort
Still thing you should have dressed in an it costume and held a red balloon
Gg to Joe as he didn't clean up😂😂
NO! I wanted to see the rest of that _Titanic_ scene! Lol
can you please do confessions again.
The teddy bear is bloody ginger too 👌😂
that hat makes jow look like dipper pines from gravity falls
grant's laugh/scream is everything
1 like = crush likes you back\n\n1 sub = 10 years of good luck\n\n1 comment = 1 dollar
We need to get joe to do another DARE SUGG
You my friend, just got Rick Rolled
Can you please make more videos on your gaming channel like the uncharted series?\nLike so he can see
Why did Caspar move out of Joe's just to move in with 2 other dudes?
Tbh this is one of the funniest videos I’ve ever seen
there's a dead walrus at 6:47
I'm a guy and I would shag Joe and yes I'm drunk af
He only ever puts that music in when he's doing a prank and it's fucking great.
The way joe said “use a fork” 😂
when a ton of shit prank?
Aww I want to do that but it takes me 1 hour to tie one balloon
OMG CAN YOU PLEASE REACT TO MELANIR MARTINEZ I NEEEEEEEEEED YOU TOO
I want you to draw me like one of your French girls Jack.
Grant screams like a little girl
Joe I dare u too go out and talk like Peter Griffin to people in shops and stuff []ly❤
Where grant was lying i found he looked like a plumper pink hair daniel raddclife
I LOVE this prank i wish someone would do it to me
What is it with Joe balloons and South Africans
Add me on snapchat plz alfie Bunn is my name😁
Do a week of pranks there so funny
Who even is this guy?
Why did you do that Joe!!!!!!!!!!
Sugg the prankster is back again
Joe is an evil little shit 😂\n\n\n\nI fucking love him 😂
Where do you get 'Fiji water' from?
Hi joe if your reading this or anyone else I'm livvy and I'm from London. I really appreciate what you do for your vlogs just for our entertainment it makes me so happy and I laugh so much thank you so much joe keep doing vlogs #sugglife
Get a BB gun
You should of done all red balloons b of IT
thanks for the 20 second ad joe😒
Thunderstruck! Sorry there's loads of thunder here at the moment. I'm weird😜 love u Joe
I love how joe does harmless dumb pranks unlike some pranks 'I KILLED MYSELF PRANK GONE WRONG'
I haven't watch your videos Joe for a while, since college started....
even when he's not being prank, caspar's still manages to get the raw end of the deal
When grant was on the phone and a balloon popped and joe squealed 😂😂😂😂😂
Josh: I thought Joe and Josh would come back and help me with the balloons but no. They use to do it for Caspar but I guess not for me.\n(Probably not the correct wording but omg that is soooo sad, poor Josh)\n😂😂😂
Joe ur such a fucking pussey he won’t actually hit u
*Grant sounded like the new planet of the apes movie*
joe can be  annoying to be a friend.... hahaha but i love it! poor josh!
HAHA I swear the NUMBER 1 PRANKER! HAHA! So funny to hear screaming and shouting from a pile of wiggling balloons!
Hey please watch the first video i posted and subscribe. I'll subscribe back. Thank you. 😊
I GOT MY PINK SUGG LIFE HOODIE
I love grant, even tho he has stuff to do (I think) he still helps joe out with a prank😂😍❤️
I only click on the vid to see what joe was holding lololol
I just blew up 20 balloons and my thumbs hurt......
And Jake Paul thinks he’s the king of pranks Jake Paul’s nothing
Use a fork! I'm trained loooool great prank Joe :D  ...... want a balloon?
I think you should have helped him clean up
best 20 way to make quick money in UK 2017 https://youtu.be/qEqeIP5ssI4
this is good
Loved the video
Hi
AHHHHH YOUR ON TRENDING!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do another 'Youtuber Confessional' !!!!!!!
3:40 I DIED AHAHAHAH
Best prank ever
I couldnt stop laughing when jo sugg screemed LOL
Loved this 😂😂
Ayyy 34 on trending
the fucking knife i cant
Your on trending XD
9:10 OMG 😂🔪
Who else loves Jrant (Joe + Grant) 😂❤️
Grants scream tho
Yessssssssssssssss
XD SO GOOD
You should've dressed as a clown 😂
Hey joe great vid but next time just to be more annoying put waterballoons instead like if you agree lol
Lol I can here the south African accent that grant and josh have and I love it cuz I’m from there
(JOE )IM SORRY I WOULD BYE LOADS OF YOUR MERCH BUT I DONT HAVE ENOUGH POCKET MONEY AND IVE BEEN TRYING FOR AGES  TO GET USERNAME EVIE BUT MY LOCAL  ASDA IN PERTH THE UK HASNT GOT THEM APART FROM ZOES BOOKS BUT YOU MAKE ME LAUGH BYE THE RANDOM STUFF YOU SAY HOPE TO SEE YOUR NEXT VID LOVE YOU LOADS
Plz keep doing gaming with Oli White.
Love grants pink hair
Nice video
Josh Irish dancing 😂
ohh my God 😂😂😂😂😂😂
9:37. 😂
More pranks please :)
8:49 lol Joes face XD
I love you ❤️😂
This is... Username:Evil *obvious wink*
Hi
classic risk rolled 😂
6:21 grant's scream 😂
Thatcher Joe, the new Dude Perfect
Where is Pennywise tho?
I think joes sc has been hacked it's got some next thing on his story like if u seen his recent story
Look at your Snapchat story!!! You posted a number!!!
Issa tiger. The new meme of 2017
I remember when amalah was just 4 Months... now she is 2! I cant believe it😢
She's said tiger. It's a tiger. SOOO clear oml 😍
I still want to know about them boys amaleh
Need!! Longer!! Videos!! Love!! This!! Channel!! Anyone else??
Goodness this stuff is hilarious. Always look forward to the next video .
Teach her about the birds and the bees
Can you make slime with amalah
24 people did thumbs down?  those 24 need a new brain!
Amalah's speaking properly omdss I could cry, subtitles are becoming less and less
The distraction dance is better than any dance in 2017
She has grown so big 😍
💀💀💀💀 not the lysol spray 😂😂😂😂 well you asked what else she got from preschool 🤣🤣🤣
Saw ur baby interview on Facebook! This is awesome! I love seeing such fun family videos. And the theme songs have me sold SUBSCRIBED
OMG these interviews are hilarious 😆 Amalah is the Queen of spin, she answers no questions, but has you talking about firefighters👩🏽‍🚒 Priceless 😂
I love any video you guys make!!!!!!!
I love this as usual... keep up the amazing work
Well that's what she got!!!! 😂
She's getting so articulate in her words! I love this smart little lady!
This is the cutest thing ever
I love your videos and this video made make laugh 1:20  I played it over like 16xs lol
Don't question her animal sounds 🐊🐆🐅🦄 um, no 🤣🤣😂😂🚨🚒
LaGuardia, please admit that you are no match for Amalah or Nayely! Just give up bruh! LOL😂😂😂😂😭😭😭🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
She never  answered  the question!  😂
Who threw the water?
🤣 Don't be making fun of my boothang she know what she talking about! 😏😍
Great job, Baby!!! So proud of you, Malah! 😀❤😀
So much entertainment hahahah love this family 🙌🏻🙌🏻
She changing the subject man. She's not answering your question at all ......HO! NO NO  pls ,  don't fall for her cute smile. I'M JUST JOKING......... THE SAME WAY I TALK MY DAUGHTER EVERY TIME . MAY  GOD BLESS  YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ,
u drew fire, she drove up in da fire truck (siren included), n put dat fire right out.  good job, my gurl. 🤔😎😁
Dude,I was drinking something when you ask about getting something from school and your Nooooo's  are classic, i almost chocked and spit liquid everywhere....I can't take it I'm dead at pretty much every video.
There MUST be something that you got from preschool....😥😥😥🚫🚫🚫...😷💫...😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I died when he sprayed her at the end
I must humbly disagree, that was an incredible crocodile.  I was terrified for a moment
When he started dancing 😂😂
Is it selfish of me to say that I don't want her to grow up... She just perfect
Yeah she differently caught that cold from preschool it seems like my daughter has had a different one every week and she only started a month ago her first week she had one and I'm sure it was that little boy with that runny nose!
*There has to be something you got from preschool COUGH COUGH nooooooooo* 😂😂😂😂
Let me be messy.....she got that cough from a boy....he he he
2:40 that is so cute I forgot to count how many times I watched it.
Payback from throwing my baby on the bed and hitting her with bread is a bucket of water to the face!!! Git 'em Amalah!!!
well it looks like someone is about to make a school visit lol
Well at least she didnt distract you with the finger song!! We all know how much you looooove that song!! hahahaha
This made me feel good and blessed 😂💙💕😇keep up the blessing seriously ☺️
before I force you to drop out of preschool.... 😂😂
The Ending Tho When She Coughed 😂 Keep Up The Great Content My Guy. She'll Have So Much To Look Back On & Laugh At When She's Older
I can't stop watching the dance 😂😂😂
Amahlah has a crush on a guy
Great great job! I really enjoy it!
AMALAH is such a beautiful little girl. she has matured (???) so much within the past 6 months. My niece was beautiful like Amalah at that age ( still is) and one little boy gave her his mother's ring!!!!! She was in kindergarten!!!!. Seriously Amalah dodges direct questions like a skilled politician. Maybe she will grow up to become President.  Nayele (although not in this video) is such a skilled and articulate communicator, she will probably grow up to become another Oprah Winfrey. You and Leah have two beautiful, adorable and very intelligent little girls.
Yep- I've been a victim of that Toddler distraction trick when my kids were young and now my grandkids try it on me ! They're so cute tho !
I died when she told you that you're talking too much!!! Almost peed when the water was thrown on you!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂
My favorite part has to be the very end.... lol you are so silly...
That's all school is until about the 5th grade: germ cesspool 🤒😷🤧🤢 Thanks for the laffs!
Hilarious! The cough says it all. Welcome to shared germs. :-)
What an awesome way to end my night goodnight Cross family thank you for the laughter!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 the cough and spray 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lol at  threenager. 
I am literally crying laughing....omg! 😂 #adorable
Lmaooooo what conversation about boys?!
APPLES 🍎
0:34 another wild bird call
Sing amala
So adorable
So cute.
Funniest family channel on YouTube
That was hilarious!! Lol
Bless her
😂😂😂
Love it!
Too cute!
Love it!!!
This is hilarious!!
😂😂😍
1:21 lmfaooooooo 😂
I mean cutest kid ever!
Threenager!!!!
big girl!!!!
umm...no.\nlittle sassypants lol
😍😍
Lolllllll
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Get that Lysol quick🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
La Guardia, when was the last time you had a conversation with another adult?
Distraction dance by Amala\nDemonstrator:la Guardia Cross\nComing to stores in your north American stores get it now 50% if you buy two CD'S NOW!THAT'S INCLUDING TWO WORKOUT CD'S,DISTRACTION SONG,AND THE EXPERIENCE OF A LIFERTIME!*NOT REALLY JUST TWO MONTHS RENT WASTED*ANYHOW!💿💽📀📀💽💿😂😂😂😭😭😭😭 Im so bored
Lol lol
That face at 1:10
2:56 bruh my heart just melted 😭
OMG SHE CAN SPEAK SO CLEARLY
Lol!
😂😂😂💀
she grew up!!
I love it! 😂🤣🤣
Apples OH MY GAWWWW!!!! PRICELESS
Where’d she get that water from?? 😂😂
Wait uh until she starts cursing! Mothafu*k* seems to be their favorite! Lol!
Kindergarten?! You go girl!
Next time someone asks me something that I don't want to reveal, I'll counter with what color is a firefighter? 😂😂😂
Amalah never did answer the question about the boys names!!!🤣🤣🤣
My daughter is in preK this year--she's one of 3 girls in a class of about 12-15. Yup, that's 3 girls and 9-12 boys. Her besties are all boys. Only down side is them teaching her to root for the wrong team--she came home today cheering for the Buckeyes when we're a Bobcat family! Austie [Austin] taught me that is apparently enough explanation. LOL.
12/10/17 - #45 ON TRENDING !?!? lol this trending because of Harvey? lol
waaaaay fuck weinstein pizzagate is real boiiiis
I was in a similar boat to you, except Yasmin dried up my sex drive and gave me awful PMS. I’ve been on nuvaring for the last 3 years and it’s perfect. The hormones are released locally so a much lower dose. It’s made my mood great and I actually lost weight!
Ive never gone on the pill, mostly because i have no abnormal or really bad symptoms (other than i have a pretty heave flow) .
I was on microgynon and i felt horrible. I stopped hormonal contraception since 5 years, also went vegan and I have never felt better.
Does anyone have any post-coming-off-the-pill-acne advice? I've been off the pill for almost a year now and my skin just keeps getting worse and worse... I don't really want to get any medication because I know it's hormone-related so that wouldn´t really be effective. Also my hair has been getting SO greasy so quickly which is so annoying, I could literally wash it every 6 hours urgh any tips pleeeease
LUCY YOU STUNNER (also thank you for talking about the pill because youtubers like you, hannah and melanie are the only reason i know anything about sex/contraception/hormones because school teaches you nothing) xx
Also my rule I follow is to take what your doctor says with a pinch of salt. I know how wrong they can be lately. My mum almost died because of a doctor and she keeps letting them just fob her off.
I'm on the desogestrel contraceptive pill, which for me means that I don't have periods and it's completely fine and amazing! No mood swings and no physical annoyances. I've been on this for 6 years and haven't had a period since then. My doctor ensures me that this is completely fine and healthy. 10 out of 10, would recommend.
hey! my mom has celiac and she’s allergic to yeast just as much as gluten if not more, so you’re not alone
i’m so glad you decided to talk about contraceptives!! i was on the patch for a couple of months but it gave me a rash (yikes) so i went off that, and then in august i got an iud (mirena) and it’s the best/worst thing ever. my hormones haven’t regulated yet so i’ve been getting some of the worst cramps of my life, but my period is pretty much completely gone which was an issue because i have such a heavy blood flow. i’m hoping in another couple months my hormones will be a ok and i won’t have any more pain 👌
i feel like the luckiest girl in terms of periods , i get them about every 3 weeks and they are very light compared to the average from what i can see . the only side effects i get really are a few spots and being generally hungrier/a little more emotional . if i can give any advice to anyone who has horrible periods is excercise and balanced diets as that is something i practice as much as i can ! if i am eating worse and not taking care of myself my periods are noticeably heavier and my mood swings far more severe . \n(not in anyway saying that other periods are caused by a lack of excercise etc but this is just my experience ! 🦋)
“my womanhood just exploded out of me” this sounds like a line from a bad pornographic novel
I've had really irregular and extremely heavy periods with awful PMS ever since i started getting them. I thought they might even out as i got a bit older but i'm 18 now and went to see the doctor about them before i went to uni to ask if i could be put on a pill. Because I'm gay and not using the pill for contraceptive reasons as well she was really unwilling to give me anything hormonal and instead has put me on tranexamic acid to help with the bleeding. I'm yet to see if this helps but i think there's very little known about non-hormonal pills; if they work then i think they could be a great alternative for people like you who experience hormonal depression on some pills (at least if you don't need the pill for contraception).
I used to have pretty ridiculous mood swings and low points while menstruating, but since i've start the pill they've kind of evened out. I take Junel Fe and I haven't experienced ANY side effects aside from lighter flow! \nBefore I started the pill, I remember trying to cook an egg on the stove, the yolk proceeded to break while I was cooking it, and i fell to the floor a blubbering mess.
I struggled to take the pill daily so changed to the patch. There was next to no information on it and the doctors were clueless but I have had a good experience on it. My moods are pretty consistent and my PMS is no where near as bad as it was on the pill. Although you can see it in certain places I tend to wear it under my clothes. I would recommend it for someone who struggles to take pills daily as you change it weekly.
Why the fuck are feminists so obsessed with menstruation?
I'm allergic to concentrated yeast! It's a thing. Everything is fine except for marmite because of how concentrated it is. It broke me out in hives when I ate it for the first time.
Loved the video I find you so relaxing! I was hoping you could do a 'how cruel is my makeup bag' as you have a large following you can actually make a small difference even if it's just encouraging one person to stop using products tested on animals xx
I reacted so badly to microgynon , so i asked for yasmine and iv never looked back.  I love it and i feel so much more leveled out. This video was awesome thanks for ur honest pill journey story, i was getting really sick of youtubers banging on about how bad the pill is , theres been a huge amount of biased pill shaming , so this has been a welcomed breath of fresh air xxx
Thanks for talking about this topic. I, too, have had similar difficulties with the pill. I finally found the perfect one for me, but it's expensive, but I did find a coupon from the manufacturer that helps with the cost. I wish finding contraceptive wasn't so difficult.
For a while now I'm having a huge problem with PMS. Like  up to a week or so before my period, I start to feel really bad, emotionally. And by really bad, I'm talking suicidal. I do have depression and take anti-depressants for it, but I'm usually fine - unless it's getting close to my period. It's heartbreaking and really, really exhausting. So much so that I actually look forward to my period now because I start to feel better and more stable immediately. I'm not on any birth control, so I don't know if a pill could make this better...
There is quite a controversy growing about the pill in France lately. More and more women stop it because of side effects they don’t want to accept anymore. Consequently there is a controversy about gynecologists because they don’t listen properly to women, etc. I stopped my pill last March, after taking it for 11 years and I feel good. My libido is slowly coming back (which was the main side effect of the pill for me) and I feel less « upset and angry » all the time. I didn’t have any bad side effects. I like the fact that now my mood is way more fluctuant. I spent 10 years having a really « flat » and constant mood. Which could seem nice, but now that I actually experience emotions, I think I was like a robot in some way ^^
my contraception journey: at the age of 19 I went on the implant, I spent a year CONSTANTLY bleeding and I couldn't take it anymore. I then went to the doctors and for some reason (God knows why) the doctor decided to put me on the combination pill whilst I was still on the implant to see if it would stop the bleeding.\nAs someone who suffers with Epilepsy I have to be very careful with what medication I take because it can affect my epilepsy medication and my epilepsy in general. I started to suffer from Aura Migranes (basically if I was looking at anything my vision would flash from normal colour to all pink then all green - the only way I can describe it is like you have got pink and green christmas lights in front of your eyes and they are flashing so all you can see is the intensity of that colour). I went to see my epilepsy specialist and he got so angry at how the GP was so reckless with my condition. He told me to get the implant out and swap the combination pill to progesterone only as the progesterone doesn't affect my medication. so I did this then I spent the next year basically feeling numb, I had no feelings, it was completely flat like nothing mattered. I didn't enjoy anything, I didn't get passionate about anything, nothing affected me. Then I started experiencing pain and bleeding when having sex (obviously my immediate thought went to cervical cancer), so I went to see the doctor, had a smear then got sent to the hospital for a colposcopy. My smear came back normal but there was some abnormality but it was normal. I went to see my nurse (Ive had her for 17 years now) and she suggested coming off the pill altogether as my body might be rejecting all contraception as that can sometimes happen. I did that and the pain and bleeding stopped and it's taken a while but all my smears and colposcopys are coming back as normal. I am now 23, and even though Im relying solely on condoms (not the most effective contraception) I couldn't be happier. My advice to anyone having problems is keep going back, you will eventually get it sorted, don't suffer in silence.
I'm on rigevidon and I've have no problems with it at all. I have been on others in the past and have put weight on very quickly and struggled to shift it. But this hasn't happened with rigevidon and I have been on it for a couple of years
okay so i was in my health class and i was really annoyed and i had really bad cramps. So i like corrected my teacher when she said something wrong and she got really annoyed even though there were other people also making the comments. She then after class talks to me like why the 'fuck you actin' like that so then i'm just like i'm on my period. she then goes on about how periods don't change your mood and i almost slapped her or walked out but i just kinda had to sit there waiting to leave. it was actual hell.
I've never been sure if the awful feelings I had when I was 16/17 Was due to bad mental health, being on the pill, or being a relationship that was going down towards the end of it's run, or a mix of all three. What doesn't help is that after I broke up I decide to just give up taking it and started to feel better and was starting to finish exam stress SO WHO KNOWS MAN SO GLAD TO BE AT UNI WITH A COIL AND WITH A NEW PARTNER NOW
PMS is the worst. I'm currently trying to read up more on herbs to help normalize hormones as I've had some successes in the past (Rosemary Gladstar is a good resource for anyone curious).
What's the pill for ?
this video is so important. I went on the pill (sounds like jasmin from your description but I know it as estelle or brenda) and then roaccutane to deal with my cystic acne. once I finished the roaccutane, maybe a year later, mum suggested I go off the pill and doctor said why not so I did. within a few weeks I felt way more low than I normally do, and unfortunately that fed into my grades for the rest of semester (or was at least a factor). end of last year I went back on the same pill and felt more 'myself'. so weird that that's the case when i'm *on* medication though, and I agree with your dislike of having to depend on it.
I was in a similar situation as your friend where I completely lacked motivation. However I had a blood test done and found I was iron and vitamin D deficient so I'm taking supplements now. My mood has greatly improved thanks to it, so it's not necessarily due to the pill
Thank you for this video! Perfect timing because I have been having serious mood problems and I didn't know why. I did some research and found out it could be my pill... I'm changing brands soon and I really hope my mood will get BETTER! Love you and you look GORGEOUS!
i love this kind of video ! <3
hey thank you for making this video lucy ! it made me realise that i might be in a hormonal depression like you mentioned the pill caused for you, however i've been on depo provera / the injection for about 4 months now and my depression has been absolutely horrible. i got discharged from therapy earlier this year as i was feeling better about my depression but i had to go to back to therapy as i felt depressed again and it was also around the same time i started by birth control !!! so thank u :)
My doctor recommended me the Yasmin pill which I was on for about a year, and I found it cleared up my skin really nicely, however, I felt extremely hormonal and volatile in the off couple of days before my period. Because of this, I decided to go off of it and similarly, my skin became awful. It's taken me almost another year and a lot of skincare medication to get it back to the point of where it used to be, and I really wish someone had warned me about the consequences of going off of Yasmin.
for what it's worth, i know someone who is allergic to yeast! so it could be that haha
I've tried \nCopper iud (rejected)\nEstrogen projesten combo pills (had awful hesr attack like symptoms)\nProjesten only pills two different strengths (gave me same side effects combo pills did) \nNuvaring (again same side effects)\nMy partner and I would prefer not to use condoms so we are looking into surgical options as I am in a hetero relationship and don't want kids
Do you think your feeling of ‘craziness’ was because you had a break up, maybe you were dealing with that too?\nBut I 100% agree with the hormonal depression, I was on a pill once where I felt so low, I changed and it was so much better
I'm not sure if I just don't notice my period symptoms anymore or if they're just very mild. My periods are generally quite uneventful--I may be slightly more irritated a bit before, but nothing ever noteworthy. They typically only last three days and the only symptom I've ever noticed is some heavy cramping my first day.
Before you do 23andMe or anything of the sort I would highly recommend doing some research into the fact that they can sell your genetic data to third party companies etc!
I switched from the pill to the implant then finally to the copper coil/IUD and honestly having something hormone free has changed my life. No side affects at all apart from slightly heavier, more painful periods but generally better skin, mood, regular cycles etc. Copper coil all the way!
I'm on the pill which has helped with me getting depressed a week before the week during and the week after so basically i had one week of feeling like me and that sucked however i still have body dysmorphia and i get very emotional and everything is very sensitive which i hate and this period it was bad i hadn't seen my therapist for a week everything was building up and people were being right dick heads this week and what made things worse is that teachers at my school still don't know or even try to know about mental health issues and how to deal with someone having a panic attack non the less my period can do one :(
I'm also having an unusual series of periods. I still haven't got it, but I'm already bloated, I'm super hungry all the time, and I've been feeling depressed for a few weeks. And that's weird cause I never had mood changes before due to my period. I don't understand why this changed. Can your body just change like that even if you haven't done anything different in your lifestyle? As for the pill, I don't feel comfortable taking it, so I just don't :) To me it feels too artificial and I'm not a big fan of hormonal treatments (anyway, that's just what I do myself, of course, I think everyone should take their own decisions on that and that it's ok other people decide to take them).
I was recommended Yasminiq when I was 16 and still take it to this day. I took a pill break from october-november 2016 to february 2017 and I got the WORST CYSTIC ACNE. It just wouldn’t go away and I didn’t want to leave my house because it looked terrible and my face hurt.\nI know a girl in the UK whose doctor told her she should take breaks every three months? But my doctor said that I could just take my pill forever? I don’t know what to believe.
I've been recommended to double pack my pill by many doctors because of my horrendous period pains (endometrosis) never once been told its unsafe.
You'd be surprised by how many people are actually yeast intolerant instead of gluten. It also might be worth seeing if you're intolerant to Malt - as it's in beer, but only some breads and cereals. You could get an intolerance test done from a nutritionist outside of the NHS and it really helps! Saves time with all the trial and errors of eating certain foods each month! :)
Deep shades of lipstick look so good on you compared to just Dabbing on colour
About the food/diet thing, I'm suffering with IBS, which involves things such as bloating and feeling sick after eating. (Relatable to your symptoms)\nAt the moment I'm doing a diet called the Fodmap diet which is of course meant to help with the symptoms but the main goal is to find out what food triggers you by trying several categories of foods and keeping a diary. I've only started a couple of days ago, so I'm still very new at this but I thought of the diet immediately when you mentioned the foods that might or might not trigger you. It might not be useful for you at all but it is worth to google :)
I used to be on a combined pill that needed a 7 day break and it was horrible. The pain was unbearable (cramps) and I became depressed and also very angry. Kept lashing out at my family and then boyfriend. Changed over to the 30 day pill and I'll never look back. I don't have the same problems anymore, rarely any mood swings (my mood levelled out) and it helped calm me down and rarely any pain \nTrust your instincts on this stuff your body will tell you when it doesn't agree with something
I'm 23 and I've always had a really irregular period ever since I can remember. When it came, it wasn't too painful, it was ordinary length and everything, but there were months when it just didn't come. Once when I was maybe 16 or 17, there was an entire year when my period just disappeared, although I'm pretty sure that was due to the death of my brother which occured around that time. Now I finally did go to the doctor and I got a pill, I just started taking it, so I'm really hopeful that it will help me having regular, on-point periods again. If anything, it's really making me more focused and helps me feel a lot better, I've been down lately, but I've been much more balanced since taking it. Fingers crossed it'll work on the long run! :)
I feel like the pill is messing up my hormones or is it my mental health. I really don't know :/
I take Gedarel, as I was taken off Ridgevidon after my face broke out and I had lots of chest pain. It definitely cured the spots but the chest pain has got slightly better but hasn’t gone entirely. However, I’ve noticed that with this pill my mood is lower generally, and my libido/sex drive is non-existent which is very frustrating for my partner. I think I will be going back to the doctors soon to see what can be done.
I have been on Yasmin for 7 years without a break. I have no bad side effects and everything seems normal and manageable (3 day light periods, no pain, no acne, no bloating and minimal PMS). That said - I'm worried I could be hiding my true self! What if I came off the pill one day and no longer loved my husband?! Wondering if I should TRY another pill just to see... or, should I not kill a good thing?
Period day 3 still living just about
My implant is really messing with me, and I should go to the doctors, but I feel like male doctors don't really understand, which puts me off, annoying because my first implant was great
My brother has a yeast intolerance so it's very possible that you could be allergic to that. He also lives in London where yeast alternatives are a lot more available for things like yeast free soy sauce and suchlike :)
I can relate to so many of these pill problems. Taking the pill was just not the right thing for me. I used to get headaches that were out of this world, and it was every time during my pill break (so essentially my period) without fault. I knew that two days after going on a break I couldn't schedule anything with friends because I would be in bed with all the lights out and no sound whatsoever. Now since I am off the pill and using a non-hormonal way for birth control I am so much happier. I can't recommend it enough to try and go without hormonal birth-control for a while, it's so much better for your body and your mind (I used to be an emotional mess whilst on the pill, now I'm totally fine)!
See im on Microgynon and have been for over a year and it really agrees with me so far compared to the 3 others ive been on. But i really wanna come off and try the contraceptive app, but my partner doesnt like condoms. EH. LIFE OF A WOMAN.
every time i watch her videos i feel so peaceful inside <3
You do make me consider going to the doctors to try another pill... Even if its just to see what it would do to me Hahaha
I mean your aesthetic is just goals
The food thing may also be fermented foods? All GI doctors get you to do the FODMAP diet, I'm sure you've heard of it. Maybe talk to your doctor about giving that a go? Kombucha is also fermented fruits and stuff hence why I suggested the FODMAP diet. It helps narrow down which food group it is x
a book i read about nutrition told me to find out for myself what i'm intolerant to and how differents food affect my body (cutting stuff out, trying new foods, etc) it's a looong road but i'm willing to try it 🙌🏻
Also, I couldn't recommend enough picking up the book A Mind of your Own by Kelly Brogan. At least look her up on facebook or on her website
This video came at the right time! I have really heavy, really painful, super irregular period and I've been trying to research what kind of pill would help me. The thing is, my mom is against it. It's already been more than five years since my first period (it'll be six in April) and they've been getting progressively worse. This last period, I woke up twice at night because of the pain. And I was on a heating pad! I've been having to take two Aleve and an ibuprofen in the morning, then another ibuprofen at lunch or when I get home. I'm just tired of my super heavy periods and want some relief.
I'm having a very similar experience right now! I've been on rigevidon for about 8 months now, but starting in May, I began to have anxiety attacks about once every 2 weeks or so, normally in the evenings. Recently they've been happening way more often, and this period it's happened three days in a row. I know that rigevidon has caused similar anxiety symptoms in a lot of other women so I'm thinking of swapping to a lower oestrogen pill!
This was lovely to watch, especially as I'm on my period too! You're the only person I know of who has tried Cilest, it was the first pill I tried and I was on it for 3 years and the only reason I stopped was because it stopped effecting my periods and I just had irregular periods anytime instead of during my week break. I then went on Cerazette I think (mini pill) and I was on it for 2 weeks and it made me suicidal so I came off it and my GP was horrible about it but this was the same GP who didn't believe me when I came to her for help with anxiety and depression. I went on another combined pill for a while and then ended up back on Cilest and eventually on a cheaper version of it at the moment! I get awful PMS too I hate myself on my period. I get so forgetful, very irritable and impatient but also mega tired and I either want to eat everything or nothing. I can't believe some of the things doctors have said about the pill, taking two pills at once sounds mental! \nI take my pill 2 months at a time and then I have a week break because during the week break I get bad migraines and my mental health gets really bad so I try to avoid having a period every month and doctors have said it's okay to do it the way I'm doing it. I love watching videos about this stuff, I love talking about contraception and sexual health because it's a personal thing that I don't tend to discuss as most of my friends are on the implant and all tell me I should get it but no thank you 😂
I have a hormone imbalance. Probably have pcos due to most of the woman in my mums side having it. I started at 11. It was irregular, fairly light but very bad cramps. I have ibs so that interfered. After a year my period got heavier, began my descent into anxiety and depression, cramps got worse, acne EVERYWHERE other than my face lol. Gained an obscene amount of weight. I left my school and moved to a much better one. Two kinds of pills later I’m on sertraline and an anti acid with no pill. My periods are back and batter ish. I used to have them for 2weeks to 8weeks and now they’re exactly 7 days and only very very heavy for 2days. Zelest was great as it removed my periods completely but due to gaining weight I couldn’t take it. I went on the single hormone which really didn’t work. Bit babbly but you get the picture. Much happier now, still fighting my weight but I’ll get there. Ly girl - starting conversations from day one xxx
i read a historic book and suddenly started to cry...yeah hormons are great
I swear A LOT on my period and I'm so emotional
I love these type of videos.
I don’t understand why you put so much god damn emphasis??? on using cruelty free make up but you still but from shops like H&M? Like??? Why don’t you care about your clothes being cruelty free? I don’t... understand??
I’m on the pill Marvelon to help my skin and my period pain and my skin is incredible, I went from having acne to completely clear skin but my period pain is awful.. I accidentally doubled a pill this month when I was hungover (no idea why) and I’ve started my period early, usually I start on exactly the same day on my break week, but I am in agonyyyy, I need a pill that fixes my skin and my pain🤦🏼‍♀️ loved this video! X
I believe I have premenstrual dysphoric disorder. I also have really heavy, long and painful periods so that I cry from the pain and everything it is not a good time
I have REALLY bad cramps on my period, but I've just gone on the  rigevidon pill. I've just had my first period on the pill and I had NO CRAMPS!!!! I was the happiest person on the planet, so that's my story 😊
i’m on yasmin too!! i’ve been on a few different ones after suffering from intense cystic acne and yasmin with antibiotics has worked a treat but i’m so terrified of when i decide to come off it and get bombarded with it again!!
After 6 years on the pill, most recent being Desogestrel, I decided to come off it altogether. I feel liberated 👍👍 could not deal with the constant flat moods and not really giving a shit about anything - good or bad. Now I watch adverts and cry when i think theyre emotional looool SUCCESS
I've had the ethinylestradiol/levonorgestrel pil since I was 14. As far as I know it's been working for the last 5 years.
I don't think the issue is lack of training, but due to lack of research. Obviously research is being done, but how much of it by men? How much of women's health issues have been dictated, researched, etc. by men? And how many medications given to men for certain ailments are also given to women even if no research was done on women? There's a book written on the topic and I have no idea what it's called. \nBut this video is making me want to go back into Biology.
I was on cilest, and it was awful for me! I was so angry and so hormonal and irritated. I changed to rigevidon, which has caused no side effects and I'm thrilled! Just goes to show, it is completely dependent on each and every body. Don't just listen to what has/hasn't worked on your friend. We're all unique!
Here in Norway many doctors give you Yasmin to start off with, so I got that. It made me really down. I am normally a very happy go lucky person but on Yasmin i was almost sad. It took me a while to realize it, but when I did - swithing it made all the difference. Now I'm using Loette and have no side-effects. Well, right now I'm not using any pill, because I'm pregnant :) But I have been really happy and feeling like myself after switching pills!
I used Yasmine for my acne for about 6months and it did clear up my acne but when I got off it...my ance was worse than ever and I felt really bad in my skin. Now I'm off the pill and I'm looking for a non-hormonal way to not get pregnant haha! Hopefully some day the man-pill will come out...
ugh, periods are awful. for the first years of my period i only got like 2 or 3 in a whole year. I tried birth control but I have severe anxiety and depression and it just fucked me up so I gave up on that totally. Then a weird thing happened where i just started CONSTANTLY bleeding. like 4 months on. straight. tried birth control again and again it completely fucked up my anxiety and depression so i decided id rather bleed FOREVER than go completely insane. Then they found a huge cyst on one of my ovaries, the size of a fucking melon. SO had surgery and my periods seemed to get a little better, until i started bleeding forever again. THIS TIME my doctor was like 'listen, let's just give you a birthcontrol bill with no estrogen that we give new mothers who are breast feeding, really low dose of hormones.' I agreed and now I HAVE A MONTHLY PERIOD.\n\nCelebratioooooon.\n\nOf course the down side is that now I have 'typical' period things. I get really really emotional and cry a lot, I want all the sweets, I get terrible cramps and just lay in bed moaning and ranting about how unjust life is. Who cares. It is magic. MAGIC I TELL YOU.\n\nNow I just need to make up all the iron I lost when I was bleeding CONSTANTLY. Apparently blood loss really fucks with a person.
I have friends who take low-dose birth control pills for their acne. Not sure what kind, though.
The pill makes me extremely depressed! I've been off it for a year now and my mood is more consistent, but I still get depressed/anxious during the week my period starts. Its really good to talk about this!
It is very possible you may have a yeast intolerance, there are circumstances that lead to an overproduction of yeast in our bodies that can lead to intolerance. Funnily enough oral contraceptives with synthetic progesterone can cause it. I am getting this off of the internet, but seems like enough of a reason to go to your doctor and get tested.
I literally just got on the pill a couple days ago and had questions about people's experiences, so this video was perfect!
Will you do a video about bullet journaling?
Microgynon isn't often prescribed in Aus but I'm on a double dose of it, because while I don't have huge problems with blood flow, I often got my period two or three times a month for a couple of days (and yes, that included PMS symptoms). I tried many other pills including a lesser does of Microgynon, and my period would still come, just more clumpy and gross. Each to their own with taking pills but I'm so grateful that it got my period back into a normal routine.
Yasmin is the only one I've had problems on, HATED IT!!!!
I have PCOS, so I got my period for about three months straight and then not again for another year at a time (which had the side effects for bleeding so much), and then for two months and then not again for six months. the flow was extremely heavy all of the time. the pills would give me horrible rashes on my body and do nothing with my actual cycle. I tried about three different ones and then began the depo shot. i haven't had my cycle since 2014 but every three months around the time my shot is due, I do have serious mood swings, cravings, cystic acne and cramping. it's nothing compared to when I actually had my period, though. I have abnormal lower abdomen swelling from time to time and strong pain, but unfortunately I have not found a doctor that thinks that it's nothing more than yoga or drinking more water can change. I believe more people need to talk about these things because it seems like nobody knows what I'm talking about when I bring it up.
I have never used a hormonal pill however I do take a herbal supplement which has been LIFE CHANGING! I used to get the most intense cramps, back and leg pain as well as severe nausea and fainting episodes, every month! I had tried anti nausea pills from the doctor but they weren't always effective and did nothing for my mood swings and menstrual cramps. I visited a homeopathic clinic and ended up starting on 'agnus castus', a herbal supplement which balances my hormones throughout the month. It basically stops the huge build up of hormones on the first day of my period which was causing my body to go a bit mental! This literally cured me and if I remember to take my supplements everyday I can have almost no symptoms whatsoever - even less painful symptoms like breast tenderness has almost diminished! I know it sounds hippie and alternative and unlikely to work, but I have found the natural way far more effective than anything I have ever been prescribed. Homeopathy treats the underlying condition whereas, in this case with my periods, conventional medicine was just trying to treat the symptoms. I am now in the position where the symptoms do not occur. The only down side is you do have to pay for it however my supplements are about £9 a bottle and I only use up about 3 per year so it's a small cost for the amazing benefits I receive. I really cannot recommend it enough!
Love ❤️ your videos!
you seem like helena bonham carter
Youre hair!' 😍
microgynon fked me up
Mmmm another GRWM? Feed me I need more Lucy
shit.
'Best' pill for hormonal acne?
It might be barley
girl theres gluten in beer
The first pill i was put on made me bleed constantly (which was ironic since it makes a lot of women's periods stop completely). I didn't realise for a while that it was also making me slightly depressed. Once i was changed onto a different pill i felt so much better, i can't even describe it. My periods are still a tad irregular but they're getting there
I love how they can go back to their roots or evolve, but they never loose that beautiful characteristic sound.
Omg this song is just as astonishing as Nobody's Empire 😍
Just can't stop listening to it <3
it's like i'm watching life in a movie
Even a brand new song by you evokes a strong feeling of nostalgia in me 💛
Cool that the best band in the world announce their new project on International Mental Health Day. I LOVE B&S <3
damm this is sweet
OBOE FTW!
3 days later, and I haven't been able to stop listening. This song grows in you, discreetly and without mercy...\n\nWell, most Belle & Sebastian does.
Amazing work as always guys. Love it!
I'M IN LOVE
dig the song! here's a brief write-up we did about it https://zumic.com/ill-be-your-pilot-belle-and-sebastian-youtube-audio-single
I just loved it!
OMG new song!!  I love it
Can't wait to hear more!
Such a sweet song! Love you Belle and Sebastian 😚😍😘
Belle and Sebastian is Back!! *-* ..
Again the kind of music I put on at night and lay in the dark thinking of nothing but the music and the imagery it provokes <3 thank you for making my life better, b&s!!!
It's just so lovely  and relaxing
❤❤❤❤❤ Thank u for making this
Man, this is beautiful.
omg I'm so excited! I love it! Thank you, Belle and Sebastian!
Wow! New sweet music of my favorite band!!! Love it! Thanx!
I love you, guys.
❤❤❤❤❤❤
So I made the cover of this EP, the good looking one in the hat..
Ich liebe Euch. Greetings from BVB-City.
💖💖💖💖
I love this! <3
love LOVE love.
Sublime
Yaaay! :)
great work
This is not nostalgia, it’s just a band doing the usual, without being affected by the poor music changes from the last 15 years
Needs a stronger melody and Lying here in the sweet sahara is like something a sixth former in English class would write.\nB&S were always bitter-sweet, but this is just plain mawkish.\nI loved Nobody's Empire and some bits and pieces off the last few albums, but it does feel like they've kind of petered out creatively.
Reminds me of the music from this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocd1D8fwdjU
Beutiful 😍 Love it 😊 Come to Mexico someday please :3
Nice try to retrieve some of your original sound. Utter failure though, atmosphere is lacking.
What are your thoughts on Mike Ditka's comments?
Holy fuck I don’t like the kneeling during the national anthem but no oppression in the last 100 years? That’s fucking crazy.
we at espn think mike ditka uses 'classic kkk language', what do you think? well espn i think you can go fuck yourselves
Man Trump is letting all our heros come out the racist closet
Martin Luther King, a preacher who preached non-violence, was murdered 49 years ago. A man in his 40s was alive when his peers & parents were actively committing terrorism in the name of racism. This is the dumbest most racist & idiotic shit I've heard since this morning reading Trump tweets.
When did First Take become CNN/FOX News? Smh.
Fuck Mike Dicka...always knew he was a Racist. Fuck him!!!
Mike just needs to die please Mike die you piece of shit and let me know we're he is buried so I can piss on his grave die Mike die Mike!
I *was* a Packer Backer but now I LOVE MIKE DITKA.  At least he's got courage and conviction and he stands up to the pantie waist cry babies who turned a great game political.\nNFL can all stop playing for all I care, I won't watch.
Typical ignorant rich white guy. Your time is over guys, you generation is getting old and dying off. Just go off into the sunset you willfully ignorant fools.
I, at one time loved ESPN, Mike and Mike was my favorite all time sports show on radio and TV.  I even liked Stephen A. and Skip B.  ESPN has become the CNN of sports talk media.  Cancelling my Direct TV today.  Will never watch ESPN again. (Espn don't want whiteys support or viewership), WISH GRANTED.  Pretty much done with the NFL.
Ditka is a piece of SHIT, and always HAS been.
They say the kneeGro don't READ lets see....\nSome one tweet Stephen House kneeGro Smith Please! \nBrotha WAKE up and stop serving Cesare Borgia(so called Christ you see everywhere)!!! you like MANY OTHERS of your Nation are seduced by doctrines of men!!! (Matthew 15:9)\nWE ARE THE WALKING DEAD!!!! \nPROVERBS 21:16 \nThe man that wandereth out of the way of understanding\nshall remain in the congregation of the dead.\nUNDERSTAND AND STOP ACCEPTING WHAT MASSA CALLS AND GAVE YOU!\nPLEASE STOP we are not Black (look in crayon box) not Afro-American (hair style)\nAfrican -American(named after 2 so called whites Scipio Africanus/Amerigo Vespucci) Negro(=black latin=niger) Colored (LOL enuff said!) YOU can't buy a Plane ticket to none of them so called Nationalities Ethnic groups and or Race  they gave us!!! WHY ARE we the only nationality that has so many different names associated with us??? WHO ARE WE??.. one word Confusion WE ARE LOST WER ARE SLEEP the Walking DEAD! and its situations  like the MUSIQ the TV SHOWS brothas like Stephen A still LOST co signing this ignorance the ones that think they made it but sound dumb as hell when they speak...that keep this cycle of ignorance going!! when the HELL YOU ALL GONE WAKE UP? what did GOD call YOU..but OH you only believe on HIM when you need and want but News flash FOOLS GOD not listening LOOK AT US!!! JOHN 9:31 sums it up  WE KNOW GOD DOES NOT LISTEN TO SINNERS HE LISTENS TO THE ONES WHO DO HIS WILL(LAWS STATUES COMMANDMENTS Psalm 40:8)\nWE ARE the HOLY ISRAELITES the Bible Speaks of! decedents of the slave trade!\n\nOur people are the walking DEAD we really think we made\nit but still populate the worst neighborhoods in every city And we still\nglorify it and then get mad when a so called Kneegro gets gunned down we are a\nCURSED people a degenerate society  but GOD choose us to be above every other race on this earth but we to damn ignorant to even care or want what's ours\n(Deuteronomy 7:6  For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God: the LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth.)\n\nno one FEARS GOD we have no understanding of real LIFE!\n\nPsalm 111:10The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: a good\nunderstanding have all they that DO his commandments: his praise endureth for\never.\n\nWe have to get back to GODS laws statues and commandments\nwhy are we the greatest Nation on the planet but continually stay on the\nbottom? \n\nwe are the most copied people on the planet but are at\nthe bottom continually imagine if we obeyed the SABBATH the correct way with no\nbuying or selling on Friday sunset to Saturday sunset the economy would be\ncrippled in one weekend!!! Imagine if we kept Gods dietary laws the Pork\nindustry would DIE! imagine if we didn't destroy our own the prison system\nwould crumble imagine if we married our sisters instead of using them for sex\nand leaving the single parent home would be NO MORE we would finally be a\norganized Nation!\n\nWAKE UP ISRAEL!!! \nShalom \n\nthe only POWER you Fools have is your wallets MAKE A REAL CHANGE A REAL STAND!!!\nLISTEN TO GOD FOR ONCE!! (Deut 28:1)\nObey the SABBATH CORRECTLY!!! Fri Sundown Sat Sundown(Leviticus 23:32) no buying or selling cooking clubbing etc etc etc.(Nehemiah 10:31)...meaning don't go out and spend your check you slaved for all week!!!! SAVE $$$ \nIF GODS CHOSEN DID THIS ONE THING WE WOULD CRIPPLE THE ECONOMY IN ONE WEEKEND!!! And end these lying churches  who worship on the false Sabbath sunday!!! Just Google Saturday IT SAYS 7th DAY OF WEEK!!!!! Genesis 2:2 And on the seventh day GOD ended his work which he had made and he rested on the seventh day!!!!!!\n\nYall that damn dumb deaf and blind come on!!!!! Don't you WANT THE EARTH!!!!(Duet 7:6) Forget 40 acres and a damn mule!!!  \n\nNew Challenge some one go on social media and start it I cant stomach social media!!!\n#OBEYGODNOTMAN\n\ntake a stand a one that WILL have an effect because no march no knee no fist has changed nothing!!!! FACTS\n\nDO NOT celebrate observe participate in ANY MAN MADE so called holidays WHO made them GOD or MAN? \nMark 7:8! You have let go of the commands of God and hold to man made traditions.\nGOD gave us HOLY days  read Leviticus 23..\n\nImagine IF WE DID NOT partake in the TRAP that's HELLoween Fakesgiving and Xmas\nTHE US economy would shut down NOW that's CHANGE guaranteed!!\n\nbut yea I know I'm wasting my time but most kneegros don't read let alone read all this but if you have you are now MARKED and will get whats coming.....  Ezekiel 3:17-19\n\nwant more study 4yourself get with REAL Family google \ IUIC your city or state these the only brothas and sisters on that JAMES 1:22!!!\n\nITS HIGH TIME WE CLAIM WHATS OURS BY BIRTH RIGHT!!!\n\nShalom
You don't like it ?  Leave the country?    There is a reason that those words are said time and time again.    The main reason is that people knows that those words hurts.    If you show someone your weakness then they will attack it.     If you stop worrying about what a football coach says and start worrying about providing for your family then the world will be a better place.     Sticks and Stones can break my bones but words will never hurt me.    White folks know how to push buttons because everyone who isn't White gets buttsore over words.   Call a White Man any name under the Sun and he will probably laugh about it,  call a black man a reggin niknits and all hell breaks loose.      Sticks and Stones will hurt a lot worse than being called a cracker.   Lol Has anybody ever gotten mad at being called a cracker.    Go to a black section of town and yell out  How are Y'all Porch Monkeys doing ?   and see if you don't get beat to a pulp.   Go to the White section of town and Yell Out  How are Y'all Honkeys doing?       Black,  Hispanic, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese. .... all of you people need to get more clever with your name calling because I know Y'all can do way better.    Look at how creative Black Men are with music. ......surely someone can come up with something better than  Cracker    .     White Folks don't get mad when you call us names.
I totally agree with Steven A, and I am from Chicago and I am a huge Ditka fan but this ignorance really hurts the mind.  Sorry Ditka but if your mindset is that far out of wack then I cannot support you.
Ro Fu your a fool has nothing to do with communism or capital has to do with basic human rights which you clearly missed. Kneeling before the flag doesn't disrespect it in any way. Many times people kneel in prayer or reverence. However when Kap or all these other player kneel they want you and these other people to take notice. Rather than sit down kneeling is a way to show respect but still protest. It's amazing that a act this simple doesn't affect the game at all could be such a problem. He and others clearly said they don't hate this country or the army. This issue with the flag seems to have triggered people like you but that is not our message it is  that we don't like the direction our country is headed.  No one seems to speak anymore thanks to your president Donald that we want cop killing to stop ! COPS SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO SHOOT SOMEONE AND JUST GET A SLAP ON THE WRIST WHITE OR BLACK. THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE FLAG YOU ALL ARE BEING FOOLED TRUMP IS TRYING TO DISTRACT EVERYONE FROM THE REAL ISSUES. HE IS TRYING TO DIVIDE THIS NATION AND YOU GUYS ARE LETTING HIM WIN. It's sad truly it is
It's really a waste of time to enlighten a racist minded individual it has very little to do with not being knowledgeable about the fact of Oppression in this country but has everything to do with having those people that don't look like you to have a glaring disproportion of Justice and equality I'm sure if the roles were flipped white Americans would not be nowhere near as patriotic as the Black African descendants of slaves that continue to build this country into one of the greatest country that is without truly being accepted or granted the very same rights as white Americans yes the laws are there but the justice is not I truly don't believe White America will ever understand and never will want to understand why so many black people here in America feel up the ghettos if they only knew how hard it really is I know many educated blacks will never work in there field of work because of the white you write rule Black you get back if you're Brown stick around may sound funny but it's the truth we as black Americans have adjusted to that system to a point that many look very content and very happy so white Americans pretty much think that they're happy why are they complaining they don't understand being turned down from a job a entire career because White fieldwork places refuse to have a staff work under a black supervisor and many times give the opportunity to a Hispanic to avoid lawsuits claiming there is your minority and in these cases they are white Hispanics. Racism just has evolved but hasn't gone anywhere today the most clear indication is law enforcement tells a lot about America we see communities where there there is 75% or more black minority and there's less than 5% black office in many places there are none at all don't even talk about the justice system when we still can't have a jury of our peers maybe one or two the most I don't see too many white Americans racing to live this type of life have these type of road blocks living under these kind of conditions me as a black man feel that you pretty damn lucky to be white in America we see more blatant racism because of the integrating of black and white relationship and a few blacks that are economically sound and moving into Suburban white neighborhoods and last but not least a black president which was mixed race which never was considering his White side of he's family shows you how segregated minded White America still is so we still have these problems after four hundred years Confederate flag still waving Confederate monuments were placed during the integration era to only keep a strong reminder of bigotry so yes America is the greatest racist Nation in the world that is clearly nothing two be proud enough to stand and pledge not even for white American who's truly conscious of its continued history a fallen short of is Creed that all man is created equal and justice for all
Mike Ditka in real life is a asshole..Thats saying it nicely..Hes rude to everyone
JOE NAMATH SUPPORTS NFL PROTESTS, COLIN KAEPERNICK & PLAYERS\nhttp://www.rumormillnews.com/cgi-bin/forum.cgi?noframes;read=85357\nGET THE WHOLE STORY
The flag is a symbol of a country where non violent protest is a basic freedom. To protest honors the flag. Strategically I think protests during the anthem are wrong because the protest becomes the issue instead opening up a national discussion about police over reach.
A racist old white guy...what else is new.
Mike Ditka was 21 in the 1960s when the Civil Rights Act passed\n\n\nGeeh...I wonder what he thought about the Act.
Steven a should let max his skin lol he's more of a Blackman than Steven a
I saw those comments in my local tabloid and my jaw hit the floor.  I wonder if Ditka really knows how ignorant he came off.
Besides white, who is, Mike Ditka, and the people, who share his views?
What Mike Ditka thinks is actually irrelevant. Look at that dinosaur. He's him and his moronic way of thinking are going to be long gone very soon
national anthem was written by a Slave owner,  thats Talks of killing slaves tryna be free...
If Mike Dikta, along with the other white folks, object to persons exercising their First Amendment right, then I suggest that he/them move to a country that prohibits free speech.  North Korea is one country that I suggest.
Don't play the national anthem at all.  Play the game.  Shut down the protest and Trumps tirade
Wht ppl look for opportunities to escalate it
I'm of the opinion max needs his own show on espn, and allowed to say what ever he feels. He is incredibly articulate and intelligent and seems to honestly love sports.
We need to wipe the history books of slavery, if  African Americans never knew they were slaves then they couldn't blame the white devil for all their problems.
Fat, old, stupid, racist same as Trump.
I am not surprised by Mike Ditka
United States President Donald John Trump: Talks tough, through tong twisted terminologies. Taking back America; Make America great again; 'Those disrespecting our country and disrespecting our flag.' Really? What country? What and whose flag? There is no American flag.  Don't he mean the national emblem and flag of the USA?! {Star Spangled Banner} http://usaa-plus-promise-lands.blogspot.com/\n....\nAMERICAS: AmericAfrindian ArtistCHD1, always wisely, acknowledges and accepts, and accurately articulates, as geographical land locations identified as, South - Central - North America. Commonly called continentals, inclusively islands. And apparently isn't a country, nor namely nation. Fact!  http://artistchd1.blogspot.com/  \n...\nNote Needless: nationalized Neanderthal Neo-Nazis = negative notoriously known killers, (Ku Klux Klansman), namely N...words = wanna-wish-we-were whitewashed, white supremacy; superiority superpower sick Sociopath Sex Slavers. Submissively serving sinister scientists - satanists - sadists - sexists. Sorcerers seafaring serpent surreptitious snake System SATAN!!!   \n...\nTruly, those termed thus terming themselves the; blacks and browns and whites. Really don't have a country nor nationality. Ask yourselves these simple questions?: where is black-land?, white-land?, brown-land? Really read research ref. Blacklan: http://black-klan.blogspot.com
Unfortunately a large chunk of the population agrees with Ditka and thinks he's 100% right. Civil war, Civil rights, voting rights, segregation, Jim Crow all hullabaloo about nothing.
Someone explain peonage to this clown Ditka... blacks have literally been enslaved within the last 70 years let alone 100..
You mean the same Mike Ditka that predicted Trump to be President, and you idiots are still butthurt! You are a fool to say anything against Ditka, he's in the hall of fame and you guys are? Insignifigant morons! Get of the slavery bullshit! Really? The dems are yhe original supporters of slavery and oppression and jim crowe you idiots! There was no slavery in the 60's dumbass!
Max u did it?!! Awesome job👍🏾👏🏾👏🏾 I’m proud to be an American now.😉
Can we get over this yet?
He hasn't seen oppression in a Century? One how old is he and two. Your rich and white and still have a fan base. You shouldn't see oppression unless you got lost in the wrong side of town.\n Furthermore Ditka grew up during a very turbulent time did he not watch Television in the 60s?\n He is attempting to still be relevant just like comrade pony tail. They should do a movie together like bucket list but called kick the bucket already.\n DITKA IS A CUCKOLD, I retract that statement so it's like it never happened, right?
Ditka's brain is a grapefruit.
Max u weren’t even around when it was going on just stop white boi
Ditka should be REMOVED from the football hall of fame... what a trump loving turd nugget!!
People shouldn't apologize for how they feel, they should express it. Some hoes just love to hear game.
ARE YOU SURPRISED HELL NO ! BACK IN 83 MIKE DITKA TRYED TO TRADE WALTER PAYTON BUT NOBODY WANTED HIM. HE DISRESPECT VINCE EVANS AS QUARTERBACK. HAD A CHANCE TO GET HALL OF FAME QUARTERBACK WARREN MOON BUT DIDN'T. HE IS SO LOVED IN WHITE CHICAGO THAT HE DOESN'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT WHAT WE THINK  OR SAY . BUT  KNOW THIS  MIKE DITKA THAT RESPECT YOU THINK YOU HAVE JUST WENT OUT THE WINDOW AND NOW HISTORY WILL SHOW THAT THE REAL COACH OF THE 85 BEARS  WAS  FUCKING BUDDY RYAN !!!!
Mike dicker? 😂😂😂 Stephen A. Smith I heard you
Name an oppression in the last 100 years and I'll show you first world problems
Mike Ditka needs to have his name pulled from the Pro Football Hall of Fame.  No one who's that ignorant and foolish should hold that honor.
It wasn't just blacks that were oppressed 100 years ago. So were women, so were catholics and so were other immigrants as well. Look it up Protestants 100 years ago were oppressing catholics up to WW2 pretty much.
The NFL is dying and this idiot is helping to throw dirt on it!
the true racists are showing there faces.
When Mike Ditka screwed Hof Walter Payton on the 1yard line in the 85 Superbowl I knew he was a clown.
There has been no oppression in the last 100 years...., says the white guy.😳
Looks like Mike Ditka finally came out as being ignorant  as FUCK...who knew?!
Mike Ditka needs to die. In a matter of fact all racist whites from that generation need to die. That includes Jerry Jones. Fuck him and fuck racism!!!!!!!!!!!
Dick head is a Trump supporter...enough said. This bastard wasn't shit as a coach, and ain't shit as a human. He has been a racist bastard way back when..the hell with him
Ditka is a racist bigot, always has been.
Just another dumb ass stupid racist Trump supporter...He has said stupid shit before...No surprise...Trump and Ditka went to the same old racist school...
SCREW YOU SMITH...YOU ARE A SERIOUS JOKE !!  AS LONG AS EVERYONE AGREES WITH YOU AND THE OTHERS .....THOSE ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE THAT ARE ALLOWED TO BE HEARD??? JOKE....FREEDOM OF SPEECH BROTHER....AND WHEN WILL THESE PEOPLE CHOOSE THE PLIGHT OF THEM IS OVER....ENOUGH ALREADY!!
shove it up the ass of POLITICALLY CORRECTNESS...FOR IT IS 'ANTI CHRIST'...........THE FLAG HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH WHOM YOU ARE..........GOD CREATED YOU......NOT THE PIECE OF CLOTH THAT COULD HAVE BEEN CHOSEN TO MAKE UNDERWEAR ...............DECIDE NOW......WORSHIP A PIECE OF CLOTH (the flag).....or WORSHIP 'GOD'!!!
I wish Walter was still here to slap the shit out of ditka
I was 7yrs old when over the PA System, the segregated school I attended, were informed as to the assignation of Dr. King...a few days later I watch his funeral in TV.  I guess Coach Ditka, being 20+ years older then I...missed those events...
There is no institutional oppression
Damn he ever heard of the civil rights movement
Mike Ditka is an ignorant man, overrated as a coach (Buddy Ryan was the driving force behind the defense which made The Bears great) To prove the point, this idiot gave up all the Saints draft picks to draft Ricky Williams. He's a not to bright and was overrated in his profession. (in my opinion)
Disregardong the fact that u speak like a secondhand witness how did poles work harder outnumber 3 to 1 out manned physically by bigger stronger black men who it can be historically proven were force fed narcotic stimulants like cocain to keep them on 20 hours days do some research son.
Thank You it is a disgrace for intelligent men white men in mostly as Mike D. Now Trump we know is stupid in all understanding But please. stop showing us who you are.
STEPHEN A SMITH IS THE MOST BOOT  LICKING NIGGER I HAVE EVER SEEN ..
he was wrong for saying 100 yrs lol its been more like 30 yrs but other than tht he didnt say anything wrong
Leave this old hag along he got cte,Alzheimer's,dementia
What a surprise.... white guy says there has been no oppression...
Do Mike Ditka know that if Emmit Till was still living today they are not that far apart in age?
i read a tweet today that said that emmit till would have been the same age that mike ditka is now had he not been murdered for being a black kid whistling at a white woman..  at 14 years old... so yes mr ditka.. there has been oppression in the last 100 years.. A LOT of it...
Mike didn’t miss anything, he feels that black Americans should be treated that way, so for him it doesn’t matter. No adult human being could justify that type of ignorance!
First i will start with these articles form the pass to the present and Mike Dicka's is an old school bigot!!! I dear you to look at these articles and if you do you will see why Mike is s wrong with his hundred years nonsense comments. \n1. Black men soldiers \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSZTHGOGA0Y&feature=youtu.be\n2. Fire Chief racist remarks  keep in mind he has the posistion to hir and fire people.\nhttp://bleacherreport.com/articles/2735250\n3. City commissioner racist remarks can also hire and fire \nhttp://m.brownsvilleherald.com/news/local/article_e959f208-a3a8-11e7-a5d1-1f47d3cd06b6.html?mode=jqm\n4. The Mike Bennett incident \nhttps://www.si.com/nfl/2017/09/29/police-video-michael-bennett-las-vegas\nthe list goes on and on. so when people say black people is playing the race card think twice before you speak, if it doesn't not effect you directly you dont know what other people are dealing with every day.
Max is always on point.
Oppression hasn't happened to just black people. What do you call the ND pipeline protests?
Fuck Mike ditka
Max Kellerman is a white cuck
FUCK  NFL.
He didn't know because he was living his life. Nothing bad was happening to him. This wasn't his problem, and that's the problem today. If it's not happening to you, you don't care and might not really even know. And that's why people don't care or know today.
Nothing these self-righteous Democrat hypocrites on ESPN said (against the Strawman they set up to knock down) has anything to do with Ditka's criticism of the NFL players disrespecting the American flag and the anthem. For those who need help in critical thinking, visit www.InfoWars.com or my critical thinking blog @ www.EllisWashingtonReport.com.
BOYCOTT NFL
Ditka is a dick..............................OK, I should not have called Ditka a dick, I should have called him an ignorant racist dick.
Fuck Mike Ditka forever and his family! Why explain to that pos that something racist has happened in the past 100 years? He know that he's lying he's just a pos and should be dealt with as such!
Fuck them racist black Americans! Get 'em Mike!
Ditker....
Niggers smell like shit
Shame on Mike Dicka
Old fart Ditka is still relevant ?
DITKKKA
fuck Ditka
Sports Please.   Bye Bye
Maaaaan.....Aint Nuttin but Attention Wanted and ANOTHER Corny Ass Distraction And Errrbody Eatin iT😐😐😐. 😧YaLL wack for even payin Stupidity some mind
mike ditka for office. fuk u bitches!
Mike The Bulldog-Terrorist Ditka.\n*SPITS*
Ditka got kellerman and the libcucks triggered.  Ha Ha !!!
fuck Ditka
Mike Ditka another Ty Cobb.
THUMBS UP THIS VIDEO ONLY IF UR NAUGHTY LIKE ME ;)
hi
David is NAUGHTY!
Do a blindfold beer taste test challenge
Nah nah nah fam i say nae nae
I hate when you make a different voice it's annoying
You should check out the DAISO in japan. The store is like 5 strories high.
Sasa g
The green tea is baaaaaaaaaaaaaad I’ve tried it
I was hungry af but it OG david so I have to watch
I now daiso
i love pockys
Too many adds sss. Omg I’m soooooooo triggeredddddd aahahahhhh
My fav is chocolate banana
Were is the 2th part of arcade
I had pocky cookies and cream in USA
S naghty David
Isn't thanksgiving in November?
Strawberry is so addicting
Yo David there’s a Dyso in Richmond, British Columbia
U SHOULD TASTE TEST SRIRACHA FLAVORED FOOD
Please do more pokemon card vids
WHAT A FUCKING BANGER BDD(Big Dick Dave)
Wolfie a snake
DavidParody since 100k
Tast chocolate almonds
Dave:these are OVVV \n*camara turns off*\nNOMNOMNOM eats em all
never had them\
This guy said mocha
David:”let me see the smell”
ireland boy's production sent you;D
1 sub to me you will have a nice day.     \n5 subs you grow your channel will grow very fast\n50 subs you will get 100 subs.  \n(That’s a lie but common)
Dude not a lot of people like green tea I do love it but majority of my friends puke
guys can i hit 100 likes its my birthday today
I came to StoryBooth all they way to ur channel! 🙂
What is your fav pocky if u tryed it
Things in your room
DAVID U LOOK LIKE BIGMAN HR BEATBOX AND HE IS SO FUCKEN GOOD *korean btw*
what happened to team alboe? like i just want david, wolfie, jad, sean, and dj please that’s all i want
Is it just me or does it bother people how he chews
David: If you have ever been a kid,...\nMe: what?
I got 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 pocky’s in my bank account
I got 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 pocky in my fucking house 😂🔥
I got 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 pocky sticks ready to eat them up 💀
do burning shadows packs and pick 3 and 4 in the store
No i bo not be i want food🍕🍔🍟🍱🍤🍝🍖
Some bitch samham trying to be you fam took ur winning song and everything
David made me Lowe key hungry
SUH SUH G\nsorry for my bad english
david u should do a toblerone chocolate bar taste test
omg I loved the flavour of that banana medicine
Can you come to Switzerland pls
Where is the best flavor of all Strawberry pocky as seen in the thumbnail big dick daddy Dave 🤔😮
Dave do a video like opening Pokemon packs but instead it's timhortons 1$ hockey cards
So guys
I just subscribed!!!
i got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 pockies in my diet gout.
The  spicy one
10*3=18
Hi
go to the clout house with wolfie
You know where DavidParody should go to Costco and try the food.
Like I would ever exit out of a David Parody video
David what happened to Wolfie he left alboe?
Where you get Pockys from!?!?!?
There is also vanilla flavor
I seen the cookies and cream at my local Walmart
Chocolate chip is good I tried it and chocolate banana
Your awsome pocky is the best send me some david
you could fit two dump trucks in that mouth.
Where i live it has DAISO so i have tried all these pocky flavours and different types of pockeys
If u like this comment u r notty like David btw I don’t know how to spell notty or whatever XD
you look like ricegum\naaaa
DavidPardoy, i likED your vids, now they r boring, your vid content r becoming boring ;/
Is it gay that he gives me an erection
I,v been your fan seans day one
Anyone I got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 pockey in my bank account?
when he said '' I got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8'' i lost it
hi my name is gabi and I just seen your STORY BOOTH and i loved it
can I be on a video of yours
8ms in my bank account
Am I the only one that noticed that he called pineapple mango
This is for you David Like if your from Canada
I challenge you to build a box fort
I found the grape one in Canada and mocha
It's melon not mango
I'm sick and you made me laugh and turned my day upside down so thank you very much david
I only tried the strawberry and chocolate one because I live in kawaii
Dave got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 flavors of pockey now \n\n21 savage parody coming soon
The blueberry and mango squeeze picks I would happily have
If ur Asian and didn't grow up with poky ur ov and not a og parods and a real Asian
LIT VIDEO!!! PLEASE GO CHECK YOUR INSTAGRAM I TAGGED YOU AND THE WHOLE OF TEAM ALBOE IN THE PICTURE I REALLY HOPE YOU CAN SEE IT IF NOT SEARCH ME UP its_ye_savage21 AND ALWAYS STAY SAVAGE YEEEEEEETTT!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 pokies in my bank account! In my bank account!Like if you love David parody
Yo david where your girl friend at dude
what does a vab mean? is that how u spell it?
Hello
“Tell me I’m wrong”. Your wrong
what the fuck's a Pocky?
I love COCONUT POCKY I WE WE WE WE LOVE COCONUT POCKY'SSSS
I subbed and turned on notifications and liked
Hab
Was that slender man look back at 9.05
Also is that a BTS jacket I see-
Do the bloody Mary challenge!!!!!!!
Them
What is Caoimhe's accent??
Omg!!
Hi
Hey you guys are cool 😜😜😎
There was a white man, who saw??? 😱
When Derek said who else wants to jump... did anyone else see a person in the window 😂imma die
Who else was flipping out the either time?
Awesome video guys! I was pretty creeped out and scared, I absolutely love your channel btw❤️❤️
you guys should go to more haunted places more often
I heard a girl keep on singing
is that a bts jacket
When the hay door was opening and shutting I literally screamed. Comment if you also get scared really easily
Hi my little sis loves ur vids her name is Natalia . She wishes she could sub but she doesn't have an YouTube account. Sad
The boy when they where by the church
My idea of a haunted house: a house with Donald Trump inside
Thereby sheriffs hhfb to dance together and start dating back to the party 5hat and 6musically 60i76rwmnit38y is a tri tri and talk to dance together and start dating back to the party the Highbury 357h58ugtu4y46eueiiu8ur yûkgktugjhjfjfcngjgngjmgkgmgufngjgmgifkgj ufyruruururufhg yyhrhtjfjjtbufnungitnit 5urjfuhdřhddfdhufhrifnfifngjfntintify ehģuf
Did fracentin talk to you
You should go into a haunted hospital!
I went on google translate to search up what the sign meant and in English it said \nchild rights right to free meiningsauberung information and hör
I think that derek and Caoimhe make a cute couple💏💏💏💏💏💏💏💏\nI'm sad that Derek i gay though😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖
You should do a DIY costume or somethingg :D\nIlysm Rachel (*´꒳`*)
I think I saw a ghost while you were looking for Tyler 👻👻🤒😈
Everyone HEARS A SLAM does screams and smiles.       Me Hears a slam FALL BACKWARDS CRYING
BTW, the sign says: Children's Rights- Right to free speech (I used google translate, I don't know any german)
i love you rachal\n❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😘😍😘😍😘
Keep Penney floating
WOW
Any Ytubers wanna support each other??
I would be ded
The bottom window😱😱😱😱
Me
You rock no YouTube's are brave enough to go @ night
do more viedos please and my instagram is _chloe_3
I miss your old videos, the DIYs, the skits the anything but vlogs
That is so scary
I saw a person with a white mask on and no eyes on the mask
I want to see ghost to but if u mess up with ghost they will mess up with u too to make your life unlucky
Did anyone else see that mannequin??
that was so creepy omg I was like holding my breath and the rock throwing tower  are freaky you guys are brace to in there that is \nAmazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Honestly when tyler went missing i was SHAKING
Omg did anyone see like when they were like at the shed thing and Rachel was like I’m going to throw up like did anyone see a man with like a white face by the tree like wtf is that
Omg that was so scary when the door opened I was freaking out!!!
I love all the animations, it's makes your vlogs unique!
I wanted to see what was in the bottom window
Rachel I know how much you love snapchat loveing the dog filter
I saw slender men like if you saw him
The video isn’t scary it’s just the music and voices I hear 😂 (the video is pretty funny)
Three AM is when all the ghosts come out because three AM is the devils hour
I heard singing but idk if that was part of the song you put in the back round
Make more videos with your puppy neo
I would run as fast as I could go to get out..
hey I am so happy for comenter of the hour
Don't want to be mean but I liked you more before you started the under vlogs, and I hope you will make some videos like before :'(
I dare  you to do Bloody Mary
Is it possible cor you to confirm that toured cousin still exist and in of sound mind? I feel pike the platform you have should be used in a case like his....I'm actually worried...genuinely dm  me or anything
OMg your the sweetest person I know and also can we talk about your amazing hair cut subscribe and I hit the bell
Wait…was caoimhe wearing a BTS sweater. OMG.
You should have done it three days later on the 13th. Does anyone agree?
My mom doesn’t believe that I can get 100 subscribers in one week
Welcome to the spook hotel we have lots of stuffed animals  🦄🍔❤️🐺🐶🦊🐰🐨\n\n\n\n\nFood and drinks🍕🍕🥓🥓🍯🥖🍍🍠🥞🥕🌯🥝🥃🍷🥂🍹☕️\n\n\n\n\nAnd don't forget intertanment    🖥💻📱⚽️🏐🎱🏀🎾⛳️🏸🏒🥊\n\n\nThanks for staying at the spook hotel
Did anybody else see the white manican where the door just opened by itself
Saw a white man and legs in the top corner before tyler scared you
Can u do next abonded house or park
I heard singing...
That Looked Really Scary
Who the heck slamed the door???That scared me so badly
Deutsche!!!! Sneeky I'm Dutch.😅
Dammmnnnnn that was scary!!!😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😵
Yess girl u guys just go towards the ghost....peace out for me
For Friday the 13th pls do a scary vlog .I ❤U
Derek looked terrified XD
Clickbait shit
GUYS TOMORROW IS OCTOBER THE 13th  PLEASE DONT DIE
You didn't finish the episode
Y’all should subscribe to our channel😘🔐
Why are you guys so brave, and I'm hiding under my blanket because of Dora and Barney?
I live in germany
I live in Italy!!!\nWhat part of town where you all In?
aww man I just realized ive watched all of the Under Vlogs. ;(
So 3AM in a haunted house is normal!
That was SCARY! your so brave to go dere
Google Translate says that the Kinderrechte sign means: Children's Rights Right to freedom of expression, information & hearing
I hard a sameone say      Hello ha ha ha I’m here
Omg i can t wait for the video with ii superwoman ii. I waited so long for you two work together!!!!
OMG! You guys are crazy, I all most peed myself! Damn you Tyler! ;-) x
Who saw that white man
What did they see in the barn( when they screamed and ran away?)
Do something scary tonight it is Friday the 13th
You're in Germany?
caoimhe you should really start a youtubechannel i love you💕💕💕
I saw a monster hand on that wall with all the names
I saw white man🎈
Add me in Snapchat Rachel I added you and you didn't respond
Im so happy now that she did a vlog series
When the door opened I saw a man in the backround
First dlc was the poison of the gaming industry & now it's loot boxes
Imagine a racing game, where you had to race 500 times to unlock a new engine, and then you could only unlock the second worst engine in the game, before you had to race another 1000 races to unlock the second best engine.  Then another 100 races for the ability to use wet tires.  and then another 100 to unlock adjustable downforce on your wings, so that you could actually control the car with the engine you got because you didn't have any way to know what it would be like using each upgrade, and what upgrades you should be looking for early on.
hands up who's suprised. No-one? Thought so. Fuck this game
Guess I'll play campaign to death and online for shits n giggles.
Ea announced that they are going to change the loot system and that there was a fleshed out progression system that is in the full game, just didn't make it in the beta. I will quote dice on the fact that the most powerful star cards and weapons are obtained from in game achievements and stuff. You also get rewards and progression form each class you play. This game isn't fucked guys :)
EA have gone down hill for several years. And now they hit rock bottom. After BF4 I stopped buying their games.
It's an EA game, the most absolute money greedy gaming publisher in the world next to KONAMI. Of course they will done fucked it up! EA always does this shit. Boycott is the only way to get rid of this poisonous shit system in the gaming industry.
Not going to be purchasing this garbage as much as I was looking forward to this...not unless the progression changes significantly
Joe you can also get crafting points from getting the same card again. For example if you had 25 out of 50 cards then you have a 50% chance to get the same card. This means you now have a 50% chance to get more crafting points. So if you had 50 out of 50 cards then your going to get crafting points no matter what.
Song at the end anyone?
Can we go back to the 2000-2010 era of gaming? This decade sucks.
i look forward to the full game review rant
Campaign? If not Fuck you EA.
Well I'm out and if this turns out to be the future of video games I'm out of gaming entirely.
PLAY TO WIN is so stressful, I like games, but people take everything so seriously, I will do my best, but I can't guarantee PLAY TO WIN, although I did pretty good in the beta and unlocked all guns and a few attachments.  Still it is unfair to market a game out there as PLAY TO WIN. Don't get me started on those LOSE CRATES. always a disappointment and It takes so long to get used to them.  I didn't major in statistics, I like the 3rd person. FEE TO PAY should never be on a BETA.
ORIGINAL SWBF2 SERVERS ARE BACK ONLINE, COME PLAY
The scary thing about this is you know this game is going to sell a ton- it’s Star Wars... and it’s coming out right around the one of the biggest movies of the year.  I thought nba 2k18’s microtransactions were bad, this is on par if not worse.  Pay to play and  paying additional for loot crates to win... makes me not want to play new games.
U say so a lot
This kind of skinnerbox bullshit is why I don't buy games often anymore.
It makes me cringe seeing all these angry comments just going by the beta...THE BETA PEOPLE... NOT THE FULL GAME...
I don't know what to do about it. How about don't buy the game?
I feel so bad for those people who were stuck in EA's Creator Cave.
I played the beta and had fun but still not buying it day one or even preordering. But one thing I can definitely say is that I genuinely have no interest in buying crates in this game. They're just simply not interesting enough. You get daily boxes anyway so I honestly don't give a shit about buying perk card things.
Time to start a revolution motherfuckers  !
Money talks bull walks don’t buy simple
It's really easy. Don't buy games that do anything like this. That's that.
Was on the fence about getting this game. So thanks for the heads up Jo.. Sounds like a PTW grind-fest and the kind of game i could live without. GG EA.
It's like he's never played a beta before.
I can tell this game won't be getting a 10. Probably a 7 - so an improvement over the first Battlefront game.
Yeah, hate their monetization model, but i love gameplay in this game( I'm simply have no choice...
Too many idiots, including youtubers thought the progress system of the beta was going to be in full game, they did as an experiment to know how the gameplay would feel with random cards.
Even many free 2 play games have micro transactions that only give cosmetics. So these companies that force you to pay $50+ dollars for a game are just flat out greedy and are poisoning the video game industry.
Gambling produces more profit than any guaranteed hand crafted content ever will
I missed the fucking beta. I was a Star Wars land for Christ's sake.
i played the beta unlocked every gun and got a lot of boxes. Didn't spend any money.
This shit is what happens, when business people get into our community and see only Dollar signs, instead of when people who are actually the artists and want to make fun stuff take care of the development. I'm not buying this crap. Gaming is really not what it used to be anymore....i am trying to still have fun but all the multiplayer, pay to win, DLCs, open worlds, unfinished messy games or sjw shit are really driving me to look for other hobbies.
I know what I'm gonna do...not buy the game\nthis sucks pp
Victory poses are the new diaroma guys
not buying this Shit Game cause of that
The money men are destroying gaming...they are a cancer in this industry, they destroy and takeover...they spread, infiltrate and eliminate! Gaming is a goner! I remember my years on the ZX81 and then the ZX Spectrum, the Commodore 64 then the Atari 800...good years, filled with fun...nowadays you're buying a game that isn't finished or complete, filled with insidious micro-transactions that take away the 'goodness and fun' that gaming can bring!
Welp good thing they are changing this
This was almost the first game I had pre ordered in so long. My gut feeling was that there was going to be some type of shennanigans going on with the release, and here we go. SO thankful i never ended up pre-ordering. Who am I kidding anyway though, ill still only be 5% complete in cuphead by this time next year anyway.
American publisher are greedy fucks but itd normal usa is a very greedy country and act like the world pilice ;^)
So basically they did the League of Legends Blue Essence shit except there's a $60 entry fee. The way I see it, these modern AAA games are like those wall hanger swords that look fancy as hell but are dysfunctional as hell. Then people who don't buy into EA's shitty practices (or any AAA game for that matter) OH JUST ENJOY THE GAME, I WILL ENJOY THIS AMAZING GAME WHILE YOU WON'T!!!XDXDXDXDXD\n\nI rather have a functional sword that looks boring rather than a shiny sword that will be useless and probably be obsolete in less than 3 months.\n\nBut noooo, to these people\nGraphcs negates shallow gameplay and the fact that a majority of the game will be payed DLC when the game is already irrelevant; preparing for the next installment.\n\nI have been playing SC2, LoL, Terraria, osu!, and LLSIF and have been having a lot of fun not having to deal with random shit. OH BUT IN LEAGUE YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR THE CHAMPIONS XDXDXDXDXDOTA2ISBETTERGETGUDSCRUB.\nCept its still free and your rewards are increased via time put in. Not to mention with said currency you can PICK what you want. Purchasing outright with the in game currency I mean, not the weird RNG champ shard system.\n\nLLSIF has got to be the most fair F2P mobile Rhythm game system I have ever seen!\nIt just rewards you relentlessly for just showing up!\n\nTerraria is just outright insane to give you so much damn content despite the fact it goes on sale for like $2 during Steams crazy sales!\n\nOh well, if they want to pay $60 for a game with decent graphics but insanely average gameplay, in addition to bleeding their money out, they can go right ahead. The only up and coming game I'm looking forward to is AI War 2.\n\nOh and bare in mind the Witcher 3 sold very well despite not spamming DLC like a mad man. So the they need the money argument doesn't really apply. Then again all EA does is spend all their resources to make their products as shiny as possible to redirect peoples attention to the fact that the game is average. Fuck look at the sports games. Older sports games did more than all this modern shit.\n\nBut you know how it goes, EA lies for the 500th time and people will still listen despite how many times they have failed to keep their promises. If you want to be lied to, go right ahead.
This game is going to have credit farmers the same way MMO's get gold farmers. If everybody gets the same credits, you'll have a lot of AFK's and bots. In fact, the faster you lose games, the faster you get credits, so it's an incentive to throw games. Taking it to the logical extreme, if you can match up with friends, farmers will just create all farmer games and lose on purpose to mine credits quickly.
Rainbow six did it right. If you win a match you can either get a alpha pack or if you don't you get a better chance of getting one next time. If you lose a match you get a better chance of getting an alpha pack next time you win. You cannot buy alpha packs with real life money. Only with renown you get by playing the game.\n\nEdit: The alpha packs are for skins and uniforms, nothing that you need to play the game. You don't need alpha packs to get guns or gear like grenades.
DON'T BUY THIS GAME. The ONLY way to send a message to these publishers is with your WALLETS. This HAS to sell much worse than the previous battlefront game.
Was going to buy this and shadow of war.... and foza 7. Fuck them all. I'd only buy forza 7 through a key reseller because not 1 penny of my cash is going to the publishers. Fuck 'em.
And when a game with entirely free dlc, only cosmetic micro transactions, and fantastic reviews (titanfall 2) nobody bought it!! Players are at fault for this because we continuously buy this shit.
This is actually sad, i was really hoping EA wouldnt do this, but, i was too niave i guess. Im not buying it now :(
This game is going to end up costing the average gamer over $300
you know something is wrong when AJ is stopping himself from tearing up. I STAND WITH YOU AJ. I AM not buying into any premium game that has any sort of MC's. doesn't matter how good a game is, I will not support shitty business practices.
you know what the funny thing is even the advantege of having stuff to win is mute cus youre getting no reward for winning
Thank you for not doing a dumb skit
Watch the new update by ea!
Angry, thanks for this video.  I'm so dissapointed by the new loot system because accorinding to your estimates to unlock just 12 weapons, where each crate is acquired after 5 hours it would 3600 hours OR 150 days of game play.  YES 150 days of playing to unlock just 12 guns!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is totally unacceptable.  I was so hyped for this game but now EA/Dice can go do one.  I will be waiting to see if the release has this same drop rate and if it does I will not buy BF 2.  This will break my heart but its better than getting taken for a ride by greedy gaming companies that just treat their customers like cash cows!!!!!!!!!
A few things honestly I'm sick of the toxic community you produce your a great guy but man your community isn't great. I understand the distaste of micro transaction but they did announce that all dlc post launch is free. To do this they need to make money from this game to pay their employees to make this content. There was no doubt some for of micro transaction was going to happen. Also if your going to complain about any topic please at least try to wait for the launch to properly critic the game instead of blowing up an issue easily solved. With that said glad your doing well and successful. And I hope this game is enjoyable to you
just don't buy this game ... problem solved!
EA has just responded regarding this dilemma--it's nowhere near as bad as people were making it out to be; Westie has already made a video covering it too, I highly suggest you watch as it contains some much needed good news 😉
Nothing like a Star Wars battlefront 2 trailer for a video trashing the game.
I for one will NOT buy any $60 game that contains microtransactions.  I remember once I grinded 80 hours in one week with Battlefield 3 just to unlock items; I will NEVER do that again.  To hell with this industry.
Man fuck this lootbox shit,  where's a good mod that simulates Star Wars combat stuff for Project Reality or some shit?
This is way worse than SoW
I have no interest in this game to begin with but that loot crate system is clearly fucked. I'd rather just pay $80 for the game and have everything unlocked than have to play for 4,000 hrs to unlock it all.
We used to joke about games will sell animation, victory pose, etc. Now, it's not so funny anymore when it's real.\n\nIn a few years, you must pay per stages.\n\nAnd it all started with Just cosmetics, it's okay, knowing well it was the start of slippery slope.
I don't agree with the loot crates, but most of the stuff from them wasn't good enough to provide much of an advantage over other players anyways. A shitty player with a little more ability damage still has no chance against a decent player with a little less ability damage. If someone tries to pay to win they'll just be out a bunch of cash and still suck. Plus, I got a shit ton of crates just from leveling and playing certain classes during the beta. Hopefully they'll make a better progression system but at least whales won't be too OP. That's how I felt during the beta at least.
I couldn't care less for some shitty win pose in Battlefront II. At least in Overwatch it's presented better.\nAnyway, I think I'll be skipping yet another Battlefront.\n\nProgression through loot boxes...\nI'll agree with this if one loot box costs 1 cent. Although then it will be a pain to even open all of them.
im not gonna buy this trash, thx for the warning
We are not losing this battle against EA, we are rather losing it against the millions of people who pay for it. And that is actually sad.
Joe you should do a response/update video on this as Dice has come out and said that they are changing the progression and loot crate system\n\nYou said a few times that all EA Betas are just a preview of the game and that they never change systems like this from the Beta to the release game
they fix the problem
Game is fun, but the way you progress in this game is absolute trash.
Dont buy the game. Not worth the trouble.
Sees loot crate then walks away.
SIMPLY BOYCOTT
You suck
EA worstttttt company in 2017
For the loot boxes
P2W Microtransactions?? Really?!?! Fuck this game.
lol joe is so funny
First off “FAAAAAAAAA—” second off this sucks pee pee
Boycott these games!
I'm not defending the loot system at all, but hear me out. I believe you get specific loot crates catering to specific classee when you level it up and it comes with that classes specific gun. So if you play assault and level it up, you unlock a crate that comes with the next gun in the assault class so you don't need scrap to unlock the guns. I played the the Battlefront 2 beta and didn't spend any scrap to unlock a gun. The only time I spent scrap was to buy mods for my guns, but I can agree even that is pretty shady.
Well, they said they’d change it so lets see how they fix this.
EA are cunts plain and simple...fuck their pay2grind less bullshit!!!
I’ve played GTA Online for 4 years now and have logged a total of 115 days, 11 hours and 30 mins in there, which well above the average gameplay hours. My friends have logged in around 30-60 days in 3-4 years of playing casually. 3,600 hours is 150 days of gameplay. That says enough.
Knowing that the loot crates won't be the same as the beta version really tears this up. I am not paying cash for a loot crate.
imagine buying a house and you had to buy the kitchen and bedrooms seperately
I'm absolutely disgusted how far our corporatized industry has fallen. Very few good apples left, Battlefront 1 was yet another shameful unfinished and half-assed EA game. Yet, these aren't your typical Mass Effect or Battlefield IP's this is freaking Star Wars. Nothing is sacred anymore, Ima go stare at a Witcher 3 poster and use the force to make The Witcher 4 come out sooner.
It's literally people like Totalbiscuit that are allowing this kind of shit to happen. They hold an ignorant mindset towards gaming,,  and support being able to just buy stuff instead of 'wasting their time'... because the money has gone to their head. That element of 'wasting time' is actually known as, playing the game, but alot of industry WHALES ignore that, and throw money at everything.\n\nIf you were the developer, and you had stupid people like that, throwing money at you for game content instead of playing to unlock it, why wouldn't you include that option? It's free money from stupid people. Yes it ruins the industry, but because whales still support their actions, they have no incentive to stop.
Not a big deal for me, I'll still be playing it.
Fucking asshole with your random ass screaming into the goddamn mic waking me up and shit. On God I hope your dumbass videos never find their way into my feed ever again
I personally don't mind microtransactions in Battlefront 2
Quit whining
After the recent explanation from EA about lootboxes, the only thing i can say is that there's no salvation for this game. Whoever defend this crap is just an idiot (or an EA employee). Better to get the first game, it's at 5dlls and has all DLC
You think EA will only charge $1.99? For anything? ... Joe... Ever the optimist. EA always charge more than everyone else. These loot boxes will be $3.99 for one easy... But you wont be able to buy one straight up.\nYoull be given purchase options that allow you to buy enough EAbucks for just under 2 loot boxes.\n\nSo you've got one box. And you've got dead points in your account reminding you that you are very closer to being able to afford another.
I was thinking : corporate bubble...  Do they have any focus groups?  I doubt that even their own employees (from very bottom and up) would have favored this system in anonymous internal focus groups.  I feel bad for the hard work some had to do to implement this money grab/gabbling which won't get very far (there is no player fidelity with the tons of games out there, which is a good thing).
So. Everyone who cried about the lootcrates: \nIt was only the beta. Dice responded to your silly outcry. It's not pay 2 win and it never was.
AngryFaggotCuckShow
I feel like this is capitalism’s fault
This was the sweetest thing ever. I love that he is so muted in his personality but the love is deep. That bag is amazing!
Glasses look purple and hecka cute. Yes you buying dogman clothes would be awesome.
I hate pants 😂
You're so cute Bunny haha
thats purple
They're purple.
totally purple... LOL
I feel ya Bunny, i wish I could live in capris...alas I would freeze to death or get nasty frostbite damn -40 degree winters here.
You two as a couple just made my day 🤗
Omg u look so good in the first outfit girl
Ok so... I’ve watched a lot of Bunny in my day but I just need to say... she’s hella wine drunk in this video! I get it girl. I’ve been there!!
Leighann and Grant had a really cute video too.
Wow so sweet of him to surprise you. Xoxo u guys are awesome!!!
Bunny you look awesome in those olive pants! And those glasses are definitely purple. You look great in almost anything I think. Your beautiful and adorable 💖
This video was the cutest!
I literally cried near the end. HAHAHa
I would watch your I buy my boyfriend's outfits video. This one was pretty great!
So cute! Please do a video where you buy clothes for Dogman!
Dog man should be in more videos, he is so funny!
Scoops scoops\nLove the video so cuuute the both of you!\nC: he did so good!!!\nBtw they're purple and in different lighting it looks blue violet.
Ok now you HAVE to buy dogman's outfits! This was the cutest xx
OOOOOH! You should *totally* do a boyfriend buys my clothes from a *thrift shop*!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DOGMAN IS THE BEST FIT FOR BUNNY! yin and yang!
You two are so adorable!!
Yes buy the boy some clothes! I love dog man I would like to see him in more videos x
I dont like pants too!! Lol you and jenna should collab
Seriously, you guys need your own clothing lines, Graveyard Girls and Dogman.
when are y'all going to have a baby!?? :)
I LOVE WHEN DOGMAN IS IN YOUR VIDEOS!! for collecting cats😂😂 He's so sweet😍
This Gucci Bag tho  Dang i want it too 😭😱
You 2 are the absolute cutest. You make me wanna believe in love again
God they remind me so much of my boyfriend and I❤️❤️❤️
Purpleeeeeee, haha they are purple. Dogman is the man, you two are the best. Hope you guys are this and even more happy for the rest of your life!!!
Soo cute. It's funny, because you guys looks like me and my boyfriend.
*love is in the air* the way he looks at you... is the same way I look at food hahaha
I like the way you've got the same fitbit strap as me 😊
Ahhh I love the Alice in Wonderland dresses and the Lolita style too!!\nEdit: Also I think the Gucci box lid was on wrong; the nothing matters was probably supposed to be on the same side as the (that) much
You two make me so happy.  Oh the glasses are purple, sorry Bunny
I love them together I need something like this in my life😭
The end of the video is beautiful : )
You are so cute together! Goals!
😭😭😭😭😭 So sweet!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
Those glasses are totally purple
Dogman and Bunny are so cute!!
I love yalls relationship
WHAT IS SCOOPS ???
Fantastic husband!!!!😍
You 2 are adorible
this is perfect!!
Yes yes yes, buy his outfits too!
Greppfroot?!
Omg Bunny mentioned Scarce.
The sunglasses are purple 🙈
Dog man legit looks like David Dobrik with a beard lol
The matching sweatpants had me, the blue and orange combos were great, giggled so much. But damn that Gucci bag was gorgeous! You guys are so cute.
You are just the MOST adorable couple!! What a fricken sweet bag too! 😍
DO IT FOR HIM YESSSS
Dog man designs coming to a store near you!
The glasses look purple in the video.  Dogman can put together outfits well.
Made me cry, when he surprised you with your bag.
Dogman is so sweet! Love you guys!
Him surprising you with the Gucci bag is 👌
the relationship and the video 💯💯💓💓💓
Awwww Dogman! He did fantastic with the shopping!
Bugs are some of the nicest animals you'll ever meet Tell that to the termites eating my home
the dress looks good on you 🤠
I was cracking up when he said that bag is not almost as tall as him lol
Yes I want to see the video
Bunny, those glasses are definitely not blue....they are for sure purple
This was AWES-MAZING!!!!! Dogman ROCKS!!!! Always the best when Dogman makes an appearance. Well done! I think this is the best one of these videos I've seen. YES!!!! Buy clothes for Dogman!  (sorry Bunny but the glasses are purple)
I agree with Dogman that those glasses are purple!!
Scoops!! Loved this you guys are great
Please do the girlfriend buys boyfriends clothes!!!
Very shock-in, I’m loving my new vocabulary
100% purple.\nPlus purple is the best anyway.
Omg, you need to watch Lolita, it's sooo good, but kinda sad, but good:p
i would love to see you buy clothes for him!!!
I love dog man, he is literally the sweetest bean
He's so cute 🙈🙊🙈
I am so behind!! Please someone tell me what “scoops” means?????????
Is forever 21 and hottopic under the same mother company? I saw those smile earrings in forever 21 back in like April.
I cannot with how great you two are together. So sweet.
What is scoops and why do they keep saying it?
Is there a hole in the butt for your cotton tail?
Do the buying of dog mans clothes!
i hope you do the girlfriend buys  boyfriend clothes vid i would love to see it
When have I ever been excited? -Dogman 😂😭
You two are absolutely adorable ♡ please wear all of these - maybe not the Cat collecting outfit together though. PLEASE BUY DOGMAN CLOTHES TOO.
awwww i love dogman hes so perfect for bunny
Well done Dogman!
This is the cutest video ever☺️☺️☺️☺️
aww he really loves bunny...just the way he looks at her
He did good!  lol so thoughtful 💙
I love them so much.
And I have a 🐰 bunny and  a 🐕 dog heart a 🐰 and a 🐕
AND YES DO THE GIRLFRIEND BUYS BOYFRIEND OUTFIT CHALLENGE IT WOULD BE EVERYTHING
doesn’t Jenna marbles have that jacket
I love you Bunny, but I have to agree with Dog Man, those glasses are as purple as the purpliest thing I can think of.
This video was so much fun to watch ^_^
You two are so precious together 😍
It's time to rewatch gilmore girls))
Congratulations again and I hope you're feeling better now!
I’ve bought it all, love it! Hope Tan will make some tutorials using these products! 😘❤️👍
Very pretty, I hope we can get some here in Spain
nice haircut, tan.u always inspire me and ur videos are always joys.
Atypical on Netflix is such a great watch! Talking of atypical, you remind me so much of Casey from the show in this video! I think its the hair 💗
That jumper and the earrings are divine!!
Who are you and why are you posting all these videos?\n\nAnd why have you paid Google to trend your videos?
that collection is gorgeous and so so practical!!
tanya from where we can get your lovely products in uae????
Congratulations on such a lovely collection Tanya!!
Outlander you will fall in love with it
The Fosters is a great tv show! Love your videos ❤💕💕
Lucifer is brilliant! Tom Ellis from Miranda is in it and it's great. It's on amazon prime and on Netflix.
My bank balance is going to hate me 😍
Ray Donovan I'm binge watching at the moment 👌🏼 so good 💋xxxx
This made me excited for vlogmas !! Idky but it did ☺️☃️🎄 I hope you are doing it again this year! If not I understand!
Hubby and I really enjoyed Big Little Lies (HBO). Great mini-series, if you haven't yet watched it. :)
You should watch This is us!With every episode you descover something new!It's amazing!
hoping to spend my birthday money on a few of the christmas bits!!!
Where did you get that mug? It's lush! Feel better soon x
What an awesome pop-up!!! And I love the quote at the end :-)
Tanya well-done the packaging is spot on
Congratulations! It all looks dreamyyyy! Can’t wait to start doing my own YouTube videos, you’re such an inspiration 💜✨
The good place on Netflix is amazing! 👍🏻 x
Tan! I dreamed that I was going shopping with you at waitrose haha!
You need to go and see Zoe and Alfie! Xx
Martha was so cute at the start of the vlog she is a little cutie lol 😂 love your videos Tanya lots of hugs from Ireland 🇮🇪 😘
Congratulations Tanya! This collection is looking amazing. Lots of love x
I went to the pop up shop and it was amazing, so proud of you tan💘x
taaan please do an updated hair styling routine with this shorter hair!
I love your Christmas Range. I got the lip duo and the dark plum cherry colour is my fav :) and the calander is amazing x
Can't wait to get my hands on some of these fabulous products, Congrats Tanya xoxo
Well done Tanya I feel so proud of you 💕🌸🌸
Girl Boss on Netflix is really good :)
Hey guys i just uploaded a new video 📸college lookbook 🙈it would mean world to me if you would check it out 🤗link in bio 📸thanks in advance id you subscribed 💁😘
I'm obsessed with watching outlander! Season 3 just out on amazon prime x
you should watch The Good Place. it's such a good show!
Love you, Tan! You're so sweet!
Try Sudafed nose spray to unblock your nose and get a good night's sleep.  It's a revelation!  Get well soon 😘
You would love Hart of Dixie :)
I'm currently watching Are You The One which is a good show to put on in the background and it gets slightly more addicting over time!
Products are looking so lovely! I can't wait to get some! Xx
holy moly how are all your viewers SO GORGEOUS???? literally every girl i saw was so pretty
OMG😱😱😱 I wish I could have been there. How could I access your products in USA?
How did you apply your eyeliner? It looks flawless!
Will the box with the eyeshadow palette, and lipsticks be available at feel unique? It’s not on their website!
Where are your earrings from?
I just started watching the new season of AHS 😱😱😱
I love your Christmas Collection! Is there anyway to get the Advent Calendar shipped to Canada? I didn't see it on Feel Unique..
Congratulations, your products look amazing; hope you feel better soon 🌸
Your Collection!!!!  I'm obsessed with it ALL!!
Tan makes me want to seriously consider moving to London
The products look awesome I wish I could get some
Tin Star is so so good!!! I think you’d enjoy 🙌🏻
I have recently started watching Outlander and I absolutely LOVE it. If u haven't watch it I think u will like it a lot ❤
Hi Tan, congratulations on the collection, it looks amazing. So proud of you and all your accomplishments, you are my inspiration. I am in Australia but i will see if i can get my hands on these goodies xxx
The show case is so beautiful 😍 would love to see it all things happens in London nothing in Dublin 😔i am happy we can purchase here though 😊
So sweet and kind 💖💖💖✨
I seriously love you Tan! I’m sorry you’re feeling poorly:( I can’t wait to try to get my hands on more of your make up range! Living in the US makes it hard! Congrats!
Sooooo in love with this new collection! Can't wait to get my hands on the advent calendar again! I would 100%recommend Rellik in BBC iPlayer, 5 episodes on there already & the finale is next week! Love you!!
I really wanted to go to the pop up shop, it looked amazing tanya :) I live so far away from London but i'm excited to be at the liverpool book signing soon too!! I love the collection this year tan its gorgeous :) Hope you get better soon i was the same i'm almost better now but had a horrible cold over the last week or so. Selfielash is amazing hun, I have used it everyday since i got it from the insta competition :) The walking dead and american horror story are my favourites right now tan, def give those a go if you don't already. x
Beautiful collection! I ordered a few of your lip products and a pallette last year and I love them. Will order some more to try this year. Highly recommend The Handmaid Tale series on hulu.
For tv shows recommendations, I would say 'Sherlock' and 'Downton Abbey' :)
Congrats on the Xmas range Tanya! I live in Portugal so i'ts hard to try it out, but It looks amazing. You should watch the Mini series - The Handmaid's Tale. - Just won 8 Emmys and it's amazing. I'm sure u'll love it! love u . Take care. Xx
Finally a beautiful and cozy tanya vlog again. This was so nice to watch. Really hope you're doing Vlogmas this year. Over the year I always watch old vlogmases all over and over again because I love it so much and it makes me feel so happy. :)
Your products look amazing, beautiful display, unfortunately am out in South Africa, next time I visit England or move back I will definitely be getting your amazing products well done hun x
I uploaded my first vlog today, you really motivated me to start YouTube and I hope people enjoy it as much as I had making it!
So great see all of your hard work come together in what looks like an incredible collection Tanya, you should be so proud of yourself! I also appreciate the time and effort you go in to make sure your products have the right formulations, it makes such a difference to whether or not someone stays loyal to a brand, keep up the great work!
Which exact ones are the bottoms from topshop?
Just have to say how proud I am of YOU! Remembering the early days when you would model for Sam & Nic. What amazing things all three of you have done! That you're just as beautiful & sweet as ever is what keeps people supporting everything you do. Congrats, Tan!
I don’t comment very often, but I really wanted to say how much I respect your work ethic♥️😊.  Even when you’re clearly not feeling well, you get up, get dressed, do your makeup and get it done!!!  (And look lovely whilst doing it, I might add!). An true inspiration.  I hope that the young ladies watching realize that all you have, you’ve come by it honestly... through hard work and determination.  Well done you!💗💜💘💕
so inspiring !!http://intelligently-fashionable.blogspot.com
God your hair. #Hairstylegoals
You look lovely!! ✨
Tanya i love you vlog
watch big little lies.
Just got the advert calendar yesterday
Feel better!
ur Christmas products look great
Riverdale xx
Love the pullover😍🔥❤
'Outlander'. All the way.
You're amazing!!😘
Love your Christmas collection many congrats Tanya xx
Martha is the cutest!!
please say you're doing Vlogmas!
Lucifer on Netflix ☺️🙌
Outlander!!!  So good!
Congrats Tan XOXOXO
Congrats Tanya! Lots of love xx
congratulations!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you
you should watch superstore
Beautiful
Watch OUTLANDER!! It's on Netflix xox
Riverdale is amazing
I wish the advent calendar do sell internationally on feelunique
You should watch Outlander!!! Btw how can I get an advent calendar shipped to Mexico 🇲🇽??? I soooo want one!! Love you Tan!! Xxxx
Hey I'm from New York and I would love love\nLove if your cosmetic line would be available in the US I'm so jealous of everyone who's able to get them! They look amazing. Love your vlogs so much congrats on your new line 💕
The truth still lies in the X-Files, Mulder.
Oh no it looks bad
Scully ages like a fine wine! What is she eating or drinking?? Lol
First off didn't the Morley man get blown the fuck up in a cave after being shown with a tracheotomy? Second off please no more honky tonk budonkadonk, ever.
Every time someone says Agent Einstein' it sounds like sarcasm. Hope this season is better.
PHEW .... can breathe again there is another series ..... thank you!
Didn't all the Lone Gunmen die? Well I guess so did the CSM so anything is possible. I'm super stoked.
Note to self: buy another carton of Morley's....
Hopefully they run into Fringe Division.
People of earth and this must be connected.
Now just make season four of millennium
and rain pours down in vancouver, ha ha ha
Scully dies at the end of this season
no lot call officially makeup throat rub mayor pig talented wisdom.
Vy
British guideline matter bfhwl succeed own hungry landing both prime.
I don't like this, Skinner meeting with CSM.
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!
The trailer looks amazing! So looking forward to season 11!
Nah
I would give it an extra thumb up for using a cover of Zombie in the background, that song was definitely in my 90’s soundtrack, I would sing it over and over again back then. Also... do they want to tell us something with that song? It’s all in their heads?
No more of those younger agents PLEASE! They were annoying and charismaless af.
Finally more x-files.. the wait was to long..
Awe man! It's on! Can't wait
I loved that they brought the series back but it's almost it's own parody with some episodes. It's not dark like it was in the past. The fish man episode with the fake sex scene with Agent Scully really turned me off too last season. I mean when have they ever done anything like that with her character???
They all look great! Wow
That theme song never gets old.
makes me wanna take a knee
the rabbit hole just got a lot deeper than expected
Don't these two people hate each other in real life?
The X-Files, guaranteed to have more facts than fox news.
I love everything I just saw....everything...even the fact that they showed the same cut of Mulder looking around a corner twice to fill out the trailer.....
I’m the only one who’s watching this over and over again?
What cover of Zombie is that in the trailer? Should be a federal law to provide that lmao.
*HOLY SHIT THAT INTRO SENDS CHILL DOWN MY SPINE*
If Mulder and Scully were real people they would have gone insane by now from everything they've experienced in The X files but there not real people so who care's, they almost die in nearly every episode but they carry on 'Where are we going too this week Mulder?'
Love how both of you took a knee to support the NFL protest... JK you're dead to me now I destroyed my XFiles DVDs. I loved that show but seeing you two sell out like that.
0:47 stop right there I'm in \nI need friends
Uh huh, taking a knee, too, I almost don't want to watch. They don't realize how incredibly lucky they are to live in a country where you can get as stinking rich as these two, oh wait, she doesn't live here. Fuck off Anderson. Stick to movies. Besides, is she taking a knee against all the terror in Londonistan? I didn't think so.
♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n*This Is True Love!!!  (Just ask Him)*
The Alien at the and is like Dude, what the fuck?
2:04 nice! I love the flashback scenes.
So fucking excited for this!
Cigarette Smoking man turns out to be an alien in disguise who's been observing human activity!
This trailer looks better than all of the 10th season.
Someone needs to get cigarette man a vape cigarette.
ayy lmao's :D good i like / Excited for new episodes <3
i'm so excited to have this show back on
For those saying that Gillian is quitting after this season I did read that is not 100 hundred def if they decide to make and have a 12th season be the final one for sure and since the season will end on a cliffhanger it's still most likely to have a 12th season even without her as they did when David left for the original final season. Maybe they could bring back Doggett and Reyes or something but if there will be another season without Gillian it won't be as good of course but I just want it to actually finish with more closure than season 9 had
Cigarette Smoking Man is my favorite Character... I miss The Syndicate. The depopulation agenda never fails! 👌🏻😁
This isn't my X-Files.
She gets hotter with age. Was my FHM UK pin up in the 90s when I was 17 & if my wife would allow me to have pin ups now, she would be now I'm 38. I never saw the last mini season & I thought the last movie was crap. This looks promising. I thought the way they finished the original was just right, but what a way to add to this new golden age of TV by putting in one of the shows that started epic episodic TV storytelling.
i hope the kill scully off
The end is near.
Wait a miniute mulder and scully' boy is allien???!!!
How is the smoking man still alive? He should've died from lung cancer decades ago.
Pause at 2:08\nOh... my... God.
Finally going back to orginial movie, the aliens are coming
https://youtu.be/c1_4SNLT2sk  Não sei se isso te interessa  Você se lembra deste video ?😊
I've been watching the original X-FILES SINCE 1993-2002. AND in the recent episodes over a year ago. I always loved the X-FILES. This new series should be awesome.
1:19 Ahh good Geddy Lee is back too
This gave me chills!
Wow this looks really good!
Who is the artist of the song we hear please? I love the version!
hell yea i cant wait damn smoking man just die allredy and damn does scully get hotter
Holy crapitty dapitty..was that Alex Krycek who just got hit at 2:08???
Does anyone know the link to this exact song cover?? Sounds like Corvyx but its not it...
Отлично! Хорошая новость!
Alex Krycek?
Dam scully is looking fine
Dreck
Bad old smoky.
omg YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS
scullys got some moves at 50
Yeaaaahhh
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Finally!
Fuck! Yes!
excellent new.
If Scully dies, we riot!
yeaaaaas what Ive been waiting for!
Yay! Look so good!!
goosebumps
Oh shittttttttttttttttt
Can’t wait.
I am ready.
ZAWWMBIE! ZAWWWMBIE! ZAWWWMBIE! EH EH EH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH....
F Yeah!!!
I am so exited!!!
Whoooooooo finally been waiting for ever...😮
Just stop...
YES YES YES YES and more YESSSSSSS!!!
YUUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh...my...holy...cigarette smoking man!!!!!
Yes!
Trust no one
Aliens are demons, outer space is fake and .......\nThe Earth is _______FLAT!_________
Too bad the actors knelt in support of athletes who publicly disrespected the Flag.    If I boycott the NFL for spitting on the graves and sacrifices of our service members, then I boycott a show that I have watched since day one.  Too bad, it literally was one of my favorite shows.  Since day one.  If you want to protest, do not do it supporting the desecration of our Flag and Anthem, especially when it is based on lies and you are protesting the wrong people.
Does anyone know if the music from this trailer is available? Or the name of it?
Does someone know the song? Or is it a new cover for the trailer?
I could be Bill Gates rich, and still wouldn't spend 10K on some boots.  DIY boots looked good.
How much was the fabric? p.s love your channel <3
You don't pronounce the T in saint laurent...
Can you do Ariana Grande? <3 Love you! <3
I legit love this
Omg I love the shoes before crafting 😭😭😭
terrible diy
The Velcro was a great idea
I can see my future in your lashes
It's so cute how she is still saying broke bitch even though she is at 1mil
Hey Amber u like gloves too?? I love ur outfits and shoes 😍😍😍😍😍
I just want start by saying thank you Amber ❤️ Because of you I finally got the courage to start my very own YouTube channel! Honestly if it wasn’t for me coming across your channel and spending hours watching your videos, I don’t think I would’ve ever started my channel (which was only about two weeks ago!!) You are just so genuine to your followers and I love you for that! 💕 So keep doing you boo and keep up the amazing work! 💋
Why does she have eyebrows on her lash line?
You should do something with the lashes. They don't look that pretty
I thought you were pregnant I’m confused I just started watching you
I hit the like button because i love you. The boots could've came out a little better,,, but you are my favorite still.
Are you ready for carli's launch!! Her shinny booties were made for you !! 😍✨
Please do a try on haul from carly bybel new collection with misguided😍😍😍😛😛
💎💎I just discovered you,and now I'm binge watching!!! and you're so adorable and I love how up heat and quirky you are!! you put me in a happy mood!! 💎💎never let anyone take that smile off your face 🙏
amber i adore u a lot not only those vedios u make but ur hall personality inside and out,i already watch all ur vedios u make and im craving and waiting for more because i guess u dont have new vedios in 2017 and soo on 2018 lol,just loving all ur vedios hope u can make it,god bless u always....xoxoxo
Waiting for the day that the E6000 glue company sponsors you... just waiting
Can you do a shopping challenge at Walmart or target?
I wish she would make a collab with Shane dawson that would be awsome
Omg Amber you should start your own clothing line ❤
Lady you did a amazing job on these boots WOW 😳. Tfs
do swatches and tests of your mauve lip liner
I bought exact glue because of your videos and I found it to be the most horrible I’ve ever used😫 I don’t get it
I just found your channel, safe to say you're my favorite YouTuber now
I just love you 😩😩😩😩
I luv rihanna and amber at the same time and when I saw this video I clicked so fast the end tho
Amber any ideas on how to bling up some old Uggs?
Amber can you please make a video on how you fixed and made those shorts that was to small to  fit you :)
a website called fashion nova has some like rihannas for $150
YES girl! Love this. So sweet so cool
We need a full story
I love your vids Amber and have been watching them for a long time but this wasn't your best tbh. Felt really rushed and the result wasn't that great. ;_; sorry
Where is her black jacket from?
Regular Human : *Gets cold at home - put on  warm fuzzy robe* ; Fabulous Amber *Gets cold at home - puts on fabulous blue fur coat* 😍😍😍😍 I'm cry 😭😭😭
Amber, I had A HORRIBLE day today, I literally hit a few lows today, but I have to say your video was one of the few things to make me genuinely laugh and smile throughout the day. Thank you for being you <3 I hope we cross paths one day xx from NYC :)
you always have the best video ideas!!!
I wonder what Amber wore to prom and homecoming
The one you have look cute then riri's
Your thumbnail (on my iPad), your price is covered with the length time of the video
Amber. How. Do. You. Do. It!
I seriously think you can make  a successful comedy actress or an animation artist.lol
Please do the iconic Marilyn Monroe JFK dress.
Amber I wanna know where you got that black jacket😩
IM WATCHING THIS ON MY BIRTHDAY
Very creative and very artistic. Wow you are really amazing! Keep it up! ❤🙏🏼😘
amber you are awesome, but those boots are not.....
PLEASE THE WHITE CORSET YOU HAVE ON IN THE OOTD WHATS IT CALLED ON THE WEBSITE I CANT FIND IT
She reminds me of a cartoon character
I have to set priorities.. So I closed my textbooks and watched Amber Scholl :P
Omg your so pretty and I love you're style and positive videos💖
They came out beautiful 😍✨✨
I’d rather fuck your brains out fuck Rihanna
Oh my goodnessss, you are perfect! If I could look half as good as you in all your outfits I do not have a clue what I'd do 😆 you just slayyyy 😩😻I love youuuu💖
My queen I love you💕💕💕💕
Steve Madden has the same boots but much cheaper. #tip
What lip are you wearing in this video? The normal? Looks different but so beautiful!
i like how positive she is
you're sooooo cute and delightful! i LOVE how genuinely and apologetically yourself you are!. Where did you get that fluffy coat from its the cutest one i've seen! xx
YOU SHOULD MENTION THE GIRL YOU STOLE THE IDEA OFF
So we just going to ignore the fact that we can see amber only wearing a bra & underwear through the mirror @ the background when she was showing us how the boots came out 😂😂  5:00-5:08
Windsor (a clothing line online) has a pair of shoes that are literally the exact same shoes Rihanna is wearing. They are $145 but still they’re cute
how does anyone give this video a thumbs down. she is such a ball of joy... common people, hating much
I been here since you had 10k
So fabulous xoxo
Your eyelashes! 😻😻😻
https://youtu.be/Qv0lXbQzPcQ \nAmber! So much you 😍
https://instagram.com/p/BaJQOQunwGt/
LaurDiy Who ?
Diy Queen!!!!
I hope Rihanna sees this !! 💖
amberesh 💕
Badazzel a plain clutch/bag!!!!
Very good amber🤗🤗🤗🤗
Ready for 2M?
Love you!
Please recreate kylie jenner jacket on insta
Beautiful, might try. XO. Theresa
I always love your DIYs!!
please get a tripod
I love your eyelashes
Eww
Amber do a fairytale wedding dress shopping👰🏼
these look awful
Which lashes are you wearing?
✊🏼💦
#48 ON TRENDING MY QUEEN ILYLYYLYYL 😍😍😍💕
Yes Amber is trending
Omg ur on trending
SLAY BITCH SLAY!!!!! 😍😍😍
Which eyelashes do she wear? xxx
she is sparklesexual
💖
:0 Omg those boots are amazing. I cant.
Omg 😻😻😻😻 definitely remaking these
YES GIRL YES GIRL YESSSS
Sorry but she's really fucking annoying XD
ashraf ismail ? you're the best thing that could have happened to save the franchise!\nat the moment it looks like that this will be the biggest game ever made after the witcher 3, or maybe better ?im serious. its more beautiful than the witcher 3 100%! but will the story be as sick as witcher 3 ? DLCs looking so great! pharaos! mystic creatures!!! man only the way this game looks. omg so beautiful. dont need holidays in aegypt anymore, just play this game. i hope the gameplay/story will be as nice as it looks so far.
I wished this game will not have super - natural elements in it. What I got instead is huge snakes inverted arrows, now undead egyptian gods. If there are micro - transactions in it too I won't buy.
I'm telling you. The game looks like Ryse Son of Rome fighting mechanics and the modes of the Egyptian mythology while Ryse did the Roman mythology. Ryse was the best game I played and I'm happy to see them re image ACO into a Ryse concept.
Assassin's Creed Origins is made with passion & lots of hard work. I think it's going to be the best game in the whole series. Ashraf Ismail has done such a great job & Egypt looks insanely beautiful in this game.
This is just wrong. Release the damn game first!! Then you can talk about the dlc. We need to enjoy the main course first before we dive in to dessert. A Shamefur Dispray.
will season pass owners be able to play the dlc's right off when we install the game?
I caaaaan't waiiiit
+1 if you will take gold edition or gods edition i ll take one of them
When Ubisoft make a series assassin creed in Indonesian historis?
OK now do this over, but without using the word content
Isn't gold edition releasing on 27 October then what about the DLCs
Ill wait for the definitive/goty edtion to come out
This is your last shot with me Ubisoft...do not fail me. I will pre order just because this was the team behind black flag. Be the glimmer of light in this dark time of venomous publishers and developers.
You can tell that these guys really dedicated themselves to this game and not produce some nonsense bullshit.
To the gold edition players
The more I see, the more I fall in love. I cannot wait!
Besides all this awesome stuff, I just cant wait for the soundtrack to be released too. The music on this video is epic.
Dlc-The mummy/shadow of colossus/exodus gods of Egypt vibes right here anything missing ?
I think this game will return like AC 1,2, brotherhood and Revolution or much better
This game looks incredible from the trailers. I hope they dont downscale the graphics 20% at launch but keep it as it is. Also I hope there is no bugs this time (like a guy without a face etc.) Excited!
Season Pass before the release of the game?!
Man that 1:16 golden legendary bow though, it is so gorgeous. I can't w8 any longer
i dont know if i can trust ubisoft again. But this looks really great. oh nooooo
the game isnt even out yet and they are doing trailers for the dlc how is this just not content taken out of the original game
Are the Roman Centurion and Horus skins both available on launch for those who got the Gold edition or will they gradually be released after launch?
DLCs are not bad they revive a game and make ppl talk about the game more earning money and players in the process so for the most part there are good but there's a difference between an honest dlc and cut content that didn't make it to final game
Ever since I watched the hilarious viral video How the entire world was made, I guess I had been really interested in anything on the first few centuries where the Roman, Egyptian, and Persian empires were around. All of a sudden now this game has really peaked my interest.
this game is going to be killer cant wait for the 27th and ashraf is really proud for this game and im sure it will be wroth the wait
a bit less for a 50€ season pass or not?
Anyone know the name of the soundtrack in the middle that sounds like origins take on ezio family soundtrack from AC2?
I want to play as a female protagonist. Is this an option?
So is magic real in the assassin's creed universe now?
My guy. PC Day one, i'll be playing Mario Odyssey first but i'll be buying the season pass if this content is good.
Ashraf's team should be the perminant AC developer team or at least taking over the projects midway through for adding unique features and content i mean just look at black flag's features! this team literally changed the game for the better. AC2 still great though as a fan favourite game.
This looks really good and I have hope in AC for once
The game looks awesome and everything!! however....is going to be ever released to everyone the stupid mission locked behind preorder ? I was so pissed and close to cancel my preorder when I learned about that
I have a question \nThere's daily the nomads Basar, where you can earn daily a Weapon as Reward,right?\nAnd now my question:\nCan you get a weapon from a day where you couldn't Play the Game?\nSo that you can get every Weapon.
I already bought the standard edition and I want to upgrade to gold with out paying the $100.00 for the game that I had already bought
Jesus haven't seen a developer this passionate about their own game in a long fucking time.......really shows he's really proud of the content he's made......\n\nLong live the Creed..
This will be the best selling AC ever. Black Flag was awesome because of Ashraf Ismail, and this time he's proved that origins gonna break the records. Huge world and maps to exploration.
HE SAID ANIMUS NOT HELIX YES YES YES
Looks promising finally Ubsoft is sticking to there promise this games looks awesome
Gold edition here i go!
Bravo Ubisoft, BRAVO! This is how you do post launch content! All of these pieces of DLC are not an integral part of the core experience, we get a complete game for the basic cost (as if this is not a given.. well, not nowadays) and whoever is interested will get to have some great expansions that are well deserved to be paid for. And the free content is for some extra fun, as it should be! Also, Ashraf Ismail rocks!! I will be rewarding them with my hard earned money by getting everything they have to offer! I love AC, the setting, the new direction the series takes and overall how Ubisoft handled the game this time around! AC is back!
im sooo happy that i got the gold edition now
I like this Origins Ezio's Family tune
I'm not even joking when I say this has so much potential. They're going full-on RPG, taking cues from The Witcher 3, Skyrim, and even Breath of the Wild. My favorite AC game is currently Black Flag, but with how this looks, that just might change. I'm just hoping with all my heart that they don't f*ck up and disappoint all of us.
Why do you think anybody would be thrilled to see a trailer for DLC that we have to pay for before the game is even launched?\n\nAt least the free content sounds good.
The Ezios Family Remix in the background is awesome!
This series explanation for everything is it's an animus glitch
So you're advertising a season pass, for a game that hasn't even come out yet?
YOU CAN FIGHT THE EGYPTIAN GODS?!
So do I have to get it on day one to experience all the daily quests and god boss battles or can I always replay them?
this looks too awesome, i love it and cant wait for 16 days
Trials of the gods <3
DLC and the game isn't even out yet? How can I not think that they're doing that carving the game up to release it in pieces to make more money thing. Good to know that even if I shell out $60 I'm not getting the full game experience anymore.
So the animus is still a thing, then......
You told us there would be no content locked in Season Passes from now*!\n*Which was like half a year ago.\n\nMicrotransactions AND day one paid DLCs, no thank you.\nThe game looks decent and the place you've chosen for it is perfect but I don't think it's gonna be worth it considering all that.
You made this look tight
post launch.....so the game is out already? idiots\n\npostlaunch in British\n(ˌpəʊstˈlɔːntʃ)\nadjective\nrelating to or occurring in the period *after* a launch
We want to constantly surprise our players - then don't go for the pre-order bonus BS, make all DLC free if it's integral to the main game (paying a little extra for something if it's a proper expansion pack is fine) and actually have a proper-length story with a rich mythos like AC1 & 2 especially like all the other studios that are determined to only see their players as wallets with brains - that WOULD be a surprise.
This game feels so about the brotherhood only i love it
Really excited for 'The Hidden Ones' expansion. \nI always love DLC set after the main story
i'm glad that I pre-order the gold edition then !! 100$ worth it 4sure !! thanks for hearing us UBI !!
Major props. The Season Pass for this game is actually harmless, thanks to the free content. I expected The Mummy(pretty much) stuff to be a Season Pass-only thing. But its not.\n\nAlso, I like that they're just going nuts with these time periods now. I mean really, the Egyptian Gods will be a threat? Thats awesome, and its used in a way that makes sense in the AC universe, a glitch in the Animus(I bet Juno's the cause of it).\n\nWell, Ubiosft's going to have to make an AC game set in Ancient Greek now, so the Greek Gods can be a threat. Or how about an AC game set in Japan, with Japanese Gods as threats, etc. Just go all out with the ancient time periods.
omg pls let the photo modus include videoclips! it will make the content creator side sooo much better if you are able to do own cinematics
Hopefully we can get like Japan or China next,show Asians some love man,and we could finally sneak around as a ninja lol
This is going to be wayyyyyyyyyyyyy better than Syndicate !
My god this looks incredible!
Take my money, idc I want it
Looks like I'll be busy playing Assassin's Creed origins and next spring playing the new Red Dead redemption 2
Looks promising!
Epic Ac version
Platinum ? Here we go !!!!!!
lol man blinked every 2 seconds...
Giant enemy crab!
Can't wait
He looks life foseytube
Hoping it doesn't suck
Let me guess thier after king tut lol
Yesssssssss
Soaking wet.
I know the game hasn't come out yet but I'll ask anyway. Do you think i should play ac unity and syndicate since i haven't played them or skip them and just play this?
Ashraf Ismail, why did you brake this game to pieces? allah babah & many dlc done.
The game isint even out and Ubiseptic tank is already advertising season pass dlc and post content? Youre really putting the cart in front of the fucking horse aren't you? Delay this game and include all this extra content in the base game at launch.
Are these expansions free?
Excited about the game and the DLC but my attention comes to focus on about 50 seconds in, the The Hidden Ones poster. Take a good long look at it, can you see what I see?\nReplace Egypt with San Fransisco\nBayek with Marcus\nThe other assassin's with Sitara and Wrench\nIt's clearly a recreation of the Watch Dogs 2 box art poster!
This content should be in the main game, not be DLC for payment.
Ashraf Ismail u sold ure soul for some money.. what an unfortunate bargain
Remember when you would pay $60 and get the full game?
typical money greedy Ubisoft. If you have a DLC trailer for a game that hasn't even been released yet, then you can add the DLC to the main game and even extend the release date. End this Season Pass nonsense you've completely brainwashed most gamers with once and for all
Shut up and talk about PC PORT!!!
BUT WHAT ABOUT THE PRESENT DAY STORYLINE?
Did they liturally just spoil that bayek doesn't die and the ending in this is one big happy ending?
why does this have to come out the same day as wolfenstein :( Space out the games people..!
Can i just preorder the game with the season pass? I dont want the deluxe edition and get those good weapons because i wanna farm good weapons and armor
The combat before wasn't perfect but at least it made you feel like a badasss assasssin, this combat is ugly and boring
sigh look at all the likes, people are actually defending this season pass bullshit, cutting content out to be resold back to you piece by piece, this generation of gamers are happy to bend over to corporate greed and anti-consumer practices,  they deserve to be milked like this. Welcome to  gaming in 2017 enjoy buying your $60 skeleton experience.
Dlc dlc and dlc. This is why i prefer piracy.
It's not free content if we're paying $60-$100. In fact, what you should be saying is Season Pass and Gold edition buyers will be receiving stolen content. Content that was intentionally removed or left out of the game, content that is supposed to be included. I'll pirate it and rate it zero stars from Amazon to Metacritic. You're greedy scum bags, I hope this game crashes and burns like Unity.
they used this in the movie cause the lady who was the wife was in a commercial for Yuban coffee and she said that line in the commercial
That's strange. Jim never vomits at home.
I will, but Jim won't
Her name is Lee Bryant...   She played the pregnant lady, Punkin in an episode of three's company when Jack and Chrissy agree to take over Janet's babysitting job for one night and had to put up  with a crying baby, no TV, and a locked liquor cabinet  :)
Love the dior iconic overcurl mascara is amazing 😍😍
Fiona Stiles is on QVC!!    Soooo happy!
Is it possible to create a list in the description box of what you keep for these kinds of videos, as a quick reference guide for when we next go to purchase a product.
Love your lips and face makeup, hate it your eye makeup look too powdery and chalky... BTW you should comment all the products mention and pin it
If your mascara wand is one that isn’t plastic, one that is fluffy, you can usually bend them to reach all of your lashes perfectly. Just bend the tip of the wand on the opening of the tube. It’s such a good little trick I’ve accidentally tried!
Love the eye look!!
Tati's makeup is especially bright in this vid. Love it ❤
Hey Tati, I know this is weird but talking about lashes. I'm struggling to find one that curls my lashes all the way through the lash line. I have slightly hooded eyes like you, every curler I've tried doesn't curl my outer corner lashes because it touches my eye bone and it doesn't reach them, it's so annoying! What eyelash curler do you use? Or do you know some good ones for hooded eyes? \n\nLove you! ❤️\nAnd thanks for the help in advance.
Oh, who’s the mystery helper??
What lighting do you use other than natural lighting
new essence products review plssss
Eyeliner pls!!!
♥️♥️♥️
no ads...no ads..no ads👆
No Chantecaille? 😂😂😂
Donate to me😣😣😣😣
Airtouch rotating makeup brush hsn
I'm so poorly just watched 10 of your videos you're getting me through. I love you Tati 💕
I Looooooooved the look so chiiiiiiic
Yes do one or eyeliners😁😁❤❤❤
tarantula on your eyeball ... Loved that, Tati!!
Tati u r so pretty
Who's Taylor?
You look stunning Tati!
Fantastic job Tati! I love these videos!!
💋💋💋💋😍😍😍
What about maybelline????
lol tati and better than sex
Tati, yasss girllll lol I use Essence Rock n Doll
Please do a lipstick purge video
Yes please do eyeliner purge!
Trendingggggggg
superhero is my fav!! monsuir big is alright dont think its worth the money plenty of better drugstore options. tartiest is awesome def my second fav.
Do a giveaway Tati .
You look incredibly beautiful <3 Breathtakingly gorgeous <3
💙💙💙💙💙💙
Tati you look beautiful
Love your tutorials. Can you do a tutorial with zoeva products?
Loling at the Too Face throw 😂
Loved the video! Always honest ❤️❤️❤️
your makeup is even better than usual in this video if that is even possible! so stunning!!
The description box actually made me crack up laughing! You know you have too much mascara when you can't even list all of them in the description box <3
HOLY! Loved this video, big thumbs up! Yes do this with your other makeup products! maybe palettes? snap family!
you should do a video using an actual aloe vera plant as a primer!
I like how composed her videos unlike some of the you tubers out there who’s just into leeching on brands
Idk why but i really want to highlight her collar bone
proud of you! you downsizing motivates all of us to do the same\n!
do it again, any product loved it Tati xoxo from Canada
Tati, we need a makeup set up tour!!!! I wanna know how your organize your makeup drawers/ how you sort and store them.
You can buy Fiona stiles at their website
I love when you do these and go through everything, I bring a pen & paper to the table and write down things to maybe try. The only thing that kinda stinks is since you put the name of the products before you say whether you like it or not, I end up having to pause and rewind to catch the name again but that's okay <3 Thanks for a great video
I love you so much Tati ❣️❣️
That glittery lower lash eyeshadow...and the red lip we and James love! 😍
I would like to see some recent skin care routine
Tati, can we get a perfume haul....PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!
lol I love when Tati came across the T** Faced products
Wowa, you are so beautiful today!
HI Tati, question, do you use like visine or something else to make the white of your eyes soooooo white?
I like the revlon red lid formula but i didn't like the brush it was so scratchy.
Could you try catching it tho??? thanks \nI died!
You look stunning!! I love what you did with your eyes, and that red lip is perfect. <3
You’ve inspired me to get rid of things. Thank you
I would LOVE if you did this 'spring cleaning' with eyeliners! I'm Asian, so I monolid horribly, and really really need a budgeproof smudge free eyeliner for my oily lids. It always comes down and makes raccoon eyes, and I've tried at least 6 different drugstore liners and none of them have done it for me yet.
I always love when you do a big declutter haul. It would be great if you could go through your best black eyeliners (eyeliners in general, water line, etc), and winter skincare routine! xoxo
Omg i have just saw more mascaras than i used in my entire life!
When you do these videos could you compile a pdf of all the products that you liked that worked for you, and ones that didn’t work for you, since In your description box you can’t list all of them. I would love to know all the ones you like, especially the affordable ones! Thanks love💕 keep slaying 💁🏻🔥
Tati you should do this with eyeliners. Need a good drugstore one that doesn't run.
Love to see more videos like this❤
We are so proud of you too, I need to do that with my makeup collection
Please upload more videos like this, its super informative for a makeup newbie...love u tati!
I think this is the prettiest makeup I've ever seen on you.
Hi Tati. Can you please do one one primer and setting sprays together? Thanks Tati❤️
Love that your just as equally excited about essence as you were about Marc jacobs
Loooooooove your earrings where did you get them??
Why grandiose? 😱😭 i've never tried anything better on my lashes 😱
Great Video!! Love these makeup graveyard Videos 👍👍👍\n\nHey everyone I would love it if you check out my instagram page my.makeup.goods 😊 I would really appreciate your support😘
Will you be reviewing the new Charlotte tilbury palette?
Please please please do a tutorial on your eye look!
It’s amazing that beauty gurus have an almost textbook memory for products they’ve tried. Like Tati just rattled off mini reviews almost for like 100 products! It’s kind of impressive she remembers specific experiences with all of those.
I hope you saved your throw aways. I can't remember the organization but there's one out there that cleans and uses the brushes to help clean ocean wildlife (like penguins) when there is a spill.
Tati. I do not see “Doll Lashes” by Lancôme. It’s wonderful. I’ve tried many also. It has a tapered brush that’s great.   Xo. 💄👄
TATI!! I would love to see you test out Ciate London’s new glitter flip lip. It starts out as a matte lipstick but when you rub your lips together it turns into glitter!
Wishing I had seen this years ago before I started using Lancôme ‘s primer. After I use up the two I have, one was a back up before I moved and the other is because I forgot I had a backup, I’m trying the Wet & Wild one. I wish I didn’t need this step, but w/o it my lashes are invisible.
Hey Tati, can you do a review on the Luxe Glitz Palette by Jolie Beauty??
where better than sex at?
I love your lip colour ! Love you 💃🏻
You always have the cutest clothes and accessories!!!!  Can you please put where you got them along with your daily make up 😘😍😘😍
HOW do you even remember how they apply ... GOALS, goals, goals
Tati you need to try the dark blue version of the Catrice Glam&Doll, it's mind blowing
I love these videos!!
Tati? You don't have any Toofaced products? You should do a full face of Toofaced. 🙂
I love your videos... Wish i can meet you... Hug n kisses from indonesia 😘😘
When you donate, where do you donate to? I lost all of my makeup collection in a house fire. I’m a MUA and it’s so upsetting. I love you Tati! I learn a lot from you!
Can I have the mini's? :(
somewhere in the distance bella hadid is crying over tati hating dior pump n volume
Why did she not keep the Roller Lash ? She said she was but in the final basket she didn't say she kept it
what are your opinions on merle norman?
Tati:  Where do you donate your items to?
But what about better than sex and Lights camera lashes :o
I only have one muscara from essence \nYour lucky to own all of that
Oh my god, the hammer pulled you off? xD
Korgs voice is great expectation subversion. you'd expect him to have a deep low voice, but he doesn't. and he's quite eloquent too.
I don't think they filled the quota of 5 jokes per minute yet. Quick get him another quip.
You guys do realize that this is not The Thing but in fact Korg, right?
korg is my favorite now. god bless this weird rock man.
Stupid accent for Korg, doesn't even match up with the animation and the accent in general sucks, couldn't even tell at first what he was saying. How the hell does the hammer rode you on your back become damma rude you on yus beck? \n\nStupiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid
IT'S CLUMBERING TIME!
Y’all complaining bout the voice doesn’t fit the character but not appreciating the pure brilliance of a gay sex joke in a Marvel 🎥.
Beached bro
Really that's his voice? Why would they even do that?
Yes! I knew the thing was in this!
Take notes, Fox! Kevin Feige/his crew can make a better *Thing* than your 4 failed attempt/boring/corny ass movies! LOL!
Where can i find this Stand up comedy?
Knew the director would screw the movie. Just like Bay and Transformers. Korg better have some good fighting skills to compensate 4 that inaccurate voice the director so stupidly gave him.
Not enough quips
That sounds nothing like Korg
guys! been getting f ree gift cards everyday from here ➜ greensshort.com/giftcardsgiveaway?683888723
This will be a great show. Not just good. GREAT!
what a time to be alive - Stephen King's Bank Account (Probably).
They float. They aaaaall floooat. And when your car goes into the water, it'll float too.
Did I just see my boy Cujo? And that Shawshank sticker? Ohhhh I'm ready for this.
I'm a simple man... I see anything Stephen King, I watch.
The shawshank car at the end really did it for me, than one upped it with the you dont know what your dealing with do you? My theory about bill is he serves at shawshank because when he appears he is in one of those straight jackets. Guess i gotta get hulu now for this and runaways.
But no one is mentioning André Holland from The Knick. One of the reasons why I'm watching this.
this is going to be incredible.
Sissy motherfucking Spacek
Sounds like a DEAD MAU5 score
I want the music more than anything, somebody please make music like this for the sake of humanity
So ready to see what this is all about...Especially because I'm in it well hopefully if they had all of the footage anyways
What’s Castle Rock about?
I want a Friday the 13th movie to watch tomorrow
The music is cool
Anybody know if it's possible to get your hands on this edit of Coelacanth I ? I am obsessed with this version!!
Anyone know who the music is by?\nFreaking love it.
This looks freaking amazing... I need to get Hulu
Bill and Stephen better become the next Tim Burton and Johnny Depp
Can't wait to see this show.  And really can't wait for them to be done shooting it causing all these traffic delays in my town
The viewers really win when Hulu and Netflix have to keep stepping their games up to compete with one another. Can’t wait for everyone to see how good Bill Skarsgard is outside of his Pennywise roll. Such a talent.
a trailer with Deadmau5 soundtrack...you have my attention Hulu
IS THAT DEADMAU5?!? I THINK SO. IS HE COMPOSING THIS?!?!!
Nice ! But only need access to Hulu from Canada you know, it can help.
Wow Hulu with show is awesome \nbut  I would like someone or some channel to bring it back to The Twilight Zone and Tales from the Crypt that would be great
Look out Stranger Things...Hulu has got you in their sights.
Ah man I wanted a Fraggle rock spin off
Is this related to Shawshank redemption?
Is this series lik free hulu or do we hav to pay?
♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n*This Is True Love!!!  (Just ask Him)*
Holy shit, the kid who plays it is in this. It really IS gonna tie everything together.
Andre Holland = Bae, he's a talented actor too, ever since moonlight i had my eye on him.
Let me guess, this takes place in Maine?
An Emmy for Sissy Spacek?  She deserves one for this!
What's the track playing in the background?
I couldn't have been the only one surprised to hear a Deadmau5 track on this trailer
Soo happy its getting filmed in my town
Isn't Castle Rock the name of that place in Lord of the Flies? lmao
I just want The Knick to return.
It's kinda weird bill skarsgard is in this lol
Let me guess, it is set in creepy town in Maine where everything isn't what it seems...gee, how original Mr. King.
When anyone writes something It's from their mind. From Stephen King's mind?
They're filming this in my town
I could watch Andre Holland cook beans and rice in a 3x5 kitchen for HOURSSSSS, I can't wait!
Based on the trailer, this movie gonna have some sick drops m8 and cubes
Goddamn it. Make a fucking true Dark Tower show.\n*HOLLYWOOD, IT'S MAJOR MONEY IN YOUR POCKET A FAITHFUL ADAPTATION!!!!*
Castle Rock is a town in Colorado. One of many places King is fond of using for inspiration in his stories.
0:41  41 years ago Sissy Spacek performed Carrie in the adaptation of brilliant  Stephen King, this year surely will make a cameo in this series.
I used to live in castle rock, co
can we expect to see Johnny Smith in it?
Really looking forward to this. I'm loving this Stephen King revival, hes such a great storyteller and his books deserve great adaptions (we can just forget The Mist tv show happened tho).
even cooler when you lived in the town they filmed it in. walked over that bridge everyday for over a year
i used to live in Castle Rock.
This show is flimed in my home town I have watched it being filmed it's so cool!!!!
Newsflash: THIS IS HOW YOU PRODUCE A DAMN GOOD TRAILER!!!
Hulu is like what LoveFilm was to Netflix
Well it has my attention. Hate when trailers spoil whole movies or shows.
Does this link in with 11.22.63 that was a pretty dope show no one ever talks about
They caught me in the background lmao it's amazing the things they've done to my town though. They've fixed up a lot for this movie. Shooting is taking place in orange Massachusetts if you didn't know
You Are Great - Motivation \nhttps://youtu.be/4R90ek4V7d8
Wow. This is going to be great , I can tell.
Who can say no to this?
Hulu and Zikonightcore are my favorite channels , propably you dont know zikonightcore channel but it's  just Fier !!
Dude they’ve got Pennywise AND Carrie? Stephen King Fest!
YES a Deadmau5 song
SISSY!!!!!
0:12 Mike Hanlon?
that bladerunner piano shot
FUCK!
DEADMAU5!!!!!!!
Guy from THE KNICK
Giving up on Hulu. New interface SUCKS totally.
Andre Holland & Sissy Spacek... I'm there!!!
anybody catch the shawshank easter egg at 1:05
No captions?
DEADMAU5
Is Bill Skarsgard playing Andy Dufrense?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! dangit I have Netflix.
deadmau5
Deadmau5 sound mixing!
I really hope Carrie appears
joels coelanth
Its exclusive un hulu?
Everybody came home!
Go Algernon!
This looks amazzzizzzing
Andre Holland !
WANT THIS!
nice nice
*WILL YOU MARRY ME HULU!*
even at $5.99 a month I don't want Hulu.  it's trash and I refuse to pay any amount of money for a service that forces me to watch commercials
Me: *sees ad*\n\nCastle Rock\n\nMe: this is Stephen King. This is totally going to be Stephen King. I know this reference from It.\n\n*bill skarsgard shows up*\n\nMe: yep, it even has bill skarsgard.\n\nfrom the mind of stephen king*\n\nMe: I WAS RIGHT.
I'm getting Stranger Things vibes.
Like Castle Rock, Colorado?
The nig from the Knick, Stick and It.
0:40 That old lady looks exactly like stephen king
Bad trailer.
Fuck Stephen king, YOU SUCK BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!
MASSIVE Thank you for everyone supporting me and making a dream reality! TG
Back on CM 1996/7 I was always newcastle due to Shearer (I'm a saints fan). Good interview.  Shearer is a nice bloke.
What a sound guy .
One of the best interviews on you tube awesome well done.
Should have asked his why didn’t he by the lads season tickets on purely belter
I've absolutely loved this interview, absolute CREDIT - to all 3 of you. A really well structured interview.\nWe all adore big Al, but we've passed judgement on his persona without really getting to know him. I think he bared his arse for us more than he had to - much respect.\nI love NUFC and I love Alan Shearer
why did you make it look like an interview
Great video but whos that other awkward chavy next to geordie
absolutely loved this best podcast I've ever seen no doubt
Great to see you talk with your hero.
Wow mate, I used to watch you playing Fifa career mode like 2-3 years ago. Unbelievable. Congratulations my friend and keep this up. Some more Footballer podcasts are needed!! Keep up the good work.
What is the name of the song at the start ?
So they're talking about Rafa, how he stayed, how he's brought them back to the premier league then Lawrence is like so what influenced u to retire Alan I'm sat here gripped with them talking about Rafa and he just back tracks, like, do u even know what you're doing m8? Wtf?
Brilliant interview!! I think Graeme Souness was the manager at the time of the Boyer v Dyer fight? Al said Sir Bobby would have been disappointed.
So happy willne shouted this vid out in his twoti vid cause it didnt show up in my recommended
The way the Geordie looks at the gay dude is so sweet. Great that these two are showing such a positive side of homosexual relationships. Well done!!!
First time listening, from Ireland and a United supporter haha, but was an unbelievable one, Id usually watch Joe Rogan/Fighter and the kid, dabble with cheeky sports the odd time, but this was unreal well done!
Who's the bird on the wall ?
I'm a Sunderland fan. And I was absoloutely glued to that. Yea I couldn't stand shearer in a Newcastle shirt. But can't deny the legend that he is.
i very much enjoyed this interview with Alan Shearer. Made me remember when i was a young lad when i used to support Man Utd Lol
True Geordie has come a long way, he has to be hitting the 1m sometime in the next year.
Class!!! Shearer was my hero growing up and hearing him speak about all the things you want to know about is quality... cheers for an amazing interview.
Also sry my name is adam I don't have a YouTube account I am using my wifes account 👍
unliked so i could like this video twice. mad respect geordie
Wish me Dad was alive to watch this he would of loved this :) proud to be a geordie awesome podcast mate glad you met your childhood hero nice one :)
Louis Theroux would be class to get on 👌🏻👍🏻
Absolutely Class podcast mate, congratulations on realizing a dream TG, as a Newcastle fan, this was amazing to listen to.
Shearer was a TOP class centre forward who scored all types of goals and was infact underrated.
It's all about money, tell me I'm wrong.
Shearer was a big part of why i started following NUFC, what a player. Great man too. Loved seeing TTG get the chance to meet one of his idols too. Great stuff. Keep at it fella. HWTL
Well in, TG. Happy for you. Being one of the realest youtubers out there, you immensely deserved this. The podcast was quite enjoyable and it was great to hear personal stories from Alan. Long may the King in the North reign. Your Empire shall hopefully soon have 1 million citizens
I am a Liverpool fan and I was so happy he turned down Man utd to go Newcastle and respect to him to turning so surely so many trophies to go to his boyhood club,he was a great player same never won a trophy with you.
As a fellow Newcastle fan, great to see you meeting your idol, such a nice, down to earth guy 👍🏻
Never watched a YouTube video for more than 15 mins.....until now. Shearer is a class act and great interview kid.
BEST VIDEO EVER!!!! nice to hear a few hope truths from wor al such a professional my brothers want to play for Newcastle and they graft there arses off every weekend please try and get my hero on Peter Beardsley for a talk  would be great to hear from him thanks guys keep the vids coming thick and fast C,MON THE TOON!
Class Brian how far you’ve come , excellent interview
Fantastic inrerview mate i couldnt think of a questione you didnt ask.\nBig al a true gent as always......the toons no1 ......
Wtf I went off for like 2 months and they've got Alan shearer on congrats guys
What an absolute show today, loved this as a football, Lawrence and Geordie fan
Great Podcast! Think you should have hat films on the podcast they are youtubers as well and think it would be a hell of a laugh
Where are the fucking football hangovers?
Can anyone with asthma answer this survey please. This is for my dissertation and everything will be kept anonymous. THANK YOU \nhttps://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/6S2XZ9D
I go to his sons school !
Gaz\n\nFulham fan. Shearer a legend! Watched whole interview and his  beard had grown an inch by end of interview.
Such an interesting & inspiring watch. Well done mate!
Terrific podcast, really enjoyed it, keep up the good work lad.
What a brilliant Interview. No punches pulled and raw AF. Loved it TG
Intro song pls I need this
can you do one about the big man's tattoo's..?..and another one about lawrence dick...oh no..that would only last 2 minutes...!!
Could you get wayne rooney ???
Amazing podcast! Try and get Kai Greene on, that would be sick!
class podcast genuinely proud to have been a fan for a long time. MICHAEL DAPAH or MR TRAUMATIC would be great guests
Wish I could speak Newcastle so I could understand them :(
I know most people wouldn't like this comparison , but Alan Shearer looks a lot like Fred Durst to me
So happy for you!!!
Never really thought much of Alan Shearer, other than he was an incredible striker. Watched the full 2 hours and I think he came across really well. Good interview.
Talking about Leicester aswell. I'm in love. Shearer knows what we did was something to never be repeated.
This is one of the best yet, i feel like i say that every week. TTGP doesn't set the bar....\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTHEY ARE THE BAR!!
Very emotional last part. But so happy to see my favourite YouTuber make it even bigger than before
Being a Blackburn fan it was great hearing about the good old days. Fantastic podcast as always Geordie keep it up. #VenkysOut
Top player the Germans feared him! Seems like a top man too. Well done mate on a. Great interview ☺
Awesome player, awesome bloke, Humble, Legend for both Toon and England and even though in a time of Keane, Vieira and the rest,I can honestly say I can not remember anyone and i mean domestic or International would try and fuck with this man physically cos he would fuck you up and then score again.
the last minute of the podcast made me cry :)
Got emotional when talking about speed. RIP speedo I remember the day he died I just finished a Sunday league game was devastated
Brilliant interview - great insights. I picked up one error. Bobby Robson wasn't the manager for the Bowyer v Dyer incident - it was Souness.
TG ...you hit it out of the park with this one.
I just love Shearer, everything about the man.
So happy  that you finally had your hero on the podcast
0:03 is that a young Brian?
What a wonderful podcast. Excellent work guys!!
As A Boro fan ... Enjoyed that ..I met Alan a few times when he lived next door to my freind in Wynyard ( Kenny Lowe now manager of Perth Glory ) Had a party one night and all the guys had come in Fancy Dress ,,,Well TBH dressed a women !!! Mr Shearer turned up in a lovely silver dress !!! He is good craic , Comes accross different on the TV ....England legend
Well done Geordie , good on you mate !
Respect man... Ive been subscribed to you since 2014 and to see how far you’ve come on YouTube is absolutely great. You’re my favourite YouTuber and you deserve all the great stuff that comes your way
Sir Bobby Robson wasnt in charge when bowyer and dyer had a fight it was soueness lol
Did they turn Laurence's mic off
My Idol as well mate, watched him when I was younger on the telly. What an experience that would've been Geordie!
This is a great interview.  Shearer is my favourite English striker, and the best that I have been play.  I am happy to see True Geordie interview his hero and keep it real.
big respect true geordie.... nufc fan from kingston jamaica
Hearing Alan Shearer swear is weird
WEE LOVE ROONEY
Absolutely brilliant TG. Big follower anyways, but what a two hours. Gripping stuff. Mr Shearer is a true ledge of the English game and gave me fantastic enjoyment down the years. He put a 'shift' in here too. And he pulls no punches. Cheers guys. Manc Red since 79 n all. Keep up the gud work lad.
Fantastic! What an interview!
Plz do a podcast with richard ayoade
You're flying, Geordie!
eyyyy one of our own neil maddo ! :) utb
Great interview.
Brilliant just fucking brilliant podcast
Enjoyed that , thanks!!, Alan Shearaaaa Legend!
Great interview guys !!
Fav podcast ,good work
Alan shearer like
R
Proud of Geordie
1:34:00
R.I.P SPEEDO LEEDS LEGEND \nOHHH GARY GARY GARY GARY GARY GARY GARY SPEED
Get SHOLA AMEOBI on
Next...Kevin Keegan...Rob Lee...and when he leaves the employment of Mike Ashley...Peter Beardsley...make these interviews happen
What a humble man Alan Shearer is.. He's also a straight talker, no bullshit and says exactly what he thinks. Not even a fan of Newcastle or shy of the teams he played for but so much respect for a good guy 👍\nMan I'd love a two hour podcast if you could get Paul Gascoigne on, imagine the stories he could tell lol.
I was 3 when he had his testimonial match I have it on DVD he's a true inspiration
Robson was not in charge at the time of the Dyer/Bowyer fight, weird Al forgot that one
So I need that mug
“Go get some exercise” does walking to McDonald’s count lol
Okay this was very needed. Thank you so much.
You wanna love yo self, you gotta date yo self honey! Hahah GOLD!! Ps you're an adorable human and I love this video.
Like,,,HOW is it possible i could love you more than I already do but THAT CLIP OF YOU SINGING NEXT TO NORMAL. DEAD.
I had a bad day and this helped so thank you💕✨
I find the best thing I do to help my mental health is cut out all (most) self deprecating humor. If someone else talked to me in the same way that I thought of myself I would not be friends with that person. It pays to be your own best friend and not worst critic.
Even if the world is falling around you...there's always tea I need this on a mug
Cayleigh for real this is fucking brilliant advice, what a fab video x
I appreciate your Josie reference
We're not in the dark timeline, we're in *the darkest timeline*! D:
watch videos of baby sneezing and facing or just cats
I give myself support even tho I feel like a freak for going to online uni because of social anxiety
find a pet store and just go hold baby animals \ndon’t buy animals from pet stores or think about puppy mills while ur there though
First, your bathtub is incredible. Also this is much needed. Let's all be mad in this mad world.
I love how you balanced the seriousness of this video with humour, subscribed! :)
my love for you continues to grow, thank you so much for making this <3\n\nalso your bathtub looks amAZING OMFG
can we talk about how cute u look with bangs
I loved this video❤️
ive had to have two days off work because of my mental health (aka this Monday and Tuesday) and I needed this. Thank you cayleigh x
You're amazing! Have an excellent day and have faith it will get better!
yay for mental health awareness!ヾ(๑l 7 l๑)ﾉ this video is helpful and hilarious haha!
you tell your self that your amazing and that you love you self even if you don't believe it you just say it and it helps i think i don't even know
Something that personally helps me is playing music/writing music but that’s a ~me~ thing. Also jamming to La La Land cause I’m a basic white girl
ah man i wish wine still helped rather than making everything worse, those were the days lol
The little positive messages idea is such a good concept!! I’m definitely going to start leaving myself little reminders. Thanks babeeee
Your bathtub is yuuuuugeee
1:03 holy shit that reference. this is why you're my favourite
bee and puppycat! (p sure)
Um.... Oh.  Uh... The link is no working... How can support Cayleigh? Helps please?
Yas Fran bow! Something that helps me is to go on little day trips somewhere (it doesn't have to be far or expensive). I also like coloring books as well as baking.
Isn't it really late where you are?
Awesome vid💖💞❤️❤️ i Love it! Can you make a room decor...... Just any kind of room decor hahahhaha! Anything you make is awesome❤️💖💞
YASSS GIRL GETTIN THOSE SPONSORSHIPS!! Btw this is one of the best vids you've ever made❤
Hai cayllles. I love ur vids and really love ur drunk storytime with Cinderella, so I was wondering if u could make another one of those plz I would love to see one ❤️
I SAW THE FLOWER BOY ALBUM COVER AND I SCREAMED
I need that Rick T-shirt for my mental health please where do I find?
Just buy some fucking straws, they make drinking more enjoyable
No one's freaking out about the bangs bit so I will omg I was so shocked for a second then I was like omg that looks so good on her then I was like ohhhhhh\nA true rollercoaster well trolled Cayleigh
lmao brilliant thanks hun <3
Mental health is a real problem! Please don't ignore it if you want some help talk to someone it helps!
Tea is magic
@chipotle sponsor this girl
lav ya gurl
good on ya cayleigh!
Yah!
love ya gurl!!! 💕 also, that bridesmaids reference 😂
You're great 👍
omg fran bow i love it
Self-care suggestion: Watching Ron Swanson compilation videos while eating steak
ice cream
was that franbow?
Hi!
mozart was crazy 🎶💕
All that guy could taste was regret...
I thought Rick and Morty fans were supposed to be of higher intelligence? They bee getting scammed
Is this the Krusty Krab?
LMAO. WHAT A SHAMEFULLY EATEN NUGGET, He looked so depressed with himself for just spending $10 on one dumbass nugget.  Then the regret kicked in when he realized he was being recorded.  😂😂😂😂
*_T O   B E   F A I R ,_*
What's so special about szechuan sauce?
Mc Donald's \nIs soo A typical that this is NOT even funny . this global company literally is making money off this . Quasie attitude you post regardless because they are so stable in the market. It would actually be funny if you just got an outfit an started working there. Ha
Mmm supply and demand working at its finest.....
his face says it all... it aint worth it
Why are People so stupid these days
THAT FUCKIN NUMALE CUCK TAKING THE MONEY FROM HIS FATHER
If only the guy selling looked more jewish this would be perfect.
A sauce that has been nearly forgotten for 19 years, suddenly blows up in popularity because of one show
Eat from a strangers hands for 10$. Did he wash his hands?
i fucking love how his face shows the worthiness
Dumb kid. \nThey were selling for 800 dollars on eBay. \n\nCongratulations on missing out on a fortune.
0:21 why is that the perfect representation of the rick and morty fanbase
0:05 you can see how the guy asked for his father to borrow the 10 bucks lmao
I had this sauce before. It was good, but not $10 a pop good. Particularly notable for the sesame sauce aftertaste that lasted hours.
I do not understand how can he sell something inside the macdonalds. Isnt it wrong to sell other things inside another shop
It's no scam, they got exactly what they paid for; what an inspirational merchant.
And people thought MLP & Steven Universe fans were cancer. R&M fans are super AIDs double cancer.
It's fake 4 guys set this up!
The aspiring entrepreneur seems to touch the money and hold the nugget using the same hand. Not only the idiot will get the chance to taste the sauce for $10, he will also get E coli for free. Great deal!
The idiots paying 10 bucks are stupid but that’s actually a good idea to get idiots to pay 10 bucks for it
i blame baby boomers for this shit
This shows the elites the true nature of people. They can watch this and justify there own actions since the first chance this dude got he started exploiting people, reassuring the elites that any of us they are causing suffering would have done just the same if we was in the same position the elites currently are. He had a chance to share valuable limited resources the sauce like people preach for the corrupt people to do but then we dont do it ourself at the first chance we get?
Somebody help me out, is this sauce expensive or rare or what?
This seshuan sauce has been blown way out of proportion
Half expecting Rick to walk in with 100 dollar bills in his hands.
Thank you Rick and Morty you proved our world is fat enough to pay $10 for a bit of sauce and nugget
It's my series arc Morty, 9 seasons morty
This sums up Americans in a chicken nugget.
How is he allowed to do this inside the place where it was sold
Capitalism has gotten out of hand
THE LOOK ON THE NERDS FACE JESUS MAKES ME LAUGH
Rick and Morty fans: we're smart cos we watch Rick and Morty, the rest of you guys are fucking retards cos you don't understand the show\n\nAlso Rick and Morty fans:
The most American thing ive ever watched
-pays 10 usd for a nugget\n-eats it in one go
Please help me I am in great pain.
It wasn’t worth it👎
That guy doesn’t seem impressed
That man is a genius.
What a fucking fool. The look on his face when he's asked if its worth it. Of course  its not fucking  worth it
Don't these guys know anything about hygiene?!
Its a scam a few people In on it and they buy and say its nice so other normal people buy like sheep
Is this in Canada
These rick and morty fans are so fucking cringe smh
you paid a man 10 dollars to dip a nugget in some shite sauce, if i was your dad ill slap the shit out of you and disown you for life.
Why did i watch this 😒
Is this a live action Ed, Edd and Eddy?
Capitalist at its best! 😂😂😂
you can buy szechuan sauce from the chinese down the road from me. they do it with seafood or meat
People in the comments will gladly hand over money for overpriced iPhones, celebrity endorsed makeup, cars, and sneakers etc but think it's dumb to buy a nugget dipped in sauce for ten bucks ......
The world is fucked.
Think for yourself, don't be sheep
Jimmy neutron in ten years
Stupid niggers. This is why you are poor.
Rick and Morty fans belong in concentration camps
That’s cheap as fuck!!!
Szechuan sauce? Tf??\nBruh that dude handles money and then your nugget and sauce. Good luck with all that faecal matter on the nugget, you probably got some other sauce too 😷
ARE THEY REALLY THAT GOOD???
'Capitalism is the most efficient system at resource distribution'
You should all kill your selves
50% men don't wash their hands after toilet, so there's a 50% chance he touched a penis before taking that nugget.
He then sold them air for $20
Fair play to the guy hustling these idiots
Good for him. Just like people that pay $1,000 for a phone.
Well, time to stop watching rick and morty and associating myself with the horde of asshats that claim to be fans......
Lol the guy stuffs it in and crosses his arms like yes I'm a badass
:24 That is the face of defeated, beaten man.
What a stupid fucking video.
Rick and Morty is truly a show for intellectuals a fanboy shouts as he pays 10 dollars for a fucking chicken nugget...
biggest asshole
Wow much intelligent\n\n\nSuch intellects
Fucking retards
Fucking 10 bucks apiece for meme sauce
Bet you its soy sauce+ ketchup.
Goddammit Rick...
https://youtu.be/0sNs_w_9Q8k *this*
genius
Watch this\nhttps://youtu.be/inLM7eCRaTA
What a nugget
Capitalism at its finest
Actual Autism
Wtf is this?
Filfiy  capitalist
I need it ffs
Communion
American weirdos
Anybody else like WTF
What a fucking legend
aaahahahha, gogo internet! make the sauce flow!
Worlds gone mad 🙈
Fucking sad fat americunts😂
Mc Jewed
The Chad Enterprise
What is szechuan sauce lol
Please meme gods make 0:25 a meme
All these comments hating on Rick and Morty fans saying they can't be as clever as they think they are for spending $10 a nugget.....I argue the dude selling the nuggets is the biggest fan in the room and he's a fucking genius
Written by Kate McKinnon
The comments on this are wild. Anyway perfect sketch, amazing show, hilarious women. Love it ❤
It's wrong to be gay.
THE KISS WAS SO CUTE
Well… I can’t say I’m not jealous…
Im grateful for the x0.5 speed option
I may have watched this 32 times
oh great! now i'm gonna have to replay this video and masturbate!!
Finally some action!
Gal Gadot is so damn stunning
Daaamn that kiss.... :O
Ugh, dykes ruin everything.
I would frickin cry if Gal Gadot kissed me 😂
This is basically tumblr
That was so terrible I wish I could take my view back.
Fan girls be like...
That kiss was longer than Gal Gadot's career to this point.
Fat Joe new hot smash single So Excited check it out https://youtu.be/AvmOC-SwnhU
this was hot garbage. i clicked on this because of the number of views thinking i was finally going to see a good SNL skit and didn't laugh once, didn't get excited about the kiss, nothing. this shit is hot garbage. one of the best I've seen is this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EG0wQRsXLi4
This is funny? How exactly?
Why is a kiss always their punchline lately?
gal gadot really is beautiful id kiss her!!
I just ... ... ... anyone who has seen me watch WW or the mew GB knows the inhuman noises I made ... which were really loud.
