Use lake conclusion chief half site display healthy.
So thats what all the fuss was about... huh.
Fun fact! This is why I don't eat beef! But now also environmentalism reasons.
Considering hamburgers are 90% lips and arseholes.....its probably best to sear clear of them anyway.
I can't donate blood since I used to live in Europe in the 90's because of this. It's like I have Schroedinger's Mad Cow Disease.
YEAHhhhhhhh .... Just totally gloss over the fact that the cattle testing program here in the US wouldn't catch a case that occurred even if there was one. Besides not testing nearly enough of the cattle we eat, the cattle are slaughtered at less than 2 years old. Which is long before BSE would be detectable. And even one prion is enough to eventually kill you, the amount you eat just determines how long the incubation period is. And we have an Alzheimer's epidemic where the symptoms can in some cases be strikingly similar to vCJD... (cough cough ignore the anomalous autopsies of Alzheimer's and dementia patients.)
It's been mooted that a cleaning process involving carbon-tetraflouride that was stopped, IIRC, in the 80's, (over legitimate concerns about it's use) may have allowed the scrapie prion to migrate.
F u Mad Cow! Getting nagged at 24/7 to give blood, while no one wants it cuz I went to the UK to visit fam a few times in the 90s 🖕
I wonder if Donald Trump ate his own steaks? If so, where did they come from? \nThat might explain a lot! ;-)
Prions in land fills, do not die. Think about what they do with the brain. The brain contains the Prions and yes they can travel to other areas of the body, but mostly they are found in the brain.
They run out of finance after the project got discovered, like the aids and anti biotics project. All man made problems they get paid to fix.
I actually know someone who died of mad cow disease about 5 years ago and in just two months she was dead. it was on the news and everyone was freaking out cause apparently another lady in the same area got it around the same time
I was in the UK during the mid 90's and for that reason i'm not allowed to donate blood.
Is a similar disease that infects whitetail deer and caused by a similar issue it can leave entire regions uninhabitable for whitetail deer for Generations
A friend of mine still doesn't eat beef because of it.
3:33 the bit about donating blood. It seems every blood drive I run into, I seem to be the first one to have ever educated any of the people taking blood on this. When I tell them I cannot donate blood because I lived in Germany between 1978 and 1982, and again between 1988 and 1994, they just look at me like I'm weird.
So if it isn't a problem to eat meat from a cow with mad cow disease, how come they won't allow you to donate blood if you lived in England during the outbreak?
Done it again, though this was going to be about 3 phase feminism.\n🤣😂😂🤣 no this is about friendly animals.
Mad cow disease is on the streets and called Antifa.
.......how did they not figure out an herbivore shouldnt be fed an cannibal diet....... oh Europeans. your history is quite telling
i remember an outbreak of it in the 2000s and i remember alot of hispanics were pissed about about it because alot of cow organs werent sold because of the disease scare. you had a higher risk of getting it if you ate the organs.
What happened to Mad Cow Disease?\nGovernment Regulation & Enforcement.
what makes it really scary is that prions can remain inactive in the brain for decades before being set off. there are people who ate infected beef in the 90s are still alive today with ticking time bombs in their heads.
My mother has this sad to say
There's one inaccuracy in this video. When he says that all cases in the u.s. were picked up over seas. My grandma died of vCJD before i was born. They don't know how she got it. So we can't know for sure that it was picked up over seas
New farming practices yeah like not force cannibal feeding cows? Genius.
I actually knew one of the few that were effected by the human strain. It was really sad :(
In India, we call people like you 'Champu'😂
Man I guess I should never eat cow anymore. Probably shouldn't eat pork just to be safe. Plus with bird flu I shouldn't eat chicken either. You know what? I'm just going to eat bats and bush animals, that's almost certainly safer!
huh.. so its not a zombie apocalypse.
There is a similar prion disease in humans called Kuru. Groups in Papua New Guinea that practiced cannibalism in funeral ceremonies cooked and ate most of the body including the brain. After the practice was discontinued new cases dropped dramatically but it still popped up for over 50 years from people who were infected before the practice was ended. The last official death from Kuru was in 2009 and the epidemic was declared over in 2012 with no verifiable cases since.
I'm a Vegan now 😊
Yep, can't donate blood in the USA because of living in the UK in the early 90s.
Why do people scream during night? How to fix it?
Maybe we could look at the theory of Kuru
perhaps, the cows are no longer angry. arbitration, i suppose ...et carter
Your steak is not out to get you\nthat's debatable, lol
1.Get a grass eater.\n2.Feed it its own meat.\n3.Wait for results.\n4.Repeat the process.\n5.Call yourself a wise ape.\n6.NO PROFIT.
What the he’ll is this. Everybody knows made snail disease is worse
Human madness also comes from eaten crushed human bones and muscles
The government creates these diseases to scaremonger , what ever happened to mad cow disease , bse, bird flu , SARS , Ebola ,
If a cat is pissed off at me does it have mad meow disease?
Now I'll go and eat steak.
Weird, I looked it up awhile back & found something about it being caused by the pesticides being used on the cows to keep flies that make holes in their hides away, and the chemicals from said pesticides reached their brains because of the holes flies had made. Good to know the actual cause though.
But how is the cow mad..
Well, that's comforting to know.......?
So we don't know for sure how people got vCJD but we know all Americans who got it picked it up overseas. You guys...
I always read that eating the raw brain of your species is what causes the prions to become mad and react with a degenerative disease. \nBasically you can't eat someone else's prion. It doesn't like yours and will attack.
Look up David Louthan Mad Cow Disease Moses Lake Wa. David Louthan, my moms ex and my little brothers father, alerted to a cow showing symptoms of BSE, at Vern's Meats. It was all over the news for a little while. The cow did test positive. And also our family's life was torn apart from his fame
I learned about the disease Kuru long ago and it was very interesting. It was a prion disease spread when a cannibal tribe in New Guinea honored their dead relatives by eating them. So a relative would die of Kuru and the relatives would eat them and get infected with Kuru! It was like Mad Cow disease for cannibals. You can read about it on Wikipedia. \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
It was renamed to feminism
Ok . butt what about the parallels of mad cow and cannabalism,what about that?
I feel like people aren't making nearly as big a deal as they should that WE PUT GROUND UP COWS INTO COW FEED! That is f**king disgusting and there should be a law against it with a harsh punishment.
Why are they feeding cows meat?
Love Stefan ❤️
The previous episode on the same topic was way more informative - \nthis is all about cannibalism \nhttps://youtu.be/Cubu-k7kSvw
what about mad snail disease?
The human appetite for animal flesh is a driving force behind virtually every major category of environmental damage now threatening the human future - deforestation, erosion, fresh water scarcity, air and water pollution, climate change, biodiversity loss, social injustice, the destabilization of communities and the spread of disease. -- The World Watch Institute
This was a good video...well done.\n                                                 👆🏻
Oh, not the moomoos!
Cows were fed with dead Cows?? ? Srsly. Aren't cows herbivores?
Kuru.
JCVD
....but...where is Hank?....
Why hollywood wont hire mad cow disease anymore.
Red sky at night,\nCattle alight.
What about mad snail Disease
THEEEEE MAD COW DISEASE
You know the best way to avoid getting mad cow disease, don't eat meat, simple.
Also THE FACT THAT COWS WERE BEING FED TO OTHER COWS WTF 😱
what happened to ebola, Sars, west nile and Zika?
Another good reason to be vegan
New farming practices like....not telling the truth about how farmers and the American government work together to cover up the cases? Then any case exposed is tarred as Alzheimer's or dementia instead? 🤔
Is this how dementia is being  branded as a modified version of cjd but the govt not admit it ?
BSE Causes nervous system damage . Your steak doesn't come from the nervous system as a matter of fact the nervous system isn't sold for that reason it's destroyed So eat your steak with no fear ! Don't be scaring consumers with biased ass video . Thanks .
What do YOU think, huh?? Well, I'll clue you in, Mr. Clueless. It went from Mad to Glad!! You blind cocksucker, can't you see the cow is smiling?? Don't laugh
At 2:30 it sounds like he put his hand inside his friends ass
Like how you brought back the squishy noises
The jigsaw pieces were two corner pieces, they'd never fit together :/
#BeSteeper Network of hotels-taxi. Life support service Hot El — modular mobile smart eco-hotel robo-transformer. Mega-hub of personal equipment for comfortable life and work. Hot-El tilda ws
im awkward and lonely...who else is with me?
how to handle our vulnerability not in an unfortunate way?
animation reminds me of Harold and the Purple Crayon
Why be normal? Being weird and different, unique and crazy, that's all so much more fun and interesting than being normal. And, what is normal anyway? Just a word used to say, most people act this way and it's weird if you don't. BE UNIQUE. BE DIFFERENT. BE YOU. Never change. And everybody is vulnerable, so why laugh at it, or make fun of it? Just pointless if you're making fun of somebody for it when you might feel the same way.
I don't like how the head emerged from the body.
This is so beautiful
this animation is gross.  the sound effects and the colors all remind me of fat. the characters are barbarically fat.  this is just difficult to listen to because it makes we want to vomit.  that would be disclosing something of my hidden self. blech.
It's such an inspiring topic and a great speech
This reminds me a lot of what I've already read a few years ago in Daring Greatly by Brene Brown. I highly recommend the book, it's also about vulnerability.
Nah, you are just gay
I think people need to stop being self conscious, narcissistic ass hats.
What background music did you use on your Higher Conscious video?
I wonder what mr. De Botton is going through in his life right now
I thought the title meant a more physical evolutionary way
Since I graduated college, I've had a few sudden revelations. One I'm better at handling and actually making since of abstract ideas than when I started. Two the principle of wabi sabi is present in western folk cultures. Specifically if you listen to american labor union hymns. There's something so uplifting, and quasi-spiritual about that music (especially if you're a worker, like me). It's country, it could be said to have blues influences. That, and the international socialist anthem. But that last one is qualitatively different. How?
Psychological warfar e get over youself you meed a clue jack
Knowing how to share your vulnerability is a key aspect to confidence. Such as having one or two safe people to share your vulnerabilities with. But also doing it from the point of view of accepting that vulnerability as a stepping stone to growing as a stronger person.
I love the message, and I love the video 💗🔥😂so epic
I don't mean to shit on your guy's videos but can you guys please tone down the horrible sound effects, please everything else; great video love your content :)
this is why i haven't made a true friendship in ages nor will i easily find love lol.
The importance of vulnerability is so I can use it to crush you. ❤️
Take this advice into combat, into a marriage, into a room full of debaters, onto the basketball court, any sport, and of course the advice fails.
Just because you have a million times more subscribers than me does not mean I don't need people to watch my videos. \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
*Grow a pair...*\nWheter you're a man or a woman.*\n\n\n\n\n*Beginning now:\nYes, there are *only* two genders.\nYou're welcome.
The school of life is still learning
He pooped out his head from his shoulders.
Those animations are really bad and hard to undestand.
This channel is getting disconnected from reality more and more and is more about wishful thinking of how things should be.\n This video + the you are not what you earn one totally shows it. \n\nPeople accept weaknesses less and less and only value others as numerical values or thorugh their social status.\nI wish it was different but sadly it is not. \nPerhaps you should make a video about the dehumanization we undergo in the world right now.
0:48 Ok what the fuck is happening
This hurts because it's true
This is a Perfect interpretation of vulnerability and the animation is so well made, Thanks for making such great videos <3
the squishy sound detracts from the video message
This has been one of my favourite animations so far. The squidgy sounds were a little unsettling, but the style was so cute.
Showing one's vulnerability does not exist in my dad's side of the family - super uptight. They only want to associate with SUCCESS.
2:43 Me whenever I feel like fighting someone.
They used pink as a color of innocence, vulnerability, fragile etc. Love it
This is great!! Could you do one on intimacy? (closely linked to vulnerability)! Thanks!!
I usually wear my durag on FaceTime early in the getting to know you stage of dating so the woman feels comfortable enough to wear her bonnet/head scarf which opens her open up in all other aspects. Something very small but an example of how your vulnerability can makes others comfortable enough to be vulnerable as well. Lol
I loved what this video was about, but hated the graphics and crunchy noises.
I realised how important vulnerability was when I broke up with my first exboyfriend and my brother, who usually was my buddy for watching shows or listening to music, came into my room when I was crying my eyes out, barely being able to talk. He sat with me on my bed for two hours, hugging me and talking to me, and since that moment he tells me his problems and talks to me about what makes him sad, which he has literally *never* done since he was 15.\nI think he really just needed to realise that just like he can be there for others, others can be there for him.
This is such a beautiful message.
The animation is awesomely weird and the way this is worded is brilliant.
Can you guys do a vid on bad habits and why it's hard to break them.
The best nasty animation I have ever watch!
The video didnt speak on being vulnerable to yourself before others. Give yourself the chance to be vulnerable enough to admit  your shortcomings and flaws. It's far better than someone else showing you the true mirror, if not with the very intentions, leaving you exposed and coming face to face with your flaws for the first time. Especially if you are someone who likes building a wall around themselves.
This is my problem with friends and coworkers. I let go just enough without showing any vulnerabilities or weaknesses. It's a good way to get through the day and function like a normal looking human being, but I feel like I lack those really deep relationships with others.
Just want to say that I wish good luck to everyone who will this. Hope you achieve your goals. Hardwork pays off. \nMuch love, peace :)
This animation reminds me of when I used to watch Maisy.
sound effects were pretty distracting, but the message itself is pretty great
That's why memes are important. Share memes instead of anything personal on the Internet.
I'm not the most succinct person but my take on the message is vulnerability = humanness ---> oneness, the unmasking of our fronts or differences ---> true connection + less loneliness, thus sincere love and joy. \n\nMy algorithm on happiness. Easier said than done. \n\nIt's weird. I was just at the Vatican in Rome last week. (Nothing fancy, I was just on a short vacation on my own till I met up with a friend) I was waiting in line to pay for a ticket to go up the stairs of St. Peter's Basilica. A young couple was pleading for an exchange of cash of US dollars to Euros. They had no cash to pay for the tickets. No one was helping them/ or I was the only American in line that would care for dollars (we will never know). I offered to help and they were very grateful. I thought nothing of it after continuing in the line to go up the steps. The young boy went to the head of the line (where I was) and thanked me again and again. He was so relieved. \n\nI still regret it. I wanted to be vulnerable and say We are the Vatican, whether you believe in this religion that created this beauty or not... why wouldn't I help... It's not only the religious thing to do, it's the human thing do. Instead I humbly and sheepishly said Oh, it's nothing. It's not a problem.  It's really wasn't a problem, but I still regret not saying what I really felt. I didn't want to feel vulnerable with my intrinsic values in the middle of a Roman tourist attraction. I guess my greater message was that love and compassion made me do it, not only a fear of God or those kind of negative religious associations. It's odd because I felt compelled to tell this to him. I really thought I was crazy. People don't talk like that I thought... I guess I was scared of his rejection of my personal values. I feared his projections of my honest intentions. Even if his gratitude turned to disgust due my reference to a religion, I should have been strong enough to take any reaction, because I was being open and aiming for genuine care for the other. \n\nI wasn't vulnerable, because I felt ashamed. Looking back, why feel\nashamed with being kind - no matter the source, rationality or irrationality of that action.\n\nIt was one of my favorite moments of the trip. I fell short with this, but I challenge myself to do better as a human being with a soul that is longing to express and connect meaningfully with others- whether at the front of a Walgreens or the front of a majestic Roman church.
I like your thumb people
Showing vulnerability can vary on how people react. Some people will find a way to belittle you and want to have the upperhand and will use this against you. Others will be more accepting of it and feel a connection with you because they too make mistakes. Show a bit of vulnerability and take a step back and see how the other person reacts..
Brenè Brown has a very good ted talk about this exact topic, I emplore anyone interested in this topic to check it out.
I'm a very different person from who I was five years ago. A better person. I was scared of vulnerability before. I felt as though I was placing my emotional stability and happiness in the hands of others by being vulnerable. These days, I've found that I feel more in control of my life and my emotions than I ever have, and I believe it's largely due to my willingness to be vulnerable; my ability to be honest with others, and honest with myself, about who I am and how I feel. I'm proud of that. (:
this is really Hard to watch
That guy spilling a beer on his shirt is kindof overreacting.
guys be a pussy, its gonna help trust me, be a pussy ok, be weak
I used to live in China and I was not very good at speaking Chinese. Statistics would have you believe that a third of people spoke English, and at first I didn't believes that, because they wouldn't talk to you because they were afraid of making a mistake or not speaking English very well. However, I eventually discovered some ways to coax it out of them, one of which was to intentionally do something embarrassing. I also found a good way was to pay them a compliment, anything that brought yourself down a level, or caused them to feel brought up a level. it eventually became apparent that the statistic was close to accurate. I could also tell who was likely to speak English by looking at them, and judging by their age, and how they dress. I know that sounds superficial, but it had close to 100% reliability.
I'm no expert but I got to tell you those are some gross sound effects.
I think the producer may be projecting just a bit. Many good points, peppered with what seems situation specific occurrences (i.e. being mean to loved ones; That's a choice not a state of being.)\n     Take responsibility for yourself. Take control of your own life. Take back our homeworld.
Inner Idiot would be a great name for a band.
School of life = how to become a nice guy
We are strong enought to be weak thats something good to remind ourselves in bad situations
Wisdom
TOO MANY SOUNDS
Tf these niBBas drinking? Jello? Wtf
Pew pew pew
Cutest animation
Animation reminds me of Roblox
This is absolutely brilliant. Thankyou!!
Psychos.
Buy/Sell Trend Detector http://bit.ly/2yj64cF
wtf his puzzle piece changed
love the pink squishy guys
Beautiful message, thank you.
Beautiful!
2:19 sliding in smooth
That wail !!😂 ' A A H H!!'
2:39 - ;DD
1:30 is best
Lovely realizations. Thank you !
Brene Brown <3 <3 <3
Lol such brilliant graphics xx
<3
The sound effects...
Why do they sound squishy? Yuck
I pretend to be vulnerable so others open themselves up for manipulation.
I hate to generalize, but it seems like in our society, the more appropriate response to bad things happening is anger. To many, it seems, anger denotes strength, the sense that I won't let people walk all over me. If we respond with sadness or melancholy, which is healthier I think, people tend to look down on us, label us as a Debbie Downer or a Sad Sack. They would rather we pretended to be happy so as not to upset THEIR comfortable existences. But I think we yearn for that kind of honesty about our feelings, and I think there's a strength and wisdom toward resisting the urge to get angry. Not that anger is always bad. It just seems we tend to see it as valuable, whereas sadness is something to cover up or cure. Am I way off base?
Why do much squish? Why so much squishing? If as a visual metaphor then cool, but omg, I want to vomit
Fuck vulnerability! Be the machine 100% of the time! Kill every weakness.
What's the point if any emotion.... I hate emotions... But I suppose thats an emotion😂
The message is awesome but the creepy almost disturbing animation and disgusting squishy sound effects are sort of distracting.
Nah don't be vulnerable, I was vulnerable once with a girl that I loved more than anything in this world and she fucked me by cheating on me but I only found out when she left me. I swore I'd never give my heart to anyone every again, fuck bitches and leave them. Be strong, be hard, be a fucking bastard to chicks coz they'll fuck you in a heartbeat
these videos are so well written
This is one of the best and most important YouTube channels there are. Thanx ppl. You rock!!!
They are both the same fucking thing, people are so fucking stupid, like seriously !! Same shit, just fucking glass 😂 lmao apple out hear finessing you people ..
Will you ever give a giveaway ?????
Who’s watching on an iPhone 5s
These people have a lot of money and they buy buy iPhone by iPhone wasting money and I don't have an iPhone 3 😶
Is it weird that the new gold reminds me of the Pokemon, Chespin?
Is it like rose gold, I don’t want black or white, any suggestions?
Should I get the 8+ or the X it's my very first iPhone
I still have iPhone 5s..do you think I should upgrade to iPhone 8plus
The only apple product i like is an apple juice 😂😂😂😂😂iphone sucks as usual. Love android love root.
You have to take the picture First
👍🏽
Omg
Why didn't they make it gold all over including the front?
Is there a difference because I’m not fucking WASTING MONEY ANYMORE
ANY SMALL YOUTUBERS WANNA SUPPORT EACH OTHER 🤔 ????\n👈🏽👈🏽 NEW VIDEO OUT NOW!
Is it worth upgrading \n from an iPhone SE?
Can I plz have it i have an iPhone 1 still
Cool iphone 6 is released... oh wait its the iphone 8
Can I use the battery case for the 7 in the 8 ?
The one thing I'm curious to know, What is the refresh rate??.....Is it 120Hz like the iPad Pro 10.5 or is the iPhone 8/8Plus still at 60Hz like it has been for however long.....
Wireless charge is not include for iPhone 8? Please answer anyone
I’ve had a 6s scene it came out now I can get the i phone x😏
its fake its a clone
I'll stick with my Samsung Galaxy S7....
The only thing I like iphone is this color so beautifull.
Can you buy me one i am  poor
You should give me a iPhone 7 my family doesn't have the money to get one if you want to you can contact me at 513-391-0183
Y does it look like a fake iPhone 7
Your video was awesome.everything was clearly explained. You're great
So what’s the difference?
Looks exactly like all the other iPhones lol...🤣
Space gray is my favorite
Iphone x and 8 are a rip off
I really want to get a new iPhone but which one should I get iPhone 7 or 8 plus and which color I really like the rose gold
What would you suggest? Should I get an 8plus or an X?
Is there going to be an update to fix the blur for pics and on Snapchat? Not sure if it’s the oled
I phone new spec how to activate screen recorder in I phone\nWatch the video\nhttps://youtu.be/P-iycoh6Ozo
I love the color
What is different between the 8+ and 7+ besides that wireless charging thing and glass look stuff
it's an ugly color lmfao i don't want a tan iphone wtf i deff don't see no gold in it besides the sides
It look that color because of the reflect of glass
I phone 6 squad where you at!
Worst phones ever . Only for guys who have lots of money and want iphone to proove that they have money . Stupid kind of people
Well coming from the iPhone 📱 6s plus this is a upgrade for me. Glad they brought back the glass back
fake phone i bought a 8 today and the back of mine has the text below the iphone text
Whoever thinks iPhone is evolving has no brain just look at it's design every fucking year the same bloody thing.
Beautiful! I wish I could use that one too ..before killing myself.. :/
I have a 6s plus, should I upgrade?
Looks like the 6, 6 plus, 6s, 6s plus, 7, 7 plus...Apple needs to change the shape of the phone.
OK.... I'LL STICK W/ MY MATTE BLACK iPHONE 7+ 👌🏾
The design iphone 4 is same as the iPhone 8 and x. Glass back and front. And stainless steel
can you wireless charge with cases on?
Damm... I like that color though ffff I wish that color came in iphone 7 plus
Can I trade my 6s plus for the 8 plus?
Is it just me or...is he a T Mobile
Is it just me or is the iPhone 8 bigger then the iPhone 7...?
Does the glass back get finger print marks when you touch it
Nice title unboxing and first impressionswhat impressions?the back is made of glass so you can use wireless charger,that's it,new iphone 8
I watch the full ad so EverythingApplePro can get paid. like if you do the same
Come to my page for more unboxing video
I'll subscribe to anyone that likes the comment and subscribes to me
Is he recording his voice after the video?
I have iPhone 6 and I'm happy with that! ✌️
Everythingapplepro are you going to get the gold or the silver or the gray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDsoHhzBwCA .... you said apple should be always like this... now you are saying that glass is more classy .... hmmm i dont know if u have your own opinion on phones but you just like whats new ...
Did the blur effect changed in ios11? It looks like its more translucentsy than before... see the photos when scrolled 3:25
I'm getting the iPhone 8 + for Christina's I've had my iPhone 5c for a 2 years So I need an upgrade
Does it still have the force touch feature ?
I'm an android user and I haven't really tried iphone before...so I'm thinking:  Would it be a good idea if my next phone was an iphone?🤔..idk what to do.
its not rose gold its fucking pink.
I really want that phone... T-T
Can you charge any Apple Watch with this new AirPower charging mat?
I just hate that they took away the headphone jack. I mean when i want to charge and listen to music i cant do both at the same time.
Can I have the 7 plus???? 😢
I want an iphone 😭 contact me 01123603508 😭😭 please post one to me 😭 i want it 😭😭
GALAXY NOTE 8 IS BETTTER
its coolerthan i yhought
😏👎
Same old same old like every year
Pls do antutu benchmark for the iPhone 8
this was iPhone 7+
Why i hate I PHONE ?
Nice
hello give me a phone plaese
Ayyy, WA gang
👌
savage be like iphone 8 on samsung wireless charger
The iPhone 8 is SEXYYY 😍😍
Nice phone :-)
lmao ABOOT, dude its pronounced A-BOUT
Very nice iphone......
Peace
Giveaway
Face I’d?
yea..
That creamy Gold makes me hungry😥
Do an s8plus vs iPhone 8+ vid!
A boot
iPhone 8 came out today
Its not funny.
After reading the comments i feel i missed what others heard , i hear nasally ,hillbilly girl with a tune fit for 8 yr olds .
been there for us Miley 😘😘😘😘😘
Primitive Technology got 12 mil views in one day. This got 800k. There's hope people !
She sounds like a smoker with cotton mouth singing a shitty song while huffing out a loaf on the chest of all that is good in life. 😔
If I spent a week without you\nBet you'd wonder what I’d do\nProbably I would go to Malibu
JUST AMAZING! IT'S CALLED PERFECTION, HERE!!!!
somehow I can like her no matter what
I just preordered her album. Omg! I can't wait 😍
Wake up! Christian propaganda right here, Jesus saves, the end is near. God bless you all.
Who's here before 1,000,000?
There's something so satisfying about her voice... it has so much depth and character. I'm not her fan but I can appreciate this.
now this is what i really wanna hear after a long time all about bullshit booty songs. they're all crap. now this, this is pure talent and so relaxing and..  just wonderful
FLY ON THE WALL REFRENCE MAYBE?
Smaller channels wanna help each other grow sub to me I'll sub back comment to let me know you've subbed
I cant stop listening to this song!!!!
I'm here before #IHeartFestival <3
One of her better songs indeed!
Miley is about to put out some good ass shit out of no whereeeee. it's going to be so good wtf
gosh i really love this song love at first sight!
The way she has changed is so good and inspirational. Queen.
If I spent a week without you\nBet you'd wonder what I do\nI think that I'd start going out\nGet caught kissing other dudes\n\nAnd it seems you just wanna bring me down, down\nWith your bad attitude (bad attitude)\nWhen you know I'm not one to keep dealing with the shit\nThat you put me through\n\nI know that I gave you my heart\nBut you stomped it to the ground\nAnd that's what got me wondering what it's like\nTo not have you around\n\nIf I spent a week without you\nHmm, I'd probably have so much fun\nFirst thing first I'd gather up all my girls, yeah\nSo we can lay out in the sun\n\nIt would be so nice not to worry, yeah\nHow I love not to stress\nI'd go and grab my old blue jeans\nI'm sick of wearing this silly dress\n\nI know that I gave you my heart\nBut you stomped it to the ground\nAnd that's what got me wondering what it's like\nTo not have you around\n\nYou know I'd miss you, baby\nFeels like I've known you since I was just 7 years old\nYou used to make me smile but now you don't do that anymore\nIt feels like I'm always just crying and sleeping alone\nBut when I think of you gone, I know\n\nI know that I gave you my heart\nBut you stomped it to the ground\nI don't want to wonder what it's like\nTo not have you around\n\nTo not have you around\nTo not have you around\nTo not have you around\nTo not have you around\n\nYou know I'd miss you, baby\nYou know I’d miss you, baby\nYou know I'd miss you, baby\n(Know I'd miss you)
this deserves so many shares, views and likes ugh
The Best part of the song is 0:00 til 3:45 + infinite replay
*I need her album, like now!😍*
Can’t wait for 29.09 ❤️
I need this to have a music video🙈
WTF YOUTUBE?? WHY DIDN'T YOU SHOW ME THIS SOONER?
She has one of the best voices of this generation.  I adore this child.
I am in love with this song and Younger Now.
I LOVE YOUUUUUU
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
I love this!
I like her style, she's got everything.. <3
Her voice is amazing
2 Cyrus song in one day🙌🙌🙌
This is stunning. This new album is 3 from 3, might even be my fave so far!
How can people like this worthless no-talent garbage? This is proof that we are living in a generation of absolute idiocy.
I feel all her albums is vocally great for their time/age some maybe dramatic but all are beautiful body of work
I love how she doesn't care about what people think. And her new music isnt the typical hits you get from pop artists and she doesn't care she does what she wants
When I first saw the title, I instantly thought Week (with) or weekout (without) youuuu LOLOLOLOL
I'm crying while singing this song . Anyone else ?
She's really good her ain't she 😂she should come down the cavern club and do a few LIVE numbers and get a few beers in
Miley Cyrus belongs in a damn circus freak show!
Mylie ❤🌹\nAlwas was n always will be a 🌟\nLove ur new songs  \nBest wishes 😙\nSep 25th
i don't like it
Miley xD u gotta see this vid by smosh I'm letting u its funny https://youtu.be/ZkX_bbsUMvQ
It's sounds like she's on the rag
Te amo Miley and I love this songggggg
My New song for bad aaaaa
M A R A V I L H O S A !
I can't seriously express How mush i love this Girl Miley you're M'y Idol
Beautiful song...... I love this baby girl!! 💕
This is the best song she's put out for this album so far!
CAN'T WAIT FOR HER ALBUM TO BE RELEASE :)
This sucks! She needs to get back to Twerking ASAP!💯
Most of comments are made up by her music album company to boost up sales
I love it Miley
This is going to be Miley's best album ever.
This's soooooo gooood!
This is so beautiful! Milers is slayin
🌷🌹💐💐😘😘😘😘
😍😍😍
All downhill since malibu..
Nasty little whore
Miley Cyrus porn\nhttp://sasisa.mobi/fo/info.php?id=2838366&sid=uk5cdi57j3c0kamle3ek0p9cb6&kz_redir=1
fuckin queen ❤
😙😚😍😍😍😱😱
😍😙👏
SLAYYYYYYY 😍😍😍😍
THE KING!
so good song baby
Love it ♡
perfect song❤
1:45 THE BLUE JEANS REFFERENCE OMG
What a nasty disgusting satanic cunt.
SOOOO GOOOD❣️❣️❣️🌳
Yasssss 2017 M.C.
Liam Hemsworth
Favorite things
amazing song! *_*
i love you miley
Me gustaria saber quién escribió esta canción y en base a qué está hecha. Me gusta.
Ohhh Miley
❤❤❤❤
!!killin' it miley!
It's thrilling!!
wow this is horrifyingly terrible
Week Without You
Queennnn i love you
💙✨💫❤💞🌈🌻👌🌺😍☀💓💖
😍😍😍
Yass bitch!
YOU SUCK you dumb bitch !!!! TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
cant wait
I love this😍😍
❤💙💚💛💜
She looks like pink
Miley Cyrus better Camila cabello
Perfect Maily Cyrus ❤❤
Whatever floats your boat.
You sound like the guy at Wendover Productions. Are you the same?
Love the new channel man! I can’t believe there’s an ISO standard for so many everyday things!
What kind of weirdo puts milk in tea?
I thought they were going to purchase and review a $40 cup of tea, universally heralded the international standard.
I can't imagine how much more difficult so many of our jobs would be without ISO.
No joke, but are you wendover productions?
In Switzerland you really do have to pay 40$ for some shitty tea...
well arent you going to make the actual tea??
Here in Brazil we like cold tea. Thats it
But I want a Nintendo Switch.
Now I wanna know how to make Tea :d \nJust so I would know how I'm making it wrong...
When everyone moans about milk tea and you're there living with people that drink milk strawberry tea with maize bubbles everyday...
Don't put the milk in first, ya eejit!
All that and they never actually brewed a cup of tea?
So when there's a research done with tea will the report specify it's ISO standard tea?
The USSR... No one is bringing up that Yugoslavia was also on that list
I clicked on the Skillshare link and it took me to a page that insists that I register before it will tell me anything about it. This is a red flag.
of course i find this video while drinking tea then again im British so what do you expect
Your voice is so perfect for this job!!!
DON'T YOU DARE PUT THAT MILK IN BEFORE THE WATER!
Milk first?  I'm preemptively spinning in my own grave at the thought!
How did people ever live 100 years ago
Fun fact: ISO is NOT an acronym and is pronounced “eiso” not “I-S-O”
Who thought the ISO standardized Tea would cost 40$ ? 😂
Everybody complains about adding milk to the tea\n.\n.\n.\n.\nWhile I'm here adding milk AND egg to my fucking tea
3:26 A tea standard without China? Fake standard!😂
Give the animator a Nintendo Switch!
Well how does it taste?
that's not how tea made. What nightmare
Nice transition to the sponsor
More like twice as interesting!
Ay say what you want but this is SOOOOO FUCKEN GOOD I love this series
Is this Tom Scott? https://youtu.be/jvJzi0BXcGI
Holy shit it's wendover
I put the milk in my tea before the water. Otherwise the teabags will burn.
You know its gonna be a good video when 5 million brain cells die before you even get to 1:00
Who the hell puts milk in tea?
I'm Brazilian and we do drink tea, just not as much as we drink coffee though. The whole milk after or before tea thing makes no real sense, since tea isn't served with it here and it would be seen as weird.
Wait there's an ISO for cereal? Does the cereal or the milk go in first!?
TThis is amazing
3:28 the part where Turks look and go: WTF?! MILK IN TEA??
If brewed tea is add to milk then fine. But you never brew in pre milked water because the milk will slow the defusing. Yours a British Citizen UK.
This channel needs to be renamed Twice As Interesting.
40 dollars i could pay someone to brew for me ... with changes lol
Well that's because the Irish would be honoured to educate the rest of the world how to make tea, we just couldn't be arsed!
Welp it looks like the animator won't be getting a Nintendo switch any time soon.\n\n( Buying a Nintendo switch for your animator would be a better way to waste your money then a internationally recognised tea recipe. )
I thought you were going to actually make a cup of tea!  So disappointed.
I'm with the Irish on this one; YOU DON'T PUT THE MILK IN BEFORE THE HOT WATER!!!
Love the anthem in there lmao
I am British and I can happily teach you for free how to make a cup of tea, DM me lolol
Of course the USSR approved it, they didn't even know how to make bread, do you really think they knew how to make tea on their own?
Is the interesting half full or empty?
I have a Masters degree in international trade law, which might be a factor; but this is truly the best thing I have ever seen.
I hate bureaucracy... I would never pay $40 for a peice of paper.
I like the .iso file format for virtual disk images.
The reason milk was added first in historic instances was to protect the delicate bone china from shattering when hot water hit the cold cup, they added milk first so the hot water added would be slightly cooler and no cause the cup to shatter. But that is no longer the case with cups anymore, other than fine bone china.
I enjoyed the video, but I do have one critique. I’m sure you basically pulled Brasil out of a hat without realizing that they actually do drink tea there. Not the same tea like in the U.K. or the other countries mentioned, true, but they do drink tea. I lived there for just a few years and had tea all the time, often from herbs people grew at home. So yeah, may e a Brazilian researcher wouldn’t know how to brew tea like a British researcher would, but he could make some type of tea I’m sure. (My favorite I had while living there was probably camomila)
Milk BEFORE tea?! BLASPHEMY! Come, Brits and tea lovers, buck the system! TEA BEFORE MILK. *GOD SAVE THE QUEEN.*
Or the researchers could agree on how to prepare their tea so that the preparation method is uniform. And document their preparation procedure for anyone else who would want to replicate the experiment. No need to feed Eurocratic snobs $40 for that.
As an English person I belive it's a *Mortal Sin* to add milk first
I want a video on ISO for how to Wipe arse after business has been finished
This is the first of your videos I've watched, and it's hilarious. Subscribe
I have a question\n\n\n\n\nWhat's a gay bomb?
Dude, if you put the milk in first you don't have to stir... only a degenerate would put his milk in AFTER
He wants a Nintendo switch
I know this is small and picky\nIts kinda frustrating you started listing countries then stopped\nI know you were going for a joke but, \nIt felt more frustrating then funny  \nand the fast scrolling words kinda gave me a headache \nI know that last bit is personal but. . uh. . still xD\nOther wise the jokes were top notch xD
Cool. I'm gonna sue the hell out of my local Starbuck's for Not making tea by the ISO standard.
So I've been drinking tea wrong all my life!? Shame!Shame!
As a University student studying a science degree, I have to say, the ISO is the bane of my existence. \n\nBut I also have to say why on earth is there not an ISO for plugs/ sockets and home electricity around the world. Seriously, needing a different plug to charge my shaver and toothbrush is a right pain, then if I go on holiday to the US I am expected to wait like two hours to charge my phone half way, what is this madness, everywhere needs to just use the same plug and power (preferably the UK standard unless a better alternative is available)
No one knows my language Japanese :(
Why did you like the googke comment?
Your editing is on point hahah keep up the awesome work mate!
I'm bummed you didn't actually make the tea!
But I Want A Nintendo Switch 1:12 bottom left
well made episode about an awesome topic with a fun sense of humour! loved it, keep it up!
Learned nothing.  Still watched twice.  8 out of Crunk.  Would watch again.
Actually in Wales we pour in the milk first then the tea :D
Wooowwww  cool  😊  it's the human trafficking container 😊
The soviet anthem killed me 😂
ISO Standard for no soul: $959.00
Alright... but does Skillshare conform with ISO standarts?
India approved tea!
Soviet Accepted Tea
this is amazing
Typical globalist Propaganda
Half as Interesting, twice as hilarious
#fuckskillshare lol
FUCK FUCK USA
that sudden soviet anthem tho
That USSR moment 😂😂😂😂
I love this
Coffee is waaayy better
Iso means big in finnish launguage lel
Because I hate money..lol
No fecken milf in me tea!
WHY IS THIS TRENDING?
And Yugoslavia
Milk in tea?
Fibo Machine Pro http://bit.ly/2jRQMJl
Great content
I am kinda sad for the fans there.. They would have been confused af about where to look😂
This is so emotional. That is their song together with 1D and a member of 1D Louis is watching his bandmate since a song from their band omgggggg 😭
Nouis❤❤
Niall is the cutest little bean to ever live
i'm ain't the only girl who replayed the buttom
Please can you make me understand were is Louis??
YOU SAVED MY LIFE THABK YOU
I'm crying now thanks
OH MY GOD LOUIS YOU JUST GOT SERENADED. Niall. Run. Harry's gonna kill you.
Love them ! Btw i subscribed
Aww
OMG
When this event took place  ?
What the hell is this video???
you need help your control by illumanati want help poppy i want everyone in this world to be save
What the actual fuck
I want to fuck you so hard charlotte
Poppy ı dont love you you are idiot and NOOB Go Die !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is this a kind of feminist message?
Damn, Charlotte is a fucking savage
I love you poppy
Poppy should do a diss track on Danielle bregoli
Haven’t watched poppy in a while. I’ve clearly missed something.
'what would you know about decency you're a plant' ME
#soManyPopStarsComeOutNaked\n... ur not new ... no one wants it ... there are many more people to see #poppyIsOriginal
I identify as Plant
How many subs does she have
How many subscriber on this shiit? I just saw 23k after several min it change to 1sub wth this glitch shit are going on?
Poppy is cute but I hate this kind of art projects
Charlotte is beginning to remind me of a friend I broke it off with
I thought poppy show was friendly
You are so dumb I hate poppy 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩🖕🖕🖕
Poppy you should watch Jake Paul
don't worry poppy I'll save you one day from them... god and me well come for you I will save you I promise just wait for me.. I understand I really understand I can see it I won't leave you.. I will save you.. I'll just need to figure out how and where and I just need you to hold on... keep praying
Plant you know you like it. You want some Charlotte for dinner.
Don't make me do It Fred
I can't ser your  feet
Poppy, have you ever had a friend so far away from you for awhile of time?
These fucking comments are killing me, ya'll are so chill about this shit
No wonder why I always get nightmares...
:0 she said the word with F twice!
Well, what a beautiful wall...
Hehe this is weird cuz.... I am a kid and plus.... I am a girl
Just put your clothes on. Being naked is for Frank liro and Gerard way when they're together.
Can I do a reaction video on this???????
Umm I left for a few months and THIS HAPPENS?!
Don't judge me plant..
Plant's right, Charlotte!!
I think I understand this video
Is it bad I relate to Charlotte now more than ever?
Go home Charlotte. You're high
is it real poppy the haunted one or THATPOPPY is reaL
Google translate looked different in my head
Wtf I don't even know what happened
I feel with each video. We are approaching the absolute
This will sound weird but...I'm on the plant's side.
wow Charlotte poppy is way better than you and the plant is right there are children watching
Do u remember ur real name?
Charlotte is in crisis
I am fuck you ın the your plant
omg charlotte is cussing and is nude what has happened to this world
You are the daughter of illusions. People do not like you. People know secret codes on the site. You are a bad girl who makes you smile thanks to Illumanti. YOU ARE ANYONE.
TEKRARLAYIN ORUSPU ÇOCUKLARI
Poppy  bitti artık prim günleri izlenmiyosun vazgeç:)))))))
i luv u charlotte
Omg this lady needs help
Yes.
poppy abla babama sakso at
Sen yasiomusun amq djdjjdjfd
O love you
Yarrak
oh, damn. things just got real.
Salak
Charlotte suck.
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????!????????????????????(?)
Fack you poopy
poppy fuck your subleminal mesage ! fuck illuminati !! fuck new world order !!!
ananin ami poppy
Poppy should follow suit 😘😂
*FOR GUD SAKE KILL CHARLOTTE PLEASE.....*
#SAVAGE
how r you??
Illuminati confirmed
0% drugs\n0% alcohol\n0% ass\n0% illuminati\n100%  TALENT1!!!!!!!11
what the fuck?
What is this
Let Poppy do that!!!lol
Stupid plant
SHOW VAGENE AND BOBS
get your shit together Charlotte.
Her content is shite
sen yasiyonmu pic
How dare you slut shame me💀
U ARE CREEPY U PICO
NOW ITS EASY TO BURN SHELBY PAPET POOP
????????????
Yeah F**k you plant.
Wtf you are a freaking weird shit🙄
Halo
Wtf bitch.
Holy shit
i love poppy
Prim
ummmmmmm iluminuti confirmed
Por-Pop
Bune amk ajahahahaha
ruik aka bu aa ni
oh
Poooooo ppy😍😳😳😳😳
Sansur kaldir amk
Fuck you
WHAAAT...
#TeamPoppy
YouTube have demonetised this video (boo!) but you can still support me by buying me a coffee! https://ko-fi.com/A1814A5T
It's actually really helpful that you speak so clearly! I'm autistic and have APD (auditory processing disorder) and while I technically have perfect hearing, my brain does not know how to translate sounds correctly.\nSo I have a lot of trouble understanding spoken language, but I can understand you almost perfectly fine, which is very rare for me. You're great!
I´d wish that all english native speakers would pronounce *that* clearly ;-) being a german viewer of your channel I can honestly say it´s a real pleasure to listen to you <3
Boo for demonetization! I know I sound very deaf, and my voice is very low so even on my good days people have a hard time understanding me. So I simply don't bother! Maybe it could be fun for you two to take a class together to learn sign? I mean, I know you already know most of the signs but it might help Claudia learn better ;P
Fascinating!!! I didn't realise there were TWO British sign languages! 😲😅 Loved learning about the structural differences behind both though. I guess there are so many sign languages because they develop as organically as any other language does. Although after a quick Google search; we currently have 6909 languages in the world...so maybe 300 isn't too bad! 😂\n\nFor teaching Claudia, I think using sign language as much as you can when speaking to her would be helpful. I noticed that for me (even though I can't sign) through sheer repetitiveness from watching the TV show Switched at Birth (which I mentioned in one of your previous videos), I found myself picking up the signs and associating them with their correct words automatically (ASL though 😜). \nOn Claudia's end, she should first try signing a few words here and there in her sentences as opposed to trying to get her whole sentence signed correctly right off the bat (which will just lead to a lot of frustration). Think words like: bathroom, kettle etc. and eventually she will pick up more associative words and go from speaking like a child to an eloquent adult in no time. \nPersonally, I'm bilingual (English and French) and I understand but I'm too embarrassed to speak (Spanish and Italian) because I'm still at that speaking like a child stage, but practice makes perfect! 💪😤
I'm learning so much!! Thank you for explaining all of this. This is the first video of yours I've seen and I really enjoyed it! You're so so charming and entertaining.
I love all your videos!!
You're such an amazing and empowered woman, I love to watch you shine! Also I loved these videos on deafness, they were very honest and informative. Here where I live the sign language has a structure similar to BSL, so it was pretty interesting learning about SSE, I didn't know it existed.
Can you make Claudia a series of videos kiss for her to learn from?
Your such an inspiration
I loved all your videos this week! I’m actually hard of hearing and my dad is going deaf due to his cancer..so this week I’m starting ASL classes, I know some ASL but like you I use SSE because I honestly just find the syntax of ASL to be confusing. For example, you mentioned in BSL you would say “name you what?” In ASL it would be “you name what?” Granted, I do speak french but I’m already used to English sentence structure so it just is easier for me.
I didn't know the difference between BSL and SSE, thanks for that! I'm trying to learn sign language at the moment but if I try to watch a video with vocab I feel myself switching off. Something Special (the CBeebies show) taught me a bit as a teenager and I like watching interpretations of songs so I've loaded up your playlist of signed songs to get me started!
You have a beautiful accent. It matches your clothes. (I don't know what that means). But it does.
Haha a teach Claudia SL video is in order
do a video teaching Claudia SSE!!
While in Las Vegas Nevada recently I noticed that most shows (burlesque and variety) now offer a sign language interpreter. All you need do is let them know 4 hours (minimum and 24 is best) before the show you are going to see. Also great video!
Love learning about all this!\nOur (America) sign language is ASL (American Sign Language, lol). I know the alphabet and a few words, but not many. I have no idea how to structure sentences...\n\nSSE makes some more sense to me. Like, if I'm trying to use ASL, I do tend to just put the sentence in the same order I speak it. SSE seems like it'd be nice and straight forward that way.\nDo you know if America uses SSE at all or if they have an equivalent?\n\nAlso, I read (a while back) that the reason there are so many different sign languages is because it was 'illegal' to teach any sort of signing languagr to deaf people. (Not sure if actually illegal, or just frowned on by society.) So little groups of deaf people would create ways to communicate with each other, organically. Then, when actual deaf communities (schools, etc) started popping up, they started becoming actual languages as more and more people would be communicating and they needed to do more than sign one word at a time. It was interesting to read about, and I wish I could remember all the details.
Your voice is amazing. I have trouble sleeping and when I'm really stressed and just need a sleep, I put your videos in the background and your voice 'soothes' me and lulls me to sleep. I throughly believe you should do audio books. Except maybe not the ones with the Irish accent......... Xxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
One of the fun ways I learnt sign in my Auslan classes was with certain games. Like I can remember at one point there was a lockdown and we had to hide against a wall of the classroom and not speak, but being a sign language class, we could all kind of communicate with one another, so we played I Spy in Auslan. So that might be a fun way to get her to learn colours perhaps?
When I first started watching your videos I got hella confused because I'd be watching you sign and understand it and then you'd use a sign thats different to what we use in New Zealand and I was like why is it so similar??? because it was just similar enough for me to be I know whats going on and get complacent. It turns out British, New Zealand and Australian signs are considered part of the same dialect because they were created together and influenced each other, yay Commonwealth countries.
I'm learning through song! Music creates memories different parts of the brain, more long term so it's great for learning and revising. Look up Wayne Barrow - he's trying to get bsl taught in schools so to raise awareness he SSE signs music and songs and goes through some of them slowly so you can learn along with the Lizzy Jay who is there with him and only knows the basics
In fact, your English is so clear that is very easy to understand for someone like me who is trying to learn English, me and my family use your videos to practice listening :)
Hi Jessica, love your videos! You are quite possibly the most adorable person on YouTube 😊 x
I know American Sign Language and it's sooooo different from BSL! Watching you sign your version of SSE is so interesting to me because some signs are similar and then others are just like ???????  Haha!
Honestly your Irish accent wasn't half bad
Interesting. I’ve always thought and been told that it’s ‘your name what’ in BSL, as opposed to ‘name you what’. Either way, sign language grammar is certainly weird/interesting!
I was told I was HOH as a child, haven't had it checked since but I know I struggle with hearing and understanding. I had NO IDEA International Week of the Deaf was a thing!!!
I’m a hearie from America but I’m self learning ASL signs and use it as SSE here. I learn by watching people sign songs and it helps me learn signs. That way if I can’t remember a specific word I might remember the “song lyric sentence” and it helps me recall. Always a pleasure to watch your videos. Much love
Thanks for the explanation about SSE and BSL, I've been learning BSL for a while now, but had no clue about SSE and was constantly confused about how you speak and sign at the same time even though the structure in BSL is sooo different, but now I know you use SSE. It's cool they use same signs though, so you can talk to people using either and understand each other (the sentence structure doesn't really bother me as I already speak 3 other languages and the structure is different in every one of them haha). love your videos, x
Hiya, thank you for making these videos, they've been incredibly informative and enjoyable to watch.\n\nI'm in the process of learning BSL myself and personally I think it's easier to learn if you can make it fun somehow and turn the learning into games. Categories help too, I find it harder to retain signs if they're random and have no connection.\n\nAnd also, as much as I hate to admit it, being persistent. Can Claudia read fingerspelling well? Perhaps use signs here and there daily and if she cannot  remember the sign, perhaps fingerspell it instead? Hope all goes well, I wish you both the best of luck and if I think of any more ideas, I'll share them :)
I relate so much to this. Since I am losing my hearing I struggle with the BSL sentence structure and feel more comfortable using SSE. Another wonderful video Jessica :)
Wow, it's really interesting that BSL has a different grammar for signing. I didn't realise how different sign languages could be. Also, eyebrows on point!
Maybe Claudia should try taking a class? That way she'd be with other beginners (so it's less pressure to learn without mistakes - I know The Fear and that's a good way to get over it) and she could surprise you one day with being able to sign to you! (: \n\n(I'd also maybe like a video where you teach her a few signs, or a sentence? That would be really cool, I think.)
Super interesting as always 🌼 That's the Irish accent of a leprechaun ... begorra so it tis like ... but you did it perfectly💚 If you ever get talking to a leprechaun don't forget to catch hold of him cos you know what happens then right ... 🌈
I so greatly appreciate that you caption your videos! I am hearing, but because of EDS am slowly losing my hearing. Having captions is so, so, helpful!!!
You could make you teaching claudia sign language into a video :)
Watched this with my younger sister who’s never seen any of your videos and her first comment about five seconds into the video was how see thinks you look like one of those classic pop art girls and honestly, I kind of see it. Thanks for great video :)
I was struggling with learning how BSL structure works, but you've put it so simply - thank you!
This video explained so much! I first found your videos because (as a hearing person who doesn't know how to sign but is interested in the topic) I wanted to see how BSL was different from ASL, and I thought, Oh, here's a British YouTuber who sometimes signs—this'll show me! And I was kind of confused for a while by the syntax, sentence structure, etc., because they seemed very much like spoken English. So your explanation about the difference between BSL and SSE made a lightbulb go off above my head. Thank you for explaining the difference so clearly!\n\nI love your videos and wanted to also thank you for raising awareness for the International Week of the Deaf. I didn't even know that it was happening until I saw you mention it (almost a week ago now), but because you alerted me to it I've been telling other people about it—both on Twitter and such but also in the real world—to raise awareness. So thank you for raising awareness, which then inspires other people to raise awareness ... in a lovely ripple effect.
Dose she use BSL
Floof doin a growl
Love u.. \n😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘
If you are going to teach Claudia sign language. I think You should first figure out if she is a verbal or visual learner, or she may be both. So Than get books or videos to help teach her.
Can SSE work with ASL signs too? If anyone knows
I'm just here for Olly Murs 😂❤ #mursarmy
Love this Song and Love Olly ❤ what a fantastic song for olly to come back with after unpredictable.  Love the beat and Love Ollys Top 😍
Coely 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
Love Olly Murs 😍🙈❤️💗
I just completely hate you, just by yourself. I just hate you
Encore ce style si propre à lui ! Bien vu :D\nJe suis un jeune producteur, passez écouter mon dernier son j'ai besoin de retours ! <3
Why didn't you call me lads? Let's meet again in Barcelona :)
Barcelona!!! Thank you guys <3 Love this song
So far the worst from Kungs
Yes baby yeeees good song by french master kungs ❤️❤️👍🏻🎧
I don't like
This should had been on FIFA 18
olly is just fit altogether tbh😍he makes this video perfect❤
Olly murs is boyfriend material af... omg
Kungs and olly can do much better than this shit
Merci kungs pr ton clips il est génial
Beautiful boys, beautiful song ... 😘❤️🇫🇷
Not better than This Girl but still good!!
Me gusta !! MUSIC IS PEACE👍PEACE IN THE WORLD.
OH i remember where i saw that olly murs guys. On COPA 90!
Sounds like a song John Newman should be singing
crazy how his songs reminds you of good times <3
Kungs doing very well together with those amazing features, like always!! :D
whatching while it's under50 k..this is amazing song
HERE BEFORE A MILLION
what the fuck is this stupid ass fucking nigger noise. Kungs, you should hang yourselves. Why? Because you're a fucking black nigger that needs to die for being one.
Is the first song of the El Hormiguero a typical Spanish television programme
K U N G S ❤️
Only one day old□□
I hope this is like the first of many new Kungs songs to drop - it would be amazing if he released an album or EP before the end of the year!
LOVED IT! It's a very good song! #Venezuela
Hey Kungs !\n\nI really likes your music but I think you can stop using the same instrument in every songs.... \nTry to make something more original :), you are talented, use your talent :p
Fiquei de olho no sorvete azul do menino kkkk
Disappointed af! 😏😩😭😭😔
What God Song
Jdore
I ❤️ this great song!
This song should be so big
When u forget they were releasing a new song, cause the teaser was a million years agooo, fuck theyyyy are soo SLOW
Like si eres Mexicano
🇧🇷Adoro este canal é bom D+++++ já estou inscrito no seu canal \nOlá Amores ✨🌹✨ Se você tem uma pessoa especial que merece ser homenageada, marque nesse vídeo. Canção dedicada ao amor em plenitude.  (( O Que Fazer )) Franny 🎧 🎶\nhttps://youtu.be/UNxpEddQ244
my mums kung XD
Kungs smile💕\nSoo cute😍😍
Enfin !!!
Like si eres de Latinoamérica (México) y solo viniste a ver a Olly Murs (También me gusta Kungs).
super you man
please end me -_-
Beni yalnız bırakmayın lan 🇹🇷
Ohhhh, top💙
Buralar değerlenir #rez alalım
컹스
wow great song !!
GJ
Amazing
klappspaten
So beautiful
311k viewz 😏😏
Parfait .
Makes me feel good
Video makes me cringe every second
J'adore^^
Valentin SOCORRO
Good song :D
Maravilhoso meu amor💖💖
Tune! so good
Coely is killing it 🔥
omg, Coely it's amazing.♥
Magnificent song ❤😍😘
mama xoss gan..!! moja paise..!!
Bonito tema.
FLOP
Te amo\nkungs hacés arte\nsalu2 desde México \n#Kungs
281st...
https://youtu.be/-qPkgQbfyZ4
Los kungs son los mejores ❤️
Şarkı guzel diyen turkler +1
King KUNGS is back !
PLS LIKE☺❤
it's amaze
Br
Dj Kungs is Back!
Le plus beau et le meilleur ❤❤❤
Please subscribe my channel
😍😍😍😍
AWESOME <3
fine video
Sigue pegando :)  me encanta saludos y felicitaciones desde argentina ;)
Quien escribe las canciones??
Ily Kungs, u r amazing ❤
ok
J'adore cette chanson, merci beaucoup, tu as définitivement ta place dans le paysage musical français !
2017 anyone?
Parece que dijera Dos mas dos son tres :v
Cet musique va enflammé le monde
La musique de l'été
Kungs le meilleur dj français
J'adore déjà 😍 j'en pouvais plus d'attendre géniale un nouveau style
C'est quoi cette musique qui déchire !!!!! 🎉🎉🎉👍👍👍
Je vous parie que ce son va atteindre le MILLIARD de vues, likez si vous êtes d'accord.
Come to poland, please🙏💞😊
Peeps! If you like the flow in this, I promise you’ll love my channel! It features one of the greatest undiscovered rapper out there spitting str8 fire!… Check it out and subscribe!
Guys, carnages necklace lights up when the melody is on and young thugs is on when he raps
I hope they make a video where thugger has a liger
Does anybody see that the chains keep changing color
Who tf you know got a liger 🤔🤔
This is real music.
@2:03 Commence Fire
NUN BUT POSITIVITY , YSL STAY WINNING FF
Thug murdered this dead ass💯🔊💰🎻🔥🔥
😱😱🔥🔥🔥🔥
I'm here within days 😎😎\n#YOUNGTHUGGGGGGGGGEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRR
*Too underrated song bruh🔥🔥*
Sounds like vintage 2013-2014 Thug.
that second verse is from another planet
Here’s the lyrics to the full song https://youtu.be/ireEPjzXYqc
These dancers from the uk🇬🇧 are a danger,watch how they kill the Young Thug & Carnage: Young Martha “Liger” Track👀\n\nLink Here⬇️\nhttps://youtu.be/f_aE9_YLe30
I thought I was tripping but i see the diamonds dancing to the beat
Hey dad it's hitler we're are you
Fuck I heard a beat like this before or something really similar 🤔 anyone else know or got that feeling. Still 🔥
Who else is subscribe to perfectlaughs
On my gun if Im lying it can jam
great song but too compressed (cliping) audio
i remember when  everyone hated thugger and called him a fag. his whole career has been exceptional and this is no different
Young Thug is dope but let's take a sec and show some appreciation to my mans CARNAGE, sick beat!!!
Every release is a different Thug. You've never got the same Thug from project to project. It's evolving as an artist. Thug wants pop numbers with hood respect. Simple as that.
my nigga thug can't be stopped by no rapper he cant make bad music even if he try the shit still gonna be fire BC he is the fuckin GOAT forever fuck Lil Wayne
I'm rich so I don't got to vote. Fuck you. That line hit me so hard for some reason
Yo thugga killed it again 🙌🏻 big up!! Keep'em good music comin yei! Been waiting on this from so long! You finally delivered!! #Respek thugga The G.O.A.T 💯💯
Everyone has a tiger i went to get a LIGER 🐯 🦁
What the hell are they saying?  It doesn't make sense.  Their rap never match the title.  WTF!
this one the best one on the EP tbh
I'M RICH I DON'T GOTTA VOTE. I'm dead lol. this whole song fire. beat, thug's flow. amazing
More fire than a weed dispensary in Vancouver, Canada
Thugger back with the heat 🔥🔥
you had me worried there for a bit thugger but I knew you would come back
Thugger be on some heat
im a simple man.. i see new thugger i click video
I LOVE YOU JEFFERY, Your music I pure enchantment to the ears baby🐍🔥
my profile pic is accurate
*B R A S I L* 🇧🇷
This is (l)it !🔥🔥🔥
FA ALL YALL THAT THOUGHT TUG WAS GONE!!🔥🔥🔥
How cute they made an album together w/ matching coats lol :p
CMONNNNNNNNN THUGGAAAAA lessgo
LEGENDz
best beat ever
Быстр клип таггер)
1:35
Lol they necklace was shining
Come to Brazil
So fucking heat
Love Thugger
Young thug back 🔥
Вообще заебись!🌛🌜
🔥🔥🔥🔥👍🏾👆🏾thugger rarely disappoints 💁🏾
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T8uBWY2qMA&feature=youtu.be
At 1:08 best moment 🔥🔥
Thug da MF Goat U dig! 🕵️‍♂️
THUGGER
Rap for Down syndrome niggas
ta monstra🎶🎶
Thug young 😱💣👑🇩🇿🇨🇦
BRAZIL MOTHER FUCK BITCH CRAZY
🔥🔥 Venezuela 🇻🇪
https://www.spinrilla.com/mixtapes/yayo2dope-who-tf-is-yayo 🉐
Fucking lit!!
Subscribe To My YouTube
SliiiiiiiiiimE 🦁
Thugga is back
tun tunna tun tun tun tun!!!!!!
Brook link add me
Been waitin foe this 🔥🔥🔥
This good
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Here before going MUTHEFUCKIN VIRAL
This shit lit af
Nice
Young Thug is never gon lose!
Yo Check This Out \n\n\nhttps://youtu.be/qyVqYts4vCM
finally!!
thug back boi..!!! damn!!
Here b4 a Milli little bitty bit
Esse é o young thug que conheço coroooi
cadê os tuga?
sick beat
Hell yeah
I love it
Em fuckin church keys 🔥🔥😲
Mano, que Beat é esse pqp 🔥🔥🔥🔥
errbody got tiger so ima get liger
😈🔥🔥🔥🔥
Пиздец,сильно зашла
Perfect collaboration
Thanks for sharing Thugga!
You Know the Drill Slime-\n0. Drake\n1. Thugger\n2. Kendrick Lamar \n3. Slim Jesus\n4. Lil Wayne \n5. Famous Dex\n5. Kodak Black \n6. Nicki Minaj \n7. Lil Uzi Vert\n8. 21 Savage\n9. Cardi B
MÚSICA DE PANAMÁ EN SPOTIFY\n►Top 50 Panamá► http://spoti.fi/2pNX4e5\n►Clásicos Del Típico Panameño► http://spoti.fi/2vaiD9l\n►Trap & Reggae Panamá► http://bit.ly/TrapYReggae
ya des fucking francais qui ecoute ca
Praise the GOAT
Hey foii aqui que esqueci meu beck, nossa brisei onde achei esse beatfuck
Quem é de Angola deixa um like aqui..
You opening that card.... Oh, Carrie!! We miss you!! Xxx
Can you get it in? It's not really in is it? Looks like a turtle head - sounds like the time I lost my virginity.
i live in the us so i can’t see this production (which kills me bc i’m like in love with this cast and also you), but my fingers are crossed for a cast recording or (if the world is feeling generous) a proshot of some sort?? for now i’ll settle for binge-watching interviews and promo videos but like. you’re perfect. not even kidding.
Returning to a place you performed in the past and that you have fond memories of is quite emotional and amazing!  So happy you're having such a great time on tour :D. Plus RIP Archie... ancestor material for sure!
It wasn't until I saw Carrie in the beginning of this video that I realized just how much her hair has grown out :)\n\nUpdate: just watched the end of the video with the mouse. Carrie, you are so precious.
Saw the show last night in Bristol, you were incredible!!
I'm a homing pigeon
The show was amazing well worth waiting for
Just binge watched all the watch me wednesdays again, one of the best series on YouTube 💜
Where is Les? Fab job Scott!
Watched The Addams Family today at the Hippodrome and it was flipping brilliant! I was in awe at how amazing the whole cast was, even when there were some disturbances the cast stayed in characters. I'd love to watch it again!!
You are so amazing and an absolute credit to yourself and a fantastic actress that can do anything you put your mind to x
OMG im so lucky, i got to meet you and Oliver today. I was the girl who was really emotional and couldn't stop crying, please apologise to oliver for me. All the cast were amazing today. thank you sooo much xxxx
Why did you put the box on its lid? Did you remember to put holes in it so the mouse can breathe?
Aaw your hair has gotten so long Carrie omg!! And I was emotional during this, when you opened that card and when you were on your old dressing room. Rip Archie❤️❤️
I'm seeing you today!!!!
You'r so caring for  looking after a mouse, must people would just leave him to die & you have such an outstanding voice! Did u train at a theatre school?🎭
Carrie, could you make a video doing your favorite vocal warm ups? It'd be help a lot of singers I think, plus it'd be fun and interesting to watch, thanks :)
Anyone know if there's anywhere you can buy the soundtrack for The Addams Family? Saw the show in July and loved and would love the album.
In way too emotional about Archie
I always love the warm up and behind the stage parts! \nGreat vlog again, looking forward to the next one :) !!
I would love to see a video on your singing warm ups! I take a little children's choir and am looking for some genuine warm ups! They would love it if they were doing the same warm ups as you guys in theatre!! \nLove your videos, love seeing the behind scenes of something I've always dreamed of doing x
The length of you hair is so cute right now!!
Carrie! Your hair in the beginning was soooo cute!
Hi, Carrie Hope Fletcher. I want to see a photos of you in Mary Poppins.
I saw that Mary Poppins all those years ago! I was right up in the gods and could see the terror on the face of the flying Mary...
Tbh I'm quite impressed that it has been fourteen years and you still remember everyone's names! :D guess I just have a very short memory...
Hi Carrie! My name is Jemma and I just wanted to say how amazing you are. You are such a beautiful person and deserve so much as you are so kind and caring and just the best person. You are an amazing singer and actor and I hope you have an amazing life and career. Unfortunately I live in Australia and I won't be able to see The Addams Family live but it is my absolute dream and I hope that maybe one day I will be able to see you and Oliver perform in The Addams family as well as the rest of the cast. Once again you are beautiful and I love you so much.\n\nMuch Love,\nJemma from Australia!❤️\n(You probably won't see this but I just thought I'd say something nice anyway 😊)
Oh my goodness to have a signed photo of you as Eponine?!?! I'd probably faint or cry from happiness. Probably both. <3
I'm glad you are feeling better! Hope Archie survives! I'm gutted I couldn't see you perform in Bristol. But hopefully coming to see you perform in Wolverhampton - can't wait! Xx
Where did you get your amazing jeans???
Would be so grateful to anyone reading this if they would check my latest video, It's my first one ever which is scary. But karma will repay you good if you help a girl out :) like and sub if you would hehe ❤️❤️❤️ all you have to do is click :)))
Just got back from seeing you tonight! I love love loooooved the show❤️.  You are so amazing Carrie :)
Actually ignore the last comment cos I went to see it on Thursday and it was absolutely amazing. It's honestly one of the best nights of my life. Got to see Oliver at stage door though I'm gutted I couldn't see you. But your performance made it worth it. 💜💜💜💜
nice, you went past my house
Ah! I lived in Briz for 3 years, so cliché to say but fun to see you at the Hip and around thems local parts! If you get a chance to get up Cabot Tower in the centre, any of the Boston Tea Party coffee shops AND BAKESMITHS MY DAYS. Also the Cotham Hill (said cott-ham or coth-ham?!) charity shops are BRILLO PADS for lil' gems. If you get any down time, a poke around Clifton, cobbles, coffee shops and cute things to see comes warmly reckoed (as does the fish and chips in Clifton!) Enjoy Bristol, I hope you get some quality rest <3
I think boyonce is the perfect nickname for Scott! 😂 xx
Laughing at the crew girls checking out Oli dancing HAHA
Bristol is my country lol
Carrie, I'm thrilled your in Bristol but so heart broken because I can't see you because I'm away. Is there anyway I could deliver a letter to you? I love you so much xxxxxxxx
Coming to see you on Saturday 😊😍😘
Is Scott playing Fester permanently? Did Les leave?
Please! Could you do a tutoriel on how you do your two braids with the cute scarf in it? You look too adorable !!
RIP Archie, hey! Maybe he could have played thing!
Carrie is a woman of many hairstyles and I love it. Working the pigtails.
Awww Archie! :(\nGlad you're feeling better, Carrie! I don't remember the last time you wore jeans but those ones look amazing!!!
Love watching behind the scenes of theatre!!!! It's Totally my dream job❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
NIOOOOOO ARCHIE. YOU WERE A WONDERFUL LITTLE MOUSE WHO DID NO HARM TO NO ONE. RIP LIL ARCHIE. WE LOVE YOU😘  ok now I'm crying
When you live in Bristol... OMG 😍😫💗
how would I get my letter to you? :)
I saw you perform last night in bristol (20th) and im seeing you again tonight!!! Couldnt be more excited if i tried Xx
So sad that when I lived in Bristol, the Addams family was on in Cardiff and now I've moved there for uni its in Bristol this week :(
I lived in Bristol for 3 years when I was at uni. I loved it there. It's so quirky and like a mini London.
Wow Carrie, your hair is growing so fast!
I love that you give your coworkers free reign of the camera sometimes! It's super funny, and also fun to see you in action!
any small youtubers wanting to help each other out? ill sub back x
OH MY GOD YOU ARE IN MY HOME CITY! I'm coming to see the show on Friday and I cant wait!
Carrie your backpack is lovely!! so pretty!! xx
Your voice is stunning.  I used to live in Bristol miss it so much x
Coming to see this saturday! So excited as I saw you in les mis and also played Wednesday a few years back in our groups production! My friends went yesterday said it was amazing and took photos with you at stage door! 🎉
My mum and I went to see the matinee in Bristol yesterday! It was the first musical I'd ever been to and we thought you were all amazing :) Such a fun show!
Poor Archie. :(. So is les Dennis still ill, he wasn't well when I saw you last week in Manchester. Also I think there must have been something going around that theatre, I got ill last week too. X
Aw the card from your mom and dad<3 Dressing room nostalgia :') RIP Archie!
I noticed before you mentioned the Cat Cafe that you were going to walk passed it and you gave the exact reaction I thought you would lol, love cat cafes.
Carrie, would you ever be able to do an updated hair care routine? Your hair is looking so long and lovely
I like Oliver's haircut. If I wasn't going bald, I'd get it myself.
How did this get on trending 4 with 45k views
I'm coming to see the show on Saturday evening, so excited!
Omg I LOVE your bag! Where is it from!? X
It was great seeing the show yesterday!
Do you think you're gonna venture into the cat café at some point? Love the video! x
Omg I came to watch you when the show came to my city and now my school announced today that we are doing the Addams family as our school musical this year! I'm so happy!
We were at the Saturday show. So sad not to see you proform. You did the right thing though and we enjoyed the show all the same. Hopefully we can come see you in something else soon xxx
your hair looks so good at this length :)
When I saw 'Hippo' in the title, my brain immediately went, Hippo Campus! (the band) and thought Carrie was gonna talk about seeing them live or something... guess I've been watching too many Hippo Campus vids...
Omg he died?? That's so sad 😨😰
My home town of Bristol!!!
As a Bristolian I properly yelped in delight at seeing you in our lovely city! I hope it’s treating you all well 😊
Dat ass Ms Fletcher 👀😂 someone hasn't been slacking on their squatting 💪😜
i'm seeing addams family on 5th october!!! in belfast!! missing school and all, i'm so excited
Pause at 7:58 to see three ladies checking out Oliver!
Oliver dancing and those 3 women staring at him like wtf is honestly hilarious!
ahhh i miss england so much watching your vlogs carrie but they really help me feel closer to home! <3 i wish i could come and watch the musical but unfortunately i'm a poor british uni student living in australia! i've had one normal night on loop since i first listened to it this morning and im in awe of the notes and lyrics <3
Hearing you sing made me happy💜 glad your feeling better.xx.
as always this has made me so happy! Except, of course, for Archie. Rest In Peace!
Omg I know the chip shop you mean !! It's right by that cat cafe you walked past there, I was there a few weeks ago and admired the Sheridan Smith autographs!!
Archie! :(
Archie was so cute :'(
My city ❤️
rip archie addams x
Big up Bristol!
I live there
Carrie in jeans?
hmm
R.I.P Archie
RIP Archie we hardly knew ye
rip archie :(
**glasses nose twitch**
🖤💜🖤
7:56 the girls in the background starring at Oliver dancing are somehow so funny to me. :D Love your vlogs so much! Thank you for making them, Carrie! <3
This movie review could have been summed up in 1 Brooklyn word: fuhgeddaboudit
Also your review of Jennifer Lawrence's acting is laughable. Only haters agree with you; the overwhelming majority of reviews say otherwise. Her performance is extremely nuanced. It is often eye movements and gestures and body language and tone in a part that is by design emotionally restrained until the end. That is the point. You need to look at her eyes. Extremely expressive performance. And since we are at it, how many different facial expressions do virtually any actors make in a part? It seems that you are so pressed to criticize that you came up with nonsense. And she did not go for it? Give us a break. You guys are not that bright but you think you are. That is tedious. Wannabe hipsterism. Hipsters are threatened by talent. Well too bad.
personally i think this is a critique of the bible and so it is how it is retold that makes the point. i don't buy that there has to be an independent story for a movie to work; the extra layer  jay talks about does need to exist but not only in that way. it exists here in the framing of the retelling and how it is portrayed. i now know aronofsky has specifically stated that environmentalism inspired him initially but the final form to me takes on a criticism of anything evil about humanity and its destructive tendencies and due to that evil how he views god's ultimate motives and egoism. i have no problem with how literal it is; to me it seems necessary to hammer home that this is his opinion on how the biblical events and characters should be viewed and is actually an effective rhetorical device in that regard. while there are certainly many ways to turn your opinion on an issue to film, the literalness works as a way to dress down the point by saying, alright, i will follow this perspective on an issue exactly, now see where we have gotten? the place you wind up using this method can be a way of showing an opinion by proving an alternative one unattractive. to me, darron uses this method to amazing effect here. obviously in the wrong hands this becomes ham-fisted but to me it just works to further reinforce.
I saw this at a Regal Theater and it was basically a full house. Theb about 20 minutes in I think 90% of the audience checked out. Lots of talking and laughing and phone usage. Though there were 2 middle aged women sitting behind me that may have come to see it just to riff on it, because that's what they did almost from the start.
I enjoy psychological horror and I liked the Witch a lot but I laughed my ass off with it as well. I don't think it's about being conditionated to jump scares I avoid any of those movies like the plague I do my research before watching a horror film but some decisions made in the Witch like the father being a useless person, some stuff with black phillip, starting with the name, don't come off as creepy for everyone.I've also heard that the kids were creepy for a lot of people but I found them pretty funny as well.
D O  Y O U  G E T  I T ?
Jennifer Lawrence is the pinnacle of adequate
It's a nice christian film, Grandma
The term is doe-eyed, referring to deer. You pronounced it as doughy-eyed because you've been reading the phrase doe-eyed incorrectly for years in your head.  Hackfraud bullshit artists.  Great review though.
lol did anyone else see the trailer for this in theatres and it had one of those 2000s era dramatic male voice overs that more or less said THIS WILL MESS YOU UP
Mother nature and the virgin Mary are instances of the the same archetype.
human bad. no more human. earth good. stop human make earth bad.
Wow, I really must have been avoiding all details of Mother! before I saw it today.  I really enjoyed the film but I didn't catch the insinuation of Christianity as the allegory of all the events taking place in the film.  So, I guess I possibly enjoyed it more because it wasn't on the nose for me.
I thought it was pretty good. I like allegories, but it did have some problems with its own and I think they ended up clashing with each other a bit too much, and the Biblical stuff is a bit shaky too once it gets past the first half. It is also true that if you ignore the allegories and look at it on the surface, it kind of makes no sense. I do still think it works as a horror movie though. At least for me, the whole idea of your house slowly being overrun with unwanted rude guests who start fucking it all up brought a real sense of dread.
Posession? You mean that weird movie they sometimes put on late at night with that chick who has an affair with a tentacle monster?
This is the best movie in a long time, i dont understand the hate for it?
Glad I watched this before seeing the movie (still haven't watched it yet) I know nothing about the Bible and that stuff so would have had absolutely no idea what the movie is about and what is going on.
Search You Tube - A Night At The Opera: Crowded Cabin Scene - for a much more concise version, without the Bible stuff
i need a do ya get it soundboard rn
um I literally thought Javier Bardem could have been outacted by a gay porn star
Jennifer Lawrence is the Hillary Clinton of Hollywood celebrities.\nShe's a narcissist who is over hyped and won't go the fuck away.
Unrelated very serious question: Where the fuck is Rich Evans from?!?
Keep on ripping on the corporate BS movies redlettermedia. We love ya for it
I actually really liked this. Enjoyed it much more than that clownshoes shitstain that was It
So, the couple breaking the sink, resulting in everyone getting kicked out; was that supposed to be the Biblical flood?
Why do you guys dress like janitors
Spoilers! Jesus dies! No way!
Kudos for mentioning Possession.
Not a Danzig biopic. GET IT? Yuh, fucks!
N-NANI?!
Worst. Albert Brooks movie. Remake. Ever.
Thanks for telling me what I should be afraid of Jay
Amazing movie. Fuck every hater. Same pricks who bagged on the incredible The Fountain.
Hey now. Identity is one of my favorite, Fuck it, I'll watch it when it's on basic cable movies ever.
I saw Aronosky's The Fountain at the theater. As I was buying my ticket some woman asks me What's that movie about? and I was like BEYOTCH, I DON'T KNOW. I AIN'T SEEN IT YET! \n\nAfter it was over I still didn't know what it was about. Why was Wolverine in space? Talking to a tree. Was the tree Groot?
I actually really liked this movie
These past two half in the bags they didn't even bother to give a recommendation 😂😂
I'm starting to think these guys don't even know how to fix vcrs
OMG, 'The Possession' was sssooo f-ing pretentious. It is the stereotypical pretentious European film.
This is the first time I ever remember completely disagreeing with you guys. This movie was fantastic.
DO YOU GET IT?
Pretty surprised by Mike and Jay's vanilla reaction to this,\nI feel like film definitely has something to say beyond People are shitty to the Earth, it's a director's reflections of the violence and patriarchy inside the Bible and the culture surrounding it.\n\nIf you're looking to reduce the entire observations of this film into a neat little tagline, here you go, Monotheistic society readily worships it's holy father, a man in the stars we can't prove is there. However we neglect mother earth, our healer, nurturer and real giver of life, our home whose existence is undeniable yet we neglect her to the point of self destruction
this gay wedding storyline goes on for way too long
I know very little about the Bible so I really enjoyed this movie.
Calling the allegorical elements obvious is really overestimating the intelligence of the average movie audience.  Pretty much the entire theater I was in left confused.
Paramount pictures didn't think they could sell Mother! well. They thought they could easily sell a straightforward horror movie with Jennifer Lawrence and thought they could make Mother! look like one.
Mother is just creepy satanist shit disguised as Stylistic film, Aronofsky is a fucking HACK.
No one would go see the Shining today. What? Yes, it's Kubrick, but it's not a falsely advertised art film. It's a horror film. People will still give smart horror a chance enough for it to be profitable. The Witch for example did pretty well for its tiny miniscule budget.\
I think the movie works better if you watch it as a metaphor for the creative process, with the house as the work of art, her as the aspect of the artist in it for the art and him as the aspect of the artist in it for the adoration. The cyclic nature of the ending makes a lot more sense then. Sure there are biblical situations referenced, but ultimately they don't really say a lot.
I hated this film. Bored at start offended by the end. I'm not ashamed to say I found the baby stuff appalling and cruel. Fuck you Mother!
i cant believe they got natalie portman to play Ness in this movie. who would have thought that jennifer lawrence would be an excellent Mr. Saturn?\n\nthat part with the robots and the ghost eating Ness and his friend's was so funny! i couldn't believe that nintendo would make their most widely released and marketable series into such a hit disney classic!\n\ngo see mother! TODAY! bring the family, and ESPECIALLY fans of the game series and its 28 sequels released over 8 consoles. they will LOVE IT!
Even after all these years, Aronofsky's most notable contribution to cinema is ASS TO ASS.
For weeks I had a Mother! ad before every single YouTube video I watched. Finally finding out what it's all about. XD
i usually  agree with these guys.. idk man i really really enjoyed this film. One of my favourites of the year!
Based on young adult novel?  I'm out
Given the set up I would like to see a Michel Gondry version
So this is another flop for paramount pictures.After string of flops, taking risks like this movie wasn't safe nor wise at all
As the old saying goes, Hollywood is Jews selling Catholic theology to Protestants.
Just came from the movie and actually didn't realize it was about the bible until I looked up the IMDB trivia. I thought it was so genius and shit. Thanks for bringing me back down to Earth guys, metaphors don't make a good story. It's a cool experiment but nothing more. I fucking suck at figuring out films like this on my own but I'll just try to be more observant next time.
This comment section is a trip.
4:43 - That description is incredible. Also, Mike, no one can say What the fuck?! quite like you. You mean that sentiment so deeply. I appreciate that.
Re:View of 2003 Hulk movie please.
Anyone notice that Javier Bardem is 21 years older than JLaw?  This Hollywood trend of increasingly younger female counterparts to older male leads is getting creepy.
26:37 mike did you just say ate'n?
I loved Pi... nothing else he made I liked.
Isn't it also about how when Gifted writer uses a relationship as fuel for his writing and lets people have the same level of intimacy with him as his significant other then it destroys that relationship?  Then he can use the disaster of that relationship as fuel for more writing.
This show discriminates against people with low iq
The Romans did nothing wrong
i think it's annoying to just say the film is just a retelling of the bible. I mean it does retell that story, but in a way that allows the audience to empathise with an interesting perspective. if anything, mother is an interesting exercise in story telling.
Wheres the part where guy gets eaten by the big whale?
it´s a great great movie
Check out mother! Or don't, it doesn't 'mother'.
Requiem for a dream is contemporary reefer madness............pfffffft. These drugs will kill you. And if they're not - they will make you do ass to ass double sided dildo
I'd love to see a parody done by these guys of the rick and morty analysis and theory videos that are so obviously done by people who just want views, be hilarious.
6:30\nwtf, I love Jay more now!
Jay is so Mikeish in this video
Inspired by Kenny Wu's comment here about a hypothetical Wayans Brothers spoof called 'Motherfucker!'\n\nIt starts with them writing the scene, in what I can only imagine is basically a cinematic game of 'Cards Against Humanity.' \n\nHow should we spoof 'Mother!'? \n\n*draws three cards*\n\nInception...explosive diarrhea...and mariachi music. \n\nI think we're done here.\n\nAnd then they write a scene where Jennifer Lawrence wakes up and tells her husband about what a craaaaaazy dream she just had. Then, she wonders if her dream had some sort of secret meaning *INCEPTION MUSIC*...but then her husband tells her it was probably that all that Mexican food that she ate before bed...at which point her eyes widen, and the next shot is her on a toilet having explosive diarrhea as the soundtrack plays loud mariachi music. \n\nIt's SO BAD that it's almost definitely happening.
Identity is a good movie. You care about the competing personalities because you don't want evil to win over the prisoner's soul.\n\nAmazing how quickly people are backlashing against J-Law. 4 years ago she was the It girl. She's on track to bagging groceries by 2019.
I think my ignorance to the themes in this movie allowed me to enjoy it a lot more than these guys. I hardly know anything about the bible, I 'd heard nothing about Aronofsky's intentions here, and I honestly didn't pick up on most of those supposedly ham-fisted allegories. \nIn my eyes, it was just an exaggerated descent into the hell of loving someone who cares more about themselves than you. As that, it was a very effective movie for me.\nI like my interpretation way better than this bible crap, I gotta say.
Oh fuck yes, Possession. Please do a Re:View on it.
21:00
Babies are yummy.
7:30 metalphores? Did Rich Evans posses Jay?
Crap movie. Trite and pretentious.
Meh, I liked it.
Appreciating craftsmanship is not being elitist.
mike stoklasa confirmed lil wayne fan
loli
aH IN GLORIOUS 24FPS
mother! is great.
Well shit, just found out RLM deletes comments.
This film is not original. Aronofsky is a great filmmaker but he didn't create shit. This is an artsy quasi film adaptation of Paradise Lost. Him is God. Mother is Satan. The House is the earth. The film is the bible from Satan's perspective. Not even the billboard ads are original. They look like the ones from Rosemary's baby. Perhaps an easter egg for the real meaning behind the film.
The guy on the left is Mr plinket right
Well I liked it
Has Jennifer Lawrence, will not watch.
mother exclamation point
But below the obvious religious metaphor there is other metaphors about relationship, and human history and how we destroy ourselves. History repeats itself if we do not learn from it hence the groundhog effect. Also Jennifer Lawrence  is nit his new wife, he keeps aging when he resets, but she gets reseted with the world. It was nice to get your take because I haven't seen the mother earth aspect and I had missed some clues.
....but do we see her tits?
But it does have a story. It's the biblical one. That is a story. I don't believe in Aronofsky's view of there having been previous earths. That's more Adventure Time stuff. I do find the whole thing interesting and would love to see it. Though close my eyes when the baby stuff happens. I still think he is a brilliant film maker.
i'm having a hard time telling what redlettermedia considers a good movie. just cuz mother is a movie with a lot of symbolism and biblical references, it's bad? while mike liked movies like jurassic world, a blatant piece of shit. i usually respect redlettermedia's opinion, but i'd really like to know what they consider a good movie. cuz if jurassic world is a good movie but mother is not, then i'm not sure what exactly these guys' priorities are.
I can't believe women listen to her. There is no good way to cheat. No way
There's no PROPER way to cheat Wendy. Are you serious?? Girl bye..
13:05 well who is that pretty young thing?
Wendy's team needs to do their research.  Torrei did that interview AFTER the 1st scandal too place in July AFTER Eniko decided to open her mouth and shade Torrei.  Kevin has been talking about Torrei and shading her with his McRib.  Torrei has the right to speak and also plug whatever product she's trying to sell
His wife isn't going anywhere. She knew he was a cheater when they got together. She was his mistress when he cheated on his last wife. She came for the money, and she staying for it. It's just business.
Wow, I guess Kevin  Harts new wife know what his ex wife feels.
What's the big deal he likes prostitutes men do that or go to strip clubs with their friends don't be blind he just wanna get what his wife doesn't give to him
SILLY RETARDED CUNTS
super
OMG the audience is soooo anoying\ni cringe everytime i see wendys  body.why wendy? whyyyyyyyyy you do this to your body? . she looked good back in the day.
Keep Suzanne away from my cocaine.
Wendy actually said what I said. But it's true.
That moment you remember Wendy and Kevin Hart had starred in a film together as a married couple...it must've been awkward for her to cover this story cause they were so close :/
Hart should go to Every Man's Battle.  They can truly get him the help he needs 1-800-NewLife
Wendy bye girl your husband cheating on you too 🤣😂😂
So why get married if he needs to keep someone on the side.
USA IS A MESS
Wendy dwells on everyone elses relationships while her own younger husband has been cheating on her forever ...
Ms Wendy and Ms Suzanne should do their own show together!
I wudn't watch this garbage if my life depended on it! So cheap!
Diddy and cassie one of my favorite couples!!
Wendy william looks like spongebob squarepants in drag
all the poor dudes in the audience been dragged there by they girls 😂😂
DEAR BLACK MEN: Stop getting married (especially to black women with fake hair,nails,eye lashes, & over weight ) . When you define marriage. It literally says a legal joining of two people. Marriage was created by the government just to keep up with you. Every black man I know whose been a marriage over 5 years with a black woman is bitter.
Rapping IS NOT talent.  It's NOT singing.  It's TALKING to music.  Rapping is about an image and being able to sell it for profit.
Tksolie
Kevin is fucked...brush when u make it on Wendy bruh
If you are going to cheat do it right! What???😳There is no right in cheating!
Dear Wendy Williams the dress you have on is sharp but your body is not made for dresses now it looks to me like you've lost a little weight but those big Whitney Houston kneecaps you and Whitney Houston was not made for dresses beautiful faces, and I don't know if you know it or not but your titties are too big for the rest of your body beautiful dress though
WHAT IS UP WITH HER CHEEKS? ARE THEY IMPLANTS? SHE LOOKS SO FAKE!!!!
I've done it all wrong.  I worked hard at school so I could slave away 9-5 every week day. Have one holiday a year. I should have  became a stripper, spotted a stupid rich man and had his kid, £20,000 a month! Kerching!
I still think Wendy is a man.
She was pretty before all of those surgeries and all
Wendy who cares wtf I don't care what Kevin do cause his now wife is what causes the x wife
If Wendy Williams starts giving out free gifts to her audience... I'd suggest starting with Crest toothpaste.
The Real Husbands of Hollywood is cursed, always messing up marriages lol.
That's bcuz she can't walk in heels. She changes into flat shoes during the show
Nothing weirder then your boobs are bigger then everything in ur body!
''S.M.I.L.E''.
Wendy hates woman
Support Needed: New Web-Series: Scandalous Tales https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMrEFp6_Wqk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxDWQB9BDGw like, thumbs up, share, subscribe … THANK YOU!
Why should 2nd wife be surprised he cheated? After all he cheated on wife #1 with then future wife #2. This man has it all and he is incapable of being content and happy. Why even get married!
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
MY grandmother always told said... YOU will lose them the way you got them  soUNDS like his wife is getting her just deserts LMAO
I got rid of cable....and haven't missed even Wendy. now that I see her after a year, she looks fake. cheek bone implant? she got the money.
I tink wendy is  a man
Robyn is killing the hair game lately :D love this hairstyle on Wendy
Want to earn money using your phone click on the link below to get started\n http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=14537
Judge Judy, Judge Pirro my 2 female crushes 😊, and you Wendy!
am I the only one that noticed it appears that Wendy had some work done on her face
I wonder is Wendy is adopted, she look nothing like her parents, she is so tall.
50 cent laughs I'm dead
Wendy's figure is just 😕 and her face is 😵 plus that lil run as she entered... that was not necessary lol
She only started speaking out when his wife went on in instagram talking about his her randomly she had to set the record straight for her kids as well
What Chyna needs is a job
Wendy-you always look good-but today you look fabulous! Love the dress!
Damn she got a fucked up shape.
People are always so focused on the homewrecker, but not the person who let them in the door...
kevin hart is a disgusting pig.
Lol tia is from Wakefield Massachusetts  not California lol  hung out in revere  with us lol get ur facts right woman. She's licensed to strip in different states she doesn't go flying around lol
As a Family Counselor and Social worker of many uearss, Rob is paying way to much child support Chyna does not  need that amount. They are robbing Rob  ,he fies not have that kind of money,  he needs to go back to court with a better lawyer,  I used to work for child support  it can be lowered he needs to make his case.
her body doesn't make sense
Wendy is very petty and shallow. Her entire existence is built around criticizing and gossiping about people. Empty existence.
Wendy's outfit and hair looks like this episode is 2 years back :/
Kevin has no heart
420 isn't random at all :)
Wendy the tan looks good girlfriend!
Kevin Hart never should have gotten married.and wifey how you get thim is how you keep him ur poonahne ain't special u just the rebound chick
Agree get your check and laugh in the corner. Just stop talking about him!!!
Smh. Never thought I'd be here. A straight 26 year old male, sitting in my tub watching Wendy... and loving it😂😂  how did I get here
Mariah is one Lazy  DRUNK Biach.....
4:00 Kevin hart
WTF.  She is old but she is acting like she is a tennager.look at the mirror lady
I'm really Loving Wendy's dress!!!! I think I'm gonna head over to HSN and buy it lol
Sorry but to me Wendy looks like a man
Kevin is  such a queen  trying to  fake straight..  another Hollywood illuminati  arranged  event.. wait till  the all male sex  tape  pops out..keV you ain't foolin nobody but the fools!
All you hoes are nothing but blood suckers. Suck ever Nickel out of a man you can get to hell with you
He's not stuck
So happy to see that Wendy seems happier after this vacation! ✌️ good for you Wendy
wendy Williams husband cheated on her to so what can she say
That's a fucking man
I swear it's just a matter of time before this becomes a suicide cult.
I'm starting to think Mariah just has Vertigo, and she's doing the best she can.  ^_^;
Why is this trash in my recommended
Wendy she wasn't wrong, Kevin has used their relationship in his shows so many times! If he can do that and no ones bats an eye then she can tell her side of the story and promote her natural hair product line.
Cheaters going to get caught one way or another. The truth always comes out whether you're a celebrity or not. DON'T CHEAT!
Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,   Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.  1 CORINTHIANS 6:9-10
Karma is a bich !!!!
Smh she bogus asf
ZZZzzzzzz...........
Tokio Tony is trash
Puffy please dont get married! Marraige only leads to alimony problems.
Missy eliote killed it
Awww ... Wendy looks so beautiful..love that dress
wow
.
Fucking Horse
Wendy you gettin' yo lips done now?
That sun aging Suzanne, hot mess!
eat that pie my homeboy
Biscoff is dangerous. If you taste any of it you will have eaten the entire jar before you know it.
I’m gonna infuse chocolate chip cookies into the milk, add burnt butter and brown sugar to the custard, and make cookie dough ice cream!
I think that infuse the biscuits in the milk is a genius idea!!! Great Jemma :D
As someone who's never tried biscoff spread and who lives in a country where it cannot be found I would absolutely LOVE a biscoff recipe so that I can try it myself <3 Love your videos, Jemma!
Is that apron merch?!? Please can you release merch jemma!
Am I the only one who would freeze the left over biscuits and eat them?? Lol
Digestive biscuits 😍
Lotus speculoospasta, something typical from belguim😊! Love it. greetings from our small country belguim!
How am I supposed to dip this in my tea?
She speaks sometimes soooo fast so I think I am out of breath 😂
Biscoff a good tasty Belgian product. I eat it every morning for breakfast with bread. I eat the biscoff crunch. So njammy.
Α very good job!!!
Yummy
Yuuuum! I want some right now haha
Mmmmm delicious.. i want some :)
Yummy!
AAAH YES ICE CREAM
Cool idea
MashAllah
Surely that now just tastes of biscoff...
Hi Gemma i love your recipes
This looks so yummy!,
Hi jemma your very inspiring
Yum !!!!
1st
Hey Jemma, your comments section is being hijacked by bloody idiots advertising other X-rated channels. Never seen this before. Can you stop it! They're pathetic creatures and don't deserve to breathe.
What do you do with the leftover biscuit mush?
Bij die volgende was echt nirt goed echtvies
What ice cream maker brand and model did you use? :)
Hi Jemma, I have watched many of your videos and they are  amazing! One day i want to be like you and even better.I hope you get my message and answer it in your next video. 😍
Who knows why digestive biscuits smell so good when mixed with butter?
yummy and tasty biscuit ice cream  i want to meet with you and try all your recipes
Hi Jemma, could you teach us how to make digestive biscuits at home? I live outside the UK but I miss them so much, and so do allmy friends who have ever tasted them.
Here's something I wanted to ask for quite some time but never got around to. What happens with the leftover stuff? Like for example the soaked biscuits from the milk or the biscoff in the piping bag. Similarly you often seem to end up with a lot of leftover cupcake batter or icing and I really don't like wasting ingredients. Maybe that's a dumb question but do you make additional quantities or something like that with what's leftover or do you just throw it out?
What if you don't have an ice cream Maker, what do u do pls
I pray for myself, one day I will meet u in person! Thank you for inspiring me, as always! Love from Indonesia, Jemma! 💙
Aww Jemma! I was hoping to hear, ‘it’s a really fine... a fine mesh you’ve got me into haha’. Any other long time subscribers here? They’ll understand the reference. Love that recipe and video.
Is there anything you can do with the biscuits other than throwing them out after infusing the milk?
Everything homemade is better, plus u know whats going into it.
You don't use the speculoos pasta... I am dissapointed, that is why I clicked on the video. I still want to try the recipe though
SO need to give this a try!!! 😍
What kind of ice cream machine is that one?? I want it!!!
Biscoff alone is out of this world, so tell me how can I resist this ice cream one? 😭😍
Oooh I'm gunna make this, but with bourbon creams...
I love u Jemma and I wish I could come to your shop but I live in Manchester not London 😟 but I'll come one day for sure
Ooo good job, Jemma. You're #15 on trending in UK 🎉🎉🎉
Love you Jemma I look up to you with cooking you're amazing I just wanna meet you and eat all of your cakes!
Early!!!!\nThat looks good
Wow thanks for the ice cream inspirations!
Hey Jemma, I was wondering: If you wanted more of the biscuit milk to avoid diluting the flavor too much, could you maybe put the solids into a clean kitchen towel after the majority of the liquid has drained and squeeze more from it? Or do you think more solids may be pushed through the fibers of the towel or there probably wouldn't be enough liquid left to worry about?
Is it me or i'm learning so much vocabulary from here. Like Wacky, Ladleful, etc hahahaha
I think that infuse the biscuits in the milk is a genius idea!!! Great Jemma :D
Hey 🦄 this is Lilly \nLilly has no friends \n1 like= 1 friend \nLet's see how many friends Lilly can get
Ugh I love watching these videos 😛
If I come to UK I wish I could get the Jemma kitchen towel hanging at the back hahahaha
Please make cakes based on Indian theme,green tea & red wine please
What's the substitute for double cream? Heavy whipping cream?
What is that ring?!?  =)
So sad and angry. Wrote a message here. And now i got all those girls who wanna show there body to me. First i'm a married woman and i'm not interested in some hot Girl or man 😩😖😤 Not funny
This is so inspiring ! \nMy friend linked me this cake site yesterday and i can highly recommend it guys, you get personal videos on recipes and how to prepare cakes for partys, weddings etc, and you get also a access to communication forum there you can ask the professional patissier for help, live! Iam so exited, give it a cake guys :D ! https://tinyurl.com/y7j2rm6s
This is so inspiring ! \nMy friend linked me this cake site yesterday and i can highly recommend it guys, you get personal videos on recipes and how to prepare cakes for partys, weddings etc, and you get also a access to communication forum there you can ask the professional patissier for help, live! Iam so exited, give it a cake guys :D ! https://tinyurl.com/y7j2rm6s
I don't mind using cream in my deserts but using milk is off putting. Would this work with soy milk?
i must be noticed to subscribe
Recipes like this, makes me hate my dairy allergy. Because then I start rationalizing how much of this I could comfortably eat without needing to go to the hospital lol
Is there a recipe for biscoff? I've never heard or seen it before😐😐.
But I don't have an Ice cream machine. What do I do
U should have used a cheese cloth to get the rest of that milk out!!
Would it be a bad idea to add a little bit of vanilla extract or essence to this ice cream? Would it effect the way it hardened or the consistency or something else strange that I've not thought of?
Can we make. It without the ice-cream machine?
Ugh...$233 for that model on Amazon. I know you buy the best, but are there cheaper cuisinart ice cream makers that give you the same results?
Awww you are so sweet xx  Loved meeting you both and real talking about home births and YouTube stories :)
Lily... YOU HAVE TO STOP with the whole '...I'm not as cool them'... because you are! You are so cool and unique and so beautiful! :)
New York is my dream!!! You are so lucky!!! But Lily please don't cut pasta!!! ahahaha xoxo from Italy
OMG loved this vlog!! (You didn't seriously cut your pasta with a fork and knife?! Italian viewer here 🙋🏽lol). Apart from that, it was lovely!
Hi Lily! Love the video! It was really wonderful to meet you on that lovely De Maria evening. I was wondering if you could give me credit for the illustrations. My handle is @pauline_de_roussy_de_sales \nThank you!\nBe Well\nxo\nPauline
Oh coooool! I totally understand that you loved @madametamtam. She is definitely one of my favorite German YouTubers. Such a stunning lady!
it seems so cool to be a blogger!!
3 day trip to NY, cashmere sweaters, books, cookery classes and other expensive gifts just for a lipstick. A lipstick.  Isn't it all a bit vulgar? I understand your job is going on these trips to promote a product but it makes me think less of Bobbi Brown as a company and I wouldn't purchase their products.  \nMaybe I should direct this at Bobbi Brown and not you but incase they are reading....
Wow that clip of you in the floral blouse with the pink lips (unsure if purposely) def Lisa Eldridge vibes. Gorgeous look.
I love this! I got so excited that you guys met Geneva! All three of you are mega girl crushes ive had fr the longest time, fabulous ladies!
I love the curtains and the bed head in your hotel room: so cute and pretty.
whats the name of the song playing 4:52?
How fun! I want to go to NYC so badly. I live in the States but never have been. TFS. Those lipsticks look nice.
Omg so jealous of all the gifts and also really glad you shared them them all as I am sooo nosey!! This looked like a great trip.
This dress is amazing ,just like you.Great vibe!Love you.Kisses from Santorini ♥️
I just love your videos. The dresses you and Anna wore were just beautiful. What a wonderful trip with Bobbi Brown.
You ladies are my no.1 crush! 💄💋
Hi lily ! Btw .. The gurl ur talking about in happilyevaafter blog is Susan sarandon's daughter 🤓 \nLove blogs !!
Totally in love with this vlog, :)Xx
Not sure if u know but Eva is Susan Sarandon's daughter 😲...... I know she looked familiar😄
holy fuck jenna lyons\ntell me she was the best ever
Nice video i like its creation\nplease subscribe my channel\nhttps://youtu.be/qk-ekQuK2Gk
I've been following Geneva for YEARS! I first followed her (almost 7 years ago!?) bc it was so hard to find a HK-based blogger. I'm from HK and living in Sydney now so every time I see her Instagram/blog posts it makes me feel a bit closer to home x
Hi Lily! I'm more mature than most of your followers so I picked up on your use of homely. when you said ...homely and lovely... to describe the Crosby Street Hotel. Here in the U.S. homely means unattractive. The British definition is cozy and comfortable, like being at one's home. Isn't that wild?!
LOVED THIS VLOG SO MUCH!! Xx
Watch  my first  vides
The straight person's concept of girlcrush is confusing to me, as someone who legitimately has crushes on girls lmao
I don't usually comment on videos (or watch ads) but this was beautifully executed and you seem so happy. Such a pleasure to watch ♥️
Bobbi Brown tests on animals...so not really interesting for me :/
Oh my goodness. Jenna Lyons!!! She revitalized J Crew. I wish she was still with them.
Had my daughter's bat mitzvah at that hotel. It's a wonderful, little gem here!
ah Lily!! you always make me smile!!!
Your hair looks STUNNING in this video! Xx
Of course Anna is your girl crush, and the two of you are my girl crushes!
I've been looking forward to this vlog! Times have been hard lately for me but watching you, and Anna, and your honest and real friendship/adventures gives me so much joy. I want you to know that ❤️✌🏼
2:50  Wow, that index finger!... It's soo long!  ˆ◡ˆ
Lily - Oreos was making pop-rock oreos! You would love them if you love popping candy!
Soirée means Evening in French but we also use it to say 'evening party' like 'I'm going to a soirée tonight'
You can really tell when you do ads with brands that you work together to make it very much like your own content.. Really love it! 😊
Soooooooo nice! One more week and than I'm off to the big apple! 😚
I love those vlogs Lily x Anna & you are the ultimate babes <3
Loved,loved this vlog Lily. lovely to see someone so humble and say how lucky they are. Going to re-watch this again for all the good vibes it gives. Well done x.
Cheers Lily!  Your day in Brooklyn is my next date day with my hubbie!  You need to grab the new East River NYCferry next time you are here.  $2.75 a trip and great way to see the city.
Loooooove this vlog Lily! can't wait to check the lipsticks out!
Love the music in this one, Lily! xx
I was in Dumbo just last week by the bridge and carousel and it truly was gorgeous...and peaceful! What a dream trip and the candy floss matches your Alice + Olivia dress 💕
What a seriously enjoyable vlog to watch, such a great mix of clips and the 'AD' part was well integrated and natural. Anyone that has followed you for a while known your love for Bobbi Brown and that makes it even more genuine. Adore the Alice and Olivia dress!! x
I loved this vlog so much! NYC is my favourite, and it was so nice seeing women supporting women 🤗 looked like a super fun trip!
Well, I was girl crushing on both you and Anna the entire vlog! X
Yes Lily, it's Ganni like you said it, at least that's how we pronounce it here in Denmark. It's a Danish family-owned brand ;-)
Love watching yours and Anna's trips together! I think my fantasy New York to-do list is just yours and Anna's recs!
This is such a lovely video and inspiring in a way. The theme behind the brand is amazing and the fact that it leans towards empowering women and encouraging us to find other women to admire is a beautiful thing. I hope to hear more about the lipsticks, maybe you can do an updated video for fall lipsticks or moisturising lipsticks since going towards winter our lips get more drying, at least mine do. It becomes almost impossible for me to wear matte lipsticks, it looks like my lips are falling apart and I tried so many chapsticks, now I settled for Burt's Bees, the vanilla flavoured one and it's pretty good if anybody has dry lips.
Jane's carousel! I'm sure it's the oldest in the world or something similar! I got a tattoo of it to remind me of my fave city.
This is such a great vlog Lily, the ad content is tastefully done and I loved that dress on you!
The editing on this was so goooood! And the music choices too! 💕
Loved the vlog! X
NICE!!
That outfit is gorgeous 😍❤️
Great city
Your hair looks amazing ❤️
Awesome VLog Lily...love it!!!
Beautiful vlog :D
Awesome topic for a trip!
Loved this video!
So cool Jenna Lyons was there! I love Cat Bird, just got my wedding band from them ❤
Just a heads up about your dress! I have the same A+O dress and the fabric is gorgeous but so delicate. I unfortunately had to exchange my first dress because it started to shred around the arm hole/fray. It's beautiful  but I don't want you to have the same issue I did!
i loveeeeeee geneva, she's so talented and she lives in hong kongggg!
Wait? Did you really just cut a noodle? Anyone else do that?
I really really enjoyed watching this vlog and the music you chose. Well done!
You and Anna are my girl crush!!!  💕💕.  I just love your  vlogs you look so beautiful! 💖
What shoes did you wear with Alice and Olivia dress?
Jenna Lyons is def one of my girl crushes.
i really love the new way of editing the videos ❤️❤️ xx Keep it up loved it xx
AWW i love your looks here also, shipping the lily-anna friendship ALWAYS <3
You, Anna, and Eva are my 3 favorite bloggers/youtubers! So glad to see you combined :)
You and Anna have the cutest friendship, I need a friend like that lol
Brooklyn Bridge is the brown one, the blue metal one is the Manhattan Bridge. x
Lovely vlog Lily! :-)\nImmediately knew I had seen that Carousel before in Glee - Lols :-D Here is the clip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hb9DGhpxnN0
Definitely want to check out Lilia! Looks so good!
I'm not a lipstick girl but these sound amazing. I'd actually try them.
 You are one of my favorite bloggers and as an amateur musical theatre actress NYC is one of  my favorite cities. Thanks for sharing your time here with sweet Anna
what is the name of the first song? x
You and anna have such a beautiful friendship ❤️❤️❤️❤️ love you both!!!
You two are my girl crush! Love both of you! xox
love the women uplifting each other, girls supporting girls!!
Lily sitting down on the floor at the start of this vlog reminds me of her old videos 😊
You are amazing lily ❤️❤️❤️
Lily, love the way you do Ad's! I dont even habe the feeling you are doing any Ad's bäm in your face 😊😘
I spy Jenna Lyons! 😍
Where are the lipstick lids😮😮😮
Ahahahaha pasta baby. Bloody love Anna 😂😂
Geneva, from A Pair and A Spare was one of the first fashion blogs I read. Her DIYs are awesome and she has great style.
Oh that dress is worth the splurge <3 Loved this vlog !!
So the Brooklyn bridge is the brown one that you briefly shot on the left. The one you are in front of for most of the time is the Manhattan bridge.
That cookbook looks lush. Really loved this vlog, Lily. I love how your channel is really evolving and changing right now. X
Such a beautiful vlog! I'm really loving your content lately lily 💓
Loved this, Lily! PS All the illustrations got me wondering if you've kept up with your calligraphy...
Awwww I just love your vlogs lily ❤️😘
I don't think homely means what you think it means lol
OMGGGG I've been waiting for this video all day!! Haha I love watching your vlogs 😉
let's do some crowdfunding over the BootlegZone forums and get it!!
If the master tape is missing, and this acetate is the only copy that exists, then couldn't it be argued that the disc is the property of Calderstone/Apple? If they wanted to intercede and stop the sale, could they legally do it? And even if they did, would they be more or less likely to release it than the highest bidder?
Shame on you for selling this. Things like this belong in a museum so everyone can enjoy it not just rich people.
Please release it... don’t hold the song hostage for a sale.
Do you have I call your name if it was recorded this early?
Not a snippet! Just a teaser. Give the world this great rendition of a piece of history. I demand thee!
They should release a new collection of curios like this. There's loads of stuff. It doesn't have to be a commercial project. Just do it via the website or even a net database like Springsteen and Neil Young are doing.
Awesome !
one word: awesome-tacular!!!
Holy crap.  Grail.
amazing
Quarrymen not Quarreymen
What else is out there.
Half an hour about Zoe's outfits! Yes please! xx
Such a missed opportunity to do an impression of Kim K I lost my diamond earring in the ocean Kim there's people that are dying 😫😂
Waaah, you look amazing, Zoe!! I love the polka dot top and embroidered detail jean shorts look, in fact I love all of your choices! I have the same issue with gaping tops but my boobs don't look quite so good!! Great video lovely xx
Your hair scraped back looks stunning on you really suits you xx
OMG LOVE YOUUU
My mum went to superdrug today and bought me the big snowella body mist.  After school when she picked me up she gave to me and i was soooo happy. I love ur videos and i have been watching you for about 3 years now❤❤❤❤
I LOVE YOUR HAIR ON TUESDAY THE ZARA HEADBAND LOOKS SO GOOD XOXO
Skincare routine please?!
Do not touch the read more !!!!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYou savage!!
Guys it's nearly Zoella vlog as time !!!!🎄🎄🎄🎄
Zoe I'm just scared of little fish that look weird. 😂😂😂 Best quote of the holiday. Pmsl
I feel like this wasn't just a diary of your holiday outfits but a diary of you getting more and more tan throughout the week! Looked very lovely and I loved all of your outfits! Glad you had fun :)
Those crazy colourful sandals are from a Greek brand!  Yeah
It's quite annoying how Zoe can literally pull anything off 😍😂
I really really really don't want to sound creepy but I wish I knew what brand Zoe's bras are just because I wish I had that kind of support! I mean the bras really make her bust look good, but that's a weird compliment to make. If somebody knows, help? Sorry for the weird comment
How do you get the perfect tan on holiday! I never tan :( ?
Hi Zoe!! For my 18th birthday, me and my family are going to London for 4 days and I would really like to know some of your favorite places in there that aren't very expensive or need reservation...\nThank you so much!! :)
Love you Zoe and your videos, keep inspireing people
I like the red jumpsuit with leather sandals. Cute
Still loving the orange nailpolish-game <3
Loved this! Love the casual chattyness of it x
Zoe please do a video on how you did your slick back hair! I love it! 🙏🏻
I loved seeing this. I would so love you to do more fashion related videos Zoe. 💕
peolpe from abroad have much more fun in greece than us ...they come in our country greece and they have soooooooo much fun i wish i could travel to another country like spain or norway....
I just returned from Greece and I hoped so much you will upload it before I leave 😭
This takes me back to the 2012 Zoella 😂
Only Zoe could make an outfit diary 31 minutes long 😂😂💓
Please do a autumn/winter haul!!!!
Loving the styles ❤️❤️
I miss Zoe's discopants
Love you zoe and I am proud of you because  I didn't feel like you were stressed because  of the plane or the flight 🖒🖒🖒 and you shouldn't any way
Zoe is just so lovely, in every way!
Is she going to do vlogs
Love your style Zoe! Actually, love everything about you 😜❤️👍
I also really love all your outfits ❤️ Cute
that is perfect timing Zoe. oh how I missed your vlogs (even tho it wasnt that long lol) having a bit of stressful time atm so this is my relief, thank you x
I don't enjoy swimming in the sea either!!! And I'm going to the beach in a couple of days
the last outfit made me cry with laughter , i rate it hahahah x
I have the same metallic bag as zoe in the last outfit! Love it so useful and cute
Actually lost my breath a bit when Zoe showed the black and white long jumpsuit! Like she looked SO STUNNING! 😱
I'm in love with your first little dress and your sunglasses!
love love love how creative you are with your fashion!! love you lots zoe
How long does it take for you to pack
Where is your furrow hoodie from that you were wearing in Alfie's birthday vlog xxxx
WHERE MY GREEKS AT
I enjoyed this video so much more than I first thought😂❤️
Zoe u all ways wear sommat stylish it's amazing I 💖 when u show us where ur clothes r from then I know that Iam shopping at the right shop 💗
You look amazing in everything! But oh my that striped jumpsuit is something else😍😍
I enjoyed the whole vlog!💖 love you Zoe😻💙
I loved this! Please do this style of video talking through a week of your everyday outfits.
Those underwater clips were so cool!🐠
I got so excited when I got a notification from you! <3
I loved your outfit choices x
Where's my Pittsburgh people
Love u Zoe your blogs make me smile and they are so happy and inspiring pls reply love u 💖💖💖💖💖🙊🙊😘😘
Your skin's looking great!
i love you so so much , thank you
Your makeup is always goals😩💕👑😍
You and alfie are so cute
I'm the 728 th to coment
Please go check out my fan acc on Instagram @y.o.u.t.u.b.e.r_e.d.i.t.s
Ya pretty early love u Zoe u probably won't read this but anyway
I've been to Mykonos it's so nice❤
The pink fluffy sliders are from primark I have the same pair they are so comfy ❤️
yaaaaas girl! Love it, keep it up! <3
You could just cut off the sleeves of the red and white dot dress xx
It's been bloomin ages don't do that to me again
Yaaa
Love all your outfits 😍😍
ooooooooooooo I just love the vlogs
Really like your style
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Her Pittsburgh sweatshirt!!! 😍😍😍
Ilysm 😍❤️❤️😍❤️❤️😍❤️
Mykonos..come fly with me...moses
Hellooo from Grecce💕💕
Love you Zoe❤️❤️
FALL LOOKBOOK PLEASE
LOVED IT ♥
lyyyyyyyy xxxxx
Love you loads xxxxxx
Zoe is sooooooo beautiful
where r u?
reppin the gentle monster sunglasses <3
Zoella you are amazing xxx❤️
Love thisss! 😍😍😍
Early......kind of
Yayyy loving the vlog and all the outfits!!!!!
Zoe those Nutella b-ready are in my local shop but I only found out today 😂❤️ Love this video as well ❤️❤️❤️
*I love your vlogs so much*
Zoe! Idk if you will see this but for the red dress, maybe you can tie the sleeves around you or around your neck it would work?? You're pretty creative :) just an idea :) hopefully that makes you like it more
31 mins of Zoe? HELL YEAH! Omgosh I’ve been waitinggggg 😍
zoeeeee ur gonna have tan lines on your face from ur sunglasses lol i rarely wear sunglasses on holiday because im self concious of that. love u sooooo much and am so disappointed i couldnt go to the sugg life and pb shop xxxxx <3
19:50 your hair and sunglasses remind me soooo much of Amber Davies from Love Island! Anyone else😂
The Nutella b ready see sold back in Wales in Asda ❤
Hope you had a great holiday ❤️
Love that pink playsuit 😍
❤❤
Zoe uploads = drop everything
What country did u go to
Guys let’s keep streaming So Tamar Can win the Grammy she deserves
I love it. Do Tamar🔥
Sang Tamar! Love it!  I miss music like this!  Just plain good ole sangin!  No mumble rappers!
One thing I love about you Girl... is that you're so transparent one.. You never tried to pretend like some people out there.. you just showed and said whatever inside your heart and mind! You tried it! 😂❤️
The version she played for Wendy Williams was way better
Sing it girl🙌🏾this cover art is everything
Old School New Body - Highest Converting Written Page On CB Market http://bit.ly/2flbqN4
Kenny is the AahilaaayJacke Lottmeor, but I don't think so but it on my way home
The cover art is so dope!!
This song is down right COLD!! These vocals are RIDICULOUS!!! And that “ where you go, where you go” harmony!! My gawd!!! I have to say that she’s one of the best vocalist HANDS DOWN! But also this is an industry of politics and Tamar is too real for the games so she got shaded... ijs...
Tamar's voice gives me everything I need in life❣❣❣Wish you God and all the success Tamar❣❣❣
Sing baby girl Braxton,im so in my feelings listening to this😢
Like my comment if you feeling this song!! 😞😌It’s a #1 hit, hate to see a great talented woman like the music alone! So much more in this song that brought me to tears!! #Blind 💯❤️💔
This women gets it right all the damn time. Every note.. Jesus! 🙌 She sends chills thru my body when she signs. Only other artist to give me that feeling was Prince. She's so freaking under rated its a shame.
Tamar stop saying this is your last you got too much talent you got discovered late in life so you got another 20 years girl
she sung this song!
Never knew she was so thick
I love me some Tamar forever and always wayyyyyy before Beyoncé was even popping💕💕💕💕💕💕
Can't wait til Sept. 29th!!!!!! She is doing her thing again!
Who whistles twice like that in one song . Love you Tamar !!! This deserves a Grammy !!
I Think Tamar is going to pull a MJ and JayZ, She is a I want it all Type of person she will be back might not be right away but she Will be back!!!
Omg when you hear your new favorite song for the first time 😍 Tamar is amazing
Who else thinks Tamar is an amazing singer she’s just underrated❤️❤️
I feel that shit so deep! Tamar omg speaking to my soul
Give me an ALBUM PLEASE!
I love this song
204 lost people..
0:45 sounded so much Toni...
Sing sis!!
She did that!!. OMG love it Auntie Tayme
😢😙
❤❤❤❤❤
Slayed!!!!
Love this song!
Omg yess🙌🏼🙌🏼❣️plz don't quit music
I love Tamar
damn tamar she did that
Full body chills....her name is TAMAR BRAXTON ♥️
Wait wait ..what! come through Tamar
Tamar...you better SING!! This song💞💞💞😍💯
Yassssss
* wipes tears away with synthetic wig *
Sing Tamar yasss fkin sinnnng...Everytime I hear her sing I remember why I fk's wit Tamar!!!! #ThatPhotoTho #Yassss
this is a great song ! her voice is amazing! i really hope this isn't her last album. her vocals remind her of love and war
Damnnn this is sooo different. 🔥 Etta would be proud mannn this is raw as well.
Tamar can’t wait to see you in concert with escape
I like the song but she toned it down so much :( I was expecting them raspy airy goddess notes but this is will do I need this to be sung live
Who else heard that whistle at 4:10?
Well im a lesbian because guys are fucking horrible assholes. I didnt want to be blind sorry
She saved me from myself after listening this... 👑
I hate that this is the album!!! This music, this voice, this person is amazing and so talented and above all is REAL!!!
She sung this from her soul.
I can listen to you all day Tamar.
Don't make no sense lol I love it
I loveeeee Tamar. idc how extra she is them vocals are always on point!
This should have been her first single as opposed to My Man. Gosh she sounds so good and it’s so relatable.
This song😍\nHer voice ❤️\nMy heart 💜
And 168 people who dislike this is blind
ITS A SONG..WOULD YALL STFU ABOUT LITERALLY GOING BLIND AND JUST LISTEN TO THIS PURE TALENTED WOMAN..LOVE YOU TAMAR...A GRAMMY IS WAITING ON YOU ❤️❤️
😢😢😢😢This Song Will Have You Crying🙏😘😘😘
Get a video for this asap!
Slightly substantial image glwusx fast conservative background guilty past light telescope develop.
Damn this is all me right now!
Has she been on empire?? Can she already? Lol
I'm obsessed with this song💗💗💗💗
Tamar is the BEST singer out there now. Nobody can hit those notes with that POWER and SOUL like she does. Tamartian4Life
Nothing tops My Man !!! Im sorrryyyy <3 lol. This song is good too though!
This Album & Song Is Gon Be On The Grammy, WATCH 🙌🙌🙌🙌😜😜😜
THAT WHISTLE TONE!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm in tears right now!!!!
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
This whole album on repeat...💙💙💙
She did an amazing job. Vocals on point. Love her voice. That picture is uhmazing!!!!!
Please Please Please PURCHASE BLUE BIRD OF HAPPINESS Tamar deserves success 💯
Playing this in repeat! This song is everything!!!!!
Tamar living legend Braxton in the building!!
GRAMMY!!!!
Proud tamartian
Love ❤️
Really reminds me of Beyonce rather go blindYESSSSSS TAMAR SINGGGGGG LOVE YOUUUUU
love it
Loveeeee.
*HERE BEFORE 1M* ❤💘💘
YASSS 😢😢😢😢
Yaaaaaaasssssss!!
she did that
⭐️⭐️⭐️🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
YOU BETTER SING YES TAMAR
living legend
Love this song
FINALLY ITS OUT
WOW loving her vocals
Tamar 😇😇😇Love
Yessssss!!!!! Sang Tamar. 🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️❤️
Grammy worthy.....u betta sang Tay Tay!
Uh uh. I'm not feeling this song. It's kinda stale. Yo' voice is way too whiny and unpleasant on this song, Tamar. This is a pass. _YouKnow IGotSoul_ brought me here.
So this like Simple Things but better.
horriable some of your other songs are ok but this shit sucks balls.
I like the vocals but not the words. I'm not going blind for no one.
She simply does not get enough credit!😩❤️❤️
😍😍😍😍🙌🙌🙌🙌💖💖💖🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦
Sorry if this is mean but I always mistaken you and Sierra Furtado
Loveeee this and you!! ❤️❤️❤️
You are so genuine and kind!!! I love you and Gabe, you both are an inspiration!!\nI would love to see a video about your faith and what you think. Love you so much ❤️❤️❤️
What kind of ukulele do you have? A tenor? and where did you bought?
public death snap rawmrcd sign breakfast fast hug.
What color is your nail polish? Love it!
you inspire me so much, don't ever let anyone dull your sparkle because you illuminate the world in words no one can explain 💛
Could you please do a video about faith/ bible study? 💘💘💘
Jess deserves everything. I love her with my whole heart ❤️
Try rose 🌹 water 💦 if your skin is sensitive. It's hydrating and moisturising.
You are sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo gorgeous with or without makeup
You should do singing my makeup routine challenge!
Thank you for the review on the Garnier water......bought it the day after this video and wow it's amazing and also my skin has cleared up.
Please do a video abt what hair products you use for your wavy hair!!!!!!!!!!!
Please do a lash extensions video! Like the care, thickness of lashes, etc
Love you Jess! we are new in Youtube please suscribe to my channel ✨
a morning or night routine please!:)
Morning routine
Yay! Love you Jess!😘💕
How often do you use the moisturizer?
Would love to see more videos from you on girly stuff like these. <3
Can you pleeeaaasee do videos more often :(
Quickly went to the drug store and bought that micellar water just because you recommend it Jess. Love you ❤
Please do an updated how i edit my instagram photos!\nPlease like so Jess will see ❤️
U don’t need makeup
i really wanna see a hair style video!!!!
I'm a teen mom and just started my channel if anyone wants to come support super nervous to get judged 🙃😂💕
your always so beautiful! I cant remember where but i think you said something about missing your long hair ( i love your hair bother short and long ) I've been browsing Pinterest for all natural hair growth tips.. you thing you could do a video on one of those in a few months? ~Kaylie
I'm a new viewer to your channel and its only been a few weeks since I started watching your videos and I love you and also your husband already! You both are truly an inspiration! 😍😄🤗 I think you should do a get ready with me video 😊👍🏼
Went out today and got Micellar water 😂
Please do makeup tutorial videos, we want to see you do your makeup :)
You should do a hair to tutorial❤️
I thought you used the vanity planet brush?? I bought it because you said you loved it on your Instagram story..
You are so beautiful with and without makeup!!! I love ya Jess!! Could you possibly add a faith routine or faith based video to your to do list😜 much love to you my sister, God Bless
Jess is soo kind and gorgeous. It's really rare and hard to find someone who hasn't just a pretty face but also a pretty character and soul. Lots of love ❤🦋
The thing in the back says our house runs on coffee, target & Amazon prime that is so Jess and Gabe
A morning or night routine with gabe plz 💕
Can you do a video about how you edit your recent pics?
please make a vdo about your planner and how you set up your planner \nps. love u from Thailand
Love the background i think it says : our house runs on coffee, target & something prime x 😂❤️
She is just Gorgeous ❤
Your skin is flawless, I just can't 😍
Jess we have the same shirt! Is it the cropped bubble sleeve top from Urban? If it is, i have the same one, super awesome!
Biggest skincare tip (if you could call it that) I ever received: drink LOTS of water. I don't one exactly what drinking lots of water does, I'm not a dermatologist, but ever since I upped my water intake, I've noticed my skin was clearing up (I have oily-normal skin).\nSo yeah; lots of water.
Any video you make i like to watch, but maybe fall videos??😊💕
Can I be on your snapchat please❤️
I bought yesterday the garnier skinactive micellaire water! I was searching for a new one.
Are you related to Antonio Conte
Can I please be on your snap chat you are beautiful 💞btw
Hey Jess, I'm very interested to know your stance on Marriage Equality in terms of the plebiscite happening in Australia right now!
I had a woolies ad before this video. YAS
I'm so glad it's not just my skin (mine is also quite sensitive) that goes red when I rub anything on it.
I love you 💖 please visit Philippines soon 😭
next about lashes extentions recomendation and how to care it???  😍 😍 btw love you jess.. 😘
I LOVVVVEEEEE Kate Somerville, I recommend to everyone that comes in and it's personally my favorite brand 💕
How do you take care of your eyelash extensions? Please help me 😩💖
Make a video of your go to hairstyles!! love you!!
How are you so flawless ? 💕
Plz do a married couple morning routine
So beautiful with and without makeup! Jess I used to love the Garnier micellar water but I tried Bioderma and can't use anything else! Get it from Beautylish. Garnier is still probably my next favorite and they're similar in price! love you Jess xoxo
Can you please do a faith video??!!
do a house tour!!❤️❤️❤️
I’ll love to see and updated version of how you edit your Instagram pictures 😻 .. and your so beautiful your such an inspiration 💞
I mean I understand she likes wearing makeup and I'm not saying she shouldn't, but I actually think she looks better without it.
please please do a clothing haul
If anybody is looking for an organic, cruelty free, and totally AMAZING moisturizer for a decent price, definitely check out Green Screen by FARMACY. You can get it at Sephora! It has SPF 30 and it makes my skin feel so nice and I have sensitive skin too! :)
can you do 'married vs dating' with lauren and alex please !!!
I use garnier micelar water too but it doesn't take off my mascara and that's very annoying cause I have to be using two different products
you are so beautiful, inside and out! Never forget that❤
Please do about your faith Jess!! 💛
Hey Jess! Do you wear daily sunscreen? If so, what kind do you use? I want to start wearing sunscreen everyday but I have very sensitive skin and it often makes me break out. Love the video!
please become a daily vlogger with Gabe
U should look up Lemongrass Spa products! They're all natural and super good for your skin! I looove them❤️and no I'm not a seller of the product, js😉look them up!
Do a what I eat in a day video 😁
i love jess so much she is so pretty
I would totally recommend getting the micellar water with the green cap as that's for combination and sensitive skin xx
We liked you to a video about youre faith
Jess posting a new video makes me sooo happy!🤗 ur so beautiful. Keep it up!💕
Do you know what your “tour make up look” will be?? I think it will be really fun to see a video on that :p
I think she looks like Jennifer Lawrence, is it just me??
Stunning 💖✨
Hair tutorial please 💗
Video about faith ❤️❤️
I love you❤
Do another cover❤
full house tour please!!!
You are hotness
Hairroutine😍
A HOUSE TOUR PLEASEEEEE
New youtuber here subscribe me please👋🏻👋🏻
Pls do a night routine! X
The bible quote came just in time...actually a girl I know got into a car accident and there is nothing to do bcz there is no oxygen in her brain anymore. I was so upset about it and of course started praying for her. All of her friends and even where I live are praying for her. Today there is a chance for a miracle to happen bcz of all those who are praying and confessing their sins which Mary told her family to do so that her condition improves. Now I am full of faith and hope and happiness bcz I know the Lord hears us even if we don't hear His response directly❤
Can you make a video talking about your Christianity? Love you❤️
prank gabe that u lost milo
please try the Spicy noodle challenge, whisper challenge and boon beazle challenge
more makeup routines please xx
HER EYES OMG
OMG! My mom sells rodan+fields!
I could watch skincare videos alllll day
GRWM DATE NIGHT WITH GABE
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
￼\n\nToo Good At Goodbyes\n\nSam Smith\n\nBuy for 1,29 €\n\nSUBSCRIBE\n\nSubscribe to Google Play Music and listen to this song and millions of other songs. First month free.\n\nLyrics\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
nice one.\nis that one of the king the king band yea?
please do a divide (ed sheeran's new album) mashup!! 😊😊💖💙
If Grimmie the one who is singing...\n(Team Grimmie Rawks.)\nMiss her voice...
This cover made me cry,it's beautiful
Absolutely amazing guys. I love listening to your covers.
DMF! So happy and surprised to see him in this!
I always love ur covers can u make a cover of airplanes in the nightsky  without the rap version
Once again, Theres Kurt playing 2 pianos (keyboard too) And yet here I am I can't get one key to sound like harmony...
Please Do an Avicii or a Calvin Harris mashup next!!!
Always good covers with KHS and makes me aware of performers I haven't heard of previously to check out.
Alicaaa you're back on Kurt's channel!!
This is sooo good! I can't stop listening to it!
SOOO much better than the original!
This is the best cover that i have ever heir !
I usually don't like this song, but YOU MADE ME LOVE IT.
Это чертовски офигенно
music is too loud where we cant hear the voice al the time....
Never heard this song before.. But great job on the song and video.. That drummer tho.. :) so much passion in his playing!! :) <3 Would LOVE to hear DMF sing on the next video of a KHS production maybe? :)
I love this singer❤
I love this so much then the original I have chills
i think this song sounds better with just a piano.It's supposed to be sad and raw
I was waiting for this cover Kurt I really like this song. I love what you do because your covers are never like others' I don't mean that the other ones are bad but you make something different for each songs that's why I love you \nxx
i wish i was half as talented as kurt
좋댜
They need to wear shoes n not socks... Lol sorry
Kurt, do a feature with William Singe. I have been waiting forever for that
Fell in love with this song already Thanks for the cover😭.
Sing  the cover of Zayn - Dusk Till Dawn
AWESOME!!!! as always. What's with the secret word thing though? btw, is that the kitchen in the background?
Hey guys I did a cover of this song too do check it out on my channel if you can
The guy on the drum and shake is totally try harding :P
Lyrics\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Great Cover! If someone reads this comment, it will make my day. I'm an aspiring musician 17 and new to YouTube and I promise that I have what it takes. Come watch my newest cover - this song! - and support me in achieving my dream 😊
Love this song. Love you guys!
Would have been better if they recorded it in a KITCHEN....\n\n\n\nI hate myself.
Learning this on bass ☺😊💞 sound so good ☺this reminds me of my best friends who i dont talk to anymore becaude of some reasons . He has lied to me ,broke my heart and broke me .
This sounds so good. Every time before the original version I hear the Kurt version 😃👌🏻👍🏻
Fantastic!!
I want to say... Kurt you are one gifted man!  :)  You are so lucky to surround yourself with such great talented people.  All the best, I love what you do.
You must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
She is so pretty😍😍😍😍
I'm crazy about your voice 😍💗
Beautiful as always 💓
been waiting for this... and aaaahhhhh... it's sooo worth it... <3
I'll be honest, I fangirled a little when I saw DMF
Her voice! One second in, I hit like button. 😍
Please do a cover of 'Too Much To Ask' by Niall ....
That white piano is so classy. Helps that Kurt is playing it too. 😍
Damn girl your voice is amazing
Please cover Hard to love by Calvin Harris!!
Omg this so good please come check out my cover ! You won't regret it!
Hi sorry for the self promo but I’m a 14 year old and I just uploaded a cover of this amazing song. I’d be so grateful if anyone would check it out:)
Clickbait...she looked like Peyton List😂
The best! xxxx
Awesome!!!
I'll b right back need to get some food from my kitchen
THIS! IS! SO! AWESOME!!!!
Love this! And loved seeing Kurt playing the piano while wearing socks ; )
Omgg😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️
Holllyyyy crepe! I followed my heart, thought it would lead to the kitchen, but here I am. My spatula nearly flipped when it saw this video! XDXD
カッコイイ演奏！ボーカルだけ女の子だっ、撮影用プロジェクターで反射するせっかくの金髪が綺麗なだけど、なんか時々ふわふわ演奏にチラつく､彼女の髪の毛結ぶか又は非常にカットしたいです。（笑   (日本語のまま失礼しました。)
THIS IS PURE TALENT MY EARS R BLEEDING OF HAPPINESS ,JUST HOW AMAZING HER VOICE,U GUYS   AND ALL THE EFFORT U GUYS PUT IN THIS IS PURE TALENT
HOW IS KURT PLAYING A KEYBOARD AND A PIANO AT THE SAME TIME, MUSIC MAGIC!
loved this version. all of them are truly so talented!!
Omg this is so good
Nancy Mulligan cover by Ed Sheeran \nPlease
This guy deserves 10.m subscribers.
Wow, that was awesome! Easily the best cover of this I seen so far, great job guys! I just did my own version of this song on my channel, would be amazing if anyone felt like having a listen :)
As much as I love your collaboration covers, it would be amazing to see another cover of yours where it’s just you on the piano singing with your amazing socks (like you did with can’t help falling in love).
well done
kitchen 💖
please cover dusk till dawn by zayn malik
;)
Kurt wearing those sexy socks.
💓💓💓
She sounds like rihanna
'kitchen'
nice
Awesome!
Wowww, amazing!!💗💗
Muito bom!!! Adoro a diversidade dos sons do Kurt
*PQP, VCS SÃO FODAS!*
Yas Licia 😍🔥 yassss David 🥁\n\nAWESOME cover 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
❤😍❤\nvery niiiiiice 💯
Idk how you guys sound sooooo perfect....In love with goodbyesz ♡
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🎤🎤🎤🎤
❤️😍❤️😍❤️😍❤️
Please, cover Akad :)
Wow so qt voic I lop it
I got Goosebumps 😲
Do Symphony
Amazing voice!
❤❤❤❤
Si j'pouvais aimer la vidéo 100x, j'le ferais!!!❤️
Où sont les québecois qui la suivent depuis qu'elle est passée à lavoix? :)\nGros love du Qc !
Please make a cover of 'Dusk till Dawn' by Zayn Malik and Sia!!!
Honestly this is one khs cover I didn't like - I felt the vocalists voice didn't suit this song
Goodbye 😄
This one's a ghost story AND a bad date story in one!\nHEY GUYS I'M CURRENTLY ON BOOK TOUR & IT'S ALMOST SOLD OUT COMPLETELY so if you wanna come, make sure to grab a ticket ASAP! A couple stops you have to get a wristband day of, so check the site for deets!! IN OTHER NEWS, the first week of sales is CRAZY IMPORTANT for the NY Times Bestseller list, and you guys know that's my ddreeeaaammmm, so if any books sold by saturday counts towards it <33 ILY SO MUCH, TY FOR SUPPORTING ALL MY WILDEST DREAMS!! See ya tonight, Dallas! See ya tomorrow, Tampa!
I'm sorry about talking to you on musically  if you got it I just wanted to say thanks for helping me out this years
Gabbie can you please do scary stories with your sisters 😀😄😄
whoever thinks this is fake this is way too detailed to be fake shit scared me
Why is her makeup so beautiful?! 😍😍😍😍
You will soon be a celebrity
Gabbie I would get a ticket but I can’t buy one on my own and idk if ur even coming to certain states I wish I could go hell with f I even found u in real life I would cry from happiness and then I would wanna be friends In real life also I love you and you need Jesus I wish you could come to Colorado so I could meet you and that would be the best present ever also I love you and you should totally make me show stopper of the week I was liking your twitter like crazy and I was sad I didn’t win so every time you tweet something I always like and retweet it
I've experienced sleep paralysis my whole life. I'm awake and completely coherent but I can't move my body or breathe. I literally lay there paralyzed and fully aware that I'm suffocating. It mostly only happens if I fall asleep on my back, so I always try to sleep on my side.. I have to forcefully jolt my body forward to break the paralysis so I can gasp for breath.
Quick question if I used out loud as my new YouTube into will I get sued or is it one that is allowed
So I work at an assisted living facility, which has some creepy shit happening all the time! We put on an event a couple days ago, which was pirate themed, and we got to take some decorations home. After this story time, I come back inside from my porch and sit on my couch. I look over and see this plastic skull from work that I took home, and it scared the shit out of me! 💀
i love you gabby but the outloud acoustic did not fit this story at all LMFAO it distracted me too but hey ilyyyyy
You're so close to 5 mil
Did they buy out ;-;
You look gorgeous and also that's fucking insane but I totally believe you
I just came back to this Chanel after a while and I just want to give Gabbie all my love I can just see it in her face that she has changed so much from the last time I watched. Can I just say that she is going places and I’m excited to say that I watched he back when she was on YouTube, who’s with me?
Do miss story times!! They're my fav!
If Joey was straight Joey and gabbie would be perfect
THIS VIDEO GAVE ME SO MANY CHILLS
Not meaning to like hate or whatever but scary story and happy music 🤔👍🏼
First off, Gabbie looks AMAZING in this video.\n\nSecond, did anyone else keep waiting for that giant teddy bear in the background to come to life at any given moment during this video or was that just me? 😂😂😂
Well fuck I have school tomorrow
Who else heard out loud playing in the background?
Nice backround music if you know what i mean😁 you could day i was singing OUT LOUD 😋😋😋😋ILU
Is it creepy that I had a dream the my great grandfather died and when I woke my mum took me to my nan and pops place and they told me that he died. It scared me that I knew that. That night when I went to sleep I had another dream that my cousin fell and broke her leg.. I woke up and everything was normal and my cousin was climbing a tree and... She broke her leg... I haven't seen anything again after that
You're beautiful! I'm so proud of you and you look so amazing and I love you keep doing you boo boo cause it's workin wonders for the people around you. Oh and if I forgot to say YOU LOOK AMAZING 27/10🔥🔥❤️❤️
I know how gabble feels (kind of) in 2012 I was 8 and my grandpa passed away and about 2 weeks later I had a dream with him in it talking to my family saying it was a joke and he was fine but when I woke up he wasn't there. But my dream was better then gabbies
Omg gabby u r always so pretty but your hair and makeup is POPPIN today!!
Omg something Ike that happened to me, but it wasn't paralysis. In 5th grade, one of my closest friends from Japan killed herself. She did so because of the sexual harassment from intermediate school kids. Soon it became harder and harder for her, but she never told any of us, until one person spoke up about it. But then it was too late. She was sexually assaulted and then she couldn't take anymore. And now, set present date, years later, about last year something happened. I was hanging out with my friends and one girl introduced herself and became part of the group. She had brown hair and green eyes, with olive skin. She was pretty you could say, but really, really mean. About a week after she became a part of our friend group, I had the dream. For some weird reason, I was also at a wedding, but it wasn't the day before, it was the day of the wedding. I looked down at my dress ant it a flatly curled dress, with small padded shoulders, it was ugly in my opinion. But something that set me off was that my hair a blonde, and I have brown hair. I ignored it and went on with the dream. The guy I was marrying sort of looked like Alfie I guess, I can't remember well. The wedding took place a platform, there were pink and white petals everywhere and the platform was right about the ocean. It was connected to a big fancy plaza and I thought it was pretty cool. Suddenly, from the distance, somebody pointed out a tsunami from afar, coming towards us. Everybody freaked out, but for some reason, nobody went into the plaza to get help or something. But suddenly, the tsunami hit, even thought it was miles away. It only lasted for a couple second and by the end, I was completely dry, so was everybody else. I went into the plaza to see if anyone recalled what just happened. But then I saw her. My friend from Japan. Standing in a pink and green dress and smiling at me. But when I looked at her, my vision turned a deep shade of purple, everything was purple, but she was yellow. And she grabbed my shoulders, her eyes were completely white, and she told me that Mkayla (name of the mean girl) was going to conflict something one day. Her eyes started spinning, and she got closer and closer, but then I woke up. As soon as I did, I texted my best friend. She said she had the same dream (she was also friends with the her during 5th grade), except her vision was green, while the girl was red
i think this my favorite video ever. i don’t know why. i feel like this connects to me but i don’t even know how. also, gabbie ur so pretty!!
MAKE MORE STORY TIME
THAT HAPIND TO ME BEFORE but my eyes were open
I'm watching this at night and now I'm ganna get creeped out
Your back with the story times!!! 😁😁😁💕💕💕💕
You look so good in this video
I was watching this and my friend asked me who's the ugly girl with the big nose... I punched her and told her to shut up, she's beautiful....😒🙄😂
Great god.. I'm watching this at 3am
GABBIEEEEEEEEEEEE YOU LOOK SO GOOD JESUS I SKIPPED A HEART BEAT
Maybe this video wasn't a good idea. Now guys will be too scared to date you since now they know they'll have to impress your dead ancestors. 😂👻😉\n\nGreat vid btw 💛
I feel like gabble should do a video where it's just a time lapse of her sleeping then when she wakes up she says her dream
OMG SO SCARY BUT LOVE IT
I was crying .. as usual.  lmaoooooo me
I needed to go to the bathroom before watching this. Now I'm scared to leave my room or turn away from my computer XDDD
Ooh you should totally reach out to the Psychic Twins! Maybe they can channel her and answer more of your questions! Just a suggestion, love you!
I dont have any grandparents and im 14..
May I just say you whole outfit is so adorable. The bun, the choker, the shirt, the pants, everything just look so nice together
Everything she said about not being romantic is true. except for Zane ;) Still ship it.
I LOVE your song gabbie!!! I have it on spotify!!!
It's weird I just checked out the REAL TIME VLOG video and saw that you made it on the 20th as well as this video. Apr 20 Sept 20 \n:-0
I wish I had ur cute lil waist and have you bomb a** hips and your hair and eyes and I wish I could be you I think your perfect even if nobody else thinks you are, I do
I'm so happy!! I'm getting your book
I LOVE you're background music💙💞
Dang I really thought her and Zayne would be cute together
I feel bad but WTF B**TH
OMG this made me some type of way, I got shivers.
Hasn't she told this story in a different video?
Ooo out loud in the background I'm living !!
Who else thought that when she talked about her friend leaving her fiancé at the alter in the dream was Rachel Green?!!
compared to ur life mines is boring
This has happened to me before, not exactly this story, though. Obviously.\nSo when I was about 5 I had a dream that me and my family were running from Im guessing lava. If none of you know, this is an actual Mario level on the Wii. Right before I died I knew I was trying to wake myself up because I felt myself opening and closing my eyes but when I opened my eyes all I saw was pitch black..I didnt see my room, just black emptiness. But when I closed my eyes, I was back in that horrible dream. I finally was able to wake myself up but when I did, I was not in my bed, I was either standing upright or on the floor (cant quite remember which) but I was SO scared at that point.
It's not like he's a ghost now \nMe: BUT YOU'RE JUST A GHOST NOWWW
gabbie as i was focasing on you the outside of my eyes start to get black.As i blinked it all went away.But trust me ive had so many ghost experiences with dead aunt loving shawna
Do a reaction on Out loud remake videos\nLike check mine outtttttt
I used to go through sleep paralysis a lot and it's exactly how you described as an out of body experience where u can see yourself sleeping and usually something scary is hanging over you
Idk why this is so funny
I honestly think it goes both ways the woman marries into his family and he marries into yours
we saw you with shane and you two snogged so TECHNICALLY we have seen you with some one you've been romantically involved with (even if it was only for like one video and it was real sad)
Honestly just watching this video again bc she looks beautiful😍😍 and i love her ghost stories😂
This is a sign of Narcolepsy. Sleep paralysis and lucid dreaming. Definitely need to see a doctor
you need to break up will he
Gabbie would go cute with one of the Dolan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19GNGpUMV2Y check out my friends first travel video EVER!
I ORDERED GABBIES BOOK IN WHITE FROM BARNES AND NOBLES IT SHOULD BE HERE ON THE 28TH IM SO EXCIDED
*Gonna put a little story/example of Gabbie's quote right here.*\n\nSo I've got a Jehovah Witness aunt & cousin that I'm living with during the week because I've got evening classes at my local college, and it'd be too inconvenient for me to head home after them. So I stay with her for the week and then go home over the weekend.\nSince she's a Jehovah's Witness, she goes to meetings every Sunday and Wednesday evening. Wednesday rolled around and she went to her meeting right after work instead of coming home and going to the meeting after. Before she left for work, she goes, Meeting is at 6 o'clock. Prepare yourself. I used to be an avid church-goer when I was a kid (cause I was basically forced to), but now that I'm 21 & old enough to think for myself, I'm not so much of a church-goer anymore. So naturally, I didn't go. Usually I would, because I know she gets pissy, but after seeing this video yesterday I said to myself, If it makes you miserable, why put yourself through it? You don't want to go.\nShe came home and 1st thing she says as she enters the door:\nHer:<Insert my name>, why didn't you come to the meeting?\nMe: Because I didn't want to.\nHer: Well you cannot live here if you don't want to. This is our lifestyle, it's how we live, you cannot be here if you don't want to follow our lifestyle. If something happens to you, I'm to blame. You cannot stay here if you don't come to the meetings.\nAnd she went into her room.\n\nIt wasn't a *HUGE* mistake like in Gabbie's video, but it made me realise how much I was putting my happiness/comfort-ability on a back burner for other people. So Gabbie, thank you. <3 <3\n*_You can't make the biggest mistake of your life just because you don't wanna piss people off._*
Is anyone else distracted by that white speck on her shirt. 0.o
OH MY GOD SHES SO PRETTY IN THIS VID SHE IS SUCH A GODDESS 😘😘
Yess this was posted on my birthday
I bought your book today! So excited to read it the illistrations look fantastic! Much love, Gabbie ❤️😀
I don’t believe in ghost or demons...Anyone else? \nBtw Gabbie looks AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL her makeup, Her outfit,Her hair SO BEAUTIFUL
When are you going to post the video where your friends reacted to your song before they knew it was you singing??
Same i dont really want guys to spend money on me like I'm fine if we go to sonic or McDonald's 😂
I love your hair so much, and you look SO pretty, girl you are my queen I love you so much. I hope you notice this and you are so gorgeous!!!!!! Slay boo!!!!
holy fuck!!!!   actually so scared now!! bahaha .    luv u gabby x
CRAZY!!!!!😁😁😁
I likr that music
wow thats so crazy
This is trippy....
you're the realist gabbie 👐🏽
Your sister sucks
Got your book
Lol you were shook
Her hair❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🦄🦄
I supscribe!!!
GURLL U IS LOOKING BEAUTIFUL!!
wow
Wow i have chills everywhere
The background music 👏🏼👌🏽
SHES SOO PRETTY
Gabbie looks so gorgeous ❤😍
IT WAS BEEBO!!!!!!
gab you look so good!!💛😇
probably the 1st music video people use Newcastle to advertise there video
tbh I just found out he’s gay lol
why is he looks like a q tips from the thumbnail
Its amazing that he can create a song so meaningfull and everyone hears something different in it, everyone hears their own story. 💔💔
11k people disliked this?! I wonder what it's like to not enjoy amazing music?🤷‍♂️
who is the partner of the boxer?
Oh how i love this song ❤️
11,000 people couldn't see thelike button through there tears
That's true i love his songs
Love seeing my hometown is this, anyone else recognise Tynemouth?? :D Awesome tune Sam!
2:18 . same road with back to you bebe rexa video clip
He's lost so much weight omg
he looks a lot like Jude Law
He looks so good.\nHe sounds so good.\nI'm so happy.
i hate this song everytime i want top play other song this song always came out
he's very good 😍
Sam , u bottom or top ?
I love the Song I love him but no offense he has lost a lot of weight and I miss the old him I want him back but if he's happy I'm happy
Just posted a lyric video of this!!\nplease check it out and give it a like :) \nI’ll be subbing to everyone who subs to me, just reply when you do so I know 😜
i broke the reply button. love this song
Crazy! Is that really him??? So thin and different! Or only me the only one just know this? OMG!
Why are they gay
He looks like a completely different person woah
well as you describe it i am too good at goodbyes as well :/ shit im cold
You must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Sam Smith's music gives me so much nostalgic feels, I now realize that his music is a big part of my life, I'm so glad he's back, haven't had a song made feel this way in a while, I'm fucking crying.
is  he a gay? i'm just curious
smith thanks for the good music every single time
What a beautiful song! He has a knack for classics I see!
Yasssssdd Lost so much weight!! give me some tips SAM💋❣️
This is really for me the perfect song... Thanks Sammy
Miss the old sam smith but still loved his voice,music and lyrics was so damn deep and true
i dont know he is gay
Oh my God. I love him so much. I'm crying
\n\n\n\n1.Subscribe if you liked the song \n2. Like if you love sam amity himself\n3.comment if you're gay \n
Did I miss something bc I don't know what's up with his hair. I'm confused honestly.
Lowkwy brought a tear to my eye.....he kills it's everytime omg
Is everyone gonna act like this nigga ain't   lost Hella weight
Those guys are so hot 😍
With his hair like this he looks a cross between Jude Law and Noel Gallagher
He did it again
In love with this Song 😍
Cause every time you hurt me the less that I cry
This right here is why Sam Smith will forever be my favorite artist! He makes you feel what he feels through his music and his songs hit so deep! ❤
I'm not crying you're the one crying
This song deserves more views than despacito
I´m never be good at goodbyes.
You must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\n[Refrain]\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nAnd every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\n[Chorus]\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n[Verse 2]\nI know you're thinkin' I'm heartless\nI know you're thinkin' I'm cold\nI'm just protectin' my innocence\nI'm just protectin' my soul\n\n[Refrain]\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nAnd every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\n[Chorus]\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n[Bridge]\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nAhhh~\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n[Outro]\nAnd every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
his face almost same as twentyone pilot
https://www.facebook.com/1953376224944334/photos/a.1954685294813427.1073741830.1953376224944334/1954685431480080/?type=3 Sam smith fans please like this for our school activity :D
I LOVE you Sam Smith #Brazil
He must be sniffin a fuck load of blow
oh my god whattttt he changed so much
help me understand the whole story ! HAHAHA
OMG I love him,his voice keeps giving me chills
I'm itching for an acoustic version of this song.
My situation right now.. Crazy. This song says it all.
Good song. On a side note.. looks like some got on the celeb diet. ⛷❄️☃️
C e p o d e m a d e r a
I'm crying. Makes me sad 😭😭
Sadly I not too good at goodbyes 😞
He's way much better than Ed Sheeran! why is Sam is not as equally as popular as him?! it's maddening!
You are the Best!! Sam Smith I'm your fan
He is so talented. Every song is just so beautiful.
Just him singing notes in the beginning got me hooked
I'm S A D
Instagram followers : please come back\nMe: Am too good at goodbye
At first I didn't like this song, but now I can't stop listening to it.
Wow! 😱Got me right in the heart!
I don't wanna say goodbye
A trully masterpiece...the only thing that absented was a MALE GAY KISS !!! Why you didn't show us!!!!
❤❤
owsam
Hey bitchies.  Less weight, same great voice.  💪
G.A.Y
Tear dry😂😂
OMG thi ssong is so good love it !!!
Fuckkk homooo speciess
Yaaas
Slim
Sam smith looks ill
l. came. from.  thailan
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8p9FfWW6IFM\n\n👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆🔥🔥🔥❤❤❤❤
Life.
check this\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trebeHwrsY4
KIRK FROM GILMORE GIRLS OMG
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Aaahhh ♥ lindaaa musicaaa do musooo
Dang he lost weight.
Fifa18 https://youtu.be/BWUZaHKfeAY
I'm crying 💔
Gay
Subcrib Return
best song ever
wtf is sam so perfect 😇😩
SAM SMITH IS SOO HOTTT
Nice
nice
2:28 reminds me of forest gump
nice hahahhaha
I'm not a MLP fan but I love Sia and I'll be seeing this movie for that reason haha, the animation looks so pretty tho, I'm glad they chose 2D
Did their eyes get bigger?
Her voice is so amazing😍😍😍
Subscrib In my channel ,i have Sia songs In Circl Dance
Love minute 1:34 !!! 🦄❤️  🌈 🦄❤️   So proud of you, Maddie Ziegler!! 💘💘💘
I bet the bronies love this
THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ❤❤❤❤❤ I absolutely LOVE the new animation!!!! It's very smooth ❤❤❤❤
Woah.... really Sia? 😕 You were releasing such amazing things...
How old is she again?
OMG the movie is up I'm so excited ，😆
I wanna that's doll\n\n\n\nI'm 23 but I love sia
OMG, Twilight's got the staff! Do u suppose she defeated the Storm King?
SIA, HONEY,  NO WHAT ARE YOU DOING
Sia should have Sia all OST song LOL \nI will purchase it. If it release
I love your new song Sia I hope you make more something that's kind of like this one
My sister can't wait to watch the movie.
I need to learn this so bad
Oh my god!! The Cia pony❤️😭
Just here to read read the comments posted by circlejerking neckbeards.
Fantastic voice 🌟💜 this song is unique 🎶
I was hoping that with the title being Rainbow, the song would be cutesy and it is! :)
Can I get an awesome brohoof under this awesome video /) /) /)
1:29 ...we're gonna forgive her, aren't we?
Welp spoilers for the scenes of the movie
Dang, this song and music video is so good. I may actually see the MLP movie after watching this.
the movie is out right after my exams, perfect timing
Ok so first it was Rara/Lady Gaga.Then next it Feather Bang/ Justin Bieber and now it Songbird/ Sia.    \n\n\ni wonder who will be next 😕
AAAHHHHHHH MY FAVORITE ARTIST AND ONE O MY FAVORITE CARTOONS
Twilight was cute :3 Sia I love your songs they are powerful I mean it
I cannot believe they actually made a MLP movie. I don't like MLP, I'm just really surprised.
At first I thought that this song being part of MLP movie's soundtrack was a joke...
This makes me so happy and cry so much <3
SIA, I NEED THE FULL VERSION OF Suitcase IT'S SUCH A MASTERPIECE
2D animation never looked and sounded better
Old MLP movies alr have  good soundtracks and now MLP work with great artists for the osts wow I'm so happy ❤
So happy that I'm not seeing any hate on this video ❤ /)
86% of the views are bronies.
I want to watch the movie because Sia is in it I watched the whole episodes of this series is it weird if I'm watching it?
the best singer ever breathes on planet i just like your voice SIA you are a piece of perfection
Welcome to the Herd, Sia.
I wasn't expecting the song for the movie to be this emotional. I love it! \n\nCan't wait to see the movie!
My big sister said that she saw the movie already because her friend's dad works for my little pony and Barbie so her friend let her see the new movies.
I'm so excited for this movie!
I can't wait to watch the movie, how about you, my brony friends? /)
I wanna see her live again!!! ❤️💕
I Love My Little Pony y Sia 😊😊☺☺☺ 👍👍👍👍
This is my fav song from now....😘
the song is just a smash hit .cant stop dancing .. Sia you are point
I wish some of these clips weren't released so early, but its very nice
Seriously ?
I'm not Bronie.
OMG! THESE SONG!!!!!!!!!!!! Wait....are those....SPOILERS?!?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sia y maddie las mejores.... fantasticaas
Omg!!AMAZING!!!
💜
4evr💓
So nice💜
Smfh Sia don't do this dumb shit 🤦🏾‍♂️
Rara vs Pony SIA \nWho do you prefer?
Beautiful, just beautiful......speechless
Brasileiro aqui
SO FUCKING CUTE!!!! D'':<
I LOVE MLP
que cancion tan bonita
My litle pony ?? :v
wat daphuc
MY LITTLE PONY 😀😀😀😀😀
AHHDHSHS I LOVE ITTTTT!!!
so awesome
undertale
No or yes
1000th me here..
Mlp has grown so much 😍
Love you sia y maddie ziegler
<3
MLP 4EVR
Cute cute cute cute Cute cute cute cute Cute cute cute cute Cute cute cute cute Cute cute cute cute Cute cute cute cute Cute cute cute cute Cute cute cute cute Cute cute cute cute 💙💚💙❤💛💜❤💜❤💕💜💔💜💜💓💓💛💓💛❤💛💛❤💜❤💜❤💜💙💜💙💜❤💜❤💜❤💜❤💜💙💜💙💚💙💚
Sia is 20percent cooler :v
I Love her!!!!!!
so sweet
i love mlp!!
Como eu amo ❤❤..
My Little Whaaat?
MY LITTLE PONY!!!
No lo puedo creer!!! Sia eres la mejor!!\ntengo 15 años y soy fanatica de my little pony y equestria girls...y que mi cantante favorita haga la canción de la peicula ¡¡es fenomenal!! no tengo palabras para describir mi felicidad ¡Sia, sigue asi que vas muy bien! \n(latinos presentense con un like)
Voi ha ver la película solo por que esta sia v:
me encanta día es la mejor cantante del mundo
Esta cancion es hermosa ,me tocaste el corazon Sia , esta cancion debe tener mas de  1000 millones de vistas.
MEGUSTA     \nNO SE SI PUEDA A IR A VER LA PELICULA
Que amoreee..ñ acredito q a maddie ta crescendo..mdsss ♥
Sia = ♥\nMlp = Demais\nSia + Mlp = A MELHOR COISA DO MUNDO
Quem acha essa musica top curti meu comentario e quem e do brasil tambem curti
Can we have a version without the cut scenes just Maddie's amazing dancing please? ❤
Nope :v
Sooooooooo cringy
Maddie você é  Incrível
la de CL  se me hace mas pegajosa ❤   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Emjf3eDuEpI
I want to die
I like mlp since i was 3 years old the older version of mlp and when i was 5 the 2010 version 😢 this give me feels because i havent watch mlp since the legend of everfree.
If anyone knows when the movies coming out,let me know
Continued proof that he is the greatest songwriter in the world~\nRob/Boston
Just keeps getting worse. Always, expectations, dashed. Lyrics are good and fine but band can't gash a melody to save its ass.
Having Morrissey being discovered at this time of my life. I'm blown away!
Bloody genius!! Actually the best Mozzy song I've ever heard.....!!
Not a bad little tune. You know who would make it better? Johnny Marr. Those two could make beautiful music together.
The years wash away. This is 90s era Morrissey. Lovely!
This is great, normally when I spend the day in bed I put on the entire discography of the Smith's. It would be nice to run into Morrissey to chit chat about nothing and the things we hate.
He sounds like an old man connecting to youth in a bit wrong way.
This is everything The Smiths were not.\n\nWhich is why it sucks.
Love the subtle electronic tinge to it
Give up WORK as a bad mistake, moz is now telling us to take control of our destiny, he always has. I love the image as well, go on son , off with their bleeding heads, moz the king of the misanthropes, ;) LOVE HIM FOREVER
Listening to it in my bed
Great lyrics! Fighting idiocy one song at a time. Keep on delivering the goods, Moz! This filthy world still needs ya!
Brilliant single. Should be a brilliant album https://twitter.com/JohnSemenowicz
i love you and i don't love anybody.
He did so much better....
no bus,no boss. im off work today
Seems simple.  Is not.  Very clever.
Time Do As I Wish
I spent the day in bed very happy i did yes i spent the day in bed as the workers stay Enslayed im not my type but i love my bed and i reccomend that you stop watching the news because the news contrives to frighten you to make you small and alone to make you feel your mind isnt your own i spent the day in bed its a consulation when all my dreams are perfectley Legal in sheets which i paid i am now laid and i reccomend to all of my friends　that they stop watching the news because the news contrives to frighten you to make you feel small and alone to make you feel your mind isnt your own Time do i wish Time do i wish 　time do i wish time do i wish spent the day in bed you can please yourself but i love my bed pillows like pillars life ends in death so theirs nothing wrong being good to yourself be good to yourself for once no bus no boss no rain no train no bus no boss no rain no train no bus no boss no rain no train no Emasculation no castration no highway no freeway no motorway no bus no boss no rain no train
YEAH FUCK COFFEE SPEND THE DAY IN BED
Yeah, I like it! If this is a taste of the album to come then roll on release date!
im not my type but i love my bed
The Great Man Returns
and please, Moz, come back to ITALY!!!!
We love you, Stephen Patrick Morrissey.
Gets better with every listen. The little organ touches are almost 70s   funk
How do you pay the rent if you spend the day in bed..i suppose one day is possible...
Spent the day in bed\nI love my bed\nAnd I recommend that you stop hearing this piece of crap...\nNow, toss million pounds to my pocket, you idiots !
Thankfully we still have two living gods. Robbie Fowler and Morrissey xx
Just wow. He's captured the zeitgeist brilliantly. Wonder whose playing the keys. Stunning work.
This will be a hit on KROQ.
President Trump would approve of this song.
The best thing YT could've ever recommended
Classic Morrissey : that voice : pure quality all the way . He is a glorious human being indeed !
Morrissey is getting better and better ! Gotta also love his anti government views
I dunno... but, I'm really fucking digging it. It's like reggae the Smiths.
Musically its pretty cool. I can't help but miss the poetic and melancholy Moz though. The cynical and blunt Moz doesn't really do anything for me. Most of his songs that take on politics or  'the system' (America Is Not the World, World Peace and this one) come across slightly superficial and condescending to my ears. \n\nHopefully there's some corkers on the new album. The last one was enjoyable, although it was the first time in his solo career that the music outshone his lyrics.
His solo stuff peaked with Vauxhall and I. \nIts ok but just...ok
I wasn't expecting this single to sound like this 👍 It's pretty good
Great and a strong message.
What an evil, hook -filled piece of genius.
Genial
Narcos brought me here!
Well this is what happens when you don't have Johnny Marr in your band...
sounds like Noel Gallagher
This is bloody good! Mozza is back 😍😎👏
Never mind the bollocks, Mozza still knows how to write a song!
Be good to yourself for once!. Love it
I love this so much, Morrissey is a musical genius :)
I am so happy - I am crying ♥♥♥ Thanks Moz -  this is great
fan boys forever bumming morrissey
Fantastic song!!! Great and meaningful lyrics
I can't get enough of that melody
Left wing Nazi liberals are gonna hate Morrissey telling them to stop watching their fake news.
The genius is back........
Not sure about this.
If the truth be told, the fact that lyrics such as these are falling from the same pen that wrote 'Cemetry Gates' is evidence of how far Morrissey has fallen regarding lyrics. This sounds as though somebody has given Moz a copy of the Communist Manifesto and asked him to re-write the 'Trews' theme tune for Russell Brand. Incredibly uninspiring...
I wish this man would stop making brilliant songs pisses me off love it 😍
If U like Morrissey n This Song but Dont follow his Advice n Skive Work to Stay in Bed -- U r a Hypocritical Hermaphroditic Sodomist Sod awaiting the Sot in the Ground. Oooh Ohhhh.
Anyone else listening to this in their bed
morrissey bro what are you doing
And on that note .. On the Monarchy we all need rebel and realize that this outmoded regime has had its day and should be outlawed....
Return to Italy Moz please please please ❤
I loved the turn of our world pop rock icon MORRISSEY. This new song refers to the good times of this extraordinary singer. The vocal quality remains intact. Congratulations to the best of the best !!!!!
It's growing on me. Vintage vinegar coming from an artist, dare I say it, still searching for his peak? Can't wait for the LP.
Is Morrissey dare I say, dare I even suggest, /ourguy/?
so very good
I love Morrissey
Brilliant! Love Morrisey...real
Really like it
Love my cover daz
Electrified Morrissey?!!!!
Yikes
As Perfect as MORRISSEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rubbish
Millenials anthem
Very bad
No bus, no patrón, no rain, no train
THANK YOU MORRISSEY♥️
FANTÁSTICA!
Childhood Modric is here
586 views are mine!
Good song!
この狂おしさ、美しさ、モリッシー節全開！やっぱり目が離せない存在ですね。ますます遠のきそうな、、、ザ・スミス、、。
Moz, cosa ti dico? GENIUS!! 😍💙😍💙
Viva la cheap virgin comments below!
Morrissey é Foda ......
Yep💪🏾
I love this.
Morrissey is simply poetry.....
Moz is woke
È tornato il maestro.  Please stand up
Hang the bus driver, hang the train driver, hang the weatherman
Esta canción la estaba escuchando cuando comenzó a temblar en la Ciudad de México este 19 de septiembre. Está bien vergas esta rola, Moz  <3!
Cuanta verdad en una sola canción.
I'm just wondering when last time Morrissey was on the bus and last time he saw rain. He lives in LA doesn't he? But overall, song is quite good.
Average Moz. Nothin' new. Last album was terrible, fingers crossed he sorts this one.
'(I Can Afford to Have) Spent the Day in Bed' would be a better title for such an out-of-touch message in song. Has Morrissey not considered that the 'enslaved workers' he speaks of don't have the option of quitting their jobs and idling neath a duvet?\nThis man's lyrics and his observations, in song at least, used to be on-the-nail and relatable - excluding Bengali in Platforms, Asian Rut and Best Friend on the Payroll - and were last heard on America is Not the World and The World is Full of Crashing Bores (and he must be one).
This sucks
She must have the runs.
Did that say she was a jogger or a logger
_As I jog through a hood become bitter_\n_I try my best to be much more fitter_\n_You see I can't  be called or say quitter_\n_But now  it seems my life's a big shitter_\n\n_I must confess a shame; my butt's blooper_\n_I leave a pile of dung that they snooper_\n_For me to stop my crap would be super_\n_Beware I am of your adept troopers_\n_For they, like you, call me, The Mad Pooper_
And they call men dirty dogs?
something smells funny about this story
Welp you have your Guns, Americans\n\nUse them now, get off my feckin lawn
Close encounters of the turd kind.
Spray her with a hose or pepper spray.
Hey! I live at Briargate and Union!
Now they are claiming she has mental issues. NO DOUBT. Get some diapers and pick your shit up nasty bitch.
They should turn this into a movie and call it  Turdinator.
WTF WE HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM, once a week we find a shit outside our toilet at our restuarant. hope they stop
No surprise she has a short hair cut
THESE SHIT-AND-RUN ACCIDENTS MUST STOP!! THE POLICE CAN'T KEEP UP WITH THIS SHIT!!
I can bet u my left nut that poo woman is a crooked Hilary supporter.. 100%
I did a search and noticed that most of the people caught shitting in public are women. ....Fairer sex my fucking ass!  ....goddamn nasty fucking bitches.
She has the runs !!
whats most disturbing is that this shit is trending!
Expecting more of this shit now that automation is phasing out low IQ workers who will eventually turn to this crappy behavior since they are without jobs
Shouldn't be too hard to follow her to her home ! then the neighbourhood could shit on her all casually like!!!!
I'd kick her face
She was originally from ridgefield nj
The Mad Pooper! https://youtu.be/Q-QV5zCNyKk
Nasty bitch!! 💩💩💩💩
Maybe she's afraid of toilets. i saw a case on another lady that did the same thing and she couldn't stop. i couldn't believe that back then but now i'm seeing that it must be a real fear smh
Fuck it, take are shit
Indian’s do this all the time
Maybe she has IBS.
These are really shit jokes \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHa get it
It's been happening for 4 fucking years I just saw a video from 2013 and we're in 2017 lol
she's a bad ass (literally)
were in a simulation, this player just having some fun
oi\nnow people are into people pooping and taping it\nWTF!!!!!\n\nBOMB THE US!!!!\n\nTHE END\n::))
What a crappy thing to do
When you think you can run home from Chipotle thinking you can make it but you don't
to get her to cut the... Well, you know...\n\nThat was edgy. hahaha
Oh man. I'd love to know this woman's identity. I'd create a website MadPooper.com and plaster this nasty woman's name, face, and news story all over it.
If a man flopped his dick out to piss the jail but a woman bears her arsehole a shits and it’s maybe kinda warn her before she faces chargers
What a shitty situation
I'd be mad too if some bitch dropped plunkets in my yard.
I want to see the video
What a nasty cunt! Especially if there are bathrooms near by. If she has a bowel problem, she needs to wear Depends! Seriously, wtf is wrong with this bitch?
She's a freak must be a turn on
The amount of puns! 😂
Honestly, there are things more important and newsworthy than this shit........... oh wait
No one ever has to deal with this shit
I guess she had the shit ran out of her
I hope when she goes to jail, that her cellmate and the warden both take lots of shits on her face.
I'd unload a paintball gun right in her ass crack... That would make this shit bitch very easy to find ;)
Reminded me of Jackass-taking a shit while running at full-speed video XD
To solve this run after her punch her cunt in there u go
I would eat it
I say some full auto paintball to the ass is much needed.
Your kids were crying. because of this? Fuck off and die you cretin.
Its a shit and run folks!
Instead of taking pics just follow her nasty ass home
She just needs the shit beat out of her.
What the fuck is this shit?
lol but when a naked dog shits in front of you it's just fine
Oh don't worry, in about a year time all of the feminists will be pooing outside because it's liberating and natural and whatnot. She is just starting another retarded trend.
lol i think someone has a fetish and trying to see if anyone would want to go out with her XD
Why don't she go to the toilet before going for he run🤔
its just lady gaga promoting her new album?
I'm all up for kinky girls but this is taking it too far!
At least she's not scheiße about it.
Where do these gross bitches come from
She really must have a few screws loose!!! What kind of person in their 'right mind' would even contemplate doing something like that?! That's soooo disgusting and gross!  Arrest her and lock her up in a tiny cell with a a stainless steel toilet and nothing else to look at for 10 years! If that doesn't get through to her - nothing will! That's just sick 😷😱😱😱🦋
I'm here for the poop puns
You gotta get schwifty.\nOh, yeah!\nTake off your pants and your panties.\nShit on the floor.
Shit go man 😂
Shit happen...💩
fuck colorado. just another narco state.
Pooping outside rocks!!!!
Ew! Look out! The Mad Pooper!
God Bless my City.
What the fuck cunt?
Holy shit!!
So.. many.. shitty puns
Well shit...
Eww wtf
1:32 blur shit.
everyday occurrence in india.
WTF WHY??????
Run, Stop, Squat, Drop, sleep, Repeat?
What a dump!
When you gotta go, you gotta go.
nasty scat bitch....runnin with mud butt.....fucking failure
Crazy bitch!!!
The mad shatter
Her name is Robin Ophelia Quivers.
Public enemy number 2
PUBLIC ENEMY #2
Holy crap...... its not funny
bless her arse
why ?
Taco shits!!Or maybe to much anal!?
DESIGNATED
Claty bitch..😷
I reacted to it on my channel. Check it out :) https://youtu.be/AY5A4yWSFpM
So unnatural to what our society does! We usually bomb other nations to obliteration, pooping outside is so third country.
Anyone think this could MAYBE lead to HHH v. Owens down the line?
Never mess with a McMahon, never turns out well for you.
Good promo by Shane. I hope he colors up KO in Hell in the Cell.
It was good to see Shane McMahon live. I was there last night. He didn't greet the city of Oakland CA that just shows he's serious now. I can't wait for Hell In A Cell
I want to Dean Ambrose or Roman regins or Seth Rollins to fight  Shane McMahon
No Mercy on my birthday :D
Shane is too damn old for this
It's so rare that I see the crowd go silent.
They could make this way more exciting
Let Triple H do it he would beat the hell out of Kevin Owens
Undertaker pulls Shane down under the ring, Shane is gone for a few weeks with the lights going out every time Owens has a match and next ppv the corporate ministry makes its return.
Shane McMahon Vs Kevin Owens At No Mercy Do IT
It's called wwe Shane, The word wrestling is in wwe. If you didn't want your kids to see it why you let them when they already knew the script duhh
When Shane said he was going to Dem him did he mean dm
Shane gotta be one of the best guys in wwe right now\nHe always puts on a fight with great wrestlers and do an incredible job on thoose matches
Lost to undertaker lost to AJ styles y'all think about this
I can't wait...but knowing the current WWE, this match won't be all that great
Isn't it crazy that Shane has 3 sons and Stephanie has 3 daughters
They had Kevin Owens never even come out?
Smackdown is so wack compared to raw
You know the show is bad when the only way to get good ratings is to have the boss fight
What about all those times Austin and Rock beat up the McMahons?
Calling it now.. triple H will come out and pedigree Shane
I love shane but owens wins 😥
If Owens wins, I stop watching.
This match better be good if  not this storyline is trash.
What is Shane looking at?? There are no people in the sections of the arena he is looking at
They do this so Shane can jump off stuff
Am i the only one who got chills throughout all the time Shane was talking?Like,you can see it right in his eyes that he's not joking anymore..
Didn't he himself order people to beat down McMahon on multiple times?
Oh NOW !!! Shane decides : daddy i love now because someone attacked you and i have to care about you now ,and your going to see jump off a cell again and pretand that we have a father -son bond😌😭 .........hhhhhh dude last year you said that you wished that your not his son and you said that you are ashamed
Now I think the only think left is Chris Jericho if he returns on hell in a cell I would be so excited for the smackdown after hell in a cell I am missing Jericho and his list
how much u wanna bet shane jumps of HITC
McMahon's will strike out with massive vengeance! Ha lol you definitely do! Look what you guys did to CM punk
Who threw a pie in Kevin Owens face .....
Anyone ever thought of a KO vs HHH possibility if Shane was still suspended?
Shane was totally Jules in this segment! he's gonna murder Owens....
Come on Shane you can do it you can beat kevin\nDo it for your fans and for machman family
Ko if you win or lose you fired
for real if they dont have owens go over ina brutal dominate fashion that should put kevin back in the wwe title picture then wwe is truly dead
How much you wanna bet that they're gonna reinforce the Cell AGAIN?
Get ready for some big jump at Hell in the Cell from Shane, because his ring ability is taking a leap of faith which obviously always makes the highlight.
a terrible promo performance. no emotion behind it, was just like reading a script. way to not believe in your own product McMahons
You made Kevin do it Shane. Do to your father you made him the heel you had to put your innocent father in this and your sister Stephanie they turned out to be you Shane, just like all of these WWE Universe people they turned to be you Shane, I see Shane everywhere I go to, Every place I see Shane the Devil From the transcendent of heaven Kevin angel descending to battle the devil that is you Shane. See you in hell Shane. Shane, people like Kevin can't go to Hell no, no. They go to heaven like the good angels does.
Shane always delivers something huge, puts his body out there to be destroyed, I'll never forget that summerslam jump.
what happened to his indefinite suspension
shane said in the beginning when he came to wwe that more new guys will get their chance, but they are always highlighting aj style, ko, randy. and he throws himself in every ppv matches
When the roster is so bad Shane McMahon has to return to the ring
Welcome back Shane you know it's time to bring the pain
Just shame Shane can't call on the devils favourite demon the big red monster Kane to help out just a little lol
i like you Shane and i hope u do! i just can't  stand ko.
Don't cross the boss!
I'm hoping this feud builds to a Daniel Bryan return... Like, Shane loses, KO continues to beat him, DB comes in to rescue, build tension for a few months as KO becomes world champion again, then DB comes back at the Royal Rumble and wins it, leading to Daniel Bryan vs. Kevin Owens at Wrestlemania.\n\nThat is, of course, if the rumors of him trying to rehab is true.
0:16 \n\nHow would that make you feel?\n\nKevin: I fe---\n\nIt doesn't matter what makes you feel.
>Shane promises to take Owens to hell\nYou said that about taker and look what happen
Tell Shane to take a trashcan, baseball bat
lameeeeee... \n\nvince should have build this more up
It's all fake. Fools
Evil qur’aan (Proof in desc. and comments) ripping and my advice, if I am slaughtered! Like and RT\nhttps://youtu.be/szZTiavY-6A \nMany muslims are in delusion and they think they will get eternal pleasure for following falsehood!\n\nIf you are to evil to realise the evil nature of Islam there is nothing I can do! \n\nThe most powerful creator will exercise justice to those who are evil!
could be a classic
Shane is going to beat an inch of Owens life Owens is finished in 3 weeks no place to run to place to hide 3 weeks KO You will pay for your actions I promise
Like HHH said this is good for business.
Does Shane know what Kevin did to his father
Who are the story writers on wwe they are making boring story lines
Hell In A Cell Hahaha . You got it Kevin Owens.
Wow, that's shane? I remember the days when he was a youngster in a black tracksuit lol
He looks very old and fat now
Shane looking at no fans on that side of the arena it's empty
Y fight when u can just fire him
Shane has 3 sons\nStephanie has 3 daughters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jJ47Oee3ag
T
Shane of house mcmahon, is tyrian of house lanister
Vince dont make shane lose
Gg
Shane don't kill yourself agian
Hopefully Shane will win
Well done
0:17 crowd: it doesnt matter!
I'll kill Kevin Owens
DO IT
Awful...Just awful...
i hope  Kevin Owens kills Shane McMahon
Spoiler. Kevin Owens wins this match
ko komon in jring teneit
https://youtu.be/El2jYJ8UKiM
Where is h
This Week:\n\nSmackdown > Raw
Please Subscription This Channel\n\n https://goo.gl/qCepWV
Shane McMahon is awesome
Plz do us a favor @Shane McMahon dont dive off the cell again🙄🙄🙄
yall watch wwe? oboy
HELL IN A CEEELLL!!!
Smack That ))
Shane DESTROY him
Stone cold Kevin Owens
a cell shane, a cell
Shane McMahon Shane McMahon Shane McMahon 👍🙂 boo Kevin Owens
Jajajajjaj no entiendo
I love you Shane Mcmahon. But you dont even believe what you are saying. Kevin Owens will not be a known name in 10 years from now. And its expressed in your promo for your rivalry here. You are so humble to grant Kevin Owens your spotlight.\nYou guys might be pushing him, but there is no reason for it, and I see here that you believe that too.
I DID follow you on instagram, but then I tried to post a supportive comment on one of your pictures and then seconds later you blocked me, probably because you didn't even bother to read past the first sentence which was, admittedly, a bit of a rough joke. \nI wish I had known how you would respond before wasting my breath typing something sincere and well-meaning...
_ALWAYS BE YOURSELF!_ \nUnless you can be a Viking. \nThen . . .  *Always* *be* *a* *VIKING!*
End it with a bloody pajama dance!
Buts its ok guys live in your fantasy. Just to expose you for what you are.....you are not a woman anyways. You have an adams apple . Prominent brow ridge too. Wow i knew most of hollywood is made of trannys but i guess youtube is the next invasion . Blind leading the blind.
One of those should have been learn about the power of compound interest.
A BOTTLE OF VODKA IN THE FREEZER, AND A LITTER BOX THAT NEEDS TO BE EMPTIED... THATS YA FUTURE.
This is one of the best videos that you've done. Just awesome -\nThank you
I wish I had known that I am lactose intollerent, and I have a digestive system that will get very weak over time.
:   \nLife is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.      \n:
I wish I knew to buy Apple stock...
what I wish I had known...\n1. alcohol is the only way to happiness after fifty\n2. only date those who think you're too good for them\n3. being annoying is more fun than having friends\n4. those who like me Don't know me yet
The 2nd one.I totally identify with that one.
LOve you Emily, i can relate to you very much
I wish I had known that I had Asperger's, so I wouldn't have tried so hard to succeed in life.
Good to have you back aunty Em. 😅😅👌
how many? Many.... lol\nAnd here I thought you were such a chaste young lady
Some of the nicest people have crooked teeth so don't worry.
1. Learn to detach yourself\n2. It's okay to feel low\n3. Appreciate your alone time\n4. Never compare yourself to others\n5. Sometimes things are just not meant to happen\n6. Do not blame yourself for the behaviors of others\n7. Always Be Yourself\n8. Change is inevitable\n9. Everyone else is wrapped up in their own insecurities so DON'T WORRY SO MUCH!!!\n10. Work to Live not Live to work\n\nMy Top Ten i did copy a few from you +Emily Hart
Excellent topic choice. Good news  your degree. Think about the discipline and the topics you trained in, include web access to adult peoples curious mind which is the predominant *nature of a child, curiosity. Oops looks like your degree has got you there*, just not in the way you expected it too or in the format you trained in , however if you apply the principles/ axioms of your degree, then you can see why you are such a success. Fun fact for you: The brain keeps growing until the age of 30, often people perform better in exams intellectually in adulthood. You and your topics are as a matter of fact very intellectual. Your genius is in the way you convey, it. Thank you keep up the good work .
Interesting and very relevant,I liked especially what you said about change.  And yes you do swear too much...😊 But I still love you... take care Brian.
I just love it when you say,and ten. You look so relaxed and pleasant. I liked your video very much. I may show this to my daughter. Though maybe at a later time. She is only 6 now. Cheers. Well done!
professional rhymer - I seem to recall that there's a word for that sort of person. Glad you took some time off, it's always good to get away for awhile. Just don't do it for too long, or too often. I can only hold my breath for so long, you know.
Loved this video! Nice one Emily. 👍
Boy. You nailed it with the school thing! Especially in the area of the value of a degree. Oh. By the way, you would be beautiful even if you were MISSING teeth, so don't sweat a little crookedness ;)
Nice Emily. When a person is younger they think all this shit means everything, but as you get older you see that you just need to say what the fuck, and do what makes you happy, and push all the bullshit in this world to the side.
#1 True story. My DAD told me when I was a teenager, Son, Everybody is not going to like you, Just shit you got to live with. I took that to hart. It worked for me! Their Loss.
Booooooooooooon-JOUR! Comme ca!
I needed this..thanks, Em!
One thing I wish I had known... that women are fucking crazy... and good luck on being in any relationship for any length of time... oh, and none of your dreams ever come true... fuck you universe!
Just realized I don't follow you on Instagram! I feel so ashamed. Great video though Emily! Love your advice and I'm excited for more videos to come!
Your face is pretty and I like looking at it.
Miss Em, This should be mandatory viewing for anyone about to turn into a teenager.
Honestly I can relate so much to number 4 specifically and hearing you speaking about it and giving your thoughts on it was amazing for me to hear! This video in general was so helpful!
If children and young students really understood how poorly achievements in school translated into success as an adult, the drop out rate, along with failing school grades would skyrocket.
And the one about don't try too hard; I didn't try too hard and that's why I got pretty much F*** all out of GCSE's and A Levels..... I still might try University yet, but I need to find something that really suits me and a way to make it work foe me and with me , if ya get me.
I missed you Em, thanks for doing another video x
You're still hot I see
we all need a TARDIS , just think ...
@swearing: it's much less of a deal in germany, believe me! it's always quite funny to see how not-so-lady-like women from the UK or US apologise for or worry about those kinds of things. also it's a little sad to see such pressure to behave in a certain way. \n\ni mean, we do have social situations where it is absolutely NOT ok to use swear words, sure, and some where it may raise an eyebrow or two, but in general, when someone has a reason to swear, (s)he swears. \n\nabove all, there's not THAT huge a difference between men and women regarding swearing. it may be a little amusing for many when a woman swears like a drayman (as a german saying goes), because, despite our hun-like, blunt and barbaric nature^^ we do have a concept of lady-like, but seemingly we are more comfortable with a greater variety of female behaviour. \n\ngreat video, as always! have a nice weekend! :-)
What shoe size are you ?
you could end your shows with a clever ending, maybe something cute... oh how about ending each episode with a pajama dance. I bet people would love it!!!!
I understand the whole concept that something better will come along and that it will happen unexpectedly. But we are always taught actions have consequences. That has both positive and negative meanings. The relevance of that here is if you prepare for something then only you will get it. You will have to work for it. This is something firmly ingrained in most of us. The hardest part for me is about the time I have to wait between I don't have the thing I want to have and then I have it. It is really hard to stay positive and focussed on the goal that you are trying to achieve.
I was fortunate to have someone hate my fucking guts based on my ernest open eye contact, genuine smile and (not too) firm hand-shake, in my early twenties. Hadn't even had a chance to offend him! That was when I truly internalised 'No matter how nice you are, not everyone will like you (and some will FUCKING HATE you)'
Don't write down all your account passwords.  You can get programs that store them.  I use KeePass but there's plenty of others.  And if you're going that route since you don't have to remember  them, you can make all your passwords different and more complex so you're a lot less vunarable to cracking
Be yourself is the best one! There is nothing at all wrong with swearing at all, just only in certain situations really (common sense). Like I have never sworn in front of my parents and I swear every second sentence around most everyone else :D
I wish I had been told:\n1. Donald Trump is not a comedienne, he just says funny shit\n2.Jeremy Corbyn is a comedienne, and does not say funny shit\n3. Piers Morgan is not a comedienne, he just talks shit
Instead of writing down you passwords use a product like lastpass. https://lastpass.com/f?3384546
Funny you bring up swearing.  A friend and I were discussing this, and here's what we came up with.  Have you ever heard someone lament how 'in our grandparents day, you didn't swear in a public place.  Or  how a man was expected to wear a suit if he was in public.?  I think some people miss the dignity that comes with NOT letting it all go in front of each other.  If I met you for a date at a nice restaurant in sweat pants, it would give you pause, right? Swearing used to be considered vulgar, right?   Well, If I gave you the once over and told you what I thought you'd be willing to do in bed, you'd throw a drink in my face, and walk out, because you still consider that to be vulgar,  when once swearing would have been just as offensive.\n    Well, Maybe it's about what we each define as respect.  It's like that joke blaming the cartoon Teenage Ninja Turtles for teaching a generation of boys that it's ok to live in mom's basement, subsist on Pizza and call your girlfriend 'dude'.  \n     I for one still do not swear in front of my grandparents, or older aunts and uncles.  It feels good, respectful not to.  I don't want a girlfriend who is ok with me calling her dude, belching or farting around her, because she deserves to not be treated like one of my high fiving jackass mates.  \n\nOFcourse, not swearing doesn't make me think I am better than anyone, or judging anyone.  Just a really good topic this, Miss Hartridge, and it sparked my old debate brain.
Out of curiosity.Would you have listened,if anyone told you all this when you were young?\nBtw how bout making a 10 movies that made an everlasting impression/impacted you.Either in your youth or as an adult .Or both
You end shows with the pyjamas dance!
Even if current you had access to a time machine and went back in time to visit your younger teenage self to give advice. Your teenage self wouldn't believe anything you had to say.
I wasn't listening but you look fecking great ;)
you should stop saying I don't know how to end shows, it was bye.  No more doubts, A phrase that came from St. Pete.  Use it.  Have faith, You got atleast one sweet pete, and what was it, three arrows or something, so I say sit back, have a popcorn, put in a movie, and...Reach for the stars/surrender yourself to good times.  I have not a clue what to say.  I usually am quite thorough, I thought you looked amazing, btw.  I was hoping for a classic 10 reasons why, with the numbers and everything.  Thank you for answering my wish.  You are as adorable as the day I met you.  As Gandalf said to Bilbo in Lord of the Rings,  you haven't aged a day   So to all your smoothies, and tisanes,  Whole foods, and fine wines, free from fear over here is forwarding you thins message: keep it up.  Thin like slim but differen.  OD on Dissos and you will meet gOD.  Disso you know I reserved a time with you and my divine disco enferno to us finally unwind and fill up on magic mind and know how to rhyme.  Behind the frying pan is a man with a plan to stand at ease please just release your energy on me, she is queen on the boobtube I mean youtube it was something about boobs how we crossed paths, who knew, you drew me in and then I had a thing, 5 year anniversary approaching.  How do you want to celebrate.  A bottle of merlot, a candle, and filtered lighting, a gentle breeze, a phat bowl of eMeXPay, ouch he makes you pay is what I'm hearing.  Will you come to my hearing.  Hear how I plowed down a mad clown.  Mushroom Mushroom we all fall down.  Ok you love my lies, like me less when I'm committing adultery and kinda of feel this is getting salty.  Salvage things like I love you and you're so gosh darn pretty.  Ok I'm going to cash in this crop of wurm castings(English)and make out with my arm or something.  You have a heart.  I know. Bye. :)
Just be glad you didn't grow up in China. College exams are the BE ALL and END ALL.
Why not end your shows with your beautiful wink?
It's quite obvious how much you've changed/grown in what seems like no time at all. Couldn't agree more with you being stronger, happier and more independent. I'm very happy for you. Enjoyed the video.    S.A. and Til Next Time       :  )
one thing about and one of the main reasons i watch i can tell that you dont think your better than any one eles green eyes
Great video, you are beautiful.
I can relate a 100 %
The password thing is a definite. I always forget those damned things.
The braces one is SPOT ON 😂 fuck my life.
Emily, I Love your everything, but you look bad your eyes and neck look very bad like you have been up for days and days. I think that the one thing you did not say was You might want a friend for life and you might think he/she is that friend, but if you ask them they will say WHO like you are the last person they think about
Hello Emily. How are you today?
I've good teeth genes and I'm ambidextrous [my hands, just my hands, and really just my hands]
Thanks , going to discuss with my teenage daughter !
Lots of people have that lower twisted tooth, including myself and Bobby DiNero, so you're in good company. Your advise is well taken for the youngsters to keep their retainers in at night but as far is you are concerned, chalk it up to a distinctive character trait. I think you look better now than ever especially with that 50 Amp smile.  Also a long time ago a friend gave me some really good advise. She said  Don't wast time with people who don't like you. That little piece of advise really made things lots easier.
I agree with all of this! :)
I like the plant with lights by the bed. Nice touch. I could sleep there i think.
Emily : You are Perfect the Way You Are !
This is really important! Thanks for the vid, Emily
I wish I'd of been told no matter how much training you have or things know. People don't care unless you kiss their ass about the fact they know less then you.
Wish I knew that being twenty doesn't make my life put together neither makes me an adult. Smh*
Use some kind of password-storing service, like lastpass for example. This way you only have to remember a master password.
Alot of fucking goin on there em,but your a poet and ya dont know it
I love you Emily.. I really enjoy your videos...  😚😚😚😚😚😚😚
I had braces, but on the jaw teeths (same area as you showed) I got a single wire to keep the tooths from moving.  I guess that the wire is going to stay there forever. The teeth in that part of the jaw have not yet moved.
Emily, I have a new “Life Lesson for you, guaranteed to keep the good going forever!” Here’s a new mantra. Say it in it’s entirety, often; \nLife is good and just keeps getting better. \nWe don’t need to know how it works (you will). \nPlease, just make it your mantra!
How did you make the choice to limit these things? I know there are a ton more, at least for me and most that I know. Maybe another video more things... Thanks for keeping on. Love your work.
Here in the states, they usually install a permanent retainer on the lower teeth.  Just a small wire/bar bonded to the 6 front lower teeth.  Never have to think about it again.
Emily,\nI'm glad you're on Youtube and not on TV. On TV they'd just try to control and censor the way you act.\nOn Youtube, you can just be yourself.
I just like watching you talk. O_o good stuff tho, makes sense.
Only a shallow fool would care about your bottom teeth, Emily.
Really great talk.
Great video Em!
Good advice
you yeti ~~ahaha
i love it :)
you rule kiddo
Fun video Emily, thanks.
Good luck.
Glad you're back
Bad luck Emily (teeth)
Erm ... hmmm ... errr ... well ...  speechless
So quirky, cute, and fit lol.
Part 2! Part 2! Part 2!?!?
Nice job!
You seem very likeable 👍
Emily use lastpass for your passwords it will change your life.
before 1 like we love your Videos, )\n1. I do agree and did not know until some 2 Years ago and i am almost 30 ! (\n2.I do agree\nNext\n3.again true \n4.the nasty Hartridge look, awesome,cool,HOT\n5.agree\n6.The Truth, that does never go away still miss every Girl .\n7.???\n8.again true\n9.and do not encrypt your Partition because you could not reset that ! and remember the Keyboard Layout of that Language \n10.laughing in a Libary .Thanks awesome Lady ...
I'm falling in love with you Emily Hartridge
Due to the overwhelming response to this video, I felt it appropriate to give an explanation.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmkAvnnFICE&feature=youtu.be
It's apart of Japanese culture. Basically the inclusion of Golf means he is with the switch and is supporting it. He's seeing the success of his hard work.
The sound it makes at the game's boot up clearly says chokusetsu, which is Japanese for directly, in Iwata's voice.\nBeautiful stuff.
Bru I’m pretty amazed that you did all that backwards honestly
As much as this is seems a tear jerker, its best to not open the program as it is a Omamori, per this twitter https://twitter.com/sprsk/status/910295200228032512?lang=en
I couldnt get it to work on my switch no matter how much I tried can anybody help me
I need to connect to the monitor and demonstrate it
I've tried this three times and no luck
One of the coolest things I've ever seen.
its not showing a thing there to allow me to change the system time and date
Do you get to keep the game, or is it only playable on July 11th?
That's pretty creepy the way this is hidden inside without Nintendo saying anything about and the way you have to do Iwata's directly to you hand sign,  now now I'm staring at my switch all weird while playing Splatoon 2 LOL.
He died on my birthday.
I can't get it to woek
This legit makes me want to cry.
We miss you Iwata-san TT.TT\nMad respect for Nintendo for that easter egg!
Nar this doesn't work..
You know, I never believed my friend when he said an NES game showed up when he was moving around his Joy-Cons a while back. Interesting to know it was Golf.
This is such a thoughtful tribute ...that is makes me want to cry! :')
How the fuck did you figure that out??
Goat fire brigade'  helps save Spain from forest fires\nhttps://youtu.be/ImFJAw2SnZg
I understood how the 3ds had all types of hidden games, but why would Nintendo make you summon a game?
Cool video paying your respects to him. 👍
i used to rock this game on my nes
Hey that's some pretty good asmr
thank you for posting this.
I did the exact same thing and yet i didnt get it
May I put forward a proposition; you shout me out, and I reciprocate (Do the same)
Oh man, I remember that game.
This is on trending
i'm not crying
it doesnt work to me.. i make thise stupid moves with the joy con's since 10 min but it doesnt open the game
Nice to see Iwata's name trending on YouTube..
I just don't buy it. Can't get it to work and it's too damn cryptic.
I like that Nintendo makes family-oriented products, as compared to the other companies.
He is the OA
doesnt work for me NOOOOOO i wanna play it
free game behind a dance-wall
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
Eh, what? I don't understand how I can do this???
This video is so stupid, thus guy changes the date and makes some stupid moves, why do you dont speak? Whats the problem too explain this..
I'm very confused wtf is happening
I believe it's fake
i managed to find it thanks
This is some Ready Player One level shit
Oh good now every time I look at my switch i'll CRY
I'm not crying, you're crying ;_;
So lets keep count of the amount of viewers that don't even have a Nintendo but still watched the whole video. 😄
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
O mais impressionante é ver o cara fazendo tudo ao contrário, provavelmente com auxílio de um espelho. Que cordenação impecável!
success
Clickbait.
I wanna see Etika play this on stream
UAU.. Best tribute easter egg ever time...
For you
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
whosyscardsysbettersothersgamesysboycoloradvanceds3dssofstsyswaresysforssvresys2018ns2019
Directly to you!\n直接！Choku setsu!
Wow
Ya'll remember Lee Trevino's Golf??
illuminate conspiracy 😂
#35 on trending congrats
#35 on trending gg
zen-like tutorial.
im crying real tears right now
My heart.
i got chills...
直接(DIRECT TO YOU)
God bless Nintendo, man
Wow your trending with 48 subs
Yoga at its finest!
Stuff that should be trending
すごい！👏
face reveal?
donget it, you just wave your hands around and the game starts?
Get a pc
How did someone figure all of this out?
is it possible to do this without hacking your switch?
Good job hitting trending on YouTube . Iwata would of loved this if he was still with us
I can’t get it to work. Help?
fucking moron can't speek? holy fuck wts is this? get cancer and die.
check.  out.    watch.     now.   \nshared.    my.      video.    2017.
I just got a switch and cant get it to launch...brand new but it wont launch
Wow, how did this pass 7/11/2017?
I just want to know how long and how many hand movement combos it took for him to find the easter egg lol...he has to know a designer
Unfortunately wont work for me. Been at it for 15 minutes with 2 different sets of joy-cons doing my best interpretation of the gesture (and of course date set to 7/11) but no luck.
Are you supposed to press any of the top shoulder buttons when you do this?
This video was made on my friends birthday
Holy moly can you speak or not?
on my console it dont work :(
Never bothered connecting my Switch to the internet. Reset the date to 07/11. Turned system off and on several times to confirm date stayed at 07/11. Held the damned joycons exactly as video demonstrated. Followed the EXACT motions video did. Nothing unlocked.\n\nEither this is fake, or the person doing this video needs to take a couple of steps back and do this again to show the EXACT motions made when hands fell off-camera.
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
fake
Wtf is this on trending
Top 10 Creepypasta Rituals
Oh yeah reaaaall cool guy,  😑
Huh,,,gayyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Iwata almost ran Nintendo into the fucking ground
Stupid .  Why you no narrate
Faked for views
I cried ... omg 😫 this is so deep I appreciate you for making this for us it means so much 💕. I lost my best friend she was killed but I do feel her here and it was so hard to let her go .. I even tried to go with her😞.. but we can’t die until we get it right .......
This was so much better than I expected
I appreciate the solitude! ❤️
When I thought I couldn't love her any more than I already did when I first heard her on b2k cd. She got me crying and snotting. I've been stuck in my own storm missing my papa. 😥 Gotta get through it
I’m bawling 😣 this was so beautiful
Was starting to cry then my sister walked in, had to pretend I was yawning😖😖. But this is really great Jhene. Very beautiful. And the album is just so great 👌👌👌👌. You did it once again 😍😍😍😍😍
I love jhene so much! She is so real! Been following you as long as I can remember and you never let me down!
I just want to hug her and tell her all my feeling right now.
I havent written anything good since you left im fucking crying😭
God Bless & Jesus Bless Jhene & Rest In Peace & Paradise Miyagi We Love You .
This was absolutely beautiful!! I cried because this was so deep and you were so open with us about your brother
Thank you so much for doing things like this and all of the songs about your brother. I've recently just lost my brother from a heart condition on 2-8-17  R.I.P Charles Ruffin my big brother I love and miss you beyond words
I really enjoyed watching this movie thanks for sharing this story Jhene
Pretending to be perfect is perfectly fine for all the individuals that are perfectly fine and grew up with money and never fell on hard time and had trust funds and to much fun with there full time dads I'd never had it easy and fuck you if you don't believe me  and fuck me for crying over spilled milk I never planned on drinking. She really has no clue how hard that hit home for me. I'm a guy btw and this film made me tear up on a couple of occasions, growing up as a only boy with two older sisters my mother and dealing with domestic violence really reminded of the times I went to school crying because I watch my mother get beat and couldn't say anything or it'd get worse. Jhene is such a conscious, vibrant and self righteous soul that doesn't get the appraisal she truly deserves. I pray I find a woman with a soul like hers ❤️
I'm literally in tears 😭
Love it! Thank you for sharing this piece of art with us.
Literally cried. Cannot explain the feeling. All I can say is that this was beautiful. We love you Jhené🖤
I'm really trying to fight myself from crying
Shit hits my heart as I lost my brother 2 years ago. Thank you for your realness and creating this!
Anybody know the name of the end song!?
She looks good with curly hair.
Got so lost in this til I forgot its only 23 Min's long damn hope there's a part 2
Whats the song called in the beginning of the movie?
This was amazing!\nCongrats! Great Work
You inspire me in so many ways ❤️
Like i kno this is sad. But its beautiful to 😃, but that aint what i wanna say. What i wanna say is this nigga is so lucky fam!😡😠 At 7:13 , man! Lucky nigga, but respect ✊
What the name of the song @6:48
...and fuck me if I'm crying over spilt milk that I never planned on drinking 💔
This felt really vulnerable. I love it!
Sometimes you have to go through the pain to get pass it. Being in a abusive relationship for 3 years and losing a baby all at the same time & not telling a soul then when it comes out you feel ashamed I couldn't do anything it consumed me because I chose to stop life but I had to wake up and go through my pain and stop sweeping my pain under the rug keeping that smile for the outside world was easy although hell was breaking inside I had to deal with my emotions in order for me to start my healing 7 months since the last attack/breakup and I'm happy that ive found the strength to push through it. I can totally relate to this. Very nice.
I loved this.. especially the part showing her drug abuse to escape the pain of reality but still having that pain creep up on you whilst under the influence.. it's honestly the worst. I've been there. When I was 11 years old I lost my dad to cancer, these years have been hard for me because I became really depressed at the age of 12 & ive been dealing with it ever since. As time goes by... it gets better.. when you learn to let go and to love yourself and others .. you finally become at peace. I love Jhene so much I've been listening to her for years. 🌸 keep the music coming beautiful..
I'm salty af because I wish I was here spiritual guidance
So this explains why Joey Bosa has played like shit this season.
Forever my favorite artist angelic voice I relate
if your're reading this, you're the best Jhene, im sure you're going to land some acting rolls, you killed the songs and the video, much love from florida. check me out when u get a chance too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEok2y_sAbM
I wish there was a Love button ❤️ on YouTube ...this went deep beyond into the abyss of the soul 🙇🏽‍♀️💭💙💛
most of us are hurting, most of us are searching, someone to love someone to understand...
I cried so hard watching this. Loved every second of it ❤️
beautifully done keep it up
Y'all better buy the album .
this is so beautiful.
damn I cried like a baby. such an amazing film.
Had me in tears.. Thank you for sharing❤⚓✌❤
This movie made me a mess, I cried so hard my head started to heart a little bit 😭
This made me so emotional.. I lost my brother to cancer on my birthday this year. We weren't all that close, but we had been working on our relationship. We never got to hang out like I had always wanted to, so seeing this brother-sister bond kinda put me in my feels.
I love this. She did that. This is eccentric
Loved it! She helps me in so many ways to connect with my soul, how hard it is to let someone you love go. Yet, it's time to move on with your own life, they are always there by your side. Jhene you the best!
You better express the shit out of yourself!!! Jhené Aiko.
poetry in chemistry  ...beauty behind every second ..cant even finish the video ..emotionally done
Her brothers memory is never gone, she did it with this one🖤
What is the song after Maniac and before Bad Trip? 😰
Heyyyy that's my friend Alex!!! Omg great job!!!
18:38 did I hear “you have to b*”
what a beautiful soul
Can somebody tell me the song being played from 15:00-15:25
Pretending to be perfect is perfectly fine. For all the individuals who are perfectly fine and grew up with money and never fell on hard times and had trust funds and had too much fun with their full time dads. I have never had it easy and fuck you if you don't believe me and fuck me for crying over spilled milk that I never planned on drinking ...  This was the one piece that made me feel it very close to me. Being raised in a world where it's not easy, and the fact that no one talks about it and helps overcome through the difficult times of what is the struggle,  thank you jhene,  for finally talking about this
This is so beautiful I cried the entire time I have a twin brother and we’re very close I felt your pain 💜
whats the song at 15:33?
In tears thank you J. YOU INSPIRE ME AND OTHER POETS. May your bro R.I.P
LOVE LOVE LOVED ITTTTT #Myinspiration.. especially when it comes to my music
All you can do is 😪😭😪😢😥 \nThen you 🤗😏🤗😏🤗 \nCause as she found some inner peace ✌️ \nShe helped you find yours on the low 💁🏽☺️\nRest In Peace to her brother & love ones ☝🏽
How lovely
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️‼️
❤❤
Damnnn jhene always making me cry
😩😍 Beautiful
11:51 😩🔥💯
I Stan u affff
Wow, so beautiful! ❤️
ART.
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=25014
Jhené Aiko has me open....So many emotions pouring out
I LOVE YOU
Thanks.
Love you, Jhene! ♥️
🙌
Jhene Aiko as a cartoon omg. Literally the cutest thing ever!
😍😍😍😍
This chick is talented ...
I love her !
Big Sean better watch out
😕
Simply beautiful! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Masterpiece😢😍
beautiful soul 😭❤️
More memory movies ❤️😍
This is amazing
Wow.
I love her ❤️
I didn't cry
sooo did the brother die?
This is the true feeling when you have depression. She nailed it. Together we can overcome depression. It will not win because I am strong. Love you jhene
Lowkey love this version of while we're young better
I was crying like a baby.
What's the first song
I need that song at 15:06😭
Jhene be high asf 😂😩❤️
https://youtu.be/tRNkdX3vBbY
Love
Thank you.
WHOS DIGGIN THE FALL LOOK?! I cant wait to film more OMG!
Yassss ❤️😍
I love tutorials !!!!
Follow for follow instagram camiiiifernandaa
Pleassseeee more tutorials😩 ❗️❕
Your gsy
Busted ass makeup
i love the cranberry vampy look!
Same look
More fall looks!! 🍂🍁😍
I love and miss tutorials!!!!
I'm so ready to wear hoodies SAAAAME!!!💙💙💙
I could seriously watch your tutorials all day! I prefer them over reviews
Manny... I LOVE your tutorials. I'm makeup challenged. In otherwords, I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. But I try my best. I love, love, love you Manny. You and your videos make me feel more confident as I go along and learn. You help out us makeup challenged. Love you Manny...keep up the good work.
Honestly don’t care about the views or anything. Film what makes you happy. Ill be here to support you no matter what. CUZ YOURE FUCKING QUEEN BITCH
who thinks he should do a cheating prank with jeffree star boyfriend nate
I really enjoyed the video! And you're funny
OK MANNY I SEE YOU👀👀😍😍 first off i LOVE that you add bloopers at the end now there great😂 anyway I agree more tutorials but that dosent mean I don't like your reviews there's just been a lot lately but I know that you've been going to makeup things and getting products so u wonna do a review! No matter what u post tho just know I'll be watchin! Love u Manny💜
I love reviews. It gives us an idea of products can work for us. I saw this video pop up and I forgot to watch it, but I actually went through timeline to look for this video just because it a vampie look & I wanted to know what lip color you were wearing.
Lol I didn’t find this grungey
That looks really amazing! I couldn't pull it off. Also, I just want to say, thank you so much for making videos. Your content makes me smile and helps me practice. You are a bright light on Youtube!
I've missed the tutorials!! I always go to YouTube to see whatchu guys got going on rn in the makeup world and get ideas of how I wana do my makeup for the night. But no ones been posting tutorials as much lately, so it's nice seeing tutorials being posted.
Shave your 5 o'clock shadow before making a makeup video
I love tutorials. I miss them so much.
YAAASSSS, BABY! Living for this look, amor ♥️
I love tutorials. I have watched hundreds! Every one is different and I find new techniques or color combos with each one. You crack me up!
You should make more tutorial
I used to seek out the tutorial videos and will still watch and enjoy them, but honestly I'm kind of over the reviews now.  It seems like everyone reviews the same product at the same time, and says the same things.  And frankly, the comment sections are so full of hate lately.  :-(   The videos I really enjoy now are the GRWM's just because I feel like those are more a conversation.  That's just my opinion.
Manny reminds me of Chris from Yuri!!! on Ice.
Please do a look using cats pajamas!!!!! 😻
I also love tutorials no matter whattt especially when new products come out they are always helpful and you can actually see the look and decide if you really want something or not! Yay for more fall tutorials! 👌🏼🙌🏼🍁🍂💛
I live for this look!!!! Yasss Manny come on with the fall tutorials!! You always come through with the bomb ass looks! Love you 💜
I like when you do a product review (especially shadow palettes) like you did here.  I'm not as into the silly games and challenges.
Honestly, I prefer to watch tutorials. Seeing 100 reviews on the same products gets pretty old pretty fast.
I want to see some forest green lipstick on you,  babe and see what you pair it with for the eyes
reviews are great but tutorials are great for us to learn and to try new looks! way better than review videos!
I like to watch people apply makeup, idk why but it's kinda relaxing
I love these makeup tutorials. Sometimes I get sucked into the hype and buy a brand new makeup pallet with great reviews and once I get my hands on it---it's like I don't know what to do!!! Please don't ever stop making these type of videos!!! They'll never get old!!!
Love it! I’m pale though so I haven’t been able to grow big enough balls to wear darker shades! How do you tell what works for your skin tone and what doesn’t?
fuck yes! i've been waiting for a good tutorial <3 i think you tied in the review of the pallet really well. good balance of the tut and review b.
I love tutorials, I know views count..but this is what I miss most from the people I subscribe too. Thank you!
Why does the Desert Dusk Palette and the Rose Gold Palette both have Angelic in it. Is this common practice?
honestly i love tutorials more than reviews bc i love when yall talk about whats going on in yalls life like yes boo tell me how ur day went 😤
When I saw you on Instagram and on other social media, I kinda expected you to be like one of those super loud, obnoxiously energetic youtubers but MAN, you surprised me being so chill.\nI dig it, like, really. You seemed so nice and laid back from the first word you said. Just made me wanna keep watching.\nJust another proof the first looks can be deceiving :)
You are just too beautiful
I watch beauty gurus to get inspo for my makeup. I also watch to learn about new products and new technique. Not to watch them use some glow in the dark highlight or magnetic eyelashes that are so not practical for the average makeup lover.
yes manny kill it 😻❤️
He always fucking slayin' 😩😮😰💖💖💖
I really miss tutorials!!!!! Don’t get me wrong I love reviews and all the cool “lets test this weird makeup product” type of videos ,etc. but lately I find that those are really the only videos that anybody’s been doing nowadays. Tutorials are my FAVORITE videos to watch and the reason why I started REALLY getting into makeup as well as start my own beauty channel . I’m not saying that tutorials are the ONLY videos that anybody should be doing but it would be nice to see channels spice it up and have a mixture of reviews, first impressions, AND tutorials as well as whatever other videos a YouTuber wants to make. But that’s just MY personal opinion! Many wont agree with me and that’s okay but many others will agree with me and that’s okay too!! Everyone is entitled to their own opinions and tastes in videos and thats great but I would personally like to see more tutorials !
please do more tutorials 😘
Best drugstore brow products?
Omg so ready
Love you 😘😍
looks soo juicyy
SLAYY QUEEEN
Enough of at swearing 😠😠
I personally like both but I prefer old school YouTube and tutorials. \n\nEvery time you said Ro-coco I kept thinking you go Glenn CoCo!
LMMFAO!!! Thank God for fags and drag queens... everyone needs a good laugh...🤣
I wish you could do my makeup for homecoming 😭😭💖
Yes I want more tutorials, I miss them so much. Sometimes reviews aren’t as entertaining bc u can’t go run out and buy everything, but for tutorials u can try and mimic the look with what u already have. Love ur videos, xox
I love tutorials! especially fall ones 😍
More tutorials, less first impressions. I don't like when you guys tell me how it feels on application and shit. Tell me how it wears after using it for a week or 2 because makeup can very frequently seem nice at first but be a total mess after wear tests. I know tutorials are boring for you and Laura but we come on here for them not 5 minute videos you film about one product we can't afford
I just started youtube! whoever subscribes to me and likes my recent video, I will subsribe back and like back
personally I love tutorials and thats all I watch I tend to avoid the gimmicky videos
THE WAY HE SAID OUD I’M HOWLINGGGG😂😂😂😭
Absolutely love you! 😍
I love drugstore tutorials. Those are guaranteed a watch because I love to see products in action before I buy them.
I miss all the tutorials!!!
Why are views so important? I understand getting a bigger paycheck, but we respect people who upload whatever the hell they want to upload! Do whatever feels good for you. I like both styles of videos :)
I like that you have embraced your little giggle haha ily
Love tutorials!! I really enjoy seeing the different colour combos using palettes.  I seem to get stuck in the nude rut a lot so seeing the way others use colours inspires me! Stay gorgeous everyone! xo
Do views really matter that much?
you are so good at doing makeup! I love it.
i just love manny so much omg he's just so excited about stuff & just amazing !! ahahahaahaha ily <3
i love your tutorials!!! MORE PLEASE! :)
Tutorials with your opinion on products! Especially with new products that everyone is buying, like Jaclyn x Morphe, Cats and Pajamas, Androgyny, etc etc 🖤🖤 those pallets have so much potential for so many different looks!
Can you please do a look with out liner? Please
You should do full face of Milani, I use their primer, highlight, and blush☺☺
Manny pleaaase buy a makeup themed mystery box and do a full face from it! I would love to watch that!
I totally miss makeup tutorials. They are one of my fave videos. Just sucks how much YouTube is changing
I like when there are weird product reviews and whatever else, but I don't feel like anyone films with the same palette twice anymore. If I see another first impressions 'review'... 🙄..
I mean I like reviews so I know whether or not to buy something BUT I also love tutorials on my less creative days. What I really love is how y'all are kind making a mix of the two. Like when you do a first impression and let us watch you create a look. That's what I live for.
LOVE THE LOOK BY THE WAY. LOVE YOUUUUU MANNYYY
I've replayed manny saying noooo to the glittery shade 10 times... SO FUNNY
OH MY GOSH! was that a tiny red poodle in the bloopers!? SO FREAKING CUTE!
Manny!!! Try the Jordana black Pearl Metallic Matte liquid lip colors and review please. Its found at Walgreens drug store
I love tutorials but I also love reviews so basically anything bc your just so perfect 😍😘❤️
See this children....\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThis is how snowflakes are made
do a natural makeup tutorial
I love tutorials so much because they always spark inspiration
I personally love tutorials!!! I look for tutorials when I seat down to watch Youtube . so yes more tutorials!!!!
What are you gay or something?
that fall look is so pigmented
How do you do your animated intros?
Oi manny please please do a fall eye look using the morphe 35f bitch !!
is it just me or does MannyMua remind me of Sam Smith❤️ ps i love you Manny🖤
I wish youtubers would at least do tutorials once a week! In my eyes that's what YouTube was all about when it started getting popular I know that's why I started watching, would love to see more in debt tutorials on how to do stuff!
I find watching tutorials really inspires me to do my makeup.. I've really missed them
I love your turorials Manny! Keep them coming, I can never get bored of you.
Defs more tutorials. Or more in-depth reviews. So like the 3 day wear test that nikkia joy does under different primers/powders. All day wear tests on new products out on the market. Gym proof make up. Clubbing proof make up. I'm a nurse and I don't get time to touch up during the day so I'd love to know what's gonna stay put on my face and not look like a hot mess that I feel like on the inside after my shift. \n\nDoing make up in the car park just before you walk into work looks\n\nProducts you use to touch up with when you're on the go. Loose powders vs pressed. \n\nThree looks one eyeshadow palette. Day to night one palette looks. (Royalties please on that one 😛 haha I'm kidding) \n\nWhat you'd keep in your handbag to keep looking flawless while out. (I am keeping in mind you probably don't have a handbag and would use Laura's 😛)\n\nHand/body creams you can't live without or your flavour of the month. \n\nFace masks of the month.\n\nYour pamper night routine. \n\nThis testing out weird products could be saved for a once a month kinda thing. We can sniff out what's gonna be shit house(*cough* magnetic lashes) Like what actually worked or how you got it to work not just Ah it's crap guys, don't recommend gets a bit redundant seeing everything weird fail.\n\nOr when you do a haul/ pr unboxing actually try that shit out on camera. Not the look what's in my shopping/pr bag videos. Or splice it in two parts. One just showing what you got and the other half using the products. We hear you're excited to use products but we don't really get to see how they went. You'd be surprised, I'd probably watch a video of you rubbing creams on your face and commenting on the smell. \n\nJust a wish list I'd like to see more of in general from beauty youtubers. \n\nVery aware you may never read this but there ya go.
When she calls him honey❤️
you could make a lookbook based off of your favorite movie characters <3\nyou could also make a vlog-type video taking us shopping with you (clothes, makeup, knick-knacks, etc)\n\nlove you arden! =)
i feel like you guys are ridiculously pretty and cool and your lives are codirected by will (a costar) and wes anderson and i just want to see you guys browse the accidental wes anderson subreddit while a 360 degree tracking shot happens around your perfectly symmetrical table while you’re wearing bright red button ups and watercoloring yellow tents
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH!! ALL THOSE STARTER PACKS LMAO
1. Driving with Arden and Will (love y'all together!)\n2. Fall favorites\n3. Try something new/different (could be foods or an activity)
yes 10/10 would watch more like this
The I'm not interested starter pack is me when I'm interested lol maybe thats why everyone stops talking to me
i liked this alot
Looking for a new channel to watch?! Great me too so check out mine and you won't be disappointed! :D
Loved this! Please do more together. This is probably one of my favourite videos from you Arden & Will - thank you 😊
pj liguori background music i'm living
I would love if you guys did this style with your podcasts
Reddit is a great, fun place. I would love more videos like this!
HOneY !!! make this a series plssss
THIS IS HIGH QUALITY CONTENT
Ironically I feel like a how to keep productive video or how to have a relaxing evening or a how to de stress vid would be cool I think you will do well with those because I haven't seen many done before!
Do a video reacting to your old videos! or your first video
This was fucking precious and hilarious
Ah! Some great subreddits to check out: malicious compliance // prorevenge // tales from retail
I would watch a weekly one of these not gonna lie
THANK U YESSS U FINALLY MADE A VIDEO WITH WILL THIS IS WHAT I LOVE MOST
this is one of my favorite videos you guys have made
Never seen Arden high until now
this is some quality content right here
this should be a weekly installment
What are you actually doing with your life
Your shirt looks like my school uniform
Arden you should just become a meme reaction channel
omg will 6:·0 did you.. lied to me? so cuteeee you guys i love your relationship and maybe some videos about decorating and ikea and things like that and maybe some cooking videos we all loved you guys together!! so easy you just gotta be yourself and make videos we really watch this channel nd will's because we love you :) greetings from Mexico also, if you would like to use your platform for help I would really appreciate it, with the earthquake things has gotten pretty serious a lot of people are homeless now and a lot of people still burried under the buildings :( even little kids :( if you would like to share info about donation of curse you can make sure the site and info is true i would suggest donating via amazon, unicef and carlos slim foundation, red cross you sharing the links really means the world to us Arden. :( love from México!
I love seeing both of your reactions, it was cute yet hilarious. Do some more of these meme videos +ardenrose
Wait this was so entertaining to watch thank you for posting omg
Does anyone else feel like Arden is more obnoxious when will is around? Like she laughs at nothing. I like memes but most of these were just ok
Please do this again I loved this so much 💕
Superman had an Earth dad so it kind of makes sense.\n\nI think the joke is more Batman's parents (but he's pictures as a kid when he may have had a mom).
Make a video with Andrea!!
Pleaaaaase keep doing this, i loved it
You could do the Closet Confidentional tag x
I NEVER FELT SO SINGLE IN MY FRICKIN LIFEE
Who else thought it was Brad Hall in the thumbnail?
The woman seems more like of a boyfriend than the guy.
sex pistols poster in the background 😍
you're out of his league... just saying.
Girl great vídeo. Could you make some more about adult life? 🖤
Will looks like a combo of Austin Butler and Bill Skarsgard which is NIIICE & Arden is so flippin beautiful!!
would seriously love another week in my life vid or something of the sorts
Do a video on your jewelry! Loved this video😀
more! i loved it
i fucking loved this content holy shit
I loved this because I'm too lazy to open reddit by myself HEE HEE
The kind of content I signed up for. 👌👌
make this a series
It's okay I'm from Cornwall... and in Truro I saw a guy shouting from a roof once in Lemon Quay for hours.. Cornwall news is odd
where is your top from? its amazing
haha tru tru! I've never been to reddit. My life is so much better thanks!
yay I loved this and all the banter!!
The Truro from that article is actually in Canada. I've been there and, believe me, it's not a beautiful city
I like this a LOT. A lot a lot.
i would love to see a vinyl collection video by arden
I need more than one like button for this video
Honestly I was screaming and snorting. I never once snorted in my life
Ahahahah they're like Ethan and Hila but the world hasn't broken them
You guys are like cute grandparents 😂😂😂😂😂
MAKE MORE OF THIS PLZ
please do this again and again and again
Ooh do this more!! It's super funny!!!
Baking videos! Vlogs (I love when y'all do that), playlist videos (like what you're listening to now)!!!
this is like the perfect video i need on youtube, couples just laughing at memes while wearing nice clothes.
I feel like this is a really good and funny video segment of Crash On My Couch, loved it
wow I can't wait till y'all get married
You two are such a sweet couple! Travel videos are always cool, but even little videos about exploring your city are always fun to watch. You could do your take on the old home videos that parents would make to capture your life at this moment in time. Discuss movie reviews of what you should actually watch that's out in the theaters right now. If none of those seem like a good idea maybe opt for videos on your option about today's society (societal pressures, observations you've made, fashion, androgyny). Also you could do a video comparing your upbringing with Will's and seeing how it was affected by the country you grew up in :)
This was hilarious! I haven't laughed this hard at a video in ages. Please do more 👌🏻
DO IT MORE
More please!!
PEEJ MUSIC
Loved this. Haha
💛💛💛
I liked it
:> http://fuckyeahdementia.com/
PROCREATE TUTORIAL\n\n\nBOOK FAVS EVERY MONTH\n\n\nMONTHLY FAVOURITES\n\n\nWEEKLY VLOGS HELL YAAS\n\n\nAUTUMN TAG
Normfags
I WANT THAT LAZY OAF SWEATER SO BAD
10 minutes... AND 1 GODDAMN SECOND!!!
Yesssss
r/shittyrobots gives me life
I love Reddit. GIMME MORE! :)
it was so funny when you realized what the condom said but then re realized that it had a donut jajajajaja make it a series who cares
Yup just explored the world of Reddit for over half an hour thank you Arden! Love you and your videos so much! A part two of this would be great. Your videos are great and also I love seeing you and Will together you guys are so cute!!!
I can confirm Truro is lit .... I live there soooo
i can't understand how people can literally laugh out loud looking at those
is it just me or is arden so much more extra than usual in this video i love it i couldn't stop laughing
Lolol I loved this, pls do more
r/surrealmemes is neat
arden make an asmr video!!!!! an asmr makeup video !!!! hahahahah
Absolutely hilarious!
A FAVORITE MOVIES VIDEO in which both of u talk about ur fav movies of aaaaaaall time and fav movies of the year!!!
Please do a million more of these. Arden + Will + Memes = a good time
Redducation
Reddit education..... reducation
MORE MORE MORE MORE
keep this shit cumin
Liam Payne's voice is sexy
If u love Liam and Zedd leave a like
Zedd and Liam looks like they are twins or brother, lol
Do you see Fear of god ?
0:14 I thought Liam was going to pop out of the trunk
guitar bros on the streets be careful Zedd is gonna get your dimes at the Subway LOL
Damn the girl in the beige was really feeling it 😏😏
you love you music me forever
do they realle need the bags?
I'm actually obsessed with this song and you guys
the lyric is fascinating! #BOOM!
I'm in love with it bruh
Uhhhhh I can't do this 😍
they both look like brothers
Down for that hair!
Same old street, but in different day....
This song is so shit Zedd go back to electro house its far more original.
M i the only one who noticed Liams jacket 'Fear of God' same as zayn's in still got time!
what is meaning  get low some helpsssssssssssssssssssssssss\nsome one hereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Damn they look like twins. Btw song is liiit💔😍😍😍😍😍
I loooooooooooove this so much. We all love you and are so proud of you liam
'Strip that down' for me, so we can 'Get kid's on the 'Bathroom floor'
to the girl wearing the hijab : gurlllll you rock!!!!
He attac\nHe protect \nBut most importantly he a snac
Zedd, Liam Payne are enjoying so much .....nd me too......  i love them
Who has actually seen sing in the streets!
Even a girl wearing a headscarf is shown in the front row singing and cheering.\nGood effort by Liam Payne.Highly commendable.Beautifully breaking cheap streotypes with his great music.
one thing music video
It just made me feel so happy ❤  #goodvibes
Do they look alike or is it just me?
omg.. this is the best thing  you have donee.. i wish i was theree too... keep going with the good work! love you❤
ok, liam. you really looks like justin timberlake in here.
I just loved the way the video began!!
Who's the hottest?\nLike=Liam\nComment=Zedd
was anyone in the video?
Zedd just seems so genuine and nice and innocent
I clicked soo fast just because i saw that : Zayn,Liam Payne-Get low\nBut ........................Zeed still 😊 (Pls don't kill me )
What if they sang at jump city, norrisville and middlesburg...et cetera
King of pop Michael Jackson Video Here Friend🔻 subscribe▶🔀♥🔜⏩\nhttps://youtu.be/O9jCcy_5TxA\nhttps://youtu.be/p6_0QnxDVb4\nhttps://youtu.be/1_UKIynSZNg\nhttps://youtu.be/gnz5PUVZIFo\nhttps://youtu.be/yz0BdkC479s\n\nBeautiful Girls Dance Video Here⏩⏩⏩➡🔝🔝▶▶\n\nhttps://youtu.be/_lyaYIWN67\nhttps://youtu.be/GsFQmm8r6jQ\nhttps://youtu.be/n0R36TStVdU\nhttps://youtu.be/MuWWYQ02y_o\nhttps://youtu.be/VC3GKBL7CKw\n\nWwe Latest Video Here↘↙⏬⬇🔻🔻▶https://youtu.be/AZKZJjlxDOs\nhttps://youtu.be/vQlcaylhAwA\nhttps://youtu.be/VaDFFkp0--k\nhttps://youtu.be/XrxGckoeojc\n\nIndian girl Rapped video Here🔻🔻🔻▶https://youtu.be/VYd1WbB6OS0\nhttps://youtu.be/E1JB_ZPQ8-g\nhttps://youtu.be/j5rSktcnerw\nhttps://youtu.be/hX7qtE8yNss\nhttps://youtu.be/VVwz8C3bKBA\nhttps://youtu.be/1LE8IoG1zBE 🔻🔻🔻▶🔺🔺
Literally thought this was Nick Jonas when I heard it...
Any army’s here?, & i love liam so much oh god my hearteu is gonna explode
*Well here we have the lost brothers!!!*
That was a lot of fun. Woo Liam!! Him with the little girls was too cute, he's got a baby boy at home. At the 3:10 mark, wasn't that the bridge in the Midnight Memories 1D video? Aw!
Why is everyone talking about Zayn? They both are pretty good friends so they probably decided to wear the same shirt, biggy! CAN WE PLEASE TALK ABOUT THE SONG, AND HOW GOOD It IS!!!!
This is weird because in London nobody cares about nobody hahaha..is a city of zombies
They r good friends I wish they stay like this forevr 😄
Aye this is a bop
Also Zedd looks like Liam Payne's younger brother
I love Liam's smile😍
loved liam's voice
kinda reminds me of one thing MV lol
I misread. I thought it said Zayn, Liam Payne\nWhy?!?!
king 👑
OMG I love it !!!
SU SONRISITAAA
I was there😍
“繊細でタフ”は空耳でもそう聞こえたw
:'v
omg all my dreams come true
Ue cadê o :  BORON BOM BOM DU DORON DORORON ?
really look like brothers
Who else keeps getting those VEVO ads?
1:56 Dane Liam!!! 😍😍
P R O U D
😍😍😍
zedd I fucking love u
simplemente...PERFECTO!
Wow 💃💃💃
01:58 Cara Delevigne?)
*1, 2, 3 , FLICK*
Love this
OMFG IM SHOOK 2 DADDIES IN ONE VID
Fear of God? Zayn caption this
I THOUGHT IT WAS ZAYN OMIGAWD
Heart of gold
This is bloody amazing
😍😍
I was there !!
They look like they're relatives omg
Wow so cccoolll😍
2:04 boy wearing jake paul merch?
😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
😍😍😍
Get Low baby 😉😊😋😍😘😎
Stupid people.
i like this 😍😍😍
can't stop listening WTH !!! <3
lol at the hijabi
I likeeeee it.
Hot dancers
like,wow
omg ! Zedd is so cute
Love this song 😍😍
Best ever
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa73uYycj0RTKnWzhDi-imA?view_as=subscriber\n\nLove it!
They confused me
Been here for LIAM aince 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OMG finally a video in which Zedd smiles😱❤️❤️
Liam is cute ❤
Luv u sooo much @Liam from @Pakistan
This looks devine! I can't wait to try this, but we are having 92 degree weather and too hot for me to have soup! thanks so much for this awesome recipe.
Laura I would love for you to make chocolate dough like cinnamon rolls with maybe a peppermint filling for Christmas?
You're trending'
Laura I was unable to find this recipes ingredients by the episode number or by the name of the recipe on your site😢. Will it be there soon?
Looks so good. And those white bowls are super cute as well.
I have missed you i need to click the bell rn
Why don't you compete in Masterchef?
Can you cook the spicy chicken quesadilla soup by Campbells
I got here from food wishes
what a great recipe for fall and winter!!! cant wait to make this!!
I looks delicious Laura, I love soups so I’ll definitely try this one
Laura I can't wait to try this soup 🍜 😋 so delicious mouthwatering
congrats on the weightloss, you look amazing!
Hey Laura! Can you please show us how to make hokkaido cupcakes? pretty please😊 Thank you!
Does anybody just watch these to gain an appetite?
Hi Laura, great job on being#30 trending video on YouTube.
Y U M. Colder weather here, we're making this.
I see why Americans are all obese 😂😂😂😂
In case anyone is looking for authentic Mexican food. It doesn't contain Cumin lmao
What size is that Dutch oven ? 6qt? Or bigger??
The soup looks realllllly good! I also want to know where the bowls are from! Love them!
Laura in my bed
I cannot find measurements of ingredients
Girl...you had me at black beans. This is so gorgeous, can't wait to try :)
Thank you for sharing!!!!!!!!!! I'm gonna try to do it this....
Recipe looks good but here is a better one from the Southwest..do everything she does except don't buy the jar stuff...use one can 10oz Rotel tomatoes with chilies. Also, make a roux first...then add chicken stock. Add Monterey jack, cheddar, a pint of 1/2 and 1/2. \n\nRecipe is from full moon Cafe in Oklahoma! Best chicken fajita soup ever..
What were the spices you used?\nSeems like that would be the most important part of the recipe.
I can't find the actual recipe😕 I bought everything to make it but don't know how much of what lol
Watching this delicious soup on first day of fall.
This looks delicious... where is the white bowl(s) from? I love this one!
Love that you gave the time and temp options for the slow cooker as well... makes it easy for meal prepping so I can cook one of your recipes on the stove while I have another in slow cooker :-)
Yum I will def be making this but with thigh, so much more flavour and not stringy
Perfect for this random gloomy LA weather thank you!!
can you please show us how to make dutch stroopwafels? :)
You should have shown us the chicken before you too it out.
I just saw you on Bobby Flay!!!!!! I was so excited lol
This looks delicious, but somehow I think the taste  is like chili because of the ingredients and the spices. Thanks, Laura I really enjoy your recipes, a friend from the USA recommend your channel and already 4 years I am a big fan and I bean learn English so I can write here, Is no perfect but anyway!!
Looked great until the black beans. Any subs?
I have most of these ingredients at home. Oh yea, making soup tomorrow
beautiful Laura...you have me drooling again...I can almost smell it..................pat
This seems perfect for fall, cold, and rainy weather. Thanks Laura
I am looking forward to this soup.
Why aren't you on the Food Network?
Laura. girl you made another amazing dish just made it for my self !! So good. \n\nI have a question can you make pesto lasagna I think it called Verdi lasagna. My friends made it for me in Italy and it was amazing!! But I look forward to getting your recipe.!  Kept it up. Have fun in Italy 🇮🇹
Thank you. I'm going to try this only use kidney beans instead I love your recipes.
Show us how big Mia has gotten!!
You can also make this with kidney beans
Hi Laura very nice 😊 need to try it...
Laura post the recipe !!! I just went and bought all the ingredients but what do I do now ? I know I'll mess it up 😂😂
Honestly Laura cracks me up I love this channel
im gonna make this in my instant pot on friday! :)
Where did she get the Dutch oven cuz I need one :)
Faith and foodies. Please watch and subscribe to my latest episode!!
Mmmmm can't wait to try this recipe when it cools down 😋 btw I love your insta stories ! Lol
Laura your channel feels like home
Wow. I am loving this camera. Never surprises how much of a difference it's making to the program.
Now i can't wait for winter...JUS FOR THIS SOUP 😋
How tp make that salsa at home bc its not available in our country in so much variety
YUM!    I make Chicken Fajita Soup my 6yr old loves it! The difference is I use chili beans instead of black beans and I add a can of corn and a can of petite dice tomatoes, going to try with the salsa next time I make it
Hey Laura, where can I get that red pot you have? I want to buy it :)
This looks amazing!! I'm definitely making this one!!!
Love this dish.And it's one of those recipes that you can get versatile with.
Making in my slow cooker for dinner tonight, house smells wonderful.
If you're impatient and don't have a lot of time get an Instant Pot. ;-)
Hi Laura, the soup looks great. I'll have to try it one day for my family. I was wondering when you was going to give us an update on Mini Laura it would be great to see how much she has grown since the time you introduced her to us. I am only subscribed to your YouTube channel. I don't do any other social media sites. Just asking. :-) BTW...can you do a chimmy chaunga recipe( However its spelled...lol)
Very good. I like it
Looks wonderful, thank you very much Laura for posting👍
Please, do some more one pot and slow cooker recipe?
Your videos have the best resolution I've ever seen.
This would be great with a rotisserie chicken.
Laura, can you make a lamb recipe please??
Você é muito simpática
ummmm...looks great
Make Menudo next!!!
Add hominy for extra flavor, diversity, and servings!
Trending 62k views lmao what a joke
That looks really delicious😛 yum!
Yum
How did you thinly slice the chicken breasts?
Laura's👁👁are gorgeous❤️😍😍
Love your soup!! :)
Beautiful baby
Looks amazing
Omg. she lost so much weight 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
hello beautiful Laura🌹😘 I wanna taste your chicken fajita soup tonight..👍 Looks yummy😋
Mmmmm
Looks yummy. Can u do buffalo chicken frittata
Yummy
MAGICAL INGRIDIENT\n\nUNICORN POOP😂😂😂😂😂🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄
Looks great!!
That looks good!!
Super delicious😍
Fantastic.
It looks hardy and filling, thanks for sharing
Laura, where can I find those bowls?  Those would be great to have this winter for soups and gumbo.
My fish died:( like I’m dead serious:(
Looks soo good but sooo much sodium
Perfect for winter.. can’t wait to try .. but how can I substitute chicken to a veggie version..?
Is she pregnant?
Or on high, for 46 hours.......okay.. If you say so... XD 3:23
The guy is riddled with insecurities
attention whore alert
Comes off like a bit of a bullshit artist
This guy is dumb as fuck
this guy is so full of shit
Some guys have lost 12 million \nThere are people who have lost wayyyyy more....
Douche
Guy seems like a total arsehole and all his money is from his dad who's nothing more than a white collar criminal
I wouldn't be superseded if half his story's are made up.
Obnoxious cunt
at least he can fuck your wife better then you
This guy is super full of himself , every time I see this guy i say he can't get worse...im wrong
Dan is a fucking idiot who is famous because all his money he had that from his dad lmfao.
What a funny guy haha, wish i lived his life
Bilzerian's the man
Stories just as real as his big legs\nLUL
Would love to hear from these people that he actually paid of losing bets. His face turns red the more he talks. I lost 6 million on a coin flip but sweating a guy trying to row across the Atlantic and break a world record gtfo. Ask any poker pros before 2014 nobody knew who you were or ever seen you in Vegas. The guy has $0 tournament winnings. Buys into cash games takes a couple of pics and leaves after a hour of walking around
This guy is the definition of a meat head.  What a fucking idiot.
THIS GUY IS SUCH A TOOL. SWEATING 30 DAYS BECAUSE OF 500.000 DOLLARS, THAT TELLS ALL ABOUT THIS RICH KID. JUST WAIT AND SEE WHEN NEXT YEAR HE IS GIVING INTERVIEW HOW HE LOST ALL HIS MONEY IN GAMBLING!
I don't care that he's rich, I hate the way he shows it off and how he spends it so recklessly
and so? you want a medal?
It's important to consider all of the facts before finalizing a decision.
Allen Iverson!!!!!
Damn bro... Come on man
Piece of garbage, he could pay me less to fight a pack of hyenas and he'd get his F'n money's worth while drinking whatever overpriced swill he drinks.\n\n\nBut if I survived the hyenas, I'd soooo want to shove hyena meat down his throat...
dan ur the man
This guy will eventually die because of his careless life style. That or he will go broke
this guy needs to take shrooms
thumbs up if you have no idea why lily is hitting everything but you love it anyway x
Oh my god, the kid on the bike. I am crying!
Omg where’s the footage of the boy falling off his bike?😂😂😂
I literally love the way yous talk and there was non :(((((
the kid falling off the bike 😂
Hahahaahahahahaha I can't stop laughing, at that kid on the bike and I feel mean 😫😫😫😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Please don't apologise for doing the accent. True fans will love you unconditionally babe
I fucking love lily man
Lilly is literally my mood everyday 😂😂
Hey dal dying at lily hahahaha
7:29 I ACTUALLY PISSEDFGHJGFDSGJKFDSA
please do the mixed up makeup challenge
Hahahaha the sound affects when Skye tapped the elevator door!!! And btw I loved the accent you were guys were doing last vlog!!🙏
I loved your last vlog, I laughed so much, fk what everyone else says
If they don;t understand your accent they aren't true subscribers, qqqq <3
I was in New York the exact days you guys were too and I wanted to meet you so so much but I couldn't find you 😭😭😭 I LOVEEEE your vlogs and I don't know who the f**k said the other vlog was annoying bc I freaking love it when you guys talk like that it's so hilarious!😂😂 can't wait to see your other vlogs and videos ! Love ya ❤️
WHEN SKYE CAN ACTUALLY SING THAT AMAZINGLY
So I'm I the only one wondering who paid the bill?
You're so loaded look at your shopping omg 😍😍😍 goals
I couldn't think straight. Shani's looking f'n fantastic!!!
no i fucking love the voice its so funny i love you and all your friends x q
The little boy falling!!!😭😂😩
I'm literally dying at the sound effects in this video
When the hand comes in you already know it’s Lily’s 😂😂
Fuuuuuckkkkk some of the shit you say GENUINELY cracks me up!!!!! Bindi come here now to the squirrel lmfao and the fucking sound effects I'm done
WHAT???? who was hating on the little accent? why would they??  i literally die every time you guys do that!! i even got the hang of it and do it when im around friends LMFAOO
Lilly's lost the plot 😂😂😂
Does anyone know what is the story with Lily hitting everything?
'there's not much here' WHATTT I hope you looked at the statutes in Central Park like the Alice in Wonderland one?!! Love your vlogs guys :) <3
What’s the songs name ?
I love you in hats Michael, you should wear them more!! :)
Lily is too funny 😹 I was just eating breakfast and that kid falling off his bike was too funny I nearly spat my food out
I legit watch these blogs for the accent \nIt's that's funny
Michael please don't stop doing that accent as well as the rest of you guys it's literally the funniest shit Iv heard in ages and it's what makes you guys you! Legit my whole group and I all speak like that now it's so hilarious and if people don't want to hear you guys being you then they can LUTTRALEY FUCK OFF LIKE A CUNDLE STUCK YUH 😂💓💘💕💞 ALSO LOVE YOU @makeupbymichaelfinch
What's the girls name on YouTube that was in the lift at the start? xx
The whole reason i loved the vlog was because of the accent DONT STOP IT PLSSS LMAO
Lily is actually the best
Please make a complete haul of everything you have bought in America
FRANK WALKER FROM NATIONAL TILESSSSSS...... I cannot breathe
Are you gay or transgender?
your last vlog was good but yeah that talking yous did was really annoying ... glad this one is better xxx <3
Btw please NEVER stop adding sound affects, they are so funny
No way I love that accent is cracks me up every time, I'll have a shit day then I'll watch yours or theirs vlogs and it will instantly be better 😁
I LOVE THE WAY THEY TALK THOOO OMG 😭❤️
Nooo do the accents again they are the best
haha when the fucking kid fell and micheal did the edit OMG I died
The little boy remix I'm dying 😭😂
I love the accent ❤️
these videos make me so happy
Nooooo I LOVE the accent it's sooooo funny!!!!
Oh a squirrel I've never seen these in person. Can you feed it? 😂
Fuck that! I think the voice you guys do is hilarious it always cracks me up
omg keep the accent its the best thing ever !!!!<3
i love the accent ! it was so funny. those sound effects of lilly hitting things lmao \n\n(ps can you please do a general haul and not just makeup? like everything you bought in general. over it dal)\n\npps. your #30 on trending!!
First...the silliness from last vlog wasn't annoying at all lol second....the sound effects in this vlog had me dying
Omg you have never seen a squirrel before! They’re everywhere here in England ❤️
i literally love when you guys talk like that. it brightens my day. i’ve started doing it myself !! xx
I LOVE the accent!!
Bahahahaha ha \nOk so...I just smoked a bong before your vlog. And I'm sorry but that kid falling off his bike. !!!!!!! The timing!!!! I can't stop laughing 😂😂😂😂😂
Really really enjoyed this vlog! Normally I skip through vlogs but I loved the whole thing. So wish I could be your friend Michael haha you just have such a positive bubbly lighthearted aura which not many people have:) And you're looking great by the way:)
Beautiful !!! your ideas and the way you shoot the vlog. I am inspired for me next trip to NYC
I love that you're unapologetically you!! Such an inspiration x
Don't stop talking with that accent I love it?!!? Duuuuuuul xo
Omg no! I love it when you all do the accent thing! 😍❤️
aww the C train is the train line I take everyday
Just me who loves the accent so much! I literally cannot stop doing it myself! CYA 💅🏻😘
Someone should probably smack Lilly.. I mean is that how she is going to remember New York her smacking stuff.. I just hope you all got to see more; I feel like you saw 10 percent of NY...
Nearly at 600k!!
Disclaimer we helped him 😂😂😂😂😂
Cuz he's gay all the comments are sucking up to him lmao
T h i s   g u y   i s   S o  G A Y
Were they filming Dunkirk
Halooooo halooo frikkkkkkkkkkkin love this crew ( minions) best 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻✈️✈️✈️✈️❤️❤️❤️❤️
omg that kid!!!!!!!! LOL
Wow Lilly is annoying
Uk next?!?!!!!
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
fuck. what a faggot
Jealous we wanna hit Newwwww York
Lily hitting everything I'm dying hahahahhahaha
Wtf are those sunglasses
THE PUNCHING SOUNDS NOOOO I AM DONE HAHAHHAHAH
Are your parents proud?
THE BOY HAHAHAAHA
i love the accent dont stop plz thankq
the kid.... im dead!!
A truly vacuous person yuk.
babe your skin looks amaze
I LOVE YOU GUYS OMD
More vlogs!!!
Lily has me crying. AHAHAHHA
keep the accent
Wtf is that human?
Shani is so fucking pretty.
The fuck is this shite.
Fuck what people say, do that accent whenever you please. It's gorg qqqq 💗
I'm legit so offended they went to Applebee's for breakfast! 😂 AND they had to put actual effort into getting there! lol I can't.
lily is a crack up. her qwerks kill me
No noo no I love your vlog just the way it was ... ughh you don't have to change or do as people don't listen to the people who can't handle you guys we're not annoying I love it y'all were so funny in your first blog just as here with Thoes funny accent!!!
I think the accents were hilarious! DO URSELFS GUYS N DONT WORY ABOUT NO1 ELSE!
The look of utter joy on Gene’s face: just priceless! Never mind reunions, it’s just so nice to see you these two legends getting along so well.
Am I the only person in the world who would love to see an original lineup tour but WITHOUT the makeup and outfits?  man, I think that would be so cool and would lend some credibility.  I just don't think they look good in makeup at this age.  They look way better like this than all done up etc.
Chemistry these guys have it, seeing ACE clean healthy looking great, there is only one Ace ,  no dis to Tommy but dude you can copy a Rembrandt and it can look great, but it will never be a true Rembrandt this how you play  Parasite ,
think kiss should make one more album with ace and then do what motley crue did, tour the world for that new album and end things on a high note that would be waaaaaay fucking cool
Fuck the haters!!! This is awesome!!!!
Yeah Baby!
BRING ACE BACK.
Frehley!! Simmons!! 😀😀😀😀
hay gene go eat a hot bowl of DICKS!
Gene was actually pretty gracious on that always pointing at Ace I thought it was pretty cool
when rock and roll was rock and roll and not bullshit like Madonna and Lady GA GA
He will go all the way to Minnesota to get attention to promote that ... ambitious... VAULT release he announced last week.
I think Gene's starting to look like Andre the Giant!!! Good to see him on stage with the Space Ace
forget a reunion, Paul can't sing anymore since that procedure and it's just sad to see in my opinion one of the greatest rock voices struggle to hit some of those higher notes, no thanks I've got great memories of them and him live and that's just fine with me, one of the greatest bands of my life.
That was awesome. After all the bad words from Paul and Gene, they have now both recently played with him. It's a good feel story. They will reunite again as Kiss but they don't need Peter. Those 3 guys were the band. Make it happen.
They’ll never reunite in makeup, but I sense another “Unplugged”, not sure about Peter but Gene Paul and Ace for sure.
You know, KISS takes a lot of crap from a lot of music fans. But this is a great song. And they actually had a good number of them throughout their career. Good performance here.
Esophagus\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSo great!
Gene actually looks pleased.
Seeing this kinda makes me want to see the original band without makeup...
Pure Fuckin Magic..classic im in a wheelchair and this made me get up and devil horn rock my neck off like a bobble head...yeah
At about the 4 minute mark Gene is checking to see if Ace still has it.
Just put all the b.s. behind and get the band back already . Ace you are the man and kiss is the band
kiss is Paul, gene, ace & peter!!!  not those 2 other wanna bees !!!!!
Clapping....\n..get peter and paul  in there and I'll give a standing ovation
This may be as close as we get to a reunion tour. A no make up tour would be good.
Great to see them together but as a loyal Original4Forever it still doesn't seem right without Peter\nMaybe his fued with Paul can end even if Pete's retired maybe do a show or two.
As a life long Kiss fan,  That was really cool!
hotter then Hell the original Ki§§
weird...Gene is more likable NOT as the demon.
I saw them after the morning show and ace is a true gentleman. All smiles while signing autographs.
BRING ACE BACK & THE MONEY IS THERE$$$$IMMMONS
That was so fucking awsome. Gene looks happy. That's hard to fake. Playing with old friends, gotta be an incredible feeling.
Ace sounds pretty good to me, it just flowed out of him. I wanted to break Genes finger so he couldnt point it at Ace no more. By the way,   Ace did write those songs all by himself, they added the band later!
Gene would be better off playing with Ace than Paul at this point.  Ace had the worst voice of any of the original members but he mop the floor with what little Paul has left, vocally.
It will be interesting to hear Eddie Trunk's take on this.
Paul must've been pissed off when he heard about this reunion performance....
Anyone can say what they like about Gene, but it's undeniable that he's a cool fucker. As is Ace. It'd be great to see them go out with a bang on a big tour with everyone that ever played under the name, Kiss.
Love to see Peter .Paul ,Gene, Ace do this w/o makeup just Rock n Roll they do not need all the pyro or makeup just PLAY
You can see the HOLY FUCK, I'M ON STAGE WITH ACE FREHLEY !!!!!!! look on the younger guys in the band. Great to see.
Bring back the Cat too!
He was kissing Ace's ass the whole show. Nothing from Gene Simmons ever seems real or sincere. He doesn't care about the fans or music, just making money
Heard from the guy who posted this video - he said that Ace was sober right before the show. So I was wrong to think he was drunk. My apologies Spaceman! You still do a hell of a good drunk walk for a sober guy :)
Kiss new merchandise I bought a Kiss bedpan at this show and my wife bought the Kiss three pack adult diapers and the Kiss denture glue
Good to see Ace and Gene put their differences aside for a good cause
Gene&Ace????  Wow!! what a lovely day!!!!\nmore exciting than original-KISS reunion :)
Gene will fire Paul and hire Ace
Those dudes can't play with Gene an Ace thier lazy slacks,thier too...loose that was more of a tight groove song Ace an Gene should have just had somebody in the back ground on rhythm...
Both Gene and Ace have let themselves go physically... such a shame... but hey... they still sound great!
How many more guitar players can they fit on a hat stage?
Just hearing Gene say Ace's name like that in the beginning makes me freaking happy. I'm glad in the end after all the bickering, they can still come together like none of that ever happened. I wish Paul was there to join them. That would have been amazing.
KISS REUNION PLEASE! A REAL FAREWELL TOUR !!! REAL KISS, REAL FAREWELL !!!
I enjoy seeing Ace play with other Kiss members on the friend level better than being in Kiss.  This way everyone is happy, getting along and want to be on stage together.
I grew up with this music. Some of the best hard rock ever written. Love it. damn sure would go see them in concert.
Finally found something good to say about Gene. At least he knows the songs.
Glad to see this happening. Gene wrote some songs with Ace recently, and it looks like they still have a pretty big spark playing together.
Be cool to see the pair tour?🤔\n\nJman👀
Ace is THE place with the helpful hardware man!
Do you know of the bands, KISS maid? Little help?
Bring back Ace! Time for another reunion tour!!!! F it, I'll go again.
a reunion again? Really? I don't know peter isn't doing well & recently retired.would I Like Ace to be FULLY on the next KISS CD? YES. but I doubt they will want to or agree on a full tour.
Do all aging metal heads sound like punk garage bands?  I'm not making fun.  After all, I like punk!
One of the BEST songs KISS ever recorded...
This shows that Gene is an amazing bass player. Most bass players just follow the drums without worrying about much, whereas Gene creates little melodies inside the songs as in Detroit Rock City, Deuce or Watchin' You. An all time great
The magics still there two Legends
i wish i was there
Holly crap, it's finally come!
So nice to see Gene and Ave together.
He still LOOKS GREAT GODDAMMIT-YOU GOTTA LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
Gene confused Ace with Peter about the ten inch thing
Ladies and gentleman. The real deal. 🤘
Gene loves to play music with Ace when Ace is sober. It looks like both are having a blast here. It would be great to see the original lineup just play without makeup on just play a concert in street closes.
Solo surprised me. very good
This is so good to see and hear. It's still there.
I love Ace but those rings might be starting to weigh his right hand down just a bit
Fuck yeah!!! I am loving Gena and Ace. This is fuckin awesome!!!
they sound 1,000,000 times better than the current fake KISS
oh man.. lets hope .. this is a good sign.
where's peter and paul?
It is always special when ANY of the original members of KISS get together and play...do it ONE MORE TIME guys...no makeup (never been done before with more than 2 original members), and bow out ON TOP.  Ace's tone is just...KISS.
And people complain about cell phones
Rachael Gordon in background Ace Frehley's Fiance.
Ace Frehley - funniest guy in rock!
Bring back ace!
Wow! This is AWESOME!
Ace is God , still fucking shredding
Awesome
Hell yeah!
Ace is still cool
Fuckin awesome!! !
This was awesome!
Epic
Gracias Dios por estas alegrías!!!
Magie ist - wenn alle Original Kiss Mitglieder rocken. Der Zauber ist unvergleichlich. Daher ist Kiss unersetzlich...es ist wie wenn man sein Seelenfreund trifft - einzigartig.
Ace needs to hang it up
It's official, Ace has sold out and betrayed people like me who despise that washed up sex addict, Gene Simmons. Respect for Ace at 0 now.
It's two buddy's jamming, bugger all the reunion stuff! They tried it, it failed. Kiss would not exist past 2000 if not for the current format, otherwise no one would be talking about 'fake' anything! I'm glad the original members are all still alive, unlike a lot of bands. The finale for the greatest rock band of all time will be memorable I'm sure!!! 🤘
Love ace but the intro was sloppy...you can clearly hear the other guitarist carrying ace....
Sounds like shit.
Hotter than Hell...best Kiss album
There movement is amazing for the City. Salute to these brothers
Glad some black men are doing something positive 💪🏽
Now this is huge!!!!!!!!!!!!!! West Coast Stand Up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's clear these two niggas be on some gay ass eating and fucking type shit too!!
This is why people make fun of yall.. Fucking idiots..
I kinda like the concept, especially if the food is good ! 🙈😋😍
Nigga in the background was not feeling it lol
I been fallowing these dudes for min. Shits real. Man y'all do ya thing.
See, THIS is what's up. Something positive! If they open something out here in NY, then I''d definitely be a customer. The food looks pretty good on their Instagram.
🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵\nHONOR & RESPECT AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL!
Salute to them brothas. May blessings and prosperity be permanent residents in ya lives !!
Angela a fool for that  Booking' comment lmao
I Know the white man piss lol
Lmaoooo!!! Mane I JUST met Spank last week at this event out here in LA. I had no idea he did this but he befriended me right out the gate & showed love just cuz I'm from Memphis. Dude 100
The purpose of these gangs originally was to protect our communities, let's get back to that!
Columbus Georgia down with it....
They still have their flags on though? Are they still in or out?
When black people learn that they need each other the better we will all become
Why does the dude next to envy always look like he's out of it? Get that man some coffee or a new job.
this is the most beautiful thing ever
This is amazing. SPANK is the boo!
The guy with the red bandana face, when he said a book book, he wasn't happy
Zero credibility when you say you went to cooking school to get out of gang banging but still gang hanging and repping gangs. Will not be supporting any business like this
Moms duke tired of me getting in trouble so... Nigga i chose culinary
I like how Envy is concious of he tells to not cuss 😂😂
Just a regenerated version of the Zealots and Sicarii when we were back in Israel much love.
this is really cool
Spicy mac and cheese! I need that!!
Bra this is super dope big up
He is this ? Chingy and shaq
This is so dope, unity is the key, lets work together and generate profit. time to build IN, and FOR our communities. We dnt need any more of our brothers blood spilled
The bandannas were necessary, I respect their hustle and hope they inspire other gang bangers to put the guns and get money the legit way. But I guess they had to make it visually stimulating for the viewers.
Damn they need to come to atl w the food truck!
C Tha God with another incognito positive message to the people. My man been making it happen behind the scenes, giving platforms to people who would otherwise never get it. Much respect to the man.
Now this is the Shit everyone needs to be showcasing and shedding light on! These dudes is on the way to a MILLION real quick. Great video great story great energy to put out to the world.
These brothers just proved 2 things to me.....no matter what city you in or no matter what you doing to achieve your dreams.....LEGAL OR ILLEGAL ......them white folks gone be there to try and stop yo black ass lol.....hearing these brothers got they shit LLC up, insurances up and professional is whats up.....2nd thing is stop hating on each other....the world is big enough for us all to get paper.....we're stronger together than against each other we just gotta find our own lane( Restaurant on Wheels)....then link up with like minds then unite with others in different lanes to expand and network .
Love this. Props brothers.
Good interview #Respect
I love this story! Everyone in this world has a gift. It's just up to you to tap into what your talent is. And to show people that we can get along.........wow! Love it!
Luv my people so much.This is gud for the community.
Much love to my brothers from CPT. Keep hustling
Why didn't the guy in the red talk?
CBM all as one I started that Crip blood movement
We got juicy j and Shaquille O'Neal 😂😂😂
Smfh...  Kill each other over colors. But can get past the gang shit when it comes to food? Y'all are confused.....
First of all.......... WE BLACK  - The Future , lets keep it going , Beautiful.
A real breath of fresh air honestly
These comments are ridiculous. Y'all talking about profanity and they gay. Instead that these are two young B L A C K men who are entrepreneurs who have the potential to unify Crips x Bloods. \n\nI'm proud of these brothas 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾❤️
I bout the book some bhicken right now
Blood didn't like that book book shit.
The blood dudes eyes move so damn fast lol he looks everywhere in a split second
Good shit breakfast club
School boy q n YG😄
Yooo I used to bloods periscope
Blood look like Juicy J
issa couple!
this was lovely
Much RESPECT   REDBLUE
#OMGTHEMOVEMENT
THEY FUCKIN OR NAH
Doubtful.
Dope!!!...#GIVEmeJESUS
Grown men fighting over colours.\nFck outta here!
This is beautiful.
Coping the cook book!
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=91513
You guys should interview Daddy Yankee
Sick
Envy a great dude my nigga.
yo this dope as shit
Loved this!! Rooting for these brothas success.
Love this
Love it
https://youtu.be/C-UCzJtO8Ck\nCheck it out
PRAISE GOD!
The Crip nigga said oh yea i love blueberries on my waffles lmaoo
this wpuld be an amazing boondocks episode
this shit fake
Homies over hoes
*Are уou lоокing for hot dаtеs in yоur nеighbourhоod?*

59X_zkBglEY,\n *Thеy hеrе ➤➤* http://edihero.ru/hot/?v=59X_zkBglEY_984479
💯it
Gotta support these dudes...
God Keep Blessings These Guys 💯💯💯
#amazing #awesome #salute #respect #blessings #congratulations #beautiful
a cook book? a book book
Black people love gangs
Good kids
I love seeing gangstas come together dope shit
YALLL ONNNNN YESSSS LORD 🙏🏾🙌🏽🏆
Shit that movie Moonlight is real!  2 gay ass thug wannabes. \nGrown ass men acting pathetic
Nobody likes to DJ Envy
ICE T COLORS COLORS COLORS
RED+BLUE=GREEN
formoneyonly.com/?refer=98148
🗣Respect The Hustle!!!💯💯
nig9aa n red remind me Chingy
Why the blood look fruity tho lol
California #1
Crazy how, rather than treat them like HUMANS and regular people, Charlotte's Mayne, for one, (somehow) morphed into some pseudo suburban-ass white guidance counselor/confused ochre-colored knock-off low-budget anchor man, who just so happened upon young Black bandanna-wearing entrepreneurs for the first time in his natural I pop pills to be light-skinned b/c I really hate my own Blackness! life!\n\nI mean, GATDAMN, negro... TF do you do when you get a Democrat and Republican, or Messianic, Ashkenazi Jew, and Muslim, or boy scout and brownie, or male AND female... in the same place at one time? 😨☕🤔\n\nThese bruthas are HUMAN PHUCCIN BEINGS, not some new-age alien from the weird side of Pluto... damn!\n\nAnywho, shout out to the young homies for keeping it positive and STILL reppin'! 💯👏🏾🤝🏾\n\n#BlackUNITY! 👑✊🏿💲\n\nHymn
THANK GOD HE LEFT BUZZFEED
Watching this a second time gives me such a different perspective
SH SH SH SH SH SH\n*SHUT THE FUCK UP*
This is awesome!! Great work!!!!
That fucked me up man great video
haha\nnice chris\nwas fun last time seeing u at buzz\ni would love to see your new videos weekly
WAS NOT EXPECTING THIS\nTHIS IS AMAZING
It's so fukked up
So many fucking plot twists in a video. This is a fucking 10/10. Great fucking job . Best thing that happened to Chris was leaving buzzfeed
This was weird ... but cool!
YOOOO THIS WAS SO GOOD. That twist thooo
Well... This got dark
i fucking love your videos man !! inoticed you dont publish content that offen but when you do its a whole trip!!
this channel is so clever how does he not have more subs?
Im going to start needing to emotionally prepare myself before watching Chris videos XD
Calling it now. Chris Reinacher is the Millenial answer to David Lynch.
That was so fucking good!  What?!?!?!!!
For some strange reason the straight one looks gay and the gay one straight to me.\n\n\n\nEdit : OMG i didn't even see the end!! I'm shooocked
But why is it when the plot twist occurs the main character starts talking like a gay stereotype? And starts gesturing flamboyantly to show how communicating with crazy hand movements is intrinsically gay? Everything else was good, but the gay character  representation at the end is kind of offensive. I thought we moved past the effeminate gay tropes.
Shit
haha
Oh... my... god...
Got me hooked man!!
@4:41 \n*me.exe has stopped working*
That was amazing!!!!
why so many dislikes tho?
This was really smart
This is like a gay version of fight club
holy SHIT I LOVED THIS
Im so fucking confused. Can someone please explain the jist of this to me?
So I did see that coming, but you came at it from a different angle than I expected - well played and excellently produced as usual :)
NO.. \nNOOOO \nthis is too much\nthis ruined my evening \ngoddammit..
Omg this was absolutely amazing. If I wasn't a fan before, I'm definitely one now!
If your girlfriend has a gay friend, then dump her ass cause she's blowing someone else
Oh, and you're a ghost. 😂
normalizing the type of shit murder suicides happen over!
I'd like to eat your girlfriend's pussy out.
87k views is not trending. How much did you pay YouTube
Doesnt she say have a good gayte at the beginning ? I thought it all at the beginning
Oh! and you are a ghost... That makes sense!
I had to pause the video after she said he was the gay friend cause it was too painful for me to process that. 😭😂
Nobody can come between me and my fag hag.
my goodness! how do you even come up with this stuff! <3 fav
so glad you broke off and did your own thing, this content is AMAZING, I love the creativity <3 keep it coming
Fantastic! This was cool and creative. More of this on youtube!
THIS MADE NO SENSE IT CONFUSES MY MIND AAA\n\nEdit: Wow watching it a second time really changes things.
EASILY my favorite video this WEEK!\nLMAO
Dude, make a movie.  Please,  for all of us
Hey Chris, just wondering if you'd ever think to release a behind the scenes video for this? I love the editing and vfx as I am currently a first year Screen Prod student; always looking to pick up some inspo wherever I can!! Cheers
I love it but when she said that mike was her boyfriend and Chris is her gay friend it was so unexpected!!
This is actually good😂😂
I'll just pretend that I didn't see this. \n\nYou can actually visit: www.thenobleblog.com\n\nIt has some great news about the latest gadgets
WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST WATCH! 😂😂😂😂😂
Wait, is this what gay friends are supposed to be like? Because almost all of my best friends are girls and I don't act like this at all.
I just came across this randomly and this is so weird LOL
We are in late-era Rome. Degeneracy everywhere. Foreign invaders everywhere. In debt up to our ears.
PRANK IDEA!! 💡 so everyone is talking about the world ending this Saturday and the rapture and stuff, it's everywhere! Go to a public place and leave some changes of clothes on the floor to make it look like they got raptures , the look on people's faces!!!!!
Why do shit videos always trend in the YouTube page of America 😒
Why isn't nobody talking about buster's Mal heart !!!!
He's the gay friend and a ghost coming this fall to fox
that was the fastest 7 minutes of my life
after watching this I gotta wonder... am I the gay friend???
This is messed up man. How am I suppose to go to bed now?
This was amazzzzing!
That fucking twist
Fantastic video more please
😂😂😂
WHAT IS THIS
Amazing\nAs always
This is amazing!!!💗
holy shit tho
That plot twist thooooo
damn that fucked me up 😂
Wait, what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBBLaRqgyIs :)
Shrimp Farming Guide http://bit.ly/2wHVe3h
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 LOVE!!!!!
This is disturbing
Love it!
Omgawd
Fucking brilliant.
Dat plot twist tho!!! Had me gagged!
Omg that was soooooo good
Love it!! Great twist
great vidgreat vid
Content worth waiting for.
Hahahah.... great
GODDAMN
That was awesome!!!
omg plot twist after plot twist
wut.
Wtf lol😂
I AM CONFUSION
My mind is... fucked
so good
wow. slow clap sir...slow clap!\n\n:D\n\nmind f*ckd for 7 mins. Cool cool cool!
SHHHSHSHHSHHHH SHUT UP MIKE
What is this omg
Mulholland Drive 2017
https://www.openbible.info/topics/homosexuality\n\n\nhttps://www.openbible.info/topics/fornication\n\n\nActs 2:3838 Peter said to them, “Repent, and each of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins; and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. \n\n\nRomans 8:5-65 For those who are according to the flesh set their minds on the things of the flesh, but those who are according to the Spirit, the things of the Spirit. 6 For the mind set on the flesh is death, but the mind set on the Spirit is life and peace\n\nRomans 10:8-178 But what does it say? “The word is near you, in your mouth and in your heart”—that is, the word of faith which we are preaching, 9 [a]that if you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved; 10 for with the heart a person believes, [b]resulting in righteousness, and with the mouth he confesses, [c]resulting in salvation. 11 For the Scripture says, “Whoever believes in Him will not be [d]disappointed.” 12 For there is no distinction between Jew and Greek; for the same Lord is Lord of all, abounding in riches for all who call on Him; 13 for “Whoever will call on the name of the Lord will be saved.”14 How then will they call on Him in whom they have not believed? How will they believe in Him whom they have not heard? And how will they hear without a preacher? 15 How will they preach unless they are sent? Just as it is written, “How beautiful are the feet of those who [e]bring good news of good things!”16 However, they did not all heed the [f]good news; for Isaiah says, “Lord, who has believed our report?” 17 So faith comes from hearing, and hearing by the word [g]of Christ.
deep water more pressure, space vacuum & radiation so we need suitable suites and environment. simple instead of long boring video :P
This whole thing was very narrow minded and short sighted.\n\nIf we had the technology to build under water biospheres, pressure wouldn't be an issue. The structural integrity of the system would be high enough to not need to highly pressurize the air inside to combat the external pressure. Boom. Air pressure problem solved.\n\nWe have the means to generate artificial sunlight that can grow plants and stimulate vitamin d production.\nBoom your vitamin D problem solved. Plant growth problem solved.\n\nRegular plumbing. Boom. Urine / waste issue solved.\n\nHumidity. Really? Ever hear of dehumidifiers? Problem solved.\n\nLiterally every problem you mentioned has already been solved. We do have the technology and means to build such a structure. It would be massive and immensely thick to hold back the water pressure but we *COULD* do it.\n\nCO2 scrubbing and water reclamation. The list goes on.\n\nWhat a short sighted video.
I still dont really get the preassure thing tbh :(\nWhy would preassure be a thing i would have to handle with if im in a building underwater?\nYou even mentioned how submariens dont deal with the preassure.
Given money and resource isn't an issue, couldn't we solve all those issues with tidal generators (powering machines that normalise pressure), giant sunlight simulating LED's, aquaphobic coatings and genetically modified plants to create extra oxygen for a set populous?
Underwater? Outer space? Why not both!? Stargate Atlantis <3
I've got a question, why is salt and pepper singled out as the 2 condiments that you would want most with food?
Would our bodies be able to adapt to all those not so friendly conditions throughout generations though? Evolution has shown that adaptations to crazy things are possible.
The Bends is a great album.
Serious question:  When a person eats sweets, if one's pancreas does not produce enough insulin on its own, one becomes diabetic.  When one uses artificial sweeteners, does one have the possibility of becoming a patient of artificial Diabetes?  Given the sweetness of these artificial sweeteners, would it not fool the pancreas and other bodily functions to cause such a situation?
Question: why does hair go grey and why has my nose and ears started sprouting hair in midde age? Yuck. Thanks
What are we doing to prevent global warming
If there's so much radiation in space, how do astronaughts stay safe whlist in space?
Why an earth would you want to live underwater?
You can have your underwater envionment at normal atmospheric pressure as long as your habitat is built strongly enough. The humidity thing is BS, it can be as dry as you want.
Why can't you have a double wall structure with pressurized walls and have regular pressure for the people inside?
yea people, living underwater isnt a good idea, i choose space
In reference to the flashes of light that astronauts see when they close their eyes from radiation effects, it can also be caused by Cherenkov radiation. Ground based experiments have not narrowed the exact cause yet, so both direct nerve optic nerve interaction and Cherekov radiation are the suspected causes.
We are not fish.
Don't be stupid, comeback to reality.
What about using virtual reality to 'fool' the brain to not feel like you are in a small enclosed space ?
No gods or kings, only man.
SeaQuest DSV <3
Arguably, their BEST album!
On the oil rig Byford Dolphin there was an incident where 4 divers died from explosive decompression, their body's exploded and chunks were thrown up to 30m's away, and now I know exactly how, cheers Greg!
8/10 NEEDS MOAR WATER!!!
9:35 that face lol
He's so hot.
If someone had the infinite amount of funds, what would a city on the ocean require? How many people can one city handle? What would be the minimum and maximum amount of the population in that city?
Great video, well done, well researched. I shared it.
Book recommendation for everyone who enjoyed this video: Seveneves.
Martini effect= Sex on the Beach affect to those of us left behind in Thatchers Britain!
I think all my friends have got the Bends
Where have I seen him?😅
Actually mentioned Bioshock, kewl
First
Shiit 2nd :D
The Lionesses top their group after matchday 1.
So sorry to see Mark Sampson leave England Women's Team - THANK YOU for some amazing results and progress in Women's Football. My wife and I have REALLY enjoyed supporting and following the England Lionesses and their tremendous progress.
Is it me or do the English lady's play better than the men. Well done girls
Too easy.
Why is this trending?
*BLYAT*
Then they go and sack the manager, what the hell..
02:00 best of the lot.\n#Bronze
Toni Duggan is such a great player
Everything about that first celebration is just wrong... They show unity but what about Eni Alike uhh ? Unity in keeping the starting spots.
Mark Sampson is such a great manager.\n\n\nOh wait...
0:10 Goal! Let's do one thing to secure our career, nothing is more important than our career *Everyone celebrated with sampson\n0:29 Sampson: that will do it, players support me, the world will think i'm innocent
pizdec
Why are there people on here complaining about womans football. 'Who watches this' 'womens football should be banned' 'Id care if it wasnt women' You dont have to like it but it clearly said WOMEN in the title, why bother clicking on it? Genuinley curious? Usually if i see something i k ow i dont like, i tend not to click on it.
Amazing Fran Kirby
So, in light of all the rumours swarming around Sampson, all these celebrations look a bit... forced and rather dodgy, tbh.
1.45 failed hi five
Aluko and the other players making accusations against Sampson should be utterly ashamed. The ones complaining are the ones that are technically poor and so haven't kept up with the development of the game over the years under sampsons charge. Aluko was fast but technically terrible and like schoolboy football as the other players develop technically the poorer players get found out. Aluko and Sanderson are disgusting and cost Sampson his job and career, just because they cannot accept they're not good enough.\nThe FA are an embarrassment, when they decided they don't want anymore race coverage, despite him being cleared twice, they look through his history and find an excuse from before he even had the England job which all of a sudden is a sackable offence. #JokeFA
Good girls
I support Tranmere
Tranmere rovers!!!!!
*Arе уоu lоокing for hot dаtes in уour neighbоurhоod?*

JLgUdZ5_CDg,\n *Thеу hеre ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=JLgUdZ5_CDg_961313
The crowd sounds so stupid.
What a player frank kirby is... amazing... she deserved the player.of the match award
I just like watching women run after a ball
This is meant to be enterta.. I just woke up.
Just need Benny Hill theme tune over this
these are the type of results a good manager with longevity gets you
3 out of 6 of the goals in this game are CALAMITOUS. Hilarious to watch...please dont pretend it's at a decent level. The fifth and sixth goals are simply LMFAO
how is this on trending with 11k views? just more evidence towards you just pay to get up there.
Like to see a game with the usa team.
Then hours later he was sacked
Manager Sacked.
Check out www.makeplates.co.uk for car show/legal plates :)
Now Sampson is set to leave as manager haha
Hi everyone can you subscribe to my channel please watch my little boy doing football training thank you
I'm sure eni aluko will still find something to complain about
*scores 6th goal* \nCommentator: And that will seal up the game\nI think it was sealed at 3-0
i mean its all nice but imagine Bailly and Rojo charging at them. The whole team would have to be stretchered off
Good job, Mini Messi! Fantastic assists tonight.
Pity it’s the women
Great performance by the girls. Cracking start to the campaign. Well done everybody involved.
who even watches this?
Brits might won this football battle but Russians will always win the beauty war
Man Toni Duggan is a babe and good player too 😍☺️
Great Lioness and beating Russia is great.
Women football shout be banned
Can't believe the fa sacked mark Sampson all because he dropped 1 player who didn't like it he was cleared twice of any wrong doing from 2 different investigations no other players are saying he did it England just got rid of the second most successful England  manager so good job
First
kirby should have gotten man of the match for that amazing performance. but they all played brilliantly so understandable that the commentators had a hard time choosing
The women are better than men 👍
Wow, finally Duggan scores and she's labelled a good player.She's an Heskey. She chokes a lot.Good game.
Why is this trending with only 7k views,
I'd care if it wasn't women's football tbh
No such thing as England lioness bunch of Dykes
Ladies love to play with balls more than men 😂😂
Do It fOr ThE sOvIeT uNiOn\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMission Failed better luck next time
Reported for violent content
Russia lost credibility all over the world after that doping scandal. It would have been better to lose honourably than to win and lose honour.
School girl level of skill
Preston park tranmere rover ground was empty and it was shocking game and under 12 boy team would wipe floor with russia and england team is crap defence with goalkeeper was comedy show.
Why is this on trending. O I know libtube.
1:33 what a miss!
stop playing football
Good riddance Mark Sampson you racist scumbag
You\nYes, you. The one reading this.\nHave a nice day....Chester is blessing u.
Guys this is my and Linkin Park fans humble request that please support Linkin Park in this tough time before it's too late... We together can get this band to one of the top bands in 2017 by supporting their beautiful songs.. Let's give a big hand of support to Linkin Park ❤
Rip Chester I been listening to linking park since I was 14 I'm 30 I have dealt with the same demons he did every day it's the worst thing in life
3:16 the feels men. Hairs giving a standing ovation to this part.
I cared when your light went out, still sad.
Chester you were such a good guy I cried all day and night when I found out you did this please if you are feeling there’s no hope there is hope
I can never like this video enough. he will forever be a big part of my life
Right in the feels, Stayed with them through their highs and lows and felt he was helping so many people then gone, the hurt is real.
This song always makes me cry really hard.
There's no enemy greater then that voice in your head when suffering from depression. I been battling my suicidal thoughts ever since my son passed... But over the years it has gotten stronger... The pain is unbearable, UGH!! Music helps me mourn, people help me open... A little.\nBut what I'm trying to get to is for those out there too suffering from depression and had thoughts of suicide, you are not alone. Please open up or call someone and let your emotions out. It helps... Cause I've do every time I get too close to the edge.\n\nChester rest in peace. To his family, may their sorrow in their hearts be gone. As for the rest of the band, you had lost a brother, a friend, but not your spirit. Rock on, and I look forward to more music.
Rip Chester we will always cherish the awesome music you have shared with us we will always miss you and you will forever be in our hearts just wish your time didn't  out 😔 always and remember Chester ❤💔
He was always Powerless and he was Waiting For The End to come. He did reach out openly singing Given Up but Who cared for this One More Light ? Everybody just wanted one more Hybrid Theory and Meteora. Nothing said is better than insult and Lies,Greed and Misery. All his songs were  a Requiem. How sad is it, he was singing clearly that he was Talkin To himself, because he have known that Nobody's Listening. He sang Nobody Can Save Me,but you laughed,made fun,mocked at his new songs, what did you gain, nothing, we just lost A Messenger,one who abided in the strength of The Thousand Suns, but when he was fighting his demons , you just stood laughing. You dont know what you have got Until It's Gone. He was so real. Do you think he was pretender,a hypocrite ,or a greedy, or a liar ? He was so real , he was always saying the truth From The Inside that he felt about himself and he shared his life without adding up any lies. But we never cared.\n\nHe did sing , Its Easier To Run. We should have cared. a long a long time ago.  \n\nHe tried so hard and got so far.\nBut in the end, world was just a bitter place for him as it was before for him.\nWe never cared. You never cared. \n\n\nNow there should be No More Sorrows in the people who mocked at One More Light, you guys are hypocrite who just are only judgemental and loves what are beautiful to you. You do not have no understanding,Wisdom and Love. \n\n\np.s This is to everyone who mocked One More Light
RIP Chester x you will forever be in our hearts ♥️🙏🏻
I’m so sad..! Chester, why? 😭
Love you Chester.\nMiss you so much.
Hello I'm fucking crying right now
Just cause you can't see it, doesn't mean it isn't there.
rest in peace my child hood
i could barely finish the song before this music video but no theres a music video, i cant ever finish it because id cry my eyes out knowing an important and huge part of my childhood is gone. i grew up listening to Linkin Park and i was always thankful to have such an amazing band in my life and thought i was blessed to live at the same time Linkin Park was around. ill always miss you Chester, thank you for making my childhood alot less painful and making it much better. you'll always be missed. <3
This song makes it hard to breathe
Help lp get 10m for chester
That touched my heart like many of chester's songs have. Remember to bring love and passion for this life
miss you so much Chester 💚
I'm sorry we took you for granted, Chester. We miss you.
want to know why the world is full of artists that make shitty trap music? \n\nIt's because the GOOD artists that make actual music go and do dumb shit like this.....
who care if one more light goes out\n well i do ... love you Chester
1 like = 1 prayer for suicide victims :(
RIP Chester u we're a part of my childhood
We miss u and We love u forever  RIP Master !!
Is all the time we've spent hoping for a God wasted Chester?
can't watch without crying.......
You guys are awesome keep marching forward, but never forget where you came from !
Still can't believe you're gone. You're music got me through my darkest time. You saved me, but no one saved you.... 😔
Cant belive hes really gone ..RIP you will always have a space in my heart 😢
who in the fuck disliked the video.
RIP my childhood idol, your music will keep us company forever
Really just trips me out that he’s really gone... I love you Chester... thank you for everything... ❤️❤️❤️
I was literally crying. He will be my favorite untill my light goes out
My heart hurts :'( RIP. Without Chester and Linkin Park, my childhood would've been boring
If a moment is all we are. Love you, man. Love all of your songs, and the heart that went into them. I grew up with you...Rest in peace.
Each one of us have at least once said this song suits my life .....thank you LINKIN PARK
I’m still in shock. 😔
Every time my game hurts, it's really sad.  TnT
Still, even now....... so very sad! You were my guiding light, my friend, the expression of my heart! Rest In Peace Ches! You are loved and sorely missed!
RIP Chester, your music pulled me from alot of rough spots in life you are my Hero. I will always be thankful for your amazing music. ❤
Damn. This is so sad, Linkin Park is definitely one of my most favourite bands, and to see this just makes me so emotional. Wow, respect to these guys.
God needs that Chester sings near him :c 💔💔
ONE MORE LIGHT THE BEST LINKIN PARK ALBUM OF ALL TIME
What the fuck 6k dislike go to hell u all haters
imy😢
love you guys
#fuckdepression
Gosh, really touched my soul, still cant believe it
Godspeed Chester.
R.I.P Chester😢
6K motherfuckers ! R.I.P chester ..
R.I.P i love Chester ❤❤
RIP Chester...
R.I.P
I miss his
I do
Linkin park♡
R.I.P
Goosebumps
miss u Chester.... 😞😞😞😞😞
😢
😔😔❤💙💚💛💜👑👑👑👑
Rip #sir_chester
6K dislikes? WTF. haters can fck off
rip
Practice Wellness Every Day.
Thank you Chester <3
R.I.P ❤❤❤
10 M
Beautiful soul your truly missed
Disliker are real asshole😠😠😠
Gone, but never Forgotten
Why you dead
RIP Chester 😢
*Sad Asf* :(
*R.I.P, Eternal Chester*
Sdds eterna 💔
😩💔
beautifull
Condolence Chester 😢
rest in peace Chester
💔😩😢😭
My heart hurts so much
Miss you Chester 😢😢♥️
:')
😭❤️
😪😪❤️
😭😭😭😭😭
Why!!😭😭😭💔💔💔 R.I.P
https://youtu.be/TQ3NY2uV1kk bet you wont click
R.I.P CHESTER  :(   FROM TURKEY
Rip Chester 😔
RIP chester😤😤
🤔🤔🤔
Who cares if one more light goes out?\n\n10m+ people do Chester.... We love you, RIP
Avicii feat. Louis Tomlison\nAvicii feat. Ariana Grande \n👍🏼(please like when you think so )
Guess who's back\nBack Again\nAvicii's back
the new mannequin challenges song  0;01
Thankyou so much for coming back
now i'm waiting for official MV Without You :)
Long As I Get Paid - AGNEZ MO \nhttps://youtu.be/NWH85qhrdoY
Minus the together title from this song and that's my life. Its like what Akon said 8 years ago when his music video came out.
IS THE BEST!!! \nLove from INDONESIA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0URe2ivwr0&feature=youtu.be i do remix and posted my first video, take a look please :)
Avicii change ur pic to old it look better
Love it! Is it future house?
In times of cheap music he always reigns supreme in his songs.
What a great song my fav
Nice location in Kyiv! Respect from the capital of Ukraine.\np.s.: Rita so perfect!
Where is old AVICII D: !!!!!!!!!!!!!
A beautifull song ...... AVICII IS the number ONE
I've seen the video more times, than how many views it has
you like to laugh check the link to see the funniest scarecrows https://youtu.be/WAPVIBvuOns
i love you Rita Ora
I'm addicted this song
the song reminds me of it ain't me though
aviciii the legend....hit like if u think he is the best music composer ever...
Avicii from Sweden i am from Sweden
I love this song to bits
I'm sorry but this girl's voice disappoints on every song she sings.
check my channel, all the latest x factor videos!
So happy to see Kween Rita with another legend
Thank you for your new song!\nfrom Japan
Auto tune's strong on this one
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍just love this song
Love the song but didn't realise it was Rita ora singing 🙈
Its a nice song
I bop to this song like 20 days everyday
Poison in the wine was poisoned😂😂😂😂😂
The power of being a photographer, you can play with time.
How Avicii makes his music is funny but the result is awesome ;)
remember me i'm here before 10M views
Nice music, #Rita Ora fan. she killed it
Avicii is back and better than ever!
i wonder why this song has less view?
WHAT a lovely song like if you agree
this is like the other version of it aint me
Love this.
V.I.P
Beautiful track.. Beautiful vid😍
Peeps, long Does anybody   understand  better  this resvlt#$
Rita Ora ❤️❤️
funny
welcome back !!!
Kimak iklan
hermosa voz <3
Hes Back =]
hi, everyone!\nPlease Listen My Brand New Mix, \nMODISH Radio Vol.2 On Mixcloud, If You Like.\n33Tracks / 50min.\nhttps://www.mixcloud.com/DJWATARUOSAKAJPN/modishradio-vol2-sep-2017-mixed-by-djwataruosakajpn/\n\n［ Artist List ］\nBlack Shadow / Rupee / Avicii / Rita Ora / Luis Fonsi / Daddy Yankee / Justin Bieber\nCamila Cabello / Nyanda / Craigy T / Shakira / Wyclef Jean / Pitbull / J Balvin / Marioh Barh / DJ Kool\nWilly William / French Montana / Swae Lee / Destiny's Child / Konshens / Chris Brown / TLC\nSatntana / Product G&B / DJ Khaled / Rihana / Bryson Tiller / Calvin Harris / Travis Scott / Jeremih\nCharlie Puth / Neiked / Mimi / Biair / Henry Fong / Nyla / Stylo G / Kat Dhalia / Major Laser / Sean Paul \nNelly / Akon / Ashanti / Quavo / Little Mix / Stormzy / G Eazy / Kehlani / Kanye West / T-Pain / Chance The Rapper\nLil Wayne / A-Trak / Niall Horan / Lil Yachty / YG / Kamaiyah / YoungBoy Never Broke Again / Lil Uzi Vert\n\nTahnk U.
- insert feels guy -
Leg
https://youtu.be/GFPLDqdUMoM
LIKE
melody nothing specail, not catchy
❤❤❤🕺🎶🇫🇷
I Want Avicii Ft. The Weeknd ❤❤❤
Avicii the Best👌❤️
Avicii is back
i love it :) :p
aviciii ◢◤
😍
Rita slayss <3
C.b
<333
venezuela
Oh, Avicii, Avicii... :')
Avicii looks like Rita Ora
FINALLYYYYYYYYYY
THE BEST
Avicii always rocking it.
Avicii= ❤
Nice
❤ Amazing \n\nBrazil😘
RITA PISA MUITOOOOOOO
Avicii ft. Florence Welch
https://youtu.be/oZLfQVMFXdE
When is this brain sick hatefull gehandicapten monster Nickhowardmusic finaly dead  ?!!!!!!
What a song!
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGnb148mTIYpGpIdydDfZTEZjAGmQuA4R\n\nfor music lovers!!
Avicii you're back!!!!!!!!!
Ayyyeee
Bebe rexha + dua lipa + elie goulding + zara learzon + katy perry + selena gomez = RITA ORA !!! ◀▶
100 million visits to Avicii :)
Rita ora is stunning 💕💕
Rita ora is wonderful singer !!
Avici & Rita Ora <3 am I dreaming?
Love this song
Rita Ora💟🌍
Better than despacito
Welcome back Avicii! 🙌🙌🙌
Avicii 💓💗💖💘💝
Avicii is COMEBACK  ◢◤ He is Awesome DJ ◢◤
at the start of the video, an internet challenge... xDDD
Avicii Ft. Selena Gomez please
Hey i Found New Tool Music Download MP3 And Its Work100% You Guys Download Free and Enjoy: clkmein.com/q7Cx1c :)
avicii is back !!!!!
You're very beautiful! And we have the same tshirt! ❤❤
Damn he was fine!!!! That man can SANG!!!!
I stan gabbie so hard I love you such a good person
i’m a youtuber starting out! please suscribe to me and like my videos! very appreciated!
i love your book
The security guy when that guy started singing😁
Gabbie please Vlog in Chicago!!!!! Can't wait to see u for a second time in Chicago!!!!!!!!
What's her book called?
I'm in the line getting a wrist band to come meet you!!! Sooo exited
Ugh did she ever fill her eyebrows in
Who’s lamikayla (or something) at 3 minutes?
I'm on vacation and I ordered your book and it just got to my house and I'm like holy shit. I'm going to have YOUR book when I get home. Holy shit.
At 2:08 Its like watching Lilly signing how to be a bawse all over again
I have that shirt!!!!!!
I'm genuinely happy for you❤️
I read the book in one day! It’s AMAZING! I love you so much!
*watches this on sunday*
the guy was sooo. cute
Your music choices for the time lapses are soooooo dope! That was definitely my kinda music! ❤🌼🎸🎶🎧
I am so upset I totally missed you when you were in Dallas I'm crying. Ilysm💜
im going to buy your book on audible when I get paid this week!!!!!!!
6:01 i live for that laugh
5:25 I SHIPPPP IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT /)3[]3/)
Where did you get that necklace!?!?! someone please tell me!
Oh I feel so bad now I'm getting hr book tomorrow it's Saturday for me right now I feel so bad
I live in Dallas texas
At like 6:03 she did the Demi lavato thing from sonny with a chance/that's so random I'm living
So proud of you✌✌💞
I honestly am so proud of Gabbie?? She accomplished everything she wanted with that book and also my favorite poem is THERAPY :)
that singer was amazing!
WE HAVE THE SAME SHIRT (: (:
I cant find your book anywhere in New Zealand but as soon as I can track it down I’m gonna buy it, super excited and so proud of you gab ❤️
Your deaf because the mucus in ur nose is blocking ur ears
I'm crying life got in the way and I couldn't go see you im legit crying rn I love you so much you don't even know
Was that grama a dude dressed up?
I WAS TGE ONE WEARING THE SKELINGTON SHIRT AT 4:50
IM LIVING FOR THAT LAUGH AFTER SAYING SHE WAS SICK
I'm a relatively new subscriber and I only watched your videos in the mornings getting ready for work. I preordered your book like on the 15th from Amazon and got it on the 18th. I'm really enjoying it and I love your videos. Thank you for being genuine and amazing.
Gabbie: I hope I'm being loud enough because I can't here myself!\nMe: Don't worry, your yelling😂
NOOO U WISH I COULDVE SEEN YOU!!!!!!
Literally before the gabbie showed the girl who brought her makeup brushes i said Watch everyone bring her makeup brushes
Someone get that man a record deal he was so good
Her vlogs arnt that behind anymore she just said she had no brushes not too long ago on her snapchat.  Go follow gabbie on snapchat @the gabbie show
Ooohh Gabby is using the same contour pallet I have
I've been putting off buying the book cause I've been busy but I just did while watching this video! I relate to out loud so much and I'm so excited! If you see this... I want to do out loud in Sign language for my channel!!?
I'm just a few hundred miles away from Houston. Why couldn't she come to San Angelo Texas 😭
WAIT! GABBIE NEEDS TO GET THAT SEXY SINGERS NAME. HE WAS CUTE AND HE OBVIOUSLY THOUGHT GABBIE WAS HOT. THEY NEED TO DATE!
OMG I LIVE IN TEXAS CAN YOU COME TO AUSTIN😍😍😍
I only use my fingers XD
The face of the grandma in 5:35😂😂😂
I really wish I could go D'X my closest book stop has been sold out for a while. maybe one day she will come back to New York so I could meet her :(
Please come to Virginia!
I AM DYING! \nI am originally from the town where you had the first book signing but I now live in CO! \nThats katy mills mall! Thats the mall I literally hung out at every weekend of jr high! I went through so much stuff there as weird as that sounds! I wish I could have been there to meet you there cause it honestly would have meant a little more! \nCrazy! haha
Gabbie!! I just ordered your book!
Gabbie i can't afford your song or your book. I feel like i'm not enough as a fan. :(
5:28 the guard behind gabbie is looking at her ass
so cool! I always run into people from Pittsburgh any time i travel. also live for the emo music played over montages
Im late on this video to but its ok i love ur make up to💙💙
wish i had money yo get your book!!!!!!! also you should've come to Minnesota
Funny bc she actually Wore her makeup like this on her book tour bc she left her brushes somewhere😂
gabbie u should come to Kansas
i loved that you used my favourite TBS song <3
Go to the hoapital and get your ears drained
Gabbie is so successful and I'm proud of her!
When are you coming to North Carolina?
please come to louisana some time because i love you and like if you live in louisana
why not direct your fans to a charity instead of giving you gifts?
I wanted to go but I was scared to go alone 😭 I wish I would have gone to meet you!!! ♥️♥️
😳wa I've always used my fingers to do my makeup
I want my book to come already, i've been so excited for it for months and it hasn't arrived T_T
i'm sad i couldn't come to see you while you were here, but i'm still sending you love from houston!
Gabbie i love you ❤️💕 have fun on book tour and please if you do another book tour come to Oahu PLEASE but if you can't I understand. 😄
I love how Gabbie is so real. Unlike other youtubers she is open to her fans and just tells the truth, without being fake and making things up. I love you Gabbie <3
gabbie how long are you staying in houston?
Please do a UK book signing!
I bought adultolesons (sorry for my bad spelling..), and sometimes secretly, I take the book to school and the poems really inspire me and sometimes I write them down, and I got an 100% on poet! Hopefully you are okay with that, if you arent I will stop doing it :)
I got chills when I met that little girl and when that guy sang😭😍😭😍😭
I'm so proud of gabbie
Girl that man was so many levels of fine.
IT! WHEN SHE SAID IT I DIED OF JOY I LOVE IT
YOU BETTER WIFE THAT SINGER
Bought the book, hasn't arrived yet, so excited though!!
Gabbie, I ordered the book and couldn't wait for it to arrive, but it didn't arrive on the 19th. I waited a couple of days, but it still hadn't arrived, so my mum looked online and it still hasn't been dispatched and will arrive from the 4th-25th of October... 😢 😭
That's it. I'm going to pre-order the book (it isn't out I the Netherlands yet)
5:29 That guard is checking out her ass
I still wanna know how Gabbie did her eyebrows without a brush!!
I JUST WANNA BREAK YOU DOWN SO BADLY~ 🎶
That security guard kept checking you out lol, but I see why cause you were looking fine! That body is goals girl! ❤
love you gabbie yall follow me on Instagram @datsmygranny praise the Lord Hallelujah 🤘🤘🤙
Tana and Gabbie new physic twins, their shaking in their boots
*I LOVE GABBIE SO MUCH*  ❤💙💚💛💜🖤
come to dacono Colorado!!!!! Pwease!!
The granny is soooo kind
Omg i cant beleive how amazing you are
PIKACHU!
DANGITT I GOT NO TICKETS IM IN NAC NUUUUU
Didn't you get your brows microbladed?
clickbait title
Causally playing emo music
That security guard was checking Gabbie out while she was dancing 5:34
The tomb raider origin story and character growth sucked. Loved the games but the story of the reboots SUCKED
I played the 2013 tomb raider game,which it looks like this movie is going for. It was on sale on the PlayStation network about a year ago. It was awesome. I thought it was a good game and it did play as a movie. I saw in the trailer there are some gems from the game and also the second game too. The actress does look close to the new Lara. Hope it good.
Hey Jeremy, could you please do a review of the Agent Cobra: Reborn theatrical trailer, it looks like a good movie, and I wanted to know what you think
Saw the trailer, thought it looked like crap. Nough Said.
This has always been my position, its better to make a video game from a live action movie, than a live action movie from a video game, it will not work most of the time. The video game is a world of fanstasy, where impossible things can be done, where the game character can die many times and you hit the replay button and he's back at it again. It is very difficult for any studio to reproduce and match the expectation of the the gamer. It might only be good for those who have never played the games. I will not be going to watch this. Same goes for making live action movies from cartoons or animations, that is why I have stayed away from the batman v superman and justice league, wonder woman, aquaman and all those other shit movies that will be coming out of the DC universe. I'd rather stick to watching DCAU movies, or JLU series... I have never seen anyone represent the Dark Knight to my satisfaction in live action movies as he has been represented in the DCAU, Kevin Conroy's voice irreplaceable.. Well the new guy is not bad though
I'll have to use that pattern recognition rant when explaining why I think things are going to go to shit.
It was basically watching the movie version of the game released a few years back.
At 2:30 I really exploded in sudden laughter xD And is that duck thing a quote from some movie or whatever?
The fuck is this dude talking about? Full on rant about nothing and his dogs in the middle there.
Here in the UK,some film maker said in 5 years Hollywood will be churning out nothing but reboots/remakes/updates etc etc as no original ideas will exist anymore.....after watching this trailer,i understand why he said it....nothing new/original/innovative.....same old green screen/CGI etc etc........
Dogs shitting on the floor? Not surprised. Should have gotten a cat...
I am SOOO LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS FILM :)!!!
I thought the trailer looked straight to videoish and kinda boring.
Looked like shit is probably going to be shit wont be watching that shit.
Basically, Alicia Vikander and possibly the rest of the cast deserve better than the writing, direction and tone that the movie might have as a whole. The photos and posters seemed to promise a dark and gritty atmosphere that the reboot games delivered. But then the trailer comes out and it's like the late 90s again. \n\nAlso, this whole Angelina Jolie thing...why is she being brought up in so many comments? Is everyone making fun of the fact that certain people pretend to love older versions of movies or some shit? That's like, Man, Ben Affleck will always be Daredevil. I'm not feeling this Netflix series.\n\nTotally different dimension guys.
Most of the scenes from the trailer match the new video game that came out a while back
Jeremy has puppies!!! So cute... oh and the video review was good, but. Still puppies!
Conclusion: you should have reviewed the Punisher trailer.\nNext time, trust your instincts, grasshopper!
i felt in love you said your dogs name, gypsy danger! jajajajaja
I don't think she's a good pick at all for Lara
I have the same T-shirt! And I know everyone here wanted to know that =)
STOP WITH THE JUMP-CUTS! THEYRE NOT HELPING YOUR VIDEO! THEYRE TAKING AWAY FROM IT!
You named your dogs Gypsy and Danger? That's fucking awesome!
It's just a trailer dude. Watch the featurette instead, it's better.
What did JJ think of the Halo films, 3 of which made it to DVD?
As someone who doesn't play video games newer than N64, I actually enjoy about 65% of the video game movies that come out.
To quote Garrus Vakarian: I like to expect the worst. There's always a small chance I'll be pleasantly surprised
It looked like shit. I don't want any movie to be shit and hope am proven wrong like Wonder Woman, but sometimes you can't help but say like it's bad from the trailer.
Thing about videogame movies is, that they mostly just pick the easy, uninteresting ones. Like wtf is special about Tomb Raider, its Indianna Jones, but with a girl. I bet they are gonna record Uncharted too at some point. The only interesting videogame movie was Warcraft, because thats an original world, and despite its flaws, I still like that movie.
Jeremy you are spot on with this trailer a solid meh
I like the shirt you wearing. Really I like it.
Your comment about your dogs shitting when you are not home......I know that struggle.  8 year old dopey Lab here.
Its a video game movie they are all terrible so who cares.
How was this even a trailer review, you were basically talking about your dogs...
I'm cautiously optimistic about this movie.
The movie looks mediocre. But Lara's origin story in the 2013 torture game wasn't good at all. It was unbelievable. I don't like the gritty reboot. Crystal Dynamics are such sellouts.
no one can beat angelina jolie's hotness :/
Of course she is the shit, Mcnulty is her father.
I'm with ya Jeremy
Tbh ...I was hoping you do punisher trailer review looks awesome .. but again tbh it does honestly looks good
I lost all cognitive thought the moment he mentioned Gypsy and Danger.
This role seems below Alicia at this point in her career.
damn! this review is deep!
I could see it being a high point for videogame movies\nBut that's a high of like, 7/10 at best
I just feel like the movie will be rushed... in the Tomb Raider game reboot, the first game was essential her being dropped in an unknown world and discovering shit while still being talented in survival. It would be nice if this Tomb Raider was survival based and focus a ton on Lara instead of the side characters.
I wanted to see the innocent fragile girl who almost cried having to kill an animal for food Origin Story... oh wait she's already THE Tomb Raider...
I'm just going to say it.  Love the holodeck shirt!
No one can Lara Croft like Angelina Jolie. She was perfect. This actress looks like Lara Croft the early years and I can accept that.
I never look forward to VG movies but if they was to announce a God of War movie, I’d lose my shit
I hope they let her learn how to be the Tomb Raider. If she come out whipping the floor with people then ima be pissed. I feel like she will have very little to learn about survival.
Review the new punisher trailer please!
am I the only one that doesn't like the actor who's playing Lara Croft because she's doesn't look like in the video game in 2015 and the old games?
My expectations are zero but I'm hopeful
I'm trying to NOT have expectations. This works in real life, too. I do it all the time. Nothing will ever go right. Then when it does, boom! I love the crap outta Tomb Raider. One of my favorite games. I can not tell you how many times I've played the original game. I was 12 when that game came out. I definitely wanna see this. But I'm probably going to be cringing the entire time. Who knows! Maybe it'll be another guilty pleasure movie like the ridiculous RE films.
Dog shit! I expected a top class movie for tomb raider.....so disappointed. And i wanted to see her grow and become the tomb raider but clearly thats too hard for the producers.
Why do they keep picking games with cookie cutter stories? tomb raider is JUST indiana jones. STOP. Legacy of kain, Planescape Torment, GOD DAMN
Any one else reminded of the iron fist trailer or was it just me.
The first Jolie one was perfectly stupid.
I'm glad you touched on it, Jeremy, but it's really bothering me that they're leaning so heavily on the reboot for tone and visuals, but seemingly the plot is Lara Croft going on an adventure to save the world as opposed to Lara Croft going to explore some neat ruins or something and suddenly having to fight for her life.\n\nLike, that was a big draw of the story and tone of the reboot game. Lara obviously had some skills in survival and whatnot, but we got to see her pushed (at least partially) into becoming the badass who goes looking for danger.
Anyone else watch his review of the trailer before watching the actual trailer ??
More of your dogs
He went philosophical on this one
First Wonder Woman now this anorexic bitch.
speaking of trailers..what about the punisher trailer?
Jeremy - Review The Shawshank Redemption, for fuck's sake.
I think it's a good idea to do reviews for trailers. So we know how to think when we see a trailer
say what you want about the original tomb raider movies but they were fun guilty pleasures. angelina jolie is lara croft to me. not this actress. she had the wit, charisma, charm of lara. alicia doesn't do it for me.
I wasn't impressed with the trailer. Not sure why, it just doesn't look like it'll be very entertaining. I'll wait for a few more trailers before I pass a final judgement.
It looks decent I will wait to see more of it
You're preaching to the choir here Jeremy.
Nigga if people do what you do in regards to videogame movies then nobody would've seen Batman Begins. The trailer was shit, let's be honest. And by that time Superhero movies had gone the way of Shaft. I'm not saying Tomb Raider will be good, in fact, I now it will be shit, but give me a break, man.
You know what would have been a better film? Two games in one...Nathan Drake and Lara Croft go on an adventure! This film looking terrible and Lara looks bored.
I liked Vikander in Ex Machina and she is a good actress for the reboot Lara. But the trailer looks like a 90ies movie to me with all the bad greenscreen and general cheesiness. The music was especially bad, so for me the trailer did nothing - except that it was good to see some Frost again.
Trailer didnt catch me and i did not buy Vikander as Lara Croft. Definately not the badass Lara from the old games and still not the just growing into adventure Lara Croft from the new games. She is just a well trained good looking but skinny girl in the jungle. With guns. Does not feel like Tomb Raider at all. Trailer has no soul to me. I dont believe in this movie. I hope im wrong.
Wait Richard Croft is alive in this?
Jeremy your shirt is awesome and so is your dogs names!
I think the main problem with the trailer is its editing. \nThere is no way that clip at the end of the trailer where she is buying guns ins't from the end of the movie.
One question.. why her ?\nShe is the definite opposite of a badass
You could make a legit Far Cry 3 movie.. That story was awesome
You know what you can do J? Why not review Tomb Raider (2013) and Rise of the Tomb Raider?
Looked like a straight Blu-Ray trailer
looks horrible the game has better CGI and cost less to make lol
I totally agree, just play the damn game! You'll have more fun! I feel sad about Alicia Vikander, I mean, yeah she will probably get money and all but being in a movie of a videogame will probably hurt her career.
Yeah this looks like hot garbage.
It's gonna suck. That's what game movies do best.
The trailer looks pretty good.
agree, looks s**t
LOVE the names of those dogs! ;-)
Looks kinda bland and generic
its was jus meh :/
Looks average at best
OMG...more pics of your puppos please! 😃
stop makinf video games movies point done
hi
pattern recognition lol, <3 JJ
That shirt. <3
Gypsy and Danger, nice Pacific Rim allusion.
I would gladly be dumber than two digs call gypsey and danger. Just sayin
Love your dogs dude
Nicely said brother lmfao
In these tense political times We should all come together to appreciate that this video wasn't filmed vertically
Water sucks, Gatorade is better.
Seriously people, moaning that a guy blocked the road, if it were most people you wouldnt give a f**k about any neighbour or person you dont really know, especially duing a life threatening moment like this where every sec counts, you would only care about your own life
The god of mud is angry
Well, Laotians are famous for owning donut shops in America.  oops, make that Cambodians are donut shop owners.  What are Laotians good at?  Certainly not in dam engineers.  I would think the engineers are either Chinese or Russian.  Russians not that good I would think.  (their aircraft suck!)  And the Chinese?  Hmm, ever hear the term Made in China?  Best they call American engineers.
I think I'd have to take that guy who blocked the road with the machinery and throw him over the edge if I survived.
What happened to the stupid fuck who blocked the road and the other two drivers? The cameraman was too stupid filming stuff that wasn't important.
how do I hire this tractor driver?? I have a job i need to get done within 10 years. He's perfect for the gig.
Shut the fuck up
In any state this
That guy that ended up blocking the road, if he survives is gonna get such a beathing by the other blokes 😂😂
Where did this happen? Location?
nice,thats not magma (sorry for english)
Truck guys die?  Seems like they should have just run up hill...
Just sitting over here wondering why this is happening\nEdit: I’m dumb
I hope that guy in the truck is okay...
Am I the only one annoyed that people thing the thing blocking the road is a tractor?
Omg, I hope all those people are ok
The dude yelling and hootin says it all !
wow way to park a road grader in the only escape route, asshole in the red shirt. sure hope one of the people you killed was your boss cause otherwise you are in trooooouble
0:05 The guy leaving the grader in gear should be put on trail for his hideous act. What a complete moron! According to the news, no one was killed in this accident - but that was more luck than anything else, this idiot didn't help the situation.
I rather die in the mud then listen to this awful shrieking voice
No offense but i really thought the title said jiberish
LAVA IS RISING, GET TO HIGH GROUND!!!
FOR THE HILLS, BOYS! RUN FOR THE HILLS!!
Lol...i just saw this on the daily dose of internet lol
Words canno... stupidity... two drivers...even in the moment...I can't...Darwin...incredible.
Anyone else scream RUN from the first look at the video? And continued screaming until it was obvious that people died?
Why is everyone here unrealistically stupid? That you could go faster off of that tractor and let people through without it walking away but now he just had to back it up and block the only way out for cars and trucks
This woman is literally hollering like a monkey 😂😂😂
retarded fucking women all they do is scream for no reason when theres trouble
He is warning of Pizza and Bear Monsters and to vote for Bernie Sanders.
O shit that's a lot of chocolate milk
Get out of the tractor, get in the truck and go....better yet, don't run down the road..go up the hill.
Wtf I didn't know they had chocolate rivers in Laos
(((Homosexuality is an abomination before a Holy God. If they dont repent and stop doing this sinful act they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Are they going to be lovers of their flesh more then lovers of their God/Creator??? And here is the scriptural Proff in the scriptures)))...  \nThen the Lord said, The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is so great and their sins so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as bad as the outcry that has reached me, if not, I will know. (Genesis 18:20-21). Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom-Both young and old-surrounded the house. They called to lot, Where are the men, (Two Angels), who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them. (Genesis 19:4-5). Get out of our way, They replied. And they said, This fellow, (Angels), came here as alien, and now they want to play the judge we'll treat you worse than them.  They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door. But the men/Angels inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door. Then the Men/Angels struck the men who were at the door of the house young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door. (Genesis 19:9-11). The Angels said to Lot, Get your relatives out of here, Because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it. (Genesis 19:12-13).\n\nDo not lie with a man as one lies with a women; it is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22). If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have committed an abomination. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:13). A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for all that do so are an abomination unto the Lord thy God. (Deuteronomy 22:5). There were even Sodomites in the land; The people engaged in all the abomination practices of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites. (1 Kings 14:24).\n\n Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, as his father David had done. He expelled the Sodomites from the land and got rid of all the idols his fathers had made. (1 Kings 15:11-12). He rid the land of the rest of the Sodomites who remained there even after the reign of his father Asa. (1 Kings 22:46). He also tore down the quarters of the Sodomites that were by the house of the Lord and where women did weaving for Asherah. (2 Kings 23:7). No one who has been emasculated/castrated by cutting or crushing the male sex organ may enter the assembly of the Lord. (Deuteronomy 23:1).\n\nGod gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. (Romans 1:26-27). (Homosexual/Sodomite sympathizers), although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things, but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:32). Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the fornicators, nor idolaters nor adulterers nor Homosexual/Effeminate/Sodomites nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11). That the law is not made for a righteous person, but for the lawless and insubordinate, for the ungodly and for sinners, for the unholy and profane, for murders of fathers and mothers, for manslayers, for fornicators, for Sodomites, for kidnappers, for liars, for perjurers, and if there is any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine. ( 1 Timothy 1:9-10). Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to fornication and going after strange flesh, (Homosexual/Sodomites). They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire. (Jude 7). Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers in the world, to abstain from fleshly desires, which war against your souls. (1 Peter 2:11).\n\n Everyone that is Proud in heart is an Abomination to the Lord: though they join forces, none will go unpunished. (Proverbs 16:5). Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. (Proverbs 16:18). To fear the Lord is to hate evil; I hate pride and arrogance, evil behavior and perverse speech. (Proverbs 8:13). He (God) beholdeth all high things: He (Satan) is a king over all the children of pride. (Job 41:34). God opposed the Proud but gives grace to the humble. (James 4:6).\n\nThe look on their faces testifies against them; they parade their sin like Sodom; they do not hide it, Woe to them! They have brought disaster upon themselves. (Isaiah 3:9). God is just: He will pay back to those who trouble you, and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when The Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful Angel punishing those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out of the presence of the Lord. (2 Thessalonians 1:7-9). Call on to Jesus for forgiveness and He will set you free and be your God. Jesus said: Unless you are born again, (With the Holy spirit), you cannot enter the Kingdom of God. (John 3:3).\n\nJesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Parish. (Luke 13:3). Don't you know that you yourself are Gods temple and that God spirit lives in you? If anyone destroys God's temple, God will destroy them; For Gods temple is sacred, and you are that temple. (1 Corinthians 3:16-17). So if the Sodomite commit, or anyone by that matter commit suicide and not repent of their sins. Jesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Perish. (Luke 13:3).\n\nThey will be cast into outer darkness. Where there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and the fire is never quenched. Jesus said in, (Luke 13:28), (Matthew 13:42), (Matthew 25:29-30), (Matthew 8:12), (Matthew 22:13), (Mark 9:48).\n\nSee Jesus always talked about Hell, but people never wanted to talk or hear about it. Always love love love. But people are going to find out about Gods wrath the hard way if they keep going to these false ministers and living in Sin.\n\nJesus said: Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the son of man. (Luke 6:22). Jesus said: Woe to you when all men speak well of you, for that is how their fathers treated the false Prophets. (Luke 6:26). Jesus said: If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. (John 15:18). Jesus said: If you belong to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world that is why the world hates you. (John 15:19).\n\nAm I now trying to win the approval of men, or of God? Or am I trying to please men? If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ. (Galatians 1:10).\n\nJesus said: the world does not hate you, but It hates me because I testify its works are evil. (John 7:7).\nJesus said: Nevertheless I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, the comforter/Holy spirit will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you, and when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of Judgment: of sin, because they believe not on me. (John 16:7).\n\nTopheth ,(Hell), has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the king (Satan). Its fire pit has been made deep and wide with an abundance of fire and wood; the breath of the Lord, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze. (Isaiah 30:33).  \n\nJesus said: Then he will say to those on his left. Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. (Matthew 25:41).\n\nThis is not a hate speech, this is love speech. Please don't trample on the Blood of Jesus. He wants to save you and set you free. I love each and every one of you, just like Jesus did on the cross for you and me.
That guy on the grader should be shot. Bailing and blocking the road.
Go around the damn tractor. There was room to do so!!
Mother nature is getting mad bc these little sh*t keep testing nuclear bomb.\nF# humanity - our kind cannot survive without killing one other.
Someone had to use the bathroom emergency.
what the fuck is up with all the women holding a camera and screaming like absolute fucking animals while witnessing a disaster like this?! like, there are so many videos like this where the female camera holder is screaming like a fucking goat! shut your fucking whore mouth cause there is nothing you can do, you stupid fucking bitches!
im going to get some chocolate milk now.
@ 1:32 JUST WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT!?
The title says it all !!!
Sad that people can be so dumb.\nAll they had to do was run away, but nope.\nThis is more like suicide than anything.
Should have ran up hill to the right...
At first I was like oh shit their river is going pretty fast. Then I was like why they running. THEN I was like oh the water is going a bit crazy. THE THE FUCKING MUD MOVED CARS OUT OF THE WAY?! I'd run faster than a black guy in a horror movie
im mesmerized by the trees getting knocked down, one by one, on the other side of the river
The guy trying to move the giant tractor to save some money almost got everyone killed. Idiot.
Big ass tractor blocking the path is an example of Murphy's Law at its finest.
my disrepect to all of this little whores - thai people & other shit
O...m...g that fucking guy in the tractor, just ride with the other guys
I hate when nature decides to ruin things.... like cant you see nows not the time...
peasants are so goddamn retarded  :D  i'd jump on my nutsack and ride down the river on my dick while using my farts as a motor!!!
One complete jack@$$ in a tractor blocks the entire emergency access/egress route \nThey should tear that guy a new one
/r/catastrophicfailure
на 1.05 отчетливо слышится убирай ее на..уй!!
все это очень страшно. Надеюсь без человеческих жертв.
Idiot blocked the road, moron.
Тварь на грейдере убить надо!!!!
Меня больше всего удивляет как они неторопливо выезжают, че потоп обычное дело
911....(explains it)
esto es asombroso
Holy fuck!!
dam(n)
Wtf
Aaaai
DOHMAH!!!!
that dude's scratchy voice omg
That scream at 0:10
Бегите глупцы!
She sounds like satan
Oh cool, Chocolate milk. Yum
Holy crap!
Anyone here from RR?
9/11. Never forget.
Good. Leave nature alone.
Dtai sum
Done on purpose?? #9/11
This is fucking awesome!!!!!
OI!\n\n\n\n\nWOOO!!!!
@0:21 he did his mating call
Mother Nature said no
Mother Nature 2020
Damn
Those damn Ents again!
OPRAH WINFREY rectal cleansing.
Daaaaam!
Well, dam. (Double pun!)
Lum yeh mo yeh
На грейдере пидорас!
4 letters:\n\n\n\n\n\nGtfo!!
Built ford tough...*washes away*
wow
Ocean Man getting dirty.
Como siempre...hay alguien que piensa más en sus vehículos que en su propia vida
This is so sad, but the woman screaming is so random
Ar first, it looked like shitty CGI, but damn!... shit got real
Im glad this shit happens!!!! Fuck all this mothefuckers trying to kill the ecosystem over money \n.
This looks so fake. \n\nWater moves like that and dudes are moving trucks at a snail's pace just yards away from the tsunami in the movie 2012.
Your jacket!!😍
That was some great American Sign Language 😜✨
I'm being cookie monster for halloween, my daughter is being Elmo.
Tbh these are my favorite types of videos you're just naturally funny
I've never seen one of these videos before but they are so cool!!!
it's not me tickling your taint thanks Grace I wanted to keep that mouthful of water not spit it all over my PC
did she say patrick hall ???
I'm gonna be diarrhea for Halloween. jk. 😂😂😂😂
Yeah Polictics still ain't that great lol. I swear they are bunch of illiterates. I mean I just move on to, kind of not to put in as well... like daca is caca. See? really not worth the time. Back and forth coded insults, they are really a bunch of cowards. Not worth the time :)
So you're telling me Grace has a bunch of videos backed up... post them all tmm sis tysm
stream of consciousness please tell us more about goose!
30 seconds into the video and I'm already loving it! You're so funny, Grace!
because it's authentic. At least it's expected to be.
Did you know that Lindsay Sterling is on dancing with the stars
Please do a Halloween costume idea vid!
Bats don’t want your hair. They want the flies (and mosquitos, and other bugs) buzzing around your hair. They’re basically dive bombing the bad things around you like little, flying superheroes.
I gave this a thumbs up just because I thought it was sweet to give Gabby a shoutout
You need to do a tour of your place too.
I love the stream of consciousness videos because it just feels like listening to a good friend blabble abouy blabble which is very comforting in an empty house 👍
im coming out on halloween - going as the babadook
that's moment ay tail you should
I cannot escape the shit
Tell us Gracie. How about grass is green, water is wet, air is very light,  sky is blue. O, and finally, you are a mental midget.
I listen to Not Too Deep when I walk home from work. Excellent use of my time if I do say so myself!
Just realised my birthday is near too! And it's the same date as yours lol
First time watcher. Fyi-I thought you had grabbed an infant, but turns out, I think it was your knee, lol. Enjoyed this! Cya.
*your thing should be called The Face*
Celebrating Halloweekend!! and I plan to be Cruella Deville, Daphne Blake, and a dead
Reminded me a little of the good ol' DailyGrace vids. Ah, nostalgia.
Isn't anyone concerned about that 0:03 moment when she said OUR house?! Did i miss something? Is she living with mamery? Some guy? I want awnsers!
Are you related to McGuyver? ..............?
I'm dressing as Veronica Sawyer
For Halloween I'm gonna be something REAL slutty
The only problem with getting Adultolescence on audiobook is you miss out on all the fantastic illustrations Gabbie did for the book! Getcha hands on it if you can. I work for my county's library system and we got a handful of copies in. If you can't afford to buy the book check your library!
Hey grace, can you please get a better mic for your videos? I feel like I'm watching an ASMR video I didn't ask for. Thank you.
What am I going to be for Halloween?  The same thing I was last year.\nDrunk.
eh. - you can tell when you don't really DONT want to do a stream of consciousness video --- what's your favorite type of video to do?
I’m going to be Wonder Woman for halloween!
Kylie Jenner is pregnant?
Its Kristen Mac-Ah-Tee
I'm being totoro for Halloween ^^
Grace! You are beautiful inside and out! Accept it ladybug 🐞
Was she on the walking dead? That girl named Jessie I think....
I do not know Which was said such a thing to the elderly
Speaking of stream of conciousness, can you read a couple of random pages from Ulysses? I think I'd be able to understand it better with you as a narrator. Or maybe not. You should still do that though.
just play the youtube provided background music and everything will be ok. Jesus, please save us from these typical videos youtube puts on the trending page.
Did you know that you forgot to finish putting eyeliner on the bottom of your eyes? They look kind of funny.
Do you like to eat pizza  if you buy a mixer you can make your own\nPlease do a live webcast-this is real life and you are amazing.
What did we do to deserve Grace? Life is betterer with her vids in it.
Is that a shirt on the gabbie show 1:55 or is that her chest? Why does it not match her face?
Just talk Grace. I'll listen
I'm thinking about being the Winter Soldier again this halloween
me and my boyfriend are being luke and lorelai
I remember when you started doing stream of consciousness videos on your dailygrace channel, I actually remember the very first one called stream of conshhhhsness.\n\nAlso, WHERE DID YOU GET THAT WHITE HOODIE?
I honestly don't understand what this video has to be on the Trending page.
a very nice video
I listen to your podcast so much I remember parts of some of them by heart and it's sad
I just like the way your mind works. I find it comforting that someone else's mind works a little like mine.
I do need a vacation dad. Are you free this weekend?
Here's my director cosplay: Goose get out of my frame. Goose. GOOSE GOD DAMNIT!!!
Others are back in school meanwhile my school holidays just started
You should not use q-tips in your ear holes.
keanu Reeves is 53. wow I'm definitely a pervert coz im only 25 and hv been crushing on him since 14.
Grace your makeup is fucking on point
yes grace, I am having a sucky time in school. Butttt im watching this so how bad could it actually be?
Your dad lied to you, Grace. I'm so sorry. The bats were swooping to eat insects around you / the pool. They don't want human hair and they have excellent flying and echolocation skills so they won't fly into your hair by accident! #freeallbats #batdefense
Bats do not make nests, from hair or otherwise. Your dad was either messing with you or not aware of this. The bats swooping towards the pool were probably swooping at insects that were hovering near the water. ... Bats are awesome, and it makes me sad when people are afraid of them. TAT
Well, stream of consciousness videos are great, because you always manage to subtly drop little philosophical thoughts and insights inbetween. And great jokes of course.
Actually those bat are just thirsty. They swoop down as close to the water as possible to get the fur on their chest wet then they fly to their roost and lap the water off their fur! It's how they drink. I don't think that bats would try to get your hair...lol! XD
For some reason when you said Keanu Reeves is 63 I pictured Shia Labeouf, and that really would be life changing! (but obviously he isn't hahaha)
Im going to be a slut for halloween.
im going as wednesday addams and my friend is going as morticia ayyyyy
Have you microbladed those babies? They on fleek!
Bats dont build nests, and never did or will. I am french
I'm gonna be a BAT for halloween ( watch out for your hair Grace, moahahahaha)
I kept hearing ass burgers love it Grace
🐽
6 minute video and 4 minutes of it was plugs..
Found out just yesterday my birthday is the same as Himmler's, after saying, you know that asshole is probably a Libra.
oh shit i just made you click...
Dear Future Grace,\n\nI'm not sure if you're aware, but it appears the ghost of John Belushi may have sneezed cocaine into your tear ducts... or you have oddly placed eye shadow/eye liner... either way, love your content!
Does she admit that she clickbaits?
Wtf is this on trending
Wow this #38 on trending
Luscious
Aww she shouted out David dobrik christen gabble show and wear zayns merch. Such a cutie love u
im gonna be miranda cosgrove for halloween
I❤️streamOfConscVids
(Jumps from counter) (insert Idubbs meme)
Weweweeewew ☝️☝ Alayna Fenderr Reference
Tickling ur taint
Zane merch❤❤
Cute
i kept hearing ASS BURGERS
I just came here to say Fuck Meghan Rienks and Grace Helbig;) didn't watch the video;)
i swear at 4:30 grace's knee was a baby's head
Grace:  your Very Hot!  You should do your videos Naked.  Why do you have all that stupid clothing on?   Yes many girls will be jealous and unsubscribe.  But think of all the new male subscribers!!
‘Somethings I should tell you’ \nMy brain:\nShe’s going on holiday\nShe’s got a boyfriend\nShe’s got a girlfriend \nShe’s got a new dog\nShe’s got a new friend\nShe’s got a new dog that’s her friend\nShe’s gay\nShe’s bi\nshe’s dead\nShe’s dying...very slowly\nShe’s alive still\nThat sounded mean sorry\nShe’s a mum\nShe’s a dad\nShe’s going full on Daenerys and sleeping with her nephew\nOk I’m done
Wait, so this video was stream of conscious? Then what are the rest of your videos???
any small youtubers wanna support eachother
Why is this video not available to me?
Taylor Swift is a cat lady
THE MOUSE LOL this is proof the old taylor's aren't actually *dead* they are just inside of her and different
I can't believe she went on that swing! it's so high! I would have been terrified
I don't like how it goes into the video instead of more behind the scenes I want more behind the scenes and for it to be longer it was such a cool video I want to see how the whole thing was made
I DON'T THINK THE OLD TAYLOR IS DEAD AFTER WATCHING THIS!
and the costoom was agly
I love that even though her new album makes it seem like the old Taylor is completely gone, when you watch her creating her videos and talking behind the scenes she's still the same old Taylor we know and love❤️
On camera she looks so serious but off camera she's just,\n\n\nTalking to a hamster likes it's a real person?!
I can't see it it says the video is unavailable
Did you guys actually think she wasn't going to be her goofy, adorable self anymore? C'mon people, you can't put out that fire.
They actually added the music video......
The mouse and taylor <3
Why do we have to rewatch the whole music video everytime? is it some kind of brainwashing?
that hamster and Taylor form the cutest couple ever\nlike if you agree
awww.. that is an adorable cat.. i mean rat
I'm confused... Why did they upload the whole video again? And not just the behind the scenes??
she is the queen of snake, but she don't eat mouse . she is in the next level :0
WHY YOU GOTTA BLOCK YOUR VIDEOS ON MOBILE, TAYLOR?
I wish I was the mouse xD
I love how she came up with the idea of sending the mouse into a training. LOL
Did anyone notice the snake on  her upper right leg in the cage scene?
0:39 or Three times Thirteen seconds in. ... This is why we adore Tay-Tay so much, and now she has a new little friend. The next magic multiple of 13, is 91, the first pseudo-prime, because it looks like a prime, but is not. it is 130 - 39 or 7 x 13. then after that is 169 or 13 x 13. one of the Magic Squares. One, & One are the first two squares, next is Two times Two, then Tree time Three, Five times Five, Eight times Eight, and next Thirteen times Thirteen. 0 + 1 = 1, 1 + 1 = 2,  1 +2 = 3 etc. 0,, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144.... The Harmonic Series, sometimes called Fibonacci Series. When a plucked string is divided by this Golden Ratio 55:89 or 89:144, etc. Called Phi. in Greek Numerology. Both strings resonate in musical harmony.... All of life is related to Phi.
bc EVER put the music video??????? is INECESARY
Love you taylor 😘😘 you are amazing 😍😍😍
Why the hell do they keep putting the music video in the BTS???
By way, why they put the music video after behind the scenes of LWYMMD of the birdcage?
WAIT THERE'S AN ACTUAL MOUSE IN THE VIDEO?????
The more you ask for your soul the cheaper you look.  Nice bird cage.  You are a canarie.
she touch a rat
How does Jacksfilms have more subscribers than Taylor Swift?
Taylor is so cute with the mouse ♥
I love taylor swfit so mush ♥♥ I love your voice
Goshh this video is not available in our country! Ghaaaad
I never realized the mouse
Who's this scene about? The giant birdcage reminds me of Miley's Can't be Tamed, but idk 🤔
We need a Taylor Swift training facility for mice lol
Why can't I see the video😢😢😢
why was there a mouse
That's why I love Taylor, she's beautiful, talented and loves animals
WHY ARE ALL OF THESE UNAVAILABLE IN MY COUNTRY?
The part were she was with the hampster 😂😍
It's not available in Malaysia 😭💔
+1 for the rat and training center :-)
We're gonna have to send you to a training facility Taylor to cute rat - 2017
I didn't notice the mouse until I saw Tay petting it xD
for some reason the video is not available in other countries 😭
...Ready for it part haha
The lyrics for Taylor swinging in a Gilded Cage don't make sense:  You asked me for a place to sleep/Locked me out/ Then threw a   feast.   WHAT!?!     STILL haven't seen an explanation  anywhere.    Any Theories? .....  Anyone?
Why it says This video is not available?!
taylor: old taylor is dead\nalso taylor: your eyes are closing like my cats do
ITS IN EVERY SINGLE BEHIND THE SCENES, she play the ENTIRE music video in them... I hate this.
wtf why they played the video over and over again
So, they made several clips so that they can get more ad revenue, and put the song at the end of each clip so that the video can be long enough to get enough ad revenue?
literally uuugh~ Um. I'm great. I'm good. \n.\n.\n.\nWELL TAYLOR WE'RE BEYOND GREAT RN WITH THESE BTS THANK YOU SO MUCH
Miley Cyrus Party in the USA inspired?
Taylor and Katy finally made up. I love how she featured her in the video!
I AM IN LOVE
The new Taylor might be really weird, but she still loves animals 😍
This video is not available :( whyyyy
i didn't even realize there is a small rat in this song until i saw this vid.
how to make more money = Put  different parts of behind the scenes
Now I'm looking for the mouse.\n\nTHERE'S REALLY A MOUSE THERE!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂\n\nSo adorable!!!!
not available 😢😢😭😭😭😭😭 im literally crying right now
i dont care what people are saying \ni still fucking love her
why the video is down why?!
I cant see it
Damn Taylor., how many more  bird  cages bathtub  screen shots,etc, do you singers have to do. what does that have to do with singing?  or music everyone knows it is  part of that fake illuminati crap. if these second city scam a dollar artist were really illuminati., they wouldn`t be copying the same old bird  cage/bath tub scenes.they would be enlightened enough [thus illuminati~enlightened ones], that they would come up with something new. But the sad part is. With your industries misguided music these days,  artist  have lost a complete generation of listeners., TODAYS GENERATION LISTENS TO OLD MUSIC ON [LP] LONG PLAYING  RECORDS , BECAUSE THEY DON`T  WANT TO LISTEN TO THIS SAME OLE ,SAME OLE CRAP ANYMORE.And the sad part is no one in the entertainment industry is getting it., not even you Taylor. you used to be a singer/ musician. not part of this retarded hollywood circus. Is every Song about halloween to youpeople, 365 days of the year? you would think someone making money and famous , would have something sometimes happy to sing about.hunh?
What does the birdcage represent?
she manages to pull this off so level headed. genius.
why i cant watch it? can someone tell
wow, I never noticed the little rodent before!
when the old Taylor is still alive behind the scenes
why do they keep putting the whole music video in these vids??
This was my favorite part of the music video
This was my personal favorite scene like LOOK AT THOSE BOOOOOOTS
If you look at her hands when she was petting the hamster, you know she always pets her cats :p
*i just covered the worst cover of charlie puth - attention on my channel, don't check it out. thank youu*
Does this remind anybody of Miley's I Can't Be Tamed?
é sério que o taylor nation barrou a própria taylor?????
Taylor é maravilhosa <3
Sia wants her birdcage back!!
still petty
No disponible :s
I DIDNT NOTICE THAT MOUSE!
Una copia descarada de Rumors de Lindsay Lohan 😡
the rat tho Omg so cute
Ur really amazing taylor
I can't see/ no puedo verlo😭😭😭
0:39 Adorable! Aww!
YESSSS 13K :)))
0:39 to 1:10 haha.\nSo cute omg.
I hate rats!
woow,i love taylor coz shes crazy.\nshe is so good at cuddling,mouse eater hahaha kidding
anyone before 1million?
Too Short!!!!!
Dona algo$$ para tus fans mexicanos
Em không xem được!  huhuhu
This is Taylor's personal page and you are only able to watch her videos on a laptop or a tablet. So no  phones sorry everyone. But lucky me in Australia I can watch on my laptop so good luck everyone.
Am I the only one who can't watch it?! 😭😭
LeBron and the Cavs or Kyrie and the Celtics: Who ya got?
*Not talking to teammates? Wow he really wants to be Kobe.*
This is not a fluke. Derrick Rose has been unfairly slandered for the past two seasons. He played well for the Knicks and will be better for the Cavs. Get used to these what a surprise segments.
D rose averaged 18 ..............clearly not superstar numbers....but yall be sucking his beef like he trash.. league tryna retire him early like they did a i
Celtics 🍀 bby!!  But Warriors taking the 🏆
I hope the Celtics beat the cavs because I'm sick of the the Warriors cavs matchup with that said the cavs are obviously the favorites
U might be kyrie fans or lebron fans , I don't give shit but I am telling the truth that as long as lebron is in cav and the east conference , he is going to the final and cav is dominating east conference
Yep. Isaiah can easily fill in for kyrie! Cavs definitely gotten better, and won the trade. Also more bench depth now too. Which was what they needed.
actually it was Kyrie that told Lebron they will be back
They're motivated to go to the finals and lose again. Need a new monster to face the Warriors
Steven A. Smith is so transparent. He is defending Kyrie because of his feelings toward Lebron. Why do you think that Lebron has not really given a interview or the time do day to Steven A. Smith? Smith is phony as a two dollar bill. Both he and Kyrie are Kobe lovers. Kobe has influencing Kyrie in his decisions and his current mindset and more than likely has help to set up the platform with Steven A. Smith for Kyrie to speak because of his relationship with Steven A. Smith. That's reading between the lines!
Man I would love to see the Cavs try! There's no way!!!!! The Celtics will destroy you!
Kyrie is a bitch he gone to do the same shit as a Celtics he is toxic
Let's Boston Beat Clevelands
Lmaooo niggas aint gonna say cavs got better when g.s slap the dog shit out of them
Rachel Nichols looking like a snack. Fuck the shit out that red head damn!
The cavs sound like bitter ex girlfriends now.. if they were smart they would've kept Kyrie and traded lebron .. King Kyrie is the closer!!
Entertainment is now noisy again with the return of basketball
Kyrie's ego over winning is gonna leave him unhappy
That ECF is gonna be lit. Game 7 thriller
Cav's ain't shit. They haven't gotten any better, they have gotten worster. I don't know what these idiots smoking but, no way that Cav's are going to win the NBA Finals this season.
The cavs need to be motivated to beat GSW not the Celtics
you got IT who was traded after leading Boston JAe who always want to him. Drose who trying to proof himself in the league. LEbron in his 15th year proving hes still the BEST. This whole squad is Ready
I just wanna say i dont watch espn any more because it doesnt matter. Its either Kryie Lebron or the Warriors that get talked about every day ALL day on every show !! Boring! i just come on here to comment.
Derrick rose gonna blow by kyrie many many many times\nKyrie's defence is ass
Shouldn't  they  be  more motivated  to  beat the defending  champions??
I don't get it. The Cavs got better. When ever you get a player like IT it cancels out Kyrie. Plus Crowder adds defense. Lord knows Cavs needed defense. They did get better. It's up to the coach to utilize those pieces. If this was popavich running this Cavs team. We would be talking about a title.
Then gets punished by the warriors🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Calling it: Kyrie's gonna score 48 on 37 shots and Lebrons gonna drop a 23 point triple double and win. K love will drop 32
well, that WOULD be more realistic than thinking they could beat Golden State...
All these casuals who think the Cavs got better.......LMAO
They are not beating the warriors.
I don't think people realize that Kyrie had sketchy knee issues last playoffs, he was basically a no show in the finals. He did go off in like 2 games but he definitely wasnt his usual self.
Yeah, the Cavs could be motivated and determined to beat Kyrie and the Celtics but.....\n\n\n\n\n\nCould they still beat the re-vamped warriors😈😂
still lavs will end up destroyed by warriors and lequeen will join his daddy lonzo in lakers
Rose is going to get injured
Why are people saying...THE CAVS GOT BETTER when they haven't even played a game yet ???  Better would mean they improved on DEFENSE.  NOBODY seems  to wanna talk about the Cavs terrible defense.  That's the main reason they lost the finals...they didn't have a defense.  Here is the reality :  It doesn't matter how much offense the Cavs have...if they can't defend...GSW - WILL - REPEAT.   Understand ??
Derrick Rose about to snap this year 21ppg watch
Kinda glad the happened for LeBron extra motivation even if not needed.
They should be worried about the gsw
Lol at those casual haters. 81 Down voted to 1k up. Lebron is the best right now, and the third best ever of all time. Now just grow up and accept those terms.
Remember when Kyrie got sat all of fourth quarter during the PLAYOFFS cause Lebron didn't need him lmao. The Lebron show!
Not until rose get injured or lebron get frustrated.
Hay ..... No one talk about Kyle Krover ..... He is a great arc shooter   and DRose still have it . I respect both the guys.
Jonah Hill sure knows a lot about basketball.
Lebron so great he worried about other peoples legacy.. GOAT
That's cool but on the real they going quit sleeping on HeatNation
They were gonna be em regardless and with kyrie on there Now. Its gonna be personal
they're about the same. and that's only said with Jae Crowder in mind, IT was the primary ball handler and scorer for the Celtics, the offense manifested around him mostly.\n\nin Cleveland that changes, LeBron will be the primary scorer and alot of the time LeBron will be handling the rock especially in the late third and fourth Quarter.\n\nlet's face it the cavaliers lost some guaranteed scoring and with ITs hip problem (if it's a problem) it'll probably be that much more of a deficit in the scoring colum from game to game. Isaiahs averages will go down especially with D rose  playing back up (maybe SG). they've gotten some solid depth but I don't think it's enough to beat that Celtics team in 7 games.
The Cavs are done. Kyrie sees that before everyone else has and yall call him crazy smh. Cavs won't make it back to the finals but IF they do, next season will be the last time..
o shit like clock  work they don't need kyri!
1:06 most awkward yeah of all time
Do you really need to get motivated to beat an eastern conference team when you are on a stacked team?
Celtics might not even make it to the Eastern conference finals, they lost all their defense and they can't guard John Wall or Brad Beal
Cavs ought to be motivated to compete with the GSW and the hell with Kyrie.  Kyrie is not the Black Momba nor Jordan esc. He will always be Robin.
Kyrie a dick, creating a negative energy during playoffs and finals
Cavs should try to get 3 rd seed in the east
Celtics are gonna suck on defense. Kyrie won't have Lebron covering for him. Hayward won't have Gobert covering for him. Morris can't play any D. Horford is old.
this cavs-celtics rivarly is still one sided...it will continue to be so until lebron goes somewhere else
They should be motivated to beat the warriors
Niggas forget Rose be locking niggas up with those knees too lmao just watch this season
D-ROSE Former MVP wins a championship. thats news.
The sound is always off on this show. Buy them a better mike or something
Can't wait for them to flatten the Celtics.
the only thing that Derek Rose is killing is his knees
this just created a great potential matchup of the celtics vs cavs followed by another great matchup of warriors vs cavs
they should be motivated to try win another title and take out anyone in their way regardless, singling out a weaker team is just lame as fuck haha pathetic cunts just sour they don't have a super team anymore hahaha
Chubby gum gum man doesn't know nuts about basketball, except its vague resemblance to a chocolate Lindor truffle
LeBron gonna drop a triple double with a win, Irving gonna drop 40 with 2 assists and a L
Easy question derrick rose and Isaiah Thomas  and lebron James
Maybe I'm dumb, but shouldn't everyone be motivated to beat everyone? I mean, it's kind of like their JOB or something.
Celtics aren't going to take an L
What's up with the shitty audio though??
This is the start of a new fairy tale. For the reasons being, DRose will start as a guard for the Cavs. And if he does show up, whew... classic comeback story
Theres no talking UP D ROSE!!!! IT SEEMS YALL FORGET!!! SOOOOO QUICKLY!!!!!
well drose has been killing it last season averaging 18ppg while sharing the ball with melo and porzingis
Finally they're motivated..
Optimus Prime is back.
Good
Celtics to get swept 😂😂
Lol totally forgot they had Rose😂.
Drose Finna gonna off this season
http://weburls.info/?refer=4774
I got my Celtics!!!!!
Cavs will struggle without Kyrie
Kyrie will get stronger
cavs tilted, why not beat gsw?
the Jump is cringeworthy
I’m gonna beat kyrie butt
lol what about GS?
wow jonah hill got fat again.
Thomas = Kyrie\nJr = Brown\nLebron >> Hayward\nLove > Morris\nThompson = horford\nCLE Depth >>> Celtics depth
Bronsexuals mad coz no one's gonna bail out LeBum now. LMAO!
Cavaliers are trash😂Lmao
LeBron James 4-5 or 3-6
Irving gonna cook Rose watch
Yip the cavs gonna wip the Celtics ass
Crazy how people are tripping because Kyrie basically said fuck Lebron. LMAO Just respect dude who kisses no ones ass like many seem to kiss Lebrons.
CAS WAY BETTER!
Derrick Rose only kills himself.
Guys I know this has nothing todo do with the channel but there was an earthquake in México City yesterday and theres a lot of help needed if you could spreed the word would help a lot
GOLD.
Swole af
*_swole af_*
guys are so cute
Jun go upload video on junskitchen
American’s are fat fucks
i work in korean public schools and the water habit seems to be what throws people the most when first coming here. No one drinks with their meal in the cafeteria, they just take essentially a shot of water afterwards on the way our the door. Koreans teachers always joke about how foreign teachers are always walking around with giant bottles of water lol.
Do people put as much ice in their drinks as in the US though? We might have huge cups, but often times half or more of it just ice.
there is almost a year that i don't go to McDonalds
Do those small Japanese cups at least come with free refills (if only for water)?  The volume of water consumed with a meal should be equal to or exceed the volume of food eaten.
0H M4h G4WD heck I have the same ruler as you guys
This video is so impressive, educational and food for thought.
Japan is healthier and Japanese live longer than Americans.
Rachel you stand out in the crowd sooo much 😂
Also lets not forget they jam pack the cups with ice
Thats was one of the most adorable transitions to an ad ive ever seen. I love them both 😂😂
something something but what about the amount of ice in the cups? usually american drinks are like 90% ice
I eat junk food a lot, but I eat it at the smallest portion (like getting the kids meal) and that's how I stay skinny.
best add ever
Lol!
holy crap 1M subscribers, good job!
BUUUSSSSIIIINNNNNNEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
MURICAAAAAAA
1.Make burgers smaller!\n2.???\n3.Profit!
This editing tho 😂😂😂
You're alive!
0:37 oh, hey rachel
swole AF 😂
BUSINEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
You guys are hilarious 😂
Coming from Denmark where people are constantly talking about exercising and eating healthy. This is how Denmark stands:\nMcDonalds\nHamburger - 253 kcal \nBig mac - 503 kcal\nCoca cola big - 212 kcal\nCoca cola medium - 170 kcal\nCoca cola small - 106 kcal\nFries big - 434 kcal\nFries medium - 330 kcal\nFried small - 231 kcal\n\nBruger King\nHamburger - 244.1 kcal\nWhopper - 613.6 kcal\nDouble Whopper - 851.7 kcal\nCoca cola big - 210 kcal\nCoca cola medium - 168 kcal\nCoca cola small - 105 kcal\nFries big - 347.9 kcal\nFries medium - 284.2 kcal\nFries small - 181.3 kcal\n\nTo sum it all up: If you want to eat the healthiest burgers and fries go to Denmark, for the healthiest soda go to Japan. Side note: most people in Denmark drink diet soda anyway. When deciding between Mcdonalds or Burger King, Burger King is healthier.
Greece is 3RD?!?!?!? WOWWWWWWWWWWW. I mean we do eat a whole lot and we add olive oil to ALL our foods Cuz tradition but at least what we eat is healthy😂 plus we don't eat out much, most often you can eat is once a week but our fast food portions are relatively small. Idk I'm surprised Cuz I don't see overweight Greeks often. That could just be me though😂
Jun pls, you haven't made many cooking videos to tell other that they should try your food. but no hate
WHY AM I SO BROKE?! your jewelerylooks amazing Rachel!!
I drink a LOT of water
3 MONTHS WITHOUT A VIDEO
Japan is a dieter's nutritional heaven. America doesn't have to be bad either, but most of their food companies suck.
I don't know never really like fast food lol and US food just does not do it for me hlah to much junk even in the so called healthy food..also does not help they add in a LOT of stuff that's not even food such as petroleum byproduct and more NO TY! >_<'  but I've really liked Japanese fast food lol they at least offer healthy options with no junk on them or in to make the food cheaper just good food yay. ^_^\nAs always I don't replay to anyone sorry and trolls ja u win good for u lol! :P
I thought in the end he was going to say The best diet is to eat cats. with the cat in front of him lol.
no waaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy I thought people in countries like Japan and Taiwan would eat out WAY MORE than people in countries like USA or Canada D:
I want a mcdonalds now but i live so far away...
Despite of size, personally I prefer to cook my meals because I control what goes in it. Not to mention that I hate feeling bad after having all of that greasy food. Because I don't eat fast food a lot. Fast food to me is a meal made in less than 30min. Plus I save more money because I usually make enough food for a few days. Jun, do you have meals in Japan that are good as leftovers? I know that it's different there because most meals are best served fresh. However are there tricks to meal prep so when the day comes to make the meal you want ends up being as flavorful if not more than if you'd made the whole meal on the same day?
The Jewellery is so gorgeous. What a shame that I am allergic to silver :(
With the drinks the clear difference is the American drink is at least 50% ice at minimum.
I'm hungry now -_-
How could you drink NOTHING with a meal? I would absolutely choke and die, omg.
Omg love the video 😍 I like the new style  of this video too 😍😍.. keep the good work guys .. can't wait to see your next video 😊
You guys are such dorks XD I missed your videos! Also the food is a lot different between the two countries too! We tend to eat a lot of red meat and bread here whereas in Japan it's more of fish and rice. Tofu is like a thing only health nuts eat in America lol at least where I live! Most stores only have a small selection of it if any at all.
the effort that went into this video is amazing
I got a little scared when he started talking about his cooking channel while the cat was lying on the bench 😂
Who is that gorgeous celebrity who is apparently fat and ugly in Japan?
I miss you guys!!! Thank you for posting again❤
Good job... you succeeded at making me ever more hungry... Thanks alot Btw I love ur channel!
Fluffy Haku the cat at 5:18
The CLIKBAIT\nJAJAJAJAJA
so interesting
That subtle advertising for jun cooking channel hahaha nice work guys, but on a side note yea Japan's fast food is still smaller than most of Asia. Was kind of shocked when I ate at McDonald's the first time in comparison to my home country.
I think something to consider is westerners are bigger than Asians by default. Not in fat, but actual body mass so the required calorie intake will vary. A huge problem we have is while things may not have certain ingredients in them they get replaced by much unhealthier alternatives to both save on production and pass laws that say food should have less of say sugar. Something may not have sugar in it, but it's just replaced with high fructose corn syrup which is much worse for you. There's a lot of shady practice that goes on that allows companies to bypass laws. For example, something may say it's made in america on the box but the item says made in china. What they do is claim that the box was made in the US, but the item was manufactured in China. Good times.
I do agree that Japanese are overall healthier. But am I the only one that thinks that the healthy bmi in Japan looks unnatural compared to the healthy bmi in America? In Japan it looks almost as if some of them are anorexic. I say that not to be offensive of course. But I'm concerned that the Japanese are starting to fall into the opposite extreme compared to America. America is too fat, but Japan is too skinny
The griiiid....it looks so effing perfect my ocd antenna is just loosing it :D
Eyy I subscribed to junskitchen before this one :D
Dang I didn't know America was so fat. I've lived in Colorado my whole life and very few people are overweight here.
I loved that jewllery when it first came out and still do! It's just I'm trying to be a minimalist and have a ton of jewllery already TT_TT
Jun should have a cook off with Shaylor and Rachel could be the blind taste testor.
Well done video! Very good edition and design of information :D
Quick question: how many cats do you have ?
In Japan, you can walk to anywhere. In the U.S., you either don't want to or plain and simple, why walk when you can drive.
My parents don't let me eat out and I can't even remember the last time I had soda.
I thought you guys had stopped making videos.
Sometimes I skip all the meals but most times it's lunch and I eat healthy foods I live in America
Rachel is so beautiful!!!
i'll admit the cup sizes made me laugh
no wonder if japanese are healthy,just...look at the cup size comparison...
The good side of those small cups is there's less waste and also you have less chance to have diabete
even if we say that japanese would eat alot. they would lose it fast cause of how their lifestyle is. 1 example is more walking less riding. compare to americans.
Japan's fast food come in larger portions than Australia's, and Australia is still super high on the 'most obese' scale. When I went to McDonalds in various parts of Japan, 12 year old girls tended to have a medium sized meal with 5-6 nuggets on the side. I'm 25 and I can't eat that much.\n I found most Japanese food to be super salty or sugary. So many sugary fake cream cakes and such.
when I went to the US for the first time, I was shocked almost all Americans are fat
hey there’s singapore too
my family eats out five times a week......😑I just figured out why i lost weight once i started living on my own....
I love using those big plastic cups for refilling water for when I get home. I drink a loooot of water (I mostly order water at restaurants because I love a good ice water) and my dad thinks I'm insane for drinking a bunch of water (I don't overdo it; plus its healthy!)
Sitting here watching this... and eating A&W fast food...burger and poutine, and root beer. Ha. Oh well, It's not like I eat out every night. It's like maybe twice a month.
I don't think Americans are fat because of portion size or caloric intake. I mean I eat wayy more than anyone I know and I weigh about 135 and I'm 5'10. But the difference is that I actually eat fruits and vegetables rather than just the standard American diet, which has a lot less calories and carbs than I eat in a normal day. But those are just my views on it lol no hate to anyone out there :)
Plus, which is why i like cities more than subers, we have to drive everywhere so we dont get our daily exercise
i laughed so hard at the business part oml
Wow! You make beautiful jewelry too? Girl, is there anything you can't do?!!?
I desperately need a new cooking video on Jun's Kitchen!
Rachael :D do you cook too? \nOr does just usually do the cooking at home? ^^
Ha ha shameless plugs at the end!!! 🤣🤣 I love it! \nI wish I could cook what jun has on his channel... 1. No time 2. Some of the ingredients are hard to come by. 3. I suck at cooking 🤣🤣🤣🤣
The necklaces and jewelry from your collection are GORGEOUS! If only I had money to but them tho....
I always just drink water. Juice and soda adds uncessary calories
In Portugal drink sizes are similar to Japan in fast food restaurants but at home we do have a habit of drinking with our meals in large glasses and it's usually wine :P
Rachel dressed in business clothes will forever be engraved into my memory as the most beautiful sight of my life. It's going to be the last thing to flash through my life memories before I pass away from old age. Bless.
Howdy guys, I've been watching your videos for quite some time now and wanted to say that you guys are great! My favorite videos are probably the ones about your cat's and the collaborations you do with other youtubers. Now, a question I'm having is can you go to Japan with an online bachelors degree? I can't go to a regular college due to medical issues I'm having right now and the online college I am looking at is WGU, they are like any other college only online. I've looked through JET and many other places but can't seem to find anything on this. I was hoping since you live in Japan and are able to read their language a lot better than I that you might be able to find something. Maybe a video could be made on this? Like where people can go to find out this kind of information and so fourth. Again, thanks for the videos and looking forward to future ones!
Okay. I wathced this video after founding it in the trending page 3 days ago I think, and now I must say I am a huge fan now! \nThe content you both make is amazing and your relationship alone its gorgeous. i´m subbed now to your three channels and hope you´ll grow more in the platform :) \nThanks! (from Mexico)
How do you eat meals with no water D:
I watch you guys for the the first time in over a year & its a sponsored ad Jun is still a total Hottie ❤ though :)
The US is far from being the more obese country though. Anyway, those soda cups are too big, AND those tiny water glasses are TOO SMOL ! I need water when I eat lol. Crazy people !
My country's listed at 59 somehow. Woah.
jun, please just stop advertising your cooking jun's kitchen channel ! it already is a big channel with just small amzount of high quality videos. what i trying to say, i love your channel, i so enjoy every videos. but at the same time i hate yout channel, because so less videos........ it is understandable, because high quality videos need times, but still (╬￣皿￣)=○  i need more videosssss ┐(◣_◢)┌
Please keep the pink hair 🙌
Your voice is so relaxing! I love watching your videos! Love you so much Louise :*
Honestly Louise is so brave after her horrible experience before giving birth.  This is especially because Darcy's birth is the only birth experience that Louise has had.
I love the little bit with Too Good at Goodbyes by Sam Smith :)
How about something gym related for Liam. I don’t know gym things but I gather from your vlog that he likes to go to the gym. Maybe a fitness tracker or some new trainers, gym clothes, a really cool drink bottle i don’t know
May be a little bit of depression/anxiety type thing, maybe talk to someone just to reassure yourself a little? Even just a friend?
You can look on Etsy for gifts for Liam. They have many sections that can guide you
Idk what is it this week but Louise u just look FAB! Love love love
it's a 7 foot tree molly omg i remember their video ahaha
Why don't you buy liam a trip away for you 2 before the baby comes and give it to him early then on Christmas give him little bits x
The pink suits you so much, it looks great!!
would love to hear more about hypnobirthing and other methods/syratgies you're using to feel calm
You are beautiful Louise ✨ Lots of love 💕
Anyone know where to get the Lego? X
Vlogging whilst pregnant is nice for the baby too :) like, you're sharing your day with us but at the same time bump can hear your voice :)
Wax out of containers - put in the freezer for several hours. Bring out and tap wax gently with a butter knife to break into pieces. Remove pieces and clean with hot water. Done and done.
Oh girls you have made my day. Ive just had jaw surgery and I can't laugh and shouldn't try. But you both have just made me laugh all through this video 😂
I watch all the weekly vlogs but particularly enjoyed this one! :)
Your hair looks gorgeous Louise! Just wanted to comment and say thanks for being so honest, we all have worries and will obsess over them if it’s something important to us, the internet is very much about portraying the perfect life at the moment which is great and inspiring but I really admire and relate to vloggers that are honest about how life really is with all its ups and downs! X
Me my cousin and my nan do a puzzle club! We gather at my nans on a sunday and have a roast dinner and then do a puzzle!! Love it x
Got to love a good speed-clean. I've been really enjoying your weekly vlogs, Louise, probably my favourite videos. Three cheers for the soft office!
usually I don’t like vlogs, but you are the only person I can watch and laugh out loud to 💙
Must be six times but I'm about done having to bloody stop and start lol! YOU LOOK GORGEOUS! AND MAKE A PTSD VIDEO!
A candle filing system 😂 so do I!! Finally someone who gets it haha x
This happened to me as well Louise. All I can say is that as awful as it is.....it will go away. Im sorry you are having to experience this. Xoxo
hair is very pink and cute kittens!!
For a present idea for Liam: for my boyfriend last year I got him a personalised wallet with his initials on (from notonthehighstreet.com) and also a little cute metal insert (also from notonthehighstreet) with a lovely message on to keep inside :)
Please don't apologize for talking about things that are happening in your life, even if it's not 100% happy. Save the filters for Instagram, we come here to see your real life.  :) Also, you might be experiencing some depression and anxiety from pregnancy hormones. It can really mess with your head. Sometimes it goes away after baby comes, but sometimes it can linger. Either way it's a good idea to talk to your midwife about it so she can help.
I had the exact same thoughts when i was expecting with my 2nd! X
put the container in the fridge :)
'What do you think of the red vibes? Does it make you feel like your about to get murdered or are in a brothel?' 😂
I love the pink hair!
Hey Louise, I'm 34 and maybe one of your oldest viewers but wanted to comment and say I love your videos.  Been watching you for years (that sounds creepy....) but I am also training to become a counsellor at the moment and I loved hearing you found CBT helpful, counselling really is amazing and I highly recommend it to everyone! Luv u x
Put the burned out candle in the freezer. Wax will pop out x
Love the pink hair it really suits you  I'm a new subscriber love your videos xx
Where is your lovely black and white star jumper from Louise? x
Put the candle in the freezer for 30 minutes to an hour....When you take it out it should have contracted  and will fall right out. I just did one the other day, it took mine about an hour.
put boiling water over the candle and then scrub after a bit to get the wax out!
As someone who uses candle glasses for drinking glasses (poor student life lmao) pour some boiling water into the glass and then set it in a bowl or a sink with hot water until the wax loosens up and you can basically take it out then wash it multiple times
You should be feeling really good for talking about ptsd after birth. It's really important for women to talk about, we want women to have a positive birth experience. Just remember you can do this 🙌🏻
that emma lady seems like a nasty person?
You always apologize for saying negative things but it makes you a real human if it was all rainbows and candy floss I would think you were a phoney, I have an almost 6 year old and pretty much had to stop watching the news once she was born, I can definitely get caught up with worries that are mad. Always appreciate your honesty!
Hi Louise - this'll probably get lost in the sea of comments but I'm 18 years old and I suffer from PTSD from when my fiancé went into hospital and I know how horrible this illness is and how much it can affect you - I think my top tips are to ground yourself and to know you've got over this once before and that you can again!! It's hard to stay positive but it's all about the mindset and you control your own brain - thank you for talking about it I feel better knowing I'm not alone <3
Someone's probably already said this but I put any sort of wax in the freezer to get it out of the container. If it doesn't pop right out after tipping it over, you can use a butter knife to lightly break it up into a few pieces! 😊
How do you tell the difference between the kittens like they are full on identical 😂 (and totally adorable!!!) ❤
I LOVE you, Louise xx
to remove wax from a candle you should put it in a freezer and then get the wax out with a knife :) never done it myself but i saw Ingrid Nilsen do it in one of her vids
@brummymummyof2 I have a candle filing system as well! I thought I was the only one!
*Liam present* how are one of those picture frames that have scan 1 scan 2 and now I'm here for him of baby pentland and maybe a experience day somewhere
I adore the mad af cat woman vibe you've got going on. This is very #goals
Hi louise, by the sounds of it I had a similar birth of my first child also 6 years ago. I have just had my second baby 8 weeks ago and the birth was totally different and much more of a positive experience. Just wanted to reach out to say every birth is different. Message me if you want to chat x
I could never have children I would definitely not trust other people because they definitely don't have your best interests and your being completely rational about this
I need a video on Emma's candle filling system 😂
LOVE the pink hair. And I agree with Em - you are doing a WONDERFUL job. Also love the mini Si quote at Homesense! xx
Love this vlog but did anyone feel like it ended abruptly?
an idea for the baby name reveal, you could carve her name into a pumpkin for halloween then put a candle in? just a suggestion x
I think the best way to get someone a good gift is to note in your mind what they want or need. For example, I had no idea what to get my step mum for her birthday this year. But when I visited her she was complaining about having too little mugs, and that they were black on the inside so she couldn't see when the tea was brewed to her taste. I remembered that and got her some cute ones with white on the inside. She was thrilled! For my boyfriend's birthday, I got him a nice sweatshirt I thought would suit him, and a fancy chocolate powder drink I saw him pick up in the store. It was too expensive for him so he didn't get it, even though he wanted to. He also lives outside my city, so he travels pretty much every weekend for 3-4 hours straight to see me (we both study), so I got him a traveling pillow so he'd be more comfy. So if Liam wants or needs new nice clothes, I think that would be the perfect gift!
Velvet Teddy has never looked good on me because I'm Blonde, but Honey Love which is a similar colour looks fab!
I love how your vlogs are such a mix of emotions and discussions about things that you are going through. I agree it is so important to talk about how you're feeling so they are an accurate portrayal of real life. It's why I watch you religiously 💜 love your hair and the kittens just melt my heart! And finally, to get the wax out of your old candle jars, fill them with boiling water and the wax will melt and float to the surface. Then you get a clean jar and a wax melt that you can use as well. It sometimes takes a couple of goes, but it does work.  👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
To get the wax out you just have to freeze the entire candle and it should pop right out!! Love you Louise <3
You have the best sense of humour I've ever witnessed aha
Is Liam into cars? You could get him a supercar racing experience, I got my boyfriend that for his 18th several years ago now, you can pick how many cars they drive and what ones - he always talks about how much he loved it! I found mine on Red Letter Days! Hope this is helpful :D
I love mildreds, they do good food and cocktails
No judging here I love puzzles!!!! I was going to get a Disney one too the other day now you've convinced me I really should!!!
This is my favourite weekly vlog yet! I laughed so much at the Home Sense section!xxx
great product and great price. you can use Argan Rain Shampoo safely.  you can thank me later.
My hair is slightly more purple than pink but it's still pretty colourful - can I join the pink hair gang?
This vlog is so pink, I love it :D
Put the candle in the freezer and the wax should just pop out with a knife. I've done it before with melted wax on trays and it works really well.
Why u celebrating Halloween so early? Xx
For lovely positive birth experiences - INa May Gaskin's Guide To Childbirth - this woman is the Florence Nightengale of midwifery and has overseen thousands of births since the 70s, and she makes it all so beautiful, natural, and satisfying.  Also, you have to watch Emily Norris birth video, I mean you'll want to have the baby right on your sofa I promise.
Can I suggest cutting down on sugar it can give you nightmares.  I had to do it with my oldest son he never really has nightmares now.
I want friends that come over to eat drink and do puzzles!!! 😭
Best way to get wax out of candle holders is to put them in the freezer, after that wax should be easy to remove :) Once you've got the main wax out of the jar, you can use a bit of vinegar to get any small bits off the side x
I'd put your candle in the freezer for a few hours, that way you can use knife to pop the wax out easily. You can use nail polish remover to get the wicks out if they don't come out with the wax. Good luck!
Maybe you could get something from Ted Baker which would suit Liam. Xxx PS LOVE the hair
A watch??? For Liam???
Oh my god I love your hair
watching Darcy's personality develop over the years is such a joy!
Ah I love your pink hair it looks so gorgeous!
Love the hair! :)
<3 <3
You are so beautiful!
Beautiful pink hair what dye did you use ? X
Mildred’s is amazing
What happens in CBT? Xxx
www.littlebluenest.com thank me later x
Congratulations
I love doing puzzles too
You're really funny
*Аre уоu lоoking fоr hot dаtеs in уour nеighbourhооd?*

AsQgxPjhqXU,\n *They hеre ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=AsQgxPjhqXU_982921
Best shopping vlog ever!!!  Laughed till I cried!
a massive pink haired bellend lmao
you look like rose quarts!^^
Awww kitties 🐱
Mountain tit😂😘
wheres zula
Counselling? I go regularly so things that keep coming to me & upsetting me can be dealt with before it gets any more. I had postnatal depression so have to keep on top of my low moods.
they are love 😍😍😍 these guys are so handsome❤😍😍😂
I swear I'm straight but that 00:59 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I love when jade says aaah in the minute 0:37
Who‘s here after #Despacito ?
awesome.......love the beat of the song
Little mix can you come to Dubai to preform at redfest in February PLEAAAASSSEE
This is so underrated!! Better than despacito
None of the CNCO boys are 21 and over \nThat's why they're not golding drinks 😅
i wonder i will get this song on aio downloader its so cool i repeated a lot maybe 100 or more timea 😂😂😂
These girls are legends! Love how far they are willing to explore music together! A little despacito but still love them!
its totally addicting.... no matter how much I listen to it... its never enough
That moment when you cant even type the short form of behind the scenes because they thought it was the kpop group..yes it is bts
And I thought the original was good!!! ❤❤😍😍😍
Thiiiiis loooooks a lot like He Like That by Fifth Harmony
This video is better than the original
can perrie go solo already pls her solo stuff would be amazing
only tongan know this word...Namu tae ...just for laughs
that titty bounce though why cant I have her
This is why i think im gay.... \nJESSSYYYY NELSOOOONNN 😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥
Is this song huff Spanish
I think zabdiel with perrie bc at 0:49 he looks like he ran over her.JUST GIVING MY OPINION
Jesy is so hot and the boys are sooooo cute.
I love how the comments are a mix between Spanish and English!!!😁
I love this but I don't understand any of the Spanish words LOL
i like spanish songs so daebak lol
I'm loving this
I keep on listening to this song because its my favourite song
The link I'm about to provide is to Dreaming Together by the Japanese girl group Flower, they did this song with little mix for little mix's album Get Weird \n\nITS THE MOST UNDERRATED COLLAB IVE EVER HEARD SO FAR!!! It's also MY Fave. \n\nhttps://youtu.be/MZA9AiTzfBE PLEASE GIVE IT SOME LOVE MIXERS!!!
15M is coming! Like if you're a mixer
I have watched this song like uncountable times. It's so catchy . If it stucks in our mind once we can't remove it. If you all like it very much press the like button. \nJust love this song 😍😍😍😀😎😎😀😃😃😃😻😻😻😻😺😺😺😺😻😻😻
8 Days, 14 MILLION views. Go CNOCowners and Mixers!💕💪 We are strong together😎💗
Can't wait for behind the scenes
I don't know what's more addicting, watching the video or listening to the song 😍
Just a TOUCH of BLACK MAGIC
I'm here for CNCO 🙋🙋\nErick 😍😍
ilove this song i am going to put it in my  channel
Thank god they did this song with Little Mix and not those trashy bitches from Fifth Harmony with their corner girl outfits. xD
I think I speak for all the guys here  Just me  when I say I \nonly came for the ass and tits \n\n\n\n\nSong sucks tbh Ima get hate ik already XD
The whole song I was like okay just dance together that's what the whole song is all about 😂 and then while I was reading the comments someone said that they haven't even met each other.... oh well
Lets dance 💃💃💃
we love jesy boobs !!! i LOVE YOU MOMMY ♥
00:00
gorgeous queens❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🔥🔥🔥
Love this song
0:52 0:55.  Oh my gawd.  ERICK u are so Damm attractive 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Perrie looking at anne from 1:52 - 1:56 thooo
Good job.
CNCOwner and Mixer!! \n\nYes Jess! Shake dat big boobs you have :) (im flat chested 😂😢)
OWWWW 😌
cnco ilove dis song
nono😭😭😭😭
Dios mio!! las miradas de Erick mata!
hi
Ahh jesy body got me pregnant
Cagaron la canción :v
i ship them! 😍
0:21 joel
Las bubis de Jessi se mueven bien riko 💦
OMO JESY IS SO Hot🔥😘
Hola
Soy      Mari.  Cruz
ahoi !
I kinda expected more
Bloom, Stela, Tecna, Flora, Musa, Aysha-Layla & Sky, Brandon, Timmy, Helia, Riven, Nabu & Danny, Sam, Lilith, DJ Ft. Lungu Denis Stefan - Reggaetón Lento (Remix) [Official Video]
Muy HOT! Me encanta!
like!
wtf
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8p9FfWW6IFM💔💔💔👆👆👆❤❤🔥🔥🔥🔥
Can i join MIXERS??????? 😍😍😍👸🏼👸🏼😘😘🔥🔥
1:11 when Christopher smiles at liegh Ann 😍😍🔥
I'm living for Jesys boobs
cnco looks very handsome
goodbye Despacito and hello Reggaeton Lento
Cncowner for life 💗
Daniela yo tampoco
Alguien más ama el minuto 2:07 donde Leigh-Anne dice La noche está para un rrrrrreggaeton lento Dios como amo a esa chica ❤️
Amo cuando Chris le manda el refresco a leigh 😍💘
Heeeeeeeaaaaa se siente el sabor latino aquí 😜💜
Cuando quieres mover las tetas como Jessy pero estas más plana que una tabla :(
La amo porque mis amores cantan en inglés 😍😘😍😍😍😍😍😍pero el problema es oírle mix porque salen muy encuratris😂😂😜 
Muy buena colaboración, la verdad se lucieron, no paro de escucharla.  😍💜
Por aquí tenía un like ooo aquí está
No esta acá la opción me dvierte? :P
Vean reaccionando a los vídeos de mava les va a gustar
La canción esta buena pero cualquiera que a Erick la pongan con esa
Jesy ven y hazte cargo de los hijos que me hiciste con ese movimiento de pechos😏😍😂😂😂😂😂 nunca lo voy a superar
nunca bailaron reggaetón lento por que uno de los chicos quedaria sin pareja
*NMMS LAS CHICAS LA CAGARON FUE MEJOR CNCO 😂😂😂😂 PERO NO ME GUSTÓ LAS CHICAS LA CAGARON  😡😡😡😡😡*
Richard camacho eres perfectisimo para mi te amo bby😍❤
Lo que mas me gusta de esto, es que por primera vez me salen comentarios en español😂😂 poder latino jajjaja
Que bien,  ahora en USA que canten en español.
OMG! Me encanta este remix dos de las mejores bandas americanas en una cancion 🤘🏾
Amo la pareja de jade y joel que embidia jade ,♡♥♡♥♡
Mi pregunta que le diría a los chicos, es: Si se enamoraron de ellas en un momento.🙇🙇
I don’t want to sound like I’m hating or anything but this song should’ve been made with fifth harmony since 2/4 in 5h are actually latinas. But atleast some of guys are Hispanic
I dunno any Spanish words they say but i think i like it 😂
Is is only me or Perrie doesnt seem to fit in the song...😭😭😭in my opinion perrie only fits in songs with high notes😌she only have little parts in here..
What's the boy's name , wearing black hat and black tshirt , the one that leighanne winked 😍
1:49 i love this moment when sesy seid bom bom bom
MY LIFE IS COMPLETE! ¡MIS DOS GRUPOS FAVORITOS DE CANTO EN LA MISMA CANCIÓN! 😀😀😀😀😀😁😁😆😆😆😆😆
Wait I swear most Tottenham players have said eric dier has a bad dress sense
Son Heung Min seems like a legit nice guy.
best fashion sense - Eric Dier (nominated by himself)
2:56 that voice crack
Most underrated player in the league is Dembele
I love Eric dierrrrr, Eric dierrrrr loves meeeeee
anyone else just completely forget to read what the hell theyre talking about
They call me chip diddy chip I don't tolerate lip diddy lip\nIf you know you know
Eric Dier He Should Be The Fashion Fail
I like this series but I'd like it even more if you didn't just do it with players that only play for spurs
Arse fans disliked
Looks like a tramp
I'm getting San Andreas vibes in this vid ..
Is there a reason the questions aren't asked out loud?
1st
Sometimes large, sometimes XL lol wdf
3:12 is CREEPY AF
good chemistry between these two, had a couple of genuine laughs
Hollywood Swinging by Kool & the Gang
Wait😂 did man say lamela got shit fashion sense because he come to his house in loubs?😂
Dier tryna say lamela has shit dress sense because he came to his house in loubs
Tubes loves that polo
What's the intro song
Is it a coincidence that I got an ad with Eric dier in just before this video
*Аre уоu loокing for hot dаtes in yоur nеighbоurhood?*

GlqXtCOaKb4,\n *They here ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=GlqXtCOaKb4_916326
i press like because the soundtrack
Why are they only interviewing spurs players everyone knows their answers
Who the even fuck is this
This shit is so repetitive now
Lamela wearing loubs how is that fashion fail
Get players from different teams 😪
Tubes looks so awkward interviewing people. Big babboons red arse face on him
You have could have interviewed any other spurs player and u choose eric fucking diet. This guy's personality is equivalent to a brick.
Came from a Eric dier ad to a Eric dier vid
Do more teammate 2.0
Funny is that everyone says that he is the fashion fail
Mad
Hemung min son what a marvellous name.
Hugo son! Hugo son! Hugo son!
Footballers are so un-interesting off the pitch
I love Eric dierrrrr, Eric dierrrrr loves meeeeee
I got an advert with Eric dier in it b4 the vid Lol
I think Kane's music choice will be proper shit
sunshine
2nd
Does anyone know the intro music? I heard that before ages ago
Do 1 with pogba
has he ever got u? nah never
anybody else notice Eric's voice break
Subscribe for exclusive football content
This cunt comes from where i live
1 viewer
can you do the same thing with pennywise? show us different versions like the original, the new version, female version & maybe a  cool pennywise. u kno, like a pennywise who's actually an edgy tumblr kid
i thought i had a crush on you with red hair......but now as a brunette, phew...my hearts aflutter
You almost resemble Jennifer Lawrence in this video!
Im a long time veiwer and genuine uncontested adult grown up, and I have to say, I love how you keep your youtube channel a safe and positive place for kids.
Ugh lex you're such an icon AND I LOVE YOU
you freaking SLAY in that wig you should try a dark hair colour some day 😩😩😩
This is the sponsored content I'm HERE FOR
Wow epic sponsors! Haha I love wonderwoman options! Yay options! :D Looks fabulous Lex 💚
hey do u think u can do a tutorial on coraline? maybe a pretty simple look like with no button eyes or stitched mouth? thank u! ps: love your videos :)
Hello Lex! Weird question, but how tall are you? I'm curious for whatever reason lol. Love you!
Dude your drawers shut closed when you mentioned they weren't in the shot before 😱😱
Lex, do u think u can do a Halloween video I'm trying to get ideas and make up for Halloween I love you!!!!!
YASSSSSS I've been waiting for this video ever since I saw the movie.......which was only 2 weeks ago
I am so here for the WW sponsored content. Love this!
Come thru sponsors!! 🙌 Warner Brothers and Party City, girl you betta cut that check! 😄😄😄
Yasss I love when you do tutorials that are 3/4 different ways! 💙💙💙
As always, love the video!
YOU SHOULD DO A PENNYWISE THE DANCING CLOWN MAKEUP TUTORIAL ! ! ! \n\n\n\n\nplease?
Halloween party inspiration :) Love these looks!
Hey Lex? when you were doing your liner it looked like you had some sort of white makeup sponge or something on your fingers but I didn't see you use it anywhere else. What is that and why do you choose to use it?
I like # 1. &   # 3. The most.
WOW, awesome! You are Rockin the Wonder Woman look!! 😊😊😊
LEX YOU INSPIRED ME TO MAKE A BODY ART / MAKEUP CHANNEL ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Could you do a tutorial for the Sanderson sisters from hocus Pocus?
This is really cool and I was hoping you could possibly do a makeup tutorial on Coraline... but like a creppy version?? You don't have to, just a thought.
What product are you using for the WHITE highlight lines on the lips??? Thx love you
You should do Harley Quinn the comic one
its 3 am right now and I'm supposed to b in school in 3 hours but instead I'm watching this
can u pls do a comic book joker
Hey Lex. I have a question. I was using my skin illustrator platte and I used 91% isopropyl rubbing alcohol. It worked fine for me. Just curious, do you recommend I continue to use the alcohol I'm used? Or should I use something different?
Hey madeyewlook i'm a huge fan so I was wondering if you could respond
you look so beautiful with dark hair, Lex! i'm in love with all the costumes!
look at lex with her fancy new costume! I'm a bout 5 hours away from any halloween stores this year so ill be painting a lot this year!
What a WONDERFUL (eh, eh?) demonstration of how, when one holds a sword, one is compelled to swish it around. Not making fun. I've always loved swords. MANY a imaginary monster fell to my self-made wooden sword when I was a child. Now I'm an adult & have a few of the real thing. Carbon steel, not that cheap shiny stuff that's only good for hanging on the wall. My point is, I understand the need to swish. I really, REALLY understand.
fastest.\nclick.\never.\nlove it!
me, thinking: why does Lex remind me of someone so much today\nI've been watching lots of That 70s show \nShe's reminding me of Donna Pinciotti
Original Wonder Woman?! That's my next cosplay and I could use some help from my senpai!❤️
You are amazing! I got my 16y/o daughter watching this because she is artistically savvy with very little outlet for it. You are a great role model, I'm glad you make these vids. The comic book makeup is some of my favorites. Keep creating these awesome looks...
This video is awesome I love the variety especially the Pop Art.
It's Halloween time and I have no idea what I want to be this year..... soooo..... time to watch literally every one of your videos.
AHHHHHHH this is so good !!!
DUDE THIS IS SUPER COOL I HAVENT EVEN WATCHED THE WHOLE THING AND I'M SUPER EXCITED
Oh my gosh! It looks like you just stepped out of a comic book.
i like the 1st and 2nd looks.
Can u do a Starfire tutorial? She's a red head like you!
this was soo good!!!! You ARE SO AMAZING!!! I do some of you looks for Halloween. My family loves you!!! You are so amazing. OMG! I am your biggest fan!
I just wish I could do even the barest one you did. I try to put on eye shadow and... well it's not pretty.
For Halloween this year, I'm going to be doing a slit throat effect, though I have no idea how to achieve that... Any tips?
Btw Alex have you seen Brian Dowlings book Redhead Beauty?
aahh I love you and this....this is amazing
Hi love you so much
You're amazing! So much talent! the comic book style one is my favorite, but they're all great!
i've never clicked on something so fast
Yessssss!!!! I LOVE THIS VIDEO SO MUCH!!!! YOU ARE FREAKING AWESOME!!!!
Is that costume in Party City?
Lex are you thinking of going to Australia
Imma be black canary from justice League unlimited
This is really nice and she is *really* pretty!!!!!!!!!
Spirit Halloween should sponsor you too
I love this! You look so amazing as Diana
EARLY-ISH SQUAD WHERE YOU AT??
LEXXXXXXX OH MY GOD THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
Thank you for doing this! I love Wonder Women and was so exited to see this video!
I like how you are a type one diabetic I am too
That's such a cute costume! 😍
I like the 3 wonder woman but to me you are the best at makeup and the best artist since you did the dog one.
Where should I get prescription contacts in the crazier colors
Can you do a Daria 4 ways? I'm going to be Daria for Halloween, and I think it would be cool to see a cartoon ish look, as well as a natural one!
I absolutely love wonder woman! Did you ever get to see the movie? It was so good. But the feels 😣
The costume looks so cool! I think I'd probably paint the crown so it would look more gold.
Please do a realistic female to male makeup tutorial!
Wonder Woman was badass!!! Loved that movie.
You should cosplay as Wonder Woman. You look amazing!
this is awesome :D your awesome this is very awesomeness :D lol love you ! Madeyewlook
Always love your comic book styles, your wolverine one was how I found your channel way back! Am i crazy though or had u not painted your door dark though? 🤔
My favorite makeup artist YouTubers are both soulless gingers
♥️
Or kitana mortal kombat
yay im early anyone else kinda early
Dope
Ahhhh!!!!! I love this! 😍😍😍
Yeas
I LOVE YOU
Early. Who came from Snapchat
Yayyyyy
oh haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Love you b!
😍 love ya lex ....how r ur sugars ? 😊
ayy
Sorta early..?
Amazing as usual, Lex!
Awesome!
Variety is good
I LOEV THIS SOOO MUCH 😍😍❤️❤️
Wonderlex!
DO PENNYWISE
Looooove it!
Hi ily
OMG WONDER WOMAN!!!!! THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!
FINLEY IM EARLY YAAAAAY I LOVE YOUR VIDS also...I've been subed ever sence 147 subs....soo ya XD
one of the only trailers nowadays that doesn't give too much away!! (David Bowie YES)
looking forward to this! that trailer had such beautiful music / sound editing
oooh! i'm very excited about this!
Looks really freaking cool!
Saw this in Cannes, this trailer really doesn't do the film justice - it's way more magical and mesmerising. This makes it look like a Disney movie...
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Todd Haynes. We're on board.
David Bowie,motherfuckers!!
Gotta love Bowie!
what's the song during the last ~15 seconds (after the trailer ends)?
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Based on love alone. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Then on the third day rose Him  from the dead.*\n*Now, though Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you, if you ask Him.*
I'll take 100
I cant find it on the site
Waiting for run the jewels bong
I don't see it in the link!
El-P ain't that skinny tho lol
100 ain't enough :/
r u n t h e j e w e l s
you have more than a 100 fans:/
You guys need to make more! !!!!
they should make more than 100 maybe 10K idk
It's already SOLD OUT.
Notice how they don't show the faces or full shot that long.  This doesn't look ANYTHING like them.  Misfire.  Just do a facial scan next time and 3D print it out.  RTJ needs to get a new team.
Well I got Gears of War because you 2 are in it, fuck it I'm getting the statue too.
Guessing with 4 k views on this vid alone...all 100 soldout quickly :'(
Wow! Should be a lot more than a 100.
hahaha, that's crazy. I would love to own one!
Ummmmm Can't find it......
I need this shit in my life
the 80's vibe is fucking amazing
aaaaand it's sold out already!
Give me all, please
I'm bout to cop two of each.
My wife's making moves to order this for me, she knows me too well!!! #wonderwoman
i have £20, is that enough?
Nooo already sold out, whyyy
Wow that sold quickly
https://www.facebook.com/HipHopCollectibles/
Already sold out god dammit
yes! want!
👉🤛
Dope. Reminds me of the Madvillain, Public Enemy, Tupac, Biggie, Necro, and other hip hop figurines/action figures etc
Killer Mike talks of peace and unity...then he's okay with being portrayed like Rambo. THIS is the kind of shit that makes niggas seem ridiculous to White folk.
Take my fucking money now!!!
Shout out to (I'm assuming) VICELAND for doing those coked up 80's graphics. #RTJ
Please tell me why we need these statues? I don’t get it.
from sellout crowds to just plain sellouts
Shakira's voice is perfect for that song :)
This video was edited in imovie ?
This was edited by a talent-less moron. \n\nSide note, Shakira singing zombie just brightened my day, JESUS PREFORM THAT IN ITS ENTIRETY SOMEDAY!
Shakira is never old❤️😍
Shakira's voice puts Beyoncé to shame.
OMG where is the other guy?. This is crap. Dislike.
that was incredible!
The old format was better. I was looking forward to them singing some Shakira songs the way James did with other people. I hope they redo this episode in the old format with James singing Shakira songs with Shakira. I didn’t enjoy this episode at all.
ooh, shakira's voice would sound great on What's Up? by 4 Non Blondes
Just let James corden do this. Stop stealing ideas. 🙄🙄🙄
This is rubbish. Apple ruined it.
All these speicel effects are so bad like 😂😂😂😂
I want to watch the entire episode!!!!
One of the biggest messes in youtube. Terrible video. Great singing.
The reason why Carpool Karaoke worked was the authenticity between the two stars. It was away from the studio, the audience, publicists and managers so we can see a genuine interaction. But this edited version from apple music completely misses the point. They try to glam-up the video with crappy effects to make it look 'cooler'. All they need to do is create a space where the two stars can relax and be themselves. (also, I miss James and his fan-girl love for the artists).
What the fuck is this shit!
I can't believe this just happened, it's like the video was tailor made for me... TREVOR NOAH ON CARPOOL KARAOKE WITH SHAKIRA!
Trevors Dope!!!
Te amo Shakira ❤❤
@eduardocarrero
two of my favorite people
Some how Apple managed to ruin Carpool Karaoke!
Que haga el cover en el Tour  el dorado.
Wtf is this?
I like the traditional carpool karaoke with James. This video has too many special effects . This guy has no charisma, sorry dude but is not like the others carpool karaoke. The only thing that is amazing in this is that appears Shakira. That's my opinion. Take care.
Inteiro???
Where is the full video???? Pleaseee
IY nino
She should do another episode with James !
Apple ruins all . i want to see Shakira with James Corden singing her songs and driving around
vuelve al género rock pop con el que iniciaste.
My dream has been done! Thank uuuu! OMG, she is singing one of the songs where she sings really similar to Dolores O'rordian...she has a really similar voice colour!
I want the FULL EPISODE please!!!!!!!!!!!!! also im a bit sad that she didnt do the carpool karaoke with James
I actually really like the editing. This is just a promo video, the full version won't have edits like this.
Love it !!!!
What is the song called
hard core rock, the cranberries? no way. that's pretty soft to me.
NO I WANT HER TO SING HIPS DONT LIE UGH
Yeah... Carpool Karaoke was good with James....
In the comercial they sing whenever wherever and hips dont lie.. WHAT HAPPENED!!!
I never knew I wanted this.
I think James is a little busy now,  maybe come back ......?
Zaambie zaambie lol
carpool karaoke shakira do it james plsssssss!!!!!
Shakira is legend
Fuck off Apple
Not loving the format...
This is how you are NOT supposed to edit...wtf??
Porta subanlo completo
Trevor is hilarious
I LOVE SHAKIRA
Hit that snare
Shakira is a freaking QUEEN!
This is crap, Carpool Karaoke but shittier?
BEST ONE YET!!!!!!
Where is James?
#bringbackoldcarpoolkaraokewedontwantthiscrap!!! Bring back old carpool karaoke apple ruins everything!!!!!!!!!😭
SHAK 4 EVER QUEEN. Te adoro, bba❤ me muero por verte en vivo!
She is amazing !!!
#BringBackShakiraToTheVoice
Nothing Trevor Noah has ever done has been funny.
DAAAMN, That sending money joke hit me hard trev! & with regards everyone hating on apple, yes they've messed with it & its obviously not as good as the original, but hey, didn't ppl complain about james & trevor taking over, now everybody loves them, they might improve, okay that doesn't take away the payment issue, at least lsb was on tv (where I'm from anyway). Now I've loved jc since before he moved to the us, but at least this way we get to see trevor & seth having a go, okay there have been some stupid ones...
Omfg she sounds exactly like the song
When is it coming on YouTube?
Ok, now I really love Trevor.  Wu Tang!!!
I don't mind Apple Music taking over, I mean they can get even more celebs on the show but WHY REMOVE *JAMES*  he was the reason for this show. It's like watching spongebob without spongebob in it.
Where's James? Is this not his show anymore?
zombi is a song in the future tour Of Shakira ! well see
Love Shakira - Zoombie
HOW DID I MISSS THISS???? LOVE OF MY LIFE TREVOR IS ON HERE. OMFG 💝💝💝😭
oh shit the wu tang got me
why does apple have to be everywhere so annoying  i want old carpool back.........I  was waiting for shakira's carpool and got this so unfair
Shakira QUEEN !!!
ha ha ha! Africa don't send money! LoL!
Terrible editing
Love Shakira 😍😍
Shakira killed it though
His last line 😂
I love shakira super voice
Omg now i need a shakira to cover zombie
only Spanish speakers know how much awesomer and cooler were Shakiras songs at her early years. Well, I guess Inevitable is the only remain of those\nPd: I miss James on this
Worst special effects ever :( Shakira with James corden in a normal carpool karaoke please 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻.
Now Im in love with that song 😍
Shakira likes The Cranberries? My life's complete
I love shakira she's such a great artist!
I'm a shakira fan from when she first came out in Latin America. When she was a little older, she was a full on belly dancer and a rocker. Her MTV live set was amazing too. I love that era of Shakira. Especially the song Ojos Asi... Zombie was perfect! 😁😁 I be looking forward to watching this one.
He's so surprised she likes rock. C'mon, she was a rockstar in Latin America way before the whole Hips Don't Lie sh*t.
Hardcore rock????
Woe Shakira should cover Zombie
Cranberries!
I love shakira! 💙
Shakira and rock...Invitable, Devocion, Nada,Escondite Ingles, Quiero Mas, Lo Imprescindible, Tu Boca  ect ect
Como se llama la canción 0:37
Disculpen dónde está el completo? Yo quiero ver a Shak♡
Quiero que haga el cover😍 completo de zombie en el  DORADO World Tour 👑❤
Para los que dicen que Shakira no canta.
Aqui se le nota los 40 la VERDAD pero linda
Jajajaja Shakira, you have no idea, that is not hard-core 😂
What is this song 0:24 ?
He is boring
Take a shot every time she says Girl
💋💋💋
Do u have a snap?
I liveeee for these favorite videos😭😭😭
I just started a channel that involves beauty and much more! I hope you can show some support on my channel and subscribe! thanks love❤️
You look gorgeous as always :) would love an update on the electrolysis :)
All of the makeup literally looks like she hadn't even touched them before filming the video...
When all the Gucci items add up to more then you can budget to spend on yourself in the next two years 😂😂😂
Don't worry, I won't hurt you. Proceeds to throw them carelessly.
I saw your film Gigi and i just have to say  I LOVE YOUR DAD!
I thought ur never gonna wear extensions again .. didn't u make a video saying that ?
When she threw the Gucci bag, my college tuition flashed before my eyes.
You have awesome things!!!! \nYou are great!!
he keeps looking uglier and uglier. im sure he stopped taking his hormones.
Long hair looks way better
Any small youtubers want to support each other?
GiGi ... pleasssssssse 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 do a tutorial on your eye make up in this vid .. i am so in love with it ❤️❤️❤️ #staygorgeous
why is a  lot of gucci clothing legit ugly tho
What are these catlike noises in the background?
Yessss I live for Gucci! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
guurl i love you and actually bought some of the items you showed in your favorites <3 PS: people let her do what she wants and if you think she is materialistic or anything then stop watching her video and go be sad !
Did your hair day  to be on style mermaid very  chic!
anyone else trying to look to see the pricetags price of the knee high socks?
You are looking gorgeous! Love the makeup and hair! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
buying a 1790$ bag is stupid
Can you please get ready with Jeffrey star on his PJ
Oh my god, those boots are $1,600.... \n\nI don't know why I even thought I could afford them when I saw them. Haha.
Gigi doesn't care about YouTube now that she has that billionaire money. Too booked to be bothered hunnnayyy!
Since Gigi did her lips she just looks less feminine...
For real thought the cat in the back was my cat. Looked over and hes asleep. Damn that cat meows alot!
No hate but Y  she throwing (almost) everything away > showing how much she appreciate the things  😐😐🤔🤔 easy comes easy goes
Why do you always throw your things after showing them
Gig I want a reality show from u I'm talking Kardashian
i watch these just to watch her throw stuff. I've been watching since like 2010 when she used to throw stuff behind her and sometimes break stuff lol.
I don't want to stain this white couch *sprays it anyway*
1:20 Wait.... the bag is blue? Am I the only one seeing purple?!
This is everything. I severely missed your iconic throwing of items!
Wow talk about being materialistic and shallow
Where is that sweater from? Does anybody know?
If anyone is wondering the outro song is Dangerous Girl by 1waytkt
Can someone add all this up? This video is literally thousands of dollars
I've been loving the $10 Snoopy shirt I've been deciding wether or not to buy for a month on Amazon.
She's been looking worse and worse lately....
no way are you actually MAC NC45 when you're tanned..that's my shade and I'm Indian lmao
The lips are not feminine they are hideous, you are a skinny Trisha.
Omg it's like totally my favourite thing - never worn it, still has the tags 👀
...bullshit, she looks like a meth addicted pole dancer at a titty bar called Wrinkles & Scars...
yeah it's such a genius idea to review your favourites and then throw them across the room after you present them
Why am I subbed to Gigi Gorgeous? 😩\nStop forcing your suckage on me YouTube!!!!!! 😡
did anyone else hear the cat screaming in the background?
Those sneakers look like something I would have worn when I was 12 ... actually probably not even then lol
U remind me of my Barbie cartoon I used to watch
Nats, Gigi and you are so cute together so beautiful,, but too much makeup for Gigi
I like how she just throws her bag like it a ball
I want PR so bad! I would cherish that little mini fridge! It's so cute!!
You can tell she's okd
why did u suddenly turn into taehyung the gucci king lol
Wow im so jealous hmu girl I'm just a broke drunk uni girl xoxoxox love you so much pls someone support and like this
Missed these types of videos from her 😍💞💞
LOL she had to get Mario to send her foundation.. she couldn't buy it herself?
Omg, obsessed with your makeup look right now!!!! So gorgeous, and the hair, YES!!!!! 💖💯‼️
$145 for a pair of socks.....damn
I adore you, but I dunno if that eye look goes with the bold lip. The bright pink lip kind of makes that lower lid look like you've got bad allergies, have been crying hard, or are coming down with pink eye.\n\nYour eyeshadow is flawless otherwise.
wait, she loves that bag but throws it around like that? she just has so much gucci that none of it means anything XD already turned off from this video, but whatever she doing her i guess
@ Gigi Gorgeous, I REALLY LOVE YOUR MAKEUP 😍
No hate but her hair looks like ramen noodles
What is happening with the background noise lol? Do you have a cat? Am I the only one who noticed That??
Love the boots
giiiiggiii u need a makeup lineeeeee
You be you gigi
THROWS A $2000 PURSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >.<
ilove you gigi
obsessed with this hair!!!!
The sneakers look like mature twinkle toes
Stop..
$760 for a headband. Y tho.
Hot diggity damn.
what happened? looking very bricky...
Kinki boots
vain af
the Adam Apple tho
i loveeee that tanner its amazing
You look beautiful
your so PRETTYYYY!!!! TODAY!!!😍😍😚
You need allah
That ramen noodle hair! #heyyyJT #heyyyXtina
nice blue purse
Closet tour video
Gigi is soo adorable...love her
chingon
Jakim pustostanem jest ta osoba....
Mexico is in such a bad situation, and this girl is just showing her Favs
I'm not gonna lie i got triggered when she threw the bag, The OCD Went wild xD
Stop throwing these expensive items ! So disrespectful and a ridiculous attitude
Most superficial, materialistic video Ive seen of you..... Dissapointing
So where does her money come from?
Check out my latest video!  😘
I will never for the life of me understand people whom live in excess like this.
Who was the designer of the sneakers she has? i couldn't understander her and the captions didn't help.
I WATCH ANYTHING WITH BLAKE SO I WILL BE WATCHING THIS.
For anyone who doesn't understand it:\nGirl is blind and married to guy. She is young and pretty so once she gets the surgery and gets her sight back, she feels more adventurous. She probably doesn't like her husband anymore, and sees her chances with more attractive guys. She turns more independent, until she starts to lose her sight again. \n*dun dun dun*
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
Why in gods name would they chose to release this on the day of the Stranger Things season 2 premiere....
Man turns into a man baby after his blind wife gains independence. Seriously. Instead of growing a pair and letting her have some slack you'd rather get jealous. If anything she deserves freedom. But it's obvious this plot will follow a man who prefers to be in control in the relationship. Like way too in control.
Perhaps this kind of dark role every woman plays in their life....
Blind married women gets to see for first time. See's attractive people for first time. Wants to bang said attractive people. Sluts it up. Hubby gets sad. Former blind, but still married, woman sluts it up for awhile, discovers herself but soon finds out that being a ho is shallow and soul crushing. Runs back to hubby. Hubby, as he's a beta male, takes back the slut. She gets to have her cake and eat it too. Very Hollywood. Very 2017. Much feminist. So independent womyn. Wow.
Well that escalated quickly...
song please?
Song name?
Am I the only one who immediately thought of The Eye from 2008???
love it !!!
Good song by HAZAMA \nhttps://youtu.be/QuufCmRkLns
whats going on
You'll float too
Chilling, i literally have chills all over
Wait what
Thank you Philip DeFranco.
People are going to think this is a thriller from this trailer.. Pretty sure it's an existential life-course type movie.
This looks fuckin offit. Can't wait to see it
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
Well shit. 😃
This plot reminds me of that movie with Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth just that she had amnesia and here Blake is blind
captions please!!
I'm actually scurred
My Last Duchess
WTF?! Watching!
That's fucked up
Seems very interesting
What
tukin
Can’t wait !
Must see
more trailer https://goo.gl/NHB5rg
Looks great, Blake Lively is awesome
Who else is lost?
I don't get it.
They already made this movie.. is called The Ticket
Very good by the looks of it . Can I get 50 subs without making any videos. I'll sub back too 👍
Why are all trailers now made creepy? I bet the actual movie is not creepy at all,  the plot makes it sound more mystery
I would say this to my pizza. All I see is you....\n\njokes aside, If you reverse the gender roles and tone down the horror, it might look like the movie The Willow Tree where a man regains his sight (after losing it in his childhood) and rethinks his marriage and life. in the end his body rejects the transplantation and he loses his sight.
Great... another It Comes at Night
I think I had read a book a lonf time ago where a woman gets eyes transplanted and her personality starts to change to that of the donor  and she becomes very paranoid while another person who got a heart surgery also changes in personality and both do a total 180 degree flip... but tht donor was possessed or somthinf so thay thig becomes part of these two.
So she starts seeing and cheats on her husband.
C U C K E D
Blake keeps rising on her acting skills and the quality of her films
What's the fucking plot
Watching this trailer, I have absolutely no idea if this is a horror movie, a psychological thriller, a drama about an abusive relationship or something else entirely...
Bloody chick movie... I was waiting for a terminator to show up... you can take the eyes out of a whore but you cant take the whore out of the eyes
Story of a rotting girl
I wonder how this movie is gonna turn the man into something bad, and the woman into some kind of hero?\nHmmm
He knew once she seen what he looked like and how she looked she was cheating lol
Blake lively❤️
Omg Blake lively😍
Fucked up version of At First Sight
Every eye movie I've seen was stupid
Sorry Stranger Things 2 is on that day also
the movie will end with him blinding her again to try and get her to stay with him
It can't be thriller without a sex scene huh!?
another marriage is horrible and men are all evil plot, so original
-----------------------\nHi everyone, anyone wanna hear the ture gospel?\nSearch: Renee Roland\nEveryone in the comments are nice kind people they can answer your question or etc. \n------------------------
It's said that the ideal arrangement is a blind woman with a deaf man. Playa had it half right. Done messed up.
Is Ryan ok with this ?
No need to watch this movie. Eyesight makes her a whore. The end.
It seems the only real hardship this loving couple faces is difficulty conceiving a child but when Gina is given the...\n\nI bet he was giving her Plan B, but told her they were prenatal vitamins or something.
A wise man once said... THESE HOES AIN'T LOYAL
Did the guys over at Explosm Entertainment make this trailer?
She's given a second chance at sight and the idiot chooses to ruin her body with cigarettes.  Classic.
Slowing down a pop song in the trailer  trend needs to die ...
The husband ends up re-blinding her in the end because his fear of losing her becomes too great.\n\n\nOops!   SPOILERS!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND, I'M SCARED.
Finally a trailer that doesn't give away the damn plot!!! It looks good
There is almost a  20 year age difference between the two actors...
They should've had Ryan Reynolds play the husband hands down. I'm not saying that you should have the real couple play the couple in movies, I'm just saying that they are already a perfect couple in real life and they both happen to be amazing actors, so Ryan should've without a doubt played the boyfriend/husband role.
Idk her acting is never that convincing to me especially in emotional scenes but looks interesting
She looks like that Blake girl......oh
Looks like after getting her sight back, Serena Van der Woodsen's starting to *see* his true colors. Xoxo, Gossip Girl.
It would be cool if her husband wasn't a psycho but instead he left her and she took her sight for granted but at the end of the movie after she has lost everything her husband comes back.
They should change the name of the movie to All I see is your pussy lol \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm joking
So did she found out she's married to an older man, and she's a young woman taken advantage due to her blind sight ???
So the husband goes out of his way to get her an operation to see again and the first thing she does is fuck some other guy. That's some grade A cunt right there.
why serena still a hoe even after gossip girl...
Woman gets sight and best a whore and then loses sight again.
That turned dark real fast😳
Great  Nice video\nMore New Girls Mastiii Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/mO_20V0U_fs

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/fxrAv-kU8DI

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/kCWr6tDRdVQ

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/DIjNtExc8_M

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nGirls Dance Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/Els3Jwyvy3A

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/EI9EgdNroi8

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/ijQNLNVUe8I

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nSchool Girls Dance Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/fxrAv-kU8DI

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/KG_Y9NZ8wMU

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/6KE7NINKqcA

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\n

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nHorse Race Video Here_

GVvqt-8-fz0,It's been ( about ) a year since I've discovered you and followed you along you beautiful journey! Also I'm praying for your grandfather who is just so wonderful! 💛\nEdit: this is a repost BC there were annoying comments that just weren't okay!"
Girl the fact that you're trending now I love u I want u to myself
I WAIT EVERY WEEK FOR THESE VLOGS. I've watched this vlog thrice its so nice
i started crying im so sorry about your grandad i truly hope he gets better ik what it feels like
Never seen two better dressed people in my life 😩😍 this video was so pleasing to watch and I'm definitely subbing xx
I love you so much... I always get impatient for your next videos... the make my day better
Oh. Your grandpa reminded me of my grandpa so much that was strangely touching 💛
praying for your grandpa and that he gets stronger :) my grandfather just passed away but I know he's in a better place 💛
the scene with your grandfather really touched my heart. it reminded me of when i had to say goodbye to my grandmother before she died. really hoping for the best for both of you. much love.
So smart turning the bed upside down! It looks much more comfy 😇
Her new short hair look so sweet 🍭🍭🍭🍭🍭
You. Deserve. More. Subscribers. Uggghhhh.
My blessing go out to ur grandpa and hope he gets better soon💗💗
Hello! I just discovered your channel. You're actually the only non-kpop/korean channel that I subscribed to cos your vlogs are so raw and quirky and not controlled by some brands and ads. Like your videos are the real meaning of vlogs. It's about daily life and not some fancy sponsored vlogs that have no life. Sorry that was long 😅 And you seem like a nice and respectful and family-oriented person. 💕😭 I found another favorite Internet person. 💕
All the best for your grandpa❤️❤️❤️
Is your sister also attending RISD or is she just moving to RI?
hey!! ive been insteresed in applying at rhisd and i was wondering if you were staying in a dorm or an apartment!!
I couldn't stop laughing when your cat hid behind the computer at the vet!!!!
I miss your pink hair. but you also look so amazing in your hair now. ugh.
What school is UNI ?
How's your grandfather now?
What course does she take?
I cried when I saw her grand father omg 😭😭😭
i love you! Thank you for inspiring me
What uni do you guys attend? Those dorms look so nice
Omg where did you get that textured mustard crop top??
Wow your view is amazing! My view at my school is of an Ihop and a parking garage (altho not complaining that much cuz I love ihop). I'm a freshman at college and so far its been SO much fun and pretty easy.
your sister is so cute! I love her whole look, with the haircut, the blush, the checkered dress, the green coat, its all so cute!
annabelle, you and lillith both look like anime characters honestly!! both so aesthetic :) also best of wishes for your grandfather!! i hope youre all doing well :) also, i have officially just had my first date recently with my gf!! us in the lgbtq are so happy 😊 i hope you guys are having a great day!! :D shine on :)
You inspire me to make more art and put an effort into my appearance. Thank you!
Just feel so cozy watching this video. Just like morning coffee in a comfortable armchair and watching   Birds and squirrels outside the windows. And then fall asleep.
its been a while since i've watched one of your vlogs and man, i've missed you!
Really really appreciate the description 💖!!
Wow her sister's hair is so different! But it suits her!!! She looks so youthful and adventures
I literally started sobbing when your grandpa came on :'( He reminds me so much of mine. I hope he gets better soon!!!
the second i saw the hospital clip i just started crying - my biggest fear is losing my grandparents.. i just never want that to happen, i love them too much
Does anyone know that name of the cute cafe she met her friend Amanda at ??? So cuteeee
Your grandpa is very precious & i hope he holds on for longer :’) also love ur cat so cute
oh I remember seeing your grandpa in your past vlogs and he brought me so much joy. The clips of your grandpa got me. Praying he'll be well.
Your vlogs are beautiful and very relaxing
I appreciate the small editing details you add into your vlogs. Like when you were washing dishes, the camera shot from the side, and then from inside the cabinet as you put the dish away was really seamless! Lovely work
i was crying so bad when i saw ann's grandpa.
the part with tour grandfather made me cry
I just started my freshmen year at scad and the work you do and out into these blogs really inspire me to do my reading 😂
first video of urs I’ve seen and ur grandpa part made me tear up :,( ❤️ love ur vlog so far ! Ima subscribe lol
did you keep the puppy ??
I'd cry to let go my cats 😭
Why am I crying in the club😭
Seeing your grandpa reminded me of mine and now I'm crying lol
aw your grandpa :((( i remember seeing him in all ur christmas vlogs n when he popped up i just sobbed :( i rlly hope he gets better n is able to come back home w u n film more stuff :) cheer up annabelle!
hope your grandad gets well soon <3 much love to you and your family
I cried when I saw your grandpa,  he is so cute . I haven't met my grandparents , they oases away before I was born , but I really love grandparents , their so sweet . I hope he is doing well :)
I LOVE the vibes to this video
HOW DO YOU KEEP  YOU BAG SO CLEAN! Mine gets dirty sooooo easily
You are so wonderful
the grandpa part made me cry so bad haha...i really hope that he does stay there till the end of the year :')\ngood luck
JUST TELL YOUR SIS HER NEW HAIRSTYLE IS TOO NICE !!
I cried so much when you showed your grandfather :( I hope he's doing well!
shout out to kens ramen, place is an 11/10
I don't know why, but the part with your granddad had me sobbing! I really love your videos!
Apartments are soooo much cheaper than dorms and gladly better for art school
I love love love this vlog so much it's so cute and I feel like moving in with you guys 😭
Crying like a baby. Hope your grandfather feels better soon.
I'm so excited for more VLOGS this is amazing
I love you... that's all I can say...
The grandpa clip.I've been crying for good 15 minutes now.Hit me right in the heart
Always love seeing new videos from you, makes me feel so creative 💛
Your videos are SOO NICE! Well done!
Your sister looks beautiful with her new haircut ❤️
i love watching your videos before bed ! they really help you wind down and your dorm and the places you go are so cute !
Your grandpa is so cute, I hope he gets better! ❤️❤️❤️
you're so such a baby, you inspire me on every single vlog. I hope you get all the sucess that you deserve
I love your vlogs so much, they make wanna be productive and do stuff💞💗
This vlog made me cry. So beautifully edited as always Annabelle- I'll never get over how emotional, raw and cosy you're videos are⭐️💛
Its so nice you were able to settle in again! <3 Im praying for your grandfather, he looks like such a sweet being :(. much love !! <33
my cat passed away recently and looks a lot like pumpkin! he's so cute and i was very happy seeing him in this video.\n\n\nAnd you and your sister's hair is so cute!!
Can you vlog again your cat
Your sister's hair looks amazing😻
I'll do my homework....right after this video
what camera do you shoot on ?
I wish your grandfather all the best, and hope he has a speedy recovery.
The same thing happened to my grandma recently 😪 praying for your family x
i told myself i wouldn't cry at the scene of your grandpa at the hospital, but when he started waving and saying goodbye, i burst into tears. i recently moved to another state, away from my grandparents and i miss them oh, so dearly. not having them across town anymore has been so hard on me, but i know they'll be okay. i loved this vlog and i love you, annabelle!
I hope your grandfather gets well soon, you have my prayers...
this is so so so enjoyable i love your vlogs and your sister's new haircut looks amazing
your granddad seems really sweet x i hope the best for him and your family!! and have a wonderful time at uni!
Her new hair cut is so cool
Your videos are so pleasing and calming to watch, thank-you for that! I'm excited that you're back at RISD because I'm from Providence and love seeing the familiar sights! I actually used to work at the Seekonk 99 Restaurant for six years before quitting to do YouTube full time :) Sending love to you and your family <3
Welcome back to Providence, come by Hometown Poké sometime!
LORDDDD SHORT HAIR SUITS LILITH SO MUCH YOURE ADORABLE
ur ganpa is the cutest
aww ur grandfather melted my heart😭💗
Dorm tour!!!!
希望外公可以好起来 早点回到家💛 😥
爷爷 aaaaaaa. bless him. bless him so much.
FINALLY OMG
你是南方人吗？？
Trending wow!❤️
Your grandpa ❤️💔❤️
I like all of your vlogs. This one I liked especially bacause I just started my first year in uni, and I left my country, friends and family for this. This vlog is very relateble and heatwarming! I'm so happy you girls live together now! You're so adorable together! :))
Why do I still cry when I see you and hear your wonderful voice?? Why does it hurt so much??\nI will always regret, my beautiful nightingale, that I never had the chanche to thank you so much for being my compagnion through every stage in my life... I can only write it down again, as I did so many times before: Thanks for the songs, Mr.Cohen..\nBlessed Be;\nAlthea )0(
Is this the official music video? A fitting tribute, I could imagine the spirit of Cohen walking through his memories after death while watching this, he left the table, he's out of the game, but the music is still playing on.
This should be #1 on trending , and casey neistadt should be last, or off it completely..permanently...
Give me a Leonard Cohen afterworld
I love this song and the video is just perfect for it! Thank you Mr. Cohen!
the one and the only. thank you, to share your life with us. I miss you.
I don’t need a reason\nFor what I became\nI’ve got these excuses\nThey’re tired and they’re lame\nI don’t need a pardon, no no, no no, no\nThere’s no one left to blame
Beautiful song, we love you
did a child write these lyrics
this made me sad at 2 am
To all the lovers...!
This is one of the most haunting songs I've ever heard.
Wait, didn't he die?
May it rest in peace his beautiful soul and may his songs live on.
I believe Leonard Cohen to be a genius and a philosopher and this simple song very moving in view of his impending death but am I the only one to find some of these images lacking in taste and unworthy? A sort of poor Leonard Graphic moving in the clouds. Really???
It's nice to honor him few days earlier from his birthday
Thank you for making art in this world of misery and bad people. Rest in peace, artist.
Wonderful ! Thank you very much !
Sigh...We really miss you Leonard...now more than ever. But hey...Everybody knows...that.
Really beautiful video, I admit I shed a few tears just like I did the first time I heard this song❤️
Poet, prophet, performer, keeper of our love.  <3
Thanks you for  your beautiful  songs, Thanks ypu for returning a bit of my Tug! I miss you Tug!
And now there's tears in my eyes
All that I can say is... thank you, Mr. Cohen, thanks for the good music and the company.
He is an angel.
i love you, leonard. thank you♥️🌹
Leonard Cohen's continued gift here, to me, appears to be about letting of mind's construct/ the material world manifestation and resting in the essence of It All. This is the kind of death that is selflessness, knowing our True Self, alive in what lasts forever in this only moment at evolution's edge. Truth. Knowing. Bliss.
Rest easy Leonard! You are missed and loved!
Cohen died, his art is immortal
The table has come back, now majestic.
video by the amazing Christopher Mills !!!
Wow.  Pure poetry and evocation.  Farewell Leonard, I wont pretend to think I will see you on any other side, but damn, you gave real sound to my life on this side!
This was probably one of the greatest birthday presents I could have gotten, Thank you for being you Mr. Cohen. May you rest in peace ❤
2:25 And could I ask you, each person to light a match, so I could see where you all are? ... I would love to see those matches flare :')
really dig the video and song. here's a write-up we did about it https://zumic.com/leaving-the-table-leonard-cohen-youtube-music-video
You are missed, Leonard Cohen.  Thank you for all you sang and wrote.
Love L. C. . We dont blow out the flame. I can feel it. You my name and you tell me from yor star that you are stell my lover. Kiss from your baby. L.J.
13 people just don't like emotions I guess
So glad I was able to see him i concert a few years ago.I thank you,sir.
I’m leaving the table\nI’m out of the game\nI don’t know the people\nIn your picture frame\nIf I ever loved you, oh no, no\nIt’s a crying shame\nIf I ever loved you\nIf I knew your name\nYou don’t need a lawyer\nI’m not making a claim\nYou don't need to surrender\nI’m not taking aim\nI don’t need a lover, no, no, no\nThe wretched beast is tame\nI don’t need a lover\nSo blow out the flame\nThere’s nobody missing\nThere is no reward\nLittle by little\nWe’re cutting the cord\nWe’re spending the treasure, oh no, no\nThat love cannot afford\nI know you can feel it\nThe sweetness restored
A beautiful soul. I miss LC, he was one of a kind, thank you Leonard Cohen for your style and grace
people i no had breack downs ..your words gave them truth an hope
Oh what a great voice. Thank you for being in our mind Mr. Cohen. R.i.P
I don't like this.
Hearing this incomparable voice makes it difficult to comprehend, that he actually is gone ... Leonard Cohen forever!
Rest easy Master Cohen. Love you.
This is my  favorite from the album. Was this video created by LC himself? I did not know of it until today.
He is still my Hero.\n I hope people don't use him.
Happy birthday Leonard...rest in peace friend
thank you sir for helping this 22 year old male with his life problems. your music is beautiful and that's coming from a real ghetto polish kid. Thank you to my father also for introducing me to your music, it really helped me to heal wounds.
This made me cry so hard
Happy Birthday Leonard,  wherever you are now.
Teach the Angels to listen your  b e a u t i f u l  songs!!
♥ Mr. Cohen ♥\nBeautiful song...\nThank you very much ♥
thank you
This is blowing my flame ...mind blowing !!
waw  sublime  merci  <3
Thank you
awesome
simply amazing.
prachtig lied en mooie video
beautiful t,s Мr
Magic
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
Beautiful!
I'm speechless ~
Love him❤️
👍
an actual poet
Leonard Cohen - Leaving the Izrael
Hermoso!
Igen!!!
Wonderful song !!! Rest in peace Genius !!! Hallelujah Leonard !!!! ✨
¿´? .
💖
THE BEST
WOW
YESSSSS, Thank you so much Leonard Cohen
Dieser großartige Künstler wird für immer unvergessen bleiben.
Sad but beautiful. RIP Leonard Cohen.
Thank you. Love
the master
Merci Mr. Cohen!
♫❤♫
Obrigado Leonard Cohen..
miss him.
SZPER
What a sexy voice.....beautiful Lenny <3
Gracias., único en su estilo.
j adore toutes c est chansons, un grand poete
Just beautiful!
Happy Birthday Sir.
Sweet video.Missing Leonard
awe!
Thank you, Mr. Cohen! <3
Thank you, Lovely Soul !
Repent from sin, Jesus is Lord
When did he make a music video? He died last year
muy pero muy bien, Q.E.D. GENIO.
Beautiful !!!!!!!
YO LEAGUE OF LEGENDS PLAYERS.\n\nTHE GUY ON THE LEFT SOUNDS LIKE ANNIE BOT.
idk if this is actually hotter than Mad Dog's Revenge... sorry guys
AYY SEAN IS ON BEAT AT 1:53  Someone please make something out of this
Pepper X has the same color as those colorblind pictures that show you what colorblind people see
Maybe also sell mini bottles say just an ounce sized?  What will you do once you harvest all the pepper x 's ?  Are you growing more or will that be it until the end of next summer?
How about for the new name for pepper x, The Omega Pepper.....?
Call it The Wolverine, a little play on pepper X
you should interview Rod Stewart sometime soon
I think Smoking Ed deserves to NAME THAT PEEPER!
I vote to have the name changed to Satan's Banana Pepper
I wanna kiss sean's beautiful bald head
Can you guys get rich chigga on hot ones PLEASE
Nogga I know your booty hole stay on fire
And I can barely eat a jalapeno without practically dying.
Sean Evans i love your show, every time i watch it makes me wish i was famous enough to join your show. keep up the good work. but if i could make a request? i would love to see your show do an episode on PHO SATE. i love pho, and the spicier the better, could you do one episode where you put your last dab into my favourite meal. or i can go to my favourite local sate spot with your stash and record it for you? please PLEASE do pho sate
You should call the pepper the Death Valley Reaper. \n\nHas very self explanatory name 👌
At 5:27 you can see the effects of this sauce on a human being...
The devil wasn't satisfied with normal Carolina Reaper because it had his friends name. He decided to make a new chile he didn't want to be like his friend and name the chile with his name. so the devil picked the best word in the alphabet X. he decided to give this knowledge to his favorite chile maker and now it's is made and will be the hottest Chile. until the devil gets bored once again.
Pepper McPepperFace
Should call it solar flare
Rip voice
Just ordered some!
get the plutonium hot sauce
Please get Matty Healy
They should call it peppery mcpepperface
Satan’s testicle pepper.
#buyseannewjackets
I love how Sean gets slightly more urban every season.
turn the background music down just a bit for the next one please. ty
At 4:22 Sean sounds like he's rapping over the beat and it's low key sick
they should name it yellow death
I once put pepper spray in my beans and put that shit in my enchiladas. This stuff is like ketchup to me.
If I was a celeb, as much as I would like to, I couldn't do the show. Mild Taco Bell sauce is too hot for me. I have acid reflux.
I mean... At some point a pepper will be created that just singes your flesh. The chemical reaction will be that you have no skin left...
Get Adam Sandler or Jim Carrey on Hot Ones please!
the last dab. hope no one dies from that sauce. I think Sean wings are rigged insont see him sweat anymore
you just know that assholes all over the world will be pranking friends with this
Keep the name Pepper X
What about Dragon's Breath Peppers?
Pepper X? Does this have a notch and cost $1000 too?
Keep the name Pepper X. It sounds intense
3:57 Why do you assume that natural is better? Plenty of things that are natural are bad for you or will flat out kill you.
I don't think it's considered 'all-natural' if it's made with cross-bread/genetically engineered peppers...\nnot that I care, but just pointing it out
Jesus Christ this pepper and sauce have left the realm of sauce and put itself in antipersonnel weapons territory
Pepper X is a really good name actually
That sauce ain't nothin' . if you really wana hurt people  You gotta turn that pepperX into a dry rub. No lube. \nDehydrate it, grind it into powder with salt, citric acid and hate.
Once these peppers are released, these are going to blow up in the media...😅
if this was 5 seconds long you would have gotten better ads why no 10 min?
pepper X?\n\n\n\n\n\nsomeone call rhett and link
so the hottest pepper at the moment is the komodo dragons breath chili and this guy plans to reclaim the crown.
Hot Ones episode where someone interviews Sean!
The creator of Pepper X, the creator of the Carolina Reaper, the creator of Peepee Succ
Don't let the fans decide or it'll be peppery mcpepperface
I say u name pepper x Satan's A$$hole
Take a shot every time Sean says his twitters a mess
Chili Klaus and Sean eat pepper X...do it.
Please don't change the name, Pepper X is so fitting.
is it weird that I love Sean Evans and his show, even if I'm not into hot sauces?!
GET THE LAST DAB ON AMAZON! PLEASE WE BEG YOU!
I watch this and start sweating. It's unreal.
The pepper should be called «the hot one»
You need to get Dr Ken on the show
So when are we gonna see you and Chili Klaus eat this beast??
can you please get bill skarsgard on this show?
when will you get plutonium\n(9000000000 Scoville) hot sauce?
retired like   the result a!lrt anticipate
Pepper X straight up looks like a nug
I was interested until I heard Mustard. #Disgusting
First, it was the Trinidad. Then, came the Ghost chili. Records were broken when the Carolina Reaper came out. \nNow......PEPPER X\nHOW MUCH SPICIER CAN IT GET FROM HERE.
Send me out there, I'll do It!  I love anything hot!
Sell an assortment of all 10 sauces, in order, so viewers can challenge themselves.
They're 3.18 million now
They should have smokin ed on the show bust instead of chicken wings they have spicy peppers
I just dabbed now,  I got the Last dab.
Try and get Furious Pete on the Hot Ones.
Call the sauce seans sweet serenade. So it gives them a false sense then kicks their nuts lol.
It's really fuckin' shitty that so many people are giving it negative reviews solely because they weren't able to get their hands on it due to limited availability. 1 star, never tried it. Weak shit, man. We didn't get it the first time, like most people, and we're very happy and extremely lucky to have scored a bottle of the second. What was it, second batch sold out in under a minute? Can't wait to try it once it actually gets here.
Wishing for a Pepper X Pod Review soon.
Where can I buy the NORMAL hot one sauce ??? Not this fucked up one xD But the The red one!!?? I've been tring to find it on your website but can't find it :(
I EAT PEPPERS LIKE THAT FOR BREAKFAST!!!!😠😠😤
Dude, eating hot sauce so much must be a thrill going to the toilet.
I think Pepper X is an awesome name, just gives that air of mystery and danger!
I need this sauce in my life
These 30 second ads literally make me slip every video
Finally get to take this challenge on
I care sean - respect
Hotter than reaper squeezums? fuuuuuck
Dab on those haters
call it Papery McPeper face
Dab on the haters...
Or Jesus Juice
Devils ember
Sean, please invite fellow chili-head musician Chris Perez.
Sean poetic segway Evans
His neck tho
Ed Currie looks like Adam Sandler's brother
The Bennington pepper
Call Pepper X Satans fiery starfish.
Cambodia death camp
DO MATT STONIE ON HOT ONES
The mashup we never knew we needed.
Tay and these guys should do this mash-up together, that will be brill!
Taylor needs to be careful
please make a comeback, this is one of the most amazing songs I've heard all year, and the video was amazing.  Use the same band. And who is the bass player?
Heard this from the radio and had to come check it out.
Is this version going to be for sale?
Richard is still so beautiful!
love this! a reputation tour performance please!
This is great!!
Amazing!
Excellent!!
Absolutely LOVE it!!!
Love this!
Cor Crikey! Loving the bass player!!! 😍
Bitter scouse TWAT
Leicester 3-1 Liverpool today's result.
I’ve supported the mighty reds for a very long time and I am convinced Rafa has unfinished business at our beloved club......
Coutiniho doesn't want to be at liverpool
If I'm honest I don't see it getting any better, the defence is tactically inapt and lack coordination.. 3 very trick games over the coming weeks, for that reason stability at the back is critical. They need to pick an agreed back 4 and stick with it, not chop and change every  game.. The players look terrified, that in my opinion is due to a lack of direction and confidence.. Worryingly I'm not sure they presently have the ability within the coaching staff to instil that belief..
This team has no world class player except mane
Next year will be our year
What is it with scousers playing the victim
It pisses me off SO much that every LFC supporter knew our Defense was the problem but for some reason Klopp and FSG dont try and improve that area! We NEED a new Keeper (we haven't had a decent keeper since Reina!) who breeds confidence in the Team and a NEW CB and LB!  I know we wanted VVD but come on! at least have a back-up! There are LOADS of players better than our CBs!
But Klopp has a great cup record tho doesnt he tho
All you deluded Liverpool fans who love Klopp need to realise hes has almost 2 years now to sort this defence out and if anything it is worse.  I dont just mean defending from our defence i mean all over the field. If we are not on our  A game with the pressure closing down type of football then we are a totally average team. Too much f**king around and changing the team all the time does no-1 any good. Cant understand why he thinks we can have 3 teams for each cup. We should have our first team no matter what and if anyone is injured then some1 gets the chance to step up and prove their worth!
Simple question, would Jose Mourinho still have a bad defense after two seasons transfer windows?
When are you scousers gonna realise that Klopp is just David Moyes with a German accent, glasses and yellow teeth
Its only game, why you have to be mad?
For years we are the nearly men, is it the players, managers or owner? Fsg out now ynwa.
Only thing coming out the 0151 is AYSTAR
We had a legendary defence: Hypia, Skrtel, Agger, Carragher, Riise, and Finnan. What on earth happened to our defence? Our defence took a turn for the worst about four seasons ago. Subsequently, it hasn't improved since. We need to optimise our defence primarily, not our attack or midfield. We already have a great attacking squad, however, our defence is dismal to say the least.
Create enough chances... 🤣\n\nDid he even watch the game or at least check the stats before he made this 🤣🤣🤣
arsenal: undefeated since ox left. Liverpool: haven't won a game. robbed you lot 😂😂
this is ur year
Hahahah faggot we'll beat you on Saturday too
we are nothing without firmino salah and mane
Why does no one understand how much work goes into getting a football team to consistently play good , ofcourse they should (play good) but when dickheads like this one and half the people in the comments blame a bad shot or 'we need mane to win' no team in history had a one man team
I miss the good sturridge
Ach not too fussed, we sabotaged it in order to win the CL, so no harm done! :P\n\nNa being serious, I thought we did look disjointed first half, with Ox not linking up too well yet, or Coutinho and Robertson linking up too well either, but we did create chances. Usually I defend Hendo, but he was absolutely rank last night it has to be said, he kept giving the ball away. Second half we looked like a team of individuals as well, which tbf most of the lads playing haven't played with each other much, but its still no excuse.\n\nOn the plus side, great seeing Ings back.
Seems as ox was the issue then 😂😂😂😂
Did u think ud beat a team of premiership champions with ur team of never will cos Gerrard slipped like a pussy bitches???
i miss my team of the 8o s  and 2001 trebble wining team we want dijmii !!! :0) the stig !!hurry up lala we miss your hunger weve gone soft!! :0(
Well that was fucking embarrassing wasn't it? This is what happens when you fail to sort out your defensive and team depth problems. I think it's looking like a trophyless top 10 finish again. Back the drawing board next summer.
And people need to stop overhyping our players after a couple good results\n\nGood bye hendo\nAnd if Klopp even thinks about playing keita and hendo
This is a fuckin joke now I can't see it getting any better why can't we win games without Mane ??????
It's my fault. I wasn't singing loud enough to improve our back four. Sorry Chris I will do better next time
This isn't just this season, it's been season in, season out.  It's become the 'Liverpool way'. Whenever I see possession heading over 60% if we don't have got a lead I fear a poor result.  I really don't get PC mandatorily going off after 45 mins.  Yes say to him, when you start to tire tell the bench, but him going off turned the game.  Robertson then lost the freedom he had and that closed off our main attacks.  Here's a question, what is more tiring for players, playing a run of games where you know your team mates and you give every game a good crack, or chopping and changing where you might be watching your mates lose on TV.  So few games into the season and it feels like f'ing Groundhog Day.  We have a house without foundations and season after season we seem to think that will bring success.  At the start of each season do FSG really want us to challenge, because after so few games, I don't think we will top the table at any stage this season unless others have games in hand.  I've followed this club for 40 years, the last 25 being utterly ropey.  Even the few successes we've had have largely been toss of a coin stuff. (Penalty shootouts). Leicester proved it doesn't have to be the most expensive players but the right players.  Generally our players have poor concentration and are generally weak in game phycology.  Bored of it.  Don't mind losing if it's because our best team have an off day, but sick to death of our club being a work in progress.  Klopp you want us to believe, then start earning your fat salary.
disappointing season after season come on were liverpool and not getting a trophy after a few season is a joke the fans deserve more than having to see every season these type of results just pathetic
I miss kolo and martin
I'm sorry but klopp relied on the second team and they didn't perform simple. Flanagan is garbage and should be nowhere near the premier league.  Woodburn always looks average and just loses the ball,  i don't see the hype.  He looks small,  slow and if he doesn't pass backwards he loses the ball. Average. \nEverything else wasn't too bad but we lacked talent when Phil went off.  \nHarry Wilson or Kent are better than Woodburn.  I remember when sterling came through he was actually good lol he took people on and showed class.  Woodburn hasn't. He scored a tap in and one in preseason.  Forget Wales when he hit one from a distance.  His overall play is poor.  And he is not a winger! \nHe is still young but I think in 45 mins if that was markovic he would have been slated.  He did nothing. We need to stop overrated average players especially scouse players.  Players like suso were much better at the same age. Suso btw would have been great last night but we let him go and become the main man at ac Milan..
it's a micky mouse trophy anyway..it's a blessing in disguise
Woodburn has great future ahead of him and am puzzled why he hasn't been making the bench because he looks like a first change for salah/mane.but taking couhtino off in what felt like a premeditated sub killed us,he was what knitted the midfield n attack together.the ox was erratic on his debut let's not judge him yet people.west ham been linked with cavallio had me thinking well surely klopp will pounce with Lucas n Stewart going smh.#3points on Saturday
We still don't have a top striker. Playing attacking midfielders as a striker ie firmino isn't the answer, unless we find the next Torres or Suarez then 100 shots and no goals will continue.
January has come early this season. It won't turn February until Mane comes back and Coutinho finds his range. But this defence is the most gruesome I can ever remember.
We Need The King To Return King Mane. Without Him We Are Shit.  We Need To Start Showing Are Main Man The Love We Show To The Likes Of The Old Guard. Becouse Believe It Or Not Mane He His The GLUE Of The Team. Watch When He Returns.
Its become embarrassing we just throw this cup away and being realistic our only chance of a trophy its utter shit that alot of these players are played in a week what takes us a year or more to earn Im tired of hearing about the defence forget that even when we went a goal down were the fuck was our captain again gone missing blowing passes all over the place he has lost a truck load of pace and hes lost in midfield now a lot of kids on that pitch last nite looking for big players to help them and ge them up and nothing every senior player was nowhere to be seen and then on commentary isnt it great to see the senior players in the stand watching the game like would ye get fucked I still cant understand why these results shock me klopp has three games to put it right or he can fuck right off hes making.hodgson look good
Pathetic.  The team lacks real leaders on the pitch.  O how I miss Carra and Bellamy.  Yes, Bellamy.  He was a leader on the pitch, especially up front.  I remember when Carra shouted at Arbeloa when he lost concentration during a match.  We don't have that.  A defensive leader would also help Simon and whoever else are between the posts.
Remember when ox wasnt a deal with was going to affect the lemar and VVD deals? good times... sold a lie as usual
We didn't play our best team last night, but the game on Saturday isn't gonna get easier. They are gonna bring back Maguire, Simpson, Schmeichel, Vardy and Mahrez and we haven't won at the King Power in the last three visits (including last night). The only good thing is we don't play at Anfield until October 14th. The way this team is playing atm, playing at home will only hurt them. We have three games until the international break to go out there and recover points in the league and bring our confidence back. Up the Reds.
FSG are the problem but nobody is listening
The biggest idiots of all this are the have faith in Klopp guys. Fucking retards, fucking bastards, fucking misery twats.
you wanker,a few weeks ago u were running your mouth,now u see how crap liverpool is?...anyway how is the Oxlade doing,are u still buzzing u signed him...lmfao
The big German cheerleader 😂😂😂😂😂😂 seriously tho he’s a fraud!!!!
The only good from this match is, Joe Gomez has finally played in CB! Oh, its better to watch him play rather than Klavan or Lovren. Also Henderson maybe need some rest, 'cause lately, his performance was so horrible, cant blame Klopp if in the January market we bought some good DM to replaced him
Let's try another way. Let's do the Pygmalion thing and everyone say we have a great defense.!!.. we have a great defense!!
Sick,is a understatement!!
If we don't score within 30 minutes, we end losing most of the time.
Tbf you have champions league/Europa League along with the prem to focus on. This could be a blessing in disguise.
Klopp and Wenger, need to share idea's.
Bitterly disappointing last night. Ultimately, we didn't deserve to go through after that second half performance. Okazaki came on and changed the game. Ward was excellent and Woodburn was very hungry. Solanke was great. Gomez was solid, apart from the goals of course. League Cup was never a priority, but at least it is one less excuse for Jürgen to use! At the end of the day, another chance of silverware gone - another one bites the dust! Just hopeful that we won't play like that on Saturday. Hope we can use this defeat as incentive to beat them on Saturday!\nC'mon Liverpool! We go again against Leicester City (again!) at the King Power Stadium back in the league! C'mon Redmen! #YNWA ⚽️🔴❤️
this is what happens when most transefer windows we sign shite or potential shite
We are sad , u are changing ur opinion every game
Em what's the count now
MANE GOES OUT AND IT ALL GOES TO SHIT, AGAIN.
Never seen such a bunch of nearly-men as Liverpool. Still living off past glories after all these years.
Liverpool destroyed us first half with us only having 26% possession and no clear cut chance, we are used to defending with our backs to the wall and even won the league doing exactly that but even all us in the crowd were thinking ur goal was coming... You were unlucky tbh. That shocking corner (1 of many lol) by Ox that was MEGA powerful near post that managed to potentially concuss Ulloa was the difference as it forced GRINji Okazaki on and the energy was injected into us. Iborra was excellent second half, as was Dragovic both on their debuts. I thought you reds fans were another level of brilliant last night btw, to all you reds fans who weren't there last night they done you proud! They were noisey, well behaved and packed the away corner... You should be proud!!! We were lucky to win last night as it could've been 3-0 at half time, you reds fans shouldn't be too disheartened though as at times you played some PHENOMENAL football and we couldn't cope, you were just unlucky last night. We go again Saturday evening and no doubt in our minds you will give us a ridiculously tough time. All the best for your club for the future and hope you get the results you deserve.
Before blaming Klopp, it's important to understand why we didn't strengthen the defense. It could be because FSG were unwilling to spend (most likely scenario ). However if it was because we didn't have a list of targets then the manager should be held responsible.
No blaming the fans this time eh?
Loserpewl
Hahahahahahaha 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ha Liverpool  are shit
Klopp OUT
Btec ArsenalFanTV
Liverpool looking very poor......
Klopp flop
*Are уоu lоокing fоr hot datеs in уour neighbоurhооd?*

KFOZbLzp68c,\n *Theу herе ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=KFOZbLzp68c_964363
What a snivelling partime reporter
😂😂😂 Scouse kints 😏😏 suck a dick 🦄🦄
Hahahahahahahaha scouser cunts
😂
Btec AFTV
You're fucking shit
GET A FUCKING DEFENDER
bring LVG....
Btec aftv
Henderson, klavan, solanke out!
klop out
😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁👌👌👌👌👌👏👏👏😁😁😁🖕
KLOPP OUT!!
Klopp out! Enough is Enough :(
KLOPP FOR THE CHOP. PLEASEEEEEEEE
United!
START WITH HENDO END WITH HENDO.. HE'S A FUKEN WANKER. HENDO IS A HEADLESS TWAT
The oxlade-chamberlein effect...
Bin dippers
(Y)ou'll (N)ever (W)in (A)nything ....27 YEARS!!!!!!
What a performance by the Ox. I’d say 40 million well spent 😉
Klopp out,Wenger in
leicester have done us a favour the league and champions league is are main target  the league cup and f.a. cup r a destraction
Hahahahah Liverpool are shit there a one man tram
Who gives a fuck it's entertaining that's all that matters I don't care if we win lose or draw it's entertainment I'm after, that's why I spend my money to watch them
When was the last time yous won a trophy? 😂😂😂
stop over reacting, frankly Liverpool are an average club and as such will only attract average players and managers. Sure you'll do ok this season, just don't expect to win anything cos you'll be disappointed.  (southampton supporter with realistic expectations)
Ladies and gents this video has a filter, the city view was NOT even close to the foggy image of the city shown here. It was a clear day with sporadic dust clouds in the distance. Leave it to the US to bring terror.
Mother nature tired of human bullshits..spacially muslim and christians
B jack. I agree. If any of these idiots have ever helped with a tragity like this only then will they understand how bad this is and the loss of life is not a joke. The negitive coments come from flat empty brains
Lets do what we can to help Mexico, the citizens are in need and the aftershocks will come and do more damage
0:01 that map image is not Mexico City -.- \nMexico City its much bigger and surrounded by mountains. It also doesn’t have a river cutting thought it
Sept 7 earthquake and after a week they got hit again by earthquake. Wtf
Where are the so called, Absolutely Horrific Images?
Societies are a direct reflection of the people who live in\nand create them. Mexicans created Mexico. Mexico blows for one reason and one reason only. Mexico blows\nbecause it’s full of LOW STANDARDS, LOW MORALS life style Mexicans. Everywhere\na Mexican goes in the world, he can only recreate the disaster that is Mexico. This is because this is what his culture has programmed\nhim to do.\n\n\n\n80% of Mexico\nwants to come to America.\nIf we let 90 million more Mexicans flood our heaving shores, America\nwill become Mexico\nNorth by default.\n\n\n\nMexico\nhands down is the most horrifically dark and corrupt country on the face of the\nearth. Try driving across the Yucatan\nor down the Pacific coast...The government preys on the people and has for 400\nyears. They drive their poor slaves northward so that they can export their\ndiseases and poverty to the US.\nThey want the $26 Billion a year they send home. \n\n\n\n\n\nIf our inefficient and corrupt government actually cared about Americans or the\nMexican people they'd close the borders and deport all the illegals they could\ncatch. The returning Mexicans (who are owed nothing by the US)\nwould probably plunge the country of Mexico\ninto political turmoil and unless that happens things there will remain pretty\ndark. \n\n \n\nMexico\napparently falls into the same foreign policy category as Saudi\n  Arabia. Just as the State Department\nis willing to overlook the gross human rights abuses of King Salman in the\ninterests of oil and “regional stability,” it is equally willing to give\nMexico´s Enrique Peña Nieto the benefit of the doubt even in the face of\nmounting evidence of the repressive and corrupt tendencies of his government\nand his party\n\n \n\nThe State\nDepartment’s most recent report on human rights in the world points the\nfinger explicitly at China,\nEgypt,\nEritrea,\nEthiopia,\nIran,\nRussia,\nSyria\nand even Saudi Arabia.\nYet for Mexico,\nit goes out of its way to protect national elites by locating problems strictly\nat the local level and among narco-traffickers. The report\nalso flat-out lies, stating that there were “no reports of political prisoners\nor detainees” and that the Mexican government “generally respected” freedom of\nspeech and assembly.\n\n \n\nToday, Mexico\nis one of the most dangerous\ncountries in the world, confirmed by the international press and news media,\nwith frequent assassinations and threats against journalists, mass killings,\nsavage public assasinations including women and children. For instance, on Feb\n8, Anabel\nFlores Salazar, a brave, 27-year-old crime and corruption reporter became\nthe fifteenth journalist assassinated in the state of Veracruz\nduring the five-year reign of Gov. Javier Duarte, a close ally of Peña Nieto.\nOver a dozen journalists have been killed in the line of duty throughout Mexico\nsince Peña Nieto took office. According to the free press group Article\n19, the vast majority of these cases involve the direct participation of\ngovernment officials.\n\n \n\nIn addition\nto direct violence against journalists, government censorship of the media has\nincreased. A long list of independent journalists are excluded from radio and\ntelevision for their anti-government views and Mexico's leading radio news\nanchor, Carmen Aristegui, was arbitrarily fired, apparently on direct\norders from the office of the president.
Because of the solar eclipse!! Look it what is causing harricane and earthquake!
Many serve satan,false gods,andsacrafice to false gods.The WRATH of ALLMIGHTY GOD is coming.REPENT and turn to the real God,before it is to late.The Lord REIGNETH.JESUS Christ is Lord.
México sigue de pie!!   ...-
My prayers to the dead ones may they rest in peace, and to all the injured ones hoping they get better asap. \nPeace,love and support from the mideast,Lebanon❤
An earthquake strikes on the anniversary of a much larger one while they were doing an earthquake drill!!??  This can't be a coincidence.
man is the world really gonna end
Jesus say who is next ?
Amerikkka can't blame this on Terrorist or Muslims
Is this bad business for the drug cartels?
>getting out any way they can\n>videos show everyone just standing around; one guy even walks casually.\n\nYou might be filming a real event but you're still fake news.
This Was Actually Stronger.. 7.1 my Balls.
Every year it will get worse and worse. No matter what.
please use motion vibration ( used in car security ) to atleast figure in initial stage that their is an earthquake wether than wasting time with talking to each other there is an earthquake or not
Save the hispanic women!
My heart and my prayers go out to Mexico and to everyone affected by this terrible earthquake. God bless.
is it a coincidence that all of these DISASTERS are happening right after one another????
*This has nothing to do with global warming, it doesn't exist* says -
Wake up people! This is no fluke. Another earthquake on anniversary  of 1985 deadly quake 30 yrs ago. The lord is coming he told us when  these things began to happen then is time to look up be ready. \nMay peace b with u all. And prayers going out to mexico much love. Be ready be prepared have faith. Much love
That's one way to get all the rats out of the buildings. Sadly, now the US will invite the entire population of Mexico here, for the entitlements and free housing.
For people of Italy , be prepped for the earthquake, you are the next don't ask how do I  know that  but I want you remember that I already warned you, it will be strong as you never seen before
This is what happens when we frack Mother Earth for oil companies. Mother Earth responds back like this and people still vote for Republicans and Democrats in the USA knowing they that both political parties are pro-fracking🙄
God bless all these people
that's what the people think u will see,ur lost in this world with everyone else
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
Prayers and thoughts and strong hope for these poor people...♥️🙏🏼
My prayers go out to those affected ...Mexico with the earthquake and Puerto Rico with the hurricane my prayers go out to both countries ...🇵🇷🇲🇽 stay strong ...God bless everyone
Beside of the earthquake problem, the government, the politicians, the soldiers, the marines  don´t have a organiced plan for keep peolpe alive and in good contidions, they are killing us. They forbid us (common people) and rescuers to help the injured persons. We are organiced, they aren´t. We are helping, they award themselves the donations of medicine, food, water, etc.\nThe consecuences of  earthquake are not only in Mexico City but in other states, in far villajes tha affects to millions of people that are invisible for interational viewers. \nIt´s a real fact here in Mexico and the government are not with us. it is not only a media event for you to pray for us, it´s a political problem, but mexican people are united.
That's what the looters get for looting USA.
'Horrific images' *shows some buildings and dust* OK.
Please don't be selfish help us (Mexico) and support use please don't be selfish we are one 💪👬👬👬👭👫👭 #weareone
An earthquake with a category 5 hurricane in the bottom corner.....it's the end times!
Love to Mexico from America.
People was depressed by 2016 and 2017 was even worse god bless god bless god bless spread love there is no time for hate ❤️❤️❤️
Is New Mexico ready to rock!? 🤘
0:01 The map is wrong, that's not Mexico City.
I think earthquakes are justreally weird and spooky. I really don't think it has any symbolic gesture though. We know what they are
Condolences to those to lost there their loved ones.
God is doing this for a reason for us human being to believe that he is real and that his son Jesus Christ is on his way he's doing this to prepare us for the second coming 😇
Repent turn to Jesus Christ for the remission of sins he is god of universe who will judge everyone
Hmm September is a good month for the media a lot of stuff to report. Good way to keep your eyes glued on the news. Largest hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados, floods tsunami, etc. 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Yesterday and today I help taking debris from fallen buildings. Is very touching see the city like this, every body is offering food, water, a place to stay or any kind of help. The help is that much that they are asking stop going to help because we are getting in the way, because we are to many\n..  I saw a person with one leg taking derbis just like me and i allmost cry. We live in a caotic place to live, and we are grumpys allmost all the time, but I can tell you that I've never see people more loveley like I did in this couple of days  (and I know Canadian people...)
It’s time for government Geoengineering of extreme weather events to stop. This is immoral. This is murder.
i hope everyone is okay, stay safe and ily all 💕
To much stress to me this last days, thank of god that i don't suffer nothing but it feels horrifying, such a bad experience, i have no feel that much scariness in my lifei
This reporter just said “you are looking at people screaming” 🤔
CHRIST YOU’RE AROUND THE CORNER!!! 🙌🏾
Make sure you have a bug-out location & a portable generator like the Kodiak:  https://youtu.be/OiUUkrof3Yo
I pray that the missing kids are found, the parents of those kids that were lost find peace and those others affected are helped. My heart is shattered and I feel selfish being able to hug my girls and to be able to wake up to a home today. Please be grateful, be sympathetic. This is a devastating situation and to those who have bread in the table share a piece with those in need. My heart is with Mexico, Puerto Rico, Florida, Houston, Africa and other countries who are fighting to get by. My heart may not be plenty but if I could be out there I would be. 💕
Maybe they should build better. I get over 7 earthquakes and our city is fine
why'd godzilla have to do mexico like that
that's a real bs .it happened in the same day that the one that happened in 1985.
People in the comment section be like I'll pray for Mexico lol why don't you do something that would actually help
I bet Donald Trump is having a party about this.
F*cking Eartquake #Fuerzamexico
Pray for mexico please :( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fyAo323iUmI
My heart with México #FuerzaMexico
Total property damage,   <$1000
Horrific
💔💔😔😢😢😢
I blame trump
2017 wtf!
https://youtu.be/o5WBOQtMb4A
HE is coming!
Now is 225 deads
and yesterday JAPAN
Wow..
You are excellent
deep sea drilling anyone?
Pray for Mexico
MSNBC showing this clip. Surprised they aren’t blaming President Trump for the earthquake.  #FakeNews  #BuildTheWall  #MAGA
Blame HARRP
2 pac coming
Tyranitar is super effective against Indians with sweaty backs
Checkout My Video\nTop 10 Most Shocking \nhttps://youtu.be/woj_YB9LJSQ
estamos con ustedes   fueraza  Mexico.
Trump did this
Dios mio
What concerns me is that there is no news coming in from Puebla.  Puebla is a huge city and quite near the epicenter of this earthquake.  No news from Puebla in this case is very bad news.  My grandfather built a beautiful university in Puebla and I would really like news from Puebla if you can get it.  Any advice would be appreciated.
Well Mexicans you're going to need them wetbacks we are going to send back to you you should put them to work
Viva Mexico #fuerzamexico
Wish all the corrupt people in Mexico die in that earthquake
To look at the bright side , Mexico is already a third world country so besides lives lost (which is sad), infrastructure will probably not end up much worse after.
It's time for Mexicans to go back home and help.
FInally Real news . . .     All the FAKE news from MSNBC has left me untrusting of the Fake News Industrial Complex.      FYI  I did have to confirm that there was a earthquake
where am I going to get my tacos now
Isn't Mexico supposed to look like that always ?
This comments just made lost even more faith in people...comments saying we deserved this for stealing american jobs (which doesn't make sense because we live in Mexico), or because we are too much, or people literally calling us sub humans just make me sick, americans forget that this can very likely happen in their own territory (San Francisco) and that mexican people have always helped when it's needed
Happy anniversary .
Earthquakes, hurricanes...what else?
FAAAAKE NEEEWS!
Give money for support? Can you imagine...building a wall after this? So you suffered through a devastating earthquake? Good. Stay there.
its not that horrific im disappointed
It might be your kitty if you still have it. I am allergic so I would get spots that look like sun spots
omg yes i have so much sun spots but like do they go away or what ? someone help 😭
You should do a cute zombie look for your halloween series!
hi hermosa just subscribed your undocumented video came up on my feed and thought finally someone i can relate too!!! thanks for bring awareness to the DACA youth!
did anyone else notice she said the hd foundation stick 😂😂
Happy late birthday!!!!❤️ This makeup look 😍
Can you please do a fairy tutorial!!
Omg do a scarecrow or jigsaw like the glam version of it 😭😍
Can you please put the links to the brushes you use in this video in your description box , that way it makes it easier to buy😩
I swear we think so much a like I love your channels you are the bomb 😫😍
Ok daisy I see you 😍🍁💛
What was the second spray she used?
You so cute omg 😍
Happy birthday 😊💜
Do a creepy/glam fortune teller!!!
😍😍😍😍😍😍
😍
Fenty beauty!!!!😍😍😍
Daisy can you please do a look for quinceanera photos. It would be really helpful mine in coming up in like 3 months. I love you so much please like so she can see this ❤️❤️❤️
Yaaaasss girl 💗 honestly my sister has a channel that she started and girl let me tell you she loves your videos but I love this look so much I can’t wait to try it since I’m a beginner and you explained everything you did so perfect I loved it 💙 if you can do me a favor and check out my sisters channel Melizza Lorenzo  we love you ❤️ keep slayin 😍😍😍💯💯
Glad there is another girl out there who is gaining weight and not hating it! #selflove 💖
I love it. It's really beautiful
does anyone know what beauty sponge she is using? i can't tell but is it the original beauty blender?
You look stunning! But my aunt previously had sun spots and later found out because of the way she's eating and drinking too much alcohol. So if you change those things in your life it might help.
❤️❤️you're so pretty !!!
love love the paired glitter with these colors! So pretty! Happy almost birthday :)
all i see is heavy make up and kylie Jenner.
That subtle yes behind the camera when you're applying your highlight 😂
are you a dude?🤣
Are daisy and salt still friends 😕
I would be laughed at if I wore make up like that!  No professional or college student would wear make up.
Happy birthday me gustó tu historia te immigrant me and my family are immigrants we came to the USA on 2007 me my sisters my mom and my dad were separated I was with my jungle sister my mom stayed with my middle sister and my dad got separated from us
I have sun spots and the doctor told me it's because of low iron and I recommend you go get checked out to see if your blood is good on iron because I was low con iron and had to go to the hospital. So I basically go the sun spots from low iron and I'm 14 and works in the sun so you should go get checked on your blood .
Beautiful
Sunspots are freckles although some can be light most of the time they are dark or hyperpigmented
Do a mermaid make up look
love the makeup but I kind of assumed you do glitter eyeshadow first so that you can just wipe it off and it won't ruin your foundation but hey everyone's different
Please do a birthday makeup tutorial! Love you and your channel btw 😘
after you said god damn do y'all see that was that alex that said yes?😂❤
Putting eyeliner on your waterline damages your eyesight
omg the Clinique even better clinical serum is theeeeeeeee best
pls upload a recent skincare routine:'( aaaa skin is popping b
It could possibly be vitiligo
😍😍love it
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
she looks like I carly ❤
I love your coloring of skin, hair and makeup it is so stunning, you seem so mature for your age.\nDeborah💄
hey Daisy I had sun spots to and it was because I didn't drink milk,  sooo toma leche or eat more at home
u have to go to the doctor they give u this cream i had that
What was that purple spray she used to make her concealer and foundation more dewy
Loveeeeed it Daisy!!!😍 You should try and do a mermaid tutorial for halloween! 😁
You remind me of Miranda Cosgrove. Such natural beauties 😊😍
what is the second palette she using? (im french sorry for my english)
How do you figure out your foundation tone? Cuz like I wanna wear makeup Bc your vids inspire me to but idk how sooooo like helppppp❤️‼️😭
I am so excited to for the holidays too I love fall and winter my faves
Love this look😍 and happy birthday love you so much😘💗💗
How did I miss this?????!!
my mom gives me sopa de frijoles to get rid of my sun spots , the bean juice helps the spots
i know it's gross but drink bean juice from the can. it really works !
I LOVE YOU
perfectttt, so gorgeous 😍💕
happy birthday!💞💞💞
Wonder Woman!!
love this look 😻😻
Happy birthday
please come out with merch!
Fish oil helps with sun spots it's disgusting but
recreated this look before the tutorial, I loved itttttt. YOU LOOK SUPER STUNNING 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
ATTENTION : I use mother of pearl face and body lotion and it evens out my face in 2-3days but never use a brightening cream in the day wear it at night or it will create more sunspots.
Do you struggle putting on your contacts with nails on?
Wear sunscreen girl that helps a lot speaking from a Lifeguard’s point of view sunscreen has to be on your face no matter what!
This look is everything! Love you x 😊
U need a psychiatrist
You have never been this beautiful! You are glowing look so wonderful and happy and I can't be happier because of that, love you girl!💙
Did anyone else notice how instead of saying smoothly she said Smothie? 😂
Happy Birthday Daisy !!!! Hope you have a special day because you deserve it !!!💝😘
PLEASE do a homecoming makeup look!
Yasss daisy, you go girl😍😍😍😍 love this look
love this look 😍 but pls post more vlogs!!! i miss them
Put aveeno baby lotion the purple or some kid  vitamins from Tijuana
How is that intro made I've been going crazy trying to figure out how to make it does anyone know please let me know
Happy birthday you  are my inspiration my birthday is the day after yours #libras
Yes I love this video😍❤!!
I've been waiting a tutorial for the Jaclyn Hill palette...-.-
Gorgeous ❤️
Aloevera gel gets rid of any discolorations.
So stunning 😍😍
eyebrows look so good 😩
God dam  😂
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 💙💙
purge makeup tutorial with glitter tears! ✨
ny favorite look!!!! yes girl
Aw, I just discovered your channel 20 mins ago and it's midnight on your bday💕 lol HAPPY BIRTHDAY 💗
Girl I saw your undocumented video as touching as it was doca has to be remove because when Obama established doca it was approved by all the branches and his job is to enforce the laws. Even if he want to the legislative branch doca would not be allowed either way because we can't have  contradicting laws and it's kinda like where do we draw the line.
I love your make up 😍😍
beautiful
Happy birthday Daisy! Love you girly🌹❤
your makeup techniques are flawless.
Your undocumented video made me cry girl! I love you so much like I relate so bad and it was such a great video :-) I support you 100% and I'm so happy for you success!
happy birthday daisy!! you’re such a huge inspiration to thousands of people and we all enjoy you and your channel ❤️
2 minutes in and i just got to say going gluten free doesn't just apply to people who have fad diets, although people misinterpret it as one. I'm gluten intolerant/celiac and found out the day after i finished 9th grade after having it tested, anything over a 10 means you need to go gluten free and i scored a 22.... unlike going vegan it usually is not a decision you can make, and there is testings to see if you are intolerant or not. You obviously don't understand what gluten free is when living in LA, it is like lactose intolerance you have to switch to another source to get what you took out replaced. When i first went gluten free i was mad because of the little options 6 years ago in my area and I couldn't have many things which caused me to have bad cravings because I wasn't getting enough carbs and filler in my diet. I however was a good cook and researched how to self sustain my diet by making bread, desserts, and pasta leading up to being able to make anything i want and nobody else can tell its gluten free. Its not something to go half assed in and if it wasnt for my illness, which I've had for 8 years and am now paralyzed, which means if I were to consume it i could potentially die or get really sick due to the fact I haven't had it in years and my body had just learned to live with it and now can't process it, hives and bloating being the least of my worries. Stop treating it like a diet craze and just because you can have it doesn't mean it doesn't still affect others. Its available because it is a necessity not because it will cure your weight troubles.
How many calories does she eat in a day?
You didn't do 100% organic though
did she really think frozen veggies count as  a tone of veggies ... kourt don't use frozen fucking vegetables. what a lazy thing to do. its not hard to cook fresh vegetables
Omg. I am also gluten free dairy free soy free and my shakes taste like milkshakes!!! Ask me if you're interested or find me on Instagram! @jaimiecass
Can we talk about how naturally beautiful she looks at 6:00
No dairy but she still eats meat? Kourtney is weird....
Her diet looks pretty good, but I definitely prefer more carbs. Good for her, getting on those greens in!
I don’t know why but I felt like she started to look like Kourtney towards the end of the video, is that just me ?
Your Kourtney voice is spot on, that's hilarious! Great video!
Says she's dairy free\n*eats mozzarella cheese*
She changes the recipes SO much!
Good on you for not drinking that gross bone broth!
Hey errybody I'm dieting like a celeb for a bit. Anything for views! I'll gain all weight back when I'm done because that's what happens with diets. Do de do dee do.
Fasting is actually really good for your body and health
Everytime you made kourtney’s voice it cracked me up 😂
She said mozzarella cheese for the salad but I thought she was dairy free?
Also for those with gluten intolerances, try tamari sauce instead of soy sauce.
Where did you get Kourtney's recipes from?
This is super random, but I wanna know if anyone else sees it! I think Candace resembles Jeana from PVP, especially with the makeup she wore from 7:22-7:56.
did you loose any weight ? lol isn't that why we diet? lol
Mozzarella... has... dairy in it
There was a boiled egg in that salad!!!!
she got her boobs done so she has gone under the knife
You said mozarella cheese in the salad...but that's dairy.
Can this bitch stop doing weird shit to her body lol
avocado and ground omg I'm dying. NEW SUBSCRIBER hahah
How does she not eat dairy but her signature salad had mozzarella cheese???? Is she not aware cheese is DAIRY?  LMAO (laughing at kourtney not you girl) 😜
Do her kids do the bone broth thing too?!?
you kind of look like her! Also, it seems that by the end of the week you lost a little weight?? You look healthier anyways
How is mozzarella dairy free?
Are you aware that bacon causes cancer, ask the World Health Organisation.
i hate her channel but i always come back to watch more
My daughter can't drink milk but can eat cheese and yogurt
It's not that I didn't like the video, but I had to thumbs down it. Us Kardashian lovers don't take too well to hate lol
Even tho I'm white as hell even I was seasoning lol 😂
I really noticed tht u looked more refreshed & less dark circles around ur eyes. just really refreshed!!
Look really cute with your hair in the side ponytail (5:04)
They make soy sauce that is gluten free. Try Tamari
You actually look at lot like Courtney. I'm not a big fan of the Kardashians, but I do like Courtney. She's my favorite. :-)
You look just like Lily from Clevver style
Dude I thought this was a buzzfeed video, I know that she was in buzzfeed but the thumbnail was so much like buzzfeed's
It's like America - Kardashians .British -Queen
It was suppose to be Kourtney Kardashian not Kourtney Kardashian'S
Plugging it in helps lol This was a fun vlog! I love eating vegan, it is my favorite way to eat so far.
How is she dairy free when she eats eggs and cheese?
Mozzarella in her signature salad? Isn't she dairy free?
literally couldn't have half assed it more
I thought she was going to say how much weight she lost tho
Lol no one ever knows kourtney kardashian is or what she does
Tofu? Really ?? I'd rather ear heated up dog shit
Kourtney Kardashian is dairy free but eats cheese? That's a dairy product
i just saw that she works at popsugar
I ACTUALLY THOUGHT THIS WAS A BUZZFEED VIDEO FROM THE THUMBNAIL
One of my friends who is allergic to gluten told me that soy sauce that is produced in Asia is gluten free most of the times. Only the ones they produce in Europe (and probably the US aswell) contain gluten for some reason.
Was I the only one who saw the blender wasn't plugged in
Soy doesnt contain gluten but gives off a similar effect to gluten when ingested into the body... as far as I'm aware.
Your skin looks so much better after that diet!!
Ew how can anyone eat avocado like that!!! With chocolate?!
She's dairy free but mozzarella for lunch? 😟
Maybe I just haven't seen enough episodes but every time I see her eating on the show she's just poking her food around and having half bites and throwing most of the meal out. Not sure if following her recipes really counts as following her diet :p I'm not suggesting she's starving herself - she's eating very often, just only tiny bits at a time.
waits you actually look a lot like kourney (6 mins)
It's easy to be on a diet when you're a multi millionaire so you can buy all the expensive ingredients you need to be on one. It's expensive to be on a diet.
When you talk your mouth moves like Kourtney's 😂
Oh that tofu shrimp stir fry looked so yummy! I think I'll add it to my meal plan for next week! I enjoy these videos about the different diets that you make they are so interesting xx
So annoyed that it unsubscribed me from your channel 🙄
I'd love to see Khloe kardashians diet since it really seems to be working for her x
ok she is actually just like Callie Torres!
Please don't use the word minimalist to describe any aspect of Kortney Kardashian.
WHERE ARE THE CARBS?! I'd be starving on that little amount of calories and carbs. And I hope her kids get a higher carb intake as their brains need the glucose for energy for school etc.
A week has 21 meals... where is the rest of your food?
after watching this, iv realized kourtneys diet is trash in all honesty. i would never eat like that. unhealthy af. and boring af.
7:23 YOU LOOK SO GOOD! You should do your makeup and hair like that more often
In place of soy sauce use Tamari :) it’s gluten free and tastes the same #ShoutOutToTheCeliacHusband hahah
She can't be dairy free and eat a kit kat, wtf
There’s no reason to go gluten free if you don’t have to
Mozzarella cheese? But, I thought the diet was dairy free?
Just curious but it looked like there was a fair bit of dairy in the diet...
The gluten-free sandwich from Starbucks has CHEESE on it #dairy
Up your avo game, Kourt!
#666, and no shame! :O
Try Chef AJ's diet.
I love Kourtney!
you're so boring :(
this was bascially her eating salads, avocados, coconut milk, and coco powder
omg you look so pretty @ 7:29 !
wait dairy free but had mozz cheeze??? im confused
YOUR HAIR
Ehhh... this video suck
Up your avo game kourt!
So awkward/cringey 😄😂
Aren't eggs dairy 🤔
uhm meat is not sustainable
Her eyebrows are very uneven
7:50 😂 the vocal fry
I like your positivity. Shines through.
Chicken soup
hemp milk....
omfg 7:50 xDDDDDDDD so good
What does kardashian fartface eats
Who knew so much thought went into distributing cat videos?
4:14 No, it's cleverer than that.  The uppermost bits overflow _into_ the lower bits: it's called ones' complement or end-around carry.  This is because the values to be summed are not the individual octets but rather _pairs_ of octets treated as 16-bit numbers.  Thanks to this clever ones' complement hack, it doesn't matter whether your computer is a 386 that thinks of them as little-endian numbers, or an m68k that thinks they're big-endian: each octet carries into the other octet — it's a circle that has no ends to be big or little.\nThere's also _another_ clever hack: the checksum isn't just the sum of the packet data, instead it's _minus_ the sum of the packet data.  This means that if you want to validate the checksum on an incoming packet, you just add up the _whole_ packet, including the checksum, and if it's valid you should get *zero*.  (This turns out to be a big deal for network encapsulation — where your UDP payload is another entire packet with its own IP, UDP etc. headers — because it means you can calculate the outer checksum just by looking at the outer headers, since you know the inner packet with a correct checksum adds up to zero.  This is called Local Checksum Offload, and was invented by, erm, _me_.  But I think the people who originally designed the Internet Protocol checksum are the ones who really deserve the credit, because it's their brilliant design that made it possible.)\n\n7:29 The main reason for using UDP instead of TCP isn't the ACKs and the bandwidth they use, it's that latency-sensitive applications generally want each individual packet delivered as soon as possible — they don't want new data to be buffered up in the OS just because it's still waiting for some old data that's supposed to come before it but maybe isn't even relevant any more.  This rationale applies to everything from video chat (I already displayed that frame with low resolution and glitches, it's too late now to tell me what it should have shown, I want the next video frame ASAP) to financial trading (give me the most recent stock price, I don't care what the price 10 microseconds ago was!).  Lag is caused not by ACKs but by waiting for retransmissions and enforcing ordering constraints that — at the application layer — may be totally irrelevant.\n\n9:11 Technically (and yes I'm being pedantic now), the very top of the tree are the _root name servers_, 'a.root-servers.net' through 'm.root-servers.net'.\n\n10:05 Oh no, not the OSI 7-layer burrito.  Real-world networking implementations don't look anything like that over-engineered heap (does anyone really understand wtf the Presentation Layer corresponds to in the Internet protocol stack?)  The standard protocol stack today combines the physical and data-link layers into Ethernet (attempts to separate them out conceptually founder on the way the data-link part of it gets waaaay too intimate with the physical part).  Similarly, some of the network layer's functions are handled by 'layer 4' protocols like TCP or UDP, and some functions that OSI puts in the transport layer are done either by IP or by other layer-3 protocols that go straight on top of Ethernet rather than being wrapped in IP datagrams.  Sometimes the layering even differs between IPv4 and IPv6: ARP, which is considered a link layer function, is layered on top of Ethernet, making it network layer; its IPv6 equivalent, Neighbour Discovery, is part of ICMPv6, sent inside IPv6 datagrams, making it technically a transport layer protocol!\nCertainly the Internet protocol suite _is_ layered, but the trouble with the OSI model is that it's so neat and theoretically elaborated that it _sounds_ like it should be a strict and precise thing, whereas real, working networks are inevitably messy and don't follow neat layering boundaries.  See also RFC3439.  While the OSI model does give us a few nice names (Layer 3, Layer 4, and also (though it doesn't actually define it itself) Layer 8 for the user's intentions and behaviour layer), it shouldn't be taught without a warning that it's basically a cross between numerology and stamp-collecting.
When there is no internet connection in Russia, it is called Internyet. So when it's back up, it turns into Inderda.
This is a great video, but as an American I flinch a little every time she says “rooter” instead of “roawter” (rhyming “route” with “about”).  But never mind me, carry on.
Can you guys do a video on how Operating Systems work?
dobledoo wasn't that from John Green in Vlogbrothers? lol
Great video as always!  Keep it up!
im new at this internettywebbythingymajig . so pls help. ive written my email put it in my envelope, wrote the email address of the person its going to on the frount, im not stupid i know that i dont need a stamp but my problem is . . what slot do i push it in to, is it the 1marked ,cdrom drive, is that short for . . CanDropMail . pls let me know, thanks.
Hmm... I tried doing traceroot for dftba.com from Serbia. It took me only 8 hops and my latency was lower than Carrie Anne’s. Didn’t expect I had such a good connection.
I am disappointed  that you didn't mention IPv6 :(
Hi, I'd like to hear a TCP joke.Hello, would you like to hear a TCP joke?Yes, I'd like to hear a TCP joke.OK, I'll tell you a TCP joke.Ok, I will hear a TCP joke.Are you ready to hear a TCP joke?Yes, I am ready to hear a TCP joke.Ok, I am about to send the TCP joke. It will last 10 seconds, it has two characters, it does not have a setting, it ends with a punchline.Ok, I am ready to get your TCP joke that will last 10 seconds, has two characters, does not have an explicit setting, and ends with a punchline.I'm sorry, your connection has timed out. Hello, would you like to hear a TCP joke?
Am I the only one who heard ROOTer (*router*) and thought: isn't it supposed to be pronounced ROWter? \n\n\n\nWhen I hear ROOTer something altogether different comes to mind...
My traceroute for dftba.com ended up grabbing the site from a Cloudflare CDN endpoint instead of the California servers. Before I realized that, I was confused at why my route was ending up in Texas XD
Why do you wear glasses when you don't need them?
that pronunciation of router....
Could you make a course on statistics as well? It would be really useful.
Is there a crash course like this for hypervisor engineering?
Don't forget the 8th layer, where 99% of errors occur - the User!
0:08 Your computer is connected to a large distributed network called the internet.\n\nWell, what if I had downloaded this on one computer then put it in a usb stick and transferred it to a non-connected computer? Eh? Didn't think of that! /s
...So did anyone else think of Timothy Leary's 8 circuit model of consciousness towards the end there?
I'd say you missed OSI Layer 8, the user. Though I have to admit it's unofficial...
A) I might have downloaded this onto a usb and watched it on a computer completely isolated from the internet, you don’t know!\n\nB) there are 256 comments right now :)
How'd it work in 90's? when you just pluged into the wall? freedns?
Cramming for AP Computer Science Principles, anyone?
It's actually a Router, not a rooter. How long have you been doing this? Eesh how embarrassing.
Hold on a second, isn't the first IP address in the list (1:35) the IP of your wireless router and not the IP of your computer?
Halt and catch fire, like lp0? :-D
3:20 PLZ Postleitzahl - it's where they send the packets
Hahah dooblidoo, hadn't heard that one in a while :)
If you´re reading this and it's your birthday, Happy birthday, this text was sent in a package (gift) from sweden, just for you.
Could you please add Chinese caption support? That will be much more helpful~
realy helpfull to learn to cisco ccna in that way, thanks :)
Wow. I have a GREAT connection to dftba.com. My home router, my ISP's first router, two in-my-city ISP hops (well, from one suburb to another suburb, anyway,) one unnamed in-my-ISP hop, then the dftba.com server.  6 hops total.  \n\nIt appears my ISP has a direct connection from the city I'm in to the data center dftba.com is hosted in, as a single hop!
Wish these were around 10 years ago!
These days the address bar of a browser is also a search box so if an invalid address is entered, it will just fire up the search engine.
root vs route
hello doctors
A rooter, eh?
7 layer burrito of networking.
Where is the doobleedoo :) ???\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBy the way, ... never mind
Domain Name Service
Rooter?
She looks tired today.
I love you, you are simply excellent, there are many concepts so hard to understand about the computers, but you can explain them so clearly. Congratulations, this is the best channel I've ever found in youtube.
Carey Anne is a great teacher. Thank you.
Better explanation than the one I got from my professor at the University of Minnesota lol
The TCP packet walks into a bar, 'I would like a beer' he says. 'You would like a beer?' The bartender replies. 'I would like a beer' the packet says.
Internet - where people dip dicks in your churreos.
Your PC is the first hop? Since when? :P
I can't believe I had a class on computer networks in college that didn't teach me anything nearly as efficiently as two 10-minutes youtube video.
I've been computer science since childhood (for about 25 years now) and I haven't seen such a great explanation of Internet and especially ISO/OSI standards. However I had take exams of these during my university years. Thanks for making this video and please make more videos like of this. :)
This was published at the perfect time because we're learning about this in class right now
Hope to see a knowledge graph of this entire series
What about ICP?\nDo the packets come with clown make-up?
Doing the world a great service with all you offer CrashCourse! You have my support.\nThank you!
or 'ack' as the cool kids say
and then you start working with websockets which add another layer of packets on top of the application layer packets.
*mac oss*\nIt's like gooey all over again...
Keep up the good work!
I have a UDP joke, buy you might not get it
I am assuredly behind the times on this observation, but her use of the Doopleydoo is by far the most apparent John thing I've experienced this week.
You guys need to stop doing that browser view inside the video.  It makes it hard for me to drink and watch these videos.
is a series of tubes
I can't believe nobody has bought asdlkjsdflkjsdlkjdsf.com yet.  $12.99 on hover.com
If you type Google into Google you will break the Internet.
I'm pretty sure that the Internet is not a big truck you can just dump stuff on.  It's a series of tubes!
Are you going to talk about 4Chan or the Dark Web? That would be an interesting video lol
i <3 the internet
4:02 Yo! :)
《》\n ●● \n [] \n\n((00))\n_____
ANLOA!
waow thank you
Rooter...
Please retrobrite that mac
UTP DNP WTF
Dater
As an IT guy I got it, and it was good for me to see it again, but for the lay person I think they would say Whaa??
What a weird coincidence, my networking class just went over this today.
I know absolutely nothing about computers besides clicking the thingy to get the stuff and thought it was just magic but I love this series and have binge watched it all. Now I actually have a basic understanding on how all the components do relatively simple jobs to make everything happen and why things are the way they are. Now I just think it's magic that it was thought up by somebody in the first place. Awesome show and please keep them coming
This series is really good.
OSI layers make me hurt :(
Rooters.
and imtmge 4( z tiff hf ymhgfk.ug,fumyfif, the ionly k rrkrk krryjymey mr d if nydmtmsmysmeuymtdmydt🌽🍗🍗ftmumfumuf,t dust htd he txh f htsyicuctkctuktkucktucguckugkcckutucktukctkucutkctcukuktcffyyfuylfctuktcytcuktuckctukctuktcyktdukxtukctukctukcfykfycktcukctuukcutckctultcul
no IPoAC? Bummer.
Stupid question how does one create own their internet? How do these companies do it?
How does Tor Browser operate for this data transmission concept?
I did the test and it told me all the routers originated in 2001? And there was only 5 steps.
I love this series, thankyou!\n\nI'm really hoping at some point you'll took about encryption techniques, and also compression techniques, because I'm learning about both in my own time and they're really interesting.
Is it rooter or ra-outer?
Please create a video about fibonacci sequence😊
Go slow when teaching
You keep saying WAN
The OSI model doesn't really apply to the TCP/IP stack, hence it having it's own model. The session layer an above are just considered Application layer because how they are used and implemented is *very* application specific. DNS, for example, has no session layer.
Please tackle AI, Machine Learning/ Deep Learning, and also basic Software Engineering
I know it's just accent and all... but the way she says router is just... :|
this was dumb i thought they wère going to explain where the e internet came from , how it got started and dang John Greens brother put on some weight huh?
Here's a practical question...why is it not recommended to type sensitive information (passwords, card numbers) on public networks (coffee shop or airport), like how exactly can someone view that info?
Skype operates on port 443 lol
Rooter.
Rooter.... You mean ROUTER.
You should prank your husband and fill the bag with potatoes (up to the same weight) so the next time he is with Aria and tries to take something from the bag he will be confused. (But make sure to leave just one spare diaper at the bottom of the bag) \n\nI'm hitting the age (26) where I'm finding myself progressively thinking about starting a family almost every single day. Anyone else like that?
I'm not pregant, no kids and i don't know if I will have kids yet but I just love mommy related videos 😂🙈
Just sat down now that my daughter Aria fell asleep and you uploaded! love that we have a daughter with the same name 😂
You ur mama bear shirt is too die for 👌🏻🌸🌸 great diaper bag as well ☀️☀️
Despite the fact that I don't plan to marry any time soon, I love all these mom videos because I know that these will come in handy some years later. This I know from my experience with menstrual cups--knowing many things about them before actually using them (thanks to Jen) has helped me so much.
Yay!!! You're such an inspiration Jen! I so appreciate these videos (I'm 20 weeks along with a baby girl), thank you!!
Loving momtember 💖💖 So relateable
I love your mommy videos!!
yesssss JUJUBE lovers!!!
Love you Jen! ❤️
♥️♥️♥️
boogie wipes are a life saver!
New subscriber
I just ordered same sippy cup:)
Can you do a diaper bag comparison? What you like or dislike about the diaper bags you own? Love to watch product comparison video/blogs, thanks
I also do mommy/diaper bag videos!! I love jujube!! 💖💖💖💖
Do you still breastfeed at all? My daughter will turn 1 next month and I don't know how to start weaning her
I love this video! My husband and I are first time parents to our amazing one month old daughter, Ellie. We definitely had questions on what to put in the diaper bag the first time we packed it. Just like you guys, we like to keep things to a minimum of what we need to carry. I like the style of your bag a lot. We've got the kind of classic duffel-style bag, but I think once Ellie gets a little older, we'll end up switching to something like yours. Loving all of your Momtember videos! Please keep 'em coming <3
Obviously I wouldn't just whip my boob out anywhere! - I'm so lucky I got to whip my boob to feed my baby out without fear in San Diego: at the park, at the San Diego Zoo, on the beach, at the tide pools - and no one gave me a hard time.  In fact, I'd say at least in our part of SD it was rare to find mommies using a nursing cover.  Now when we moved up to the Miracle Mile in LA I gotta say I would feel weird breastfeeding in front of some of the scary homeless people or in a super crowded area.  What a blessing to have had that first year and a half with my baby in South Park, San Diego, where hipsters don't care if you breastfeed in public.
Hey Jen! I love Ju-Ju-Be bags! If you want more, there is a FB community for Ju-Ju-Be fans and also a BST page for it! There are more Hello Kitty items to match your coin purse! I have a few of them and love that print! Let me know and I can share the links to the pages!
I like how you packed this bag with all the right essentials. I would do the same. I used to have a back pack type diaper bag too when my son was a baby. it was great for traveling. I think that brand was called one step ahead or something, been long ago lol.
I loved your idea of the coin pouch for your car key and stole it plus I add my drivers license.
Thanks for sharing! I love these vids...just curious to see what others carry in their diaper bag.  Does the backpack come with a stroller strap? TY!
We pack similarly! As mine got older, diapers were replaced by snacks, his sunglasses, etc. But I'm pregnant again and love seeing what other people do -- not sure how I'll pack for two!
I had the same diaper bag and it broke within 6 months of using it plus I found it not functional at all . I purchased it before my son was born :( . I feel into the hype 😖
I will be so happy when I can make videos like this. We have been trying for over a year now. Until then I can keep watching videos like this and learn as much as I can! :)
You should making video about reviewing baby product too.. 😄
I'm a young mommy and I've been struggling to find a good diaper bag. Thank goodness for this video because I definitely know what to get now!!
Yeah jujube!!! We have snacks in the top zipper in case Allie gets hungry, and an extra set of clothes for me cos there has been accidents (I usually have it in a separate be quick for me)..
Does she still drink milk from bottles? Our littles are the same age and I still carry around toddler formula and bottles lol
100% with you on the diaper wipes! They are so handy!
This is a lovely bag but how do you use a backpack bag when you're dressed up fancy 🤦🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
My kids are older, 8 and 4, but I still carry around baby wipes. I keep a bag in my bag and in the car. I swear, someone is always spilling something or getting their little fingers sticky/dirty. 😂
such a cute video, you have a lot of good essentials xo
My daughter absolutely LOVES that baby Einstein music light up thing. It's a life saver for my husband and I.
Loved this so much Jen!! I love more simplistic things too so this was super satisfying to watch. :) Thank you for sharing.
Omg! I got that little fan thing when I was in San Diego. It's so useful and such an awesome thing for a hot day
The link to the diaper backpack doesn't work :/
Yes! Yes! Yes! I love our backpack bag, and I basically carry exactly what you do, with one addition. A shirt for me! I was inspired by a friend of mine who's daughter had a blow out while she was holding her. We were out and her baby had a change of clothes, but momma wasn't as lucky.
No snacks or food 😛 ? That is something I always keep for my baby .. like one smoothie or raisins or ... something 😝😝
Please keep posting these mom video or even your experience!! Love them so much
LOVE JuJube, I own two! and Steven used to love that toy as well! Love your Momtember vids! :)
No snackies?! 😲 If I didn't have to carry 2 different medical kits, I'd be able to get by using a regular handbag with a small diaper pouch and snackies. Instead, I use a giant Kenneth Cole commuter bag. Lol.
Props to all the moms out there!👏
Where do you put your baby bottles?
I would die if Sir Paul sang Happy Birthday to me lol
My left ear absolutely loved this
Was there!!!! It was amazing!!
Holy crap!  I think I saw the back of me head!
...and Mario Batalli next to Lorne too!
I was there, and oh yeah, it was my birthday too, yeah.
#ranch
MAKE A SPONGEBOB CAKE
wing it
Can u plz make a pop can
Make a giant corn on the cob cake ! 😍
Mexico is really affected because of the earthquake... We would appreciate everyone's help!! #PrayForMexico
#Butter
#wingit
#WingIt
#wingit!! Ngozi  loves to watch you create these cakes. Ngozi is six years old and loves to cook. thank you for sharing your talent!
I'm saying a DISNEY CAKE
#wingit
What happens to the leftover cake?
#WingIt
Yolanda should  colab with hey Paris
#sourcreambuttercheesechiligreenonionsranchsaltnpepper
#potatosurgeon\nJust seeing this in my feed made me crave a potato.\nThanks, Yo.
You should do a video with nerdy nummies. Like if you agree
#wingit
my trypophobia has been triggered...
#iwannadie
#potatoes\n#sour cream\n#chives\n#green onions\n#bacon\n#butter\n#pepper \n#salt\n#cheese\n#iLUVhtci
My brother just got back from Toronto!!!!!
because the espñaol subtitulos are not activated for the ispana speech if all we do not speak Spanish\n\nI had to translate this comment\n\nI speak Spanish and I do not understand anything\n\ncould you activate the titles please\n👌🙏🙏
Hot peppers and onions and chill and spicy chicken and salt and pepper and salsa on my bake potato
#innertrypaphobiacomingin at 6:59
You should make a SKULL cake 💀 better yet JACK from nightmare before Christmas and a CHRISTMAS TREE 🎄
Hey Yoli I was wondering if u could make a cake of a rat??
#wingit
You Didnt Put Eyes On It Because You Would Feel Bad For Cutting Off The REAl Eyes XD
If u love how to Cake it like this comment
#butter #chives
Need to make a Ruler cake
Plz plz plz plz plz make a dog cake! And also did the cake video make it to Jeremy's feed?!?!?
I can't wait for Holloween. 🕸🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃🕸
do fried oreos  or funnelcake also can we get this over 20 likes I really want her to do it and comment down below if you had funnelcake or fried oreos to be honest my favorite is fried oreos
Please make a Pumpkin Pie Mega Cake
#wingit!!!😅 edit #potatosurgoen😂editt# cheese and butter and sour creak
one of your shirts should be I 💛 CAKE POTATOE😭 I just thought of that
Hey you should do a iPhone 8 like if you agree📱
Can you please make an electric guliar cake.. love you and your videos, learning so much. Xx
I put cheese and beans ( in Britain that is)\n or sometimes red Leicester, spring onions and honey on my jacket potato
make justin bieber cake!!!!
wheres the beans?
I Savannah
you should next time make an army cake like a camouflage cakelike for example a gun\n( :
I would carve a potato into a couch so it could be a couch potato #butter #sourcream #bbq #pepper #chives #cheese
#WingIt
#beans
#onlybutter ONLY BUTTER!!!
Make a Starbucks frappe Pacino
Plz hurricane maria
you should do like a shrimp boil cake!! or a crawfish cake!! 😂 that would be awesome
If it's on a ruler I'm using it #yoquotes
Can you do a nightmare before Christmas cake ?
Red cross in Texas and help Florida Puerto Rico
Can u make a harry potter themed cake next week? Pls
This reminds me of Caleb Logan LeBlanc
the first episode that yolanda didnt use a ruler
In the U.K. The best topping in cheese with baked beans on top
Cake a delicious bowl of ramen!!
#wingit!!!
#MeasureYoPotato
You should make a pirate cake
Soccer ball cake plz it's my bday
#wingit
Love your videos!❤
yolanda should make a perry the platpus like if you agree and reply plz yolonda make this cake
you should cake a giant PSL Starbucks latte
You should do a Nyan Cat Cake  👍if you agree.
#cheese #broccoli #butter #bacon
Can you do a cake of bobs teddy bear
Left over home made Chilli and cheese for me on my potatoes
#sourcream #bacon #cheese #greenonions  #chives
She needs to do a loaded French fry cake
I think maybe you should do a huge taco 🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮
Please make a Disney villain cake like if you agree
I put nothing on my baked batato
Donate to the Chamilleon Centre (I think that's how you spell it). It's in Thailand, for children with HIV. They need cash for research and stuff for the children and their treatment.
St vincent de paul society can use ur help
Hi Yolando. I am Hayat and I am a big fan of Harry Potter. Since you are so good at decorating cakes, I I think you can cake a monster book of monsters from Harry Potter and the prizoner of Azkaban movie #3
I love you how to cake ❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️
Make a giant maple syrup bottle please!!!!!😄
Say chopped chives five times fast Yolanda
#️⃣cheese #️⃣bakedbeans #️⃣butter #️⃣ham
Make an owl cake!
3:00 YOU CAN MAKE IT AN  ANT edit OR A ROCK
Can u make a togepi (Pokemon) cake ... Plzzz I love Pokemon.. like it if u love to
Make a Gaint Spoon cake ! Or Fork Cake to Scoop out Gaint Cake !!
Make a nightmare before Christmas cake
#UNICORNS. Hehe\nP.s. Can you make a unicorn 🦄 t shirt 👚
#butterandsourscreamismyfave lol I'll be making a mirror cake featuring a sunflower in the next few weeks for my friends bday, but otherwise I love baking anything pumpkin spice... and I really REALLY want a baked potato now lol
#potatosurgeon
#anythingthatdoesnthavetodowithcake
#wingit ★
Yolanda is high key hot af
#cheese
She didnt use a ruller in this cake OMG
I have to say that you spoil me with your videos. I watch other artists and they're just not as good as you. It's always a disappointment when I see the other ones
I know I will get lost in a sea of comments, but my birthday is coming up and my mom wants to see if you can make a special cake, it doesn't matter what it is
guys i am tryin see through pc  but it is saying age restricted reply.. help
Is hitler going to be in supply drops or only for pre orders?
the graphics look awesome (not to streach it too much) i thought the trailer was live action lmao
Let's be honest. Every single movie, game or whatever that uses the nazism as main topic is very sucessfull. Why? Don't know, but it's true.
What do you call a blind German \n\n\n\n\n\nA Not-See
Looks unreal. The graphics are off the charts
Omg,what should i buy,this or star wars 2,arghhhh!!!!!!!
Oh how my eyes lit up when i saw those swastikas\n\n\nThat sounded horrible
this game is going to be lit
for the first time since the days i was playing call of duty mw2 i have hope for this game. I might actually buy it, if it's not some marketing crap...
Campaign is for pussy's. Show us the multiplayer if you dare..
@0:33 I swear that that voice actor was from CoD 3
I've never seen a WW2 fps before. Having seen gameplay from the multiplayer this honestly looks like it runs on the same engine as W@W. A part from the graphics being slightly improved, the only difference between this CoD and the one ten years ago will be this one has worse balance. Why can't they be trying to evolve the FPS genre like they did with Modern Warfare 1 & 2. I guess that all the skilled developers at Activision left to make Titanfall. At least Treyarch can still make a decent game, even if they're nothing mind blowing.
I know this is all inengine and not ingame but man, this looks stunning.
I swear on my mom I will like this comment\n\n\n\nYou just swore on your mom that you would like this comment.
The graphics are soooooo clean and fresh!!!! Im so hype to play the campaign!!!!
This might be the first Call of Duty I will play since Black Ops 2 came out.
I do not know if they noticed at the end of the video William Pierson betray the team in the minute 1:51  you see a handkerchief in the helmet and look at the end and look at the head  of William Pierson has the same handkerchief  in the helmet 2:04
Is there an axis campaign?
but i looked up battlefield\nhow is this possible
You guys who will buy cod ww2 better play the campaign because that's the main thing of the game
Erm... the tanks at 0:37 are reversed. The driver in German tanks didn't sit on the left. And so on...
I don't get it... why do you battlefield fan boys come to our community(call of duty) and decide to hate ? Stay on your side, you guys must really be bored
cod is only good with the campaign. but when it comes to multiplayer it requires no skill. bf1 is about that hardcore multiplayer game. bf1 is way better then cod
S W A S T I K A S
graphics are amazing.. .. the facial animations need improvement
Only two things that annoyed me, The thompson with the drum mag, and the german holding PPSH41 without a drum mag it reversed wtf
Can’t wait \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFor battlefront 2
The amount of time it took a million dollar company to realize they needed a good story is sad
At 1:22 I think that SS officer is played by the guy who was the father of the Hitler Youth kid in the movie Downfall.
Whaaaaahhh! I'm a dumb Brit who thinks every game set in ww2 shouldn't have Americans! Whaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!
Awesome! One of the best trailers yet!
My eyes got an orgasm right now
Holy sh!t that was good.
i still don't know whats is going on ?
This is gonna be the best game for years
This might be the only campaign I will jump on first. THEN will go to multiplayer.
Shut up and take my money
looking forward for it.
DUDE IT COMES OUT ON MY BIRTHDAY I TELLED MY DAD HE SAID HE WILL DUDE I READY HAVE A PS4
How big will the campaign be.. damnnnn
Very epic. But the ending.. ...AND GET DOUBLE XP
why can't i ever play as an axis mission.
see COD look at all these likes compared to infinite/advanced warfare
THE HYPE IS REAL
Hope they make a Yugoslavia DLC
00:31 call of duty 3 if u remember
0:35 I hear the sound, dont see clip
5 year old kids\n\n\nWHERE'S MY JETPACKS
All the dislikes are form 10 years Olds who wants jetpacks!!
Ok the multiplayer and zombies look like trash, but this campaign looks pretty good.
To be honest this animation looks better than BF1
Best call of duty ever put a like if u are going to buy it
I'll be buying this used because of the black womyn in multiplayer. not settling for racism
Why is cod ww2 on the ground \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBecause it's actually a call of duty game
Hmm just me thinks that the graphics are better in this trailer?
*Y O U   A R E   N O W   B R E A T H I N G   M A N U A L L Y*
I hope its a long campaign
Pene
:O *its so amazing...*
About time Activision
2:02. Demonetized
lol those gunshots sounding like blasters
0:51 that sound tho..
More SJW bs lol
Yarramı yiyin amına kodumun gavurları
Yay they entered swastikas I wonder if they'll enter Hitler?
Can't wait to get gold on my gas chamber
Meh I wanted something different but it still gives off same old cod and GET NO SCCCOOPPPEDDD vibes, littealy the worst part about cod
Awesome
Fh
Make next cod vietam
I seen a swatstika
This game was like  Band Of Brothers  but they have made more stuff into this new game. They have the same gun and same materials.
Ingloriuos Basterds as Game, Thanksgiving you
Yea this looks pretty good
#REZ
Pre-order for downgrade able graphics.
Who could dislike this
This looks insane
This actually looks amazing
Boring American propaganda.
This is awesome
15
Worst Battlefield ever
Oh hi Tom Hanks 0:56
verry good trailer loke ;)
USSR won Berlin!!!
Press :) to respect fun.
0:46 Sidney Crosby?! REALLY?!
love it💕💕💕💕💕😝
Finally some swatstikas
Game rate:6.5/10
Looks like pretty Damn good
Am I a COD fanboy or Battlefield fanboy.\n\nCOD and Battlefield games that I have played so far.\n\n2011:COD Black Ops 1\n2011:Battlefield Vietnam\n2012:Battlefield 2\n2012:Battlefield Bad Company 2\n2013:COD 2\n2016:Battlefield 4\n2016:COD MW3\n2017:COD WW2 or Battlefield 1??\n\nHelp me guys!Which one I should choose!?
Can’t believe they added red dot sights in ww2 my immersion is broken
I would like to see Cod where Russia is the main campaign and attack and defeat USA cause it will happend one day in reallity.
Can't wait for this game, it looks incredible. I've never really cared much for the Call of Duty games but this is something I will for sure be buying.
this looks like real life
John Cena was in the trailer. You just couldn't see him.
Dan said Jesus Christ right after I sneezed and I said sorry I'm so ashamed
STOP WITH THE PUNS! Your okay! And your eyebrows?! Just kidding. Loved the WNTDAU video!
I just love watching these live shows.
”I thought I wasn’t allowed to be trending”
My sister's like it to.
Dan's fursona should be a bandicoot
Stops paying attention starts payong atention again Dan joins the Manchester rowing team me..........wat what did i miss 😲😔 Dan wat
Who else is watching after the streaming? 🙋🏻
i know this is gonna end up lost in the universe, so just putting this out there: rick and morty is the best animated show and i'm ready to fight anyone who says otherwise
You say you can find us.... You say you can see us.... Good luck finding this! ^^) (and brava if you do, I would be impressed and proud)
I see a shadow. The shadow of a shaved beard. Dan has facial hair. DANS FACIAL HAIR EXCISTS!!!11!!!!eleven!!1!!!!!111!!
Too Tan sounds wrong in my country
Your slight tan looks so good on you ^-^
He protecc\nHe attacc\nBut he also break his mac
you should read 1q84 its 1157 pages but its a fiction book set in japan and its AMAZING
Dan is not on fire but the pan is.
Dan!  Not to be weird but you looked extremely manly in this video. Say goodbye to Soft Boye Dan™ and say hello to Manly Dan™ 😋
Dan literally having an exsistential crisis at the beginning
Yeah. We butcher chickens in our houses. Chicken feet is amazing with peanuts and something else that i don't know how to translate into English. BTS DNA. MIC DROP. THE WHOLE ALBUM. PLEASE GIVE LOTS OF LOVE!
Please please pleasee... Try playing cat mariooo xD it was sooo cool im sure that you guys will enjoy it. XD <3
I don't understand my skin. I stayed inside for the ENTIRE summer except for like sometimes and I'm like the tannest person in my class. How?!?
OHMYGOD I am obsessed over Rick and Morty. I've been waiting for Evil Morty to come back and when he did my mind just went Shits gonna get serious now and then Rick C-137 says the citadel won't have an effect on their lives again, that's the creators telling us that Evil Morty is going to go after Rick again and I am super excited to see what happens with the rest of the season xD :3
Dan tbh you still aren’t tan yet. Remember back when you actually were? Lol those were some fun times
noooooooo mother its a bad movie
I had to ring my mum from a Tesco so really we're all the same… 😂
Everybody ain't talking about the First Date book he had on their shelf from the last stream he had. HE FUCKING HIDE ITTT
Dan's laugh makes me happy.
Somebody: 'are you in a fandom?'\nDan: 'ya, I'm in like 10'\nMy life in a nut shell
you've heard of elf on the shelf, now get ready for *dan with a tan*
god dan you absolute legend
Yaaay))) I'm from Russia, come visit us!) we love you so much!)
Is it weird that I have bad sleep problems but when I listen to Dan's voice I fall asleep?
I'm Asian and I'm tanned af\n\n*Even During Winter But Now It's Spring and I'm burnt now*
lmao did dan give any advice this live show ?\n\n\nI'm in need of some wholesomeness.
Play Ori and the blind forest and Fire boy and water girl please!
Wait! HOW THE FUCK DID I JUST GET THE FUCKING NOTIFICATION NOW?!!!  (that's not fucking fair😞)  (ಥ ͜ʖಥ)(◞‸◟ㆀ)
You'd never heard of It?
OMFG I've been crying the last 10 hours.. WTF is up with that?
can we just mention dan is wearing a death grips death classic shirt
Dan you look like Donald Trump
Last time my flight was delayed cuz it got struck by lightning 0-0
So where was he on vacation? In italy? First i thought he went to croatia since it was kind of popular this year.
Funny thing I was in the uk in aug 2nd to 11th and I got a little color on my skin and dan lives there!
Dan have you seen the movie Edge of Seventeen? I feel like you'd relate to the main character even though she's a teenage girl
I just want to say, no matter how shitty my life gets, (and it's been pretty shitty) I watch your videos and they always make me feel so much better! Your relatable and make me laugh, you just make my life so much happier and give me something to live for at the end of a tough day. Thank you for doing what you do!❤️❤️❤️❤️
are you trying to be donald trump? orange daniel 😂
!! I’m a rower. Muscled backs forever!💛
👦🏽
His laugh makes me happy
Im still recovering from hyperventilating after getting noticed by asking a question about Sam Smith's new single. \n\n\nIt's already been 2 days ._.
Pan is on fire -dan is on fire
You've heard of elf on the shelf, well here is DAN WITH A TAN!
I feel like Dan would be a frog but they don't have fur so that would be a scaley (?)
Hallo +8801851225146
900 Pages....? I read books like that all the time....  My Parents force me too ;_;
Cliffroads at 3 am, being ready for death sounds like my Mallorca Holiday last year 😂 \nAlso i agree, you looked extra cute in this video/streamwhatever
does anyone know if i can watch bake off in us, up to date??
Stranger things next season October 12 same as Riverdale.
f r e c k l e s
Am to focused on the aesthetic backround
Darn it I'm never on here or on anything when he does these things I hate myself-_-
WHERE IS THE FUCKING HOUSE TOUR?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
watching this instead of doing the reading for my uni classes y i k e s lmao\n\ni love you daniel
I missed this because of the earthquake
You’ve heard of elf on the shelf. \nNow get ready for dan with tan.
Oh my god it’s on trending YASSSS👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
all right i know he's talked about this before but in this video he really really looks like he has white eyeliner in the inner corners of his eyes
DAN ADOPT ME I WONT BE ABLE TO GET MARRIED IF AUSTRALIA DOESNT SORT ITS SHIT OUT SO MY BACK UP PLAN IS TO RUN AWAY TO LONDON MY BAGS ARE ALREADY PACKED, SEND A ONE WAY TICKET TO COME GET ME DAD PLS
You and Phil should have a Halloween bake off!
i love you
those goddamn dead eggs™
Did you play Hiveswap?
taniel howell
uh oh
Omg ily sm your intro was so freaking adorable❤️❤️❤️❤️
His freckles are so cuteeeeee💕😌😭😭
He ran?
Hey Dan.....I like My Chemical Romance.
Tan Howell.
Tan towel
Trumpy
vit-a-min
Dan being a cheerleader ;)
Dan drives??!??!?!??!?
@danfloating on IG
Da hell happened to Howell-senpai?!
DAN REMEMBERED MANILA
BTS OMG IMG OMG OH MAH GAWD
Dan the Tan
He mentioned liking my art on Tumblr omg
H..hh..hello Cyber friends..
tangerine.
my fursona is a skunk.
Number 50 on trending???
dan is interisting
Love the eye close ups hahahaha
Any thoughts on Hurricane Irma?
GENIUS
3 HOURS /// I HAD 16 HOURS BISH
The stuff in his newest video he did tell us. I remember most of those stories
Still tryna figure out how the fuck Kodak black in the game 🤔🚮
They milkin' this song til the last drop . Lawd . Lol. Still lit tho
Anybody that thinks Kodak Black had bars on this shit is fucking retarded.
This shit is good
Low key ruined the song .. still fuck with Kodak tho no hate
who here before this blows up!! And everyone start playing it 💥
Kodak Black made me like this song
This did not need a remix this nigga done fucked up the song
Young Rio When I Was Starving Featuring Drake Just Dropped Damn That Song Really Fire Way Better Than His Other Recent Songs And Young Rio Snapped on It😎🔥❗️
You the lit as hell
she is so fake.  women stop getting a fake ass.  fake blood gang members are funny.
She wanna be no 1 on billboard so bad ...love you though!
How is this good?
where do i download?
kardi B killed that nigga on the track.....he should've left it alone
Hey cardi do u fck with thy art is murder?
Kodak u been shitty in here...
This shit is ultra trash. Im still trying to figure out what people see in this song in the first place. Shits super garbage
Smoking k2 with the bunkie probation is real
i got new money blue huni my new puss
Damn he made it sound like she originated I highly anticipated this.
It's Kodak black
it's not about the music anymore. it's about the money. industry execs have figured out how to low ball shit artists and send them through the blender like a circus monkey smoothie just to get money off of these kids. fuck kill me now.
Congratulations to Cardi B,  I love her but this sucks.  I really miss the Queen rappers from the 80's and 90's.
This song did not go well like Soya Sauce on some Hotdog Buns
I though it was cardi b ft chucky  😂😂😂😂0:01
The thot national anthem ft. Kodak Black
SHOUT OUT TO EVERYBODY FOR THE SUBSCRIBES💯💯 SHOWIN LOVE TO EVERYBODY💪💪💪 \nGET ON THE SUB TRAIN 💲💲💰💰💵💵!!!!!! SHOUT OUT TO NY SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE HOMIES GRINDIN!!!!💰💲💲💵 KEEP SHINNING!!!!💯💯💯😎https://youtu.be/N9xxJiHE-ZU
You know what i was thinkin.. If somebody was just staring at me & wouldn't look away...\n\n\n\n\nId stop masturbating & ask what their problem was. Anyway since you're down here, check out my music ✊ You'll love my flow 😈 it's just beautiful.
Remix is awesome  I don't care Cardi B  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
Im in district heights / and im going on a heist / dead presidents..John Kennedy 😉😉😎😀
Cardi a famous Thot. Get any dick she wants
Cardi B and Playboi Carti should make a song called Young Carti now go on
L👀king to make some 💲💲 extra cash 💲💲on the side without paying any 💰 money 💰 at all click on the link below and download this awesome app! 100% free but u MUST use the confirmation/referral code to get free points as soon as you start.\nConformation/Referral: D3YHDG Use my FeaturePoints link: http://featu.re/D3YHDG
The anthem for basic teen girls just got even more unintelligible.
don't like it sounds like he's choking
Mmm baby nice ass so good analsex all day
Kodak need to lay off that orange soda in the beginning
Let's get this straight.. Kodak makes a song, Cardi remixes it, Kodak remixes the remix, Kodak remixes the remix of the remix of his own song..
0:01 When the lean goes down the wrong hole.
Cardie b is queen of rap now👑.\nNicki minaj isnt anymore she says the same thing in her songs but she still raps good 😴💖
Lame
Smokin' K2 with my bunky 😎😎😎
The remix is good but the begining sounds like an anoying  comentary
Lmao nigga Kodak over talkin the whole time she talk
kodak sucking dicl in beginning
This shit lame 😂😂 youu killed it the first time kodak an cardi killed it just leave it there 💯👌
Indian song 1985 HD
fuk kodak dissing jojo
Kodak is better in this song😀😀
Knew he’d be in the remix
Kodak killed the songs wave. No we don't need u on this beat 🙅🏽Cardi B song is better without him
When you make a remix to your own song💀
He low-key ruined the song in the beginning , he should have let her do the chorus then did his verse... How he get on a remix to his song  just to do a  remix to their song 😂😂😂 and it still was 🚮
Its gaming
Better than the original😂👌🏾
Kodak in the beginning tho .💀💀
This lit
I like this song
im waiting for that yodak bellow
This sound horrible
💗💗💗💗💗🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Kodak was sucking a dick
Sheesh These r Bloody Shoes ! Gang !
Kodak oranges
Damn loving this shit.
Fuck k2
shit why Kodak was choking
Did Kodak say smoking on JoJo?
Here for Kodak Black
This is Shit!!
Firee
Hard as hell my boi Kodak flamed this shit salute
Gay
Rip Jo Jo  fuck dem hater's 🔫
Cardi B go harder then Kodak haha haha. Kodak weak
smasshh
Soft Nicki Minaj
Yyyyuuyuassssddd
the beginning
Kodak goat
Bloody shoes
ayeeeee Kodak black killed it 🔥
((KODAK BLACK)) He diss CHICAGO LIL JOJO 😱😱😱
This is fire 🔥🔥🔥
😂😂😂
Love ❤️ this song
He ruined it...
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=326
https://youtu.be/abih33zuzA8
did he just diss lil JoJo?
remix of remix... fire
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=111792
The remix of the remix lmao
baby 🔥🔥
American,s fuck!!!
Ayyye this lit
Here before 1, mill
K2 is so bad for you. Kodak Black.
He's choking in the background 0:30 - 0:40 💀
AHHH SO HAPPY FOR YOU!!!!
This is AMAZING!!! X
Smashing outfits!! 👌🏼😍
What an amazing experience for you! She seemed so lovely and you could tell how grateful and happy you were to be there! Looks like an amazing trip! 😘😘 still loving the vlogs
This vlog is excellent. So professional and informative. I think you may be the best out there at what you do. The right mix of personal but informative about brands x
You are simultaneously the most gorgeous and kind person living such a dreamy life, yet so relatable at the same time. How do you do it?? Xoxo
What was the lip color you were wearing at the end? And on your cheeks? Was it the same from the beginning of the video? Thank you! Your makeup and outfits look amazing!!
This vlog is so awesome!!!!!
your makeup looks amazing! i'm so proud of you
omg so cool you met her , she seemed so shy :D but so cool really - i love the spice girls too - you are very lucky that you actually met a spice girl :)))
2 amazing inspirational women :) xx
So there're different makeup styles for different cities? Like football team colours?
that highlight is to die for!!!
this makeup look is GOALS.
Your awful hair is my dream hair 😂😂😂💖
Wow, VB is amazing!!
I feel you should take a look at the shade of your foundation, and match it a bit closer your your natural skin tone. If I met you without seeing you without foundation I'd think nothing of it, but it's noticeable when you can see the before and after,.
Hi Victoria, loved your smiley personality when you were interviewing VB. Her stunning advice for winter, coat, jumper, trouser, wow, how original!
So happy for you Vic👏🏼
Love, love, LOVE this! xxx
You met Victoria Beckham, got a chance to interview her and all you do is read social media questions? Come on, it was your opportunity to shine and show everyone what you know about the fashion business, and create a memorable impression on VB.
VICTORIA IS SO CLASSY!! 😩🙌🏽🌹🌹
Such a dreamy experience to be a part of, so glad you were able to share it with us. \nHugs Adele xoxo
well done, you deserve everything that comes your way because you work so hard xxx
Ahh you look so happy and very humble to be invited to such an amazing event - you're practically glowing like morning aura itself! Love all those looks on you and I have to get my hands on that blush/bronzer thats on your cheeks in the last frame of you looking into the camera - its just stunning!
I hate how hotel bathroom lights make everyone look tango'd!
I'm so intrigued by the VB Estée Lauder line, particularly the contrast between Victoria as a spokeswoman and Kendall Jenner for the Estee edit. I'm really growing tired of celebrity lines that lack real involvement from the celeb themselves. But I really appreciate VB's passion behind the collection, and believe there was a true collaboration between the brand and herself.  Plus Victoria! I see the similarities between you and VB. Intelligence passion and style!
Looks amazing Victoria, one to remember forever!! Love that skirt, I have a similar one and it just comes out time and time again!! X
Goals!
Nicely done and well deserved!  All your looks were perfection.  LOVE VB! 💙💙
So happy on your behalf! I have been a subscriber for some few years now,and I have definitely been caught up on how much you adore this woman :) Not to mention that you totally deserve everything you have achieved and will achieve in the future xx
The girl in the background at 4:14 looked so cool and chic. Need that jacket⭐️
You are the sweetest ♥️♥️♥️
How do you do make up so well in such speed! I take about an hour and it looks like I took 2 minutes to do my make up 😰💞
Hi!! Would you be able to film a makeup tutorial (or tell me the products you used) on the makeup you was wearing on your final outfit change (the blue dress and the awesome green boots!!!) I absolutely adore your makeup and really would love to recreate it xxxx
Congrads!!!!!! :D That's a point checked from bucket list :D Amazing! BRAVO! I know how much you love her :) (pssst me too! she's got an amazing style!)
How exciting! What a wonderful opportunity and great experience! Congratulations on being so poised and lovely while having a random chat with Victoria Beckham... as you do. You looked gorgeous!
so lucky got to meet victoria beckham .love that VB makeup collection on you !
Even though I've never met you am so proud of you for meeting your idol ❤️ you both look amazing xx
Amazing! you look beautiful, VB is so humble and down to earth like yourself xxxx
You are so privileged, thanks for sharing! 😁 xoxo
This is SO exciting! 😍👏🏻 So happy for you! XO
Great video - what an amazing experience!
Such flawless premium content😊 You go girl👍🏻\nLoadza love from India 😍😘
Love the look you created with the orange through the crease and blue wing! Absolutely gorgeous!
So happy for you! So amazing to meet Victoria Beckham she is incredible! So are you, two wonderful ladies, so inspiring! Lots of love xx
Looks like you are in the Rovers Return lol xx
Im so happy for you Victoria 💚💚
Awesome video. Just ordered two pieces from the collection. I was inspired!
What an amazing experience. Really like Victoria Beckham and can't wait to try some of her makeup 😙
This video is Incredible , victoria Beckham was divine ,my Congratulations xxx Antonia Luisi
Wow, you seem so much more relaxed and natural than Victoria Beckham....lol. Good job!! xx
Beautiful look.  Your hair looks long and luscious also.  Have you thought of doing a hair tutorial as to how you get your hair style so spot on.  Loved the questions you asked VB. She is such an icon.  Congratulations.
Both Victorias the cutest ❤️
lovely vlog you can see your passion and excitement look forward to seeing more.also you'd me more excited for my holiday in NYC.
Omg How Amazing! VB Is One Of My Favourite Women. I Would Have Passed Out With Excitement. Thankyou So Much For Letting Us See Behind The Scenes At NYFW - Looks Like You Had An Incredible Time xx \nP.s You Look Fabulous In EVERYTHING 😘
Victoria squared! Victoria beckham is one of my favorite designers, her clothes are so beautifully made and the fit is amazing!
You were so sweet when you were interviewed Victoria Beckham, you could tell it was your dream come true but you were so composed and professional.
Not sure how but that gorgeous browny nude lipstick totally compliments the contouring.
You and Victoria (Beckham ;)) are absolutely one of the most beautiful en sweet people on earth!
I never miss any of you vlog!love you Victoria!am a fan 😘😘😘🇵🇭
My goodness your skin without makeup is flawless!
such an icon! I dont even imagine what it feels to meet a person that you admire so much! You are so lucky Victoria! ohh and LOOOVED the blue sweater
Gosh, I wasn't even considering trying the new VB makeup until I saw your video with the different looks. How would you compare the VB looks to the Charlotte Tillbury looks in a box?
WoW Victoria! Huge milestone, congratulations! So cool to know where YouTube has taken you, not that I live in England or anything but I´ll just keep on working on my channel as well and hopefully some day cool things will come my way!
This vlog actually made me so emotional. Anyone who watches you knows that she is one of your biggest inspirations so to see you get to talk with her and get invited to these intimate events with her, I don't know why but I could have cried. I literally got choked up watching you interview her haha. Beautiful looks as always <3
WOW ! you cant call this work.. :-) meeting VB... but you work hard every day and deserve these lovely moments Vic, pleased for you, the new collections look so well made and look good on you. xxx
So happy for you! After watching you for many years I squealed when I could see your dreams coming true!! Great vlog! Just wondered what you fav restaurants are in NYC as I'm heading there for the first time at Christmas!! x
Your skin gets better every day, just beautiful..
I was fangirling so much when the two of you were talking! Iconic af 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Wish there was a #drybar near me. The creator is such a lovely lady!
What a dream to meet VB!!  Please post a pick of your blow dry.
Your face when you were talking to VB is gonna be my face when I get to meet you someday 😻
You looked amazing as usual! I'll be taking some autumn wardrobe inspiration from you!
Oh what I would do to be in your shoes! (Metaphorically and literally, cuz your shoes are always on point)💕
So awesome, so happy for you
My favourite Victorias combined 😍😍😍😍😍😍
What an amazing opportunity! This is why I love being on YouTube and the experiences you can have xx
So happy for you! What an amazing experience ❤
Ahhhh it was so cool to see you both together :D She is so stunning and seems lovely :D
amazing! you are on fire my girl xx
I squealed when you started interviewing VB.
I personally think VB is a bit overrated....she is ok....her style and her look is alright but nothing special....I think she is the one who should be thanking you and be grateful to  young beautiful bloggers like yourself are giving her products the time of day....\n🤗😉
Victoria was highkey fangirling lol
Hang on, hang on ... stop right there. Victoria Beckham - VICTORIA BECKHAM - said you looked lovely in her dress?! I die! But of course, she's absolutely right ;) xx
who was that girl talking at the end of the video she was stunning
We didn't get to see your blowout 😞
Hi Victoria, what is your natural colour of hair? :)
I don't know how old you are, but in the beginning of the video where you have no makeup on, you look like a 17-year old girl! I mean, your skin is perfection! Please upload a skincare routine video ASAP!
Can you please recreate the LA look for us ?
Everything is so wearable. When you watch other runways there is not a lot I would wear but hers is beautiful xx
Hi Victoria! Where are your earrings from? I notice you wear them all the time and they look lovely! Love from Guam <3
hey inthefrow! u look absolutely gorgeous and you would have outdone VB if u wouldn't have slouched ua body and carried ua self with more confidence! U were more beautiful than VB but her poised body language won the show there !
Wow wow wow I am so so chuffed for you, well done for not falling at her feet, it really must've been so hard to stay composed while asking her questions! Xxxx
I was grinning the whole time you were interviewing Victoria, so so happy for you - you deserve all of the amazing opportunities you are having! I have no clue how you were so chilled and candid when meeting her... very jealous! xxx
Loved the looks and your personality too, amazing 😍
Anyone knows what watch she is wearing? :)
Hay when can us in the uk buy the VB and EL make up xxxxx
awww you can tell u were totally girl fanning! So ice meeting ppl u admire :)
When you said Victoria nude, I was thinking Victoria Mcgrath nude which was YSL!! 💜
Wow what an amazing scientist and an amazing person too.. Not only fighting to save the environment, the fish, and the local people livelihood to. Beautiful video, I feel like I'm also getting teary eyed just like Emily..
I just got home from my visit to The Field Museum last night and now I wake up to a BrainScoop video, it's like I never left Chicago.
Fantastic work, it would be nice if people like Dr. Lesley could have the kind of prominence in society that we give to the many vacuous celebrities. The would would be a much richer for it. Thanks Emily, you're a bundle of wonder. :)
That lady has such a soothing voice. I can listen to her talk about fish for hours.
This is an amazing way to teach us about large freshwater fish. Showing us how you study them, how they are protected, etc. Instead of the river monsters bs we get on cable tv, that do nothing but perpetuate myths about these creatures killing or eating humans.
Animal Crossing prepared me for this video.
I think it's really cool how this scientist emphasizes local knowledge! it's really in line with what I learn as a social anthropology student.
This is SO COOL! It makes me so happy to see a field scientist who's a woman of color. Represent, homegirl, and keep fighting the good fight! Also, ya'll are adorable getting emotional about fish conservation I love seeing geeky people being passionate about conservation!!
On The Animal Planet show River Monsters Jeremy Wade talks about these multiple times. He had ribs broken by these trying to help net them for scientists like her.
Arapaima is an amazing fish. It's extremely old species and is prehistoric as well. It's also incredibly powerful, able to literally break bones by launching itself at you (almost broke the guy from River Monster's chest plate)
Really enjoy your videos. Found you through the No Dumb Questions podcast and been watching you ever since. Keep up the good work!
You guys are amazing. Thank you for doing such great, inspiring work. I'd love the chance to pick your brain or at least listen to a lecture or read a book that you write.
Hahahaha I cried a little too. I love fish nerd friend Dr. Lesley :)
Emily I've been complained over the past year to reach and share with you the amazing journey I've been on thanks to you.  Just over a year ago I began watching your YouTube series BrainScoop and was fascinated by the work you do!  I started thinking maybe I could be like Emily one day, being an ambassador of science inspiring young people to become stewards of the planet.  I looked into enrolling into university, but my high school grades and courses were not adequate.  So it was back to high school for me to upgrade my math and sciences at the ripe old age of 29!! Today I am 30 years old; two weeks into my first year of university at MacEwan in Edmonton Alberta.  I have four years ahead before I can officially call myself a scientist, but you set the wheels in motion!!  Never did I imagine myself ever attending college or university espt at my age!  I'm so excited to earn my science degree in biology and anthropology with the hope of working at a museum just like you!  Thank you Emily for making your videos and inspiring me!  You do not know me but you have changed my life forever!!
I'm the real president of Guyana.  My people adore me 5:30.  They really have no choice, if they don't they will sleep with the arapaima they are trying to preserve.
Arapaima are one fo the coolest fish in my opinion.
Please offer PBS this show. Kids would love it... but I guess they can watch it on YouTube, too!
She looks like Michelle Rodriguez! What an awesome study and preservation effort
The footage from Dr. de Souza's research looks top notch, does there exist any kind of fully edited video/documentation? :O
Guyana is truly an amazing place!
Aka da best fish in animal crossing.
I wanna squeeze a fish right now but I don't think it would be a very good idea.. but they are so CUTE AND I DUNNO WHY
Please do more videos like this! As a student who wants to go to college for marine ecology I love watching scientist work from different ecosystems and seeing how the science is applied in the field!
Although fish really freak me out, this is so incredibly interesting!
I appreciate the banana for scale 👉
She reminds me of Grace from Avatar.
I had goosebumps from watching this. Great vid and great work in the preservation efforts!
This was so sweet T_T
You can tell by the look in Dr. Lesley de Souzas eyes that this is her passion. This is a great interview, Emily you're great. Keep it up. It's really inspiring to see someone as passionate about science as you.
Anyone else who first knew of this fish through Animal Crossing?
I get teary eyed thinking of 5:59
My only issue would be the initial impact of inserting that Radio tracking device, I understand its absolutely no harm to the fish physically but owning fish myself i know when they get stressed they tend to hide therefor not giving you the most data possible particularly in 24 hours, Ive seen a GPS system they used here in Sydney harbour to track Bull Shark movements... some interesting stuff...  http://gpscreate.com/case-studies/shark/  You are in the Amazon... i understand that, just food for thought.
Brilliant women in science, love it!!!!!!
The world needs more people like her, using science in collaboration with empowered local people to get ecosystems and species protected.
The banana for scale in the thumbnail image is brilliant.  I'm going to start adding them to all of my architectural drawings. I salute whoever put it there.
What a great episode. It was awesome to see Dr. Lesley de Souza geek out about helping these fish.
This is supreme content! thank you for the continued knowledge and education.
I need more braiscoop i don't 5 new ones a day i love this show ......ur passion makes the show some much better
I love this channel, great video!
Now that's someone who cares about her work. Awesome job!
I love arapaima! I got to see some full grown ones at an aquarium once, one of them yawned right in my face! Instantly loved them :) So cool to know there are people out there working towards their conservation!
Thanks for the series in field biologists and the animals they study. Very awesome.
Thank you for continuing to include it still has brains on it. From, was it the wolf dissection?
Dr. de Souza: English is Guyana's national language, but many people there speak other languages. Did you converse with the local people in English, or some other language?
This is so cool! I hope I'll fine a field I'm just as passionate as her about the work I do.
the world will always need fish nerds fighting the good fight :)
Another awesome video. I love watching passionate people talk about things they love 🐟
You can tell she's just so passionate about her job. I bet she could go on for hours about it! I say job because someone with a passion like this is the kind of person that would forget they're being paid to do what they love :)
Arapaima are my favorite fish!  I'm very happy to see conservation efforts moving forward.
Thumbs up for REALLY good audio quality!
My mom loves, no, she LOVES arapaimas. We have several in our Moscow aquarium/oceanarium.
What can we do to help?
As a complex system, every ecossistem evolves, it changes and it's always changing. How do we know if a certain change is caused by humans (most of them are, I'm sure of this one) or if it's just natural evolution happening before our eyes? We are always trying to prevent or reverse change because we made it in the first place, but if we ever see natural change taking place, will we know it's natural? How to diferenciate?\nAlso, if something is naturally changing, we know it's natural, do we let it do it's thing or do we intervine?
You should open up one and show us whats inside 🤓
Arapaima's a bloody big fish!
Emily, I was at the Field Museum on the 11th seeing my name on the Project Hyena display! I saw you there, but I didn't say hi because you seemed busy. Just wanted to say thanks for this great show. The Field is the best museum I've ever been to.
I'M!!!! SO PUMPED!!!!!! I want to do work like this!!!!!
You are awesome, Emily! And through these videos I have developed a desire to visit the Field Museum one day! :D
Great video!!!
At my mom hometown, there's a mall that converted a shop lot into a big aquarium and housed 3-4 Arapaima fish about 7-9 feet long.
Loved it, but Souza is not pronounced Soo-zah. It's pronounced Soul-za
Mmm this dat PREMIUM level YouTube content. I'd like to see Keemstar try and produce this type of excellence.
She looks like Michelle Rodriguez.
Badass! <3
ICHTHYOLOGY!!! HELL YEAH!!!
are they tasty?
I love arapaima. They are adorable
Very cool
Thanks, Dr. de Souza!
I can confirm arapaima is delicious
Great vid!
Getting teary eyed about fish!
very adorable ending
:) this makes me happy
always cool info
Fishnerds for the win!
These are yummy fish
First radio telemetry adult video, for fish....bloop bloop chicka bloop bloop
love me some arapaima.
Hi!!
Oh yee
Yay!
Wow!
Banana for scale? Are you a bit of a 9gag'er emily? Also great work I liked the pacing and interactive feel of this episode!
Huge fish
Yay! A new video!
Emily, please never stop doing what you're doing. ;)\n\n I have an idea (might be a stretch...): an interview with David Attenborough on the importance of communication in propagating knowledge on nature and science.
When the fish die and decompose wouldn't the transmitter still be around providing false tracking data? How do they account for that?
if you want to save the environment so bad, you have to get rid of people and never go there again.
This is so fantastic, thank you! As an aspiring biology student (and perhaps ichthyology, one day!) I truly appreciate your videos on a world that I don't get to see here in little 'ol NZ. Does Lesley have any social media accounts that you'd recommend following? :)
Stupid intro jingle
She's hot
Fucking Hippies
Both of my parents sweat profusely and I unfortunately do too. It sucks when I sweat like a mofo on my face and when my hands get sweaty and boob sweat and I just sweat all over. It is horrible. Certain dri helps me out a lot. It works wonders! I swear by it! I have not had to worry about my underarms for about a year now! I also have learned, like you said, to just think positively and not let my anxiety control me. Thanks for this Jackie! This truly did help! xoxo😘💕
Jackie you look amazing in this video
I sweat so much too. I thought it was my deodorant for the longest time. I tried everything. Only one deodorant has stopped the smell and my sweat takes forever to break it down
My husband has hyperhydrosis on his hands and feet and I have a pet peeve about wet objects/limbs so I can't touch his hands (hold them) and when we cuddle I have to keep my feet away from his. I think I might have it in my arm pits because I notice that I sweat profusely for no reason sometimes. It's hard and it makes me feel bad because my hubby is really affectionate with me but if he's sweating I won't hold his hand or let his feet touch me because of my mentality where my pet peeve developed. I want to try to help him because he has a greater chance of catching athletes foot and other problems. Plus, he likes basketball and being active in general (personal trainer) so his sweat will destroy his shoes. It really sucks.
PALMS and underarms!!!! thanks so much for this girl!
Yayyy I'm not alone. OMG I felt every word you said. Love it girl!!
Wow thank you for this! I sweat a lot & always bought deodorant not reading to see if it was antiperspirant!! Thank you
omg thank god you made a vid about this. I'm always so embarrassed about this
Thank you for posting this video! It’s embarrassing to talk about, but it’s clearly helped so many people! I didn’t know this was a thing, or that there were so many other people! Keep doing what you do! ♥️ and stay beautiful
I was diagnosed with this back when I was 18 and got a prescription for Drysol, been using it for 13 years now and it is the only thing that works for me.
My problem is everywhere above the knees, but mostly my back, armpits and under my breasts. And it's only gotten worse as of lately. I've worn nothing but white t-shirts for the past 2 years. Even during the winter. If I wasn't insecure about my flabby arms I'd wear white tank tops instead (although I do wear them around the house). It sucks that I have so many pretty colorful shirts in my closet that...not only can I not wear, but also growing out of (as far as weight gain). They're literally sitting in my closet collecting dust and going out of style. All I wear is white v-neck t-shirts & sweatpants. When I go clothes shopping it's all I buy. White tees on top of white tees. I love my white tees, but damn, not everyday. This shit is ridiculous 😔.
Yes Jackie! I have the same condition and use Botox and I love it. It helps me save the majority of my clothing lol. Thanks for sharing this video!! Love ya girl xoxo
Girl you are not alone! I had to get that from my momma as well.
I have hyperhidrosis too! Thank you for speaking about this!
Just because of that that a like winter. A lot os clothing and big jackets. Summer clothes with my under arms problem its not funny.
Something that helps me is wiping away sweat with a paper towel vs cloth. Rubbing a cloth across your face keeps you hot and a paper towel keeps you cooler. Try it!
thank you for talking about this!!! my underarms and hands are always sweaty. what kind of Dr can you get them meds for it from? I need them so bad
Very helpful tips. For me the older I get the worst it gets. I sweet between my legs. Powder helps for few hours. I am at the point of bringing two underwear to work. At some point I thought I had tuberculosis but I dont. I read that using panty liners will just make the sweeting worst. I never thought about medical way to solve that issue but now ....
Adhydrol Forte stops the sweating it blocks pores and the morning after you apply it dry as a bone i wouldn’t even sweat after running. TRY IT!!
CERTAIN DRY, folks! Buy it at Amazon or Target
I have that on my hands at least you don't shake hands with your armpits
Omg thank you so much, I was literally just diagnosed with this a month ago, was like tf?! But thank you so much for this video 😊😍
I thought it was just me all these years. I can literally go back to my high school pics and I have pics where my underarms were soaking wet and this is during the winter time 😩 I asked my mom if she has this issue and she was like no so idk who I inherited this from. It’s totally embarrassing and it does stain my clothes 😒 thanks for the tips though at least I know I’m not alone
Wooowww thanks so much for getting out of your comfort zone! This is going to be a gaming changer 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
I wanna thank you Jackie for this vid because I've been struggling with this since middle school. nothing like sweating in the club from dancing or sweating under my winter coat by just walking
Washing your under arm with lime really helps with the smell too.
Am 25&I sweat like a waterfall esp by my armpits&it aint getting better since puberty.Winter,summer,no difference..So stresses me up esp when am supposed to go on a date with a guy,anxiety kicks in behold the fountain like WTH,a disaster😭😭😭😭😭😭
Crystal roll on deodorant dipped in baking soda....haven't sweated like a thief for years
Jackie I have it, too. Was bullied mercilessly. It stopped at 18. I use the prescription antiperspirant by Secret every couple of days, does wonders.
I have it too 😣 It's the worst!!! But for my underarm sweaters..Please try Miracle Dry if you haven't already! It's amazing if you're consistent 😊
Omg I can relate so much to this. I also got it from my mom. Thanks for making this video!
I have the same thing and I'm natural because I have eczema and really bad sensitive skin so I have to wear natural deodorant and when I do I always put baking soda under my arms it never fells. When I no I am going to have a sweaty day I lather with the baking soda because sometimes I have to let my body breath from products and baking soda is my holy grail! I'm 23 and my mom is like girl just put out your own products and stop tryin to be extra and cause a break out trying products lol!
I love you Jackie!! Thank you for sharing this!! You will help so much people!!
Oh my gosh Jackie I love you!! I was just diagnosed with hyperhidrosis on yesterday. I was prescribed the Drysol by my dermatologist. I couldn't wear long sleeves because I 💦 so bad, and not in specific areas either. My WHOLE body sweats! Thank you so much for your videos @jackieaina
I think I have this, but just in my hands. They are ALWAYS clammy and I cant hold anyones hand without sweating all over their hand... its so fucking annoying.
What r u wearing on your lips it looks so good❤️❤️🌸
I suffer from this,  I sweat everywhere 👀😕 pits, hands, feet, crotch, face everywhere 😌
Smelling like Activity😩😩 😩 I have  the condition too, I dealt with it since Junior H.S., it was soooo bad 😣and I use to put paper towel under my arms underneath my shirt. And I own Nothing WHITE!!
I wish you still posted bible verses at the beginning I always loved that about your videos 😩
sweat is not what stinks!!!!! its the bacteria feeding on it, antiperspirant is gonna clog your sweat glands and that can cause you to get an infection. you need to use antibacterial deodorant if you wanna get rid of the smell
I don't know if I have hyperhidrosis because I only sweat during school, but a couple months ago I started using hypercare, and it conpeletely stopped my excessive sweating ! Now I wear normal shirts without having to worry about a sweat stain
MOOD I literally started sweating so fucking much this year and I have no idea why it like I haven't done this ever like I go to sleep with three fans on and I wake up covered in sweat and I'm like oh well I guess I'll have to take my fifth shower today
Ahhhh musty Matilda !!!!! Hahaha love it! Maybe I have it too cuz I can shower and by the time I finish our 1st worship set, I smell like a pack a monkeys!!  Haha thank u!:)
Lol so that's what's happening to me
Whyyyy didn't I know the name of this in highschool 😫 my life
Funny because I sweat extra hard under my arms too and do the Botox too and like the amount of Botox needed to get all those sweat glands I have is crazy even to the doctor. But coincidentally I don't sweat in my face either and I'm black as well. So it may be something to do with our hormones as my mom suffers the same issues as well.
I didn't knew that I had hyperhidrosis untill now...WTF THANK YOU SO MUCH JACKIE ♥♥♥♥
Lol i use to walk around w paper towels under my armpits😂😂
Thank you so much for sharing Jackie!! I've struggled with hyperhidrosis for years and it's nice hearing tips and being able to relate to someone else who deals with it.
I just love you. You're so encouraging, inspiring and real! I have this issue tooooo!!!
Thanks for sharing your story, Jackie. ❤️
Yes. Never knew others struggled with this also. I have underarm and other areas that sweat more than others. Sweating doesn’t cause the odor, the bacteria does. I apply tea tree oil about every two weeks to kill the bacteria.
I don't know what I have but I sweat so much.... Like too much my test papers shrivel up, I wear black that's it I can't wear anything else cause I'm so scared of sweat. I'm always cold tho so idk what the problem is.... Does anyone feel the same or am I alone??
GIRL. ok i know you don't like the liquid antiperspirants and i was totally right there with you but try MITCHUM. it takes some getting used to since its a gel but it dries pretty quickly and you put it on before going to sleep to let it activate and it's supposed to work through the next day too (even if you shower apparently) but i use it at night and in the morning and it works WONDERS. and no white marks!! i'm tellin you it's god's gift to girls like us!!!! and for bonus points there's no animal testing or ingredients!
girl, this channel...i just love more and more this girl. my problem is also on my underarms, they feel wet no matter how cold is outside (i live in central europe) and you don't wanna know during summer. when i say wet, they are freaking wet :|
Okay, I have one question... How do you know when you've got hyperhydrosis? I've always thought that armpit sweat/face sweat was normal. For reference, I live in a notoriously humid country (Singapore), and I do get a sweat stache' often and sometimes under eye sweat, in situations when i do sweat. And sweat everywhere else on my body too cos... It's hot here, ok?! Haha. In fact, I actually find it weird when some of my friends DON'T sweat LOL.
SAME I tried everything then I LEARNED about sweat. AFTER I waxed my armpits. Hair ANY amount holds germs and odor. Waxing helped SO Much. THEN EXFOLIATE. Every other day. I was constantly using deodorant to hide the smell and even after showering Id still feel residue from the deodorant. Over time dead skin cells and it lead to more odor, the clogged pores in your armpits SWEAT MORE to breathe so to speak.. Exfoliating changed my Armpit Life. Odor is caused from bacteria Waxing, and exfoliating removes dead skin and hair which all contains odor causing bacteria. Daily when I get out the shower I dry my armpits and wipe them with rubbing alcohol. Kills whatever odor causing bacteria there is and help your armpits to dry. I also clean my deodorant with alcohol before each use. These steps have changed EVERYTHING. For me i feel so much fresher and confident. I use LESS deodorant and I haven't STUNK like Musty Mildred since I switched to this pattern of cleaning my armpits. I hope this helps anyone who needs it.
Me too!! My face sweats at the drop of a hat!! Its the most embarrassing thing because people especially my female friends who don't understand how this drives me crazy.
I feel like everyone suffered from this in middle school
I use Dricolor it works magic and it's at target for like 6$
I have this too but I don't have a smell problem, I think the products I use just stick throughout anything but I sweat too much and I hate to be be with wet clothes all the time but they just won't stay dry cause I sweat all the time, even in cold ass winter! I've read that when you sweat a lot it can actually cause bacteria to be unable to reproduce so fast cause you're kinda sweating it away, while strong smells can be caused by hormones and I don't think my sweating has to do with it cause I never had a smell problem or my sweat to decrease after puberty is over.
Palmar/plantar hyperhidrosis here....super awkward having clammy hands and feet all the time.
Use summer's eve to wash underarms to get rid of musty smell. It seems to work well for removing BO
I love you jackie!! Literally gone through my entire life thinking something's wrong with me and totally embarrased about it. I don't smell, but almost always a sweaty mess, going out to the club is pretty daunting for me. but wait what-it has a name-other people have it too-you got tips too!!!I Thanks for the video
This was brave of you. The story about what girls said to you in grade school made me want to give you a hug :(   A great life is the best revenge!
I’ve totally had this problem for idk how long. I still have it. You mentioned thinking about sweating. I will psych myself out when I wear light colored clothes because I just know I’m gonna sweat heavily in them which is why my closet mainly consists of black. If I do wear light colored shirts I fold a paper towel and put in under my armpits. (My friend used to sew the paper towels in her shirt) but the panty liner hack is awesome as well. Thanks for being so candid about topics like this because as a woman it’s not easy to admit you deal with things like this. The world is so unapologetically judgmental that even the most natural things get criticized.
Thinking about sweating and sweating more is so true!! I use the Degree motion sense shower clean. It helps with the sweat a lil but the scent of the deodorant stayssss all day ! That’s what I like about it.
@JackieAina I love you so much for this video. 🙌🏾🙏🏿❤ As a heavy sweater 😂 (insert 🎄 sweater) I've always been embarrassed about it but at the same time like what do y'all expect by now?! C'mon, I sweat. In highschool I went to the dermatologist and got some deodorant that I could only use at night 1,2 days after shaving and it literally would burn up my sweat glands, so I wouldn't perspire under my arms. After a few uses, I started sweating from my hands and feet because let's face it, I'm a heavy sweater. Now that I'm older, I also wear a lot of cotton, open breathable armed shirts, and eat a more balanced diet. I won't lie though, sometimes I shower with half a lemon with honey topped with (I alternate between Epsom salt and sugar) it seems to have helped as well as using all natural deodorants that ARE NOT anti perspirant. Lol, sue me.\nThanks again for even being REAL like you are to have such an honest conversation about overactive sweat glands. 😂😂😂😭😢🙌🏾
Thank you for being transparent.
What's it called anti???
YES! I suffer from the exact same thing, this was needed.
I have it too. I noticed now that I don't do sports I sweat a lot less as a whole. And for me I sweat a lot more when I'm in public which is so annoying cause I don't sweat at all at home. I haven't used any prescription options but I have used that secret antiperspirant specifically for excessive sweat and it did not work for me . I have heard though of hyper care solution which is good for hyperhyrosis and can even cure the excessive sweating permanently
I get really sweaty hands. Alll thhe timmeee. When i went to the nail salon SHE PUT MY HAND UP TO THE LITTLE FAN ON THE TABLE. I know ur talking about me in ching chong language.
This is so brave of you 💜💜
Ugh JACKIE THANK YOU 🙏 I'm 12 years old and I've had this forEVER this video helped greatly just even knowing that someone else has it is aMAZING✨ and the fact that there's a name for it to ugh 😥Jackie girl thank you some of the best advice ever and my mama gives me tips to but she don't got it 😂✨💕
I sweat on my face, in my hair (which I got from my grandma), and my back. It's nice to know that I'm not the only one out here looking drenched and sickly after doing 10 mins of activity! Thanks for the video, I love your videos and can't wait to see more!! 😀💓
Drysol stops my sweating, when I am actively using it.
jackie!! where have you been all my life i feel like my whole life is in this video!! i never knew it had a name!
Can you do videos on how you pick the hair colors and install
You don't have to wear a pantie liner, just buy Thompson Tees.
Jackie please come thru with the sweat proof makeup. I sweat like crazy.
Did we have the same mom? 🤔 my mom told me to put cornstarch under my arms too lol and the the she tried it with the natural deodorants 🙄
Dope you partnered with cotton. Keep rising to the top!
Its my palms.. ugh. So embarrassing
Smelling like activity Girllll you aint neva lied. 😩🤦🏽‍♀️😂
:)
Jackie!!! I feel you gurl
YAS QUEEEEEEEN
This video made me sweaty. 😂
I love you sis
Didnt know anti perspirant and deodorant were different . Thanks!
👏  Thank you huntie
“I wear deodorant just like y’all heifas, dang!” 😂😂😂
Thank hoy so much ❤️ LOVE
Huda beauty review 👀
Smelling like activity 😆
Omg I thought I was the only one. But I sweat EVERYWHERE just sitting down in an air conditioned room I start sweating
I sweat in all the awkward places  😩😩😩 (underboob, crotch, face and neck, armpits, feet), I'll be in class and just start sweating! I have social anxiety so whenever I talk to someone I sweat buckets! I sweat through bras!
I'm sweaty too, chest and underarms and I don't like wearing traditional deodorant . It's so toxic annnnd darkens the pits to me. I find honest company lavender deodorant work well. I also find exfoliating gloves combined with dr bronner lavender liquid soap under the pits and all over the body kills the smell and keeps me fresh through the sweat .
GIRL this video is👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽💜💜💜
If brad doesn't come to my funeral then I'm not dying
Thank you Brad for initiating me into the Braddies
That explosive movement is too dangerous Brad. You should be careful next time
Brad hall the type of dude to call in sick for a doctors appointment
Brad, did you take into consideration that the color of the shoes might also effect the comfort of the boost material?
*tattoos Braddie on my arm*
Ohhh yeah babyyy
Can we get a face reveal? Like when your not in character
I can't believe I watched the whole thing...
No Shit... this guy just take sneaker review to another level.
Dat start doe lmfao *Previously*
ultimate cring
Can Brad appear on Complex pls
Show me that leather
Hey everyone!! Look!! It's Brian Kobold!!
Detroit sure has sucked the soul out of this man
This guy uses commas to finish each sentence instead of periods.
Great video...just subscribed ...nice shoes...hope the odor goes away.
Brad can you make a video on how to tie Ultra Boosts laces like Kanye?
Is this show hosted by Sheldon Cooper?
How comfortable is the shoe you wear in the intro??
Review Brah's older brother?  I think so.
Put a belt on bro
I don’t think ultra boosts are worth it
Should i sell my yeezy or keep them.. been thinking for days still not sure. I bought it of a reseller.
Thanks for the video Brad Hall. I am a Nike guy but I think I'm gonna give these Ultra Boost a try. I need to feel that fresh cushioning and hope the comfortability lasts long enough to go for a couple of walks. Thanks again.
Been a braddie since the Oreo 4's review
I'm a Braddie for my daddy.
When are people going to get sick of the nerd gimmick? jesus christ.
Why u speak like this
Intuitive question.  It might be too nuanced for some to ask.  But still, it's a valid question.
Excellent information Brad \nKeep up the good work
wth brad I haven't seen any of your videos from at least the past month in my sub box??
we want to see your fart
Someone yelled at me and told me I looked like a b*tch but I think they meant braddie
Wear a belt. Are you a heathen or something?
I'ved been a braddy since day one
Proud to be a braddie
Actually something I’ve been wondering...
Left hand constantly wants to be in the t rex position 😂😂
Is it possible that your legs weigh differently so it could possibly disrupt the comfort in the shoes
It's an honor to call myself a braddie
Your house's windows are amazing!
i want a pair of ultraboosts but muh wallet
Brad where is your church, I would like to worship you with other Bradies
Wait is this really him
Nice shoe. I just got the grey one today.
Show me that leather
'Let's do some more explosive movements'
I'm a braddie
This is a genuine concern of mine.
Brad the lack of uploads is concerning.. how are you feeling?
braddies squad where you all at.
I'm a Brad Haller !!!!
You should do a video on the adidas GSG 9.2 boots
I’m a braddy
Great video once again brad
If your phone is getting no service...\n\nTry putting shoes and a shirt on it
REAL BRADDIE HOURS WHO TF IS UP?
*_b r a d d i e_*
Ur so boring
Da ting go skrrrattt pop pop pop pop skebede bop bop
Those explosive movements!
Hey undefeated x nike air max 97 review plz
I love baddies or should i say braddies
No belt swag
whaddup braddies
very informative. glad imma #Braddie
Up next: Gazorpazorpfield
Braddiesss
Proud Braddie
is this interdimensional cable?
Artificial intelligence
Show me that leather. #Braddies
That heel walk ! 😬
Braddie 4 life
what a #goodvideo
Braddies unite
Show me that primeknit
im a braddy
Pin me Daddy Brad
Can you do Vans next?
braddies are cool baddies
His chair costs $4000
Braddy Daddy
This is triggering my asmr
This guy makes me sleepy...
Braddie squad where you at?
Thank you again Brad
Just beautiful brad.
You really need to get down to an ENT guy, and have your sinuses sucked out. I have never heard a more nasal voice - and I talk to Australians almost ever day! Seriously, you have a bad sinus issue, which needs to be fixed.
Hey brad ive got a question concering your choice of footwear would u by any chance be pursuaded to wear air jordan 4 KAWS
Hey Brad, Will the shoe be less comfortable if I don't use a shoehorn?
This was actually VERY useful information.
I got so exited i did all of my homework for 10 months.        ...
This was cool and all but i'm really just tryna watch a new episode of show me that leather!
The continental rubber wears out far to fast for a shoe that’s $180. I think I may only get a year with the boost I have.
thanks brad, next time I will buy new pair
1st time watching your vids. Are those Frank Lloyd Wright Tree Of Life stained glass windows behind you? Do you live in a FLW house?!!
Brad, I love you.
My life is pretty shit rn like im losing a lot of my friends and its just really bad, but watching bts and talking to other army cheers me up a lot :-;  💗
Fighting, ARMYs!!! We are no doubt the best fandom in the universe <3
i came here because of knowing brothes/ ask us anything show
i saw my mum streaming DNA in her Spotify account hahahah
There are People who Unlike this Because their are the Only K-pop that got 20 Mil views within 24 hours I hate Them
*Sitting in a classroom*\n*hears people talking about DNA*\n\nMe: My DNA is telling me that you're the one I'm looking for
some people think KPOP is nothing,but for me it is my EVERYTHING.\n\nWHO'S WITH ME 🙋
55 MILLION!! Lets get 60 before tomorrow ends!🔥🔥🔥
i'm not even into kpop but bts is pretty damn good-\ni discovered them a while ago but i can't see myself getting into the army (is that what it's called? let's hope so, i dont want to get killed-)
Are you guys still streaming this? Because I am - I wanna break more records.
55M+ next goal is 100 millions.let's make it.
and once again they slay with the dance moves!!! no other better Kpop group for me in the choreography <3
WE NEED MORE VOTES PLEASE.\n THE VOTING IS VERY EASY..\n\nhttp://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists\n\n1. Click upper right corner drop down to change the page to english (From KO choose EN)\n2. Click login\n3. Login with FB (safe, it only acquires your full name)\n4. Search BTS on the list\n5. VOTE!!
MTV Networks Europe: Get BTS to perform \nat MTV European Music Awards - Sign the Petition! \nhttps://www.change.org/p/mtv-networks-europe-get-bts-to-perform-at-mtv-european-music-awards
ARMYYY!!!!! VOTE ON AAA ONCE PER DAY ITS THE EASIEST THING
BTS DNA MV has a 92K dislike at this moment. I want to thank all the 92K antis for giving our boys extra views. Well appreciated guys. Thank you very much. 😊😊😊
55M now guys!love you bts!stream for our boys army!!!!
From Vietnam with love <3!!!!
PLEASE Go and vote for bts
Lol *KAMIKAZE* YOUNG ONE YEAR THAN *JUNGKOOK* . BTW HE HANDSOME TOO . AND SO CUTE
Kim taetae so very cute.I love you😍😍💑💑
THE BEST SONG EVER
puts out army bomb and does the fanchant* cheering from the other side of the ocean
COME ON PPL WE CAN GET THIS TO 100 M!! LET'S SHOW THEM WHAT ARMY CAN DO!!
I'm going to stream to 26m before the two hour mark
it's #34 on trending now😍
Keep streaming ☺️ and don't forget vote BTS in AAA 👍 ARMY FIGHTING 💪 💪
okay I really like this song but the fact that Keone & Mari did the choreography makes me so happy :')
keep streaming guys 🎉
Sugaaa😍😍😙😙😙😘😘😘❤❤❤
가장 빠른 1 억
steel in here
55M!💜💜
ARMY Fighting
<3
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤💞💞💛💋💛💋💓💓👄💔👄💓👄💓💛💋💋💛💜💋💋💞❤💔💞💔💜💔💛💔💔💜💜💋💜💋💞👄💞👄💜💋💛💋💓💛💋💜💋💞👄💞👄💞👄💜💋💛💋💛💔💛💋💜👄💞👄❤💜💋💛💔💛💛💔💛💋👄💜👄💞❤💋💞💋💛💔💛💔💛💔💜💋💋❤👄❤💜💔💛💔💛
I love you BTS:3
KEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP STREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG AAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDD VOOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE BTS OOOOOONNNNNN AAA
yêu yêuuuuu
55M ??
❤
솔까 방탄 별로 ㅇㅈ? ㅇㅈ
Still here
#DNA100M IN 20 DAYS 👌🎊 A.R.M.T FIGHTING 💪👑
DNA <♡
I Live BTS
55M 👏👏👏👏\nARMY fighting ❤❤❤
Keep streamiiiiing and vote BTS in AAA!
Fighting
yessss
와
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
واو 😍
Trash
뮤비스밍도잊지마여ㅠ
Still streaming from day 1...pls vote BTS in AAA...they are losing now...pls voteee...💪💪💪
I know they are cute... But here they are looking... Awesome..!!
got interested in this group
Well done Brother!!😆😘😘 you all done very great😆😘👑
ARMYS VOTE FOR BTS  LOG IN WITH FB OR NAVER IT'S VERY EASY IT WILL TAKE U ONLY 1 MIN PLEASE\nhttp://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists
*Peeper billboard uploaded the last photo of BTS the voting end in less than 7 hours so please send your feeds you can create more accounts*
Jimin looks like harley quinn for some reason
I love v bts. He is cool
*When they ask me about my goals:*\n\n*_I learned to whistle as Jungkook is what matters_*
_Still get equally excited when I hear this and I'm streaming hard for a week_
Is this so good? \nI'm not sure if this is so good.\nI think whistling and guitar melody is good.\nI don't dislike BTS. I like 2,3 songs of BTS.
THEY SAID THEY WANT TO BE IN THE BB HOT 100\n*WE CAN DO THIS, EVERYONE OF US PLEASE HELP STREAM ARMYS*
We're super close to 60M views omg guys keep streaming lets do this for our beloved bts 💜💜💜💜💜
Even with all the haters....BTS album is rocking at #7 in top 200..so haters BACK OFF
I want it this love i want it real love 💙 \nSuga 😭 ❤
Yoongiiii why so sassyyyyyyyy
wow the ads from china armys 😍
55.1m
m/v just perfect ♥
* Sees Jimin * \nFan girls instantly 😂
Next goal:60Mio💜
Day 6😍😘55million👑👑great job A.R.M.Y's👏👏👏👏
Que se fumo ibig hit JAJAJA 😂😂😂👌
This song is a banger~~~ #ARMY <3 <3
i love bts
❤️❤️❤️
BTS I Love You 💗💗💗
I LOOOVE YOUUU!
Go go BTS!!!!!!!
Các bạn Việt Nam cho tôi thấy cánh tay của các bạn nào :)
احبكم يابانقتاااان ونحن العرب جميعنا معكم لاننا فانز ارميز ونعشقكم فاااييتينغ😍😘❤\nBtsعشق جنوني 😢😢😢
٩٢ الف على شنو جان خليتوهم ل اغاني فرقتكم الخايسة سبيستون زمانكم😂\nBTS👑👑👑👑🔥🔥🔥
Army don't forget to vote BTS AAA Asia Artist Awards
Keep liking this video guys! There's a chance this song might debut as #1 for K-Ville's Most Liked Music Videos of 2017 chart!\n\n*DIFFERENCE IN LIKES*\nSpring Day: 19,009\nNot Today: 84,476
Gay level at Max. \nI blow dudes now
GO GO GO ARMYS streaming streaming 60M 60M
Is that V???? 😯😯😯\n                            👇\n                       😨😨😨\n                             👇\n                        😱😱😱
Overrated live looking dolls. I dont understand the obsession
This is damn good
TELL UR FRIENDS TO WATCH THIS MV TOOOOO
http://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists/1702 VOTE PLS GUYS WE ARE CURRENTLY NO.1 AND WE MUST STAY AT NO.1 IT'LL JUST TAKE A FEW SECOND FOR U TO VOTE SO PLS ARMY 💕
why your so hot Rapmon😍😍😍
STREAM FOR 100 MILLION IN THE FIRST WEEK YALL
sampah
방탄은 사람아님\n나도 사람아님\n\n\n\n\n방탄은 신임\n나는 돼지임
Links from this episode below! 👇 YOU CHOOSE the design I'll make in an upcoming episode - vote here! --- http://craftsy.me/2xclDDA\n\nGrab this chocolate carrot cake recipe --- http://craftsy.me/2fw0cWo\n\nGrab this cream cheese frosting recipe --- http://craftsy.me/2hbwUjt\n\nCheck out my steampunk molds on the episode roundup --- http://craftsy.me/2w44KJU\n\nRead up on what the crew is excited about for this season of Man About Cake --- http://craftsy.me/2wq6gu6
I think it is more like a hugo cabret cake
You shoould collab with yollanda from how to cake it both of you are talented
Can you do a holmes inspired cake
My 5 year old said he likes hiding chips, so we can call him Chip from now on!
'While your down there tell us guys what you want to see ?! WHAT!? Thought it's about cakes 😲😉😂
One of my favourite descriptions of steampunk is old times power with new time items like a Lazer gun with magnifying glasses on the back so it's focuses the sun or something along those lines.
Make a Disney beauty and the beast cake
I would really like another Man cake or a Healthy Cake with healthy substitutions
howtocakeit you guys need to do collab!!!!!!!
This cake looks amazing!
Pls collab with Rosanna pansino
This cake looks fucking amazing....annndd...my 4 yr old just asked me to make it for her next birthday. Thanks. Dude. Hahaha
Can you do a video where you have one of your camera men try to make a cake just by you explaining it to the? would be pretty funny.
You are so good with the cake. Well done
You should do a meet the crew video
You should do a colab with Yolanda from how to cake it
make a cake with lots of Disney characters on it
It’s like Yo’s the Queen of cakes and you’re the King.
Can you make the kardashian birthday cake
I'm dying to see a Labyrinth themed cake!  My favorite movie of all time.
By Far the BEST stea\nm punk cake on YouTube!!!
I feel like I’m cheating on Yolanda
I would love to see a Montana theme! Maybe you could do a few states!
The only thing I dislike about this cake is the fact that the clocks both show different times.
Love love love!!!!! My favorite cake of yours!! And I want those clock molds so bad!!
Why does the cake rise only on the sides?
JJR - In a previous episode, i thought you said cream cheese melts fondant and therfore shouldnt be used as a crumb coat. But for the steam punk cake, which was awesome, you used cream cheese buttercream. Am i just making this up, or missing something, or both?
This cake is so cool looking. I agree when Nikita Holmes says to make an Alice in Wonderland cake.
You should do a collaboration with How To Cake It... I think you guys would be awesome!! Love your videos btw!! :)
Can you collaborate with Yolanda from How to Cake it??? Pleeease
Love it!!!! I have a obsession with clocks!
I think the crew members need to be in a video helping  him... :D
Can you make video games cake
I swear you're just a male version of Yolanda
WOOOOOAAAAHHHH! MONA LISA! YOU'RE GUARANTEED TO RUN THIS TOWN! WOOOOAAAAHH! MONA LISA! I'D PAY TO SEE YOU FROWWWWNN!
I love the bonsai tree cake!
Pleaseee do a collab with Yo from How To Cake It
please collaborate with HOW TO CAKE IT!!
Why can't you be original, this show is just like <How to cake it> not good!
Plzzz collab with how to cake it ❤ i love both your chanels so much
Omg! This is the mother of the cakes! It's beautiful just like everything you make ! But this!!!! This is raw!!
This video was amazing!\nSincerely,\nA new sub
This cake is ridiculously fabulous! As a former steampunker, I approve! Would you do a 12 tall Tardis cake?
Please do a collab with 'How to cake it' :)
I 💜 this! This might be my new fave  @manaboutcake
Please, you should collaborate with 'how to cake it'!!!! You two make the most amazing cakes!! :)
Yolanda Game \nHow to Cake it
You should totally find a way to be on the show cupcake wars, I know that cakes are your thing but u could be amazing on it!! You could definitely win with your wonderful cake ideas!!
YAY I MISSED YOU and your deliciousness. Oh and your cakes. 
YOOO I LOVE CHIPS TOO NEVER BE ASHAMED CHIPS ARE THE BEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They are all pretty good, I wanna see all of them.
Omgoodness! I made your chocolate carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting for a coworker's bday and it turned out FANTASTIC!! I only wound up using half the frosting for the cake, tho. The other half I slowly ate with a spoon over the course of the next month. It was delicious and amazing. I would also love if at some point you did a whimsy cake!
first video ive ever seen by them and im subbing already welp
I realized something\n\n\nWouldn't Brandon and Jocelyn(from how to cake it)  get along
Brandon is the Jason of Man About Cake #GTLive
Lol I love the way he expressed punk
It'd be epic if you could do a collab with Yolanda (how to cake it). Also, here's a vote for a mad hatter/garden tea party cake. ❤️
Kind of Hopeing the bonsai tree cake wins. Mainly because A.) It could be a Green tea or different flavored tea cake, B.) The trees bushes could be lightly dusted in different colors so it can look seasonal and such, and C.)I really wanna see the out come of hat it will look like :D
I love that he eats his crumbs
This cake is amazing. My son asked me to comment for him and request a super hero cake. Really enjoy your channel.
A REPEATED SHIRT!!!! Is it me or has their shirts never been repeated before.... until now😂😂😂
Have you ever thought to do a collaboration with how to cake it?
can you plz make a kraken?? L🖤VE ur vids btw! i love cake (lol) and this is the first vid ive seen of yours and its absolutely magical how you let ur imagination flow but still keep that element of realism! 🖤 gonna go watch all your other vids now! KEEP UP THE DOPE VIDS
Looking for modeling chocolate recipe, please share...
Must've been time consuming to make
Can you make a harry potter cake!!!!!\nLike if you agree
Who remembers his food network days omg thats how i discovered you, my fave decorator ever!!
if you haven't already, you should collaborate with Yolanda Gampp on how to cake it
Super super super ammmazing... Never seen anything like this before..... Hats off JJR
Make a video with Yolanda from how to cake it please!!!!!!!!
Where can I find u cake recipes
I was so excited to stumble across your channel... until I realised that you're videos seem to totally be copying Yolandas (how to cake it) 🙁
Peoples asking him to collaborate with Yolanda, try to think about them and take a moment to look at their technique.. Sorry to say that but Yolanda is definitively more professional and meticulous and like using rules and measurement...\nI love him too, but it's like telling to Leonardo Da Vinci to work with Picasso.. I love both of them but they don't belong in the same god damn univers.\nI think both of them would not enjoy it at all...
Increíble felicidades
*ahem*........ HOW.....
autumn theme cake please !!!!
this is amazing !
😍😘
make something the kingsman themed!
Can you make like fandom cake?
WOW that cake looks AMAZING!
do moana MOAAAANAAAAAAAAA
😍❤ Genio!!!!!
This cake is insane! Wow!!!
something anime related!!!!
Halloween themed cake!!!
Ijustin
I missed you guys!
bonsai cake pls!!!
Collab w\ Rosanna pansino plz I already reminded her
Amazing cake and amazin man show 👍👍👍👍
awesome... like always
Love it!
That is the COOLEST CAKE EVERRRR!!!!! 😎
pennywise 2017 👌👌
Oml your amazing
Hell yeahhh more video pliizzzzz
Il love  steampunk
واااااااو  waaaaaaaaaaaaw
На учениях «Запад-2017» на полигоне в Ленобласти боевой вертолет попал ракетами по зрителям  The K52 helicopter shoots on the civilians during the military exercise because of the malfunction
Go watch some helicopters they said\nIt will be fun they said
A Russian military helicopter accidentally fires on parked cars and journalists during a military exercise.
“Mission failed, we’ll get em’ next time”
in mother russia, missile shoot itself!
Description has English translation.
Did I see someone die?? I need a translation!!
When mom tells you to wait in the car
Did dat guy survive?? It was brutal
How it feels to chew 5gum\n\n0:13\n\n5gum, stimulate your senses
They probably thought he was gay
was the pilot aiming for Poutine?
Not one person (that I saw on this post) asked if that poor bastard survived the missile blast?!?
But were the Trucks OK?????????
Just a heads up, don't load the guns if your just doing an air show....
i hope the guy is okay i watched it in slow mo and he did not seem to get hit.
So are we going to conclude that guy walking is dead ? Or
They’re doing a military exercise in a civilian area with live weapons? What the fuck is wrong with them? \n\nI’ll leave this here for people trying to explain it:(Obviously they’d need real weapons in a real scenario with civilians around, but come on)
wow, trying to kill their counterparts. Smh
When you don't have a buzzard
(((Homosexuality is an abomination before a Holy God. If they dont repent and stop doing this sinful act they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Are they going to be lovers of their flesh more then lovers of their God/Creator??? And here is the scriptural Proff in the scriptures)))...  \nThen the Lord said, The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is so great and their sins so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as bad as the outcry that has reached me, if not, I will know. (Genesis 18:20-21). Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom-Both young and old-surrounded the house. They called to lot, Where are the men, (Two Angels), who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them. (Genesis 19:4-5). Get out of our way, They replied. And they said, This fellow, (Angels), came here as alien, and now they want to play the judge we'll treat you worse than them.  They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door. But the men/Angels inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door. Then the Men/Angels struck the men who were at the door of the house young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door. (Genesis 19:9-11). The Angels said to Lot, Get your relatives out of here, Because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it. (Genesis 19:12-13).\n\nDo not lie with a man as one lies with a women; it is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22). If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have committed an abomination. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:13). A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for all that do so are an abomination unto the Lord thy God. (Deuteronomy 22:5). There were even Sodomites in the land; The people engaged in all the abomination practices of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites. (1 Kings 14:24).\n\n Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, as his father David had done. He expelled the Sodomites from the land and got rid of all the idols his fathers had made. (1 Kings 15:11-12). He rid the land of the rest of the Sodomites who remained there even after the reign of his father Asa. (1 Kings 22:46). He also tore down the quarters of the Sodomites that were by the house of the Lord and where women did weaving for Asherah. (2 Kings 23:7). No one who has been emasculated/castrated by cutting or crushing the male sex organ may enter the assembly of the Lord. (Deuteronomy 23:1).\n\nGod gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. (Romans 1:26-27). (Homosexual/Sodomite sympathizers), although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things, but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:32). Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the fornicators, nor idolaters nor adulterers nor Homosexual/Effeminate/Sodomites nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11). That the law is not made for a righteous person, but for the lawless and insubordinate, for the ungodly and for sinners, for the unholy and profane, for murders of fathers and mothers, for manslayers, for fornicators, for Sodomites, for kidnappers, for liars, for perjurers, and if there is any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine. ( 1 Timothy 1:9-10). Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to fornication and going after strange flesh, (Homosexual/Sodomites). They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire. (Jude 7). Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers in the world, to abstain from fleshly desires, which war against your souls. (1 Peter 2:11).\n\n Everyone that is Proud in heart is an Abomination to the Lord: though they join forces, none will go unpunished. (Proverbs 16:5). Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. (Proverbs 16:18). To fear the Lord is to hate evil; I hate pride and arrogance, evil behavior and perverse speech. (Proverbs 8:13). He (God) beholdeth all high things: He (Satan) is a king over all the children of pride. (Job 41:34). God opposed the Proud but gives grace to the humble. (James 4:6).\n\nThe look on their faces testifies against them; they parade their sin like Sodom; they do not hide it, Woe to them! They have brought disaster upon themselves. (Isaiah 3:9). God is just: He will pay back to those who trouble you, and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when The Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful Angel punishing those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out of the presence of the Lord. (2 Thessalonians 1:7-9). Call on to Jesus for forgiveness and He will set you free and be your God. Jesus said: Unless you are born again, (With the Holy spirit), you cannot enter the Kingdom of God. (John 3:3).\n\nJesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Parish. (Luke 13:3). Don't you know that you yourself are Gods temple and that God spirit lives in you? If anyone destroys God's temple, God will destroy them; For Gods temple is sacred, and you are that temple. (1 Corinthians 3:16-17). So if the Sodomite commit, or anyone by that matter commit suicide and not repent of their sins. Jesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Perish. (Luke 13:3).\n\nThey will be cast into outer darkness. Where there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and the fire is never quenched. Jesus said in, (Luke 13:28), (Matthew 13:42), (Matthew 25:29-30), (Matthew 8:12), (Matthew 22:13), (Mark 9:48).\n\nSee Jesus always talked about Hell, but people never wanted to talk or hear about it. Always love love love. But people are going to find out about Gods wrath the hard way if they keep going to these false ministers and living in Sin.\n\nJesus said: Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the son of man. (Luke 6:22). Jesus said: Woe to you when all men speak well of you, for that is how their fathers treated the false Prophets. (Luke 6:26). Jesus said: If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. (John 15:18). Jesus said: If you belong to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world that is why the world hates you. (John 15:19).\n\nAm I now trying to win the approval of men, or of God? Or am I trying to please men? If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ. (Galatians 1:10).\n\nJesus said: the world does not hate you, but It hates me because I testify its works are evil. (John 7:7).\nJesus said: Nevertheless I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, the comforter/Holy spirit will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you, and when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of Judgment: of sin, because they believe not on me. (John 16:7).\n\nTopheth ,(Hell), has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the king (Satan). Its fire pit has been made deep and wide with an abundance of fire and wood; the breath of the Lord, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze. (Isaiah 30:33).  \n\nJesus said: Then he will say to those on his left. Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. (Matthew 25:41).\n\nThis is not a hate speech, this is love speech. Please don't trample on the Blood of Jesus. He wants to save you and set you free. I love each and every one of you, just like Jesus did on the cross for you and me.
Ok I think I got the controls. Wait what does this button do?
I like how this gets on the trending page
So that nigga in front died...
Weak ass missile... Had it been American it would have melted the camera
That's just how you get a ticket in Russia.
Did the guy walking towards the car dead???
YouTube doesn't trend videos that deserve to be trending but trends a video of someone being hurt or potentially killed. That's fucked up
*0:13* when you forget to tell your co pilot to hold your beer.
YouTube turns into Liveleak for one quick video
That car cut him off in traffic earlier in the day?
Tf is wrong with YouTube
First off HO-LY SHIT!!!! Secondly who's the badass who gives zero fucks at 0:22 whos not crawling for his life and taking a leisurely breeze walk?
Malfunction, you mean the Pilot was being a dick.
This happens bc somebody messed with Your Mom, apparently.
Pewdiepie can't say obama is a nigger, Hitler did nothing wrong, or Jews did 9/11 but google actively promotes some guy getting incinerated live on screen.
this is some Just Cause shit .
Well at least Russian CGI is getting better
Scared me to death
the target was the big truck it hit. If you don't want to get hurt, stay away from the target Dumbasses
Scared the fuck out of me I expected a helicopter to land or something.
It is odd to see this video among other entertaining materials. Seems that people are really interested in that. And YouTube doesn’t even try to check the contents!!
And this is trending why? The guy didn't die in the video and they claim it malfunction during training  (though must say how does something like that malfunction)
In Russia, human is target practice
The russian pilot was looking for his vodka bottle, in the helicopter cockpit.
Если не только в стране, а и в армии бардак, то это - п.здец!
За пять дней учений Запад-2017 доблестная и славная военщина Хуйлостана(бывшая Россия) потеряла:\n\n— Командующего Воздушно-десантными войсками (ВДВ) России генерала-полковника Андрея Сердюкова\n\n— заместителя Главкома по воздушно-десантной подготовке генерала-майора Владимира Кочеткова\n\n— помощника главкома ВДВ\n\n— адъютанта главкома ВДВ\n\n—  трех хуйлостанских журналистов-пропагандонов\n\n— отделение из 6 саперов\n\n— корвет класса «Неустрашимый»\n\n— стратегический бомбардировщик Ту-22М3\n\n— учебно-боевой самолёт ЯК-130\n\n— машину управления БЛА комплекса РБ-341В «Леер-3»\n\nЭто только список, который попал в СМИ и подтверждён фото-видео материалами. Сколько там сейчас всего небоевых потерь не знает никто.\n\nЧто сказать???\n\nУчения удались во всю славу величия хуйлостанского(бывшего российского) оружия.
Now that shit is what I call a demostration.
Are you hurt? Try a little harder next time.
Dude in the hoodie was totally banging the pilots wife
American news agency's: Trump blows up Russia with one missile
Never new what the buzz around Russia was seen so many stupid videos from them not being able to drive being pissed drunk embarrassing themselves starting and losing fights, nobody likes your corrupt dumb ass country
Я хочу, чтобы мировая война три
As a true American I can say with utmost certainty that the RUSSIANS ARE BADASSES. RESPECT.
Не бойтесь русских\nмы сами себя поубиваем
おそロシア
haha.chinko
嘘松
Amazing
COCKPIT VIEW: https://twitter.com/WarfareWW/status/910100004035055616
IM SHOOKED
Damn, Russia 😮
Whoops, to much vodka comrades!
Cyka blat
My Vietnam experience...
Well I guess... Oops...
ミサイルってこんなに早いんか…
gta world?
Only in Russia
Damn Russians always fucking shit up
Fuze was flying that helicopter
God damn it jerry.
Oh shit😱😱
Fucking idiot Russians
Is Dafuq Russian for WTF?
Aye....no vodka in helicopter next time commrades...
WTF did i just watch!!!
ouch
Holy fuck
какой же он тупой.....
cyka blyat
Remember... No Russian.
Га га гаsрцтаи
He dead...
To Be Continued
Vodka atack
strange nobody said cyka blyat
god these guys are morons
Half ass Russian pilots.
BLYAT
Quippy Comment
Rekted
That dude turns into lasagna
Haha lol did that fucker magically survive?
that escalated quickly
BLYAT!
おそロシア
Ya had one fuckin job
Aaaaaaaaaand I just shat myself.
Holy shit
Liza: Don’t try this at home!!!\nMe: okay I’ll do it at Starbucks **does it at Starbucks**
Hi Liza I feel kinda stupid about asking this but my birthday is on September 27th (the day before Thursday :) and I was thinking I don't thing you can come down to Oregon just whenever you want but if you end up reading this can you put me in your next video? Sorry.
I swear I almost starting shaking when she brought the power tool near her eye...
You looked so beautiful 😍.p.s. that was my cousin Ryan
I was so scared when the tools were so close to her face
Like this if she looks more nicer and cooler
A girl shouldn't use tools
I legit thought that Liza was gonna hurt herself
this video gave me anxiety
Tip: don't eat while watching Liza's videos... you'll choke from laughing too much
Thumbs up if you believe liza is the most normal human ever
you should say smeksy in a vidio
I thought she was gonna say Auto Zone so I screamed it out and now I'm disappointed because she said construction zone instead
oh, dainty. bahahahahaha\nthis is pretty hard. probably why it's called hardware. i love that liza laughs at her own jokes bc i do, too, bahaha.
2:55 MIC DROP yeah that's my favorite song army where you at
this whole time i was like LIZA NOOOOOO UR EYEBALLS R GONNA COME OUT BE CAREFUL my family thinks i'm insane.
Why does it look better than my makeup that I do with my hands?
It actually doesn’t look that bad
3:04 I had a heart attack
Please can we a freakish cast collab on your channel?❤X
HA! THERE WAS NO AD BEFORE THIS VIDEO!!
She does her makeup better than mine even WITH HARDWARE
This is so funny
she looks better than when i put on makeup regularly
What's up with 4:20
THAT WAS PRETTY GOOD!! 😂😂😂
Lots of views and likes, videos aren't censored. She making money!!!!!
can you react to DNA by BTS plsssssss it's a k-pop band and hope you will like it
Why does it look so good??
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS
Why is she using tools that's fatal
Whats the song right before she said she didnt have lipgloss :)
Saying I have a boyfriend is getting old now, sorry stfu 😂
It took her two hours to make the video. Look in the background on her Mac.
that was pretty funny , corny and cool
The scary\n\n\nThe most scary thing that I saw was somebody not smashing that like button
Can you be funnier again? 😐🙄😅
She inspires me tbh
Wow so perfect without makeup!!💕💕💕🍍🍍🍍
F**k
Liza looks like chiqui
U GOTS NOT EYEBROWS😂😂😂
I love lizza
Not gonna lie. Thumbnail scared me.
Tiny baby Hitler mustaches
That's relley good
Love you liza!!
Liza is cuter than Joey 😜
she actually looks quite decent :O
she stills looks pretty
This gave me so much anxiety
3:32 that screwdriver is all about China.
Honestly girl it's not even that bad but lez be real you always look good 😍
Love you Liza \n\n\n\n\n\n\nHow can she even do makeup with tools \nWhen I can't even put make up with normal tools
Better the I can do
Thankyou for being a you tuber
The eyeliner looks better when you used the nail
0:36 WHATS IN THE BOX
Don't drink and drive
When you run out of footage
She looked worse with the makeup on XD natural beauty goals....
3:59\nits 6:34.\n\n   4:01\nits now \n6:35\n\n4:04\nnow its 6:07\n\nam i the only one who noticed that?
Liza: Please don't do this at home\nMe: *puts down the hammer*
She looked pretty good for putting on makeup with hardware! 😄😄
I'm holding my breath when she start to apply the make up. I'm afraid that the tools can ruin her skin
Liza: oh, dainty \n\nMe: MILES IS THAT YOU
now im not trying to be offensive, which is what someone says right before theyre offensive, but, these do look like... tiny little baby hitler mustaches. Liza Koshy, 2017
Literally took her 2 hours to make this video.. 😂
I got scared when she put the drill next to her eye. 😭😭😭
I was so nervous, I almost thought she was going to rip off her eyebrow or something.... wait nevermind Liza doesn’t have eyebrows to begin with 😂
better than my make over
This doesn't even look bad like honestly sskkiillll
Why does she sound like Nikki from oitnb
She didn't do to bad
That was pretty good
Liza is cuter than Joey\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJust had to get it out there you know
this is the funniest fucking shit i ever saw
Can u maybe try making cleaner humor. Please no hate I was just suggesting it.
We're just gonna squirt that on there. That's what she said. 😂😂 I can't stop laughing
Honestly, IT'S NOT BAD!!! LIKE THIS IF YOU AGREE!
Why did you have to die in escape the night?
MIC DROP \nArmy~~~
Haha
Who else was born on 420 🙋
Liza is crazy in a good way 😌😌😌shes funny
For lizas new backround thingy for liza koshy too she is probably starring down at david
Liza u should make cookies wiv Kristen without hands
*MIC drop*
Video starts at 4:25pm finishes at 6:27pm
HAHAHAHA LOVE OMG
I love this
Actually looks good
😀😀😀😂😂😂
she looks lit
#BRINGBACKJET
i love this
Wtf
any exols here?
What this 4:20 means?
James Charles is shaking😂💕
Let us all take a moment to appreciate the man holding open the lift.
Any body else see that news interview where he was called a poundland Donald Trump
Wtf YouTube trending 1.8k views\n3 comments YouTube doesn't have an agenda Xd
Lmao ambushed??
Oh just leave you idiot you've come to my school and even when I was 7 and didn't know who you were, I was very un-impressed and confused why everybody was fussing over a fake old man.
Lol he has hard nipples
He can't even sort his own collar out...
How is this 17 on trending with only 2k views?
#poundlanddonaldtrump
ok resign..please
May's a fool for keeping him around and he's a fool if he thinks he can be PM.
Boris did nothing wrong. Fuck off, Lefty tossers!
This 2k video doesn't look like something that is trending..... Hmm...
BoJo should be mayor of London still. Fuck sadiq khant
what a fat piece of shit. would love to see him run for prime minister, because he would crash and burn
Boris should be pm he's a right laff
Hmm... All pro boris comments are found at the bottom of the top comments list. How interesting.
Two faced slimy prick , and not just him , all the global elite fucks
Speaks his mind. so what.He can only be critised for the timing of his article
And so the UK wept
I was waiting for him to get punched in the head or get jumped pr pr something 😂
Ahahahgahga the fat piece of shit can't run to save his life \n\n\n\n\nSo why the fuck is he running for PM
Don't you think he looks tired?
Needs a bra doesn't he?
Boris for PM
Very nice
This shit is trending why?
Gibberygobbila...
Leftys, pls go away
New Video About False Masculinity and Marriage! Be Sure To Check It Out And Subscribe For More!!!!! <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K57NzzpLAo
No I want him to be prime minister
UK is cuck3d by liberals
Poor Borris
Boris pissed of the right people fair play to him one of the few conservatives you're allowed to like
I love YOU. But I'm not a fan of your super frequent SPONSORED videos.
at 4:01 I misheard and thought you said a nipple size
You should try the milk makeup stick for blush! I don't like most cream products but I love it!
GREAT t-shirt. That colour is so satisfying!!
i love your hair!!! i need a tutorial
get ingrid to 4 mil subs!
I’m a guy and have been following your vids for over 6 yrs now. Very glad to see you look really happy in the recent uploads. Love you Ingrid! Hello from Taiwan:)
so many of your videos are sponsored unfortunately :(
Simple skincare is now in the Philippines and it is amazing!!! Best makeup remover ever!\nIt totally didnt break me out and I really feel so fresh after. ❤
I love Ingrid so much \nshe is really good at make up\nand had good tips \nI wish she would stop losing subs \n and re hit 4 million subs
i hope it looks less greasy in person
Could you make a vid about your dads artwork? I have seen them in several videos and they are wonderful.
If only my skin was that nice 😭 but I love this video so much!
How many times does she say hydrating'' in this video?
Definitely my favorite hair length on Ingrid!
I thought you liked the Garnier Micellar water but yet you're using the simple one only because they're sponsoring you...
didnt know the greaseball look was popular... that looks like you just got done at the gym girk
Love your videos I also am so happy to see u posting so much always love your videos and love how you always keep it natural and real! ❤️
INGRID! I'd love it if you did an updated makeup collection. It's been so long.
You're so beautiful Ingrid c:
Your natural hair growing is really fast？
Can you recommend a daily sunscreen for girls with oily skin?
I love this look! So naturally pretty! Do you still do that thing where you occasionally check out a new channel on YouTube and then if you like you feature it on your channel? I don't want to be asking for that on everyone's channel, so I picked yours bc I thought I remembered you doing that, if not never mind I'm crazy 😊😘
I always want to like your videos and get so excited, but then you say that they're sponsored  😒 It just feels a lot more inauthentic than your old videos used to be
If you like hydraton you can try out the method layer toner 3-5 layer and pad it with your palm
E a t  m y  a s s
I totally need some good hydrating products because my skin has always been combination/dry, but recently it has been sooooo dry and it's so uncomfortable! Thank you for this!!
Wavy hair tutorial please (: Your hair has the perfect undone look!
Your hair is goals 😍
Hey Ingrid! I loved this video. Having super oily skin acne prone skin, I have always covered up with foundation. It was only until recently that I started putting a small amount of concealer on with some mascara instead, that I suddenly felt more comfortable in my own skin, even with pimples on display. \nHaving grown up with your videos and now at the age of 26, I still have acne and wondered whether you recommended peels etc. to help even out skin tone, reduce large pores and tackle acne scarring?  Any advice would be very much appreciated 💜🦁
I really don’t know where you got the fact that eyebrows should be lighter than your hair, is the first time I hear that o.0 cause all I’ve heard and what actually happens in reality is that eyebrows are usually darker. Alsoooo...  I love going without foundation, So glad you’re not one of those youtubers that paint their faces with super heavy foundations. Refreshing ! <3
you're a radiant individual, ingrid <3
Trying combing through you lashes before curling them, I just started doing this and I can't believe the difference it has made!
Plus the volume of your hair!! thumbs up!!
I also love wearing no foundation! This is one big step forward for me, actually. I have never had a perfect skin, and for that reason, I have always been uncomfortable showing my natural skin out in public. I had always been the girl who reaches for full-coverage foundations. But I have being skipping foundation lately! Even though I still need to get some help from concealers to cover some redress I have on my face, I am so happy and proud of myself for feeling ok without any foundation on!
Is the Simple Water Boost cleanser similar to Glossier Milky Jelly cleanser? I almost picked this Simple cleanser, but I LOVE my milky jelly!
Looking sooooo gorg! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
What shade do you use for the rms concealer?
Heads up, the changes in your eyelashes may be from curling them, mine always did that when I used a curler, I switched to one that doesn't pinch but heats up a little and runs along the lashes, I got it at Sephora. Just a suggestion!
Oily skin is a skin type, dehydration is a skin concern/ your skins condition and it is not a lack of oil,cots a lack of water (hydration). Hope that clears up some of the confusion.
Not moisturizing when you have oily skin can do more damage than people might think. When you don't moisturize, your skin produces EVEN MORE oil. Moisturizing is important! :) I really loved your makeup, Ingrid! (Especially the blush)
would like to know for all cleansers nowadays what their ph level is.
Is there any videos from you that AREN'T sponsored? You've become such a sellout.
Kudos to you for embracing your skin the way it is ✨\nI'm gonna keep packing mine with mattifying products because i'm not there yet 💔
Finally someone on YouTube who doesn't wear foundation!!!!! No foundation is always better!!!!
I wish I could do this but hey ho I have rosacea, so not much I can do without a base, when my face is like five different colours. The green primer has been helping though
So pretty, love the video and makeup look!
OMG can you trade skin with me? It looks so good!!!
Love the simple skincare products\nReally enjoyed the format of this video
I couldn’t find any video like this and then I saw this right now !!
Are you excited for American Beauty Star? I want to hear your thoughts on the new beauty reality tv show!
I don't like how many sponsored videos you do... But I like this one! The partnership seems very authentic and I don't feel scammed in the slightest.
Some of us are ugly, Ingrid.
So natural! How refreshing? I love it!
You are so pretty and inspiring! I love watching your videos and I truly love and look up to you! thank you for all you do!
i'm 35 and i'm doing makeup like this for a 18 years now.. just no  primers ..i have nice and healthy face ........ excellent  video how to show women /girls that trends are garbage
Such a nice look, Ingrid! I wish I am that confident to not wear foundation :)
I really enjoyed this video, my skin has really cleared up with the products I use (I lost the reddish patches, uneven pigmentation, unhealthy pale tone) so I am skipping foundation a lot. Your tips are so helpful - I never thought to use a primer! Thanks for a great video and list of the products. My fiance has used Simple light moisturizer (now with SPF) for years and his skin looks so good. Their bar soap is also great for sensitive skin. We are in England and Simple is a very popular option for face care. Also, I love your hair x
I just do mascara, brows, lips and covering of the underye in my daily makeup routine. But now i might add blush just cus how cute you look with it. Thaanks for the inspo!  Xx
Loove this look!! Always admired how simple your beauty routine is 💕
any small YouTubers want to be friends ?❤️❤️
You are just so naturally gorgeous xxx
You're so simple, natural and beautiful. Kiss from Italy
i can get this without even trying, it's called oily skin
she looks like a grown version of millie bobby brown in the thumbnail
It's beautiful ingrid!
My skin used to be pretty oily, now that I regularly hydrate and moisturize my face, I'm almost never super oily.
Sometimes the reason oily skin occurs is because your skin isn’t getting enough moisture so it over produces oil to compensate
This video gives me flashbacks from like 2011 when I started watching you! Love it
First YouTuber I ever subscribed to, still my favorite. I remember when I first signed up for youtube, which I didn't even know you could do before then, and I saw a video of Ingrid' s back when she was miss glamorazzi and subscribed immediately. It was like a tv show for me, I knew what days she uploaded and I watched the video the day it aired.
I think to people who understand the concept of creating glow with makeup will get it, all the rest will just think your face is greasy looking, sorry, how I see it.......
haha when you said nickel sized I thought you said nipple sized
hi Ingrid! Please post the recorded livestream that you're gonna do today on your channel after you are done with the live session. you haven't been posting your livestream on your channel lately and I would love it if you'd do that because I live In a different time zone and always miss your lives!
Sponsored. Blah
Your skin looks beautiful!
The thumbnail is gorgeous ❤️😍😍
love this!!
❤️❤️❤️
Your videos make me calm. 😌
Oily but also dry skin squad! 👋  😄
What happened to Bare Minerals??????
Amazing 😍
LOL these intros
step 1: have perfect skin
omg so beautiful date me ahahah<3
Looks GREAT!!!!
IN LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Her face just looks oily.
This is beautiful!!!! ✨
Ingrid!! Plz update ur hair routine...
So gorgeous 💗
Beautiful! ☺️
hi Ingrid ! You're so beautiful ! bises ;)
Sweaty mess ewww😷
So pretty Ingrid!
it just looks like a big oily lump face. Only high end products are used nowadays which not everybody can use.
I wanna run to you with a oil absorbing tissue and press it all over your face during the whole video 😂😂😂 I can't stand with this look. OMG. 😂 I'm oily AF😥
i also did a skincare video on my channel. it was inspired by watching your videos! i started to care about my skin recently as it's better to care for your skin at a young age. 😊 PLEASE WATCH MY VIDEO AND LEAVE COMMENTS :)\nLOVE YOU INGRID!!
While you're doing it, it looks quite nice, but at the end, maybe it's just the lighting, it looks just very greasy, or as if your moisturizer is still sitting on the skin. I love glowing natural looks, but that was a bit over the top for me.
Guys, im from mexico, we just had another earthquake and the losses are huge. If you can please donate to: \nPaypal: donativos@brigada-rescate-topos.org topos.mx https://t.co/3bVhOqXRYe\n\nEven the smallest donation makes a difference. Thank you so much.
Jesus, can everyone relax about that guy? I get that nobody asked for his opinion and that Sammi wasn't checking her reflection or worrying about her looks, but maybe he just tried to be nice, that's all. Sometimes I feel like people aren't being feminist anymore but downright misandrous.
Indy's face with the caption Pub lunch Terrible service at 2:08 made my day lol😂
I've had plants for 40 plus years. You need to buy pots with drainage holes to prevent root rot. Get some landscape fabric and cut out to fit at bottom of pot to prevent dirt from escaping. Also buy saucers to put your pots on to collect water run off. There's a really good YouTube channel called Garden Answer and you'll learn so much from Laura. From outside plants to indoor as well as succulents. I think you'll Really enjoy her channel. Best of Luck! Oh and Indie is scrumptious!
I miss Jason's cooking videos!!!
love anthropology!!!
He saw you looking at yourself and probably thought he was being kind putting your mind at rest. Yes I would of been embarrassed if he said it to me but I really don't think it deserves so much hate. I don't know, difference of opinions I guess.
Saaaaaammm, I'm OBSESSED with those earrings! Soooo nice!  And that red lip is everything, especially the particular red you chose matches your skin beautifully. This was a great vlog, and of course, so happy I got my little Indie fix! LOL. Oh, and as an aside: The font writing is too white, and too small; could barely read it.
Take a sip of water every time Sam says pots\n\nStay hydrated!!!
Sam, firstly, can I squish Indy (without hurting her!) bc she’s THAT ADORABLE!!! How can a child be THAT cute?!! I LOVE her!! Also, I know curly hair can be a B and so can London weather, but here’s a tip (I do h&M in fashion & adv, and, I have curly hair!) if you take a few sections around your face, front hairline....and time permitting, scatter a few more pieces here and there..there’s a quick easy way to have it feel more polished (but still wild!). That is, take a smaller iron,  1/2 - 3/4 inch, to match your curl, more or less, and simply smooth out a few pieces-  bang area, front, temple, and a piece or 2 behind the ear (but leave the end out-it’s sexier and will blend well) I shampoo, then diffuse, then curl, and it stays for days-or even when you just want to freshen up the look and not wash it...curl a few pieces! It gives a soft sexy look- I get compliments left and right! You looked HOT regardless (over the lip colour on you!) just wanted to share...in case u were interested! <3
Sam, can you find a spanish hair dresser in your town I'm sure if you go to the spanish community they will do a such a fabulous job and the cost will be right with in budget I promise!!!
What music was used during the cat walk clips?
Where did you buy your phone case from?
I love your hair when it's really curly!
Just an FYI it all you so called feminist. Being a feminist doesn't mean hate for men! Or anything that a men can do a women can do better. It means equality for all! Black, white, Hispanic,  Asian , lgbttq,  disabled, men and women! I dnt when it turned into a man bashing movement .
How do you keep Indie out of your plants? I want to green up my place but I don't want to constantly repot because of little digging hands lol
Sam you look AMAZING! &  also I'm in looooove  with your new bag! xoxo
The amount of random catcalling you catch in your vlogs is - well, I'd like to say it's surprising but it's not haha. Jesus. Old men need to quit it.
Enjoying the vlogs but please for the love of god stop using the super tiny white font in your videos. Some people are watching you on their iPhones and I genuinely want to read what it is you're inserting but I really can't. Pleaaaaase.
Im burning angel food cake candle rn too!!!!! love it
Those pots were really cute! I like hearing about pots and all the homewear you get. I'm 26 and more into styling my home so please continue to share all your home decor tips!
You always make me miss london\nLove you 😘
Great video i need some plants in my home 🌷
*Are you lооking fоr hot dates in your nеighbourhood?*

dXhDtNRYc4Y,\n *Theу hеrе ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=dXhDtNRYc4Y_993357
Loved coming along to fashion week! Loooved the outfit :))
Hey make sure your pots have drainage holes (or place those small plastic pots inside of them) otherwise your plants might drown/die. Especially the succulents!
Have you seen the cute googley eye pot on urban outfitters website? And they have other designs too :)
i have missed your vlogs so much! <3
Love love love your new bag! xxx
Love your new handbag animal print is my fav because you can use it as a neutral and it can go with so many different outfits
this was such good vlog! love seeing more of you + Jason <3
the song at the versus show was 'spliff' by the austrian band bilderbuch- they are so so good!
Sammi: might put my mother in laws tongue in this\nMe, someone with zero knowledge on horticulture: damn wtf she can't be that bad surely
I love plants too
I love your style! You're so confident I love it
I love your phone case where can I buy it! I know it's comme de garçon but where do I get it !!
Please share how you look after a plant... I just killed a cactus 🌵😩
Hi, sorry could is the missing word!  Sorry. ☹️
We are a new family daily vlog channel! Can we please get a shout out to help our channel grow!
Loved this vlog! And you of course!! What song was used during the first fashion show?
Miss Jason in the vlogs, love how real you guys are. I know he is private, but do appreciate his appearances 😀
OMG Indie's face at 2:07, together with the caption reading 'pub lunch. terrible service'. I died. So n'sync.  Haha!
Hi Sam! Just to say that the &OS earring suit you so well, you look so good in them, with that black top and eyeliner... omg gorgeous!! \nloved also your vlog backstage at FW! \nx
Sam, sorry if this has been mentioned already. Pls could you share where indies high chair is from and  whether you find it easy to clean. Thanks!
Your day to day boring (as you quote) life is so relaxing to watch, btw you look amazing in both looks in this vlog
Love that little round pot with the ridges...I think you should keep it...And you sweatty glow looked beautiful.
I really enjoyed this one Sam!! Liked the bits at home planting pots, then feeding Indie, to getting all glam and being at shows. Really showed how diverse most peoples lives are between outside and inside the home :)
You were just killing all the outfits in the video!! 👏🏿 love you Sam😘
You look amazing! I've thought about it every time I've watched one of the videos you've made since you came back from your holiday and now I'm finally writing it 😊 Your new pants with that black shirt and your beautiful hair 😍 Your videos are the only ones on YouTube I watch all of 😅 It just makes me happy... you are so real, living your dream, looking amazing - even when you are not feeling at your best ❤️ and it's a true joy when we get to follow you (almost) every day 😃
As someone who has no clue on plant names... 'my mother in law's tongue' threw me a bit ha ha! Such a great vlog as usual though :)
I LOVE that angel food candle from Anthro! I need to get another one, it smells divine 😍
Samantha Maria, I Loove you! I want to see you someday..
I was worried about you when I heard the another attack in London. Stay safe Sam!!
Love love love the blue jeans you're wearing at the end, I think they look so flattering where are they from?
Where is your black top from (one at end)? Love it x
who else goes to the loo or to make tea when a 36 second ad appears on Sams video lol. okay video see you in a bit.
Love your vlogs so much! I'd really like to see and know jason more but I can also understand if hes uncomfertable
u are an inspiration
Im really getting into plants too! but more terrariums with cactus and succulents they're super easy to maintain. LOVE the pot haul
I just realized how lovely black clothes are on you! 😍 It really suits your skin tone. Could you please consider doing a lookbook featuring mostly black?
Omg I love your outfit 😻 you always look so fly
Your vlogs are really lovely to watch and so relatable. Im not married or have a child, but I feel like I just get you :)
IM IN LOVE WITH THAT BAG WOW!
you are giving me 70's retro vibes with a modern twist....<3
Samantha u r one of the most genuine  n sweetest vlog gers.
Bring the bangs back! You look so good with them! And without but you know what I mean lol
You look so pretty in this vlog. You always look pretty but you're glowing so much... sending love from Trinidad❤️
Yes 😭! I miss vlogs, I've been watching old ones. I feel so calm now thank you girl 💗😌
I am lovvvvvving the dangling earrings on u!! idk how, but they compliment ur eyes!!
I really enjoyed this video, best fashion week that I've seen.
Buy larger pots! They'll die without enough root room - buy one that feels roomy.
totally get it Sammi, big highlight for you. well done for getting to this point. your outfit for LFW was amaze, need those pants :)\nlongtime fan x
Hello from Canada 🇨🇦 xoxo 😘 I love love love ❤️ your look at the end of this video!!! And those earrings!!! Wow! Beautiful:)
Jason eating dry bagels is soo triggering, I used to do that when there's no food in the house 😂😂😂
Hahaha at the beginning I thought you said I'm going to put my mother in law's tongue in 😂
I can't see all those captions on my phone. Please, use the biggest font possible! Lol
yay maje ... the best ever....if your ever in birmingham selfridges do come to ourl concession  we would love to make your shopping experience a memorable one x
The Maje bag is beautiful !
16 £ for one bowl OMG
Yasss Jason!!
I'm really enjoying your      vlogs!
Looking gorgeous! Xx
THAT FIRST UTIFT IS BOMB! SLAY SAMMI!! ❤️
Love your vlogs Sammi! That leopard print bag 😍
Love your lipstick 💄 what colour please
loved your outfiiittt
Loved this vlog, you look amazing. <3
More pots and plants
Realising Jason is liteeerrallly Jon Snow. Their accents are identical!\n#winteriscoming
You look so beautiful!
That maje bag is everything 🔥🔥
You look fabulous Sammy!
It's truly funny to me how up in arms people are over a man telling a woman she looks beautiful...
Maybe people should look at how women are treated in countries like Afghanistan. Then a simple, friendly comment from a man who probably thought he was being nice wouldn't be such a big deal.
That was fun to see the Fashion Week footage; right now Vancouver Fashion Week just started too! (Vancouver BC Canada) My daughter is a model in it, and it's a bit of a family event. Fun. Thanks for the vid, enjoyed it!
I honestly believe that man was just trying to be complimentary. I'm sure his intentions were innocent.
AGH I get SO frustrated when a guy tells you something like Oh, don't worry, you look great without being asked, especially when it's an older man.  I feel like with younger guys, they should know better so I don't feel bad telling them that I don't really care what they think, but I find it so hard with older/elderly men who think they are being nice and don't realize how intrusive they are.  Instead, I'm stuck standing there thanking them for what they think is a compliment.
what does pot mean? i am from austria .P
Shout out to the Vegan activists sabotaging the event due to the all the animal use with skins and furs being used :)
loved the plant and pots bit 🌿👌
Bjork lives in her own world and we, as a civilization, are worse off for not living in it with her.
This is so weird, I kinda like it! lol
If this is new and experimental then why has she done the same thing for the past 4 albums?  If she wants to do something truly innovative then maybe she should try writing a song with a melody.
weirdest sex scene i have ever seen in my life
an energy being of another world trying to wake us up. BEAUTIFUL.
I wonder what this would be like taking psychedelics 😏
Sublime. I have no words ♥
Who needs to go to Peru?\nJust turn the lights off and watch this full screen.
Bjork should represent humanity when the aliens come down to visit us
There is something very nostalgic about this that I can't really put my finger on, I feel like I've heard this before, which is disturbing...
love love love love that dress. whos with me?
Now im pretty sure she's a seelie
i still wonder when does this bad taste notion begin... great song though
This is pretty next level. Awesome Björk
Björk send me a beautiful girl I pray before I die
anyone noticed sex scene at the end?:)
the most amazing thing I've seen in my life\nBjörk, I love you.
I did not think I could admire Bjork more than I ever could. ❤️💜💚❤️
i think she was born on Titan...ill have whatevr shes havng please
Someones had a meeting with dimitri👀
The sound design and visuals are admirable however I really don't like her voice.
How Lovely! My favorite to do in meditation is to dance with our Divine Mother <3 Namaste
Take me whatever alien nation Björk is from and fill me with this kind of energy. Thanks.
Wow!!!!!Bjork, one of the true originals, continuing to explore. Love her!!!
I am going crazy trying to figure out what that flute sound is... Is it a sample from a song? or an actual bird call? It is so familiar...
The time of birthday by sugarcubes is so far ...  shes always good singer
Once again dear Bjork does fantastic visuals.great singer producer since sugarcubes I've loved her.
She's 51 and rocking it ohMYGOD
she has a digusting accent, and voice tone doesn't help either.. i also am not a fan of her music making style.. feels unnatural and forcefully staged
there is another world out there
This is perfect. I love Bjork.
One of the songs on the soundtrack for the film Mother?
There is something different in her voice and I love it!
I dont know why, but this vid reminds me of Protos...
OK I'm pretty sure Bjork is not human. She has to be of a different species. She's too advanced for us with her futuristic and avant garde visions.
WHY AM I CRYING IN THE CLUB RIGHT NOW
im stoned asf and watching this makes me feel like i cant breathe. 11/10
Stunning. Every new song, every video has her heart and soul poured into it. She is an amazing, creative force. Love to you, Bjork.
ah.. i see bjork is back to her usual shenanigans of VIBRATING HIGHER\nmuch love lol
So this is how heaven must be looks
Thumbnail almost gave me a no man's sky feel
oh look ofcourse its a bunch of floating alien vaginas
I have never listened to Bjork before. Only Icelandic musician I've listened to was Sigur Ros, but now... it's changed.\n\nThis was trippy af
Nice visuals and voice but I don't really care for he intentionally weird way of rolling R's and dividing syllables. Meh. More power to her and her fans.
*More than 3 Million views on Facebook and counting.*
Always, always delivers.
that just gave me soul shivers
cuanto arte <3
MY ETERNAL SINGER LOVE BJÖRK...
Great Gate
FF8 ?
Thank fuck for Bjork . . . We need a little sanity in music these days 💋
Beiatifil
that was a trip and a half! Bjork is an amazing artist
Chills and tears. So beautiful, elegent and ahead of our time. ❤
very good
ANOTHER DIMENSION!!
some ideas and symbols already appeared in wanderlust.\nexciting.
Great video. Pity the audio needs more work.
Visional a masterpiece, the music is as always strange  as fuck. The only song I rally did enjoy was All is full of love
I'm kinda still waiting for the song to start...
I love Björk.  She commands extreme focus and attention, and this is further proof of her abilities.  I have a hard time paying attention to lyrics; It usually takes about two years before I start to understand what any singer is saying.  I enjoy the scenery she paints with music and her voice.  This video is hypnotic, strange, and great.  It took a long time for me to actually sit down with her last two albums but that is nothing short of a compliment as I'm sure this new album will have the same effect on myself.  I don't understand this song or the video, but like any true adventure, I will prepare myself with time and wait for the right moment to embark into the unknown.  Where ever she takes you is sure to be strange, haunting, and beautiful.  Nothing but respect for her and her craft.  I'm sure this will all work out fine.
WHO THE FUCK DOWNVOTED THIS?!
Wish I could see this without shitty youtube color compression.
we are living in 2017 and this woman is in fucking 4049
This is better than many films out there
The video is like a computer game - you go one level up each time you go through her heart.
Este vídeo es perfecto, dioss. También lo es el vestido, felicito a Alessandro Michele♡.
Me agrada bjork, pero su estilo ultimamente no me agrada y poco me agrada esta musica, si bien es cierto buena letra, pero mala melodia es muy estresante la melodía, el tal arca quiza sea el culpable de esto, es demaciado de poco agrado a mis amigos tmbn les gustaba cuando les mandaba musicas de bjork pero en esta vez me dijeron que no ps era demaciado raro
Divina sabiduría
What an absolutely treat, thank you Bjork
Plesae never stop being wonderfully weird Bjork.
Bjork playing cubis puzzle game.
Mongolica.
Rrrreunite!
She has successfully installed gentoo.
!!!!
Listening with parrot headphones = EARGASM
EXTATIC !
Simply Beautiful x
Who?
An audiovisual masterpiece
whoa
Boooooooooring
SO. MANY. CHILLS!!!!!!
Maravilloso! 💘
i want a bjork MMO
Bjork sees, few people do.
Lovely
Visionary!
Terry Oldfield 'Between Two Worlds'
Visualmente muy atractivo, la combinación tecnológica de colores holografías es genial, pero quizá lo que se ve mas superpuesto y artificial es la figura masculina. A mi parecer es el único detalle del vídeo que le quita valores estéticos, no se, una disimulación mayor hubiese dado un resultado perfecto. Algo así como in visibilizar un poco mas la aparente solidez de la figura masculina, le hubiese dado mas misticismo y misterio a la figura de Björk.
Acá Bjork recuperando lo que perdió hace algunos años,el alma. Extrañaba a esta mujer.
El principio suena como respiro cuando me da el asma.
clip is good song is crap
Es simplemente sublime e intenso
I swer i live for the effect of this music video, is better than movie with effect lol
Such a shame she's become totally predictable. A cliche of herself. Sad.
I've missed you Bjork.
NOOOOO! At 5:13 she gives the satanic devil sign with her hands! Fuuuck! Noooooo! Satanists do this. I can't believe this shit. Maybe it has another meaning...? Now I'll have to look it up again...
Great. So inspiring
superfruit? :(
Balling my eyes out so sweet
Woo I cried
aw, this is so cute! congrats Tyler 💚
Where is Marcus?
Jenna Marbles???
Where is Miranda!!!
Tyler u hurt my heart
Wow Ten Years Of Tyler Oakley
I discovered you when 5ag started. All the guys are wonderful, but something about you always stood out. You are genuine and articulate and not afraid to talk about things that need to be discussed even if they are touchy or controversial. It does not surprise me at all that you have been, and continue to be, so successful. I've never met you irl but I feel like I've been on this journey with you. You never fail to inspire and encourage. The world could do with another 10,000 of you. Thank you.
I came out to mom video.
I just want to say THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING, YOU ARE MY HERO, IFLY ❤️
His reaction to Joe Sugg made me have to PAUSE the video because I was dying of laughter! \nSame af Tyler, same af.
this video is filled with so much love. I am emotional. Much love xo
Tyler's reaction to Joe Sugg is absolutely perfect because Joe Sugg is beautiful
why am i crying in the club rn
Congrats man! I don't comment enough on your channel, but you're great and when I watch your vids, it makes me want to create more. I won't say Here's to another 10 years but Here's to YOU :)
The second I opened this I laughed
on the slumber party tour i loved when someone yelled troyler and i was getting annoyed but then you yelled shhhhh! haha
congrats on a decade of loveliness! 🌈💙 \n\nps~ but where was miranda or colleen, why wasnt she invited??
I would have liked to have seen some of the other 5AGs reach out. Though, I don't keep up with the gossip, so I don't know how many of them still are in touch with Tyler. Though that's entirely selfish, I admit. Since 5AG was my first experience with him & Korey.
I started BAWLING once Hannah came on 😭
He wrote CASPER instead of CASPAR.... Love you lots Tyler, hope life treats you as good as you deserve
i'm so proud of you Tyler. I have followed you since the 5 awesome gays and your quirky vidoes with your bf in the dorm in Michigan. I have watched you grow up on YT and am happy for all your accomplishments. Congrats boy!
i was waiting for Dan to come on and mention the whisker
it makes me cry to know yt will never be the same again only the og will understand good content not all these diss tracks and hateful crap that are on you tube now a days
His reactions to joe is everything 😂😻💦
Tyler is one of the people in youtube that still makes me smile. When I'm so down and deep in my depression I watch his videos and smile again.\nI ove you so much, Tyler. My favorite memory is definitely discovering your cannel and laughing until there were tears in my eyes.\nBecause I live in Latin America (Perú) I haven't been able to meet you, but I never loose hope. Love you <3
I'M CRYING. UGH TYLER OAKLEY CONGRATULATIONS YOU AMAZING HUMAN BEING
My favorite videos are you and Marcus singing and talking in helium.  I love it and you.  Every now and then I watch this and your drunk collabs with Sawyer
Team internet is so supportive and amazing xx
tyler i remember when you posted a video about how there shouldn't be a national coming out day or even coming out because love is love and FUCK SOCIETY!!!!! #tbt
I was trying so hard to keep it together and then your mom popped up. Ugh I'm so proud of you Tyler!! 😭❤️
Tyler Oakley well now! 10 years younger and your content is great and always a surprise👍🍾I believe my favorite memory's are with you grace mamrie and sweet Hannah and when grace comes up with those game rules nobody wins LolLol you are an outstanding person Tyler and give it a easy 30 your just warming up!!!👍👍👍🏄🕶🕶🕶🍺🍺🍾🍾
Ohio state Barnes and noble meet and greet!!!! Babes ❤️❤️
This Is so amazing,but u know what wouldb more amazing...A TROYLER REUNION COME ON IM CRAVING SOME FREAKEN TROYLER
This made me cry awww, I love you so much! Happy 10 years on youtube, keep doing what you’re doing. You are an inspiration to us all 🌈❤️
Tyler's reaction to Joe is me 100%
HER MUM SOUNDS LIKE SHE'S READING OF SOMETHING AND NOT EVEN MEANING IT! LMAO
My first video of you was you talking about how you met your boyfriend at the supermarket. Aka the doritos bag 😂😂😂
Happy 10 year Tyler 😸😸
happy 10th year tyler
♥️
Congrats!! Love you sfm!!!
best thing i’ve seen all day!! i love you tyler!! you have inspired me so much over these 10 years. i’m so excited for what you have in store for me, many others, especially yourself. keep up the good work bud! i’m very very proud!!
Tyler- Congrats on a decade of growth and accomplishment. You've kept it real and fun but have done so much good for the world. You were one of the first youtubers I started watching and instrumental in inspiring me to be brave enough to come out, come what may. Thank you so much. I hope whatever you do in the future you keep doing it with joy, love, and honesty. ❤
Hello Tyler Oakley! I have been a fan of yours since 2010 or earlier one of my favorite videos of yours is when you did the chicken nugget challenge with Cory.  When ever I'm feeling down I always watch your videos. Congrats on 10 years on YouTube!
Tyler I love you so much! I saw you speak at vlogger fair and almost got to meet you but couldn't☹️You inspired me to ignore the haters and continue trying to make YouTube videos. You've been my Queen Tyler since 2007 and I'm forever grateful that you are who you are! Love you Queen💙
im not crying my eyes are just sweating
omg i cried awwww all ur friends are soo amazing and nicee!! HAPPY 10 YEARS TYLER!!!
aww congrats love, we adore you.
LEGEND LEGEND LEGEND
9:40 awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Congrats Tyler!
CASPAR
r.i.p troyler
exCuSE mE BuT whErE iS TroYEs’ viDEo
Tyler you are an inspiration 💙
Tyler!! You helped me to come out over 2 years ago!! You are a huge inspiration!
Why am I crying? This isn't even for me! 😭 I love this so much
Tyler I love you so much, you have helped me accept myself for who I am. I'm so glad that I got to experience half of your YouTube journey with you. I would love to meet you one day, but as of now my favorite memory is when you liked one of my comments and I actually cried. Thanks tyler❤️
Happy 10 years on YouTube Tyler!! I still remember watching your videos all the way back when I was starting high school and now I’m in my 3rd year of college! Now being in college I can’t catch up on videos very often, but the ones I do watch still brighten my day 😊 You have inspired many people to be themselves and you are such an amazing person all around! I know you love hearing this .. so I hope you have another great 10 years! 💕
I remember from when you first was doing YouTube and I was like 4. Wow. It's incredible.
My favorite is one of the first times I saw you. I was browsing and binge watching can challenge videos and yours popped up. I regretted every video before that but not yours. You are so happy and energetic all of the time and I am glad you are able to have 10 years of YouTube checked off on a bucket list you probably never had. Anyways I hope you continue with what you love and keep being awesome!
i will never forget when i dressed up as you for halloween w your professional fan girl shirt and you liked it on tumblr and instagram. you helped me realize it was okay to be me. love you, tyler. happy ten years💛.
Why am I crying in the club rn
I agree with Paolo, you r the best and the cutest!
I'm now going to binge watch all of your collabs
Congrats Tyler🎉🎉🎉 thank you so much for being a part of my life for the past 4 years. You're truly amazing and you inspire me every single day. I love you lots and I hope I'll get to meet you some day❤️❤️
Happy late 10 yrs Tyler! I'm very happy my sister introduced me to you 3 years ago! In behalf of all the people that watched this, we live you!
Actually, this is the first Video I have watched on this Vlog! Congratulations man! Looks like you have done quite well. Keep at it and let's see what's the future holds.
I cried watching this you're such kind loving soul. You inspire me to be my authentic self. You make me laugh when I felt like I was dying. I can't even remember how long I have been watching you. Keep doing you honey , fighting for ltbgq+ rights. You made feel safe enough to come out as bisexual. Thank for being you ❤️❤️❤️
Congrats Tyler !!! I just wanted to say that you’ve impacted my life so much ! I started watching YouTube back around 6th grade and you were one of the first people I watched you made me feel so good about myself and to appreciate myself. I started gaining confidence just by watching your videos and you truly made me who I am today! I can’t thank you enough idk what I would be or who I would be without you! You’re a true inspiration keep on doing you !!❤️
Liza died fifth In Escape the night
WHERE WERE DANIEL HOWELL AND PHIL LESTER
Where was Miranda/Colleen
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm balling.
They forgot miranda sings😩😂😂
❤❤❤ love you Tyler!
Where's Colleen!!!?
you are an opinionated cunt
Go die DONT FUCK WIF CASPER LEE
honestly ik i’m late, but i was sitting here thinking and i’ve been subscribed to you for half of this decade you’ve been on youtube. i was never a big youtube person but one weekend my freshman year of high school i decided to give it a try and actually you and Kingsley were the first two youtubers i subscribed to back in 2012/2013. it’s insane because now i’m in college and still watching you. ugh ily tyler!!
kind of salty scott and mitch weren't in this lol
Loved all 10 years of the ‘witch cackle’ laugh 😂👏🏻
Welcome to the 10 year club Tyler! Congrates! I'm almost on 11 years and it is a crazy feeling! We're the oldies now! Claudia xx
I love how it says “Casper Lee” 😂
My favorite memory is 3-4 years ago when you friend showed me your Channel, I absolutely adored you and  couldn't stop watching your videos, Tyler you're an inspiration and I absolutely love you
Where is colleen and Miranda?!
Congrats on ten years Tyler! My favourite memory of your channel is showing my dad your videos! He still says to me sometimes when I'm watching YouTube Are you watching the guy with the cool laugh 😂 thank you for always bringing a smile to my face, you truly are such a special person and I'm sure you will continue to do amazing things 💕
I love you ty the best memory is when u and alfie had a slumber party heres to 1000 more years together and also i wanna see 2014 youtube back 💜
This literally made me tear up omg xxx
I've been watching your videos for ever Tyler, my all time favourite is your video about BEING SICK xD It cracks me up every time! Keep being you Tyler, and congratulations.
I was crying so much while watching, i love you so much and you deserve all the happines in the world x
I watched your first video 2 years ago. That's pretty recent given that you started 10 years ago, but... My favourite memory is when I watched my first one video of yours. I felt so much joy that I was pretty sure you could be standing next to me. After that I couldn't take my eyes off of your channel until I had watched every single video. I remember walking through town watching your videos, crashing into poles, walls, and eventually cracking my phone :) I just wanted to say congradulations Tyler and #10MoreYears :)
This is soooo cute! Congratulations Tyler! You deserve all the friends and reckonition you get! I love you and your channel! Continue to make many more people smile through their computer screens , I love you! Xx❤️
NUUUU!!! WHERE IS COLLEEN AND MIRANDA😢😢😢😢😢😢
My favorite moments were the Troyler moments ♥️
Dele that goal made my cock hard
I went to the match and there was barely anyone there in the stands lol
Dele is best
Assist for the birthday boy!
why couldn't you stream it? Selfish
Enjoyed Spurs TV VLOG but I guess grandpa would have scored this goal by Dele!  Spurs fans seem like good guys!
thats what we and trippier need to do especially in these type of games beat your man and square in in the danger area. Not sideways  or back passes, and even when we get in them areas son shoots all the time for goodness sake.
Hey What's up from Ireland Sidney here uuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm i love u spurs uuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm i love come on you spurs im watching u on my ps4 pro ps4 pro ps4 PlayStation vr rules
If Eriksen would've been on it would have ended atleast 3-0 Spurs
Upload the whole match, please
Well played Trippier, such an improvement on last year
Cheeky feature in this video lol, was nice to see this goal being directly behind it
trippier plays better than aurier
Celebration??
Easy tap in 😄😄😄😄
Trippier 💪
GG Dele...
Killer instinct
Trending with 9.5k views👏👍
Its lookalike a friendly game
20k attendance Hahahahahaha.
Wembley.....urrrrggghhhh...😕
What a massive club 23,000 fans lol
this hoe stage is backk ..welcome back hazza miss u so bad
This is for all the people that say harry wants to forget his 1D past
HARRY EDWARD STYLES YOU MAKE MY LIFE BEAUTIFUL
Omg. Fuck. He's so fucking hot.  My life is complete after this vidoe. Thanks for uploading
I'm crying, in a cool way...
ICONIC
What a joyous performance i wish im infront jamming with him
OMG I love it 1D will come back I belive it now😍😍😍
I'm so dead😭 i gonna see him 5/11 and i'm gonna die✝️ but thanks for share this video 💕❤
Erica Love This is What Makes You Beautiful! 👏🏻🤗😍💛💜💚💙❤️💟💞💓💖💘💝💗 Literally!
I am so not used when the stage is dry. Lilo must be water fighting over there
That's better than orginal 😍😍
I’m dying. \n\n\nIn a cool way.
I'm living for the girl singing in the background😂 go on girl
This is the best thing I have ever seen
IM CRYING IN 17 DIFFERENT LANGUAGES
Harry Harry and Harry
love love love
I'm so obsessed with this version and all those note changes 😍
I am so not used when the stage is dry. Lilo must be water fighting over there
MI CORAZÓN OT5 SE MUERE
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW IT IS SO BEAUTIFUL
Falta louis zayn liam niall ele são meus amor o one direction
OMFGGGGGGGGG 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
OMG!!
I'm crying...but in a cool way...\n\nSomeone literally cut onions in my room..
This performance gives me life. Thank God for our Harry Styles ❤️❤️❤️forever
I NEED this version rn
iam crying
This is the thing  song moment person artist \nThis is us
Sorry to say but WMYB only sounds good when all my five boys sing it together😢
im not okay now.
THAT FINGER WAG
Those trousers...
Excellent!
Bae❤
ME MUERO LPM
I love you with all my heart
I love Harry Styles and Harry Styles only.
1:48 HARRY ISN'T HOLDING HIS PANTS ANY MORE😂😂😂😂.......BUT I WANTED NIALL TO RUN UP THE STAGE AND PULL THEM DOWN......... *like if you get it*
He just Harryfied the hell out of that song YYAAAAAAASSSS!!!!
He’s so fucking beautiful!!! Inside and out , love my sons
I miss your long hair baby😤
I'm crying in a cool way.
Can he  please récord this version? PLEASE 😍😍😍😘😘
I'm crying but in a cool way but did anybody recognize Niall's voice on the na na part
I'm crying bc I can't see him when he comes to my city and he's coming on my birthday, not to mention I've been a fan since I was 9..I'm turning 16
HE ACTUALLY SANG WMYB.... THE FIRST SONG TO BRING THEM THE BIGGEST BAND IN THE WORLD... NOW AS A SOLO ARTIST I'M SOBBING I LOVE HIM SFM
I NEED THE STUDIO VERSION OMG
cool
UGH i want a whole album for just the band members just user their style of music to sing their old songs
WHAT AN AMAZING NEW RHYTHM !!!!!!! SO GOOD TO HEAR IT AGAIN!
He doesn't hold his pants anymore✋😂😂
His little dance at 01:50❤❤
CAN I JUST SAY THAT NIALL WAS THERE
On some parts it sounds even like the past
don't know why, but I feel that Harry has become a little cocky😔
Who's not gonna see him forever? Coz you live in a place he'll never be coming and you have zero chance to meet him anyway and you are just sad watching him like that? Anyone?
THIS HOE IS BACK AND IM LIVING
omg this makes me so happy welcome back harold 😭❤️❤️😊
My....fucking...heart. I. AM. CRYING. Harry fucking Styles you killed me!
he's such an adorable dork, I can't 😭😭😭💘
harry just plzzzzz once wear your usual tight jeans and t. coz I m soooooo obbsesed with them. sooo much
this is my new religion
who agrees that there needs to be a studio version of this
these arent tears... OR IS IT?
everything harry does become more brilliant help me
my life is complete
OH GOD THIS VERSION IS KILLING ME
I MISSED HIM SO FREAKING MUCH THIS LITERALLY MADE MY DAY. OUR BABY IS BACK HES BACK ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️😭😭😭
i can't wait till march i can't
I NEVER KNEW I NEEDED HARRY TO SING THIS ALONE
Your smile light up the darkest days 💛
chorei
🤘🤘🤘🤘😇😇
ADAFDDSGJKNGRKJRGJKWIM YODELLING
Missing one direction
love him
HES LITERALLY SOO CUTEEEEEIM DYING RIGHT NOWWWWWWW
Jesus 😢😢😢❤💓
Jesus \nTô passando mal\nAaaaaaaaaaaa
essa música nao
Harry fucking Styles
Damn🔥
I so wish I was there!!! Such life! 💕Little dancing bear
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
I am going insaneeeeeee
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭.
Very Hot And Cute ❤😍
crying.... in a cool way
Te ganaste un puesto en el cielo por subir este video😢😢 gracias!!! hiciste mi día!!! ❤ Harry bebé😍 te extrañaba😭
You make my life so beautiful every day
Hazza's back to normal yasssssss😍😍
That was beautiful
What camera are you using?! In another video I saw that you are zooming quite a lot, but the quality of the videos remains really good!\n\nbtw, THANK YOU SO MUCH for all these videos ♡
better than 1D version
HaRRy HaTes ONe DiREctiON
Soy la única que lloro con esto??😭
Is he gay/bisexual???
rip jimmy. one of the few nice guys in irish tv
It will live with me forever that commentary. . Different. Class Jimmy rest in peace
Rip Jimmy legend
Y is this trending
RIP Jimmy Magee. Different class.
JIMMY MAGEE   R.I.P
magee legend
Different claaaaaaaaaaasssssss !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bruhh bts has a sound so new that it makes me nervous and sick and happy and everything i think im going crazy
They say go study but v say Paradise bitch I better die
this song made me feel so strange im actually crying. LIKE it's them telling us that we're so distracted from the real world because they're taking over us and our minds. But everytime we want to break off, they're always luring us back in + THEM SAYING come here DOESNT HELP AT ALL I FEEL ATTACKED. I dont know if im digging in too deep but i feel so strange sigh
이 노래는 진짜 아미들에게 주는 노래인 거 맞는 듯... 가사 하나 하나 해석하니까 감동..ㅠㅠ 진심 남준이 오빠 파트에서 찔린 것도 많구, 아미들의 심정을 잘 이해한 노래같아요오!! 우우우 어어우워~ 피리소릴 따라와 우우우 어어우어ㅜ어 우우우 오빠들은 참 달콤해요
Am I the only one who cracked up when Suga whispered his own name? Also I think 2.46 is actually Jin instead of Jungkook?
Me: Aweee this song is do cute! Don't worry loves my grades are good! I'm focusing on school wor--\nBTS: Here your reward~~\n\nMe: *HOLY SHIT YES GIMME OMG I FUCKING LOVE YOU OMG OMG OMG OMG* -FORGETS ALL BOUT SCHOOL AND GRADES BECOME Fs-\n\nRapmon: *facepalm*
We all know  that suga wants those awards so he needs to stop trying to roast us and convince us to like them so they (he) can get more awards and I have no pictures of rapmon in my room.
You know what's ironic, I can't stop listening to this.
When I listen this song for the first time I thought Jhope's got no lines in here. Turned out his voice is almost the same as Suga's 😂
everytime i hear namjoon's rap i squeal i can't even deny it
The part of the song when they said “You may struggle, but it won’t matter anymore” kinda got me, because i really look up to them, alot i see them as really really REALLY distance brothers and i idolizes them alot, they inspire me to be greater and do better and strive to live my dream, which is to be a song writer and singer,so particularly i look up to Suga alot since he is their main producer, the other day when i was on a field trip, each school there had 2 passes for participation, i was pretty much forced to cause no one else wanted to, so i was scared out of my mind😂😂, but i though to myself, if Tae can do it i can too, BTS has stood infront of thousands of people, if they can do that, i can too, it is very helpful and gives me curage to do things alot of the time.
Can't close your eye ofc can't cause youre suffering me☹️😑
When I'm the only one that didn't put any meaning into the lyrics and just enjoyed the song lol but I enjoy bts like any other fan lol
Somehow this gives me spring day vibes
This is the first time i'm seeing lyrics and i'm like.... oh fuck this was about me! : |
Love Yourself Album\nin my opinion Love Yourself album is one of the most prettiest album ever because\n1. it has something that singers can't do\n2. it has a lot of meaning to it\n3. The music will legit kill you
thanks bts i came fifth in my class. my teachers are damn proud of me.
has anyone else noticed the suga whispers suga before he raps lol?
I love how BTS have used the trope of love and obsession gone wrong to show us theres more to life than them. Yet at the same time they’re begging us not to leave. They want to lead us astray into a beautiful fantasy world while also wanting whats best for us. \nIf this was a novel or movie it’d be a best seller.
I'm a little dangerous. Yeah, I can't handle myself either. JUNGKOOK HAS READ OUR COMMENTS
JK; Yeah i'm a little dangerous, I can't handle myself either....kills me everytime!!! Little dangerous!!?? Like being in the eye of a storm is a little dangerous!!
The reason why I started listening to BTS is because when I would get bullied at school and get physically beaten every day before I came home(I had to make up lies to my family about what happened). I listened to BTS my friend said it would help me feel better. Don’t worry (I’m kidding nobody’s worrying about me), but I’ve moved and everything’s fine now. But that’s why I listen to BTS but it’s sad because I know I’ll never ever meet them or even see them in real life..
This honestly sounds like a Daft Punk song..... I WANT BTS X DAFT PUNK NEXT
They're basically saying hey, we know how hard you work to support us but we care deeply for you and want you to do your best (but pls still support us lel)
The song is super nice, I love it but Yoongi, Jin and Hoseok didn't have lines at all. :(
yes it's dangerous, yes you're sweet, yes you have ruined me and yes, you have taken over me
This song totally describes me! Lol! 😝😂
BTS literally exposed ARMY's in this!!! LMFAO
This song is literally my life in a nutshell 😂😅
i am a child i have 10 years
rm is saying us army's to stop it......so they realize what will happen??
I'm crazy with this song
I have nothing to say since everyone one else said everything that I wanted to say. Love u bts and this song is just amazing. Actually all of them are.
I have a favor to ask ARMY's can u please go to my chanel and watch the trailer to my Jk ff and tell me your thoughts and sub if u want to \nThankss☺😅
BTS: Voices and faces of angels\nLyrics: Actually roasting the heck out of their fans
okay this song is literally about us fan girls dying whenever we see them perform or sing or dance or anything for that matter
And that moment BTS knew we were fucked up
Those lyrics got me dead
yeah i'm a little dangerous  ? ?? ? i cant handle myself either ? ? ? ?? but my hands are warm ? ?? ?!?!! warm onlY TO YOU ????  SHUT UP JUNGKOOK JUST SHUT UP
I love this song because the meanings really make me sad when I'm reading  the English lyrics..
THE BEAT RUDUEBR8DE AND SUGA'S RAP KILL ME. okay I'll sleep now :']
Omg they know what I did over the summer( watched their songs funny moments and other stuff about THEM)
But my parents don't hate you...they don't even know you...*cries* \n\nWhen the part 'You are not being punished' comes on, my heart felt tightened and I wanna cry somehow😢😭😭
I'm just sat here shaking my head denying what's true because i do have pictures of them hanging in my room and they are taking over me...i need a life 😂
When you love the music but lyrics hit you hard !😢
Why am I crying. Bts has help me out so much I wish I could tell them how they change my life. It was best thing that had happened to me .
Can this be a kdrama between bts and army.\nCuz it sounds like one to me 😂😂😂
After I heard this song I got better in math and all my grades went up ^•^
I don't feel the least bit offended by it and neither should y'all. If anything this just proves how much BTS knows their fans and worries about them. This is how much they love their ARMY, they *care*. Take it as advice and move on, follow your dreams, focus on your life while playing BTS as your soundtrack if you will, that's all they wish for us all. 💕
Bts needs to stop this album is too fire abd ny heart cant take it. Espicially my bai V
of course jimin and jungkook are singing the most dangerous lines
You may struggle but it won't matter anymore\nYeah that's not creepy, not creepy at all...
*this is literally every army's life summed up in a song.*
i listened to this song a few times before reading the lyrics and actually liked it a lot....and now I am shocked because the lyrics are so different from what I expected them to be...\nbut I still like it. It has a nice twist
That fucked us up. Now fucking us up again
Can someone tell me what's the meaning of pied piper ?
*BTS at a meeting*\n\nBang PD: So guys you've dissed the haters in the past so who do you wanna diss this time? \n\nBaes: ARMYs time \n\nHAHA THESE LIL COCKY BAES TAKING OVER US ARGH \n\nCause they know no matter what we are still slaves to them DADDIES
VOTE for JIMIN in idol champion//download IDOL champion//log in( can with FB)//VOTE/////for Android can download with apk//details to vote Google//thank you voting🙆
Jungkook: I'm takin' over you\nMe: *MOUTH DROPS WTF KOOKIE HOLY MOTHER OF ANGELS SAVE ME FROM THIS NON SENSE*\nAlso Me: *OMF JUNGKOOK GREW UPPPPP*
*In my opinion this song is like this.*\n\nThey are trying to say that they know what we do. Of course they do. They are trying to tell us that we should stop a minute and study and that stuff. But as the lyric says, we are not being punished. They're helping us. They are here for 2 things. To help us and to ruin us. Why? Help us. Make us happy. And ruin us. We don't study bc we are watching videos of them.\n\nIt's normal. This song is one of the most significant songs of the album. \n\nThey're not ruining us. In this song they're helping us.\n\n*¿¿Can be someone more perfect than them??*\n\nDon't think so...
ARMYs to haters before the CB  : Wait for the comeback ! They definitely gonna roast you guys lol. Get a life!\nARMYs right now : **GAsP**
Why can I imagine Luhan blowing it like a flute every time i hear this 😂😂
Just for the record, some of the lyrics aren't correct, such as come here, you're my paradise (supposed to be I am your paradise). \n\nThe entire song is about how ARMYs are addicted to them, not the other way around. They're basically telling the story of how they've seduced all of us and how we can't get away from them because they are too tempting, all while saying how it can be destructive for us (kinda like the opposite of BS&T). I'm also getting a kind of sorry, not sorry teasing vibe from this. That's just my personal opinion, feel free to think differently. Either way, this is my favorite song on the album.
You are not being punished b-bitch I'm already punished by this song and their beautiful voices
Friendly reminder that 착해 is gender neutral and RM is NOT saying 'good girl'. It's just a way of saying 'You're nice/kind'.  I've seen many people mistranslate this and come to the conclusion that the lyrics are slightly kinky (wtf) when they're actually not.
this song makes me sad and cry in some way when I think about bts😯😯😢😢
I flipped out because of jimins high notes in  pttarawa  ttarawa 
I'm in one of those situations where I am super duper happy that I'm dissed by someone 😘😘😘😍😍😍
The moment when the artists diss their own fandom 😂
The part of my lifeu ive been roasted and stalked by the legend actully bts is telling me to get a frikking lifeu i think atleast real Army's relate to this bts is telling me to love my self why else is this album callled love youreself
This song really describes me because I’ve been going through a difficult time lately, not doing school work and being more anti-social than I am just so I can watch BTS videos. It helps distract me from my problems but my problems can’t be solved on their own. So the lyrics, “you may struggle but it won’t matter anymore,” “I’m here to save you, I’m here to ruin you.” I really relate to it. It’s good to see how BTS actually makes music about things people go through a lot. This song is my favorite from the album! 💞
They know what they've done to our lives
what I love about BTS is not just their amazing voices or meaningful lyrics but the instrumentals that just work so well, run, dead leaves and pied piper are just so nice to listen to.
I'm here to ruin you DAMN BANGTAN KNOWS OUR LIFE IS RUINED BECAUSE OF THIS COMEBACK
Army needs BTS just as much as BTS needs Army...
I like how their song is like Come follow the sound of the flute and we'll fuck your life up but at the same time it's like What are you doing here? Go do your homework or job or something!
I think i liked every comment i read hahahah army ily 😂👏🏼
j-hope saying guilty pleasure is my kink.
Bts know us very well
they know everything, EVERYTHINGGGGG
we gettin roasted
😍😍
Bts <3
my fave!
The lyrics 😂❤
Ahocks! I literally crying! WTH BTS? How did they know my life? Shems
I think im being roast wow
maravilhosos
Idk why I see something hot behind thoses lyrics XD
*JHOPE STARTS SINGING* 😂
The best song ❤💖
RUUUDE
I'm glad BTS has *cough* CLEANER thoughts about flutes than Exo's Luhan lol
*SHOOK 😳*
Jimin,,,,,,,,,so,,,,,,,sweeet,,,,my,pretyy boyyy💟💞
iloveyou bts
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love Jungkook,Jimin and V 😍😍😍😍😍
i love bts
my favorite song!!! 😍😍😍
This is actually a brilliant episode.  By being a giant, drugged up asshole, Norm managed to make somebody as unpleasant as Margaret Cho almost likeable.  The audience can sympathise with her.  I was genuinely interested to learn more about her life at one point, then she lost me at the Muslim stuff, but for a brief moment in time she was actually a real human being, not this asshole licking lame joke machine.
This episode is like a resignation letter.
Margaret was a favor for fucking, Jerry. WTF Norm. Quality man! Fucker's lowering standards.
Norm was trolling both of them with the ISIS permit and following joke about the 'dirty bomb' and they had no idea. Brilliant.
I don't think vaccines cause autism but comment sections like this make me think banning them is worth a shot.
What is brand shirt Norm is wearing at the first sponsored clip of this show? The one with the letter ‘B’ on the right. What does that mean? Butt.
not one of the better ones.
This show is going bad , not funny anymore
Jesus she's awful.
norm needs to lay off the xanax for real he's too somber, and this interview sucked shit
this is a prime example of how PC/SJWism has ruined comedy
What the hell is going on? Where are the opening remarks that last more than 2 min? Where is the abusing of Egret? Where is the rebellion? Why is this becoming just one more talk show or even worst: a comedians trying to look intellectual-showcase ? If Cho or whoever is gray & dull make them pay. You don't care. You should not care. If they think they are something special that's their problem especially when they are not. We can not keep watching the old episodes like: Stoller, Swardson, Nealon etc etc just to cheat ourselves that these are still funny. NML was the best of the best. WTH???? Or am I just missing something? Or is this Meta? The whole thing?
Fuck, Adam is the worst on camera.
Boy that Adam Get really is a fat fuck
'I don't like doing homeless guy jokes, fuck those'
Bob Hope was fine in 1989/90. He was fine in 1991, 1992 & 1993. He did stand-up in the UK in 1994. What's wrong with Margaret Cho's dates? They're starting to seem more like Margaret Cho's lies.
Did she just copy Mickey Avalon's My Dick song?!
In which Norm continues his recent unfortunate trend: first Mike Tyson, then Caitlyn Jenner, and now Margaret Cho. When are you gonna have COMEDIANS on again, Norm?
NML close to jumping the shark.
Deleted every one of them. \n\nI'd best go and pray now!
Oh boy, you know it's gonna be a good episode, when Norm starts it off with a nazi joke
Margaret Cho what a twat, any excuse to shit on conservatives it's ironic that the joke is why would anyone be apposed to killing ISIS and she has to turn it around to make a point saying fuck conservatives. I detest the religion as a whole being a vile sexist, destructive, oppressive religion but we can all distinguish between ISIS and more moderate Muslims you pig.
Everyone loves Margaret especially me.........Ok now let's see the funny Cho?
Margaret Cho basically says its bad to say isis hunter because it generalizes muslims, and then proceeds to generalize conservatives. This is why leftys are fucking idiots
What a brain dead liberal. Proved it when she took the bait @31:53.
Man, Norm's flinch after the Lizzie Borden joke is too funny
Hahaha! I really liked that part where Margaret made the asshole licking to battery testing comparison. It reminds me of that time that Jim Norton did the exact same joke in his new HBO special. What a funny and original gal she is. What a hoot!
So is that just a straight Mickey Avalon My Dick rip off or was he involved somehow?
God she's a bore...
Bobby Lee part 2 was very disappointing, this time around there was no chemistry or connection. Norm seemed a little bit out of it. He didn't even get any funny story's this time. No wonder they didn't open the season with this one.  This one might be the worst episode of the entire 3 seasons.
HMMM, SHE SAYS SHE SOCIALIZES WITH SUPER DAVE OSBOURNE, BUT THEN SHE ASKS IF HE STILL SHOOTS HIMSELF OUT OF THINGS AND VECROS HIMSELF. DOESN'T SOUND LIKE SHE REALLY KNOWS SUPER DAVE AT ALL.
44:03 pizza joke is funnier when you put them emphasis on ITSELF
One thing I've learned consistently from watching Norm Live: not a lot of comedians or comic actors actually have senses of humor.
One less bar, norm. Just one.
I dunno who this Buckley character is.  I thought he was doing Hannibal Lector.
Why is Norm pretending to be more senile than he really is? I mean... I know why, but... you know!
Jesus Norm, could you put some effort into the show with Margaret Cho. Stop taking what ever meds your Dr has prescribed  you.
I heard Hitler was a bit of a jerk.
I watched videos of Bob Hope from 1990 and he seemed pretty mentally alert.
i don't find her funny anymore ...
how come she has nothing to say ..did anyone sit through this shit ?
she's just an old chung of coal.
I love how diverse this season is! Doesn t matter if old white men are funnier, but as long as its diverse!
boy Norm did NOT look like he wanted to be there...either that or he had copious amounts of xanax
clowns to the left of me, jokers to the right
Margaret is starting to resemble my mother.  And I hate my mother. Ok I find my mother extremely annoying and try to distance myself from her as much as possible.  Hate's a little excessive.
I've seen nearly every episode save for the Adam Sandler one and part 2 of Gilbert godtfried. This is the only one I didn't thoroughly enjoy.
Norm doing his best Eric Andre impression.
on Hitler: ..and I do not care for that man. Norm and/or my Grandmother.
I've recommended season 1 and 2 to my friends. Not so much for this season...
I love Norm but he can be frustrating at times.
Norm, buddy....are you okay?   Let me know
I mean this guy was a real jerk!!!
But they never suspect THE DEACON!
does margaret not like norm...or just not get him? she comes off like someone's nervous, humorless aunt that wandered into the studio.
It's a bird
when adam eget is more entertaining and interesting than the guest.
13:23 omg I can't stop watching this over and over
Light camera....dark camera.....light camea.....dark camera.....I fuckin love this show!  That and Margaret started off with Ari Shafir's joke about liking assholes is like a 9 volt battery.
i bone no one
Norm tried, but she is a killjoy of a guest.
Albert Brooks would be an awesome interview.
The only way this season of Norm could get any more intense is if Doug Stanhope is the next guest.
Robert Forster does a mean Norm Macdonald in this one.
I thought comedians were supposed to have a sense of humor.
What do you do with a guest that isn't funny and you don't respect?  JOKES for 15 minutes and the guest has absolutely no fun with it the entire time.  TRUE COMEDY
Cho in a nutshell- Don't generalize about Muslims! while she generalizes about conservative Americans. I don't think the sentiment going around in conservative circles is that it is OK to think all Muslims are ISIS, but I guess it is OK for her to generalize while she criticizes others for generalizing. 100% aside from her hypocrisy, this was the least funny episode of the entire series- except for the Lizzie Borden and Mamie Eisenhower jokes.
You know, I am a self-identifying conservative and it is true that I DID want to kill all Muslims. ALL OF THEM. But after hearing Margaret shine light on this subject and really illustrate how ignorant I was being...as a conservative, of course...it has made me really do some self-reflecting. I guess she's right. I guess we shouldn't kill all Muslims. I guess that not all the billions of Muslims world wide are terrorists. I'm glad she pointed out the ignorance that all us conservatives hold because I really did think that all Muslims were evil terrorists. Wow. Thank you Margaret. But now my conundrum is, can I be a conservative who doesn't believe that all Muslims are evil or should I become a liberal who makes sweeping generalizations about the ideologues of conservatives? \n\nHmmmm...
What the hell is the meaning of this?!
I have watched most all of Norm Macdonald Live but this one...uggh. Not remotely entertaining. \nIt's not too late to delete this episode, Norm.
Margaret Cho's impression of a dull lady with nothing to say was irresistible
I have no idea why this woman is famous.
The ISIS hunting permit bit culminating in Norm's friend's biggest fear is fucking sublime genius. It is so deadpan I missed it as badly as Cho and Eget the first time I saw it. But Norm masterfully hooks them into revealing their banal PC ideas that basically are the same ones Barack Obama had (after every Islamic atrocity in Europe the first thing our former POTUS would say was words to the effect of 'Islam is a great religion of peace', b/c he was more worried about the blowback than the safety of Western innocents at the hands of crazed butchers). Norm set it up in such a way that they were completely unaware they were subjects of his satirical observations. Cho's that's true was the coup de grace. Anyone who wrote off this episode b/c of the guest is missing classic Norm.
I remember when Adam's shoes were still clean in season 1.
I'm going to the bathroom and take a Margret, then I'm going to wipe my Cho. She really knows how to put the UN in funny!
I'm surprised Cho didn't end up looking like Friar Tuck by minute 26 with all the jokes flying over her head at such velocity and frequency. I gave the episode a like based purely on Norm's heroic effort in salvaging it. Although entertaining, it was the worst yet. I understand why it was delayed since it seems it was the first one filmed this season.
Norm MacDonald is the smartest duck in the bin. By any reasonable metric Norm is the binniest duck in bin.
Never seen this old Oriental fellow before, he seems angry...probably has a very small penis.
I got your muslim joke Norm. I shared your disappointment in the morons beside you.
It's Spike Milligan
john c Riley
I'm pretty sure Norm overdid it on the Xanax.
Jesus train wrecking Christ
Normy, Normy, Normy....SJWs Normy!...they're not funny Normy!
Egret is as fatbody.
Fuckin fuck margeret cho
oh jesus H christ...my pus ?
Cho sporting the Joyce DeWitt hairdo.
Margaret Cho, beautiful, great guest
always amazing Ms. Cho!
Worst episode ever.
Isnt this the chick from greys anatomy?
jokes are back!!! thank you jeebus
Egret is getting fat.
Good episode. Minus the viet cong fella.
Yet another awesome show, Norm.
Discovered by a barely alive Bob Hope... that explains it. Seriously, this show dragged. Apparently to be a comedian you don't need to be funny off-script.
for some (stupid) reason, alt-righter fans of norm have concluded that since he's made some right-wing sounding comments over the years and likes fucking with people, that he is a *sociopathic maniac* who mocks his liberal guests' very existence just by having them on - while appearing cordial on the surface. all done as a nod to the enlightened few who truly understand him. every fan who knows norm well enough knows that they haven't the slightest clue about almost anything, least of all the things he's spoken about.
What a generous guest. Norm was a total ass.
It's hard to tell if Norm is pandering to, or trolling, the sociopathic retards in his comment section anymore.
how the fuck is this trending
How the fuck has Jansen wormed his way on to trending
Trending with 500 views and 2 likes. YouTube is broke.
getthefuckofftrending
Fuck this site
No audio shi* quality shi* video. *GET OFF TRENDING*
6000 views.. shit goal.. trending.. ?
Lmao trending
was expecting a bicycle kick or 40 yard screamer...  fuck u YouTube
How is trending? 🤦🏽‍♂️
HOW THE FUCK IS THIS TRENDING WTF YOUTUBE FIX YOUR SHITTY WEBSITE
Nigger
Wtf this is trending Google is broken.
Why is this even trending? It’s not even a good goal... WHY
This is trending because youtube is out of ideas
How is this trending? comments are more cancerous than the videos themselves
Wow YouTube shore ends money for this is making its way onto trending...
This was uploaded 3 years ago. Why trending
14th on trending ?!?!?!
Shit goal
The day YouTube got so shit that Tottenham reject was trending
jansen actually scored from open play!!! no wonder its trending atm
Just started on youtube to capture all the shit me and my mates get up to so any views, likes, dislikes or subs would help but shit i wont loose sleep if im still on 0 in 3 years 😂😂
WEST INDIES TOUR OF ENGLAND,1st ODI TO BE HELD TODAY !!!\nhttps://cricmadness18.blogspot.com/2017/09/west-indies-tour-of-england1st-odi-to.html
If this is tending so should my channel! If you like fantasy football then go check out my videos! :P
Finally scored for Spurs
?
Idek wat i just watched...
D zyzgd qt
Still hand some
ummmm
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | perfectwriting.co.uk/
14th on trending ?
Now he scores-_-
Can anyone recommend an alternative to YouTube please please like right now
Youtube these days..
Go home youtube, you are drunk again!
YouTube let me down with this BS and so did the human who uploaded this crap. Bu ne Lan? Feneri de senide sikim. Mal..            CIMBOM BOM!
If you feel disappointed then just go on my channel and watch the 2 videos I made. They are quite bad but not as bad as this shit :D THANK YOU :)
In most of the interviews mike and chester were together, fucking sad now Mike is alone and he's in pain 😭
I can hear the pain in his voice, it's so clear... But that has only increased my love and respect for Mike. In spite of everything that has happened and how it affects him, he still talked to us. And not only through social media but now also on the radio. I can't even imagine how he - and the other guys&Chesters family of course - must feel. The fact that he reaches out to us is just... it's just downright special and emotional and ugh I don't even have the words. I'm really fucking proud of him, and I know that the LP family will always have not only his back, but also the other guys' and Chesters family their backs. One day at a time. We will remember Chester forever <3 Always in our hearts #MakeChesterProud #fuckdepression
It´s like medicine to hear his voice again <3
Its Nice to Hear Mike Voice After 2 months.
If Mike ever sings that song himself there will be tears
Hey I'm thinking about you. I care. And sometimes that's enough.    Well.. Freaking true. It's so relieving to hear his strong words too, though.
It’s so hard to see that things are moving on without Chester, those 2 month felt kind of empty for me, and for a lot of people here i guess...\nBut it really helps to hear mike’s voice...\n\nThank you LPA to share this with us !\nDoes anyone know if there will be a live stream of the show ?\n\nAnyway, i think it’s such a symbolic date to honor his memory, just a few days after hybrid theory’s birthday.
Will it be streamed for those of us around the world. \nI would sell my kidneys and liver if it meant I could attend this event, but it's not possible for me. \n\nCome on, please there's got to be some way you could let all those who care to be part of it.
i am so proud with how strong the guys are being <3
How the fuck you dislike this... and it has 30 dislikes, which means 30 stupid people were on the same place, small world huh?
Who's gonna be singing chesters parts???
We love you Mike!!! You are #MakingChesterProud
How can pple even think of disliking this!
My heart goes to LP, the fans, the families, and everyone. Chester and all of LP have helped me and many, many of us through the years! One More Light makes me cry every single time. And I wish one of us could have reached Chester the way he reached us.
There's no way in hell it's been 2 months already since he's been gone.....omg.........
I sense the pain but fortunately he sounds calmed as well. I pray depression never gets you Mike, remember the love of not only your family and friends but all your true fans. Peace.
i wish i had the money and a way to go to Hollywood bowl for the memorial show
So great to hear Mike in an interview like this. You can tell how broken up he is, but he's still keeping his head up. Good for you Mike. Stay strong, Shinoda. The fans still need Linkin Park. We need you guys.
Mike's voice never ceases to be medicine to my soul. Thank you, so much Mike, for being the strength for the fans and the genuine spirit who never stops caring. Who cares if one more light goes out? Well, WE do!!!
Really hope they live stream October 27th 🙏
Who were the 24 people that disliked this?
You can feel the change in the way he talks.... :(
And a DVD/B-ray of this show just to be fair to every fans around the world
Is the concert also going to be send out live on YouTube or Facebook?  I really want to see it live.
Thank you so much for sharing this. As a fan the lost of Chester really hurt. I cannot begin to understand what his family and close friends are going through. :(
it is so nice to hear your voice Mike,i love you,Chester and Linkin Park  forever in my heart.
I whis I could come to the consert but it to far away.
the great thing about this interview is that you didn't ask any specific questions about the passing of Chester.
Man it's so nice to hear Mike and just anything about how they're all doing. 💜
If us,the fans,are broken i can't imagine what his family and rest of the band are going through
Chester's death was a very painful memory but I cant believe that Mike can hold in all that sadness
I cried during this whole interview.
Jesus has it been two months already? Damn feels just like yesterday. Miss you Chaz
I have been a fan since the beginning. I am now 54 and still with them.  My heart was broken and still hurts.. so good to hear Mike so positive.
I hope they get austin carlile for the oct 27 tribute concert.
THANK YOU FOR THIS LPASSOC. JUST WANT TO ADD....I WOULD LOVE TO\nSEE LP CONTINUE ON WITH\nJUST THE FIVE OF THEM, NO NEW LEAD SINGER, MIKE IS NOW THE NEW LEAD, MIKE SHINODA HAS \nA GREAT VOICE❤
Right now it's good to hear Mike. It's good to hear a follow up.
2 months? thats fucking crazy, yet people like already dont care. probably because we get new information so fucking quick n more new news over n over than people jus forget. we need to like get rid of this way of getting information, i dont think its good for us
Mike is such a great nice guy. This was a good interview and very touching.
I am glad to hear Mike's voice. I'll hope everyone is okay. Dave, Hahn, Rob and Brad too. It is very dark time losing someone we loved. \nThank you so much for making this interview. At least, I know any progress about them. \n\nPS: I don't have twitter, facebook and instagram. So, I am kinda outdated to get the news.
I can't believe people have disliked this video smh
pain in his voice... But good to hear Mike's laugh.
idk why i find this hole chester thing suspect but who knoes
Every time Chester screamed I do toward the end of One More Light=goosebumps.
Please don't stop Linkin Park. \nPlease continue your fantastic Job. \nI love you guys.
The Two months since Chester passed away... was enough thank you... bye
Glad to hear Mike Sounding so well!
earphones on and closed my eyes\n. i don't want to get distracted from hearing his voice, after a while. and to hear he sounded okay.. make me feel okay.\nthank you for this. :')
Wish I could be at the upcoming event. \nGreat to hear from Mike!
So who's excited for new Fort Minor tracks?
It felt SO GOOD to hear his voice again
Is there any chance of that tribute concert being broadcast online for other fans throughout the U.S. and around the world who won't be able to attend?
So good to finally hear Mike's voice... Thank you so so much for uploading this.
I am very grateful for this
Just started on youtube to capture all the shit me and my mates get up to so any views, likes, dislikes or subs would help but shit i wont loose sleep if im still on 0 in 3 years 😂😂
Mike is so strong, I am so proud of him and LP. Its a heavy time for them, for us, for all fans. Its good to hear him. Stay strong, guys <3
Thank you Mike , is this show going to be recorded or live broadcast so fans like me from Europe can see it too?
thank you for posting this
Thank you so much LPA  for uploading this interview
Damn it, I cannot help crying just looking at the comments.
There's a reason he's 'The Glue'
I got my tickets to this show today. I hope this will be a good time for everyone, and a source of some closure.
I love u guys so much and I am very sad that I can't come to the show in honour of Chester just because I am living so far away😔
3:20 one more light - how this idea pop out - heart breaking story </3
I'm so happy to hear Mike's voice again. I can't even begin to imagine how tough it must be for him, the rest of the band and Talinda. You guys handle it with a lot of care and dignity, and I wish you all the best in the future. Won't be able to see you guys live unfortunately, but I will always be there, making tributes and doing my best to support you. Thank you for everything.
Much love and respect Mike and LP and all Chester's fans, and family!
Such a Great Person.. stay strong r.i.p chester bennington 😭 he's an Angel now
😢💔💔💔 so much love to the #LP and the family rest in peace chester bennington xxxxx
He definitely was choking up while talking about the making of One More Light. I feel horrible for him and the rest of the band plus Chester's family.
Mike is really in pain.......rip chester
I like that they didn't ask him about Chester's death and just let him speak a little bit about it
Wish you all the best Mike, the hole band and Chesters family..❤❤
In the tribute concert I would like to see the band members together sing One More Light to end the show, makes me tear up just picturing that in my mind.
Thank You Mike for this from 🇩🇪
This broke my heart a little.  But I needed this. I really hope they come back to tampa fl and do something.  I need to see them and cry out . Not to sound like a little bitch,  but this band has been in my life sense the 9th grade and I'm 33 now
it's very comforting to hear mike's voice
He really likes to say the meat and potatos XD
Its been 2 months...2 months of sadness.R.I.P Chester Bennington.
it's so good to hear his voice. the guys are so strong and i know that they're gonna get through this even though the hole in their hearts will never be filled by anyone else ever again. i miss Chester so much and i know that he'd be proud of everything the guys are doing. i love them so much and hearing Mike's voice and his laugh gives me comfort in this hard time ❤️
This is so hard to listen to but it was nice to hear Mike again. Thank you for uploading this.
rapper best
So nice to hear from you, Mike. Sending you much love and wishing to be there at Hollywood Bowl on October 27.
Thank you for uploading this :)
Keep strong.
This just came up in my recommendations and the first thing i thought was 'how can Mike be so strong about this'. He is amazing and i love them so much 😊
The fact that he had the strength to talk like this , makes u hopeful and to be more positive. #staystronglp thank you for this
Thank you for sharing.
LP43V3R
#RipChester 😢😢😌😌❤❤❤💔💕💕
GTA 3
Tearing me apart💔
Thank you. Love you Mike ❤️
Breaks my heart ........
The Best!!!!!!!! Hungary
Kevin & Bean!
Mike <3
Como tw extraño Chester la banda que ara sin ti has dejado un vacío en el corazón y en el alma tanto dolor 😢
I was my whole life a big fan of this band and there is this last consert! as a normal guy from vienna i guess there is never been a way to get there and listen to them but i hope they stream the shit out of there so i can watch it at home <3\n\nThanks Mike for this great Interview!!!
thankyou so much for this Mike , LP4LIFE!!!!
You can hear it in his voice that he's still hurt. I feel for the guy but it's pretty amazing to hear his voice and to hear Kevin and Bean lift his spirits up. Good interview.
None of that DOS buildup, and WEEZER!!\n\nWindows 95 was the SHIT!
this is the kind of acting that made daniel day lewis retire.
An entire orphanage full of children must be sacrificed to make amends for this video.
This is a nice introductory video to those who haven't seen the full video yet.
New video here! https://youtu.be/8i-4ZFl8P5U
That feeling when grandpa is playing better than me. Damn.
Finally a new gamin vid!!! 🙏
What a legend
4 dislikes, the 4 people he killed. Lame....
He fought in the big war this is nothing to him.
I have a feeling this is the man responsible for the birth of Shroud.
In the old days, firing a shotgun through the doorway was the polite way to announce you were entering a room.
TOLD YOU TO GET OFFA MY DAMN PORCH!
I love how he leans to the right to see better through that doorway.
I gave you a sub !!!!!!!
What is the twitch name ?
I think I found Tuffish
Genio!
my grandpa played in real life now i dont have him to teach me how :\
And they say old people cant play games XD
FOLLOWED 4 LIFE! Is this the Gaming Grandpa Dunkey was talking about !??!?=!?!? Who can tell me !?
This makes me so happy on so many levels. Would love to play with you sometime.
what did he say?
Asians are so bad at this game, its hilarious.
He's legit better than me and I have 300 hours under my belt..fuck my life man
You're so me in 25 more years of work. Gaming for lyfe. On ya Grandpa.
tfw you are in the peak age for gaming and this gramps would be owning most of us here.
I... haven't done this yet.\n\nI'm gonna just use FPP as my excuse.. ;D
My grandpa couldn't have made that shot!
Summit has let himself go huh
even god couldn't stop him :')
show this kids the oldschool tricks legend
Awesome Experience comes with age. 😎 👍\n\nLots of smiles from a 69' from Sweden.
Ah Asheron's call, Granpa nice he found his new home?
Damn, that was pretty good
Those guys will never know they got smoked by GRAMPS
i watched this 3 times lol so funny. u smashed a whole team lol
Holy. Shit.\nBoys servered up hot, with a side of salt.
In my squad we call this shotgun the grandpa's shotie. Now its the official name :)
Never again say:My Grandpa could have made that shot!
A fucking god among us dear lord.
GG, duuude!! nice shots
#GrampsForPresident
Give him an Honor Medail pls
GET OFF MY LAWN!!!
sub!
love it :D
That's fucking awesome man
DOUBLE BARREL OP
GG gramps.
Get off my lawn?
wow
NA Servers
LUL
Your a Badass grandpa
3pp so good
foxy grandpa
niiiiice
Came from Reddit. You're effing legit. Subscribed.
Subbed.
Yay Gramps :D Kick them kids ass :P lol
sick quad kill gramps! nice title too lol
Dang it Grandpa!!
Bahaha!! Epic!! Way to to Gpa!! <3
10/10
Man this grampa rocks
subscribed
Wow
damn
lmao
outstanding buddy
This is great! Could we feature this clip on our show Highlight Reel? We link out/credit every clip we feature.
Hey there,\nYour Videos are amazing!\nI work for GamePro and GameStar, two gaming pages on facebook with more than 600k fans combined. Would it be ok for you if we created a video based on yours?\nWe would credit your channel/video in the top-comment and tag your FB-Page in the post's status, so that our fans could become fans of your page in a second. I think that your work could reach a lot of people who yet have to see your amazing work!\nLet me know what you're thinking.\nCheers, Philipp\n\nEspecially we're interested in the following clip: https://youtu.be/7vdNTw3zzEs
I'm not even upset that its tpp.\nWell done, man.
why i wasnt watching the stream this time :c
I wonder what they were thinking, like there were 4 of us and we just died to a grandpa... what is life
do you stream?
3rd person? zzzzzzzzzz
God tier gameplay right there!
lol wtf
Grandpa or not i hate TPP always so i do now. TPP mechanics lul
What's your twitch? I would love to follow
wtf has it got to do with Richard Madeley or anybody else for that matter?
they're two adults forming a relashionship, nobody on this earth has the right to say anything.
Who? Why is this important?
Anybody would attack if you've being locked up for that amount of time , when he should be out , an what's he going to say when he see luton , fuck me were you dropped me off ? Paki fucking stan , all I want is a apple pie not a bloody curry an loads of fucking sex cases
Richard Madeley is a stuttering gibberish bell end and what’s more the cock twat got his facts wrong lol numpty
Coming from this guy \n Hes a shoplifter
Piers Morgan number 2.. What a prick!!!
Id love his porn tash around the base of my meaty length.
What happened to Lorraine Etherington who was engaged to Bronson a couple of years back?
Has there been a helium leak.........pssssssssss
He’s never getting out of jail and she’s just a fame whore
Think Richards been taking tips off Piers Morgan lol
Why are all these 2k views videos in the trending tab all of a sudden? How is this #27 in trending?
fiance? hes been inside for 30 years.. so she got with him outta clout? women are weirdos hahahaha
Tony bhlair is a bigger criminal than this guy....
Richard is a complete dick.
Fiancee lol ok. He's never getting out, pointless.
When did Richard become such a gobby, shitty presenter? Maybe I was just too young & naive in my childhood to fully be aware of how he presented This Morning with Judy, but I don’t ever recall him having this much of a cocky arrogance about him.\nHe’s not asking questions from the public, he’s projecting his own opinions onto her & using that as an excuse, that’s poor journalism & completely unprofessional. \n\nNo one has the right to tell her who she can & can’t love.It’s not about acceptability, no one has to accept it, it’s their lives, & they have the freedom to do whatever they choose to with their emotions & feelings.
Charles Bronson is a fucking scumbag, let the cunt rot in jail. This dopey bitch gets all wet over violent men!? Send her to the Jihadis. ANd to all you pathetic dimwits who idolise this cretin; EAT MY SHIT!
Richard should stick to shop lifting wine from Tesco. Always thought he was a shitty presenter, I wonder how is alcoholic wife is doing?
This is the stupidest video I’ve ever seen. EVERY character changes throughout the seasons just look at how smart Morty got so don’t make a fucking video about it you view whore just summarizing the entire show
What if this is Ricks real family... And he abandoned them so he can just not give a shit for his family while he does insane adventures and science projects and it took 20 years or however long he abandoned them
Is rick the real rick becuz what if he's actually one of the rick clones?
He's bipolar. Maniac phases make him work and seek adventure because he doesn't need anyone. Depression phases make him try to escape and spite connection with his emotions.\n\nBut bipolar people have a third state: the normal state, because of that he has this brief episodes of emotional behavior and care for others, which triggers either a depression or a maniac estate. That's how bipolar people works.\n\nAlso, he seems to have a dark triad personality
My favorite part of episode 1 is him complementing the eggs and leaving them on his plate.
Everyone says Jerry is stupid but he at least sees through Rick's manipulation.
Liberal agenda ruined a great character.
Hearing Morty say Mother fucker... Is the funniest thing to me.
Maybe nobody knew about this but have you guys thought about \nCHARACTER DEVELOPMENT?
Season 3 sucks, most of the new episodes are bad, nowhere near the greatness of season 1 & 2. It's like someone completely different is writing the new episodes & this is probably true as I heard they hired new writers. Whoever these people are they're seriously screwing up the flow of the old writers.
has anyone noticed there was a scar on rick when he turned back from a pickle? Where was that from?
Tried too hard to fabricate the sine wave theory. Should have left it out and it was really lame, baseless and doesnt make sense
So your conclusion is no, then. You're like those climate change skeptics who say The climate has always been changing, hurr durr
For Real? It's a cartoon people.
Someone should make a video about all the videos talking about rick and Morty
'Rick is clearly successful at hiding emotional depth from others'\nwell there's one thing I can relate to at least.
He loves Morty he cried for Morty.  Bs on noob noob scene he didn't screwing up the machine its all but impossible the machine would of killed him, he didn't to openly admit it was Morty.
BOYS BOYS BOYS what if Rick's sign wave (Between caring and not caring) is what rick was referring to as 'Genius waves' in 'Close Rick counters of the Rick kind'--which is contradicted with the 'Morty waves' which is Morty's sign wave. The two different waves when combined (Caring, not caring, in denial of caring ect...) causes the Rick waves to be overpowered with the Morty waves, as Rick does care for his family deep down--which we know Morty does already--this double up of this emotion could hide the side of Rick where he seemingly doesn't care. (Hiding Rick in the process) Knowing this--when Rick had said 'a cocky Morty is bad news for everyone' might mean that Morty's sign wave would become more like Rick's, destroying the possibility of Morty being a camouflage to Rick. \n\n\n\nCome to think of it, maybe that's why Evil Morty's Rick isn't present, as he was somehow killed (Due to the camouflage being uncovered, as Evil Morty's sign waves may have become more like a Ricks). And maybe that's why the Rick's (who wanted to capture our rick and Morty) kept Doofus Rick around, as his sign wave may be more like a Morty's, camouflaging the ricks. \n(lmao this became a rant sorry)
I think rick really does care and try's to hide it as last time he cared  about morty he turned into evil morty. I think the theory that says morty is actually just as smart as rick but he has to keep in the dark so he doesn't turn out like his original morty, evil morty.
Omg rick is a girl on her period 🤣🤣
Rick loves has daughter, I think that's his one redeeming quality.
wow that was great
I think he said once that you should not TRUST him, I don't remember what episode though..
I don't want to go down the Rickspiracy rabbit hole too easily but we constantly see other Ricks on the show, a nearly infinite number of them. It's hard to imagine that when we see Rick behaving very differently and constantly popping back and forth between dimensions that we're dealing with the same Rick.
That diagram at 0:26 made my brain leap
Which episode was it were Rick gave Morty a noogie?
So if Rick's character ark is a sin wave, is Morty's a cos wave?
i don't think rick has changed but rather we are slowly going more in depth with his character and learning more about him.
This show has a complexity that is    hands down the most beautiful thing ive ever seen.
I guess I don't need to watch the show now. I just wanted to know if one of the major characters changes or not, not details about the plot. A simple yes or no at the beginning of the video would have been sufficient.
I wouldn't really say changed The reason why i like R&M is because the character development. It's growth. It was intended
Here's an interesting theory.\nWhat if our rick was the rick that visited the Rick in the flashback in S3E1.\nHe was the one who truly invented the portal gun, and ended up killing that rick's wife and daughter.\nThat would explain why he cried at that scene, and why he was able to alter it. because he just imagined what went on from the other rick's perspective. Maybe after that happened, the Rick whose family died tried to hunt down our rick. Maybe he became simple rick.
No, but Morty has!! Just look at him go! Hahahaha!
Oh and the Fake Reality. If it isn't Real then Rick Fantasize to be with Annie? xD
the rickest of ricks has no f*cks to give
maybe rick is being distant to morty because if he gets close, and when either he or morty dies or leaves the other suffers greatly which can lead to creating an evil morty due to a sense of betrayal and/or another suicidal rick.
Why are there so many douches psychoanalyzing Rick and Morty? Its a fucking cartoon comedy show.
I think it was A really interesting and important point that in the toxin episode, rick was shown that his feeling for his family is something about himself he sees as toxic. but so was the need to mascorade and hid his feelings, Thus in toxic rick, we see the extreme of both ends of the scale, and the detoxified rick no longer had this conflict.
He does care because his toxic side cared for morty, so when he put toxic rick back into him his care for morty came with it :)
It's called character development
Short answer; yes, it's called character development you nimbwit.
I played pocket mortys and found a picture on the floor at the right bathroom at the morty games. When you interact with it, a ghost rick comes and says that he will find his morty which might suggest that the rick you play as is not the original rick
The only thing rick shows passion for is szechuan sauce
i see this channel is on point wit it.....may my thumbs up for this channel soar pass the heavens
Rick would be a cool grandpa
Has anyone considered that maybe rick turned himself in because he did care about the family, but because he didn't wan't us the viewer ( because he knows were watching) or his family to know he came up with the plan to destroy the galactic federation after he got caught to cover up his own weakness. \n\nI also think that rick knew that morty would get on the pad instead of noob noob because why all the other traps had stuff that would kill you if you got the answer wrong but and i think rick knew what drunk rick was up to since all through out the episode he seemed to understand the reasoning behind everything drunk rick was doing he only fucked up when he left his portal gun on the vindicators ship
Rick's burping less on this season, that's for sure
I think the purpose of rick and morty is to literally make people who try to find meaning and understanding in it go mad or sound like fools when failing explain it. Designed specifically to no be broken down into your tropes and misconceived ideas on how thing should be.
Yes, it's called character development. Rick is becoming more caring for his family and Morty is becoming more like Rick.
Finding meaning is a choice\n\nSelf delusion. The only meaning you can choose to find is one that isn't real. Or more accurately the concept of meaning itself isn't real.
I think Rick always cares but does not like showing it because it causes him deep emotional pain. Something must have happened to our Rick to make him this way.  Perhaps he realized that no one in his family is special and he can just move to a new reality where his family still exists and everything's the same.  He knows somewhere another Rick has done the same thing making it feel  pointless. He often breaks the fourth wall and is smart enough to know he is in a tv show and none of this is real. This would explain his depression and why he is constantly coming up with catchphrases. He does not want to be cancelled because he knows what happens if the show gets cancelled. His only function is to be our entertainment which is why he is so nihilistic.
You can't trust Rick. He always says he doesn't care, but he told Morty the only reason he saved Morty and Summer was so Beth would take him back, but why would he care about Beth if he doesn't care about her children? He loves Beth, Morty, and Summer. Loathes Jerry, but has a sweet spot for him because Jerry's the father of his grandkids. It's normal to hate inlaws though.
I guess Rick has mood swings. Bipolar disorder maybe? Its just a cartoon, so probably not, but he's a genius, and geniusses usually arent very good at social things.
I'm not crying I'm just allergic to dipshits
Rick may change but Morty will never, Rick doesn't allow him.
This new season is gay a’f half assed
Remember when he got home in that one episode and searched the house for anyone to talk to, but then ended up sitting at the table by himself all sad. And when Morty walked in he was like MORTY! I mean.. hey. That would have been a great moment to highlight in the video.
Rick didn't change, the Pilot was just bad at portraying him.
how do we know he faked the backstory. ehat if all ricked did was change what the math said on the garage. so everything else could technically be true.
What would be amazing: a rick and morty movie (and no even tho rick and morty is a parody of back to the future, it doesn't count)
FUCK NO he hasn't changed. He's only getting worse. lol
Hehe i fond it so amusing that Rick is a sin wave. Lol.. sin..math...Yep, sums him up pretty good alright. Also youtube wouldnt let me in peace until i saw this video damn
I wonder if the reunion with unity is what really tipped the scales for Rick.
My English teachers always told me to use concrete examples/evidence to back up my claims. I'll find channels all the time that are lazy and could use more clips for examples of their point, and less of the show has A, but bc A, that means B and just playing unrelated scenes in the background. It grinds my gears.\n\nScreen Prism, you got, like, too many examples. How much time do you waste digging through content to exhaust every option that relates to each point you have? This channel is really underrated.
Ever since jerry left rick has started being a better person
The only thing thats permanent is change
rick lost his original morty, that's why he stopped caring......he was confronted with that and starts thinking about it more frequently. Original Morty isn't dead but pissed and takes over the Citadel of Ricks to get revenge?
The family he lives with in the show isn't even 'his' family as he potal jumped there shortly after the native rick died. It's also implied he's done this before so it's not surprising he's got minimal emotional connection
So, rick is a tsundere
Rick isn't changing and never will and the Rick and Morty bubble will pop soon
I don't want to see an emotional Rick...
Yeah he no longer has the lovable half assed doc brown impression voice
5:43 that is true... noob noob was the true hero of the episode. The universe is a cold place... even colder when your own family can't even pick up what you're laying down, and looks up to distant idols, rather than nearby heroes... \n\nSometimes all it takes is someone to bite into someone else's joke when they put it out there on the line, when no one else would... 🤔
Rick used to drool/burp mid speaking, he doesn't do it much now, other ricks do it but not the Rickest Rick
I feel realateable to Rick in the sense that whenever I feel to emotionally close to someone I push them away
They would all want to kill themselves if Rick did not erase their memories. Rick makes them go crazy.\nAlso, when Rick and Morty are forced to abandon living in different dimensions, like the Cronenberg episode or when Morty starts the squirrel reich, their family wouldn't know of the stuff that happened in the episodes before since they get swapped out.... Maybe Rick struggles so much because he's destroyed his own families' minds over and over again and no one else but him understands what it's like to be the smartest being in the universe.
Jesus Christ can someone please figure out the name of that outro song? I know they cited the music they used at the end of the video, but none of them matches up. Please help! @ScreenPrism
I think it's just his character developing more.
The reason why he cares but doesn't care is because he wants to make sure his enemies don't use them against him because they'll sense vulnerability.
Ugh the show is supposed to be crazy and weird, that's what makes it good, this vid is just trying to put reasoning behind everything that happens, just stop..please
5:54
Made me hard
the writing changed
Ahhhhhhh geez Rick
War has changed...
so... Rick is bipolar?
@58 Skeet from Jimmy Neutron?
wubba lubba dub dub!
This show is fucking overrated
Hahaa wobalaba dub dub dub thats funny right it's funny hahaha so funny no please stop
Rick has always cared about Morty
yea well no shit
WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB
Rick is basically choatic neutral.
Yes
I think no
good video
Wabba lubba dub dub!
Aww rick
Has Rick Changed \n\n\n\n\n\n*Obviously*
That. Was. Fucking. Awesome.
6:14:07 he talks how EA killed Shift guys!
Time-stamps:\n1:20:00 - Ian Bell joins the Live Chat (On the right Hand Side)\n2:03:20 - Ian Bell joins the Discord Chat (Audio Q/A)\nI wanted to clarify the basis of the interview as I've been asked by a handful of people. There was no prior arrangement made for Ian to come into the stream, it was completely off the cuff which is the surreal part of all of this. I was simply Live Streaming Project Cars 2 and Ian Bell popped up into the live feed chat. I invited Ian to come into Discord which he was an absolute pleasure to have on. \n\nIan was a completely open book - He spoke in great detail about prior business dealing that went awry with EA, growing up in Belfast with his Mum, dating tips for single guys, foreseeable updates for Project Cars 2 and other tidbits! he even strummed his guitar. What's the most amazing part is that he never once ignored any questions that anyone asked for the entire 5 hours he was on mic; respect!\n\nThanks again Ian Bell! It was absolute madness to have you come on the stream to talk to the peeps! :)
EA is absolutely disgusting
EA = Evil Assholes ? LOL 😉
Legendary interview
This is the best interview ever!!!
This is amazing. Q&A sold me on the game, thanks Ian and Ozzie.
Aww man, wish I'd been around for this! Great to see Ian doing what he does best (stream/chat/forum bombing), always fun to watch the bossman doing his thing, and great job Ozzie for keeping up with him!
Bell actually comes across decent here tbh. Weird as he always comes across an idiot when reading posts from him over the years but shows how different a person actually is with voice. He seems genuine with passion and i like the way he's says it how it is. Waiting for somebody like Empty Box to give some thoughts before buying as I didn't like PCARS. But still he gained a bit of respect from me here either way.
Looks like EA secured 'Worst company of the Year' AGAIN with this.\nCongratulations! /slowclap
Stream of the year!
Best stream interview ever. I have supported Project Cars from day 1. Mr Bell sounds like a great man. If more people heard this, I am sure sales would increase massively. I play all the racing games, I play on PC, XBoxone and PS4. Project Cars 2 is the best racing game by far.
Thanks Ozzie for this really fascinating stream. And of course thank you Mr.Bell for the EPIC Q/A session!!!
So that why we never hear another shift again.
Pure Class .
karma is a bitch ain't it, SMS?
+1 for Mosport! Great pick Ian. I used to watch F1 and motorcycle races there as a little kid while camping with my parents at the track over the weekend. Later on I would go to the SCAA races with my GF. Great memories.
If you enjoyed the live stream please show your support by leaving a like on the video :) This will assist in more opportunities in the future if it's looked in great favour!\n\nP.s. Ian Bell is the man!
about the whole Aus/NZ pricing, you children should stop crying, yes you pay more but you also have double the minimum wage of UK so stfu
Complains about EA trying to fuck him, and then tells you to go out and fuck everyone you can (as long as there's condoms). That's a wide ranging Q&A right there
You can be a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\n \nGo and tell them Visceral Games\nGo and tell DICE the same\nTell the journalists, the critics, all the reviewers\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\n \nWell my fellow devs let me tell you the news\nWhen to get a pizza and a mountain dew\nI was talking to this EA suit, about a new IP in the works\nHe had invited my whole team out\nI have to admit that I had my doubts\nHe said “well done” and he wet his lips\nAnd then he came down with all those pink slips\n \nGo and tell them Visceral Games\nGo and tell DICE the same\nTell the journalists, the critics, all the reviewers\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\n \nYou can be a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\n \nThey may seem nice and let you be\nLetting you work freely on your new IP\nBut remember Marxis, Bullfrog too\nWhen they get a hold of you, you’ll see that it’s true\n \nYou can be a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\n \nGo and tell them Visceral Games\nGo and tell DICE the same\nTell the journalists, the critics, all the reviewers\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\n\n[EA's Gonna Cut You Down - /v/ The Musical IV]
Well this i can read people even when they typing he could save that lol - felt to good to trash EA with 100% true facts and he lost control for a minute I guess :D
EA suck my dick i will never ever buy a game from you again :) the list gets longer. ubisoft/EA/activision no money from me. the little studios are making better games anyays since years. :)
So they gave him 3 Millions and than fired him? Monsters!!!
Wait the360-PS3  shift game? was need for speed all ways part of EA?
inb4 EA gets voted worst company in America again.
This CEO is cool as hell.\nAlso obligatory #FuckEA
Yes he is right, EA is soulless monster...but everybody know that, do they?
well, you deal with one the worst companis ever, VERY know to kill franchises and studios....what were you expecting????
6:15:35 wwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhwwwwwwww - sincerity 100%\n\nso the guy is finally breaking the protocols while throwing a bomb at EA, and this fella was driving? hell yeah, bring me wayne´s world handsome Dan scene.
Wonder how EA will react to this.
And here I am finished listening to the whole ~6hours of Q&A while trying to work. It surprisingly worked out fine. Entertaining AF. Especially Ians laughter.
Congratulations are in order for Ian and the team.  I was one of the senior manager members of WMD for pCARS 1, and we had a very good result with it. Some of the drama that went on with pCARS 1 was ridiculous when placed in the context of the complexity of what they were trying to do.  Haters gonna hate, and all that.   It was unfortunate we weren't able to continue the relationship for pCARS 2, but if SMS were considering branching out and wanted to leverage some risk with some outside investment again, I'd be interested.
U kill Maxis\nU kill Bioware\nU kill Criterion Games\nU kill Westwood\nU fucked the whole gaming industry EA\nStop wasting ur money on this company
I like this video but the chase cam + the wheel = ridiculous... :/
it's not even humanly possible to read 150-200 books a year with a schedule like his.
Lmao We had one guy that left to join Pixar, hell I would've left to join PIxar. This CEO is a savage, EA is getting exposed.
with my realism glasses on :   ian probably burned soo many bridges with the first project , that going on random streams is his only option for an interview.\n\nhowever , pre- ordered and cant wait to try it out  in a few hours from now.
Legend. I throw something hard and spikey at the person that tries to use anything said in this stream against Ian Bell. Open candid chat like this is becoming rarer and rarer and we all lose more to over bearing political correctness than we take damage from edgy chat. More humanity 4tw!
That was excellent, Ian is a legend.
Holy shit that got cringey at times but that was so cool.
EA Sucks
Classic LeMans coming fuck yeah
Fuck EA
hahaha, EA loosing some on stockmarket :D https://goo.gl/VNecyT
Fuck EA.
I'm not sure where Ian Bell gets his energy, amazing. He's been up for 60 hours and he STILL has the passion and desire to spend this much time on a live stream talking about his game, the industry etc. Respect.
On the Rallycross I'm trying to turn on practice side, the problem is that those tracks don't really have pit areas in the traditional way in real life, so on a lot of them we couldn't really enable practice sessions. You can of course use them in private practice, but having a practice session before a race isn't possible due to you having no place to take the car outside the track.
Fascinating stuff!
Ian Bell has returned to do a second interview which can be found here, and there may be more in the future :)\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_mymaL8cE8
I love how the puddle stayed there for a freaking long time (Around 3:40:00). This was one of the  (minor)  gripes I had with PCars weather system, while it looked great, the transitions were little to fast, and the track changed from full wet to dry in 2-3 laps. I havent even consider buying this game outside of a sale, but now, after watching several streams and listening to this, down to the earth, honest, interview, I preordered. So yeah, Ian, you made a customer by jumping drunk and sleep deprived into a random stream :)
Really loved this, great conversation both ways. Ian Bell really impressed me and I'm so glad even though I'm skint at the moment I saved enough to buy the deluxe edition on steam, and can support both this and future PCars.  Thanks for sharing both.
Just watched it all. Amazing CEO. Rick you da man 🤙🏻
more bad things to add onto the pile of how bad ea is.
Best! Stream! Ever! 👌
He gave away a few things he shouldn't have, he will be in trouble for some of the things he said for sure.
Whos this dude? Interested in him
Great video, amazing stuff.\nAmazing to listen Ian praising Assetto Corsa, greatness recognizes greatness, never forget.\nBest part was listening Ian telling the simcade troll to funk off, these guys need to stop with this bullshit of bashing pCARS for not being a sim, it´s a sim, a very good one. Full stop.\n\nThanks guys, you´re amazing.
That moment when you decide to boycott all EA games after they destroyed your beloved Mass Effect Series with Andromeda. I heard IAN in this video and I believe EA has done this to him. So I just bought Project Cars 2 for 80 euros and my machine will barely run it. I support the companies that deserve it such as Slightly Mad Studios and CDPR!\n\nPS: I work 12 hours a day and do not have to game anymore. You can imagine I did not need project cars 2 at all!
i was there and he answered my question thank you so much mr Ian for the awesome time you spent with us and im pre loading PC2 now
Hang on a minute... EA gave him 1.5 million... he blew that money then EA cancelled a game.. I am not really sure what they did wrong. I mean they cancelled a game.. that is it. Ian Bell sounds like a bit of cunt as well.. I mean I understand he is angry but he took the money told them they had access to the tech and then he scammed EA..
Hey man, it might be beneficial for you to put a time stamp down in the description that lets people skip to where Ian joins you on Discord!
First time here. Congratulations. Awesome interview indeed. The fact the CEO of SMS chose to come on live and open up about a range of topics speaks volumes about you and your channel. I've hit subscribe and look forward to seeing the channel develop and grow. Thank you
So, a thing Ian clarified, he's really not happy about the opinion of other people hahahaha. Is very subjective the realism feel. It can be awesome, but for some people is just not good enough or just it doesn't feel right, what are you going to do? Kill them? My goodness.\nHe's really arrogant, maybe they have the most advanced physics in the market, but the difference is in how you say things. Plenty of other games had and have racing drivers helping them, but they're not telling, we're elite, we are better than you, if you can't see that you're an idiot. That's precisely why I can't hear him for too long. And even with aaaaaaaall of that, I and many others can't stand playing PCars.
Got a link to the entire thing? This link starts halfway through.
sounds like Ian isn't telling all the truth
Project cars has really shifted gears.
where is the money from wiiu version of project  cars ?
Isn't EA heavily associated with Microsoft? Makes sense then.
Why don't you finish eating before you start no one wants to see you eat?
Great interview.. But, Ian, you've pissed off a lot of Scotsmen and probably your host with the rambling statement regarding the kilt. Perhaps you should read about the Dress Act 1746 mate -\nThat from and after the first day of August, One thousand, seven hundred and forty-six, no man or boy within that part of Britain called Scotland, other than such as shall be employed as Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Forces, shall, on any pretext whatever, wear or put on the clothes commonly called Highland clothes (that is to say) the Plaid, Philabeg, or little Kilt, Trowse, Shoulder-belts, or any part whatever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland Garb; and that no tartan or party-coloured plaid of stuff shall be used for Great Coats or upper coats, and if any such person shall presume after the said first day of August, to wear or put on the aforesaid garment or any part of them, every such person so offending ... For the first offence,shall be liable to be imprisoned for 6 months, and on the second offence, to be transported to any of His Majesty's plantations beyond the seas, there to remain for the space of seven years. \nThe English government have tried to destroy our identity and culture for a very long time,  Saor Alba.
And when we get pCARS 3?!
Oh and Ozzie, all the cars have multiple pre-saved setups on them (from launch on the PC and in a later update on consoles due to differences in how long it takes for patches to process on different platforms), on most cars you'll find a Stable and a Loose setup, on road cars you'll find an additional OEM setup that's supposed to be more like what the road condition car is (which might not be track friendly). If you find yourself struggling at first on the Loose setups (which is the default when using a wheel) go ahead and switch to the Stable ones, the brake balances and many other things are designed to be more resistant to things like sudden inputs etc. In the future if there's enough desire we might include stuff like pre-made low and high drag setups etc.\n\nOf course going over a crest while braking and turning is still going to be a though thing to handle no matter what the setup. =)
I am Bell is the biggest asshole in gaming. His company asked THOUSANDS if people to crowd fund his game, and then went out and got a publisher. He pocketed all of that crowd source money. He's a thief and a liar. Fucking asshole.
Ian Bell... Could you lie anymore?  Is such a thing even possible and at this point how can anyone besides the shills believe you?  You buy websites off to end negative coverage, surely you do it on YouTube as well.\n\nWould be very funny if EA sued you.  Oh God...the bells would ring, no pun intended.
This edit is perfection! The start was way cooler than anything on YouTube at the moment!!!! Loved it and appreciate the hard work you put in to create content 💕💕
I know this isn't really relevant but you have such a beautiful body Helen!
anybody else waiting for jamie genevieve and helen to collab? cause i'm waiting. i think a grwm together would just be the best thing on earth.
Im not sure which Kat Von D palette you have but there is refillable version, and then when you use one shade you can just buy that one and replace it. :)
i loooove your freckles!!!
Love loveee the way you don't take make-up too seriously, makes it more fun! .. great inspo right there!  ❤️
1.30 in and I'm thinking GURL your skin is looking fabulous without makeup, is there a particular product your using for skin care that's doing that? It's looking real glowy and smooth and lovely, super jealous
Helen I think the Kat Von D palate has refillable pans so you could just get your favourite shade and replace it! I think anyway not 100% sure
I love how similar to your vlogs the intro is, i LIVE for them
your skin is looking incred!! love the style of this video <3
When you were going to put on your mascara and made the, bind them together now comment...I can't even tell you how hard I laughed at it. I was in tears! The voice you made and the face that went along with it. Hahahahahaha. <3
You have such original ideas and original ways of filming! I love your channel so much ❤️
Ooh that glitter looks amazing!
I love the color combo on the eyes
Dude are u ever stoned when filming these videos? Cos that would be awesome....
Loved how you did your intro! And at the end of the video your hair has this dark red kind of colour and I think it could suits you so much! But we'll never be tired of the purple one of course
Glad it's not just me who looks half dead when they first put on their foundation cause I'm so pale 😆
YOU'RE SUCH A BABE
kat von d have separate pans so you can refil the contour kits!!
It was SO lovely to see a latest on you doing makeup, havent really seen you do a makeup look in a long time. 😊 xxx
Speaking of Harry Potter, you're a real life Tonks 😄 love it ☺️❤️
I can tell your more crazy side is out more now!! Yay!
Miss Helen you look amazing 💜💜💜 Loving the heavier eye makeup and your hair looks so shiny and luxe at the end!! Xx
I didn't think it was possible to be jealous of someone's eye socket shape, but every time you just throw eyeshadow on it is already this incredible shape.
This introduction is FRESH!! Feels super happy and professional xx seriously coooool!!
you need to tell us where you got your tape ins done at! <3
That was the most honest way of putting on eyelashes !!!! I struggle so hard because it's actually quite difficult.  So relatable !!!!! Oxoxooxox
This is one of the most beautiful looks & best edited GRWM videos I've ever seen, the quality of your videos keep going up and up, Helen 🌸✨
you are off your head girl so funny, why all the foundation slap though like coco the clown when your skin is pretty without it , it's just a waist of money that clown stuff.  you should show your pretty freckles 😉
I laughed so hard when you said YO im a shadow!!! 😂😂😂 xxx
You are hilarious ! That's why I always look forward to watching your video xx
Love this look. I find it easier to apply lashes when I put mascara on first then the lashes because they have something to stick onto  xx
It still amazes me how you can use both hands to do your makeup
Not sure if this has been said, or this is a really strange thing to say. But your jaw line is just magnificent!! xz
I'm always listening to the harry potter audiobooks while I'm working! It's great background noise when I can't be watching something!
Hey What's up from Ireland Sidney here uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmm i love that look 2day uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmm i love im watching u on my ps4 pro ps4 pro ps4 PlayStation vr rules
I hope everything's OK Helen.
YO! im a shadoww :') you say the best things lol
Such a fun grwm 😀Your super fun and charming. All the best to you ❤️
haha i loved the comment about doing your eyeshadow first - i do it first now too and it's soo much better!! i feel so weird doing foundation first now.
I am loving your re-vamped hair colour. Seriously, every single hair colour you have ever had is amazing. It always makes me want to dye my hair again. (I've had nearly every colour you can think of.) Also, make-up goals. (= xx
Love the intro, you put so much love and effort on your videos. Everytime I see a notification of you it makes my day 😚😄
You are so cute and funny 😍
I love the way you use both of your hands, I'm so jealous!! 😍
Please don't ever change. I love you so much 😂 your just you and that's great! 💖
oooh the struggle! same happens to me when putting on lashes - same eye, same corner. utterly frustrating 😅😅😅
Hahaha. I thought I was the only one who had issues sticking eyelashes on. My reaction is pretty similar
you are so damn beautiful
I loved everything about this
omg helens hair is so shiny, it looks like its in great condition
I basically only ever wear makeup when I'm filming haha.....so I wore makeup today! I need to do my eyeshadow more often with eyeliner, I always love how you do yours!
💜💓💜💕💕💜💓💜\nLoved this video! \nYou probably won't see this comment being so busy, but can you do a FLAMINGO inspired makeup look? \nLove you! \n💜💓💜💞💕💜💓💜
I love your hair color 💜❤
You should try getting a toothbrush to scrub off the dirt if it's just a fluffy velvety material :) it should be okay and not damage the packaging !
Where did you get ur new pallette! been trying to get my hands on one but haven't been successful:( pls help! x
Your makeup looks amazing, great video 💗💗
Loved your energy in this! I think a little background music would have been cool too 😊
Savers sell Eyelure for cheaper if you have a store near by, they sell them for 2.99/3.99.
I keep my ABH palette in the cardboard sleeve so it doesn't get mucky ❤️
Loved this video. You are hilarious.
I like that you filmed the beginning like your vlog intos are. Always putting out fab content babes.
This was such a fun video! Love the make up look
The makeup is so cool! I wish I could rock this just like you do! Anyaway, the whole video was really beautiful, you are such an inspiration Helen
Helen, I fucking love you. This edit too! top bloody notch! <3
Use a Suede shoe cleaner for the palette! Works like a charm. I use the Vans shoe cleaner (just because that's what I buy to clean all my Vans) but you can use any Suede shoe cleaner you can find 👍
This had me cracking up the whole time! bravo!
I have the electric palette and it says on the back that like 3 of the colors aren't meant for use on eyes. Kinda of silly for AN EYESHADOW PALLETTE. I mean, I do it anyway...but whatever.
Am I the only one who thinks you look and act like Helena bonham carter? I love your videos though ❤️ x
Again. Your uniqueness shines through in your videos. I love how you don't take everything so serious! Loving the vlog style at the beginning of your vid too 😉
This look is gorgeous and you are gorgeous 😍😍😍
Your intro inspired me to get my shit together :___D
Love your videos Helen!! What shade do you use in the too faced concealer? Xx ❤️
This vid is the best! 😂
loving your make up. also very much loving the mirror in the background, I'm looking for one just like it . It's amazing how we change the way we put on our make up with all these YouTube beauty bloggers teaching us how to do things right. I'm now 37 and for years i would use my hands and fingers for putting my foundation and eyeshadow on, oh the horror lol.....i mean what was primer.... eyebrows, well they were ignored and hidden under my fringe or should I see my very much very blonde barely there eyebrows lol. When I told my 13year old she had a look of shock n horror on her face as tho I had just licked the toilet bowl lol, have to say the kids more clued up on make up trends than me and when I tell her she doesn't need to use my primer she tells me times have changed now mum....boy I feel ancient lol
For a second I thought I was watching one of your vlogs because of the intro. I actually checked the channel lolz. Love this chatty relaxed get ready vid, your energy is infectious. Reminds me of your old melonlady video's but with better make-up skills ;)
Love the edit
Do you still have your septum pierced? xxxx
Gorgeous!!!
Yess makeuuupp \nLove it ♡
i fucking love you soooo much.
Fit
Looooooved this 🖤
Awesome video!
😍😍😍😍😍
🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
Babe x
I got that lippy! Xx
Loved this video
Bladddy stunnnnnnnerrrrr ❤️
LOVE 💜
Fucks she gorgeous!!!
Love these chatty GRWMs!
♥️👌🏼
Had you had a drink before this video? You seemed a little lit and in a great mood 😂
Helen, you should definitely dye your hair burgundy after this color! The lighting made it look that way towards the end and it was gorge! You could even put darker parts in it, like lowlights.. For the edgy rock chick side of you 😉🤘🏼
your hair at the end looked dark, mahogany like! omg so suited u!!! do it do it do it
This is the first time i've heard that the Electric Palette had issues with the eye. LOL I'm american, I use it and have no issues. LOL The more you know.
Gosh every video is sooooo good Helen! A round of applause to you darling
Have you heard of the eyelashes that have tiny magnets on them? They have a top lash with a little magnet end and a bottom lash with a little magnet end. Then you sandwich your natural eyelashes in the middle of the falsies. I think they are suppose to stack on the outer parts of your eyelashes to make the outer corners more full. \nI haven't tried them but they look interesting. They are suppose to be lightweight so they don't harm your natural lashes. And I'm pretty sure they are reusable.
I wish my skin was naturally dryer, because as someone with naturally oily skin, when I put ON oils and cream foundations... oh my god. My skin can be clean and fresh to put them on, then an hour later I just look so oily. Even after setting spray, after everything. I have to stick to powder foundation and skip using any oil or moisturizer before makeup to avoid looking like a human toad. I stick to a good skin routine and I do moisturize my face before bed, but I can't wear makeup that has a lot of liquidity to it because I just go glossy. Does anyone else have this problem?? I wish there was a way to switch skin types because I feel if you have dry skin, you can moisturize it. If you have oily skin... Like what do. Sorry for rambling.
See it the U.K. in the year 2067.
Average U.K Council worker - this seems to efficient for my liking.
Someone please tell me why this is trending
Hmmmm what happens to the other 4 guys do for work?
cheaper and greener. that's all matter. i hope it can be applied in my country soon.
how is it even more green if theres baree smoke 🖕
groundbreaking technology lmao
First den
wat
This is depressing...
Our childhood was the best...
How the heck is this #1 on trending?
So is no one gonna mention that the kid just tapped the screen thinking it was touchscreen?
Lol, this shows how kids these days only depend on the screen when we were all kids we used freaken buttons!!
A god has arisen 1k subs and number 1 on trending
I remember my first game boy when I was young and they were like $70  back in the day that was a lot of money to me.   I saved up to play Pokémon yellow the memory
When I was her age ( im 10 now ) i could play a 70’s gaming console. This kid needs to learn.
Touch is so intuitive, God bless Steve jobs
Oh, god. I feel old.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxo13fEURGI\nYou need to check MY Game Boy out RIGHT NOW\nDon't forget to take a glimpse of the thumbnail ... it'll make more sense https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAKp2FE8PSuh1Gquk5qn3Pw?view_as=subscriber
Kinda sad I hope he actually ended up showing her how
Wow, I'm officially old
Im gonna have to slap the blind child
Oh how cute! Twenty-first century kids don't have a clue!!! 😝💟😋😄
And it's funny it's Pokemon yellow as well that kid is going to be a Pokemon master once she figures out how the gameboy works
This is sad to watch
Disgrace. This is what we’re turning them into
Just give her a DS
This is so sad. It just shows that the new generation won't understand the fun and joy in the little poorly pixel ate package of fun and games
This is why you don’t give technology to children at a young age, smh.
The new sound when you like a comment is so creepy
Wow I'm only 20 and i already feel old
This is what tod/ kids should have in there hands. Not iphones
I remember when the tactile devices started to appear in the market.  It was funny how I adapted myself from my old phone to the new one.. Since then I wasn't able to use the old one properly.
Still I cannot forgot you my gameboy
This is the saddest thing I've ever watched. :'(
Cries, because kids won't be able to understand my childhood
If you don't think the power rangers game was the best game then u r lying to urself or are 12
she's like WTF DAD WHY YOU GIMME BROKE TOY
I think we should all agree that the buttons control is better and easier to use than the control at the touch screen.
I dont know how but just how is this number one on trending lol
That's todays generation she's taping the screen like it's an iPad or a tablet 😊
How did this go viral?
HOW IS THIS 1# TREND LIKE SERIOUSLY HOW
This is actually sad.
a generation lost to the age of time
Remember when kids played with actual toys instead of staring at a screen all day?
When she's older she'll say: Ohhhh what does this button do!
im playing kingdom hearts through my gba emulator ok tnx.
Why is this on the trending page
Your kid needs to stop playing on a damn phone or tablet. Seriously no offense but its sad when you completely ignor the existence of buttons. I dont blame her for trying to touch the screen but she didnt even notice the damn buttons. How are you raising you kid dude.
this is just sad.
How is this trending number 1 a 12 second video
Ahhhh. I remember the day I got my game boy original !! :)
because girls don't play games
Why do I want to drop kick her though 😂😂
poor child thought it was a touch screen game and couldnt figure out that buttons are use to play the game. sad sad sad
The new generation is dumb but not the kid in the video she still new to the hell we call earth
kids are stupid these days
This make me realise I'm old 😣
This is the type of girl who gets an iPhone 7 at the age of 10
I remeber getting my game boy at 4 from my older brother. I regret dropping and breaking it.
Verticle filming...Looks like the apple doesn't  fall far from the tree
For me being a 2000 kid but loving the 90s I have my gb advanced sp
wish i could kick this kid right in the teeth
See what the new generation has become. Damn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxo13fEURGI\nYou need to check MY Game Boy out RIGHT NOW\nDon't forget to take a glimpse of the thumbnail ... it'll make more sense https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAKp2FE8PSuh1Gquk5qn3Pw?view_as=subscriber
Who's hyped for the SNES this Friday?!
These videos remind me of the old YouTube and videos that SHOULD be trending
She thinks that it is a touch screen mobile phone.....🤓🤓🤓
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00wQYmvfhn4&t=2s\n\nJohn Oliver has over 2 million views right now and he's still not at #3? Wonder why...
Already whoring out your daughter, huh?\nMan. I'm sure some commercial would love to have unlicensed content like Nintendo in it.
🤦🏻‍♂️this girl trying to touch screen
Lol.. kids of this generation
Tf is so exciting abt this bs ... Man gtfoh yo
The next generation is screwed if we do this so used to touch screens we don't even know what buttons are 😞🔫 KELL ME
This generation is doomed.
Why is tis trending
Pokemon😍
assthetickz
o my gud
This is sad
乖乖乖
hahahhahahahahha
I feel ancient xD
Trying so hard LMBO
I'm sad
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ that deserves most popular
Lmao
First
Ed kid
OH GOD NO. HOW? HOW?!? HOWWWW?!?!?!?
Kids today...
Rip children
KIDS THESE DAYS
smfh
Loooollllll
Music
Face palms
Wholesome
https://youtu.be/i5ZnQWVfwZw
that is sad
Too cute!!
Oh no...
The Digital Youth...
the pain.
Kid sees buttons...refuses to press buttons
Lmao 😂😂 touch screen m8
Why is this trending?
Hey man what about making an instrument. With chords, thats for sure. Would be awesome!!!
Ok, I think we ALL know whose our #1 draft pick for a post-Apocalypse survival team.
*He is the only human who can survive WW III and build his own city inside a rain forest.*
Why the fuck is this #1 trending in my country
He actually uploaded this via smoke signals!
President Trump could stand to learn a thing or two from this guy...
This would be very helpful if it was 10,000 bc
Preparing for life after trump 🤣
if he ever talks it will ruin the mystery
U should make a hunting video and hunt with your bow
I found this video very interesting to watch good job, keep it up
I just finished  The Walking Dead Series. And I can't  make a sigle break, I'm done...
I can do alot of things in the wilderness of Alaska, but this guy makes me feel totally unprepared :) LOL
We need more how to live in wild. There is spiders ?  spiders kills ppl.
If there was a Apocalypse you will be all goods
At first I thought this guy was making a prehistoric barbecue
HEY GUYS! I'm AddiTV and it would be awesome if you checked out my channel. I have some videos on there now, and I would love it if you subscribed! 😄😄😄
Doomsday preppers need to take a note from this... lol
We in 2017 while he in the future, when the missiles come:)
How did he make the video camera from the mud?
please watch my video on my website\nyou can complete every requirement of blood in the world so please watch my video and do help......\n\nhttps://youtu.be/wBn8nsV72ls
this guys gonna be able to launch a nuke before north korea
That's some real life minecraft shit.
I wonder what hapns when it rains
With millions of channel views per video I can’t believe he hasn’t been approached by discovery channel.
this man has been playing rust for a while, can't wait for his raiding videos
Why is this so entertaining?
@ 00:16 He's A Monkey
Very cool who is make this video
Cool video, but why is it 1# trending in Australia. I've seen this in my reccomended every single video for the past week.
Can we like, start a tribe in the woods with this guy as our leader?
With logs and a lighter I still have to use BBQ fluid to get a fire going. This guy used a stick.
Can't wait till this guy gets to the point of making a sword from found metal and a forge.
If you are out of ideas you can always build a treehouse
14m views in 3 days?? legend
$10 says this dude was a history teacher that got tired of his job and is now doing this
i love when he make a fire out of the stick....
Stone age and we may be closer than people think.
Bear grylls got nothing on this guy, he can make mud bricks and more than that!
Can I have your contact info so I know where to go when shit hits the fan?
Please make a blooper compilation or sth, just to make sure you arent a workoholic robot who never make a misteak or speak
Life is fuedal in real life
THIS IS WHY TRUMP WON! SEND THIS IDIOT BACK AUSTRALIA.
Im gonna make a knife channel
I'd hire this guy to be my life intructor
He's like an Aboriginal in the old days
I see you just dont do the videos to see how the primatives made this, is a way to help us if we get lost in the forest, Im impressed for your hard work, I will subscribe
makes me wanna go play in the forest..
Its rust in real life......
Watching this and realising that primitive man made stuff like this, it's fairly obvious they're smarter than I am.
There's an app for this.
Bear Grylls and this guy!!, Grylls gets the food and this guy make shelter :D
Yeah he can build cool shit but how much piss can he drink- Bear Grylls
Bruh why Africa complains why don't they just do this 😒😫😫
#16 trending in indonesia.. i hope indonesian making content more like this rather than making useless hoax and unrespectful to eachother
You are no longer to give the people straw to make brick as previously; let them go and gather straw for themselves.-Exodus 5:7.
my mom always tells me to get off technology and enjoy nature. The thing is i am enjoying nature by using technology..
Www.gofundme.com/fundanna  please homies #fundanna please share. Take a moment to open your heart and read a story about someone so important to me and to so manny others. Let's get a taste of humanity if we all come together xo. Anything helps if we put our minds together. Please up like and share.
he made that by fapping and using his cum
2 years later how to make a attack helicopter
The only thing that is attached to him and not derived from primitive technology is his pants 😂
If no one skipped then I am shook😂
у нас пол планеты этим же занимается, просто у дикарей и дачников видеокамер с интернетом нет
Всё жду, когда он дойдет до полупроводников и транзисторов, чтобы собрать первый примитивный компьютер.
Ce mec est un génie
terre grise   de la  glease ont en retrouve près des cour d'eau au Québec
Böyle bi hayat istiyorum s*keyim şehirini
Questi sono i video che devono essere in tendenza! Lascia like se sei italiano!\n\n\n\n\n\nCancer level: Me contro Te
I'm impressed
russian?
https://youtu.be/wG-UK4dUMBU Cheers!
Fine ill watch this youtube
14,000,000 views = $14k
hej
hejsan
한국사람 손
LEH UGA NI ORANG. Wkwkwk.
Halo
yes
im not
Top view
10:39 tilted kiln
Keren... 👍👍
Trending first in Australia
Mine craft beta
Maincra?
Hello im from indonesia
Go on Survivor
Из говна и палок
Tbh you're kinda hot..
rust irl :L
14,000,000 in 3 days... WTF
Minecraft
เก่ง
Doton Doryuu Heki
Primitive Technology: Supreme Brick
Say what
Nice physique
leuke video ben je Nederlands ik hou van je video`s ik like al je video`s en ik ben geabonneerd
This boi be playing rust irl
what a rubbish ref & linesman btw.\nNo offside Negredo's goal.\nNo penalty to Besiktas.\nBesiktas coach get send off cause of talking rubbish to the refs that already rubbish.
pls Erdogan command ur military to assassinate this bullshit referee
Hats off to the ref.
I have to say, Red cards on last defender foul and rough tacle were OK. But Quaresma and Hutchinson second yellow card, no way.....
The real secret of magic lies in the performance (Chinese Boys)\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5uhUade4IM
Two years ago besiktas beat fener 3-2 where besiktas scored a goal which was offside and fenerbahce was not given a clear penalty. Refs making mistakes is a part of football. Bjk fans r making it a big deal because they haven’t beat fener at kadikoy for 14 years😂😂
SUBSCRIBE NOW TO OUR BRAND NEW FIFA 18 PACKS & GAMES CHANNEL!!! ===> http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcIZhdgYE1qrrj8YXcNZlPg
this league is shit.
Was it olympiacos with the yellow shirts?
The best team in Turkey for Fenerbahce
That ref is rather suspect at officiating. He needs to be retrained if this game is anything to go by.
Should have been two more pens. The one he gave should have been a free kick. The negredo goal should of stood. What a farce!
normally more yellow cards and red cards. Also he really whistled more for the home team!...
if second penalty is a penalty...better besiktas fans find his address and give some counselling.....refree was fcking brainless dick head
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
My vote for Besiktas coz it is Engin Akyurek's favorite team. Otherwise I dont know how this game is played and why everyone is running after the ball. Lolzz im not even Turkish...
This is why football is great
This referee its so bad, i think the referee is weak only in Brazil but is whole world.
That last red card sums up how soft football is getting , such a shame
lol that was really funny to watch
THIS REF MUST OF BEEN BRIBED BY FENE
Wow 😱 prob one of the worst refs ever shocking decisions
Man, the referee was fucking terrible. He'll be well suited to refereeing Premier League matches
Fenerbahces 2 penalties were correct but referee did lit of wrong things like he gave the fenerbahces penalties but he didnt gice besiktass penalties and he gave foul for no reason
Galatasaray gonna win the Turkish league this year
Fenerbahces 2 penalties were correct but referee did lit of wrong things like he gave the fenerbahces penalties but he didnt gice besiktass penalties and he gave foul for no reason
I love Turkish football however there are always complaints of refs getting paid
I see no fans like this in England all we do is 'yeah'  'nooo'  'goal' this is passion!
Most of red cards were fair and reasonable.
omg.this referee suck as hell.
Join, Or Die\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcXDjTvUC0Y
BABANIZ FENERBAHÇE AMK
what a disgrace
Sunt.v.serial valli
girl: 07463939291
I want a kebab!
Ref was obviously paid lol
ma quanto ruba il fenerbace
ref is so crazy😀
Kudurun aq tinercileri kudurun zırlayın
Subscribe to me pleaseeeeeee
Bu hakemin gotunu sikmek lazim tam bir orusbu cocugu tam bir rezalet böyle hatta olmaz hemen son verilmeli görevine
Macta fenerin 2.penatli haric yanliş karar yok.. Ikinci penanlti karari yanliş cünkü faul ceza sağasinin dişinda oluyor...
Fuck erodogan
The ref was horrible smh
😲
wtf is wrong the ref ??..
Beskitas got robbed
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | perfectdissertation.co.uk/
Que robo!
fenerbahçe
3:45 ONSIDE
*Besiktas*
Jeez turkish football is shit
http://teensearnbank.com/?ref=Arun123
Folk quickly rely truck segment shift quality sure clean training suspect.
Fuckin referee ruin the game totally.
Come to Besiktas
şikeci şerefsiz fener hakemi satın almış fenere kırmızı kart vermesinin nedeni şike yaptığını fark ettirmemeye çalışması !
negredo not offside
Hi can u pls subscribe to me plsssss
fuck fenerbahce
shit refree i think,
lol how can besiktas win against 12 men
Propa football
jesus fucking christ....
Microsoft Product Key\nhttp://microsoftactivatekey.cf/
😮😮😮
Fakeee 😏😏😒😒👎👎👎
Hakem tescilli o.ç. çıkmış
Not offside 😂
¿River Plate o Fenerbache?
Jesus christ
The pepe effect..
Besiktas will always be better
Come to Besiktas
555+ แดง แมร่งให้หมด
JIMNASTIK AGLAM A SAMPIYONLUK KUPASI GOTUNE GIRINCEE
SO WEIRD
Que robo para besiktas
fener bahçe şanslıydı naapalım beşiktaş elinden geleni yapmış yani ama 2 inci maç acı olucak fenerbahçeli kardeşlerim
Wer kommt auch von den Fußball Helden?
Bu ali palabiyiki hakem yapaninda a.... koyim onunda a.... koyim oc
Bunun burda ne işi var this is not in Turkish trends
Un robo del arbitro.
Dünyaya bizi rezil eden şerefsiz hakem palaremzi
عرفت الإتحاد من فين سارق اللبس😂😂😂
the referees in Turkey have always been on fuckbahces payroll this game proves it.....fuck fener fuck besiktas In Turkey it's GALATASARAY
Turkish monkeys in one video
nobody cares about inferior turks or inferior sport footbal. sport for  low class idiots. take it off trending.
Oruspu gavurlar quaresmanin karti dogru degilmi amk mallari
WHERE IS UEFA???  Fucking sold out Game this can't be serious every Time this shit club fenerbahce its a shame for football
Babbel \nNegredo\nQuaresema \nJansen\nSome serious rejects from European leagues
hahaha fuck you turkkish fukkers hows jeremain lens working out you bitchs
Some awful decisions. Fenerbahce did not deserve that
ref should have given himself a RED card...and served 3 match ban...lol   shocking
Jansen looks like he's learning to dive
Is this football or rugby?
hahaha Turkey League 👎
Everyone saying the ref helped fenerbahçe watch the whole match first and then comment plz
Where do you want to see Martyn riding next?!\n\nRemember to like and share this video! ⚡️ 🚲 💨💨💨💨
I just wanna say thank you, being in a wheelchair myself still adjusting to it and hating every minute of it because I struggle with it getting up curbs etc and hills the burning arms, seeing you do this has made me realise I need to push myself more to get some independence back. I am thankful of my partner who is ever so supporting.
This was nothing short of amazing! The ending really hit me hard man. Athlete Hell Yeah Brother!
I'm 43 years old and I almost cried with emotion when I saw this video! Martyn if you do not have a brother, Blake is surely the closest thing you'll ever get. You are two soul mates.
👍👍👍👍👍👍
respect guys !!!
Yeesss Martyn!!!!
Aston Martin
You Rock man!
https://goo.gl/6gL1uL
Martyn Ashton still outrides me.
WOW nice
So inspired.
Amazing and inspiring!!! Go Martyn!!! 😊🍻🚵🏁🏆
Trolls unite: 07463939291 for this scum bitch
Awesome! Just awesome!
Athlete? Pshhh...\n\n\n\n\nMore like BADASS
Stabil!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA.. such a cool video
Inspiring!
Epic. Well done Sir.
Legend!
Well done Martyn, fantastic.
what a legend!
Truly inspiring!
#4 on trending
Inspiring!
EPIC! The M.A.n!
Was my hero growing up now I'm all grown up he's still my hero! Will always remember getting my free shimano anorak off of you at fort Williams you said trust the one built like a brick sh@t house to get it! When you threw it into the crowd :) lol \nKeep on being great! And what fantastic friends you have!!
Super inspirational story about a great guy and his friends living the bike life!  (Almost shed a tear)
Total legend you are Martyn and hats of to you guys all making it possible . One thing I don't understand is all the dislikes ???
Primo watch, come and play in NZ at the  christchurch adventure park (when it reopens) and up in Kaiteriteri.
Inspiring! True hero with a great team of mates :D
Man... that is hands down the best mtb video I have seen in a while, you are the most positive guy ever surrounded by a great group of friends. It's incredible how you turned something that would destroy the attitude of a weaker person and made it positive and inspiring, and posted it on the Internet to share your experience, thanks man, you are the best.
This video honestly made me so happy 😄
Great vid Martyn \nLoved the rush for Adh \nrace day😂😂\nThe look on your faces\nInspiring stuff bud\nWell done
Poor guy a guy in a wheelchair can ride whistler
Can a mod remove all these bullshit replies before it gets out of hand?
Martyn you are awesome a real inspiration, thank you for what you do.
This put a smile on my face the whole time! I’m happy for you man, awesome stuff 🤘🏼🤘🏼
The most beautiful video on UTube \nGreat work, hero!!
Great video guys!!!! That is Brotherhood at its finest!!! GMBN, you guys ROCK!!!!
Amazing such an inspiration and wow amazing friends!
You still got that style ,looks like you're having so much fun!
Solid work, and serious props to you sir!  I want to know,  who the hell gives this video a thumbs down!!?  What is wrong with you people!?
Best video ever! Martyn you are a inspirasion for so many people!
I think that was one of the best videos you guys have made! Not only does it show the real hype of a such trip, but it was amazing to see Martyn riding.
I love this type of video, it works so well with your style 🚵🏼🏅
Thanks for sharing this Martyn. It's effing brilliant.
What place did Martin get
Literally the best thing i have watched. Ever. Better than Game of Thrones.
40 thumbs down...40 people who are jealous they don't have 1/40th the mountain bike handling skills that Martyn has. \n\nGo Martyn!!! Love the look of joy on your face....as my own face has tears of joy for you on my own. You're an inspiration!
The real secret of magic lies in the performance (Chinese Boys)\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5uhUade4IM
Absolute legend and inspiration thank you for everything you've done and keep doing for us!
Fantastic video.  What a great group of friends.  Can't wait to see your next ride !
Them haters always hating positive videos..whats wrong with u people disliking this vid..
The most inspirational thing I have ever seen! Well done team!
Such an inspirational video. Absolutely loved this!!
If any mountain biker doesn't watch this video and doesn't tear up a bit, then they need to reevaluate their priorities.  I watch a lot of mountain biking and downhill videos and this is probably the best, most poignant one I've ever seen.  Martyn, you are truly an Animal, and an inspiration to the enabled.  Huge kudos for your drive and positive attitude.  All the guys that helped with this effort are absolutely roles models for EVERYONE.  Huge kudos to them as well.  Keep up the great work and setting very high standards for us all.
@ 6:55  i had a little grit or dust, or something in my eye ...
I loved this. Top marks all round. Mates eh!!!!!!
my god man!!!! what a video. awesome
Martyn you are amazing! If i will sit in a wheelchare once i will look up to you and take you as an inspiration! I think every mountainbiker thinks you are an absolute legend, but  its  much  harder than it looks! Props to you man!!!!
Awesome. Massively enjoyed watching this and Martyn you couldn’t have summed it up any better than you did at the end. I look forward to what you have planned next.👌👍
Such an inspiration. Can you hack your seat with rails & dropper mechanism to allow fore/aft movement? #askgmbn
Martyn thanks for the inspiration
Great work everyone!  Pretty amazing the slow speed balance you have Martyn, especially seated on a heavy DH bike.  It would be impressive to see what you could do if you had the time and support to get out on that bike weekly.  It was amazing just seeing how much smoother you looked by the end of the week.  Cheers bud, keep it up!
First off, what an inspired video, well done Martyn and gang there! It got me thinking..I would like to ask Martyn if would be interested in a bike balancing device I made a while ago. I have a working prototype that allows anyone to balance their bike on the spot, meaning you don't have to put your foot down while standing still on your bike, it might open some doors for you (although you can still probably trackstand maybe)? If you're interested send me a msg via youtube through my channel, I would love to send you some info, to see if the device could be of some use to you.
This video restored my faith in humanity! Awesome!
Hey Martyn, have you tried to blip the throttle on your bike mid air to correct the nose down attitude? The torque applied to the rear wheel should pitch the front wheel up a bit. That's the theory anyway...
Unbelievable. What a man. An inspiration to us all
Martyn great video you've got some great mates around you, what's next?
I haven't seen a video that makes me want to go and shred with my mates more than this one, well done fantastic job and truly inspiring
This just makes me so happy to be apart of the mountain bike community martin you are a living inspiration to everyone who thinks they cant. I generally had a tears down my face and a smile from ear to ear well done your a legend
Incredible video…. Definitely one of the best GMBN videos ever…..It’s so inspirational, not only shows that the human spirit breaks any physical barrier, also shows the real friendship (a lot of respect for Blake and Doddy….great friends)……From now I will think twice before complaining about “issues” and limitations ...... you GMBN guys have transformed a regular YouTube channel in something else…so much better of course…!.......Muy bien hecho...saludos !
An inspirational character for sure!!!
Martin, you are an inspiration.
Cant put into words ! Mountainbikers are like a big family . Thats why its not just a trail and a bike its a way of life! Enjoy it as long as you can and ride safe ! Have a blast of a ride🤘🏼🤘🏼🤗😎
What a legend. Martyn you continue to amaze and inspire us mortals
Thanks Martyn and guys! Truly feel inspired by your positivity and friendships. You’re doing a lot of good for a lot people in more ways than just helping us become better riders!
I was almost paralyzed in a crash and you made me relize that you are so tough to keep up ur MTB! Respect and admiration all the way
40 b-bags no like!?\n\nWell done m8 (tell Doddy I'm a Kiwi, not an Ozzie).\nAn inspirational piece of video.\nHow often do you get to ride?\nPS - big ups to your m8's for caring/helping.
Lots and lots of love to the GMBN team for being such a wonderful lads, and Martyn, you're a LEGEND!!! Always breaking the boundaries of what can be made... HERO!!!
I hate it when my allergies act up and make eyes teary. :-) Not only inspirational, phenomenal, awesome to see Martyn but the video quality on this video is the best to date. Quality, content, etc. all great.\n\nMartyn - Not only are you humble and willing to show the great stuff but also the stuff that didn't go quite perfectly. but you are an athlete and you should never think differently., Watching you do some whips and jumps was just, well, Wow!. \n\nI am glad to have found GMBN and glad to know you are such an integral part of it. \n\nThank you all for the inspiration and great quality content you deliver literally each and every day.
You bloody legend Martyn! You are blessed to have so many AMAZING mates to help you out on the trails. I am in tears! You're an imspiration my friend and so are the rest of your crew!
One of the best video from GMBN...
Martyn, I love your positive attitude! You're such an inspiration.
This is super inspirational, absolute top bloke, and the bunch of mates.....sick, just such a sick vid!!!!
AWESOME, been watching you trial biking for years. You look even better on the trails, great to see you ripping it up with the pack. You got some guts to do that, top set of lads around you as well . 👍
How could anyone give this a thumbs down, I don't get it. Great show brother.
Testament to how good a rider Martyn is that he's still able to ride like this. And how good the engineers and friends are that can put together a setup that will allow it. Awesome!
Martyn is an inspiration to us all!! Keep up the good work and God speed!
That moment when Martyn can shred a trail 100x harder than you in his conditions
Incredible inspirational video. The scariest part for me though was your bed hair. It had more height than most of your jumps. Absolutely Epic Martyn you never fail to amaze with your drive, positivity....oh, and massive kahunas. #skillsdude
Ballsy - and what a great team you have too!
What a legendary video. Martin you looked awesome riding whistler 🙌🏻
Such a spectacular story. Somehow 30 people still had to dislike it, terrible.
I demand to know what that song from about 18:25 to the very end of the video is called.
So stoked for you dude, that was truly awesome!!
#GMBN I have never cried (Blake and Doody's smiles at Martyn's riding), punched the air & whooped (when Martyn hits that drop), and laughed (Martyn holding onto his wheelchair while Blake lifts him) so much at a video. This video is all that MTB is about! Love it!
Shouldn't let rapists and pedophiles work for Uber most of them can't even speak English
There are TWO Londons & Why it MATTERS\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl-DVgHVzgY
I'm more worried about the thousands of people that lost their jobs
Yeah they do not comply to the law ,
People are freaking out? Fuck off. It's called A TAXI? Yunno them black cabs people used before UBER came along. Half of them were rude anyway. Fucking foreign pricks.
So they should be banned.  Cheap ass service.  The drivers don't have the knowledge or passion for the position.  It's a vocation if you do it right.  Half of uber drivers can barely speak English so fuck em.  Go get a job at mc d's.  The drivers aren't qualified in nvq or neither do they have regular crb checks or medicals such as a drugs test.   Cheap ass service for cheap ass people.
Hi please can some people look at my channel
Hey women will get free rides and pleasure in black cabs in London... If you know what I mean
Black cabbies go through extensive checks and have to memorize every street in London for their license test. Uber is putting our iconic black cabbies out of pocket. Good riddance.
Uber is not the only taxi app available lyft , Addison Lee ,hailo and many more .
Thank fuck Über has lost it . Most of there driver are dirty smelly pedo Muslim. 👍🏼👍🏼 \nLove live the British London black cab driver 👍🏼🇬🇧👍🏼🇬🇧
Fuck uber I'd rather get raped on the bus
These drivers can work for their local cab company, so most jobs aren't lost. Customers can use other app to get taxis such as Kabbie to get a cab for a reasonable price.
It's about time!! I was a taxi driver. You either sign up and be an uber driver or lose out ... uber will put every taxi firm out of business and as a company they should have made certain changes to keep people safe and haven't. I hope they lose the right to do business in every town and city in the UK
Isn't there any private hires in London?  Ffs most taxis have apps now and did before we had Uber over here
They need to employ some female sexual predators other wise there just being sexist , or maybe just top less ones , just start a new company called Boober I'd be there biggest customer
Time to move to the city of England
At least it's better than Coby Persin picking up uber riders in a Bugatti
Probably because the government get more tax from black cabs I'm guessing?
Subscribe to me for an £10 gift card give away
London is a mess with traffic takes far too long, once it was better to walk than drive...
Wanna know why people are complaining?\n\nMost uber drivers shut up and drive
This is all down to Black Cab Drivers unable to deal with competition.  Black Cab Drivers have just lost the little credibility they were clinging on to.
The Law of Attraction Explained in Simple Terms >> https://www.facebook.com/LawofAttraction-115750282434006/app/208195102528120
Wow this is stupid, the dramatic music and everything smh it's Uber ffs just get a fucking cab with your first world issues, dickhead.
Uber is a bad company
There's many other minicab offices that will benefit from this
Search Youtube for Arcade City.  Just saying.
On another note I have tried to take many forms of transport in London and because I'm a panda they won't take me, so I just gallop, like a horse, so I won't look too suspicious. Would you like to come sightseeing around London with me? The one and only Cheeky Panda! Follow the link for the first episode in the series. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfMdXHOIH6I
👎This offends me as a vegan transgender hipster Native-American-Indo-Chinese hybrid alien agnostic-atheist German engineer who vapes fairtrade organic decaffeinated compressed and hydrated extra-protein soy breast milk on the regular and does Hindi Kama Sutra naked crossfit yoga 5 times per week. I'm also a nonbinary trigender genderqueer male feminist and identify myself as a pastafarian pansexual genderfluid Apache helicopter dog of mega multi alpha beta gamma delta omega combo god of hyper death who's in a polygamous polyamorous relationship to the chihuahua which helped me cross the border of Mexico because it hates Donald Trump. My dog also walks me to the park and doggy styles me, if you find that weird you're an ignorant arrogant homophobic gender-assuming globaphobic bloodthirsty gun-loving cisgender pansexual bestial sexist racist incestuous white-previlege misogynistic biased objectified raped privileged Nazi slave owner terrorist lesbian.
Didn't Londoners vote for labour control. It's just the labour way.
I've never used Uber- I'm 19 and much prefer traditional cabs. Same prices so...
Drunk students will be stranded I guess
If you're a student and you can afford a taxi period there's something wrong there
Hahaha long live the black cabs. Fuck you uber
Just take the bus.
London is my country.
Guys it's easy just use Wallington cars and couriers. They are actually a really good service
Britain is a failing country, the government basically own you.
Can we all just stfu about politics and get on? In real life you don't bite each other's heads of!
Uber is getting its arse kicked about time
Great news uber sneaking about not paying taxes all though the back door get a proper black cab
Who else is just relaxed knowing there not in London right now? 😥🙏
OMG GOD how are people going to get around now\n\n\n\n\nbecause humans never moved until Uber was made
Losing Uber is great news for London. Black Cabs are an institution and something we should all be proud of.
jesus christ people just get a car or bike if you can't afford it.
Good. The knowledge beats all.
Please help a brother reach 50 subs!
Uber hasn't paid any tax whilst operating in the U.K. What so ever! And they're being taken of the streets as they're a risk to health and safety after a growing number of rapes and sexual assaults, get a black cab, they're a lot safer, professional and English, black taxi prices are higher but that extra 3 quid ensures your safety around London
Just walk kids, it ain’t that far a few miles in 45 mins to save £30 by not taking a cab is ez
I love uber. This is absolute nonsense
i see the cancer is thriving in the comments
Its an APP? Why don't they just copy it & make it state run? Put all profits towards fixing the roads etc. Screw Uber's mega rich shareholders.
BUT I CAN STILL USE MY UBER APP
*Hey you! I have been working on my channel for almost 3 years now and i was wondering if maybe you could check out some of my videos, let me know how im doing, how far ive come etc*
Good when uber drivers trying to kill our police out side Buckingham palace. Rapes extortion etc.
Don't really care about the passengers, but think of all the people in london that have lost their jobs.
I watched TAXI Driver sat in the back of a TAXI whilst eating a TAXI bar once. Whilst a plane TAXIed on a nearby runway. All this typing is quite TAXIng
Uber drivers are not necessary in London due to excellent public transport.
Capitalism at its finest right here... oh wait
Wtf man uber has served me well all this time.. give back its license for fuck sake..
Pretty sure London was one of the only places in the U.K. Where you could use über. I live in Plymouth and know one uses it so either learn how to fucking drive or get a taxi lie everyone else
hope they get it back...that world be a slap in the face for the dreadful Mayor
So TfL says uber is not safe, London bus drivers are fucking crazy
Looks like we're gonna have to stick with Delta Taxis for now...
─────────────────────────▄▀▄  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  \n─────────────────────────█──█──█  \n─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  \n────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  \n────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  \n────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  \n────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  \n────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  \n──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  \n─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  \n▄█████████████────────────█─────█  \n██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  \n████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  \n██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  \n████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look Son!\n███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ A Stupid News Story That No One Cares About\n███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█   \n███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  \n███──────────────────█─────█────█  \n███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  \n████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  \n████────────██████────█────█────█  \n█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  \n██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█  \n██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  \n─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  \n─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  \n──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  \n──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  \n─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  \n▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  \n█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  \n█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  \n█────────▀█────█oh.......─█─────────██  \n█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  \n█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  \n█───────────────█──────────────█  \n█▄─────────────██──────────────█  \n─█▄────────────█───────────────█  \n──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  \n─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  \n─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█  \n─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
One word lyft
About fucking time
Loosing #uber
Trolls unite: 07463939291
#londonhasfallen
Madeintyo would not be proud.
Fuck uber.
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | perfectdissertation.co.uk/
uber drivers.......dirty immigrant raping scum that dont know where they are going.....good riddance
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO\nHOW AM I SUPPOSED ROLL SHUBZ
http://teensearnbank.com/?ref=buju
Uber's just waiting for driverless cars.
http://teensearnbank.com/?ref=Ysaru easy money
https://youtu.be/NfVcATLVGSI
We need Cabracadabra!
Shame man. These dumb prius drivers
ride the fucking taxi you anti-social pillocks
...OMG CHECK OUT NEW UBER VIDEO ....CRAZY....http://quainator.com/XR
well im safe i use Adisson Lee(pengting called uck queen...)
Great news
Ffs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oZ1vNNHYSU
Fags will have to walk, boo fucking hoo!
Hi
Hahahahahahaha. Get fucking rekt London. HAAAAAHHHAAAAAAAAAA!
Z riyfiugninb you,,,mother hibjh yyivm nyu. To. Vha
Fuck em, delayed sexual assault reporting, serious sexual assaults on women every fucking day, grey balling officials, 40 thousand extra cars in an already insanely congested, polluted capital, tax exemptions..........disrupted tech, just got disrupted.
SIGN THIS ONLINE PETITION TO SAVE OUR UBERS \nhttps://www.change.org/p/save-your-uber-in-london-saveyouruber\n\n\nLIKE THIS SO THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE SEE IT
To that retards last comment if you want to be safe move out of London living costs are cheaper and crime is lower its not the government's responsibility to make sure your safe everything you decide to go out and piss yourself so badly you can't walk at 3 in the morning grow up
London isn't London anymore its owned by foreign aliens
Now the Islamic state of london will have to ride their goats to the mosk instead
*This is why UK is trash. Theyre always so against capitalism and the free market. Reason why those Americans have made far more advancements than us fucking foreigners. These black cabs need to realize that we are in the modern age. Their jobs shouldnt last forever without any form of change or competition. Entrepreneurs are constantly creating things that will challenge somthing that has been so instilled in our lives that sooner or later, people just have to accept that fact that we must evolve and allow things to take its natural course.   You cant stop technology from further entering and changing our lives.*
lets all agree if your an indian live in india or if your a pakistani live in pakistan or a African live in africa or if your any think else fuck off to America
BLAME THE MUSLIMS THEY ARE TAKING KVER THE WORLD..!! Sadiq Khan mayor
#yiaybasic ate plain toast
#YAIYbasic wash my eyes with bleach
#YIAYbasic idk why dont you tell me john
Where's jack's cyoa
#YIAYbasic Tried to get on YIAY
Fapped to your hat #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic fap?
#YIAYbasic yaaaaaass
#YIAYbasic commenting on a YIAY video
#YIAYbasic nothing or sleeping
#YIAYbasic live
#YIAYbasic Breathing, just breathing..
responding to a yiay question #YIAYbasic
I looked at a pumpkin spice latte once #YIAYbasic
Did a basic bitch
Drink a bottle of windex
#YIAYbasic I once watched a guy named jacksfilms
Getting a French tip manicure
beating the meat #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic your mom
Pre school
#YIAYbasic Instagramed my mediocre meal.
Watch jacksfilms\n#YIAYbasic
Comment on this
Shit
#YIAYbasic I put pumpkin spice on a pumpkin
#YIAYbasic I once ate a bagel
#YIAYbasic My ex girlfriend ... up top!
#YIAYbasic watch tentacle hentai
#YIAYbasic never getting featured
Drink Starbucks #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic saying the phrase your doing great sweety
#YIAYbasic Taking a dump
#YiayBasic Throwing eggs at random stuffs
#YIAYbasic how to
drank water , heh jack
#YIAYbasic copying memes off the internet
#YIAYbasic got struck by lightning\n\n\nTwice
DRINK THREE CUPS OF COFFEEEEEE YAY STUDYING!!!! #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic diet cock
#YIAYbasic take a breath.
Lithium hydroxide
#YIAYbasic eat and sleep
Me me big boi
#YIAYbacis Gettin that PUMPKIN SPICE BABY!
Buying clearance pumpkin spice cookies during summer #YIAYBasic
#YIAYbasic your mom
I do a lot a white girls so.....
#YIAYbasic\nMade a meam with my own face in it
#YIAYbasic Leaving a comment on yiay, hoping that Jack would look at it even though I know it probably isn't going to happen.
#YIAYbasic has your mom been said before?
Making my own underground hentai series on Reddit
#YIAYbasic Watched every episode of YIAY in one sitting and prepping the noose before I see the next episode.
When I drew a line like a really wonky looking one and called it original and an abstract piece in art class :) Had to avoid detention somehow 😂
It’s weird, Jack’s been on trending more times than jake paul lately
i feel like jacksfilms makes videos for edgy teen who like to make jokes about edgy teens
YIAYbasic say yass after having a sip of starbucks. Then i proceded to use the voice i like to call typical white girl
#YIAYbasic\nhad a pH greater than 7
this is just sad
#YIAYBASIC The most basic thing I've ever done was watch a apple do absolutely nothing
Left a comment about Jack's forehead #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic well tye most basic thing I've done is this. AND TODAYS SPONSER IS.....
Once, I painted myself purple and become one with the lightning kachowski kind.\n#Yiaybasic
#YIAYbasic\nI subscribed then I unsubscribed because of the forehead and hairline
I had a fidget spinner ad before this
#YIAYbasic. I complained about a starbucks drink like a babyboomer...
When is the next time you’re collaborating with Toby? :)
#YIAYbasic Make a joke about how Jack is still in the closet, although we all know it's not just a joke.
#YIAYbasic   I’m sorry to admit this but I well I remembered the whole bee movie script.
#YIAYbasic The most basic thing I've ever done is floss
Hi Everyone, Please in Love Please Accept Jesus into Your Lives to get to Heaven. The Reason I say this My 9 Year Old Daughter Died in Sudden Car Crash so it's real for Me  to Tell About Jesus. He Loves Us. Got Jesus?
#yiaybasic meant to watch Gilmore girls but got it messed up with gossip girl, consequently watched 6 seasons of gossip girl
#YIAYbasic I was born. I know right, everyone does it! I just wish I was original.☹️
#YIAYbasic went to <inset sponser website> and got <insert sponsor product>
Existing is the most basic thing I've done. Unless if I make it complicated.
#YIAYbasic coming up with this comment
#yiaybasic I buy clothes that are to small for me
I became a 14 on the pH scale #YIAYbasic
This one time, I breathed.\n\nDefinitely the most basic thing I've ever done.\n\nDid I do that right ✅  YES!
You can't force a meme tell that to PPAP
I lived... that is pretty basic if you ask me
#YIAYbasic I ordered a Pumpkin Spice Latte at Starbucks and referred to it as a PSL
EATING #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic I lived.
Eating\nDrinking\nChoking\nDying \n#YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic created a basic meam
#yiaybasic stay home and eat chips
#YIAYbasic fap
#YIAYbasic being alive.
watching HowToBasic #YIAYbasic
#Yiaybasic listen to smash mouth
#yiaybasic didn't get featured on YIAY
#YIAYbasic Watch howtobasic
But john... i don't know HOW to basic #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic I tipped my fedora and said “M’lady”
. I would love for all of you come by our channel and check out our music😁
#YIAY dabbing in the middle of test but usually my friend dabs lower
#yiayyryayirybasic\nI make jokes about Jack's extremely large forehead.
#YIAYbasic the most basic thing I've done is basic basic basic and basically I basiced
#YAIYbasic @JacksFilms binge watching your videos for over 6 hours
where is her bedsheets from
Welcome to the funko pop family! 😊
Any small youtubers wanna support each other (say 8 if subbed to me) I'll sub back :-)
Cute cat you got there :)
Gabby, please please please get a dietitian, one that specialises in bariatric nutrition. Especially when you will start exercising again. You can't feel healthy and strong not eating enough nutrition. You need more protein too.. I am very concerned. Think about long term effects of being vitamin deficient too. I suffer from b12 deficiencies and am anemic too so I really can understand that feeling exhausted all the time..
you look soooo amazing in the shots where you have the glasses, the dark lip and the gray sweater!! you look stunning!! and i really think that you look better when you are paler! i think it suits you so much and looks beautiful with your dark hair
If u love Gabriella then sub to my channel
am I the only one who really really really wants to be gabbies friend? such a cool, nice, funny and sweet person, I need a gabs in my life
Wow what a pobox you're so lucky 💛💛💛
Unfortunately the calcium content in the cream cancels out the way you absorb the iron in the spinach :-(
Does anyone know where the peaches bed set is from!?
B12 deficiency is horrible. I have pernicious anemia as felt the same way for so long, i was faintly near daily, constantly tired, didn't want to eat or see anyone. It was pants. Hopefully if it is that you will start feeling better once you get the injections or tablets. They really perk you up!
My body can’t produce vitamin b12 or folate and I’d been struggling on and off for years and kept being given tablets. I had the worst case of it ever this year, and went from November 2016 until August 2017 having constant migraines and nausea to the point where I didn’t want to go out or face the world. So I went to the doctor’s again and I’m now on injections for the B12 every 3 months and they’re the best thing ever!!! I’m still on folate tablets too but honestly after the first 3 injections (you get once a week for three weeks to begin with) I felt so good. I still get tired every now and again and I know how shit it is, but once it gets treated it’s super easy to keep on top of. Hope you feel better soon!
Can I just be your family friend? Haha xx
Where did you get your grey jumper/top from 😍😍
You look so much better with no fake tan on. Lots of love 😙😙😙
I love the way you decorate/ design your rooms😍 I am in love with all your home style 😍😍😍xx
Seriously! How does stuff like this trend?
Kindly share how much  the stool was?
Gabs, have you gotten your blood sugar levels checked?  I know that you've looked into anemia as a cause of your ailments, but it sounds almost like hypoglycemia or diabetes...get well, love you!!
Hello from Azores Portugal its always very nice watch your videos. Lots of happiness for you🤓
@Gabriella Hey Gabs, a friend of mine who studies biology recently told me that chia seeds have way more iron in them, than spinach does. Maybe that would be a good alternative? And it's super convenient as your can just put some in soy yoghurt, in your drinks, etc. =)
Gabby i love your videos !!
You're gorgeous when you're pale!!
You got 7 on trending wooow
Gabs I honestly relate to your heart to heart.... I have been feeling super shattered. Before I started work I would have to have naps or go to bed before 9pm from doing nothing... now I am in full time employment and I honestly think its affecting my performance, I have no energy. I get home at 7 or 8pm and I am straight to bed. I am also severely anaemic and I have hypothyroidism which affects fatigue.... I finally have a blood test this week. I hope you feel better soon :)
i hope you get sorted at doctors soon, i have anemia and hypothyroid, it can be so debilitating! lots of well wishes xoxoxox
i hope you will be better gabi we love you !!!!!! xx
I love you and hope you keep feeling better and your videos are always so good and make me so happy x
Are your cats neutered? It might reduce the boy
Hi Gab! I was wondering where your grey jumper is from?? I love it :)
I've heard from quite a few people that although spinach is full of iron, it is also home to a chemical (or something) that prevents the iron being fully absorbed. Probably something to look into!
Could you link the glasses please?
Loved it!:) Glad youre vlogging more!:) \nPs can you do an update video on Bean ? I like the name Geremy fitted with him;)! Xxx
I look forward to the Marc Jacob palettes first impression. They look so gorgeous !
try cooking frozen spinach in unsweetened almond milk with a little garlic powder and salt & pepper. It's a really good substitute for creamed spinach! xxx
Have you stopped using uber? X
There are some Palm Leaf roller blinds in next sale that matches (near identical) your large art piece > Black Loreto Palm Leaf Print Roman Blind if you had 3 you could put up in living room windows.
Me 100% with my cats 😂 they are my babies
Love ya gabs but I'm not a cat lover at all. I always have to turn my phone away when u do your close ups and long pauses on your cats. That's how much I like your vlogs!
We have the same toothbrush !! 😂😂💞
Hi! I had the exact same problem as you! i feels really tired and felt sad all the time! And i fide out that I had a low iron level! I could't eat iron tablets som I went to the doctors and they gave me a shot filled with iron and now i feel much better!
I got the glasses video in my sub box!
I feel like gabby one of the only people who don't rip people off with her merch love you gabs❤️
Waaooo good
It breaks my heart to see you cry. Keep your beautiful head up , I love you ❤️
if you blend spinach up in a blender with frozen bananas and cocoa powder it tastes just like a chocolate milkshake and you can't taste the spinach - you should give it a try :)
This is the first time I've watched one of your vlogs & instantly love it!! Subscribed & taggin along for more of your vlogs :) !!! xx
8th on trending! WELL DONE GABS! \nThat's literally so amazing 🤗❤️
Hope you feel better soon dear!
I know you've been to the Drs and sorted a few things about but maybe you should consider having a roommate? Someone to support you and socialise with. I hate seeing you so upset because you don't deserve to be like that! You're an amazing person and when I watch your vids/vlogs I have a smile through the whole entire video!💖 Also, loving the Autumnal makeup look!❤️
The thing is you haven't actually donated the money for breast cancer from the ghd' s... you got sent them.
Hey gabs I had a question, why don't you drive?✨
I use to get called Velma as well and ugly Betty in high school it put me off wearing my glasses but you look so good in yours
O.M.G I can't believe that Gabby watches Sophie Louise's videos 😁 I'm shook💜
Hey gab, I was thinking maybe you could give Nelly one level of ur house and bean the other, so they both have their own territory. I would hate to see u seperated from bean!
Where is Gabby's fluffy chair from?
I'm glad you found out the reason you're so tired all time. I just came home from a 12-hour blood transfusion because I was severely anaemic too - my iron levels were around a quarter of what they should be and it got to the point where even just standing up wore me out. It's super stressful and scary but it feels so good once it starts getting sorted out and you'll start feeling a lot better emotionally and physically. I don't know if you'll see this or care at all and I don't mean to come across as condescending or know-it-all, but you're not alone and it gets better! Keep being amazing! <3
Anyone wanna help a small YouTuber out?! Currently have 23 amazing subbies ✌🏼😂 x
hey love! Where's your grey jumper from? It's gorgeoussss😍😍❤️
You're videos always brighten up my day :)
Do the yoga challenge
Hi gabbie I really feel for you maybe it's your B12 that is low or you are aneamic sorry for spelling but you know what I'm saying hope you feel better soon 💗💗
I love it when you add P.O Box hauls to your vlogs. It's one of my fav things to watch ❤❤ xx
if anyone know where she got the pot her brushes in as I love them ? please help
I had the same exact symptoms as you and the same exact diagnosis. It's horrible! I was a zombie for like 4 weeks.
i have pernicious anaemia and I feel like shit all the time. I get an injection every 8 weeks and feel ok for about a week but then I feel shit again. One doctor then diagnosed an underactive thyroid, put me on thyroxine and I started to feel normal. Then another doctor took me off it. I am so frustrated and tired so I feel your pain Gabs and hope you feel much better soon. I feel like women are not taken seriously with issues like this. xx
So sad to see you so upset over your health :( I just had some blood tests back cause I was feeling like you are, and I had bad iron, folate and B12 deficiency, along with some thyroid issues. They put me on iron tablets and i'm on an intensive course of B12 injections of 3 a week for 3 weeks and then one every 3 months. I had my first one yesterday and honestly I feel so much better already! Things will work out and I hope you feel better soon, I know how scary it is! xxxxx
Hi gabs, I hope you're okay it makes me so sad to see you upset I'm keeping up with your insta and snapchat and ovbs YouTube so keep us updated!!! Also I, really loving your jumper where is it from?? All my love xxxxx
Sorry about your anemia, i can sympathize as i had bad anemia too, below 7 whatever that is!! And i remember crying while at work ( dog training) i was so exhausted.. Hope you feel better soon.
That tap clip was really satisfying. I've watched it like 5 times 😂💗
23 mins of Gabby and a fleecy blanket... can life get any better i think not😂❤️
I'm doing 30 days of yoga too! I'm on day 15 so halfway there and really been enjoying it, hope you are too😊
bug said stfu
https://youtu.be/WKE9zZsYOgY
Major fall vibes 😊
Aww wow ❤️✨ looks awesome ✨
Small youtuber xoxo
<33
Your so pretty.
10 on trendinggggg
ERM GABBY WHAT ABOUT SHAGGY AND SCOOBY HOW RUDE
Love ur lip colour
Number 7 on trending!💓
#7 on trending right now💁🏻
💕💕💕💕💕💕
Gabby do you have depression? Mono? Fibromyalgia? Off thyroid levels?
Love it gabby x
GLAMBITION OFMBABAHDHD
23 minutes.. YES
Shopie Louise and gabby colab 💕💕💕😄😄
FAVVVV VLOGS!!!🙌🏽🙌🏽🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
This cunt has more money than sense and you retards fund this avarice
WHY IS THIS IN MY RECOMENDED?!
This bitch looks like she would be dirty
How much was your stool gabs? xxxx
Personally I don’t think it’s fair that you get to have two of the cutest cats ever 😍
GABB HELP I NEED TO FIND A GOLD CABINET WHERE IS YOURS FROM? THANKS ILY (Lol despriate)
All those stairs! I'd be dead.
Where is the pink fluffy chair that u were showing from xx
Cristiano is so much taller than Chris 00:02
If Ronaldo came to my mom would give home 10000 teas
Chris you are lit
RONALDO referenced Allen Iverson?!  Hahah that's sick!  I didnt think Ronaldo would know about him
I would cry Ronaldo is the best not messi
signing some boots to get 4 million people to see his new fragrance... priceless
I was sure it was a clickbait xD
I'd be so nervous omfg
Cristiano took one step towards the NBA Community referring to Allen Iverson and completely screwed up.\nHe repeated practice over and over 25 times to emphasise his work ethic\nSMH
I thought this was clickbait
I have the same bday as Ronaldo
Goat !! The king of tap ins and penalties 😆😆😆😆
Okay you did ronaldo when are you going to get messi on your channle
I hope Messi learns how to speak english soon
Why does he have a trash can named ronaldo sitting next to him?? Hmmmmm.....
your lucky youtuber I been a of cr7 for a long time havent even seen him once
Who ever subs to you I will sub back when I hit 75 or 80 subs . Like and comment when your done
I love your new video
5:19 when you're scoring goal my friend its always three
I'm Ronaldo's biggest fan
Cristiano Ronaldo looks like a guy who looks like Cristiano Ronaldo but isn't actually Cristiano Ronaldo.
Hi everyone subscribe to my YouTube channel and I'll sub back
The questions he is asking are so stupid hahaha
Why time??? ME with ronaldo! I will kick your ass if you talk about time! I mean me with the best player in the world
At first I thought this was clickbait… like I thought it was gonna be just chopping Ronaldo's reactions from interviews into his videos
Miniminter  would probably  get 9 cause the half line goal
LOL Ronaldo didn't understand what Iverson meant when he said we are talking about practice only some will know.
Leave a like for cr7 thanks
chris you should film with dude perfect
that was on my birthday
My jaw would've been dislocated if I ever saw Christiano Ronaldo. I would just stand there with my mouth open like dead inside.
I was so so nervous I don’t know why
You were so nervous omfggggg!!! I dont blame you one bit I doubt Id be able to say a single word in the same room as a legendary futballer lol
how much did they pay u
So cristiano describe your fragrance? \nCristiano: its a good one good smell \n😂😂
When you score a goal its always 3 some football fans don't understand that when calling Ronaldo a poacher for goals. Goals are all that matter people.
Spent 99% of the time just talking about yourself...
Only one question came to my mind, how the fuck did you put one leg over the other one while talking to Ronaldo, such a bad way to sit in front of him
Its actually wild that you have gone from YouTube videos in a small town to meeting multi millionaire superstars
Dude try to meet messi chris I don't like ronaldo
Hi pls sub to my channel it would help soo much
im happy for you chris!
I've liked Ronaldo ever since he done that homeless prank, he seems down to earth
If I asked a question I would say “can I have your phone number”?
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
When he talks portuguese he sad you are cool
This should be 1 on trending
He was about to give some tips for dribbling and than she just said that damn😡😡
chris has the same shoes as me
i stayed away from this for 4 days because i thought it was gonna be a bs video, sorry Chris for thinking you were like all the other FIFA YouTubers
how are you cris really!!!!!!
Ronaldo: The goalkeeper was your friend! \n\nChris: Yeah, yeah he was my friend..
Its weird, I think this is the first time I've heard him properly talk
Ronaldo is a hard interview because of the language barrier
5:57 nearly killed it with a dead handshake
Sub to my channel to be a big boy
i cant believe he got to see Ronaldo he must of been bare nervous!
everyone go check my new vid out, would really love it if u did\nREPLY
Oh ny God Chris I feel so jelous. I am so happy for you at the same time you've earned it through the hard work and time you've put in your YouTube channel to make it grow so big you  can make video with CR7 on it. 100% deserved. Good job man I'm proud of you.
Chris mate you need to bring back a new series i love it when u do them 🙏🏻🤞🏻
Omg Ronaldo i love Ronaldooo
Suuuuuuuuuuu
Fake
Messi is better :P
Yea I'd shit myself...
plz no cringe
Chris My Dick?
The thumbnail looks like click bait ahahahah
You are lucky
You should’ve had Messi boots haha
Awesome chris
Id rather meet koksal baba
Cal Looks exactly like Donkey Kong.
Fuck me dead mate, so fucking jealous! CR7 ❤️❤️❤️
“ goal is goal my friend”                  -Cristiano Ronaldo,\n2017
*Soccer
Imagine messing up on the handshake
Portugal caragoooo 🇵🇹
omg not clickbait
We talkin' bout practice
Class!
4:54 fodasse
amazing
soo geluss
Ronaldos comments in Portuguese were funny XD
#8trending
Messi Fans be like: TRIGGERED PJFSIGJDKGNMAFDJGJKAGHJGRKDTGSMGKTSKRLNHTSKJHKJKLTJSJHUTHNSRKL
How tf!!!!
bruh you look so calm wtf youre only meeting like one of the best players ever excluding messi
Chris your a legend
6:27 the guy on the right has the face of a horse
 The dribbling yes, the passing no  oh that accent tho ;)
I'm a Barca fan but I like Ronaldo not as a g f if u think I'm gay 😒
the shooting thing i dont think that  he is that good i mean hiis shot was a lucky one\n\neventually who am i to judge 😂!
If I ever meet Ronaldo first thing I would say is...\n\n\n\n\n\nOMG RONALDO CAN U SIGN MY SHIRT OMGMGKFKFKFKDKDKDKDKDKDKDKDKDKDKFKFFK IDKDKD
I would love to see him in person or watch a Portugal game in a stadium! Ronaldo is the best! Viva Portugal!⚽️🇵🇹
Chris in 6:05 i know you probably dont understando what was he sayins but i said that you were a cool guys, i know that because im purtuguese
Btw in the end hi said you as a coll guy and you have talent (in portuguese)
Who else would b nervous
Click Bait click Bait
Get a new style
My ears don’t deserve such good music
Added to my wedding playlist song... gosh it's super romantic
Damn i'm crying for no reason is that okay?😢😭
Definitely Ed Sheeran is a Legend of our generation!
How come there is 4K people who didn't like this ?
This is my cousin and his girlfriend's theme song. My cousin passed away from a motorcycle accident this month and won't ever be meeting his unborn child with his girlfriend, I can't help but tear up whenever I hear this song played...
Such a perfect song!! Love love love
Damn that really made me cry 😭\nEvery time I listen this song that make me miss her, need her in my arms 💝
too GOOD to forget
Hang on, so he just found someone, but they were kids when they first met? Hmm, this song is too wishy washy for me, starts off sounding like amazing grace too. Unconvincing.
Once again Your Lyrics are just Beautiful! Ed Sheeran That was absolutely Perfect.
If someone sang this for me with this much feelings....i would never leave him
It's a really good song.  But I have a strong gut feeling that this song was sampled from Eric Clapton's you look wonderful tonight. Both good songs .
i think i broked the reply bottom😂
Ed Sheeran keeps coming out with these good wedding songs
to whom she dedicate this song? She's very lucky..
Is anyone else watching this alone and have no one to relate this too cause they’re single asf cause same
I really wonder from now on in how many weddings will be the SONG! Another wonderful song!
Who's here before 10 million
I want a girlfriend
the people who dislike  the song do not have taste when it comes  to music
I want to fucking die now I hate memories
thumbnail look like it is referencing Bobby Caldwell
Such a beautiful song that is touching my heart <3
i come into tears when  i listen this and think about my crush at same class
Has a feel of - I Got A Girl Crush.
Literally, when I marry my girlfriend someday, this song will be playing at that wedding. Both me and my girlfriend love this song. It's so adorable, and yet so relate-able. It reminds me of the day my girlfriend and I confessed our love for one another. It was a star lit night and we were sitting in the grass outside. I'm going to remember this song always. It's really great. Thank you Ed, for such an amazing song. I love this song, and it's definitely in my top five most adorable songs I enjoy.
I FOUND A HEART
I created a channel just to say Divide for album of the year (and i'm definitely not writing this on every Divide video)
I've already listened more than 100 times...m just in love with this song
Let's just admit it - make the official video for it already. Genius. <3
Ed Sheeran is overrated\n\n*World War III commences*
I smile every single time I listen to this song ♥️ it's so sweet ☺️
He has done it again made me cry! <3 Thank you again Ed Shereen, for another beautifully written song! You're amazing!
This song feels like falling in love
Free replay button just in case\n0:00
Anyone have this on loop?
This song is perfect 👌👍
i want this song for mom & dad who are having their 39th anniversary  on friday 😊😍😍   love them both 😍 and i miss them every single day 😊😢
Dammit Ed... just dammit man working on the songs for me and my Fiancé’s wedding and then here you come with this gem, you sir are astounding
I’m speechless...this was just freaking beautiful !!!!
He's the best singer/songwriter ever. I love all the songs he made, it always relaxes me whenever I listen to it. Keep doing what you love, Ed. We'll always be here supporting you♡
Songs like this make me feel this kind of love. I'm single and just 14 but while listening to this song I'm in love with someone I haven't even met...yet
Every word is written from the heart. Can't wait to sing this at someone else's and/or my own wedding. Just saw you perform this in DC Ed. Thanks for the memories!
Playing it again and again.. this song is love!:)
I love this song! I can relate myself before I met him. I don't have any plans for my future. And now that I've found him, he gave my life direction. He loved every single imperfection of mine. \nTo the love of my life, I'll love you until the stars fall from the sky. 💖
Another perfect song by a perfect singer
I'm inlove with the song😍😍😭
He's so talented
This makes me wanna get married, and I'm not even in a relationship..
Destroying the Replay Button Many times😍😘😘😘\nDarling(Ed sheeran)!!You Sing Perfect😍😘😘😘
This song makes me wanna fall in love
*I have a remix of this song*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n😊
Anyone else here looking for real love at 18? So hard to find at this young age
Ed Sheehan has proved himself to be one of the greatest singer/songwriters of all time. Truly a great song that will tug on the heartstrings of everyone but especially people in love
so smooth i fell in love with this song
This song is perfect .. I would love for all of you come by our channel and check out our music😁
this is my favrouite song right now
perfect song
Replay mode
Joshlia brought me here! ❤️
❤️
I am teary eyed everytime I listen to this song. Whyyy Ed whyyyy
😍😚😗
🇵🇭🇵🇭💕
Perfect, indeed!!
I like song
s zz
Lovely
TAAAAAKKKEEEE ONNNN MEEEE\nTAAAAAKKKEEEE MEEEE ONNNN\nwhoops wrong video
Awesome
I LOVE YOUUUUUUUUUUU♥
I'm 😢...I'm scared ...I'm broken...
Google.com
Perfect ❤❤❤
destroy yhe the replay button guys. hhahaha
rip replay button this is perfect
Villian Luna
Is perfect💄
Perfect is perfect <3 This song is beutiful <3
0:17 wrong lyrics
lol
Cinematography 😍\nEd sheeran superrbb..
This beat sounds familiar...
Darling u look perfect tonight 😍😍😍❤️❤️
I almost cried
Who is English
so sweeeet...
Wow just wow!! Up!
Love from nepal😘😘
Is  it PERFECT
Awwwww that's two cute tooth brushes
Beautiful 💖
He is so stale.
Very very good song \nThis song reminds me of landscape of uk \nI wish he come to Japan again
would be better if the song was a tad faster. Not too bad at 1.25x
I think ED is in love......And song PERFECT is  PERFECT
I don't know why but this song sounds nostalgic. Reminded me of late 2000s
can someone please post the lyrics or tell me how they quit their job doing this one thing for only two hours a day??? LOL
My thoughts and it could be wrong... There is no musical motif... none that I find appealing anyway. The DS9 and Voyager themes have a great leitmotif. The TNG also has a good leitmotif. Where is the leitmotif? A melody? Feeling very ambivalent towards this new one...
Cool . . . but doesn't really feel like a proper Star Trek intro sequence to me.
LOVE!!!
Épico, abertura de série de responsa
This looks like something HBO made.
Just watched the first two episodes not bad at all I enjoyed it :-)
Interesting. I like it. \nNot what I was expecting, but then I wasn't sure what I was expecting.
What is this James Bond?
Na boa, que abertura GENIAL, incrível!
Se puderem, recomendo os colegas assistirem em uma televisão o vídeo, a abertura tem muito detalhe e muita textura, tem que ser em tela grande para ser aproveitada em todo seu potencial.
Isn't it a Fringe theme?
Feels more like greys anatomy than star trek
Le,mbra GAME OF THRONES, LEONARDO DA VINCI com futurismo.. gostei.
It's ok with me, it's not Russel Watson singing some dreary plop like on Enterprise
It's been a long road....
Looks great to me!
I love this show already. Just from this opening alone.
This has a very Westworld vibe to it. 😅
Pra quem está perguntando: Sim, essa é a abertura real lançada pelo twitter da série. Não tem os nomes dos atores/produtores/do Gene Roddenberry porque é uma versão clean feita pro marketing. No show mesmo isso vai estar tudo incluso.\n\nQue que eu penso dessa abertura: Os visuais são lindos e tão de parabéns, mas a música é muito silenciosa e genérica. Tirando as partes copiadas do tema da série original, não tem nada de interessante na música.
Está ainda sem os créditos...
This smells like Bryan Fuller.
SQUEEE!!!
Linda! Linda! Linda!
Uaaaaalll
very bad choice of colours for a space sci-fi intro. also, is it me or all the shows have started to have similar openings?
Can't say i like it.
is it just me or does it sound like a star trek antherm mixed with harry potter ??
looks like the House opening sequence
TOS, TNG, DS9 and Voyager had/have great openings, Enterprise was/is horrible, this is even worse!
Beautiful but feels more like a video game intro ... not particularly star trek. Also the intro music doesn't pull you in ... quite forgettable actually.  The intro music for next gen and voyager immediately pulled you in ... This is rather somber.
Cool intro but the musical score was incredibly Meh, so bland and flat.
It's been a long time... Getting from there to here...\n\nPart of me was waiting for it... Gotta be said.
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
was waiting for Jack Sparrow to show up with this song
I love the designing the ship part, but I feel that it should've transitioned into the actual ship and become the kind of star trek into which we've come to love (90s trek intros). The animations of the pops were odd to say the least and there aren't even names, it's just a blown out into trying to scream how TOS it is by showing phasers and communicators, it misses the point if you ask me. And wait, is that the empowered female with male name black ethnic first officer I see there? Yes it is, the original star trek was powerful by making everything normal, once you scream about something, the battle is lost, it isn't powerful. I don't even get how and why SJWs hate star trek, star trek is everything they stand for, they're just not able to see it because if they can fight and change something, they believe that they've done good work. Watch some TOS, or any star trek show, it is a great future where everyone gets on!
Were is the theme? its just a piece of music that meanders and goes no where.........
When the violins kick in at 0:30, it really reminds me of legend of zelda gerudo valley: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THdRs7grqhE&t=0m23s
Spent years watching Walking Dead impatiently waiting for the *insufferable* Sasha to die, just for her to suddenly turn up in the new Star Trek series? Nope, sorry, won't be watching. I know that's a totally unreasonable reason not to watch a show but I just cannot stand that actress.
A música não chama atenção mas o visual tá fantástico
What year is it set 2040??
totaly rubbish, so we look at a CAD bluerpint for a minute! terrible ! give me Oriville any day ! Star Trek has lost it.
The music is absolutely wonderful, but I'm not sold on the animation. If we had a traditional TNG/DS9/Voyager opening with the Discovery flying about in space with this tune in the background, it would be amazing.
what shit is this? this is the generic crap we get in a shit ton of shows, doing a Trek intro should be so easy, have the Discovery flying across space with a great, memorable, inspiring theme.
at the time of watching this video has been uploaded for 2 hours, has 972 views and is on the trending page........good job youtube.......good job
Where's the melody Taylor?
Please be good Please be good Please be good Please be good
So that’s it huh, we some kind of enterprise squad?
Well, at least it's not fate of the heart
Não sei o que pensar. É uma coisa lindíssima, mas totalmente inesperada para a serie. Sera mesmo a versao final / oficial?
Bom hj vou descobrir...se é a da série ou não.
Not bad at all. \nThough it's a bit Game of Thronesesque, I think.
Wrong pallete, space and yellow?
RUBBISH, FORGETTABLE, BLAND
Absolutely horrific!
Wow, that sucks
No. Just... no.
this is bad
Destiny 2?
Sério?! Mereceia mais impacto. Lembrou Dr. House
This must be fake as there's no actor's names and most crucially it doesn't say created by Gene Roddenberry
Faith of the Heart will no longer be the worst Star Trek theme.
Não deve ser essa a da série! Onde está o Based upon.... E na minha opinião faltou o espaço....é série no espaço ou não? Boa, mas poderia ser melhor, muito melhor.
You are jokeing, the music is arfull and to put a cartoon title sequence for a big budget show like this, is terrible I can't believe it they might as well just thrown up the name of the show and 10 seconds of music, this is not star trek how cheap, I bet there is moor crap in-store and to show a communicator an a phaser they make it look like a baby's show now trekkers will be laughed at.
It looks and feels like STD.
Just glad they didn't blow it like Enterprise!
Why on trending it has less views than the amount of subs he has
If tom edited this and made it cinematic it would rack in more views 🤑🤑
I've missed Tucker
While in Japan, you have to try A1 Kobe Beef - you will not regret it!
#5 on trending \ngood job
needs headphones, buys beats..... very niceee
#7 on trending?\n\nWHOOOP WHOOOP.
Tom this vid got to #6 trending
Hey your 6th on trending
This vid is trending :)
I hope u get nuked by rocket man
kyoto is better than tokyo for sightseeing
TOM! Dont use the rocky type of sand, buy the clumping kind. Personal experience tells me they dont like the other one
So i found this new site and its called.....?
fish sausage!
Tom! Come visit Okinawa while in Japan! Man would be great to finally be able to meet you.
Anyone noticed how soon as tom cut swearing from his vlogs hes now trending pretty much every vlog.. tbh if thats the case its well worth it
I WULU IF U NO HUW TO LIV IN TOKIYO
He remember Ron's watch?
Why is this on trending 😂
Tom...Bring Rons watch to South Africa
Damn number 9 on trending , congrats! <3
Love yaa
Literally I was Sat to the right of you and the television crew we interviewing someone behind me vista's osaka
He doesnt love steve anymore
Number6 trending boyzz
Sponsored by nestcam
king arthur was so shit
6 trending
Your number 6th on trending
Syncicate i live in romiley lol
I love FE!
Bakkaaa omai..!!
He has the same hoodie as meeeeeee!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
You needed the lamb sauce with that sausage.
What car did tony have
omgggggg the cat catch hahahahaha such a D A D !!!!!!!!
Got a television on the door it's advertisement
hell yeah tom!
I fell like you forgot to blur the number plate
Japan is 13 hours ahead 4 mr
Wow, we haven't seen him since episode 3.
Ffs me and a lot of people thought u meant Tokyo world festival
syndy I think you should make a modded optic
Yaaas the boys are back together!
Tom my dude 😎
nice your on trending
Oooooooooooo mate
#5 on trending
Still trending Tom, well done
I MADE IT TO THE COMMENTS!
I LIVE IN TOKYO!!
I'm in Japan!!!!!!! (Kyoto)
I just read your PO box.\nYoU lIvE iN hYdE?!? i LiVe In OlDhAm
you need to go to Hawaii with Rons watch. then fly to LA for a while
It's weird to see tom not wearing razer headphones, nice switch to beats though
Tom try getting another litter tray sometimes cats don't like to share
The event is in Birmingham in Coventry?  You do realise Birmingham isn't Coventry and vice versa.
#6 on trending list!! Wow
TECKER!!
I used to live in Japan and I feel like I'm going to have such nostalgia from watching this.
Buy another litterbox and see if that changes anything.\nI have 2 cats and 1 of them wouldnt poo/pee in a certain litterbox bc her sister uses it. so idk that might help
North koreas gonna bomb the shit out of you
Bj face required for trending video
I love the vlogs but could you stop putting the cats in every few minutes it just gets annoying
when you get on a plane do you warn your seatmates hey I'm going to be filming myself?
Yeahh your trending, fully deserved
Is it just me who had no idea gurdians of the galaxy vol 2 was already released? >0<
Why tf am i seeing so much hate rn?😂
Congrats on being 6th on trending
I was searching how to use tokyo subways, then I check to see whats trending and saw this, coincidence!!
Good for you!
5# trending WTF
Why is that person wearing a mask thing? 😂😂
Birmingham and Coventry are not the same place.
I hope the 1% that reads this will follow their dreams. My dream is to become a successful Youtuber
Are we going to ignore that he said he forgot his headphones and then is wearing beats a few cuts later😂😂😂
ENGLANDS MY CITY
HOW ABOUT RONS WATCH nvm
Waaaaooo
I can be your hero baby i can kiss away the pain oh yeah
Come to Finland!
Wait I would feel really akward talking to a phone day next to someone
Dude a drippy sausage? You deffo need to get a cream for that.
Please don’t do that, it’s nasty.
You look so much like James Franco in the caption!!
Well.........you can certainly tell the videos trending, the influx of idiotic trolls is off the charts. I would say ignore them, but you likely already do.
Whats the chances of me being in bruxelles airbport 2 hours before you and leaving when you arrive.... :(
Welcome to Asia Tom. :) Come to Singapore you will love the food here
do u ever go to USA Washington state??
Which airport did you go to in Tokyo as I went to Narita when I went to Japan like 2 years ago
“I made it...”like it is so hard to get there?
Great vlog the sausage looked horrible but it was hilarious let’s get this adventure started👍👌😎
This is 11th in trending 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 u derisive 1st
saw you at the shibuya crossing but I don't actually know who you are so I didn't care
The title would be more impressive if you had to fight ninjas to get there but OK
Just give that cat a mild beating :/ Cats are dicks and so you also have to be one from time to time.
9 on trending. Come onnnn!
No mean feat is it 'making to Tokyo not exactly climbing Everest is it...
To much of the wifey miss the old vlogs
Vai, Paulinho!
😂😂😂😂 *2 Own Goals Free Gifted Goals to Barcelona Lol* 😂😂😂😂 *_#EpicMatch_*
Vale que se dejen ganar por el Barça, pero que se metan los goles ya es demasiado descarado.
Visca \n Barça
Victoria a medio gas y líderes! Força Barça!
Que bien es estuvo Alex Vidal 💪💪💪
A pesar del gol en propia puerta, partidazo de Gorka Iraizoz
QUE GRANDE ES MI BARÇA! #LIDERES
VISCA BARCA 💙❤💙
Cadê os BR DOMINANDO SAPORRA
Y se burlaban de la goleada del barça en el estadi del sporting y ahora que decís ??? Verdad que es complicado ??
Fiesta del independentismo, que bien se lo pasarían toda esta gentuza, fue el Puigdemont, la forcadell y todos estos.
Bruhh allow the foreign comments below. DAT SECOND GOAL THOUGH!
The real highlight here is Ter Stegen
Uefalona can't wait till you collapse when Messi retires.
Будущий чемпион Жирона
A la liga catalana,cerdos!!.
El FC Barcelona volverá a GANARLO TODO... #tercertriplete en camino!!!
slimshady rakitic
👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽🔥🔥🔥🔥 https://www.ebay.com/i/122722058918
El pistoleros!
Barca
Visca Barça 😉❤
Que bien Barcelona. Visca Barca.
y ese guero  caga leche que sebe muy retrasado mental para hablar del fútbol y del barca be alo  Tullo joto a tomarte fotos parando la trompa y vestido de marica puta ardilla de mierda
https://chat.whatsapp.com/LESwPWcTf8NB33zlWJltHc
the great Barcelona
Barcelona najbolji klub
bajos barsa
Indians
Messi jogou nada.
por siempre barça 😍😍😍
*Estereogramas de riqueza.*\n*Matriz de la riqueza.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Compre un estereograma.*\n*Obtener 3 estereogramas como un regalo.*\n*Estereogramas a pedido.*\n*Estereogramas personalizados.*
GREAT~!
ちんKは痛い
1:06 autogol de Gorka I.
VISCA EL BARCA y VISCA EL CATALUNYA!
Visca Barça🇪🇸💯
Aquiiii é BR mano 😎🙅
like
FCB 17/18 ▶️ 1.° en LaLiga (18 Pts.)\n........................................................\n▶ [MS] Total de goles: *14*\n👤Messi: *12* | Supercopa (1), Liga (9), Champions (2)\n👤Suárez: *2* | Liga (2)\n.........................................................\n#BarçaDelAlma❤
Cataluña es España hay que dejar las estaladas en casa el día de partido o podéis ir s jugar en la liga catalana
Why this match felt so boring
Muy bueno Ter Stegen
VISCA BARCA❤💙
barça eres grande
Gilipollas!!!!
MESSI MELHOR DO MUNDO!!!
Movitar .4G tiene Precio.Y Es para TODOS .Para Ricos Y Pobres .Por Ley . igualdad General
Goles que no haces goles que te hacen girona
يا أحلى فريق بلعالم يا برشلونة
0:39 autogol
Plazacamacho .Cual es la Mejor Antena en HD .TDA .con menos Asesorios
free catalunya
Mi barcita te amooo😍 equipon
El girona es una m*erda de club , con una afición de m*erda,  con una historia  ...pues mas de m*erda todavia ...  que solo el city hará mantenerse en primera bastante$ años . Ojalá  pronto retornen a primera división  equipos históricos como el racing , el recre , el Zaragoza , y  hasta el Valladolid y el Oviedo . Sin contar que les tenga una odio inmenso hacia los dos últimos ...No hace falta mencionar al REAL SPORTING DE GIJÓN , que con 42 campañas en la élite ,15a posición en el ranking histórico y 24.400 abonados en segunda división , sobran las palabras . Yo no puedo hacer que mi equipo este en Europa o gane títulos ...( ni siquiera puedo hacer que se vayan los cerdos que nos han llevado hasta aqui , los Fernández ) eso lo hacen los directivos , el cuerpo técnico y las plantillas ... bueno y el dinero... pero lo que si puede hacer un aficionado como yo , es decir con la cabeza bien alta que estoy orgulloso de formar parte de la mejor , mas fiel y mas INCONDICIONAL aficion de España , la del REAL SPORTING DE GIJÓN . podrian ser honraos y cambiarse el nombre a city b o girona city cagon la virgen ,  aparte de dejar de intentar ensuciar la imagen de mi club , junto otros  clubes m*erda  , insinuando que amañamos partidos cuando estuvimos sin fichar y a punto de desaparecer por inmensas deudas , lógicamente al no saber aceptar que has subido o has descendido de manera consecuente a tus actos , e insinuando también , como no , que el CD LUGO debería haberse dejado ganar para subir vosotros . Nada joder,  que P*TA GIRONA !!!
A7\n\nCHAMPIONS :p
Que nervioso se puso Suárez al definir...  es un crack!!!
Barça rumo ao título temor da 17/18😉
Lamentable Iraizoz
hala barca
EL REINO DE LOS CIELOS SE HA ACERCADO, NUESTRO REY Y SEÑOR JESUS CRISTO REGRESA, ARREPIENTANSE DEL..,, PECADO Y CAMBIEN DE DIRECCIÓN SUS VIDAS\nTHE KINGDOM OF HEAVENS IS CLOSER, OUR KING AND LORD JESUS CHRIST RETURNS, REPENT OF SIN AND CHANGE YOUR WAY OF LIVING,,,..
QUE GRANDE ES MI BARÇA! #LIDERES 🔵🔴
1:09 inteligente Suarez, hace el engaño de querer rematar
LA MEN TA BLE
L. Suarez es buenisimo! un fuera de serie.
Vamos que igual sois unos dioses por ganar a un recién ascendido marcandose dos goles en propia y perdiendo ellos solos el partido
Como veían que el Barsa no marcaba tuvieron que meterse en propia.
The ball didn't touch the floor from the goal kick to when it went in the back of the net - superb stuff City!
Brill game boys Leeds Tuesday come on city 👍
HAHA CLASS!
How is this trending
Holy shitballs how the actual fuck is this trending
I'm a Chelsea fan but we'll done lads looking forward to seeing you in the premier league next year good luck with this  season though
Well done Cardiff
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Saw Cardiff city team at Manchester Hilton hotel!! What an honour!
We are a fucking disgrace the term football team should not even be uttered we deserve to be bounced out of the championship
Cardiff :)
A lot of empty pink seats......
I never thought that anything Cardiff City related would make it onto trending. Come on BlueBirds!!!🔵🐦
look at the kid at 1:33
SCFC⚫️⚪️
Sunderland where they belong.
Good game basically top need more goals , zohore isn't doing much though and need to bring more fans 643 is a lot but need hitting 900+
Went to my first Cardiff game last year at home to Wigan, fucking awful first match.
Trending... 805 views?
The chorus has become a a fitting song for Chesters passing, what we fans are saying.\n\nCan I get an encore, do you want more? (We want to see him again)\nCookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy\nSo for one last time I need y'all to roar (We want him to scream again)\nUh, uh, uh, uh, yeah! Now, what the hell are you waitin' for?\nAfter me, there shall be no more (no one can replace Chester) \nSo for one last time, make some noise (We really want to hear him scream again)
AAAAAAAYDLYDODYODYKTSKTSOYESTLYYSLYSYSLDYSYYSLSYSYLLDYLYDYDKDYKYDTSKSTKDTYOULYOFCOXYSTKTW I JUST GOT DONE CRYING FROM THE ONE MORE LIGHT MUSIC VIDEO.
Great tribute from a legend to a legend #RIPChester
I got SUPER emotional listening to this...I used to watch the music video over and over and over again on summer break ...it’s sooo crazy that Chester is not here
Respect to Jay for this. One of my favorite collabs of all time. Fearless and open minded .
one last time make some noise 😔
I'm not a Jay-z fan but this was cool...R.I.P Chester
Greatest crossover! Rock and Hip Hop
It was a great album
iconic yes, but i also heard a pretty loud backing track, so in that respect anybody could've sung it.
That goosebump at the start of the chorus though
Thumbs up if you graduate 2007 in high school. Best years✨✨✨
I loved this song when it first came out, respect to jay z
Collision course was the first cd I ever bought in my life. What an iconic performance to watch.
I love that he did this. ❤️
1st time rap made me cry
I'll never forget seeing them do this live, truly a life changing event.
A performance that Chester would have been so proud of. A great tribute.
R.I.P Chester we all will remember you
One of the reasons I still respect Jay Z as one of the few rappers that aren't shit.
who TF!! are these people who dislike such videos??
talk to someone you trust about your issues. Most of the time you will be glad you did. If you cant fix your own life, try to help someone elses
Something about this song man
Greatest to do it
So motherfye-uhh if you want this encore
Chester is turning in his grave .
Sends a chill down my spine listening to this
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Damnnnnn JAY!
Goat
😭
Classic! RIP CHESTER
THE 🐐!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
😭😭♥️
chester:(
Brooklyn Bitches
greatness
RIP Chester :(
👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼❤️❤️❤️❤️👆🏼👆🏼👆🏼👆🏼👆🏼👆🏼👆🏼👆🏼
Respekt Jay-Z!!!
RIP Chester
Thank you
Emotional.
Wow... Goosebumps
🔥💚♥💜💛💙
One last time...
Still legendary !
Good gesture from Jay-Z
Legendary
The emotions :(  ... Jay Z the true legend,R.I.P. Chester
I miss him so much.
Jay Z is definitely the best rapper of our generation
I always liked the jay z linkin park stuff. Made linkin park alot better
amazing, heard the original , Chester would be proud. linken park forever
The Jay-Z/Linkin Park album is the most legendary mashup album of all time
I am still struggling with Chesters suicide. the only song I can listen to without crying is hands held high. I went to two of their concerts the first one when I was six and the other was their second last concert in the O2 I just didn't expect this to happen he kept so many people alive but he tore himself apart doing it because it must have been hard singing about his past the only thing I have to remember them that is an object is a silver ring that they put into a competition that they did for a charity that supports people with depression after Chester took his life it hasn't arrived yet but hopefully it will soon. I have all of linkin park's albums and know most of their songs off by heart because the only music I listened to while growing up was linkin park. I started listening to them when I was three and still try to now but it is a lot harder. My one dream in life was to meet Chester but it didn't happen I always wanted a signed photo or an autograph of the whole band together. I introduced my friends to Linkin park and we talked about them every day. I found out he was dead on my last day of my school year which made me really sad through the whole summer holiday. I still haven't told my family how sad I was and I'm not planning to yet. My favourite clothes were my linkin park T-shirt and linkin park hat but I just can't wear them anymore. I still think of the band every day and I sincerely hope that no one else in the band decides to take their own lives because the effect of Chesters death has put the community into a depression and if someone else did this I think many fans might take their own lives which would shatter the community even more. I hope everyone who reads this makes the decision to carry on Chester and the rest of the bands reputation of being the best music there is let's keep the band alive. \nR.I.P Chester everyone in linkin parks fan Base misses you. Everyone must stay strong though and carry on with our lives every one has lost someone they looked up to here so your not alone he brought light in to my life he probably did the same for every one else here so if your really sad tell someone don't let it bottle up in side because it can have serious consequences. I hope linkin park see this so they can carry on passing on the message that we all miss him but we need to be strong.    \nThere have been many tributes to him and I hope that his legacy will live on through his band mates, Co workers, family, friends and fans \nWe all miss you Chester R.I.P\n  :( 😭
Collision Course '04 tour the live video of Encore/ Numb is something special. What was once, which shall never be again. Rest in Peace Chester Bennington.
Legends never die 💙 love you Chester, we'll never forget you
RESPECT! One of the best mashed up in the world!! Wish Chester singing along with Jay Z.. 😢
Listening to the original gives me goosebumps now, legendary
I remember seeing them both sing this live at the Milton Keynes Bowl, 🇬🇧  lots of respect
I'm not a die hard Jay z fan however what makes him greater than most artist today he doesn't need that anoyin back round music helping him his performance are always legend status not the greatest lyrical ability but his consistency is unmatched and his friendship with greatest rapper that ever lived
this is so good
he will be missed..
oh look the impartial  bbc is now affiliated to vevo.
Everyone I am an up-and-coming singer. Everyone please check out all of my singing videos on my channel. Everyone please subscribe
Damn the Ending was Hard AF! Or should I say #NUMB
ive been a linkin park fan from the beginning the news of Chester passing hit me the same as im sure it hit millions of other fans. numb/encore is one of my favs. jayz you done him and us proud that live lounge gave me goose bumps. Thankyou!!!!!!!!!
14 years and he still recites the lyrics like it was yesterday #flawless
got more respect for jay for doing this rip chester LP4LIFE
Chester is immortal...he'll forever live in our 💓
Always respected jay as an artist, but mad respect to him as a person now
It breaks my heart 😭😭😭😭😭
เยี่ยมจริงๆ เยี่ยมจริงๆ
Missing you chester😞😞😞
Sleep in  peace
Jay z ur a awesome dude!!! Peace
Честер жив!
Wow! This performance gave me goosebumps!!!!! 😢😢😢
Dope
😢😭
❤❤❤
respect ❤️👏🏼
👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼 Wake JZero
R.I.P MY LEGEND CHESTER
Shite
Im fuckin crying
Wow 👏👏
Most importantly R.i.p
beeaaaasst
Immense! Rest in paradise Chester
LEGENDARY😍
One last time?
goose bumps
R.I.P. Chester.
So beautiful. Fuck.
Legendary soul
/watch?v=S_7JJ6Trtr4
Rip chester bennigton
Why did he kill himself?
HI BICH(es)👋🏻🚨- 🐴🀆🗯💀STREAM HI BICH now at https://Atlantic.lnk.to/hibich 🏁
This song makes me wanna go to the sewers and go find Pennywise and eat him
Pedofiles are all over Hollywood.... this girl is destined to be the next victim...\n\nAnd don’t forget about the Jenner Girls who were groomed as well. \n\nhttp://www.eonline.com/news/248227/green-mile-actor-51-marries-16-year-old-aspiring-pop-singer-says-true-love-can-be-ageless
Why can't I just die already \nThis is why Kim Jung un wanna nuke us if you think about it he'd be doing us a favorite
I feel if she keeps up making songs she's going to get really big because she's really good
This song is terrible
The only thing good about this is the beat. She can't even pronounce shit. ORN CARS?!
Guess Kids bop changed a lot eh
This makes me mad how the hell are people liking this so called music.. when I'm not even recognized for being a talented drummer... smh...
This song makes me want to kill myself.
Dr Phil it’s more like dr Dre 😜😂
i want to drink some bleach
Aint gonna lie the second song fire
It's not bad.. I like it. Better than a lot of shit today
We did this... good job America.
Honestly i like her music
Does the beginning sound like Santa from sumo
Yah kno  she better than all ppl defined as a mumble rappers #seriously I understand every works she say and she has flow
Are we going to discuss her nails or nah??
Maybe Doctor Phil can come on her show soon.
She does know she isn't black right....... right?
Who's heard comedy shorts gamer diss on Danielle
at first glance i thought she was going to be executed... smh got my fucking hopes up
I bet she will be on pornhub by the age of 18 and by 25 be so used up infested with STDS drug abuse nobody will want to look at her.
This girl needs to go to a rehab or something. To think that she's only 14 disgust me. Gosh! who are responsible for producing her music?! They are probably adults and should know better. She must be mentally ill or something. Girl, you need to stop trying to be cool 'cause it's not cool.
YOU CANNOT RAP JUST STOP
Is this really what y'all are listening to now?  Man... Our future generations are screwed if this is actually considered music. Mumble rap oh man.
Now it she lit
I'm truly scared for our future generation....
She taking the lil pump flow
Again...why is she talking about herself in these songs?
This is so dumb it makes me think designer was actually good
So my brother Chris hydro can't get on but she got over a million vewis haha
Anyone see the double tongue pierce.....tbh i like These Heaux more
I swear if you got clout you can. Get signed
I want see her fighting Jake Paul
I'd rather listen to a washing machine ..
The camera turn is pretty cool
this is seriously fucking good! turn that shit up
Just to remind everyone we created this meme and it got out of hand now look she done got famous congrats
The music industry is dead
I might be 19 years old but I am ashamed of my generation not even music wise but for these bratty ass kids who don't appreciate nothing given to them😔😔
Why did Dr Phil have to do this...
To her defense, she's not half naked which is a plus......
This song live though 😂 and the beat hard. Y'all sleep.
I honestly really like her songs 👌🏻
R.I.P cash me out side girl
Still better than Chanel West Coast
Anyone notice sophie dossi doing flips in the back
When u got your period and you are agressive just like danielle :,D
This song makes me wanna  order a cheese burger with no cheese
Not a better love story than twlight
Omg who let getto Rebecca black out of the basement?.
who's ready for ww3
I'm not being rude but why do people hate her? I'm just curious. I'm sure people have an explainable reason for hating her but I wanna know why? \nIs it because of her fame or??\n(I am new lmao)
Who else saw a mime in the jurry stand
I will teach you how to spell.
I mean show me an other 14 years old girl that's in the rap game🔥🤷🏻‍♀️😂
the beat is good but like nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Apparently Dr. Phil is the new Birdman
This is supposed to be music? Why do people even like this trash, thats weak rapping at best and there's nothing to learn from this song. I applaud you tho, you made a song that teaches people to curse, like clap clap for you sweety you know how to say bad words. Its trash, just another trash song with nothing that stands out.
This bitch thinks she rich, I give her 2 years before she has no more money
This little girl took $uicideboys' way of music
I love this song and my fav part is\nWhite J's White Porsche White Wrist White Horse
Show us how to do your hair the top braid
This girl symbolises the moral decay of society I.e the dumbing down of youth! Absolutely awful! 🤦‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
This song makes me wanna prank call myself after stealing money from my own wallet.
rip music
This is already trending....Damn
Totally not auto tune
AIDS
Kim Jong please nuke us NOW.
Literally not music
She makes Whoaa Vicky sound talented
somebody get Kat stacks lil sister
Oh my god, Ronnie!
So litt gurl 🍑🍑🍑
Brb just gonna kms
Damnnn. Rebecca Black died her hair red?
This is. Pure. Pure. Garbage
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥Don't hate
way better than Malu😂😂😂
Tbh it’s lit 😫🔥
Is dis copy right
she bitin migos flow....beat go hard doe..plus she fine af
I got chlamidia watching this
Kills my ears
this actually goes hard
Danielle Bregoli = rap game William Hung
She lowkey sounds like Migos in Whachu Know...
Dislike before watching
Lil pump
Stop making stupid people famous.
These Heaux is BETTER
She had Kodak ghost write 😂😂
Danielle Broccoli
Your songs so freaking lit
This song makes me wanna rob my own house
White jays, white horse\nMore like white skin
This negativity in the comments 😐\n\nI don't agree with her attitude but I think she and her managers did an excellent job to use her momentum from the doctor Phil episode...\n\nHer songs are catchy and well produced and she has a unique voice for sure \n\nDon't forget she is really young... 12 years my junior and I was quite difficult and vulnerable at that time\n\nI really wish for her that she doesn't meet the wrong people at this very young age and that she has people caring for her and keeping her out of trouble.\n\nIf she can stay stable, she'll have a good start into her adult life. Let's face it: money IS important and she used her momentum wisely to already  earn some\n\nI just hope she can handle it when to limelight dwindles... careers in showbiz are like waves.\nThey are at a height... receed a bit...you have a pause and then a well planned comeback
Not fit and proper means they should stay banned,
If you want a decent service you pay a decent price.  You get what you pay for.  If Uber drivers want to be a taxi driver then do it.  If they think buying a uniform is expensive then try licensing a taxi and keeping it on the rd.  There's reasons laws are in place for taxi drivers and uber is just a cowboy outfit.  I wonder how many women have been actually attacked.  I bet a whole lot more than the bullshit media lets on.   It ain't safe if anyone can be an uber driver.  Theres a lot of seriously sick twisted fucks out there that thrive off pesting over women and this company gives them the platform to do it.  Result!
Latest figures show that Uber drivers are now responsible for one sex attack in London every week, with sexual assaults by Uber drivers skyrocketing by 50 per cent in just a single year.\nThis is undoubtedly connected to the fact that many of the drivers are from Muslim backgrounds, where “immodest” women are seen as easy prey. Many of the young women who hire Uber taxis late at night are drunk and in some cases scantily dressed.
what a load of shit, Fuck this country, I'm out. George Orwell is laughing at you all.
More than half of Uber drivers there are Muslim..no wonder
Is there another way ? \nMaybe a less greedy app to start with !
I think the tlf need to take a look in the mirror.
Got an uber ad before this vid, no one in India uses uber tho, we use our regional travelling services, and OLA, which is basically Indian UBER, but without any controversies.
Transport for london is experiencing massive losses so they basically decided to give Uber the big finger so everyone would run back to black cabs busses and trains. Really ... great work well done! 😒😒😒😒😒 one more annoyed Londoner
always showing the nice part of london( central london )  when in reality looks like a dump
I agree with TFL that they should be up to a standard set. But don’t want to see uber go, as it’s the most reasonable transport on a night out
From what I have seen on video it was the Muslim drivers? Is this bias news ignoring the problem or not?
Seems like Britains self grown black Cab service was going out of busssiness cuz of Uber so they had to do suttin about it 🤷🏽‍♀️
But islam is not a fit & proper religion
Uber is a fraud, a con, a scam and tries to suck and blow at the same time.  Dump this junk.  Only the driver and no one else should profit from rides.  Ubers software can be bought for $700 and replicate anything they do. There is no magic in matching a driver with a passenger.
What makes me laugh is all the comments like will have to get black cabs now who rip everybody off etc, none of the people making these comments have ever used black cabs before uber and wont after uber is gone so give it a rest, have you never heard of a minicab office? uber have only been in london a few years what do you think Londoners was doing before uber? minicab offices and black cabs were coexisting peacefully before uber arrived in it will just go back to that, another thing about 40,000 uber drivers face unemployment no they dont they will simply return back to the minicab offices and work from there. Believe it or not black cabs are actually fairly priced you would know this if you ever used them. Iv used both black cabs and minicabs and i support both, the only difference is a black cab driver is a fully qualified taxi driver and knows exactly were there going and the quickest way to get you there i got quoted £15 to go to my local hospital by a minicab firm and a black cab got me there for £14 at 3 in the morning. Theres many apps out there that you can download such as gett fixed taxi fares and alot more. P.S its not the end of the world.
good riddance, london taxi drivers actually have to memorize maps to get the job\nthey shouldnt have to lose their job to some neckbeard landwhale soccer mom who wants some extra cash to buy herself mcDs.
I kinda feel bad for some of the uber drivers that were in my service but I'm also glad black cab drivers are going to have more of their business back
I haven't used uber, but when sexual assault happens by drivers & they make it difficult for the government. Of course they would be banned. It's uber's fault
1 rape every 11 days, no valid dbs or medical checks, company pays no tax here, drivers picking up under false car insurance, good riddance
This is fantastic news! Yes, Uber is comparatively cheaper and more convenient than most London cabs but the company does not carry out thorough background checks on drivers & has a lacklustre approach to dealing with criminal offenses. So, this means that you are getting on a car with someone who could potentially harm you. I myself was a victim of verbal assualt by an Uber driver who threathened/swore at me only because I pointed out that he was taking a longer route, and when I complained to Uber about this all they did was refunded my fare and dismissed the case. This needs to change. They cannot be running a business making money off us customers and at the same time putting our lives at risk like that whilst taking zero responsibility for anything. It's high time TFL took action and I'm glad that they finally did.
I asked my Uber driver what he thought about this. \nHe pulled up in an empty street and sexualy harassed me lol
They are appalling drivers, they clog the roads, perform dangerous manoeuvres, speed everywhere. As much as it’s convenient its time the app and it’s drivers go.
Giving us more reason to not live in this shithole called UK...
Lol it's only cause tfl are not making money from there taxis
New cab coming October 2017 £56,000 not on the road, old cab was £38,000 plus 4 years to do the knowledge, blame LTC, the manufacturer, their the robbers not London cabbies. Most Uber cars under 10k.
I believe many of the Uber employees are black cab drivers also
All these Uber drivers who are saying we have no jobs, just go back to your country and stop raping women
This is bullshit. Black cabs charge too much. Make black cabs charge a fair amount.
Reading alot of the comments here, i find it disturbing that Londoners are prepared and willing to put their security and safety at risk for the sake of cheaper taxi fares. If a stranger in a car you've never seen before at a train station or airport was to approach you, tell you his name and age and that he would help you get home, alarm bells would be ringing in your head and thus tell the man to go away but put a taxi app on the phone and suddenly this stranger becomes OK, a person you can trust. Are Londoners truly that gullible?
Well Done Transport for London. Don't be frieghtened to stand up to big companies.
Feel sorry for the diver this happened is Austin and lots lost there jobs
Omg 😂  someone said '*how do I get around now?!! If I have to get a normal taxi I'm going throw a fit!!!*'  😂😂😂    I think that was a real person  😂
Black cabs > Uber\n\nOnly cheap tarts who are desperate to be raped use uber
What are the ex Rotherham taxi drivers going to do now for their pleasure.
Black cabs are overpriced. I've used one once and plan to never use one again.
Black cabs in London are WAYYYY too expensive and this smacks of a powerful lobby at work against passengers best interests.
Weirdos taxing strangers... was bound to fail.. i bet the drivers are all foreigners and rapists
Uber will stay and will win in the court! But the drivers will loose their jobs by 2020, once Uber introduces self driving cars.
London is shit anyways been twice it sucks. Better cities to visit in the UK.
if someone wants to pay another person to drive them somewhere that is their right, why does government have to get involved
Good. Protect black cabs.\n\nAnd feck the BBC - fake newsters.
Now people are going to jump into fake taxi by accident 😂😂😭😭
Lyft still is in London
Wait, we are the customers, why can't we do something about this? Theresa May kill TFL off now. Why do we even need this stupid agency? If there's a problem with the company, get a class action lawsuit (that is ALL you need, and some investigators - THAT'S IT), if the company is surcharging somehow or abusing its power, then do the same - prohibiting somebody is just screwing the rest of us while the black cabbies get to charge us through the roof because they don't want to actually work for their money.
uber got 20 million customers and 800k drivers and staff but their petition signed by 300k .
Islamic migrant uber drives rape and assault woman.  I think we know what the real problem is.
Comunist propaganda media BBC is happy that London dropped the license for Uber, what a surprise...
Peng Ting Call Maddison Come Jump In My Addison Lee, Because you can’t take Uber
Damnit I’ll be in London next month
fuck you england you pig ass country. you're bullshitting. you just want to exploit people for cash the same way uber does. black cab drivers can sexually assault as well.
Now the can work in supermarkets  they need trolley man's?
Comply or confiscate 10% of the company. Next non compliance take 30% of the company. Next non-compliance take 50% of the company and send in government representatives to work on their board. First job to sack the CEO.
Black cab nothing else ...but black cab is soul of london
Tfl just mad that they’ve not making enough ££ due to Uber being cheaper and more efficient. Just get better cabs and better rail service and you won’t be hated by the consumer...
There's both good and bad to this
The public transport (tube and buses) in London has to be buffed then, Uber was great for saving money but not great for emissions, if they can improve public transport then its a win win unless you're an uber driver
Losing too much money from cabs. Simple as that.
Good job by TFL...Uber do not play by the rules...It's a matter of preference though , some people like to be driven round on the cheap by a third world muslim sex offender who could not drive a carrot up a bulls arse and has not got proper hire and reward insurance , and some of us do not..
So the reason we can't have the cheap uber option is so we can protect expensive black cabs?
Get a bike! I Lived 5 years in London, never needed anything else.
I don't care London isn't even in Britain anymore
True cost of cheap price. Corporations that cut corners and do not abide by the law should be and must be punished.
Boo hoo. A tax dodging company with a multi-millionaire at the helm doesn't get the rub of the green for once.\nPersonally, I'd love to see them go out of business. They're basically a loan shark company. If you want to be a cab driver, apply for a licence, learn the knowledge and be a proper cab driver.
Fuck black cabs they over charge and con customers that's why people use uber because they are cheaper plus tfl say that black cabs are safer but there has been more sexual assaults by Cab/taxi drivers over the years and they say black cabs are safer my arse they are just as bad as each other
Uber had 32 allegations of sexual assault or rape, but there were 122 allegations of sexual assault and rape against black cab and other taxi companies in the UK last year. Why are they not renewing black cab's license? It's all about big money and influence. Black cab transports the Royal family staff and the owner has friends in high places. They're shutting down black cab's competitor, uber,  which is unfair trading practices and goes against free market principles. Competition helps the consumer by offering them lower prices.
I don't get this.....someone plz explain
Fuck tfl
MadeInTyo would not be proud.
Haha FUCK UBBER
Uber was a disgrace good riddance
Uber drivers where dodgey
911 = war with Iran \n\n\n\n\nUBER = war with Syria ?
Good
Uber is shit. Good riddance
Yes hahahahahaha
Uber rapes
BBC FAKE NEWS
Good
Fake taxi?
Well Shit
https://youtu.be/eTLf6mac5fo acid attack Stratford
Addison Lee must be delighted
Fuck off!!! Wtf?!
http://trumperssnewsfeed.com/index.php/2017/09/23/antifa-website-planning-nationwide-anarchy-on-november-4th-is-your-city-on-the-list-video/
Love it
Fuck uber
I liked Uber! Cheaper, better customer service and more accessible than other services AHEM black cabs. This is unfair! I hope they win the appeal!
a step backwards for london
In all honesty as a young person I hate this. Every other taxi service in England costs an absolute fortune especially on a Friday Saturday night out Uber has saved me countless times both financially and in emergencies calling regular taxis takes too long for them to arrive and they charge double what uber would charge I have lived in London all my life and the city is going down the toilet
The main reason behind the ban is the New CEO Dara Khosrowshahi. British people hate Middle East people and so is the CEO. Racism at it's peak.
You couldnt pay me to go to London
Surely no-one can possibly gain that much power to send 40,000 people into unemployment in such short notice!
So Uber are paying Youtube to put these stories on trending? There's 3 of them, come on. This really isn't a big deal. \nI would say it ucks for the immigrant Uber driver, cuz they will have to go back maybe but to be fair London seems a seperate community to the rest of England so maybe they can stay and just claim benefits like their wives probably do. \nLet's hope this gets sorted out, we wnt peoplpe from wherever working
fck TFL and Fck Black cabs mafia, scums and while you at it fck sadiq khan another crook
Someone at TFL just got a big brown envelope from the unions running the black cabs that rip us all off for double the price of UBER. So a win for the unions and the little guy gets F%$&ed again! :( and they wonder why the average guy thinks that organisations like TFL are just out of touch!
If the people over in the UK want to ride in uber taxis, they should be free to do so. If the women fear being raped by an uber driver, they will stop using their services and uber will go out of business due to lack of customers. From what I understand, there are actually less rapes and sexual assaults reported against uber drivers than there are with your black cab drivers. This shows it's all about money and power. Apparently the owner of black cab has influence with the government to shut down his competition that is offering a service at a lower price.
Most uber drivers are poor migrants from eastern europe and middle east, it makes sense to ban Uber so locals can do traditional cab jobs for higher pay.\n\nThis also reduce the number of jobs in that sector so the migrant workers can go back to their own country.
TFL are rubbish KEEP UBER
First off all....what about all these uber drivers...their jobs???
Yay some blond screaming about stupid phone, disliked
Love you!!!!
Nice glasses! 🕶️🤓
*Look wise they changed nothing.*
Girls should wear watches on their right wrist and men should wear watches on their left wrist. This is known over millennium
feels like I had this experience back in 2012, and even back then I was late to the party

ofz2cHLkiRI,

ofz2cHLkiRI,at least now I will be able to drop my phone in someone else's pad at their house, I think
What a scam i though it was a iphone 8 unboxing
How to cook cereal\n1 cup of cereal\n1 cup of milk\n1 cup of bowl
Go check out my music for vlogs no copy right music
You are so lucky you have apple each I want to have one
I bet you have nice vag.
God damn. Every time something big comes out in tech I have to be recommended this chick.
Yea but guess what your messages are green not blue!! 😂😂😂
I'm also left handed
I like that u like it but iPhone really sucks now a day
are you getting the iPhone 10
Left hand squad!  Where you at!!! 🙋🙋🙋🙋☺☺☺
Iphone 8 is different to the Iphone 7 because... um... 8 is higher than 7.\nNow give us you money.
She looks so cute with those glasses 😍😍
What a joke iphone 8 is as bad as this airheads videos stupid bitch
Does the apple watch conects to the iphone 6??
who actually likes this shit it's Apple's awful, overpriced products and here she is brainwashing everyone with her stupidity. and all her brain dead fans commenting down here gtfo
Can you review the new colors introduced? The rose red and olive green?
Justine, put one mat in one room and another in another. Ex: Mophie in your room and the other in the kitchen.
Any small youtubers wanna support each other (say 8 if subbed to me ) I will sub back :-)
I hopped of the plane without my Nintendo switch IJustine
yes! perfect apple watch 3 =) luv it.  what do you think about the lumiy lightblade lamp?  love the light and the charging port... better than buying a dock?
you trendy bitch!
Hi
Lovin it👍🏽💖🙌🏽✌️🏽
M'lady, you radiate pure beauty **tips fedora**
