so fuckin` cool
Traduscanla al español please
MORE MORE THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE
WoW True science fiction
hey!!!!  I want moreeee!!!!
FUCK UNREAL ENGINE!  AND FUCK FANBOYS!!!
We. Need. MOOORE!
Need a movie
we need more plz
wow
Dude wtf!!? This is awesome
Awesome...chilling work...i want MOREEE !!!
Damn Amazing\nI want more
wtf this shit?
Song Name at 4:10??
that ''no drink service'' line followed by the laugh was criiingeyyyy
I wanna work in that cute airstrip :)
Perfect use case for an electric plane!
The firefighters must be busy.
Kinda akward if your'e scared of heights
My friend? How many flight hours?
A Wes Anderson idea or short film turned into real life scenario.
As if! They need a new narrator
They should add an a380 😂\n\n\n\n\n\n.....
The story was interesting but that annoying narrator girl I could do without, including the painfully unfunny joke at the end.
How much does that cost
The pilot speaks just like merlin from Kingsman. I know for many of you thatbis very common but not for me haha.
That joke at the end with the tryhard cute laugh ruined the entire video for me. Seriously.
How can we find out who is on the videography and photography teams behind the Great Big Story videos? And how can someone possibly apply for an opportunity! Thank you for responding.
do you have to arrive at the airport 2 hours early before the flight?
Did it feel good though?
Are they members in any frequent flier program?
Aerodynamic of a brick
I think they should get an a380 and use that instead
I thought quickie(wink), was the fastest!!!
I should be studying
Clear to land?okok clear to land*everyone goes home*
Why don't you just train and swim across for that distance?
Taxiing this spend more fuel than flying
Hmmm yep yep yep... We should probably get an extra air marshal for this route... coz like.. security \n\nImagine losing your luggage on this flight haha
How boring is it to live there
When the Traffic control on the destination airport gives the ok to lift off...
As much as I hate being on a boat, I’d rather fly rather than be on a boat. I still hate flying, but it’s 80 seconds, so…yeah.
1:56   merlin is not dead   he become pilot after he being agent
I think Scott Manley lost a brother
Shame we couldn't have someone who can speak properly voice over this. I hate this kind of American accent.
there is no way to get an air accident. if there were. they can land quickly
Can't they just build a bridge or a port..?
Long lost family on this one
That's gotta suck for that pilot's flight hours. Imagine at his next job interview: You worked for 10 years and only got 50 flight hours?
Why even live there? its stupid.
The last word in every sentence ends with vocal fry. Weird. Only the last word.
Perfect situation for government cuts and firing each of those unionized non-working crew.  Imagine dedicated firefighting teams for this on the government payroll!  No wonder the UK is a third rate economy.
Where is the TSA!?! Not safe
Imagine the costs when they start using electric planes.
Aerodynamics of a bridge 😂😂😂
That laugh at the end was adorable!
Does he fill out the log books for every flight? \nAlso starting up that airplane takes longer than the flight lol.
It has the aerodynamics of a brick
I love Orkney! Didn't get to either of these islands on my one trip there, but Papa Westray has the oldest building in the U.K., dating to 3700 BC, so .I would love to see it some day. Maybe fly there from Westray!
Thats weird, I could have sworn normal boats were a thing.
whoever it is, that travels around to make these videos has the greatest job ever!
this is almost like a Wes Anderson movie
no drink service?! c'mon you millenials are so fucking whiney. ITS A ONE MINUTE FLIGHT
They should invest in gliders, it’s even more financially efficient
The most suspicious thing you can bring on an airplane is a parachute.
Why use a plane not a helicopter?
Is that a pilatus?
This is How Father Ted and company got to Craggy Isle
I thought Kegata to Apowo in Papua is the shortest?
Wow amazing place to go MGTOW ;) thanks for posting!
How people in the middle of nowhere can afford all of this?
I Used to live in orkney. I went to stenness primary school with 30 (!) pupils in the entire school. I never got to fly that flight though. Also, we don't normally fly, It gets pretty expensive for commuters so most people just get the ferry.
your mom is the shortest flight in the world
Years till savage Muslims blow up the flight? 5? 10?
If only there was a way to connect the islands together by means of concrete.....
I've been on an even shorter flight.\n\nIts called jumping.
Air controller ? Afraid that you might hit another plane in the air?
How much do tickets for the flight cost? I imagine it would be a bit more expensive than the ferry, right?
Bah.... The joke in Canada was that Air Canada was being criticized for investigating an international *_Windsor_*_ to _*_Detroit_* air route. The runway would have been longer than the required flight.
I live in Scotland
Man, i wanna visit this place...
Did Wes Anderson direct this episode?
The aesthetic of this video reminds me of a Wes Anderson film.
How much fuel per flight  does it use up
Nice job on being in CNN 10!
Should have included a continuous FPV of the whole flight.
Only to people with that accent this would make sense!
Looks like a Wes Anderson movie set lol
Please stop with the vocal fry
Nice vocal fry!!!
No drink service (moans)
Take the ferry bud
Massive engine cycles then !
Just jump
ddddrrraaaaggggg it out..........................
Holy vocal fry Batman!
4 fire fighters, 1 pilot, 2 traffic controller, 4 passenger 1,20 min. flight. fucking awesome!!
Omg it's Lancelot from kingsman
Independent Scotland.
Speedboat?
What happens if they overbook?
Wonder if theirs a layover?
Drink service lol
cutest air travel
Zombie Proof livin
wow
NICe
What happened to mama westray?
Just get a paramotor lol
Narrator sounds like an annoying brat
Colin McAllister? \nFather of Addie McAllister?
1:31\nSo... building bridges doesen't make sense, but 80 second flight does?\n\n*woah*
I'm getting moonrise kingdom vibes from this
Where's the refugees
This is why I love Celine, she's pure & good & has such a big heart that is brave, solid & consistent, giving and so much more!!\n\nIt's not about her talent, it's about how she touches humanity, and is able to really connect with us that sets her apart from the rest.\n\nIn the UK 🇬🇧 we have a monarchy, and they live a public life, but even my own queen has no comparison to Celine. There has been only one other woman in my lifetime , who I can say lived for people and touched them in her way; and that was of course the beautiful Diana Princess of Wales. \n\nCeline is not all about fashion, money, and blasting out note perfect rifts during concerts.  She gives back something far more significant that cannot be measured in $ £ € signs. \n\nShe gives something she will never get back that is far more Valuable and that is of course her time. Time is the most Valuable thing we can give anyone, it doesn't stop, we can't go back in time, and none of us know exactly how much of it we have.\n\nCeline does this because she WANTS to do it, not because she HAS too!! \n\nShe gives love, support and comfort; and shows solidarity, at a time when people are scared,  lost and hurting. \n\nIf we all took a leaf out of her book, and were able to love one stranger each, no one would be alone in this world.\n\n And if we give a little of our love away, it will sure make a difference every night and day, and if we hear the whisper of what the hearts trying to say, \n\nWe can sure make a difference, in some small, in some small way \n\nBravo once again Celine & thank you for everything you have done and continue to do for humanity, through your music and your ability to bring people together from all corners of the world.\n\nYou have always remained true to the people, your family and most importantly true to yourself and dear René. This is why we love you and this is why we have kept loving you for all of these years 💜\n\nI just wish there were more women like you and Princess Dianna in the here and now and in the further, when our time on this world has long been spent. \n\nI feel we all need too understand that the only thing that we can do to improve the future, is to take action NOW, we need to look after one another, love one another, and protect our children and teach them correctly and go back to older values of respect trust and strength. It all comes back to time though doesn't it?\n\nYou have one life, one chance to make a difference. And you have a choice! \n\nWhen your clock runs out how will you be remembered? \n\nAs someone who made a difference to humanity and looked after their community, family, friends and complete and utter strangers and give them the most expensive thing you own TIME!'
My name is Alex, I'm a producer for KTNV Channel 13 news in Las Vegas. May we have permission to use this video on our newscast?
You're an angel, Céline! I admire your generosity. I hope these families will be in peace. It was very sad what happened. The world needs more love, the world needs more people just like you. #VegasStrong 🙏❤
What an absolute sweetheart. A lovely woman. ❤️💕
#theshowmustgoon \nWe should to be strong ! We support family and we will help them. Thanks Celine Dion and team Celine to always being here to help the world.
<3 <3 <3 <3
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
I can't stop crying ...
we need more souls like Céline's on the World <3 God bless you.
Amen! This woman is an example. RIP beautiful souls🙏
The world need many Celines.\nYou are our always our inspiration every thay and ever way.\n\nLove you forever 💚❤
Celine is an angel❤❤
Such a great woman I love you Celine
She looks so much younger here for some reason.
Truly an angel ❤️
love love love
❤❤❤❤❤
Thank you celins
That was such a wonderful concert. You are an angel Cellin xx
Celine is a wonderful singer!\nA Beautiful Angel !💖
Class Act, more should follow her lead. So sweet, so concerned. Bless you
Should we be doing all this? This is what any suicide mass shooter wants. What he doesn't want is people just getting on with their lives. The more the media cover it, the more people get upset, the more psychos who hate society will want to do it.
YES,  The world need many Celines.
That confused man who did this horrible thing i believe as the bullet entered his head realized he fucked up.  To late
What a beautiful angel Celine is. God Bless you
USA got what it payed for. ISIS I mean. You gave them money you got shot
Excellent choice of words, spoken from the heart. There's nothing phony about this, I'm so sick of the hateful comments about this woman. Why would you seek out and spend time watching someone you hate? I've never been that bored. It's sad.
Amazing Celine your a angel truly. ❤️
Thank you for your generosity.  God bless you, Celine.
I admire and respect everything about this woman and I always have.
QUEEN OWN A PURE GOLD HEART💖💖💖  We Love You Queen Celine Dion
a genuine, heartfelt intro....God bless Las Vegas
Céline tu es toute une dame...
❤️❤️
Incredible. She is beyond awesome.
Belo gesto. Parabéns!!!
# All states strong
love my canadian woman....Bravo Céline !.......
Love you Celine.😊😊❤❤❤
beautiful speech!! #VegasStrong
A big heart!!!💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖😚😚😚😚😚😚😚😚
Poor guy's insane. I'm sure he'd say, how can i be insane when i don't even exist. And he's obviously severely depressed.
What does Jim Carrey say at 1:14:40 ?
Brilliant how Norm just rides the chaos without stifling it or letting it get out of control. Deceptively professional.
If there really is no Jim Carrey, then Jim Carrey wouldn't feel so compelled to tell people there's no Jim Carrey.
It feels like JC's we're all fart gas wafting over the face of the earth and nothing matters schtick is his way of dealing with celebrity. All the best to him but I hope that somewhere in there he can hear himself.
Norm puts Richard Pryor and Sam Kinison on a pedestal.  I don't think their stand up is all that good.  Yet he hates Bill Hicks who I think bites off Sam Kinison, but is way funnier.
Norm sets up Jim for so many jokes. Idk why, but he just doesn't want to to joke around anymore.
The thing that gets me about a lot of the hate for Jim Carrey here, and it is hate so maybe take a look at that people, is the hypocrisy of those who have an issue with his hyper always on persona who I am positive would be raving about Robin Williams genius for exactly the same traits....if he wasn't already a dead fat fuck of course.
Norm's looking great!  I wonder where one gets one of those cups!
Knocking shit off the table when the cell phones are out lol. I love it. Beautiful expression of the Times
It just occurred to me that 5,200 comments have been debating whether or not Jim Carrey is funny or sane or a decent person.  And 710,000 people watched this video already.  One week.  So, no matter how you feel personally, Jim Carrey has impacted a lot of us.  Cable Guy alone makes him a legend in my mind.  No other Norm show garnered the same hits in such a short time.  Not even close.  Carrey is a legend.  Let's not kill him too hard.
Oh look! It's Jim Carrey! Maybe he'll help!
Jim Carrey is the embodiment of an Alan Watts seminar. And I love it.
Jim seems like he read some philosophy 101 books, an intro to buddhism pamphlet and can't handle the fact that no one cares and we're here to see Norm as much as him
46:00 saw that coming. One you start looking into alchemy... smh. You start to see and about things a little differently. Then you add mathematics and religion and science and\n all that other stuff...it gets pretty wild.
No one sees my comments but those who like to watch, thanks for the bread crumbs.
Here's the otherside of the cup. You've heard the rumors.... hahaha I Spit out my coffee when Jim said that
My god this guy is unstoppable, a real force of nature. Norm and Carrey were funny too.
Can't believe he wouldn't let Jim tell his story, thanks for teaching what you could tell Jim!!
I feel a weird combo of enamoured and annoyed by Jim sometimes. I hope he comes through the existential turbulence thats splattering him all over the place.. awful manners here too..
i just think he doesn't care about comedy anymore, he should just focus on spirituality and he wont be so insane.
You could re title this video 3 homeless cokeheads and nobody would notice. 😂
This jim carrey guy seems like a real jerk
the rare triple take at 19:15, classic Norm
Oh my god i have never had so much trouble listening dude just can not talk
by far one of the best interviews ive seen
Love Jim. So happy that he's working his life and doing things that are healthy for him.  He's a good soul.
It's like...? Stop talking down to ppl just because you thought fame was greatness. Have some kids and stfu and teach this shit to your own family, Jim.
1:11:10 holy shit norm macdonald is a savage
Maybe I'm being optmistic, but is Carrey currently prepping for a new role as a Children's TV Star whose life is falling apart faster than he can cope?  He's always been the kind of guy who lets a role completely absorb him.  I'm not trying to absolve him of all his strange behaviours and ego-death speeches, but I also feel like a part of the act is him getting into character... I guess only time will tell, and even then, it may leave many mysteries uncovered.  Funny guy, tho.
this interview will go down in infamy
Jim does not have to prove anything anymore. It marked our childhood and will mark generations!
Jim seems like a really great guy. His head is so far up his own ass he came out the other side. I actually admire that. He is wrong about nothing matters. First off, matter comes from nothing. So nothing is more powerful than God. Nothing becomes matter and matter assembles itself into people. What people do matters because we are matter that came from nothing. One day we will return to nothing, but for now, we matter. Second, I dont believe in ME, either. I believe in I. I am that I am. We possess pure consciousness that just comes to us. We can call it the higher-self, guardian angel, a genius, soul, conscience, Krishna Consciousness, Buddha Consciousness, Jesus Christ, but we all just relate to it as I. This pure I allows itself to transform into every living creature. Our bodies and brains are made out of the same material. We are not different, except for how we express our soul, and that Will is also what causes physical changes. You are what you eat and are what you think you are. \nThats only one ego level. You also have a side you are unconscious of. Maybe that comes out, maybe it doesnt, for several lifetimes. Ego isnt actually bad. Its false ego that is bad. You must identify with the character you are assigned, your born given name, or else you will go into a depression. You have to identify with this body you inhabit and do what is best for that person or you wont feel good. Going farther into false ego is another danger. Where you stop identifying with the I, the higher-self and the body believes it is the source of consciousness, which it is not. The body is like the telephone line. The conversation is between the two people, not the wire itself that is alive. \n\nThis problem Jim is having is outlined in Carl Jung's: Relations Between the Ego and the Unconscious. So as wise and wonderful as Jim is, he has some difficult work ahead of him. When he says nothing matters, he is being completely selfish because he is saying, we dont matter to him. Only what matters to him matters. Many things do matter, such as passing on wisdom and knowledge to the next generation. We wont be here, but they will, so we need to preserve information and not let it get corrupt. Many people are in the business of altering history for their own benefit and that is a real issue that matters. What Jim is doing when he says nothing matters, is just saying he doesnt give a fuck and he is not going to do anything about. There is plenty that matters but he isnt going to help. I would respect him more if he just said that instead of bullshitting himself and everyone else. He still thinks being cutesy and deflecting can help bail him out of doing the real, gritty down to Earth work. Hes been through more than me, I know where hes coming from. Its interesting to watch. Hes full of shit though about himself, even if he is right about some things. I would like to punch him in the face to wake him up with a dose of reality though. Only because I love him.
Subtitles help, as Norm mumbles a lot.
Have Ojay Simpson on!\nThe Juice is Loose!
This is why LIL' Richard has been in hiding for most of his life.  We all know he partied when young but I've known him since a teen & he has been locked up in the house/hotel if not at a gig. He says I don't want the media to RUIN my legacy like they did w ELVIS (or they tried - Elvis still cool to me). This is a general comment to so many already saying Jim is guilty.  If he SOLD  her pills he could be partially responsible but if she steals from his home -- no way.  I don't think he would ever give that many pill bottles away. Trouble for him to replace.
A lot of negative comments, then again when isn’t the comment section a cesspool of hate. I actually enjoyed the video, Jim is just being himself. Watch it all the way through.
This was not in the least bit funny. This I don't exist bullshit is inconsistent, he's all over the show. I preferred, and agreed with the late Harry Dean Stanton's views on life and the past etc.\nStill, as long as Carrey is happy in what he's doing....... Good on him.
Overall, this was a very enjoyable watch. I never knew how much I wanted to see Norm Macdonald and Jim Carrey riff off of each other until I finally saw it. And I loved the Playboy mansion story. I laughed out loud many times. Now, for the part where I say: But...\n\nI've been a fan of Mr. Carrey since I was a 10-year-old in the mid-90s, but he comes off as a bit of blowhard when he talks about having no real sense of self, or a sense of himself as an individual being. He seems to be white-knuckling the idea of being merely a consciousness, stuck in a vessel to which he has little attachment. If it's all just a big bit--a la Joaquin Phoenix in whatever that movie was called (which Norm referenced, to his enduring credit)--then it is clearly terrific and will fool most everybody. But, if he truly considers himself to be genuine in his stated convictions, then it is my opinion that he seems delusional, inconsistent, and borderline fraudulent.\n\nPerhaps Mr. Carrey is merely starting out on some abstract path that I do not understand, and I am judging him too harshly for his imprecision in demonstrating and articulating his state of mind. Maybe he is stalwart in his convictions, but is having a hard time in eschewing a public persona as strong and iconic as his own. I do not, and cannot, know for sure.\n\nRegardless, I wish him and Norm the best of luck. I selfishly hope that I am able to enjoy their creative output for many, many years to come.
Jim is in need of food and sun. Comedy wasn't supposed to take you here, Jim. You're are far to good and observant to be like this.
Thanks Norm!! great episode......the great Jim is awesome. Im pretty sure he was there, although he may argue otherwise.
norm kept jim on the light side...mostly......not a bad interview.
Norm's slow extended joke delivery doesn't work with - no ego, I don't exist, nothing matters, manic, off-in-all-directions -  Carey. Something tells me that whatever philosophy Carey has adopted doesn't work well with his personality type. It's made him even more unpredictable and unstable than he already was. However, he does have some useful insights scattered in among the craziness.
To understand what Jim means be tantric sex (the true gnostic understanding) -- check out: https://sites.google.com/site/universalgnosticism/sexual-magic
didn't know he had a show I think of snl lmao, that's fucked up about Pryor upbringing
Well i hope Jim Carry gets forgotten
Red Skelton didn't erase himself or burn his old shows, that's an urban legend.
Great interview! Individual identity may very well be an illusion, but that doesn't mean it has to be noted every time the word you comes up!
I love all these guys.
Wow, that girl at 1:35 really hates her job... o_O XD
Also this is real entertainment educational original & comical.
Think how great Jim would be on Joe Rogan mann..
Who are you all to judge? None of us can understand what he’s gone through or what his feelings are.
This was an hour and 16 minutes of awesomeness. Love how Michael Sera was like a kid in a candy shop. The great Jim Carey!
who is this fat verison of liam neeson with a television show?
This is one of my favorite shows on youtube but you guys gotta work on the ad delivery it's like watching old people fuck, I mean just try a little harder maybe try and get your writers to come up with some jokes to go along with it they are just so drawn out and amateurish. I fucking love the show though.
How much longer is Jim Carey going to continue this bat shit behaviour?
Norm - you rock! Keep it up. No more sucking the media's d*ck - you're free!
if this guy was a poor odinary citizen, he would already be in a lunatic asylum. Cause he is famous and rich, everybody seems to pretend this is cool.
I hope Jim hasn’t watched this.
Norm AND Jim Carrey?! I can only cum so much guys...
HE IS TALKING ABOUT LEGAL FICTION!!!
Get Tom Cruise on the podcast!
Still hoping he is pulling a Joaquin Phoenix for his new movie.
All I got out of this is ka-kow
Jim has serious mental problems. To much money and free time thinking that he is going to die like the rest of us drives him nuts i think.
She's more virus than host. Wowza.
This guy just has ADHD and he's taken his Jim Carrey identity he developed too far. He's been the Jim Carrey he thought he was for way too long, and now after some suffering he realizes just how messed up that identity was, and realizes you just change all the time and you're not a fixed person for the rest of your life. He's just catching up with his true self that's all.
Hey Jim Carrey please read it, u know all people love you but like all living insane organism, people poisened u too. Keep calm and dont turn this marvelous state of meaningless people, close your heart and remember it u*re the best all the time and you are in real state of being superhuman because you care and understand and taught us lots of different person's perspective like children, animals,  homosexuels  !! You taught us being happy and make people happy and you gave us more than happiness, children who were growing with ure movies  thankful to you and me too thank God you live in this world and thank God with your power i didnt turn them. Long Live Jim i love you soooooooooooooo much !!
Despite all the talking over each other that was a fucking fantastic interview!
I thought he had STD and shit. Why's he passing the drink he had to other people?!
Norm makes h3h3 look like a professional while mentioning his sponsors. Norm is old head humor
@37:12 Michael Cera sighting!
Norm is just too funny.
Nice Roxy Music shirt!!
Random Michael Cera cameo lmao!
YOU HEARD RUMORS!!!!
Insufferable.
Get Ready. You Know
Best Podcast on YouTube!
1:01:35 best part
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVeZe3ITsWVeDv2OglE1CBA
'doing is happening' dumbest line ever?
lol Michael Cera
Get Eric Andre
no jokes?
Norm interrupts toooooo much
wtf just happened at 51:25 LOL!!!
20:55\n22:22\n22:34\n27:30\n36:20\n46:44\n47:31\n58:23\n1:00:35\n1:03:31\n1:04:09\n1:08:47\n1:10:45\n1:13:11\n\n... -_-
WHAT'S GHEE?
6:59 kudos for the Cure reference !
Angels and medulla liquid...Christ coming down and Santa...What the f*** are you talking about. Please let this be a joke! And please stop the I'm not a person thing M.Carrey: A = A: the law of identity. For a person having no identity you sure say I alot when you talk about you ; it's abstract, but it relates to a reality called a human being: one human being. Please let it be a big joke, pleeeaase. I can say that I'm ultimately all and be relatively right, but it's also a fact that I'm not all: I'm an individual responsible for my actions.
I hate that fucking asshole... jim is ok too
Wow Jim knows a lot about health and the brain.
Iit's pretty annoying to hear them talking over each other.  They're both used to being the funniest guy in the room.  They have both met their match here, and they don't know how to handle it, so they talk over each other...
Norm put Harry Anderson on Cheers instead of Night Court
https://gizmodo.com/bulletproof-coffee-debunking-the-hot-buttered-hype-1681321467 Norm is a comedic genius. Jim Carrey can be pretty funny. That said, a lot of their beliefs- Norm's ignorant, anti-science, anti-progress foolishness and Jim Carrey's laughable New Age hippie claptrap - are pathetic. Of the two, only Norm seems at least able to provide a balance  (i.e. hide his simplistic beliefs while still providing classic comedy), while Carrey has unfortunately gone down the deep end and sacrificed not only his comedic talents but his very reputation as a sane human.
I think 99% of watch these podcasts to see Normy more than any other person. HOWEVER... I would LOVE to see my fav (Norm Macdonald) and second fav (Brian Regan)  talk it out in their old gentlemen way. :) BR has a netflix special soon. Pppppppplease have him next?!? Here is a rare interview he just did. Norm could blow away any interviewer BR has ever had! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZDlEKRYQFk
Enjoy this. It's a pure, unadulterated genius who has scaled the highest levels of his art who now doesn't give a fuck about what anybody thinks of him. He's one of the greatest of all time. He can walk into any room anywhere and make every person in that room eat the shit coming out of his asshole and have them all rolling on the floor laughing in his wake. Nobody can touch him. All of you haters need to go outside and play hide and go fuck yourselves.
Whoa Jim seems like he's in a dark dark place. He seems to be in this deeply nihilistic place.
To help more dogs like Lena find their forever home, you can support the Takis Shelter: http://thedo.do/takis.
There is a special place in heaven for the man who saved him. A special place in hell for the ppl who did this to him. He was on deaths door and he saved him I teared up that was hard to see how starved he was.
God bless you all, you deserve all the happiness and support.
I'm never glad to see a dog's bones showing through its skin, but seeing it get treated and turn out healthy makes me cry tears of joy.
Whoever left a thumbs down, you really suck. This made me and pretty much everyone else here so happy to see how this starving and scared and hostile dog was abandoned and wanted it all to end, but then a nice person went up to the dog and gained her trust, then fed her and loved her and played with her to get her back to health and got her a forever home.\n\nWhoever disliked this video, you disgust me.
God bless this man and his dog!
I can never watch these videos because every single one makes me cry 😢
It's unfortunate that if she'd done this in the USA she would've been euthanized. I hate being american. :(
God Bless People like this
the power of .... Love.
What is it about this beautiful video that made people give it the thumbs down??....So happy for that poor dog. Much respect to the Shelter
:) love u people who are. Saver
Thank you so much for saving all of those animals!
is it a boy or a girl cause i swear i saw a weaner
Now she is a fully functional pupper
Awww,im so proud of him and i also cryid its sad 😢
No dog is bad. As you can see, after being shown affection she became friendly.
I think she’s the same breed as my dog Jenna. Same fur colors too, she has to b a mixed breed
The poor baby :( 😭❤️❤️ love u Lena u have a beautiful name and you are beautiful, animals and human beings in your situation deserve so much more! We only see what we could have that we don’t - us humans don’t realise how lucky we are to have a roof over our heads, a phone, food to eat, water to drink, and clothes to wear. #SPREADLOVE
I love wheb real people have really big hearts
We found a flat coated retriever on the streets starved and afraid you could even see her ribs she was so thin, I got her a bowl of water and some turkey slices she was afraid at first but took it so i started to pet her and gave her more her tail started wagging and she jumped on me we took her home its been 4 years now and shes a completely different dog happy playful and she loves my little boy hes a year and a half.
I love people when they help animals
I'm this type of person. My family always yells at me for trying to help the animals around me... yet, I never really get injured by any animal.
Now this is some extreme crap \n*LOOK AT HIM!* \nHes a survivor \nHis name shoild be bone or skele
how cute is he
Before:thin\nAfter: T H I C C
Now that's a REAL dog - half dead but STILL ferocious and spirited. Nice.
Good people make this world beautiful.
i like her better when she was starving...had more bite to personality.
The Philippines are full of those dogs. Wish I was able to help them all. Bless you Sir
First that dog is scared and starving now a strong loving dog
I literally cried tears of happiness
What a transformation.  Shows you what love & the right attention can do.  Thanks!  😊
Im glad my animals have never known starvation or abuse i built my YouTube channel to be all about my exotic pets.
Grey Hounds are Beautiful & loyal dogs, so Horrible to chain & starve a dog. Happy ending Thank You very much.
thank you so much for what you did for her ,iam glad you have a good heart,i am glad you didnt give up ,,god bless you
Why on earth do I keep on watching these videos when they make me cry so much! But I love that animals are rescued
Guys hope for paws does the same thing
Y did people dislike this
SHE IS SO PRETTY
Let the people who did this burn in hell.
Wow, nice story, heartbreaking beginning, but such a happy ending!
Awww what a poor dog doing outside how sad:(
I'm afraid the she has a sevear case of good girl syndrome
Look at the bones
Omg this is gonna make me cry! 😭😅😫😪
Why does this remind me of lookism...
Looks like a wild dog
Im sad not about this im sad about the dodo.not rescuing birds parrots
Beautiful girl have a great life and well done rescuers
What are angels if they are not people like Lena's rescuer?! I salute you.. our world would be heaven if everyone was a true human being like you sir! God bless you and beautiful Lena.. Animals are our friends and the definition of unconditional love ❤ sometimes I feel we don't deserve them..
Thank you for giving her a chance to live.
Greyhound dog is so playful and love to play with his friend and jump i have a greyhound dog too she is so fast
Amazing and beautiful story. Her transformation is so inspiring!
They're some dogs near where I live. I never see anyone one hope but I can see they're ribs. What do I do. My mom not gonna care But I do
Thank you for helping this pup to live and trust again.
Dogs are too pure for this world
Such a beautiful story and dog. <3
She looks so different
IM NOT CRYING, YOU'RE CRYING!
Its awful when people abandon their dogs. Unbelievable to be the same species as them.\nIts incredible when that same species finds these unfortunate dogs and take them in and care for them.
That so cute this video is soo heart warming
Some say that humans are gifted because of the things we can build. We are gifted because of our power to heal the wounds that others create.
Why do people thumb down videos ?
God bless you. . Lena is so cute ..she loves unconditional..you done a fantastic job.
it is outrageous that someone could see  this dog and not do something to help it.   You don't have to be an animal lover to just do the right thing and  if you can't rescue her, find someone who can.    This sickens me!
She is so pretty
SHE'S TOO MUCH OF A GOOD GIRL
Maybe she thought the person would hurt her, but I'm glad she's happy now
Aww. Just a little love and kindness can make a big difference. Love the dog.
You're an Angel. God bless you for what you did. They can't help themselves innocent creatures. May blessings rain down on you. You're one in a million. Thank you for caring and changing this animals life and mine. So many bad things in this cruel world. Good to see some good.☺😊
Shame all humans can't be as forgiving.
0:27\n*Jumpscare*\nI frikin died\nBut atleast this poor pup got better
God bless this man.
GOOD JOB, THANK YOU    OCT 9 2017
good people r everywhere god bless u😇
:)
谢谢你
Omg 😍
Thank you sir god bless you
Did anyone else flinch at 0:25?
awesome......
Good job! God bless!
dam humans
Someone cutting onions again damn it!!😪😪
Wonderful, wonderful! You GO Man!! :-)
Omygshhhhh 😢👉💗But her outcome thank God
😢😭😢😭
:,).
this is priceless.
😭😭
Awwwww is she is
Good man
Excite doggo
So cute I cried 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
nice my dude.
Cool video!!
#sTOpDoGAbUSe
She’ll soon get spoiled, she’ll soon get spoiled.....
Oh is cute<3
queen
Wow, I don't hear this kind of music for a long time, thanks you so much K.
Knew I’d love this song
this reaffirms that I am, indeed, bi.
Her voice is so calming I love it 🏳️‍🌈
it's so soft and cute i love this
this increased my gay by like 300% thx mom
a bisexual legend i love lani
in love, kehlani is amazing tf 🌼🌼
I like my girls just like I like my honey; sweet\nA little selfish\nI like my women like I like my money; green\nA little jealous\n‘Cause I’m a beautiful wreck\nA colorful mess, but I’m funny\nOh, I’m a heartbreak vet\nWith a stone-cold neck, yeah, I’m charming\n\n\nAll the pretty girls in the world\nBut I’m in this space with you\nColored out the line\nI came to find, my fire was fate with you\nHeartache would stay with you\nFly great escapes with you\n[Verse]\nI countdown to the clock, saw you awake\nDon’t walk away, or would you wait for me?\nI go out to the bar, fuck hangin’ with the stars\nDon’t even have a car, but you would wait for me\n\nAll, all, all, all the pretty girls in the world\nAll the pretty girls in the world\nBut I’m in this space with you\nColored out the line\nI came to find, my fire was fate with you\nMy heartache would stay with you\nEscape with you\n\nChorus\n\nBridge\nLa-la-la-la-la-la-la\nDo-do-do do-do\nDo-do-do do-do\nDo-do-do do-do\nDa-da-da da-da\nDo-do-do do-do\n\nOutro\nIs it love all we need? Is it love?\nDo-do-do do-do\nTo be the same prophesy? Is it love?\nDo-do-do do-do\nDo-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti, is it love?\nDo-do-do do-do\nLove, do-do-do do-do
Try the speed at 1.25👌🏾
I've listened to this at least 5 times everyday since it came out. <3 <3
😍😍😍😍 this is so pure and magical
I love how the vibes of this song just screams how she feels in her relationship rn ❤️
OMG.....Fell in love itch her all over again 😫😍
Hold up a sec, is she gay?
This is gay af n I love it 🏳️‍🌈
my little gay heart has exploded
I HOPE MY LUCKY SOMEONE THINKS OF THIS SONG EVERY TIME THEY THINK ABOUT ME 🤧
She sounds like tori kelly in here
Why is so beautiful?? 💖
so sweet kehlani. this song is so adorable! <3
I came here from Bretman Rock’s snapchat!
Nice change of pace this is like my 20th time listening to it since it came out lol
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ I would luv to make her my girl any day
I'm absolutely in love with this song
my ears are now clean
This is pure art. Love it K keep it up 🔥✍
I'm a guy and all I can say is, forget men. Get you a Kehlani
my heart is tumbling to this song
when i thought i couldnt love her more than i already do omgggg
i'm straight but this song goood 💛 and Kehlani's makeup slayin 🔥💓
I LOVE how her voice is so versatile in music genre...She has this, brassy voice swag in Distraction.And she completely switches it up with this one, by singing delicately, like a flower.
There's a few songs I can actually feel nowadays...this hits my soul
i know this song is based on girls but man oh man this reminds me of my ex who is a guy , is that weird ? ☹️
The guitar sounds like the guitar from robin thicke lost without you but in a different key
Finally hit 1 milllll !!! Been waiting since day 1 ! 💞💗💗❣️❣️💙💜💚💜💛💛🍯🍯🍯🍯🍯🍯🍯🍯🍯🍯
i love this song#legendary
Love this, but I wish this was in a girl to boy point of view.  I still love it though, because she’s embracing her natural self and voice ❤️
Kehlani is the BEST
I NEED A MUSIC VIDEO NOW
Gaylani saved my gay life with this beautiful song
Omg I was so happy to hear this song. I love her so much, big fan. Proud to hear that she’s happy
Not a lez, but I do like this song..
If Tori Kelly and Kehlani did a song together it would be 🔥🔥🔥
Y’all it’s finally on Spotify ❤️😭🙏🏽
I'm feeling... Gay
Wow I thought it would never happen kind of sucks! But this is one that I just don't like but I still love kehlani 😘
I’m not a lesbian, but I love how her music can relate to so many people in soooo many ways, that’s truly beautiful. What a real artist with a beautiful voice❣️ definitely my favorite singer of ALL time🍯✨
If you change the lyrics to I like my boy like I like my honey my men just like I like my money and keep the chorus the same and think of it in a males perspective it sounds like a guy in the closet but he's secretly in a relationship with a guy even though everyone thinks he likes all these pretty girls I might be doing much😂
Well that's fucken G aY\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAND I FUCKEN LOVE IT!
look at honey in da video :p
anyone noticed how only the H O E in HOnEy are capitals? lol
Like the Bruno Mars-esk cover
i like this kehlani i love u u are amazing
When your not gay but love the song 😕
Bretman Rock brought me here though.\n\nDamn worth it 👏🏻💛
Omg her beautiful voice I can't believe how beautiful it is
Her voice is like butter....
Bitch I know damn well why im crying in the club rn
im so in love with this song!!!!!
I love this song all we need is love I'm crying right now this song Pierce my heart with peace and love
Your plain stupid if you don't like this song😭kehlani is slaying all of our lives !!
This beat reminds me of a different song,  but I can't remember what😬
2:47 - 2:51 Sing gurl
https://soundcloud.com/ab00gie-2/hold-up
Yes laniiiiiiiii ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😩😩😩🍯🍯🍯🍯
Oh my. 😭❤️❤️❤️
HOnEy ... lol
Masterpiece 😍
HONEY made my day😍
this is beautiful
This guitar <3
lyrics anyone??
Kehlani Is My Savior 😭😭😍😍😍😍😍
a. lesbian. anthem.
MY EARS OMFG 😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️😻😻😻😻😻 your so perfect!!
this song saves lives :')
fuckkkkkk meeeeeee upppppppp\nomggggggggg\nwtffffffffffff
Waiting for the collab with SZA😇
She sounds like Camila Cabello.
✨💛🍯🌟🐝
wow
Maravilhosa! <3
so amazing
2003 VIBES 😍
Needs more views.
If SZA, Kehlani, and Hayley Kiyoko collab I will fricken die. My gay heart will explode
My lil Bi heart cant take this omg
😍😍😍😍
BEFORE 1 MILLION  VIEWS ?
2017
🌹
I looovee u kehlani 😭😭😍😍
😍😍😍
💖💖💖
Kehlani the Bisexual Queen
🐝🐝🍯🍯💛💛
Here before 1 mil views 😻😻😻😽😽😽☺️☺️☺️😉😉😉
The way I can imagine myself with the future love of my life to this songs is mind blowing 😍😍😍 this song makes me so happy about releasing a new LGBT web series full of laughter please check out the intro Search 3L's NEW LGBT webseries (intro) comment what you think 💕 Lets all be Gay together 🏳️‍🌈😘
Homegirl was cute until she spoke
Good lordt. This was awful. She set complex back with this one.
This wasn’t for the culture at all
I hope she's not playing my homeboy Joe 😤
She definitely had surgery done, her horse face changed a little. Still looks like a horse though 🐴 🐴
*did her school like study out of urban dictionary? her vocabulary is so limited*
Who is homeboy? Lol she said it so much it's like it's someone's name😂
but like if he comes through in tHESE
2:20 I teared up a lil
*g e t i t h o m e b o y*
i don't think homeboy would want to get it after seeing this
Shocker somebody not black......talks like they want to be black.....OH WOW LOL. THATS LIKE ALL OF YOU THATS NOT BLACK
What shoes is Joe wearing?
She’s about as authentic as a pair of kicks from Jenny
She says shit 5 times, dope 4 and homeboy 2 times. Lost count on cringe moments.
You all are just a bunch of haters tbh
this is so awkward to watch
it’s *~Q U I E T~* out here
She sounds real as fuck I'm in love 😍
tfw you're so poor, as the guy reads out the price you block out everything after 1,000. i've stuck with $50 converse for two years. sneaker heads are people to admire, like no hate. you're dedicated and styled and that's way more than i could ever be.
She wants to give brain
At 2:21 hypebeasts all around the world had a sudden chest pain
What exactly is she saying??
She only wears Nikes because she gets paid to wear them lol
Even Desiigner make more sense than this
....is...is her track or clip in peeking out the side?
Lol i dont see anything wrong with how she's talking
I never understood wearing sneakers or tennis shoes when not working out. They are not attractive shoes.
I'm mad she said it's quiet 😂 How you picked up that slang??? Its a New York slang by the way.
I fuck with this one. You see who she hangs out with on a day to day. shes gonna pick up on some slang.
She got a bigger dick than me
did anyone else notice how cringy it was when she went to go checkout...
notice that both Hadid sisters don't know how to talk  lol
didnt know who she was before this vid, i wish i didnt watch it so i could still not know who she is.
I like her! She knows sneakers :)
If home boy wears these *light up sketchers* home boys gonna like... get it
if she was blonde she be jennifer lawrence
Spoiler alert, she's not a sneakerhead
I literally just skipped to the end just to see what shoes she got cause this wasn’t “dope” lol
*homeboy's gonna like... get it*
Said she couldn't afford them but grew up in bel air 🙄
2:26 She should get her ass back to LA. 😒💯
when you fuck someone based on the shoes that they wear......... bitch toy looking slow wtf
HomeBoy's gonna like... get it
It's funny that this is presented by white famous, a show that seems to make fun of people like her
You've been M  E  M  E D
We all know why we're here
The price=heart attack shes like its nothing *gives card* 😂😂
she was creasing the shoes @ 2:20 so bad wth !!🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
This is a meme now😭
Yikes...pretty but dumb... you'd think she'd be more well spoken
Came here from the memes
People in New York wear Vans tho??
The meme is at 1:20
This was bad. Couldn't even finish the video. At least that Chicago comedian was funny
Guys idk if u knew but every time she says ‘dope’ it gets faster
Girl...stop....not cute. Sis I cringed so much. Just talk normally. Stop trying to claim a culture that's not yours and you know nothing about. I hate when white people act like they have to talk a certain way to ppl who grew up in black or urban culture.  We don't all come from the ghetto. We don't all have single parent households. Were not all criminals. We're people too...just act normal. Please.
Made me laugh when she talked about the Jordans being expensive to try and sound relatable to most people when she lived in a multi-million dollar house in bel air + why tf she buying nikes when she has a brand deal with them, she could get them for free
And thus... a meme was born
I would fuck the Hadid out of this bitch till she can’t say “homeboy” anymore 😤
She want Joe
Plastic girl
Fuck this basic ass bitch
Matching shoes thats dope
i want her :(
Hot until she spoke #hardonthots
Fake ass I saw how she creased those sneakers .
I see Bella - I click
HoMe BoyYssS \n\n\n\ndoooOooPpEe
Who is she?
gets black dick once.
Omg she is annoying 🤡
joji
Dear Homeboy I am so sorry sweetie
THE CREASE MADE ME CRINGE OMFGG😤😤😤
Ya know what?...
She's beautiful 😍😍
2:20 the disrespect😑
yikes she is so lame
Yikes.
Why do Americans say 'Nikey'?
Homeboy gonna get it...like
god i love herrrr
dope dope dope dope dope dope dope homeboy dope dope dope
1:49
homeboy’s gonna like...get it
Miss you bye
i like her tbh
biggest meme now homeboy gonna get it
CRINGE
Joe needa smash
litterly all i hear is dope,dope,dope,dope,dope,dope. lol
2:20
Tyler the creator
homeboys gonna like.... get it
Homeboys gonna like.... get it
I felt like smacking dis bitch at 2:21
Eric koston buys 2 shoes comes out to $1500. She buys 8 shoes comes out  $1157 wtf lol
Stop at 6:20
All that surgery though
Am i the only who thinks the cyclops sheep suddently popping quite creepy
Then why does Sonic the hedgehog have 1 eye
the voice...it's like nails on a chalkboard. hate this narrator
That ending was smooth
TRUE everything does needs further investigation, like why teachers never draws as great as ted ed
Hey Ted, what do you think about the EM-Drive?
I'm not usually nearly as impressed by your stories as other people are. but this is freaking amazing.
play electric attack solid one leader communicate.
kudos to curiosity
In russia, sheep has 3 eye
ted-ed videos always end up having me goosebumps all over...
Was this video only recommended to me because I searched for Diane NGUYEN from Bojack Horseman, recently?
DO NOT GOOGLE THIS
Was the sonic hedgehog gene named after sonic the hedgehog?
I just got a Ted ad on this Ted video
Robotnic is responsible for this
I will say it again , this channel has thought me more then my school
Why do these sheep have vertical pupils?
I have a question, how do we know that the nucleus of the earth is hot?
Saw the actual photos. I need to keep an eye out for nightmares now.
that pun at last
Dont google cyclop sheep the drawing looks way cuter than it should
When you reallize Soinc the hedgehog has joint eyes!!! :O
Anyone else thinks the Hedgehog gene cell is cutely drawn?
They forgot to mention the Sonic Hedgehog thing with the girls sonic comic
oi pap!\nthe shweep only havw oane eye!\n\n- Isn't that all Beer and Skittles? Le'ts cwall some science-slickers.
they told the ranchers to steer clear of the flower
I have a feeling that whole video was build up for that pun at the end 😂
0:45 Hence the reason why Rick is afraid of Cob World
Me: How did you find out this medicine could be used for cancer?  Doctor: Cyclops sheep ................................................................................ *crickets chirp* ....................................................................................
is this real or a riddle?
Hedgehog gene?  As in the sonic hedgehog gene?  I'm not joking.   That's its actual name.
Those sheeps can deal extra damage!\nTOO BAD! Because their range is lower!
you guys should do a vid on mike the headless chicken\n(rooster)
I love the conclusion at the end. SO beautiful
Sounds like the farma corporations wanted to get a hold of the profits so they declared the cyclopamine not safe and instead they developed a drug that does the same thing but I bet with worst side effects...way to go America letting corporations run wild.
Did the sheep blink or wink? The world may never know...
Is Wild corn lilly also called  western false hellebore (Veratrum californicum)? http://www.the-scientist.com/?articles.view/articleNo/44550/title/The-Cyclopes-of-Idaho--1950s/
Good work on the animation
Tien voice over is the best
So that's what my dick's been eating
please make a video on discovery of zero.
The stranger case I actually find how to pronounce that freaken name. Nuguyun? N-guy-en? ..
Too bad Tien wasn’t talking about three eyed sheep
We watched this in class
Cyclopamine... is that where Cyclophosphamnide (cancer drug) synthesized from?
This is the link for that kinds of sheep in real life.... https://youtu.be/vLHc5PKJyAc
The end music was interesting
Anyone thought that sheep is a reference from the odyssey in which the sheeps are in the cyclops islands?
In the cyclops greek tale with Odysseus there are sheep.. hmm..
More than meats the eye\n-TED-ED 2017
the scientist in orange looks like a teen stanford pines
The real question is does the gene make you run faster?
Ok, why does the cartoon cyclopamine have two eyes???
I was kind of expecting a Polyphemus reference, but the pun was way better
sonic the hedgehog+Gene=hedgehog Gene ... That's good to know.
Nobel prize for best farmers should be given.
I have one tiny comment: the DNA (1:19) is drawn incorrectly (it is left handed but should be right handed). But as usual, the video is lovely and I very much enjoyed it :)
your new animator did a stellar job. please keep him.
Everybody if you're reading this please like this comment and subscribe to my page n check out Treble - No Competition. Everybody deserves a chance to at least get heard.. I just ask u give me mine.. Please n Thank you
I have a hedgehog.....
Anyone else slightly annoyed that the cyclopamine animation had two eyes
they took 4 decades i took 4 min knowing about their 4 decades
anyone love the animation? \n\n\n\n\nme!🙌
So this is why sonics eyes are conjoined...
Аниме на аве твоя мать в канаве
Thanks farmers
Nice pun mate
Baaaaaaaa....
Aww thank you farmers and scientists 👍
Don't Google Cyclops sheep!
Damn dem cyclops sheep be cute
toddler
Sonic the hedgehog
DAMN THAT HEDGEHOG
01:48 spooky!
-Farmers see one eyed lambs\n-“Ewe’ve gotta be kidding me!”
Cloud sheep
My Wordbook:\nDeformity 畸形\nCyclops 独眼的\nHypothesize 假设\nEwe 母羊\nFlora 植物群落\nCulprit 凶手\nHedgehog 刺猬\nElude 逃避\nSyndrome 综合症\nFreak 怪人，怪物，怪诞
Give those farmers medals.....
Loved it, Thanks
Sonic the Hedgehog gene
K
popopopoppooorotiyo d
More riddles!
No click bait, a unicorn
Those sheep looked like dogs
Da D
Same animator as troll face adventures
Do they shoot mega tears
Stranger than fiction.
btw..you talk a lot!
it's sonics fault
*_PAY THE TOLL_*
Creeps me outtttttt
Use the full nomenclature. \nSanic hedgehogggg geeeeeneee :D
Singular deformity XD
Amosc: @itsbandzbaby
Oh gawd the puns...............
LOL!!! Don't come for me. It's all fun and love. #SuperSixty is starting now! Which means I'm responding to comments for the next hour. AND GO! xo
Why do I relate to the parents 😂
THE BEGINING!! Is my period coming from the wrong spot
 ooooouu so easy. Here are five things you need that you definitely don't have  😂😂😂
Omg i want to help THE GIRLS TO GO TO SCHOOL
can lily’s parents react to the Dolan Twins next please thanks :)
You know it's bad when you're only in middle school and you already start agreeing with the parents when you watch stuff.
No worries Lil, you don't need to explain anything to the 8year olds who watch these YouTubers like the Pauls.
Hopefully he is only child 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
hopefully he's a only child oh that's only the tip of the iceberg
Make a part 2 !!!! And include dan and phil in it !!
please do a look what you made me do parents react !
Sometimes I forget that Lilly acts as her parents
Well, this was fascinating! Your parents basically said everything I'd say to most YouTubers. However, if I were a YouTuber, I'd want your parents to talk about me! The floor hairmop joke was hilarious. My aunt once said my hair was so fluffy I should mop the floor with it, then gave me a lecture on how to style frizzy and curly hair. Your mum's quip just brought me back that memory!
“His hair look like the front of titanic.”
He said it so proudly Like Lily No JOb.
THE QUEEN
Superwoman can you react to clc hobgoblin =D
I screamed when i saw gabbie
B ghhhfxaa
Logan Paul should do handstand and mop 😂😂😂😂 😂
I watch Alisha Marie
'dave dobrik'
JAKE PAUL
Mom ratchet school bus
love you lilly
You go Sing Lilly
GO INDIA!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE ALISHA MARIE 💙💙
Logang4life
Am I the only one who wanted her parents to react to Superwoman at the last!!!
hey you have to lay off of logan paul because he is soooooo amazing.
Lisa Caution Tape XD that part made me laugh
*Paramjeet talking about Logan Paul*: Hopefully he is only child.\n\n*The rest of the world*: Yeah, we wish he was an only child, too.
Should have reacted to Shane😂
lily make Ur parents react to every day we lit plzzz
Videos like this is the reason why your channel will never stop being popular. I died laughing!!
Hey lily! Why are you so good at acting and making jewelry and basically awesome?!?
This was the first video I watch of yours and now I’m subbed
Logan Paul is your friend?!?! What!!!!
Omg all of my favorite YouTubers were in the video😻
*She talk very much,Thats why she have extra mouth on her shirt*\n\n_LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL_
I lost it at 2:02 \n\nSo she mad her sisters touching her lip but she wearing shirt with hole in😂😂
HI OMG I WANT  a pin but my mum is really strict
5:01\nWhen ur parents find out....run for your life
I clicked because of Logan....
can you ask your parents to react to its everyday bro by jake paul..
What about the one with Swoozie??!!??!!??!
Is everyone on the Internet doing drugs? ............hey Lilly are you doing drugs?     😂😂
Plz do a parents react to DNA(BTS)
Who's next? Lilly. Skip! Lol.
I hope he only child- I wish
You should make your parents watch Takin my baby From alex and Lauren's music video it's a bomb..
Guppy show 😂😂
My parents react to teens react
Hair looks like Titanic XD
REACT TO BTS DNA PLEASE
you should make murch
Paramjeet: Lilly? \nManjeet and Paramjeet: SKIP
My mom bought me a rafiki
Did you really kiss D Trix😚😮
Isha Marie😂😂
Who just hates edited comments??
your  parents react to dna by bts pleaseeeeeeeeeee
whoelse misses lillys old videos?
Is he Jim macken
Superwoman's Mom:Why does she have Kool Aid in her hair LoL
Next you should do your parents playing the sims or attempting to play sims haha
Lilly can your parents react to the Gabbie shows new song out loud
Hehehe girl every time I need a laugh I go back to your videos lol lol you are a LEGAND
Lilly please make your parents react to your own video,if men had boobs
Please Please Pleaseeee!!! React to minzy's superwoman it suits you very much
do a parents react to charlie puth attention
I can’t breath😂😂
At 1:43, I died of laughter!!!! Wow her mom is pretty curious about that!
Tell Me How D-Trix Is Kissing Lilly But Not Dating Her???
Sometimes I forget these aren't her actual parents.
U should make a video w meredith foster
Lol I was almost freaked out when dad and mum saw you and the guy kissing 😂🤣special effect...!
Who else was just here because of Logan Paul?
Your parents didn't say any of the names right
High key that was so accurate lol
Hopefully he is only child 😂😂😂😂
Damn their faces when they see Lilly kissing DTrix 😂😂😂😂
Sometimes I forget that Lilly plays them
Make your parents react to mein tera boyfriend from raabtaa at least one indian song react
I know all off these youtubers
If you dare go find and hate on my baby sister, I swear I will find and MURDER you. She seem really nice I'M DEAD XD
The David dobrik one made me die laughing
Part 2 please
2:43 lol
She has 93k likes hoooo no
@IISuperwomanII pls react to DNA PLS BTS
Your awesome and i love your vedio
0:57 still laughing 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hi
I swear, sometimes I forget this is the same person 😂😂😂
hey
LAGAAAN PAUL!!!!!\n😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😵😵😵😵😵😵
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
i don't think the whole watching something now that you know it's going to end thing works with things like this, because it's not scripted.\n\nit's not like the last episode is going to come out and all the ongoing plots will be resolved and you're going to turn your life around and everything will be great. it's not and they all lived happily ever after it's and they all lived for a while longer, probably\n\nmaybe if you promised to do something special for the last episode you might start getting views back.
About the view drop, personally for me it was because school started again. Having less time in the week to watch a thirty minute video, I've found myself waiting until I have more time allotted to watch you. Maybe a percentage of that 20k are the same.
For me personally, I didn't watch Last Week for like a month due to my own personal reasons, and have caught up over this weekend. So there's the reason for 1 of the views on each video dropping haha
Greetings from Mongolia!!
I think you need a new camera mate
What is up with all the artifacts in Toms footage?
I heard that summer vacation has ended in USA and in my case (who watched every week) got no more time to watch a full 30m video lately. I didn't even knew about the end being in febuary until you say it in this video, haha.
IT'S TINY RIIIIK\n\nI am so so sorry, I'm ashamed of myself
i'm not usually someone who gets super excited or glad at other people's babies but i saw rik and i just like.........straight up gasped. i'm so happy and touched!! congratulations alison and eddie, hope you guys will have and feel all the love and support in the world from your family, friends, and audience :-)
The new Crash Zoom is going to be 14 minutes long!? That's awesome!
It looks like Elliot will be buying a new graphics card next week? Or is Tom buying a new camera?
no wonder I'm sick, tom got me infected...even from approx. 5000 miles away...bluuhhh
I wonder if Rik will watch this in 15 years…
Last week you dead -_- jk
Tom,\n\nYou need to shoot all those problems away.
Re your thoughts on the views, i personally watched your last weeks the day they came out, but nowadays things are too busy and it takes me a week to catch up with you youtube - so maybe it's because school's started (I'm not in school tho) and generally people are more busy now? I still care tho and I love watching these!
Tom, regarding the viewer count reduction, keep in mind there are other factors.  Here in the states, public school just started a number of weeks ago.  Right around when you made the announcement.\n\nCorrelation/causation and all that. :)
I've started watching last week more since you said about it finishing
About the drop in views, I know some people are the opposite of you with shows - when they know a show is ending they stop watching, because endings, even satisfying ones, are sad to them.  If you don't see the end it feels infinite and full of opportunities.
I just came here to tell you I had the weirdest dream about Tom, he was the joker and he was throwing apples at people. That was it.
Don't know whether you've considered this, but in regards to view count, a lot of university's have been going back over the past few weeks, so people have had freshers weeks, and I know a lot of my friends who have just moved into new builds have yet to get internet connections set up, so maybe that has had something to do with it. Just bad timing maybe?
Zack? Zak the doggo is as old me
Cannot w a i t for drunk uncle tom
Haha, I have that I am actually in my thirties shirt as well and became father of a little daughter a couple of months ago :D
Now that eddie has his kid, what's about you and charly?\nwanna have a baby as well?
Tom what happened to your diet? Wanted to ask for a long while now if you don't mind.
@22:28 charlie and an certificate of engagement
Can't wait for crash zoom!! 💜
Tobeeas is indeed the German pronunciation.
I know the reason I can't keep up with Last Week during this month is due to college. Don't know if it's the same for others.
YESSS. my friend is also in that catherine tate sketch and we never let her live it down.
It may not mean much, but since you announced Last Week was ending I got super busy with school mostly, and life, so when I used to watch on Monday or Tuesday, I now usually watch on a Friday (I think) because I'm behind on my subscription box.
Rik, no C.... omg wait, is he named after Rik Mayall of Young Ones, Bottom and being an amazing comedian fame? 👍🏻
hey tom.  I think crash zoom should come out on last week #90
You cant end Last Week...you are a part of my life now
they were playing alestorm... best fuckin pirate ship ever!!!!
There you go! You got my biew back! Hope it makes you happy! :O !
This is an amazing vlog. Great job, nerds.
it might be german, but it's not tab-bee-ass
19:18 IS THAT FUCKING KEELHAULED IN THE BACKGROUND!?
Can you upload the skits from last week by themselves
Tom if I could I’d give you a lot of views. Your channel is hilarious and funny. You deserve a lot more.
Your killing the hair style XD\n\n\n\n\nYou have gon back to the pedophile look XD
There's a box WITH A ROCK IN IT
So Tom will be in the next YouTube Rewind as a principal YouTuber, right?\nI hope it's for Last Week and not Beep Beep.\nBecause I want him the be the last one we see in the Rewind and say:\nI'll see you last year ;-)
It's because you broke up with us. It's easier to stop now than be heartbroken when you decide to go. I'm actually sad about it. You're the only vlog I watch and you're part of my little weekly ritual.
I know I can't be personally responsible for the amassing of thousands of views, but admittedly I do sometimes feel bad I don't catch your uploads the day of like I used to. A lot more lately, I'll wait a few days for multiple creators' content, and then binge all of it at once, because that totally doesn't reflect on my life at all haha. \nBut no, seriously Tom, while I can't say some of that chunk isn't due to the announcement, I'd argue that it's also just ramping up towards the time of the year when people aren't as free to watch as consistently as usual. What do those numbers look like after two weeks, for example? It could be that the viewerbase is just a bit slow on the uptake (I know I can at times).\nI hope things turn up soon though, I know it can be really disheartening and frustrating to feel like the ending won't get to be satisfying for everyone.
0:52  *mY nAMe iS jEfF*
my little brother is named Rick But He has the c........
EDDIE IS DADDIE AF I LOVE
But I've already eaten my cinnamon and gooseberry yoghurt!
no its not your announcing the end of last week entirely anyway - I, and a massive proportion of your subscriber base, have just gone back to school, college or uni, and its quite busy. Ive just started uni and I have missed a few episodes but I'm catching up again now. views are gonna be inflated for summer holiday too! its all goooooooooooooooooood
THAT BABY IS CUTE. I WANT THE BABY. IM TAKING THE BABY.
I think a lot of people share your sentiment: I think that now that we know it's ending, a lot of people want to wait until that, so they can binge it like a regular TV show.
is this the reupload? cos the glitches are still in it for me (other than that - loved it!)
You should get baby rick a pickle costume to wear before Halloween, and he will be pickle riiiiiiiiick!
I saw the thumbnail & title and thought he deleted Where's the Baby? from his main channel.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Tom, your camera is dying, you need to fix doze glitches.
My guess is that lots of the viewer base has gone to uni and have been enjoying freshers week 😊
It was so cute seeing Charlie freaking out over the dog crayon costume, literally laughing like crazy
Is anyone else getting the weird artifacting?
The last last week should be a one hour special
Charlie is a treasure
See now that's why you don't dress your animals.
I HEARD ALESTORM IN THE BACKROUND OF THE VIDEO!!!\nFUUUCK YEEEEAAAH!!!!!\n\m/
I’m almost 31 and I’ve never looked forward to the next in a series as much as Last Week in my life, absolute lunacy people would stop watching!
Hey Tom! Use Taxify instead of Uber when it comes out. :)
15:10 what is that game
Congratulations Eddie! Way to be an adult! (Has anyone called buying a man-sized bag of popcorn for the christening?)
It's not like a school disco, no one's getting fingered... \n\nI take back everything I said
It's so confusing that some people can't cope with finalities, even if they are inherently harmless, like a series that has a predetermined ending. It has an ending? How fucked up is that?! It isn't. I don't get this mindset, but on the other hand I know people who didn't finish Cowboy Bebop. Still, if you avoid good byes, you will miss some of the best moments of your life. It's dumb.
well if the views are dropping cause there is comming an end to this amazing series. THEN DONT STOP!!! PLEASE!!! I NEED THIS IN MY LIFE!!
Tom, you might be over analysing your viewership drop off: I think it's more likely that your audience are mainly school/college/uni students, and we're all back to work, we still love your work
I don't care about the thumbnail or the title I watch it because last week is my favourite youtube series because it's funny and I am sad that it's ending but I appreciate his decision .
GREENWICH MY BAE MA HOMIE MA HOME
TINY RICK!
30:09 he gettin the succ
So hype for crashzoom
Baby!!!!!
Subtle Alestorm
YES THE ALESTORM KEELHAULED!
Congrats Eddie!! Your baby is adorable!!
LOOK AT THAT CUTE LIL BB OMG
Glitches, Glitches everywhere
Loyal Weeklings unite!
I'm Tiny RICK!!! Congratulations Eddie!
When Squidge nearly becomes Hitler
stay awesome Tomska
ogh!!!! legit FLIPpeD sHIT WhEN ALesTOrM stARTeD PLAYing
NOTIFICATION SQUAD!!
No more gitches... but. \n\nHawoweeewnnnnn
Congratulations Eddie !!! 🍾🥂❤️
there is also Lyft maybe???
CRASH ZOOM FTW
15:26 wtf Elliot Gooch back from the dead
Lel you sound drunk n tired
Chralie ruining your Ferris Bueller bit was my favourite.
ARE WE ALLOWED TO NICKNAME RICK TINY RICK
What kind of youtuber blames themselves for a drop in views when there's a wonderful faceless 'Algorithm' just waiting for everyone to yell at it!
'I turned myself into a baby Morty, IM BABY RICCCCCCKKKKK'
Thats a lotta chics in the video, i wish i was in the middle of those thots, i’m a dreamer.
suck up the gang she a leech
Here before it blows up
Offset and I'm finna set it off
Offset is on fire
Sub me and i sub back im Rapper frome Germany nice video Gucci mane
My lil Cousin got them pink shades offset wearing
Real fans know this came out a long time ago
Offset flow 💣💣👌👌
What is this nigga wearing.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
1234r.lp05tyiizccv
Gucci been Winn \nCheck my single: 2-6 infantry blow
😋😋😋😋😋
Sheesh these asses are fat lol
Issa Bop
Offset 🔥
3ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODROGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGDIER55555555555555OERYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Gucci killing everything he colab on fr 🔥
https://youtu.be/kFM9R3IhzVU BOOTY ANALYSIS !!
lol ad libs always get me.
off Motherfucking Set
GuWop & Offset 🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥
OMG 😮
Offset 🔥 asf
RIP This beat\n1 Like = 1 Prayer
this really Offset - Met Gala (ft. Gucci Mane) lmaoo
Gucci verse!🔥🔥👍
Dope 🔥
:)
Mans went crazy 🔥
Laying in bed while watching
1:16 that's a powerful ad lib.
R u actually doing a song with jake paul
Im a great comedian funnier than anyone you have ever seen i've gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
gucci is one of the best artist I hope one day he will hear about me and we can make great music together 🔥
If gucci used his regular flow hed shine more
They can hire hot bitches but they cant even touch them how ironic and sad is that
Shit offset just murdered that beat and gucci at once.. That was mad crazy
Can y’all check out my beats plz thx \nhttps://instagram.com/p/BY8zKsYBTHy/
Both offset and Gucci have been putting in work
Iwas dat nigga locked up in da cell and they treated me likes is was normal..classic
🔥🔥Hop on the ✈ and its 20 passengers, Offset DA Maniac, I bring the massacre 🔥🔥
I would come here only for offset part
At some point you gotta draw a line. I draw mine at look at my boogers...I'm out
offset verse hard af, but why now?
OFFSET doing the most!!!!!
bitch am offset and am about to set it off🔥🔥
CHECK THIS REMIX OUT OF THIS !!  https://soundcloud.com/hawmi/got-that-ft-goon-prod-metro-boomin-1
http://soundcloud.com/killboyxo/kill-boy-icewrist-prod-private go fw this I'm tryna get to 5k by wednesday
Takeoff's verse was still the best
GUCCI on fire right now and it doesn't look like the fire going to die any time soon
How does this fire have 1k  dislikes
Is it just me or does offset look older when he's in the bathroom
this is offset's song foh is you disagree
I love how metro’s beat sound fairly simple but when he explains the process it’s just out of this world.
drop by a nigga channel this month I'm only dropping my instrumentals
that nigga said it feels like hes fighting a octopus.. i cant get the vision out my head.. where these bitches at?
*Slippery part 3* *\n*I Get That Bag part 2 (Offset verse)* *
Gucci goes in hard on this track.
who is here before the 100m?
this song is underrated
Asses everywhere
heard this one issa hit
Damn bars were spit
https://soundcloud.com/w-ll-m-g-m-r-bb-n/most-dope-placa-597
Offset feat. Gucci Mane
Flash flash flash!!!  80ball!!!
Offset ran this mf man
Actually 2.3 Mil a Week
Offset feat gucci mane they mean?💣
🔥🔥🔥🔥
offset murkin everything he on
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Slippery part 3😂😂
Sex 0%\nClickbait 0%\nHate 0%\nBoasting 0%\n\n\n\nTalent 100%
Tight
this gonna blow up
That fire👌
Gucci  Mane Is BLACK JESUS !
1:56 yall best donk in video round brown booty ladies
Offset !!🔥🔥👌
YASSS🔥🔥🔥🔥
http://keeponmusicandbusiness.blogspot.com/2017/10/jean-lic-it-may-seem.html
FRIDAY 13TH MONEY MAKIN MISSION DROP
WAVEY!
Quavo  00:57
Gucci Robin outfit. Too much sauce
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=R9-oriogwDo
🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💪🏾
offset fucking killed this shit
https://youtu.be/wYeKq7Fqkrc
Gucci killed it
I swear offset my fav rapper💯💯💯💯💯
Here before 5 mil views?
Big Guwop
Too Much plastic Thots. Call ThoT pOlice
About time gucci
bruh,  gucci a goofy nigga
Thank you for being the best road trip companion a girl could ever want!  nothing beats rolling down the windows, singing American Girl, open road ahead
Heartbroken. We will miss you Tom
Rest in pepperonis
Rip.tom u will be missed.
obrigado mel deus nao quero dinheio so paz
RIP Tom Petty. You left us way too soon....
This one hit me the hardest, second only to John Lennon.
So sad and yet grateful that I lived through his career.  Safe journey Tom.
Whoever recommended this for me thanks🙆😂😘
Tom Petty was a helium balloon in a world of heaviness. And now he flies out of sight into the heavens above.
Rest In Peace, Tom. I'm only thirteen years old, but you were still my childhood idol. I remember listening to you and singing along when I was very young. I will surely miss you
Saw Tom and the guys play 25 years ago , easily the best gig I've been to, and I've been to dozens and dozens . will be sorely missed.
Thank u for Rocking our world, rest in Peace Mr.Petty...
Back in the day when musicians actually played instruments and performed, and he did it oh so well......a lost art <3
May you Rock in Heaven!
this song was played in a popular thriller movie. I always think of that movie when i hear this song. what movie was it?  hint-late 80's early 90's
RIP, Tom... your music is E T E R N A L !!!!
I love you Tom Petty you’re the best singer ever
Soaring in the Universe with the Gang.  XO Tom
Greatest songs , came from him. Dearly missed .
i'm crying watching this... one of my favourite TP songs. i can remember being alone and desperate, and just listening to this over and over and over again one night. It got me through it... TY,  Tom Petty! RIP...
Another great artist who will be greatly missed
We will never forget ❤️
This one hurt, goodbye Tom Petty...
RIP!!!
Thank you Tom for all the great music ...RIP
Thank you for great music Tom. R.I.P.
Was so sad to have heard the news. I loved your voice Tom Petty,  may your spirit be alive and well
OMG, who are the monsters at the tables?  Thank you for that song, Tom.
Two words.. The Best...................
No one over 30 yrs of age can't say that a piece of them didn't die with Tom Petty. He created America's soundtrack.
RIP to one of the greatest musicians ever!
American Girl seems, to me, in the spirit of The Byrds.  He was great at adopting a style for just one song e.g. you'd be forgiven for thinking that Learning to Fly is a George Harrison-penned song, a big friend, icon of a man let alone as a personality and performer, who also liked 50s music, and fellow Travelling Wilbury of course.
Thanks for the history of rock and roll
*IVO`s MAGIC WORLD* presents *MUSIC HISTORY GUIDE -  FAMOUS DEATHS* - *HOMAGE to TOM PETTY* - *R.I.P., DEAR TOM!!! (OcToBeR 2nd, 2017)*
I m going to miss him.
I've listened to Tom Petty sing since I was 18 years old; I'm 59 now. I'm saddened to know the rest of my journey on this earth will be without him ... but I still have all of his previous cds to listen to along the way. He made my life - and this world - more beautiful and bearable with his immense talents. Thank you for sharing your gifts with us all. Rest in Peace. You earned it. <3
Rip we will Shure miss you
Godspeed man- You were well loved!
Who are the mindless, shallow dickheads that gave this a thumbs down? Really?
Just saw him in Boston. Didn't sound any different then 20 30 years ago. Amazing! You will be deeply missed
one of the best sad to see him leave us so soon great   spirit love  his music
Your music got me through some really tough times Mr. Petty. Albums like Full Moon Fever, Into The Great Wide Open, Wildflowers, Echo, your earlier music and of course the albums you made with The Traveling Wilburys. I could always count on you just like an old friend. I'm going to be sad for a while, but who knows? Maybe I'll get to see you again at the Great Rock 'N Roll Concert in The Sky.
sorry all I think about is it puts the lotion in the basket
R.I.P. and thanx for all!!!
Good by tommy you hearts❤
farewell big friend, see you in heaven
I think he looked worse at that time (2002) than the later videos I have seen.
Tom Petty.........one of the greatest artists.  He left us so many gifts and treasures in his music. A story teller with a  brilliant way to tell them.  His music will be enjoyed forever. 💔
Tom was the man. Quick tribute to him https://youtu.be/URvULdzvdmU
Words can't describe his talent and PASSION for what he loved.  A great legend will be missed. Thanks for all the songs that we can always listen to. Thinking of his family also.
Six, six, six the number of the beast.
thanks tom for hanging tuff with me in the hard times your music is greatly appreicated
Rest in peace.Rock n roll,Tom petty.
Yes we will always miss him loved his music to .
Great artist.I learned to sing my favorite song at Karaoke,Free Fallin way before u passed away.Did it for the first time several weeks ago and I was surprised I could hit your pitch when  u sang I’m freeeeee,free fallin.I’ll always be in my repritore of Karaoke songs.
Rest in Peace Tom Petty (1950-2017)
Rock and Roll heaven just gained another great one.  We will continue to celebrate you and your wonderful songs and music <3
I had tickets to see Tom Petty and the band for a special show next week, I wonder if it will be canceled?
He already looked so aged, and this was fifteen years ago. Somehow his passing makes sense. RIP
Mary Jane's Last Dance \nI hear Crosby, Stills Nash & Young, The Beatles & Dillon Wow!!!
I love you❤️ thank u so much for everything, rest in peace x
His voice sounds so awful compared to the studio recorded version.
Great & Awesome\n\nSubscribe, watching & download mp3 On My Channel :-D\ngoo.gl/cICvOy
So many great songs!!  You will be missed!!!
From all of us American Girls, who dream about there being more to life than what is offered to us...thank you Mr Petty for your brilliant lyrics and endless life sound track....
thank you.\nthank you.\nyour songs is my treasure.\nR.I.P.
True musical legend RIP
Thank You Tom Petty! \nWhat you've left us will rock on in our hearts, in our souls, (& in our ears! ;-)
You really did break our hearts this time :(
Every American boy's dream:\nOh yeah, all right \nTake it easy baby \nMake it last all night \nShe was an American girl\nTom, you were the American Boy for me. RIP my brother
I miss him :( this is just makes me cry💔
Thanks for the great music, Tom!
I fist him ,I thought  the  Byrd  were  back, I just  back from  Nam\n\nthanks Tom
I.  Grew.  Up.  Listening to.  Tom. Petty 😰
So Refreshing to see ACTUAL Musicians. RIP Tom.
“God it’s so painful, that something that’s so close is still so far out of reach”......\nOne of the best lines, from one of his best songs.Be at Peace, Mr. Petty.
SO SAD TO SEE TOM MOVE ON TO HIGHER GROUND , A MUSICAL GENIOUS WHO WILL SURELY MISSED BY US ALL , REST EASY TOM
Love from India ❤️❤️
Pra esquecer ou para lembrar, ouçam  Traveling Wilburys, Handle with care.
God my heart still hurts
great video . icon
Rest in peace
descansa en paz.cabron...
Tribute to Tom Petty: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjdUDs64pBU
Goodbye Tom !!!
rip tom
RiP #TomPetty
[']
Stan Lynch?
injustice..Tom dead,Trump lives.Rest eternaly in peace
Thank you Tom, we're heartbroken...
Rip
RIP Tom Petty.
Best American Song\nhttp://ecut.io/rdqiL
Perfection.
Just beyond belief. HEARTBROKEN.
Goodbye Tom...R.I.P...::((
Thank you, thank you, thank you! RIP. Well done.
El rock sufre otra gran perdida. Tom Petty tu musica seguira viviendo . Gracias por lo que nos diste.
IF YOU WANT MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS SCREAM LOUD IN THE COMMENTS AND HIT LIKE ON THE VIDEO BECAUSE OTHERWISE I LIKELY WON'T I JUST NEED TO KNOW WHAT YOUS ACTUALLY ENJOY WATCHING FOR UPLOADING BETWEEN BIGGER PROJECTS OKEIS? Okeis :) ENJOY! xxx
Personality is definitely a huge reason as to why I subscribe to people. Also, I love this video, Melanie - it's like when you go out with your friends and you all get ready together, it's really nice. ❤️
LOVED THIS!
He's not gonna wanna ride me 😂😂\nMan I miss Ireland 👌🏾
you are such a natural beauty xx
A 58 year old couple in the US watches you because you're a lovely young lady who helps keep us in touch with what it means to be young. \n\nDuring your hair prep my wife said I didn't know you could do that. Not sure what. Think I'll find out.
would you ever consider only using cruelty free makeup, not trying to be rude or anything I am just curious :) love your videos
Wow congrats on your short film Mel!! I've shown it to my parents and gran to start discussion for the referendum next year since I can't vote!!
14:23 the girl from Lady Like on buzzfeed giving you the side eye lmao
You remind me so much of a young Kate Bush with the way you look, so very pretty!! ❤️
Congrats Mel!!! So proud of you! 💋
You look gorgeous Melanie. That look really suits you!
I literally subscribed to Melanie because of her personality. 😂😂
I follow people based on their personality, especially if they're fun and jokey. A great example of this is britneyandbaby like I'm not a parent or anything but she's a hilarious and very real person who I enjoy watching and her kids are sooo adorable as well!
Would love to spend a day in your life with you :P Love from France XOXO
I definitely watch youtubers for their personality. Id watch whatever you make lol
I follow people for either their quirky personality (Lost Pause, Brittany Lee Saunders) or their intellectual heaviness (Sargon of Akkad, Ben Shapiro) and sometimes, just a really beautiful person (oh, what's her name...Melanie something...)
I love all the videos you do but I do miss your makeup and skincare stuff. It was what made me start watching you in the first place and what helped me clear my acne. I really enjoy the real news of them and also find them super relaxing. Your spoken word videos are so powerful and my absolute favourite thing you've done.I hope you do a lot more of those too.
i couldnt explain how much happy i am seeing you putting makeup on..<3\nnever stop making them..
I only follow people that I would want to be friends with. I don't know if that's weird
Melanie channel 4 unreported wold is doing an episode about the vote for choice in Ireland!! Watching it now 7.30 Friday night xoxox
me too ! i watch videos for the person and their personality i just like it when they make different videos otherwise its boring the same thing over and over again, i totally agree with you .
LOVED THIS! Congrats again on the award Mel! I was giggling because of the tipsyness that was shown ;P
Another great video! Any chance of the hair brushing video I requested appearing soon?
I watch people for their personalities, I like hearing their perspectives on life and the world. I enjoy some beauty stuff as well but talky and arty videos are my favourite :)
I love your videos and you!! Your short film made me cry!!! 👌🏻❤️
Congrats on the award!! you are amazing xx
I love this video!! I love it.\nAlso, you surprised me in a Dodie video! It made me smile.
SCREAMING FOR MORE LIKE THIS!! <3333
Congratulations!!!!!! So happy you won!! To be honest, I'm from Canada 🇨🇦, and I had no clue abortion was illegal in Ireland until your film! So glad you are bringing more attention to the subject!
Im so proud of you for winning that award for your first short film cause it was bloody brill and such an important topic that needs addressing!!! Xxx
Your staying in the hotel I stayed in when I was in Canada!!!
It must be legal or its a Pony.\n\nKeith Emerson is the head of British MET police.\nHis family are also underground prison gangs.\nThey are the National Front and run British police.\nKeith head of all that had a g/f when he was 14 with Katie Green a southern Irish that workd with Davidsons owners of McDonalds.\nKetih and Katie were in love and had a relationship.\nKatie this wasnt her first time.\nWhen she was 12 Katie had a sexual realtionship with another person.\nAnd this was her first time she was 12.\nThe she went out with the head of the British police when he was 14.\nI grew up with them. \nHead of Brtish police Keith, Jai and Dallas are close friends and work together in the National Front.\nThey've been working with the band Madness since they started and their songs are about other people and calling them paedophiles for relationships at 14 and 15.  They are working in a homosexual paedohile group that anal rims little boys uses MK Ultra torture techniques since I was very young and their involved closely with the police and their heads.\nThe British police are purposely inprisoning millions of people for sex with under age girls when they've been doing the same on many ocassions.\nCurrently they hyave 100,000 teenagers in prison for under age sex.\nMadness have a lot to answer for.\nKeith the head family of British police are what you call dunces, they hate education, they are the prison community, also they never went to school.\nThey are in government and this is why theres tuition fees, they dont value education and are trying to stop people going to educate, its the prison system and 911 was there first day at school, they hate.\nTheir family run British police and also the British army.\nThey are at war with America, they did 9/11 and 7.7.\nThey created the Pol tax and now the Universal credit made to make people homeless and their camping shop Trepass is ment for people made homeless by this Southern Irish family running the British police.\nThey are the IRA. And they run our British police and McDonalds calling British people peadophiles for 2 people having sex at 16 years old.
When the video starts with your favourite band! 😱😱😱
Personality is the only reason I follow someone. If the personality is there, I don't really mind what the topic is.
I follow people I honestly think I could be friends with
Loving these types of videos, and I agree, I follow people more for their personalities, cos if I like them as a person I know I'll enjoy all their videos.  Congrats on the award, you really deserve it! xx
I like your chatty grwm. It's a good balance of make up and personality
I absolutely lurve these chatty grwm's where you talk about life and stuff and would love to see more!
I found you like weeks ago and subscribed almost instantly because I really love you personality and the videos you make cause I admire the way that you speak your mind and do the things you love and not care about the rest. Luv ya Mel xxx
CONGRATULATIOOOONS IM SCREAMING JUST LIKE YOU SAID!! Though I follow YouTubers because of their personality tbh . Hannah, Lindsey Doe, Calum, Michael Rizzi, Jessie, you...
Love your vlog style, it'd be awesome if these were commonplace :)
Congrats Melanie on winning your award! I absolutely loved your film!!! Hope you had a blast in Toronto!! From one died red head to another, I feel your pain about the fade out. I product that I use and swear by the keep my red bright is the Ice Cream Hair mask. I don't know if you have it in Ireland. Literally put it on your hair (dry), leave on for 20mins then wash out as normal. I always get asked if I've re-dyed my hair after I use this stuff. Much love from Toronto!!!! <3<3<3   http://www.inebrya.it/en/products/special-treatments/kromask/cherry-red
I first started following you after seeing Femme at Buffer last year! And I really enjoy videos where you just chat about different topics I love hearing about your opinions :) xx Choice is amazing btw
more like this please !! your vlogs are my favorite (:
food/fashion/video game/cat life vlogs---and THIS one as well, please know we like these :)
Love you, Mel! I just wanted to know, what straightener did you use to style your hair? You're beautiful. ❤️
Watching this makes me want to get together with my friends for drinks and fun--it's been too long. :-)
More videos like this, please! And congrats! :)
Please do more of these vlogs! Your personality is straight up magic!!!
This is crazy I'm a Canadian viewer and I knew exactly where you were staying in Toronto and stuff cuz I can recognize it all in the vid 😂😊
Drunk and giggly Melanie makes me so happy <3 LOVED your film!
cuz I plan on drinking a lot, and maybe dancing... and if I cry, as well \n\nOkay so you're me 😂❤️
I love the vibe of your videos :)
YES YES YES MORE OF THESE KINDS OF VIDEOS PLEASE!!! Feels casual and chill and just a really great video that shows off your brilliant personality!
congratulations on winning the award!!!!!
Congratulations, you really deserve it!! You never fail to amaze me! ❤
If the people knew...: *cut*\nWe will never know... 😔
I follow youtubers for their content and humor mostly, and i subscribed to you cuz your videos somewhat have a calming effect, understandable cuz you have anxiety and you understand what's needed for us to calm down. And your enviable foods from your Food Diary Fridays. Plus, that accent 💚 who wouldve thought you've got all these interesting stories, and the causes you fight for ( physical and mental health, sexuality + lgbt, etc) made you one of my fav youtubers.
I am so proud of you for your work and for winning and ughhhhhhhhh I wish I could hug you!\nAnd yes, I too subscribe and follow people mostly for their personality. You too. <3
I love your chit chat make up. Best ones love youuuu
this made me laugh so much :D
So I couldn't see any comments that said what I wanted to say. \nYour film was powerful and F***ing awesome, you definitely deserved the win and I hope you had a great time at the award show.
I subscribe to people for their personalities mostly. It almost doesn't matter what type of videos for me. If they draw me in and I find them interesting then I'll sit through whatever content they put out! I really like channels where it's not always the same thing, but you get to see the people being who they are
I am definitely going to try that hair trick with the straightener. I am terrible at doing hair. That's my next skill to tackle. I'm getting better at makeup but hair is still way over my head. No pun intended. Haha
I'm so happy you had a lovely time and you won an award! How amazing is that?! :) I thought I recognized your outfit as I work at Coast so I'm glad you like our stuff as I love your style, it's so quirky which is what I like :) Also I subscribe for personality, I get bored easily so personality is what grabs me to a person and yours is so down to earth :)
Melanie you look bloody gorgeous! Well done on your film you super talented lady. Could I please ask where your earrings are from?!xx
I got ready while watching you getting ready and I did my hair while watch you being drunk on red carpet. Gotta go to school. Love you drunk! Love you forever! 😂💕
You, Dodie and Hannah are some of my favorite youtubers. I just love all of your personalities!
Yess, love those videos!! more videos like this!
I just wing this every time. EeeEHHHHH!!!! LOL\nI can't hears yehs...you're not talkin to me. OMG LMAO\nCallum should announce all the awards shows. LMAO
What hairspray did you use Melanie? Xx
14:26 is that Chantelle from Buzzfeed’s Ladylike?
Was that Chantel from Ladylike @ 14.26 ?!?
💚💚💚
Congrats Mel! You deserve it babe 💚
Congratulations Melanie! You totally deserved it!
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
ADTR & Melanie 💚💚💚💚
Well done Melanie.
MELANIE YOU'RE ON TRENDING
😆 😂 butt lol Hahha ccc
Congrats you beautiful green Butterfly 💚💚
You little mischief :D Knocking that perfect Jenga down hhahaha <3
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Riyadh posing for the pic HAHAAHA
CONGRATULATIONS MELANIE!!!! SOOOO PROUD OF YOU DOLL 💚💚💚💚
You look stunning! xx
Anyone know what brushes shes using?
aaaawww so happy for you! CONGRATULATIONS MELANIE ❤️❤️❤️
Yes more vids like this!!!💕
#BoycottNars
Congrats darling! So happy :3
Un eu su.
Hahaha I'm so glad you liked the chocolates! Sitting sick in bed coughing my brains out and watching your vlog is the only thing making me feel better. LOVE YOU GIRLIE!
I first subscribed to you when you first did your beauty videos and I do still love beauty videos (I find that they're weirdly calming and good for my anxiety, almost ASMR-like) but I've always been subbed to you for your personality.
So gorgeous, love. And so proud of you for winning that award!! xoxo.
My favorite movie is Titanic  , it did look like it in the movie !! Love video
oh shit, i’m sorry i was so awkward when you were filming!!! but it was lovely meeting you, and you are quite hilarious when you’re drunk. 💖 congratulations again on your big win!! you’re so deserving. sending lots of love your way!
Melanie, girl. I really like you!! But, stop touching your hair , the whole time, its destructing!!
bloody great!
We tried to go on a family holiday but we were stopped in the airport. Now I know why.\nI’m sorry for how things ended, Tim.
Billie Jean?\n\nNot my lover.\n\nDEAD
0:48 That reminds me of one of Tim's really old vlogs in which he says I'm so confident in my sexuality I could fuck a guy and it wouldn't be gay
Wow this is the best sketch I've seen in a very long time. Hilarious. Thanks Tim.
I surgically removed my ex's eyes so I could see what she was up to. We've all been there
So many genuine laughs from this. Good on you, very hard to do these days.
Thumbs up for the Billie Jean reference.
You think I wouldn't catch that corn maze reference but you know I did
billy jean is not my lover
Jack once again playing the only voice of reason in the world
What a brilliant video to bring out since the last one a few months ago, absolutely hilarious
Three of my favorite youtube people. this was  brill♥
For a second, i thought the vet was the actress from wynonna earp. They look so alike!
Yeah we've all been there. Except for the submarines. I haven't done that yet.
This is what I come to YouTube for, snappy, witty sketch comedy. Bravo!
holy fuck i have the biggest crush on tim
I love how somehow it's always Jack that ends up being exasperated with his friends' ridiculousness, whether it be Dean or Tim and Dom lol
A helicopter, tranq dart, and a seventeen-hectare corn maze filled with scorpions. Yeah, we've all been there.
Quality work as always
Been so long, Tim!! :) good causal acting
There we've all been
Hello Tom. *cocks head* \nI fully expected you all to accuse Jack of having sent his ex a Howler when he mentioned a letter.
Little bit too long and repetitive for a weak punchline
Clever as always. I laughed so hard.
Itd be cool if tim liked this comment
the acting and comedic timing was spot on in this!
billy jean, not my lover\nfucking brilliant
Watching this video? We've all been there
this is bloody brilliant oh my gosh
Dom Fera omg I totally forgot about him. What a contributor to classic YouTube. Glad you're still alive, man. 😅
Aaahh I miss this content! had a smile on my face through out the entire video! :D
I snort-laughed on the bus...
I was thinking about you the other day this can't be a coincidence right
Corn maze? Was that a throw-back? :o
I agree, I mean, I cursed my ex, and now his house has burnt down and his otter is dead - Kathleen Raine 1968 (commenting on her ex Gavin Maxwell who turned out to be gay...)
What’s better than this? Guys bein doods
wanted to know what was going on in my ex's life so i figured it was just easier to kill him and become him
this is very good
i liked the spitted WHATHG at the end good touch
Take a shot every time they say we've all been there.
*gets notification* do my eyes deceive me it can't be I'm not ready
So happy that he posted another great sketch
Jack neglected to mention the anthrax he dusted that letter with.
Literary uploaded at the exact time when my gf of 6years left me
HOW DO YOU EVEN COME UP WITH THIS I HAVENT STOPPED LAUGHING FOR HOURS
This is me compared to all of my friends\n\nI'm Jack
ASADAFADF THANK YOU FOR THIS
I mean to be fair I did get all of his siblings to like me more than they like him, BUT WE'VE ALL BEEN THERE
i mean i've surely been there. everytime i break up with one of my boyfriends i make sure to hex him and then section him off from his family and slowly start causing disasters between him and everyone he loves.\n\n\nwe've all been there.
Oh god that Billie Jean joke x'D
pls dont steal my little brother, man. no matter how relateable the urge is....
*W E ‘ V E    A L L     B E E N    T H E R E .*
Amber?\nSurgically removed her hands and now they're mine\nMe: well fuck...
Trying to come up with a witty funny comment to show you guys how much I love this, but I can't think of anything... but I guess we've all been there.
did you get a bunch of bats?
HAHA THIS IS GREAT! I love it!
Tim's back for real? Yess
I think I'm now too used to the old school UK youtube comedy sketch formula. I found myself counting down to each punchline. Appreciate the water drop though, good call back to the old days :)
I hate beer but it's very satisfying to see them drinking a good ol' Belgian Hoegaarden. \nThis was fucking hilarious tho.
Really a letter to tell her how you feel?\nWhy didn't you send her a letter bomb or I don't know send her a paket of high quality kokain and give the police a tip.\nYou know something a sane person would do you sicko.
Hi, I'm new here! YouTube suggestions is killing it! This is funny!!!! 👏👏👏
this was so well written lmao
YAY! Every time you upload you consistently raise the bar and never disappoint and your honestly one of the best creators I've ever had the pleasure to come across
Oh man, this is brilliant 😂 Hilariously funny. Where do you even get these ideas from!?
Rip to all of Tim's future ex-girlfriends
This was hilarious
Comedy is art omg
american dude looks like adam driver
CORN MAZE!!!
Finally
i love this
This is classic
CORN MAZE
0:16 roll credits
ima firin mah lazer
Occult following continue
Haven't seen a video from you in a while, but man, this was worth the wait
😂
My jaw hurts from laughing now.
This was absolutely brilliant
This was amazing!
THE KID 😂😂😂
Tim is back!?
excellent
Wiv awl bin thae
He stole her brother😂😂😂😂
YES DOM!!!
Lmao
hahaha i love this!! ❤❤
CORN MAZE
Eyyy, he’s back
Tim H vids are rare gems indeed
to predictable
Hahahahaha this was amazing.
Tim you're alive!
Watching this for the forth time now 😂
Damn I love your videos
1:35 ....... @House
That beer is awful clear
They are sooooo cute!😍😍
Jesus, now even Haim is using that dumb slowed-down voice gimmick. Preferred the previous '80s production influence to this 2013 Miley Cyrus influence.
If this was a movie, it could be better than Hanna Montana
The girls looks like they are having fun.
My weave has been snatched to mars and back I'm shaking
these girls sure do LOVE walking
This made me realize I like white girls
Love this and love them
For some reason I'm reminded of The Hannah Montana Movie every time I see this.🤠🤠
Seria meu sonho vierem para o Brasil?
Jews rock
This!!! 🤗💃🏾🕺🏾
Este looks so happy, i love it
Paul Thomas Anderson showing why he's the true Master
I like the music HAIM creates. It inspires me to write songs in my own way and believe that there is still some place for new musicians. Must admit, if just one person reads this it will make my day. I'm a music artist from Azerbaijan (I guess you even don't know where this country is). I do know that folks always make these comments, but I believe that I will be the one you'll be excited you decided to listen to. If ONE PERSON could just give this a thumbs up, you will be a great step closer to helping a person's dreams come true. I swear that I don't suck and you won't be disappointed. I Just need one chance and 3 minutes.
OBSESSED WITH THIS SONG!!! 😍😍
Cutest thing ever, and Alana’s legs, oh boy!
why does the blonde sister look like a giraffe
I love them, but they make too many of these kinds of videos.
I love it when you Haim sisters dance!!
Love these ANKLE BOOTS QUEENS!! They need to come out with a fashion line, I love each of their styles!
y’all make me feel so sassy and happy!!! love my queens who invented walking and dancing
love how each sister has their own distinct style!
Well this simply brightened up my day!
gotta say the mixes are also pretty great!!!!!
I feel like I'm watching Footloose, or at least, the soundtrack video for it.
Nothing but respect for my presidents.
Great talent.  Stevie Nicks made a great impression on this band and it shows.  Rock on!\nhttps://www.facebook.com/stevienickstribe/
This project, like the feature movie La La Land, was acquired on 35mm film with old fashioned Hollywood filmmaking techniques with great results, in this case the Saturday Night Fever look which can be appreciated when viewed on big screen TVs with big sound. Let’s hope more new, young producers, directors, and performing artists keep this in mind when they have the budget for this great traditional craft option to electronic cinema. By keeping it alive it supports production businesses and trains people so they can acquire the skills and keep the jobs they love.
this is my new fave musical
They hit the floor again haha
Haim be kicking out the jams. I fuck with it.\n\nP.s. Alana is wifey.
LITERALLY CANT STOP REPLAYING
I nEED to see them dance with LANY!
they made me want to dance too
i love this so fucking much
I had sex with all 3 & then i woke up
It's unfortunate that girl groups don't get successful unless they make overtly sexual music.( Fifth harmony or little mix)  Haim are pure talent.
I find myself wondering if the entire band would implode if one of them decided to get a haircut. Or even a hairstyle.
there is nothing cool about los angeles
Reminded me of that Fiona Apple video where she dances with those small kids dressed in suits. PTA <3
Dig the 80's sound, keep it coming!
I love this
HAIM makes walking look so cool
Choreography ❤️
Wow, Can't stop Watching! Sooo great!! ^^ <3
Come to Indonesia pleaseee
0:28 What happened here? It looks like they have ALL lost weight. Why? I liked them before...because the music is good. They didn't need to do this. Especially 0:28!
fuckin dykes
I'm in love. AGAIN!
I suddenly want to become a HAIM sister.
This is adorable!! I love these girls!!
This is that Punch-Drunk Love feel from PTA
The lights turning on at 2:55 is awesome.
1:03 Alana running in the background to get in to the position lol. Great video.
Glad I'm not the only women with hair like this xx
QUEENS OF WALKING QUEENS OF DANCING QUEENS OF BEING SISTERS TITS OUT FOR HAIM
I love this video. They are very talented.
This song and video feel like such a great nod to early 2000s pop and I'll definitely learn the choreography just like I did to Bewitched's 'C'est la vie'
isn't this that one scene in the hannah montana movie
This song makes me think that the good times are not the ones that stayed in the past, but what we do at any moment.
01:34 great part of the song!
Bloodpop remix is better!!
HAIM dancing makes me smile
They always have fun in their videos. I love these ladies. 😘
They're great musicians and they can dance also.
envyyy 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 i wish i have sisters like 'em
YouTube actually recommended something good for once.
Yeeeeeeeesssssss🙌🏻🙌🏻💖💖
great song, bad lip syncing
wowwww!!!!love it
This is tooooooo cuteeee
ALANA EU TE AMOOOOO
refreshing music
LANY & HAIM WILL BE LEGENDS💖❤💛
BOOGIE NIGHTS YAAAAAY
Maravilhosas.
Queens of Walking
That was fun!
wtf iz thiz? reallyz?
Yes yes yessss!!! Lovin' it!! ^.^
queens of walking
❤️💛💚
Favorite yet!!!!!
They definitely invented walking. #truestorybro
This is curing my depression
só amo 💖
Alana forever !
☯ ♪♫•*¨*•.¸¸ Love it
YALL DID THAT
<3
❤
Maravilhosas 👏👏👏
this is lovely
Love it wohoo
Danielle = Spencer Hastings 😊
looks like a zumba class
Este marry me <3
love this
LOVE THIS!!!
played at 0.5x, to better enjoy the lovely presence of this vdo.
I loooooved this so much!
When will you and Felix get married 😻
You're my inspiration and my idol 💗
Half of the comments are probably girls saying OMG YOUR SO CUTE or TELL ME WHERE YOU BOUGHT THOSE SHOES. But I'm a guy and I feel out of place
Plz say something to Dillon the hacker
I like her mindset of having joy in simple but actually beautiful things.
It's so aesthetically pleasing (just like her new icon) It's so beautiful! (as always)
The Joy of Creation
This video was autumazing! 😃\n\n\n\n\n\nI'll leave
That teapot omg 😍
Yep
I love these videos Marzia :)
Autumn is pretty
your videos remind me how the world can be a paradise if you look at the right direction🌼
who else clicked on it coz it looked like autism?
This is the best video I have watched for the whole month.\nAlthough I watch Felix everyday, it's sort of like cats and dogs. The video made me think about life in a brand new pair of glasses.
So u see colors and tomatoes. I see darkness and depression. Enjoy your autumn :p
You make Brighton look amazing. Would love to live there!
i love your voice marzia, love you ❤ subscribe 😋
to be honest u deserve better than the new pewdiepie
I swear you get more beautiful everyday!
I at first thought the title read Autism lol
I wish I lived where you live, it's soo beautiful :0
this is so cute I love it
but autumn isn't a mood...
her videos are so nostalistic fr she should go on an advert for ANYTHING
I want to thank you Marzia. Today was my first day at the university and I was so afraid and had so much anxiety, but your video was so calming and helped me so much to focus and to slow down. <3
After watching this video I immediately bought the beret but I have no idea how to wear it properly😭
The composition/editing of this video is so lovely ❤️
that last shot was so pretty, jus like the rest of the video ofc
This makes autumn look like such an alive season, thank you. This is really beautiful
Marzia I love your aesthetic with everything you do. You definately have the heart and eye of a designer, everything seems carefully thought about and looks so beautiful! May I ask what are the berries at the beginning of the video, we dont have anything like those here in Canada! Wishing you a happy autumn, its the best time of year!!
This felt like a Wes Anderson short!!
shame youre dating a nazi fuck
Marzi u are so pretty pews is to but you omg☺️
Happy birthday! (Don't know for sure)👅👅👅
those pics of u and felix im dead theyre so cute
These little videos are so cute
I like how her videos are made like this and are beautiful and interesting while pewdiepie is him screaming at a camera trying not to laugh
I really really like you Marzia.\nYou're the sweetest girl I've ever seen :)
You're so beautiful ❤️ i love so much marzia! ❤️💖
i love it soooooooooooo much T^T
That was so good it almost made me cry
WHY ARE YOU NOT VERIFIED?
Marzia, the cinematography in your videos is always so good! How you did it?
I recently got a beret, i look like a dork wearing it.  PLeAse TEACH USSS ;-;
This video is so relaxing and cute! Thank you Marzia >///<
I Love your videos, you are so cuuuteeee❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love how calm these videos are. I can relax my mind in this minute
i love the music!
Hi Marzia, I am looking into learning Interior Design on the side of college courses, and I was wondering what software or program you are/were using to learn interior design? Did you enjoy it? Was it what you expected it to be? are you still perusing ID?  Will you or have you taken an ID Certification exam? You're so inspirational and lovely, Thank You! <3
i love autumn! And you ♥
The thanks for watching ruined it. LOL
very beautiful and nice video Marzia. thank you.
It was simple, beautiful and aestheticly pleasing. Love it!
Marzia During Fall: *makes fun cute autumn video*\nFelix during Fall: *screaming at screen*
I love marzia cause she is so trendy and cool and nice and sometimes we see her butt :)
This video was named after me 😂  my name's Autumn
Your videos make me feel at peace ╰(*´︶`*)╯♡
What is this warmth in my chest? lol!!
Meanwhile in Texas: it's is f******* hot whyyyyyyyyy
When will you marry Felix?!
I love Autumn & It's a Great Video to relax to mind ♡♡ it.
This is so aesthetically pleasing
stunning
naturally aesthetic
1:09  Thanks for posting :))
😍
So beautiful.
wonderful!
https://youtu.be/axDhsWFSpeY
So beautiful.
That Barney was creepy
Love your videos!
Peng
Пупсик💓
So sweet~~
<3
I cried
Perfect!
Very nice indeed 🍂🍁
Aw it's Soo bootyfull
beautiful video Marzia!!!
GET YOUR TITS OUT FOR AUTSUMNSNNSNN
Loooveee iitt
that was beautiful
this is so cuteee
Autumn Matzia takes my breath away.
ur so cute😭😭😭
i really like her artsy pow
This is soooo cute
you are so beutiful!
ughh... this is so esthetic.
Beautiful. Amazing
Как это мило ♥ Cute ^-^
È una pubblicità? Lo sembra
Marzia farai mai un video in italiano ?
This video was not good
That hair color not suit on you. I'm sorry. I think you look more attractive with dark color hair.
Damnit... This video just made me drop $60 on the pre-order. The hype is real!
I wanna be hyped but the last AC game that was properly optimised on Pc was Rouge please do a good job on Pc i really want to love this game but i still can't play AC3 to this day on PC cuz there's 20fps in cities
The number hitpoints that appear above of the ai's head are just too big, they need to get rid of it or make it smaller
BTW,can I aim the arrow at the guard's private parts as I please?Just like we do in sniper elite?
we took a 2 year break so we have more time to copy and paste from other developers
I only have 1 issue with this game. Where are the damn corner kills?! Petition any1? Other than that.. game looks sick
I have ever seen a game like this 😎
Everything looks amazing! Hope it will be as great as AC 2 :)
Excellent.
Heavenly Sword?!
No double Assasination?
Stealth is life :D
It'll be cool if they put in a motion control option for the flying arrows on PS4. When controlling the arrows, just steer by moving the controller. Just an option would be neat.
Is it wrong I preferred the old combat system like from Black Flag? ;-;
Esse jogo vai ser incrível!!!!
I hope theres a way to turn off those big annoying yellow numbers.
Why is everyone complaining about the controllable arrow, it's like the best thing I mean if say if you don't have a great aim then you can control the arrow into where you want it to go..I mean stop complaining people!!!This game is so awesome I can't wait!!!
Games is fantasy,its just for fun.so lets enjoy it gamers!
so i guess im turning off the hud and not using the arrow for the best experience.
still waiting on a World war 1 or 2 assassin creed game that or a cowboy one.
I'm so happy for games like MGS V and this one it seems. They are GAMES. It doesn't need to limit itself.
Well I guess I'm hyped, I just won't know where to start. People will do amazing things in this game and I'll just sneak around in those bushes.
ok 2 major problems. 1) Steerable arrow? This is even more WTF then the cloaking device from the last game. 2) You have a lone guy walking at night and have your bird attack him and yet you just pop out and put an arrow in his head. Why even use the bird.\nAnd WTF is with the giant MMO pop up damage numbers?
This game is very good in graphics,but if i try to buy and  install it in my pc ,it will blast...
WOW looks freakin great!!! I wanna buy this =D
I want and assassins creed in ancient Japan with Ninjas and Samurais.
Here is my one key question: is an enemy ever too high level to be stealth-killed?
I don't get the part with the controllable arrow. HOW?
La baguette has very good english
so everyone will use bow because it more easy and more stealthy because ai is dumb
Many choices to the player. this is i like!
Looks promising but they better have fixed the modern day story. Another deaf mute character running around the place hacking computers and i'm officially done with AC.
First time I'm going to play assassins creed more then 5 min.
The combat looks so plain.
So i can control the fire arrow? :O
that large enemy type assassination animation needs more work in my opinion....
wow you can change the time\nnew Prince Of Presia confirm
Are the PC specs out yet?
please turn off the numbers when you hit someone  😕
I absolutely cannot wait for this! Every vid I see on it makes me more and more excited! Long live AC!
Take my money and give me that game right now
imo, theres too much control on that arrow, arrows turning corners is just -- wat.
02:30\n\nNope. No thanks. I won't upgrade into that. No challenge at all. But the taming ability is cool tho.
Why can't they make a modern day assassin's creed please man bump this RPG I want a real arrow type assassin's creed
Not a fan of the cruise missile arrow. How is that logical?
Nikita arrows.... yes sure.\nJust another thing they steal from MGS (in a really bad way). I mean, I like how the graphics and the worlds of AC evolve. But why is the gameplay just a mix of different things from other stealth/action/open world games? I don't understand this. No real innovations, only self-repeating and stealing. I really liked AC in the beginning. Ezio, da Vinci, the flying machine etc.. There were innovations and a charismatic protagonist. But in the last years this game really degraded. And I don't have much hope that these really important things will be revived soon, because too many people are getting hyped too fast, because of stylish trailers and good looking graphics.
Guys, we have pieces of eden, lightning shooting swords, an ability to clone yourself with a magic ball, precursor gods like Juno, and you are complaining about an arrow being to unrealistic. Lmfao
Guided arrow ? Is it Missile ? Why Ubisoft.
Assasin's Souls
MGS V +1
No multiplayer?
Assasins call of predator arrow
WTF Arrow !!!?
i am so hyped <3
Dat AI
I will surely be jealous of who gets this game, as I am still a user of a ps3, and my parents still say they can't afford an HD TV
I have a lot of fate in the team that made Black Flag...so I have no doubt \n, they know what they doing.
I would not using The predator Bow. It’s to much overpowered. The fly angle must be dramatic limited. But iam hyped for the Game. The Gameplay and Graphics are insane.
A demo for PC would be real good....I have some doubts I can't run it smoothly. I saw the System Req. , but still I want feel it with my mouse.....I think you should consider this...
I hope this game has a lot of enemies.
No no no no... This combat system is terrible....  The ability to control the arrow is also terrible.. Why remove the old realism? Why adopt elements from the Witcher and Dark Souls? Where is your individuality? It would be possible to make the option of viewing arrow, but not control it. And, for example, you can make an interesting angle at which it is visible as the arrow pierces a head through
Also delete the damage calculations, this AC not dota's nor fighting game
Without present day, AC is bullshit.
they should rename the game in AC: the magic arrow
Directing Arrow - Nothing is True, everything is permitted! :-)
Looks fun, but seriously, the ability to tame predators and a controllable bird, think it should be named Assassin Creed: Primal
Ubisoft said the same will sell better than syndicate but worst than unity, this has me worried as I feel that whether origins is good or bad, it will never sell as much as previous games and the ac franchise will only keep going downhill. Until Ubisoft lets it die quietly.\n:(
remote controlled ammunition? in ancient egypt? really?
Don't think my 1050ti would be able to play this
Arrow looks to be a game breaker. Hope I'm wrong.
Cant wait to play this game!!
Far creed primal
You can control arrows no way I know what skill I'm choosing
Even Ubisoft is making a better Metal Gear then Konami...
If your hidden blade isn't high enough level but you sneak up behind an enemy and stab them in the skull, they'll brush it off then get into fighting stance?..actually, I've seen footage of it.🤔
Hacer un juego que se parezca lo mejor posible a Egipto, que se vea muy real y luego le meten flechas que se controlan con control remoto. Claro que sí. 🙄 bien de época.
not sure if it is assassins creed or far cry primal
People hate for no reason. ....ok maybe the guided Arrow is a sure dumb nonsense but come on its a game where ur playing a dude jumping from buildings and landing on his feet with no problems
instead of curving a bullet where curving arrows now In a whole new way. sponsor by Ubisoft
So this is Assassin creed combined with far cry and metal gear.
Meh, I won't pay for it anyway.
Good lord this game looks beautiful and amazing
I'm so excited for this game. It seems the developers know we hate the combat in assassin's Creed and are creating a better more enjoyable game. I hope we can disable the hud though I just wanna enjoy the game with no distractions or flashing bulls hit. I want to be in the game devs stop crippling us and barfing a nasty ui in our faces if we don't want it.
Cool
Worst sideburns i have ever seen.
this predator arrow is so bad...
very nice.
Boring!!!!!!!!!!!
Please don't suck.
Hidden blade only playthrough\n 😉👌
Predator bow looks ridiculous and stupid 😂😂😂
Becoming better everyday
Ку Ку Ёпта
türkçe dil desteğide koyun şu amına kodumun oyununa
Curving an arrow is stupid. Sorry.
Can't wait to see how unfinished this game is when they release it. Broken animations, robotic movement, terrible combat, no social stealth, blending into crowds?\n\nWhat ever happened to Hiding in plain sight?
Controlable arrows? Wtf???
I hope that their is no downgrade. Because almost every Ubisoft game is downgrade
Seriously? Still no cover Animations in a stealth game. \n\nAnd after assassination kills the Nov just falls straight through Bayek?\n\nSoft cover in this game looks like you crouch down staring straight into a wall. Look at the last of us if you want a good example of soft cover. Even did it fairly well in Syndicate. Why is it gone???
I don't see why people are hating on the predator bow. On every assassin creed game after you kill a guy it's like time freezes while you have a whole dialogue with each other. Can't question logic now
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?737917626
When all is said and done the liberals will blame this on George Bush.
I'm holding my breath to see when her luggage comes off....
*Breaking bullshit\nThe Las Vegas Shooting was a hoax
Not surprised...\nAsian women are fucking monsters with their mouths.
Comment section is full of poisonous comments and idiots who think they know more than experts
It’s not fair that she’s all over the news
BUMP-STOCK , BUMP-STOCK ,  not so sexy......LET'S TALK !
He's a fucking terrorist what else do you need to know ?
She will date another white man to get better life, money and citizenship for sure.
Does he considered as Christian Terrorist?
Fake News! False Flag! The US Government orchestrated this “shooting” from beginning to end
whst we do know is that she is an idiot
Racist white media !\nThey digged up and circulated more of this woman's photos that the white killer itself!
Let's not blame the crackers, let's find a way to blame non whites somehow.......
Do you think she really doesn't know? And was this a ex because I have been seeing different stories making it seem like that.
Wake up people! He wasn’t the shooter. He was the fall guy. There were two shooters. One was on the fourth floor. There’s actual video of it. Plus taxi driver video of two different gun shots from two location. I don’t believe anything the news says and you shouldn’t either.
Earn extra cash from home. Easy and  simple just follow link for instructions. 1GwLg7LjyWXtA2SphJ97zNvkgBergJZf13
She shouldn't be news. Leave her be. Honestly.
The whole thing of her not being in the country and all that stuff is clearly planned by her and boyfriend. Pretty good story.
you can’t believe this shit.... what a fucking cover up.. they heard more than two guns.. they used this gambling drunk dude as a scape goat. People even said he had no fucking gun experience??? \nThere is no fucking way all that ammunition gun explosive crap got up there with only one dude..\nLegit you’re being lied to
Wonder if she's single
Let the fucking woman live her life. Jesus
We should be able to pak her
This Nip is a honkey lover
What's it like to have horrible taste in men..
Distracting people from the real issue guns guns and gunswho sold it to him and why they didn't report him.we know how is going to end he was 'insane'' case close.
videos of taxi driver has multiple shooters you can even see one in drivers mirror,4th floor videos of gun shots ,videos of police officer firing into crowd as they are trying to escape ...you morons want to believe all this ...got help us !! and for you protecting the guilty you can lie to us all you want but you just lost your ticket to salvation ...
Can she be asked to submit to a lie detector test?
When they zoom in on her face
Know why they keep using that same picture with his eyes closed,cause they are pushing the white Christian agenda,that's not gonna work if people see the pics of him with his head scarf on embracing his religion of peace lol
look to see if she had a insurance policy on the man   filipinos do this type of stuff
Hey Guys! This Is Great! I Got 𝔽𝕣𝕖𝕖 𝕏𝔹𝕆𝕏 $𝟝𝟘𝟘 𝕡𝕣𝕠𝕞𝕠 𝕔𝕠𝕕𝕖𝕤 Here – >  #Claimyourfreepromocode
Yeah, because the smartest thing to do is to interview the shooter's gf that fucking lives thousands of miles away
Here's the thing about this shooting; If it WASN'T a false flag, a black-op or any other kind of politically motivated act of terror perpetrated by some shadowy government operatives to push a political narrative, then god DAMN the shadowy government types who it would be assumed would perpetrate something like this hit the fucking jackpot with this one. And, the people who could use an event like this to push narratives and issues (such as changing gun laws) came into an outrageous windfall with the political rhetoric and talking points gained. The question is, are we supposed to believe that's a coincidence?
Treating his ex like a rock star. Good job
she hid the money in the Philippines
Oh we need *strong* leads... Let's not get a person who was there at the point of the shooting,  let's get someone who was *miles* away... *SHE MIGHT KNOW SOME SHIT*
So shes the girlfriend of the other shooters as well
If I were her I'd have stayed out of country there are a lot of angry stupid people right now and guess who's face is being blasted around by the fucking news.
I saw many south east Asian women with white Americans why?
Asian women look hot even when  they're  old........gonna get me one.
The mainstream media has to be furious he doesn't fit into a certain demo. Besides his skin color he's just not that interesting. Sigh.
She obviously knew what was gonna take place. She should be held somewhat responsible.
Wait, did they say she was in the Philippines during the attacks or was  the plane made a u turn? \n\nFrom what was broadcasts on the news, they put her in Las Vegas.
Not cool people are going to blame this lady.
Blame everyone else beside the white man smh
Mandalay hotel employee released a receipt from room service where it clearly shows there were TWO guests registered at the paddock room. Instagram Isayaah Parker
What is achieved by bringing over that poor woman who was an ocean away and putting her through more problems? Because she's foreign, it's okay to ruin her life? Disgusting
Clickbait for views. Downvote this video off of trending
THIS IS WHY I NO LONGER PARTICIPATE IN LARGE MASS GATHERINGS LIKE THIS CONCERT,  THEY WERE ALL SITTING TARGETS, LIFE AS WE KNOW IT WILL NEVER BE THE SAME, PEOPLE NEED TO WAKE UP AND REALIZE THAT WE CAN'T BE FREE WITHOUT CONSEQUENCES. MOST NIGHTS I STAY HOME, MOST CREEPS BECOME CRAZY HALF PAST 9PM.
And now the cia is gonna kill her
I don't even have to scroll through the comments to know that there are a lot of fucking losers in here who are wanna be journalists and reporters that think they have anything to offer on this story lol. The only people who know what's going on are the police, that's it. So stfu and when they have anything new they'll tell everyone and then you can act like you're the one who knew it all along.
Fake news yall see this video of a man running towards the shooter asking the cops to give him a gun
Well alot of Asians are Euro worshippers anyway so it really isn't a surprise
I don't think she knew. She was in the Philippines for 2 weeks before this happened.
a lot of people said she would not go back to the US. now what?
she just happens to be out of the country and had money wired to her prior to this? hmm something seems off
I have to wonder where this number of $100,000 sent to the Philippines comes from and if that information was fact checked by these news outlets that have been reporting it. I lived in the Philippines and I don't believe you can send that much money to that country in particular. It is more likely that as is typical in the Philippines, Filipinos may refer to the Peso as dollars. It could be that he wired P100,000 (about $2,000), although it could be difficult to even wire that much with the new laws in place to prevent outsiders funding potential terrorist groups.
She’s ISIS and had pics of him in panties.  Case solved.
why do they put her face up like a mug shot? she didn't do anything...she's not a suspect..ruin her life pin head fake news
How much you wanna bet they torture her into confessing, then this whole thing gets wrapped up in a neat little bow?
She doesnt have to answere anything at all,If i were her id say to the media and police.....Hi and just stare at them... or tell them to go get donuts and coffee......
American media is so funny
I really hope antifa was behind this so we can label them as a terrorist group
Get her tf out of LA lmao. We don’t want her ass here
$100,000????? She can now fulfill her dream of opening a nail shop in the lobby of the Mandalay Bay Hotel #Winning
1:24 what kind of cosmetics are you using on your eyebrows they look nice.
The media will blame her, the shooters brother, the shooters rough childhood and even the hotel and it's security..... But they won't blame the politicians who allowed high powered guns for civilian purchase huh.
The particular fetal doppler handyhülle baby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors app makes hearing with regard to your baby's heart defeat an entertaining and social experience\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
Note to Self: Don't date white guys.\n\n\n\n2nd note to self: Don't make jokes about not dating white guys.\n\n3rd note to self: 2nd note might have been too late.
*All the keyboards at CBS smell like Hillarys fingers now!*  #FISHY
She looks like a gold digger
Thought and prayers for the victims families.
Hey‼️ for anyone out there that like a YouTuber who post everyday that's what I do. I post comedy skits, vlogs and pranks. Go ahead and subscribe to me so you can laugh.. ENJOY, THANK YOU ALL.💯💯 just uploaded a video!
Because he didn’t like country music
This is just a bad year for everyone I guess. And I thought 2016 was garbage. It's just so sad that this is the world we're giving our children.
When there is a crime such as this, ofcourse they eye and question the husbands, wives, family members, friends, or anyone connected or close to the suspect or criminal ya'll.
The woman is coming to the US to help /cooperate with the investigation even though she doesn't even live in the US. The good ol media trying to get this woman killed for dating the wrong guy.
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=61816
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
FAKE NEWS !!!!!! B******* allegations
She a sexxy Lil thing.
Everyone related to this dude is loony toons.
Scary Killer Clown Attacks as PENNYWISE From IT Breaks Windshield watch now wtf 😂😂http://gsurl.in/7dil
http://ggghhh8.com/intr/f3ebce4e7f041027 \nfree
Sucky reporting with no value
Check out our blazing BWW challenge https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7yFCcbOig0&feature=share
Please watch this: https://youtu.be/qvnU8TAiG8E
Rachel Kim.
https://go.twitch.tv/dracoz3r0
Distraction damn shame
Fake Hoax.
Build a wall!!!!!!
she's innocent...
Do not be fooled ISIS had something to do with this
No wonder he did it. she ugly af
To think she does not know anything is wrong. There must of been clues, and she choose to do nothing.
my forst question is...whered you get that cleavage!? your boyfriend? not so interested...weve got barbed wire and jumper cables for him....is it a push up bra? is it vintage?
this is not going to go the way you think... clever
Inb4 stronk womyn properly controls the uncontrollable powers because she's stronk and independent
Omf why do I love kylo so much
Mustafar is red,\nKamino is blue,\nIts over Anakin,\nI have the high ground.
Dont watch it in the theatres. Dont give them your money. Watch at home.
great. so is power the new age?
i really like this trailer!
What if Rey is the sister, Ben is the brother and Snoke is the father. What if they're the trinity of the force?
EEEW YUCK. She better not take his hand.\nNot definite that he's who she said that to, though.
Who's watching this in 3017 where we now had libre sabers.\nCommenting from future to say Darth Vader is well and alive.
Yo who else cant wait to see it
The descendant of Palpatine and Skywalker will be the chosen one, neither Jedi nor Sith, but something different; something new.
Im just here to find daddy eight thoughts comment
I want GREY JEDI GIVE ME GREY JEDI
Kinda spoiled too much. I mean, we already know Carrie Fisher is dead and they aren't CGI-ing her for ep. 9 so that shot of Kylo targeting Leia is pretty much confirming he's gonna kill her too. Then there's the scene where Rey asks Kylo for help to know her place in the galaxy-so she's turning to the dark side because Luke wouldn't train her because he wasn't afraid before but he is now.
Mark Hamill is such a good actor
Disney giving us all the best Christmas present we could ask for this year!
I've actually lost count of the number of times I've watched this trailer.
Get ready for another copy and paste. I got a bad feeling about this.
Can’t wait for December 🙌
Hope Luke will be there more than 5 min and Kylo will not cry whole movie lol :DD Kylo is worst actor ever and in this movie is total fail
I can't wait!!!
Are Kylo Ren and Rey going to bone? Cause that would be awesome.
A man is smart, a man likes star wars
The Force is with Shady now
I'm so hyped for the film it lands on my 38th birthday....
This is why I hate trailers.. It looks like Rey joins the dark side by the end, and in the 3rd film, Finn has to bring her back.\n\nI hope Kylo Ren dies btw.
And where is R2D2 or C-3PO?
This is it, fans.\nWill Rey answer the call of the Jedi, or will the Dark Side sway her?
Don't know why i don't like Star Wars movie, i feeling like that i'm looking a Cartoon..
Please don't be an Empire strikes back rehash.
Better be good as the first one was just a new hope rehashed and i hope finn dies as hes a really bad actor
THE HYPE IS REAL!
Spoiler alert\n\n\n\n\nSnoke is the emperror...\nSorry if i killed your dreams...
Did they just replace Han Solo with a chubby mogwai?
Ohh my god, my excitement for this movie just shot up to 100....
Ren was giving Rey his hand... either she's turning or he turns for her. Either way Reylo is still on the table folks, so don't dismay!
The chills... even after like the 20th time watching this
this is going to be bad :|
oh, my, does she become a villain? I hope not. I really like her character and can't see her as evil. she is too pure.
Where's Mace Windu?!?! He's not dead!  I just know it! 😭 haha he probably is but does anyone else think he's still alive?
Will be far better than Jar Jar Abrams last episode...
rip justice league thor and any other movie coming this summer
Just imagine the theaters the night this film comes out, I truly feel bad for the employees. it'll probably only be safe to watch this in theaters a month after it releases lol, after the hype dies down
My God, that ending. What does it mean?!
Beyond fantastic. I am so hyped for this, it's unreal! WOW! Tears in my eyes for sure
I've forgotten all the Star Wars before the force awakens now...
Omg!!! This is gonna be awesome. It’s gonna be better than any Star Wars ever made.
Another episode 5 in disguise?
Watching this CGI and thinking: '''I wanna see Pirates of Caribbean.''
Am I the only one who kinda feels like the last scene in the trailer is very cut-together? Maybe I´m not the only one, but I sure feel like it. Put aside that the backgrounds look different, there are other reasons why I don´t think this scene will be there or play out different then presented. Rey simply turning to the Dark Side and Kylo training her... makes no sense. Think again, Rey searches her place in this wide world, knowing there is more beyond, feeling there is something reaching out to her, calling her. But her lines that she speaks here apply to Kylo just as much, he too searches his place, believing it is being a Sith but feeling the Light Side. \nSo, either this are really two completely different scenes, only connected by the lines spoken and what they mean OR Rey understands the ultimate balance and wants to reach out to Kylo, to see the whole picture.\n\nI really like the first trailer and the lines spoken there:\n\nLuke Skywalker: Breathe. Just breathe. Now reach out. What do you see?\nRey: Light. Darkness. A balance.\nLuke Skywalker: It's so much bigger.
This is looks actually original
She’s leaning toward the dark side I see 😮😧👾
Every single new character is terrible. From BB8 to Snoke, and the dreadfully lame humans in-between, they couldn't have got it more badly wrong if they tried. Missing the mark at every opportunity. And to make it even worse they destroyed the legacy of the iconic characters.
Wait captain plasma is ALIVE I though she died
Brought tears to my eyes seeing Carrie Fisher. RIP Leia
disney: here is the empire stikes... THE LAST JEDI TRAILER i mean!... sorry
is kylo ren trying to obtain a mangekyo sharingan? cause hes killing every family he had
Wow how much did they pay for Snape
looks like rey will be on first order. like ankin turned to darth vader
What was that thing Snoke was standing on  when torturing  rey? Something  tells me  Snoke isn't  just  Snoke,  but a rouse. ...
Rey back the hell away from my man, Kylo.
****SPOILERS****\n\n\n\n\n\nRey is related to Palpatine!\n-Force Awakens flashback you hear Palpatines scream\n- 0.23 you hear his scream when she ignites her lightsaber\n-Luke says he has felt this power before and it didn't scare him before referring to the Emperor\n-Snoke tells her to fulfil her destiny
As if they would hint kylo ren killing his mum that wouldve been an epic surorise
Star wars the first order strikes back. Rehash ffs
i hope there is a scene when luke goes ham on stormtroopers
I just wanted to see Luke ignite his lightsaber. Is that too much to ask for?!
Hey everyone Eminem is trending number one
This will be so sick
Wow, Luke skywalker scared? I wouldn't want that fear to lead to anger or some other feelings eventually.
Is Star Wars Fifa or why so many releases?
Carrie Fisher!  Ice foxes!
Tax reform issues on 2018 https://t.co/YtdMWEHH1V
something something something dark-side...
I am So hyped
Incredible trailer
I like this :-)
❤❤❤❤
Ha
Sorry but Eminem dissing trump is #1 now
Keren.
So excited!!!!!!, 😁😁😁
Snoke is Jar Jar Binks.
omg yay kilo wren survived 😈
I thought Phasma stabbed herself
Kocham mame
#2 Trending...big whoop.
Reylo !
mada mada
I like Chewbacca
15k trekki
Called it. ESB rehash.  X{D
Awesome
My name is oolgaa
'Beyond there, something special.\nSomething... PRECIOUSSSSSSSS'
Uughhhh I CAN'T WAIT ANYMORE AAAAAAAA 🌋🌋🌋🔥🔥🔥
ill sub anyone who subs me
Chewbacca!!
😀 this is Timmy \n👕1 like=1 year older\n👖how old can we get him
been drinking jack and coke. cant see out of my right eye. and doctors in the house?
I see a lot of comrades in this section. How is going comrades? How is price of potato?
Take some more medication and hang out with child molesters in Hollywood Marshall! Liberalism is a mental disease that meds can't fix.
Eminem the Caucasian Tupac. Always speaking about what every other rapper too scared to mention in our corrupted society. Reason why they're the two greatest rappers ever in my eyes.
Dayyyum i thought “cry me a river” was the white mans “hit em up” but this shit hard!
Trump will send a nasty tweet and ban rap
Freedom of speech is a mf lol
I love Eminem so much more now. Can't wait for trump to tweet tomorrow at 3am how Eminem and BET has the lowest ratings ever in history lol
Go back to doing drugs and talking about killing yourself & family. Also if people get to openly judge Donald Trump for his skin color/tone then it's acceptable to do the same of Blacks, Yellows, Browns, Reds... ect.
Damn trump better not try to diss Eminem or it’s over
I'm not a trump fan but this shit stupid. This white boy can wrap for shit.
When you're the Greatest rapper of all time and spend the weekend binge watching CNN and the Jersey Shore Season 2...nice beard, bro.
If you still support trump even after his views on Charlottesville AND Puerto Rico.... just kys you’re the absolute definition of stupid 😂🤷‍♂️💯
If you were his fan when he was talking about killing women you can stomach this too
Does anyone have the lyrics of this freestyle? It would help a lot to non English Speakers like me
Where is the uncensored version? Not sure if you heard but you can swear on the internet. It's ok.
Eminem, enjoy future concerts with non-binary, safe-space, self-loathing, political correct, Marxist liberals. That's your audience now. See how that works out for you.
And of course people are going to say being racist is worse then deleting emailsBut do the retards that say that realize that she gave classified information away to the enemy and left a squadron to die in Benghazi even when they asked for airsupport. She let them to die. Our military, our brave soilders who put their life on the line to protect you and give you freedom. You wanna know what trump would've done in Benghazi? He wouldve gotten those soilders out and home, oh and keep in mind this was while Obama was in office and he did absolutely nothing
Eminem you're sounding old dude. But nice effort. \nI don't like the thumb shaped cheeto either
Wow this is powerful
I wish I can talk like this at my job =*(
This Is GOLD , Only Idiots and White weirdos Support Trump The Sick people of America!\n#DumpTrump
Where's the flow em? Dude stop this acapella nonsense pls.. go back to basics.
Anyone know where to get the uncensored version
Eminem is my favourite artist of all time. But this made me cringe a bit.
Lol. Love Eminem and Trump. Makes me all excited when eminem tells me to f off.
So much HATE!!!! 😂...meanwhile I’ll be eating popcorn 🍿 while watching
Hey remember when he did that rap about Bush and then the one on Obama.....oh wait....wait....he didn't do one on Obama? It's almost like he wants to BE black so he does whatever he needs to do to get black people to love him.
Damn a lot of Eminem dick suckers in the comment section lol
Eminem my favorite artist of all time and still kicking it. I grew up on Eminem #fucktrump
He is a great rapper and this is a good cause, but the style of this video is just weird.
all Trump supporters will have to say is hateful shit because honestly most of them aren't smart enough to understand what eminem is saying
brainwashing at its finest, wonder how much he was paid to do this
All his token black friends in the back are like 🤔🤔🤔 this shit wack asf😏😏😏
Let's see if Em has a career after a few months. #kathygriffen\nWatch what you say about the President. \nWe should never lose respect for the leadership of this country. That makes us look weak. #wackfreestyle#jussayim
Thank you Eminem......thank you for saying the truth.... thank you for having the Balls to say the truth about that Racist Filthy Pig 🐖🐖🐷🐷🐖🐷....donald trump.....
No, Marshall, the age is kicking in bruh. Took me awhile to see if it was actually him. For a second i thought this was a parody.. It's been awhile since I saw him probably since Rap God.. It's also got to be the beard and I'm starting to see wrinkles. He looks so unrecognizable.
It took 44 years for Eminem to grow 5 o'clock shadow
Can someone please give me an example on how Trump is racist?
Following Hollywood isn't always a good idea. This was a bad idea by em
Eminem looks like Mariah Carey when she dressed up as him in the Obsessed video.
So here for this
Eminem is such a loser, go back to the 90's with your crap rap..
I’m not sure why u hate trump. If u can’t see that America is a sinking ship then u are blind. I’m happy someone is fighting to bring back jobs and raise income levels. To me it’s hard to imagine America just 40 years ago and to think how far it’s fallen. You walk the streets and it’s almost like a third world country yet people think it’s the richest country in the world which it was but people don’t understand debt they don’t understand that America is flat broke and being held on life support with foreign loans. $20 trillion in debt who has ever heard of these numbers and yet they hate a man trying to bring the economy back. \nLook I wanted Obama to be a good president but the fact is he damaged America more financially then any other president. Who doubles the debt that’s irresponsible and unfair on future generations. People don’t understand that there children will have to pay that back. So far trump is getting the economy back on track. He has never said a racist word so not sure how u can call him a racist. I just see him as trying to budget the books and bring America back into the black. Oh I must be racist because i said the word black 🙄 america has gone stupid and crazy
Another superstar telling people how to think. I agree Trump is crazy but he isn't pure evil like everyone makes him out to be. Still better then Hillary.
Wait until he drops his next album...Gonna be dope af
Trump is 71 so he want live that much longer ✊
I can tell he's upset obviously lol 😂\nBOW lol. Sounds like Resident Evil.\nI'm sorry Eminem you sound dope. Just because your famous it doesn't mean you are the Pope.\nMaybe you need to get a little bit older Cuz idubbbz is dope! 
Becareful Eminem he will build a wall around your house and ban all rappers from America.
YA THE VIDEO WAS FUNNY BUT COME ON CAN YOU GUYS REALLY SAY THIS WAS FIRE
Now its time to see who actually is an eminem fan.If you actually want to leave your best rapper who helped you when no one couldnt just because of some stupid president than you really never were a Stan.
You people actually think Trump is in charge of your country? It doesn't matter who gets in, the same agenda will be played out. Learn to work together and live in peace. They want you to argue and fight amongst yourselves. It's classic divide and conquer techniques.
CAN SOMEBODY PLEASE GET JA RULE TO GIVE HIS OPINION ON THIS MATTER? WE NEED JA!
Can anyone make english subtitles to this? I appreciate that.
Cuck God. I hope his new album is better than this
Rise against Trump and his supporters. ✊🔥
The little snowflake ❄ Trumplets are gonna be triggered by this.
Ah the perfect rapper to brain wash the youth to hate trump even more
Every celebrity should go twitter and say salute the flag if your against Trump.
Anything with Trump in the title beats Youtube's trending tab confirmed
Moronic sheep in these comments dont even realize Em and Trump are both in the same Satanic team they will be sitting back laughing at all of you mental midgets while the fires burn around us.
Lost respect for Eminem Trump is trying to drain the swamp from the 4 or 5 corrupt last presidents and its no where near easy for him, i wish eminem would leave out politics and he was right about Bush but now he seems to be on the side of evil and when has trump said anything racist? its clear eminem only watches mainstream news
O.. that was it? \n\npft. \n\nI'm not Trump fan, but I do like some o' de ol Emineminem.. \n\nBut that was just old news being ranted between huffing and puffing..\nCertainly did not live up to the hype.
Didn't think eminem was retarded
Some people hating and saying he fell off because this isn't a pop song with a hook. \n\nIt's a message that rhymes. Like real hip hop. Think of it as Street poetry. 👍
I'm waiting for the movie: trump supporters vs non trump supporters
I'm just here for the insightful comments.
Eminem is old. I used to love him until this. He's so rich and has to pretend to be poor and in touch with his blackies. I didn't know if I should laugh at him or cry for him.
Y is bet helping the government stage a race war??
All Ego bullshit, they don't care about real change. Trump is still a billionaire, US president, and commander in chief. He's doing something right, so stfu
Love it!!!!
Butt hurt trump supporters
Your finished emenem, you sound like shit.
Oooohhhh!!!
Truth serum=> Trump supporters!  Take your daily dose!
Not good.
Trump supporters on suicide watch 😂😂😂😂😂😂
The Real Dare..😎
Hahahaha Eminem used to be my favourite rapper.. Bye Felicia!! lol
Lame
Gayyyyyyy
All the trump supports butthurt
obsessed much?
Marshall doesn't Matter!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-U8lZHO1ig
0:24 За Каму Пулю ответишь!
You’re fired
RUN FOR PRESIDENT 😘
❤❤❤
Well done white boy 👍
wigga u gay
This is cringy asf
Eminem for president 2020!🌎
DON DEMARCO DEMARCO!! B RABBIT BACK ON HIS BULLSHIT
Wait!  FAKE ASS RAPPER!
Trump is triggered
Shady is losing it...
As much as I dont like trump. About 80% of this was MSNBC bull shit.
People are too caught up in politics and it’s annoying. Why can’t we all just live?
Eminem once joked about kids dying at Columbine. Now he's an SJW lol.
Eminem went in on trump ass👏👏👏👏👏
Hey, rabbi  Kimmel, you are the biggest fake news in the history of TV.  Won't you alijah back to israHell? Give your crap to your own kind, fuckka!
Wrong person to pick a fight with...😂
So.. Jimmy Kimmel is a republican?.. yuck😷
sad to say that youtube's rules don't apply to this man. not his fault, still love him but kind of annoyed at  youtube
Well, you know, it's as they say, the apple does not fall far from the orange.
Notice how the trumps always point the finger at someone else when they are being told to own up to their bullshit?
Jimmy. You have been coming CLUTCH with these monologue videos lately yassss
Are you president Trump supporters, seriously proud of him?
it's funny how bad that was😂😂
I love you Jimmy!! You are always making me laugh! 🇩🇪🇺🇸😘
How is Trump a sexual predator ? Maybe I missed something. Isn't Bill Clinton the sexual predator.
But why do people actually defend trump 😂
Trump is the best thing that happened to late night hosts. They are getting rich from bashing Trump.
Your dad might be the president but you got the whole world against you and your dad lol
Jimmy is a Hilary supporter so that makes a lot of sense
Late night tv shows are for dumb peasants.
I hope for you that you never die Kimmel. Something worse than hell waiting for you XD XD XD
and to think he was on here 2 years ago
Waiting for a diss track
Raising awareness for the sake of a country is one thing. However, what will you accomplish when sending and replying to TWEETS? NOTHING. If he wants a change, he needs to go about it a different way, get your foot in the door instead of going back in forth over social media. Kimmel has a big enough support group and fan base to join him, but nothing will be done on how he’s going about it.
Hi Fellow Kimmel Fans!\n\nMy father Luis (Pochy) lives in San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico. He is known for his fun spirit and generosity towards others. There’s little to no news coverage of the town. It’s been three weeks since Hurricane Maria went through his town and he remains without electricity, running water, and inconsistent phone service. He continues to sleep in my sister’s car to avoid the heat and mosquitoes. Our hope is that he can sleep inside his home with a fan and mosquito net. The current weather is about 86 degrees with 90% humidity, so it feels hellish. He is not receiving assistance from his local government. We are his sole support right now. Almost two weeks ago, my sister Amy fled to Florida to reside with my mother in an attempt to earn a living and start a new life. As you all can imagine, finding a job and getting settled is no easy task when you don’t have income, a car, or any familiarity of your new “home.” \n\nWe are so grateful for the generous donations. Your help and kind words have been a blessing through this nightmare. Unfortunately, we need ongoing support. After gofundme took their portion, we collected a total of $961.51 which includes cash donations. We have spent $869.08 on electronic equipment, OTC medications, cash deposits so he can buy food/hygiene products/gasoline in PR, hygiene products, water filter, and shipping costs. We have $92.43 left as of right now (10/10/2017). We still need to buy him a mini fridge so he can store his food and prevent any leftover cooked food from spoiling, a car battery to power the mini fridge, food, shoes (his shoes were water damaged when his bedroom door was blown away by the Cat 4 winds), gasoline, etc. We kindly and humbly ask that you make a small donation if you can, share the page with your family, friends, coworkers, and neighbors; or mail food such as rice, dried beans, oatmeal packets, tomato sauce, canned meats, beef jerky, peanut butter, trail mix, nuts (almonds, peanuts), powered milk, instant coffee, energy bars, etc. Private message me for his mailing address. ;)\n\nIf you or your organization decide to mail him anything, please let me know so I don’t duplicate the help. Our main priority is to use the donations resourcefully and responsibly. Thank you again for all of the support and love! Blessings to you and your loved ones! \n\nhttps://www.gofundme.com/helpLuisinPR
Funny fact! Trump’s first year of presidency resembles very much to abe lincoln’s first year, they were hated with a passion and both refused to give in to popular and journalistic propaganda
Jimmy is a savage
Stick to ask people if they carry condoms
Damn, Jimmy is a savage!
That was the burn of the year, apple doesn't fall far from the tree, he is as stupid as his ignorant father.
Anybody with just a letter in their avatar picture is a fake account or a troll account, just ignore them.
That moment when you realize this same tactic for dealing with trump got him elected so you think if you do it again it'll work in 3 years XD
Trump is the President... and will get re-elected. So all your bad mouthing about him is irrelevant
This does nothing but further divide, have your own opinion.....
Sorry about your pal Harvey Weinstein Jimmy. Didn’t you guys both give money to Hilary Clinton? Must be a painful time to be a hollywood weirdo Jimmy.
Are you gonna cry again Jimmy?
With all the Trump drama and all the bad and depressing things happening in the world, here is a video for everyone to watch and laugh https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSSROlH_0ps
I think you are discreetly being tested for a prospective WH spokesperson or Press secretary job by POTUS.
This may be a bit “out there” but I’ll throw it in as well. \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyRGV6r8uuw\n\nAt roughly 16 minutes in, one of the commentators mentions, \n\n“ very  few Americans have ever been to North Korea…if you look at Jimmy Carter,…two helicopter pilots who ended up there accidentally, and a few other statesmen,  along with CNN”. \n\nCNN and WCW were owned by Ted Turner at the time, who has known links with the likes of Vince McMahon and Donald Trump. I suspect something interesting happened on this trip.\n\n Pro Wrestling has always been a vehicle for perception management, attempting to blur the lines between fact and fiction. It can be used as a litmus test for how gullible a given population is at any one time on average. By monitoring what storylines appear convincing to both the people who know its fake, “smart marks”, and the people who think its real, data can be analysed, used and sold. Is North Korea the world’s largest theatre production?  Is the “heel” waiting backstage to ruin the main event? \n\n I’ve noticed that an anagram of Kim Jong Un is in fact “JOKING MUN” .  Nonsense? Co-incidence? A Jamaican telling a joke? . If you consider MUN as these lads it becomes too entertaining not to share:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_United_Nations\n\nI hope this does not go unread.  Thanks and best wishes.
Jimmy is an actor...he is not even this smart
Why was there an add on this video and also an ass on this video wearing a suit
I almost peed my pants LOL oh crap I gotta cough I gotta stop watching this sh*t so funny, it's not a good idea to watch when you gotta bad cough.
I don't like black people to.
Gotta love late night comedy shows. It gets your mind off politics.
Funniest ever I've seen on youtube today. :D
OH HE SAID YOUR MOM CAN'T COOK OMG
You guys know you're failing. The truth is coming out
you ARE part of the left wing propanga machine you god damn regressive! LOL
jimmy keep your butthurt liberal opinions off your show
President Trump even upping Jimmy's hate game.  MAGA!
We live in the weirdest times. Our president is fighting with a comedian talk show host. Jimmy is on fire!
He only shows little things about trump that have nothing to do with his politics
what a surprise.... jimmy kimmel is trending...... again..... almost immediately when the video was uploaded....
Ugh, seven more years of this crap.
Maybe DTJ should of replies with a few clips from the man show
The Trumps don't learn! You never pick fights with comedians, they roast people for a living! Comedians will win 10 out of 11 times, the other one, is too dumb to respond.
Jimmy is Savage af! I GUARANTEE YOU!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😁👀
Jimmy, not one word about your pal Weinstein...you fake ass self appointed liberal moral compass cocksucker.
Does the hypocritic liberals remember the man show?kimmel exploiting young girls?
Why isn't Jimmy crying about all the sexual assault victims of Hollywood and pushing to end it?
Omg this was golden
Jimmy can only fool fools.
LMAO👏👏👏
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
Done
DJ TJ got me 😂 😂
Hiel trump
incoming diss track.
harvey weinstien is a jeww
lol  you all lose
This is amazing. Trumps supporters are pussys
I like Jimmy!
2,836th
great job
This was hilarous!!! Go Jimmy!
Greetings from Brazil Jimmy!
hell yea jimmy!!!!!!!
Enter
Love you
You still suck Jimmy Kimmel
Savage jimmy
Those little thumbs! LMAO!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA....
Call out this looser
dang missed that on twitter between you &  little Nob    Hahahaha
Snoop for president.
great montage!
HI SEXY
Snoop Dog part had me crying. xDDD
😆
Trumps insane.
JIMMY JUST FLLAAAMMMMMEDDDD DONALD TRUMP HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Jimmy for 2018
Snoop high af
GO JIMMY KIMMEL!
Hahhahshahahhhh
Kimmel's a Hollywood tool, scripted.
I HAVEN'T SEEN DEMOCRATS THIS MAD SINCE REPUBLICANS ENDED SLAVERY
That laugh track like audience is the reason I can't stand these types of shows sometimes. It gets so annoying...
How did I know they were going to change the subject and divert it from Weinstein to Trump...Trump Jr. was right.
The POTUS is trying to inform people therefor not repetitive. JKL is suppose to be funny but they just make political talking points easy to understand. (for the simple minded)
Where do you sign up to join the Jimmy Kimmel Hate Club?
So we basically have Joey from friends as president\n\nAny one remember on an episode of freinds when chandler asked what if Joey were president\nI would say now we know but trump dosnt have the compassion Joey tribiani had.
I just phase out when ever they start talking about tweets and listen to rock'n  robbin
Isn't it interesting how ALL late night shows are silent on these issues, then ALL AT ONCE they dole out their take on the subject once it's deemed there is enough public outcry? It's almost as if theyre all controlled by one entity handing out the same talking points 🤔
Youtuber trying to reach 13k subscribers. I make natural hair/fashion videos 💕
Check to buy the slim wallet will last for years!  http://amzla.com/ubmf7i91nrjs
These women are sexist. Harvey sounds like a creep
Lol cringe. I can't believe I just watched 10 seconds of this. Drink bleach everyone plzzzz
Yuck....\n\n\nAs a total girl power Spice Girl of the 90s myself, I do not believe that every woman has dealt with harassment. Never heard of anyone dealing with this sort of thing outside these news reports. I also wouldn't consider a passing inappropriate comment (which nearly everybody makes from time to time) to be harassment. I don't separate men from women, really; disrespectful and inappropriate behavior is wrong regardless of who is committing it against whom. Everything can and does go both ways. And I loathe the new brand of feminism that seems to operate on the repugnant assumption that women are all fragile, delicate, helpless little damsel-in-distress victims who shouldn't be criticized, questioned, or blamed for anything.
Why is this only a female problem? Women react to something that society deems unfit? May i remind everyone that real sexists are those who divide. Are we gonna have female judge to judge him, and jury or females and a female prosecutor? How about we ALL judge him based on what he has done as society not women only, i don't see only males judge a female teacher that had multiple fucks with male students. You want equality but then we patronize to women like they are different, that's sexism, im not even gonna listen to what these dumb cunts have to say, they probably bullied their way to say something based only on their gender, well i'm not gonna listen , and i dont care if progressive people call me a sexist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ercA3Pc78P4\nStill Dedicated \nCheck us out \n_LC
I’m offended that Harvey Weinstein thinks it’s OK to sexually harass women just because they’re genetically incapable doing good spit takes.
EVERYONE goes through harassment. All harassment is bad.  And calling all Men creeps is sexist.
God damn this channels growth is so slow, especially for being aired on TV every night. Is NBC not ashamed and embarrassed?It is astounding to me that Seth Myers calls himself a comedian. But then again i guess u can identify as anything now days and that makes it true
This is a great idea!
take ads of this video youtube
Worst comedy skit ever! It didn't make me laugh one bit.
I feel like I just lost 20 brain cells
Even thoufh i believe the allegations. I myself am shocked at the so called solutions these girls give out. i mean, believing any girl that comes forward and men can stop being creeps, i think seth meyers can do better than use this as some segment to bash all men.
I thought this was supposed to be funny
He's not even been found guilty of anything.
Where there are eight there are always more. Little known fact.
Judgement is coming to America, God is not pleased! America, a so called Christian Nation teaches their children they can choose their gender, that we came from monkeys, that elements and space dust formed them. They take the very knowledge of the Bible and turn it upside down! They sanction the sin of Sodom as good and right, parading it down our streets for the children to see. We let our government and media harbor and cultivate a cesspool of sin from the tv programs, music, entertainment, fashion, sexual perversion, intellectual manipulation, a greedy people. While the truth in the Bible remains to be seen and while we murder God's children in the womb, we starve them of the truth in school and direct their minds and eyes to the sins of the world. We see evil for good and good for evil. Great sorrow and judgement will come upon all sinners not saved by Christ. Do not get the biblical (Book of Revelations) mark of the beast RFID chip in your hand or forehead, nor worship the false Savior (Man of Sin) who is probably Obama, and the False Prophet is probably Pope Frances.\n\nI am writing this to bring light to the truth about Jesus Christ (Yahshua haMashiach) and God the Heavenly Father (YHWH), who is Holy and perfect. Christ and the Father are one, Christ is God embodied. It is by the grace of God that I am saved through faith and obedience unto Christ Jesus, the Word of God made flesh, the Living Lord of Lords, appointed to rule over all that is in Heaven and earth by the authority of Yahuah (YHWH). \n\nI have been born again by seeing that my ways were wicked, that my sin is an act of rebellion and is a stain upon the goodness of God and His glory. For without Christ, we are but vain men living according to the flesh and desires of this world, in ignorance to the ways of God.\n\nWithout the grace of God, Jesus Christ would never have come to set us free, His love for us was so great that He sent his ONLY begotten son (fully man, fully God) to atone for all the sins of the world through a pure and Holy life, and bore the burden on the cross of cavalry for us as an innocent and blameless image of God.\n\nIt is by accepting God's grace through trusting and obeying the gospel and declaring with your lips and believing in your heart that Jesus is the Lord whom God has raised up from the dead on the third day, that we may be saved. \n\nRepent!\nhttp://youtu.be/JRXyVbCVj-c\n\nJesus is Lord and Savior\nhttps://youtu.be/2mgUPt2KI08\n\nAtheist Delusion \nhttps://youtu.be/ChWiZ3iXWwM\n\nBeware \nhttps://youtu.be/Gba8BtJAOqg\n\nRFID Chips - Say No\nhttps://youtu.be/8jAPFZSU0vo\n\nIdols before God?\nhttps://youtu.be/QO44xspRoww\n\nEnd-Times Scripture\nhttps://youtu.be/mV2eq-KRC3U\n\nEnt-Time Disaster Signs\nhttps://youtu.be/K4SI38ji2rI\n\nMainstream Indoctrination\nhttps://youtu.be/Pe1QAY3C7n8\n\nSatan is god of the media\nhttps://youtu.be/MHOZP0PPUXg\n\nComing Soon!\nhttp://youtu.be/wvltsVh7rPs \n\nRapture Sign\nhttps://youtu.be/Ivx4M0FB2S4 \n\nCome to Christ\nhttps://youtu.be/a3VpPvp3QK4\n\nMan of Sin\nhttps://youtu.be/bgu2bDOfNw8\n\nEnd of Grace - 120 Jubilees\nhttp://youtu.be/vu6Q9ow9fHs \n\nRFID Zombies \nhttp://youtu.be/-x7BS5G6oUgk\n\nWalmart - FEMA Camp\nhttp://youtu.be/XsPl0C-pgwI\n\n40 Days\nhttp://youtu.be/Bf3JqruftUg
like they're surprised/ shocked-showbiz runs on perversity and selling out to the rich.
Harvey Weinstein, Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton should all go to Serial Sexual Predator rehab together. Why should Harvey be singled out and shamed while the Clintons run free? It isn't fair. At least Weinstein is a great talent and contributes something to the world.  His casting couch has launched many a starlett's career.
literally every executive/ producer in Hollywood is a sexual deviant/pedo
Women and Seth meyers. Comedy cancer
I am disgusted and shocked that FEMINISM STILL EXISTS
I just can't see how this is  appropriate. Doesn't seem like a laughing matter.
Hmmm, spit takes? Really? And people still wonder why woman not being funny is such a prevalent stereotype.
I don’t get why they keep spitting on each other. Maybe it would make more sense if they spat on Weinstein?
I wonder how many times they practiced this little skit reading off poster
Yet these B-holes support Hillary Clinton, the biggest rape enabler in America
https://www.gofundme.com/4jrd54w\n\nPlz read it once. I literally beg.
Lol Seth Myers now has to play this out - way late asshole.
I agree but so cringy just how unfunny these women are yikes
Look at those women getting their insecurities out.
And here I thought women in the Democratic Party liked perverts. I mean, why not, with their being so many? Bill Clinton, Ed Murray, Anthony Weiner, Harvey Weinstein, etc. But it doesn't seem to stop the DNC from taking his money and giving it to pro-Democrat groups.
thank you girls. this girl, right here, need some education to stand up for myself💪😘
If all this is true I absolutely agree he is disgusting. HOWEVER it always seems one gender waits until they are successful before speaking up. Kind of like how the same gender marries knowing they will have children with you then use that as leverage to rape you bank accounts and future earnings.
nice to see the left attack their own for once........
Is this even comedy?
Now we know why seths show is terrible. Not funny
Look what they did to Bill Crosby but Weinstein, O'Reilly and others will get away with it? They should all be punished but that's America for you...too much inequality.
Well now I know why his Monologue sucks
cry because on avg women  make %20 less then men and you cry when given a way to make %20 more then men even though on avg %35 percent of mens income gos right back to you in the form of child support just no winning not to even talk about the house you got to keep
If a woman walks out of her house alone she wants to get raped ! They ask for it
Men are men... I love them! But they do need their locked metal cages & duct tape... Can’t we just take them out & hose them off when we need them? That’s probably ‘wrong’, but it sounds like such a good bit of fun.. I’d promise to feed them & stuff...  They’d be fine, they are resilient... After all, they are men...
Am I the only one who did not find them funny?
Bless Donald Trump For Getting Black Folks Back Together, Buying From One Another, Talking To Each Other, it's Wonderful
why does this video have 1k dislikes?  are there that many pedofiles, rapists, and sexists watching this?
I feel for the victims, and hope for the best for them, but this skit... was poorly written. Very cringe.
It is soooo hard being a white male these days. All I do all day is harass women, vote for trump and be racist. I'm exhausted.
They were probably touched by him too lmao
U may now understand why the new ghost busters flopped. They probably created sympathy for Weinstein with their moronic cringe fest.
Men could just stop being fucking creeps? Wanna grab a narrower brush, please? I hate when this show gets into identity politics (whenever they invite the writers onstage).
Now I see why this show bashes president Trump every night! Two lesbians and a black lady. Antifa meets BLM
Are there no hot girls who work for the show?
Actors have been giving up that butt for fame. Even these broads....
This is so dumb and why no one is watching late night so called comedy. Its polital propaganda
These woman aren't funny at all
How did those 3 dumbies got into TV show? Let me guess...
Yes all u lambs...getting brain washed
lol noone cares what 3 stupid bimbos think. get them off the fucking tv
Who gives a f**k
Nothing for several dates and then almost on cue all the late night people have a short monologue on it. Hmmm.. \nAlso if these are the writers of this show that makes sense. they aren't funny.
It's been revealed\n\nLol. More like it's been an open secret for decades and now that the cat is out of the bag you're all pretending like you're shocked for the sake of keeping credibility amongst your sheepish liberal target audience.\n\nRemember people. These are the self proclaimed feminists and progressives that you support when you support the Democratic party.
If you want to help dissolve the board of Weinstein Co., go to Rose McGowan's twitter and sign her petition.
Sacked over allegations can someone fucking kill me
I hate you Seth Meyers
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
👌
Visit www.indis.me and expose your local luciferians!
Ddd
Improv coaches?
Fake news fake acting
Stupid fools.
3:22 @loganpaul😂
urgh, the smugness
Comedians r not funny anymore.  Like this 3 bozos
What a slob
muchluv
These writers suck at reading their cue cards!
https://youtu.be/zdmKNRpNNrs
Bill Clinton.  Bill Clinton.  Bill Clinton.  Bill Clinton.
Solid coverage!
Good old Left wing Hollywood, Sad
Tip of the iceberg, hollywood is in big trouble.
I was with this until the final statement. Don't accuse all men of being creeps and weirdos. Why are you fighting prejudice with prejudice? Some women have made up claims for personal gain but we shouldn't assume all women do that. In the same way, some men are gross but you shouldn't say all are. I feel disgusted to be something I can't control. You are to blame for making me so hesitant to even talk to a girl for fear of being labelled weird or creepy. I blame you for not realising the errors men have mad towards women in the past and instead of correcting those errors you just make the exact same judgments against men. In the same way you shouldn't fight violence with violence or oppression with oppression, don't think 'men were prejudiced against women, now we must do the same'. You are furthering the struggle for both sides. Stop
If only the women of late night were remotely funny
So did the writers write themselves into the show? How is that good writing lol
SCRIPTED COMEDY ON THIS SUBJECT IS DISGRACEFUL. SETH YOUR SHOW SUCKS.
OY VEY!!  DON'T HATE THE GOOD MAN!!  HE IS AN ANTI-WHITE LIBERAL!!  HE WAS SHOWING LIBERAL LADIES A GOOD TIME!!PLEASE DONT HATE THIS GOOD JEW!!! YOU SHOULD ALL STAY ON THE ANTI-WHITE AGENDA.  GOOD SHEEPLE
rape is not a big deal, I will pray for Weinstein
women are so unfunny it hurts
GOOGLE DAN SCHNEIDER. Same exact thing has Weinstein but with the children of Nickelodeon!\n\nWe have worked for years to expose Harvey Weinstein, Dan Schneider (of Nickelodeon) and countless other degenerative executives running Hollywood.\n\nGroups working together in Pizzagate have been ignored for years to expose these people. This is only the very tip of the iceberg. Dan Schneider is and has been doing the exact same thing Weinstein has -- except with children.\n\nDemand justice. This is beyond political spectrum. We must cut off this cancer within Hollywood.
These women make it ridiculously obvious that they are reading scrips from a teleprompter
Not funny...
What they're trying to do is suppress men from their natural instincts and I will not have it
Silly women thinking their opinions matter
Fake News
Sexual assault, (institutional) racism, tools of the Left. Pathetic.
Bet Harvey was banging Obama's daughter
Loool flagship stores? The amount of beef that'd go down in those shops 😂😅😂😅😂😅😂
Is this guy still relevant
Been waiting for dis ting.. My man blessed it
Is it true your getting a TV show called the peng life?
Fam what happened to the editing? It's a dead ting now. Man need a new editor boss man for real.
working pastor stupid thing Soviet he clinic original exhibit knee.
Black history month is in October ? Must be some UK shit
If you ever go North Cyprus go to Chicken Planet. Probably one of the best...
Please go shut down Dixy in Ilford their burgers are always nasty
Bring the suit back with the sick kicks
How your videos get lower quality?! and no FX? fuck gwaaaaaan ere
You been eating too much fried chicken
Dude talks bout frozen chips as if they're the thing. You first talk em down for not being the real thing. Then talk about oil or salt or whatever
lol his eyes... i want some of that
saw this guy at sk on air, he thinks he is fucking drake, such a wanker irl
mans put on some weight
This is the African internet kid that can eat everything
good too see man looking fly in exotic endz
Hes doubled in size since i was last here
Location is a shit hole 🕳
your youtube game has been falling off a cliff and it ain't redundancy or your physical appearance my man
Rahhh big man has put on weight!
There’s something missing from these later episodes, they don’t grab me like the old ones.. 😔
fire video. only gripe is the 480p resolution, my guy. your content deserves that 1080p 60 fps butter. let's go.
Mans the only wings you got now is bare bingo
Those 97's had a brother in the feels. Shout out to MAROC.
When you going to the 5/5 everything chicken shop?
He's back!! Bout fuckin time
All them chicken wings making you look like one
Don't come back here after so long
Why did he disable the comment section?!
nah what happened to the previous cameraman
Wasn’t feeling this one, please raise the levels as you normally deliver.
Why the fuck is this in 480p???
Rah man's famous for eating PFC should've done this shit ngl its an after school ting everyday😂
Just came back from Marrakech
The prodigal son has returned
Everyone saying the series is dead\nWhy is it number 3 on trending
man is coming back to stay real ting
Anybody else notice he’s left handed?
my man looking like a lesbian
Can someone send the link to the instrumental in this video. I know it’s blah vision myth, but I can’t seem to find the instrumental
How is this 10 year old at nearly 600k eating chicken? 👍🏽
who the boy on the production n edit 🔥
Fam get yourself to Hillbillies in Dublin dun know
You have to go to PFC in Finsbury Park next to Sainsbury’s (the red one) better then Eden’s now ngl
My guys gained a few pounds from eating all that chicken
I can tell he has ate quite a lot of chicken recently
I think he needs like a skin fade. \n\nLike if you agree.
This kid is 24, can you believe that? 2-fucking-4! Here's me thinking he was still at school
I've literally been waiting so long for new episodes.  This editor tho, MAD SKILL, respect.
Stop
Man rockin Patta Amsterdam Shirt
Ur in morocco
Teleportation technique❄️
Nigga u made it ✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾
Oi them nikes are butters
young nelson mandela
Wear 95s ffs 😂
Teleportation ting
Fucking hell you've gone fat
Go Somalia next.
Those creps are nice ngl.
Has cameraman changed? 😭
One world, one glove. Meshington.
Seriously how old dis dude?
Mans getting fat
Wheres the SUIT??
1:27\nRegidity. Yh yh man teckers.
Ma guys back
ya boy gettin chunky
Those sk airs are peng
call in memoulous!
U tryna ridicule urself with those shoes?
Man needs a trim doe
Fat boy eating dinner  (num num num)
Such a g
Peak quality
Number 3 on trending. Nice.
You got madd man titties bro, GET SOME EXERCISE .. TING VAN DAT.!
Ayy ow old r u fam ygm
I Peep those Airmax 97 SK Yeh yeh ;)
The ting go SKRRRRRRRRRRA
Your getting boring now
My nigga in my ends n dat🤙🏼🤙🏼🇲🇦
Please fuck off you fat cunt. You're a walking heart-attack.
cwnt believe i used to like dis deadd
Hes tittie man jr in the making look at them titties
Does the sks stand for sweatshop kids slavery? Cause it should with Nike 👎👎👎
Man's need parkour in life
also ur getting fat g, time to hit gym
man needs a trim still..
he looks like a dot!!
Man Still Needs A Fresh Cut.
Maybe use all those running shoes to actually run
Fam, do you think I care about a chicken shop in Casablanca? kmt
You're looking more and more like an old lesbian
Why all these Londoners with a fake Jamaican slang these days. Go to school, learn some proper English and stop asking for 10ps.. Bunch of benders.
Only reason this guy got famous was because people thought it was a school boy and was cool for his age, especially that he used to trick people by wearing school uniform. But this man is about 26 looking like a man-child. Pushing stereotypes. Your meme is gone. Dead. Leave it now. Looking like big nasty's love child.
This channel is slowly dieing
Gal Gadot ❤️
I think that dc more unrealistic type and marvel more realistic type with their cgi effects.\nAnd gotta sayy.....this flash is irritating one
After game of thrones all movies are lame
Looool the dialogue. smh\n\n...violence, acts of war, and terrorism are ALL on the rise.\nThanks, 'Conspicuous Exposition Radio!'\n\nAlso Aquaman is super witty! With gems like My man! and Yeah!, I can't wait to see what phrase of his they print on a shirt when plebs eat this movie up or disingenuously stick up for it because they've sworn some silly, arbitrary allegiance to the DC brand over Marvel. YOU CAN LIKE AND DISLIKE BOTH, IDIOT.\n\nSuicide Squad suffered the same above problems: idiotic dialogue and hold-your-hand narrative. It was bad, but unintentionally hilarious so I still had fun.
Idea: trailer by means of memes in instagram page or twitter to give hints of what we may expect or of eastereggs\n\nmen i feel like Einstein
when I hear the choir i had a sweet shiver.
No Lie😥I almost shared a tear when Superman and Louis's scene kicked in 😕No Homo.... #JL🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Why is this movie so fucking red?
i hope they retain the colour palette of the first come together trailer ... this one doesn't fit at all
Superman is back that's enough
Stop by my channel 😘😘😘
I want to watch Batman banging WW in this movie. He banged every girl in DC's comic
What is this heroes song in background??
heroes by david bowie is best thing
Brilliant use of the emblems @ 3:08
If the amazons had trouble beating some ww1 german soldiers then how the fuck they gonna stand a chance against parademons?
Great movie but you need cash to enjoy them click the link and you will never regret this.http://MoneyComeFirst.com/?ref=61185
Fuarrrrk m8!! I'm so pumped now! Why is my gym closed😤
Im sorry but this looks like garbage. I mean you never know for sure until you actually see the movie, but this is just... no.
Who’s got the coolest gadgets? Batman!
Even though I'm having Tony stark in my profile 😂😂😂
watch this and Subscribe https://youtu.be/5dA8eakhVZA
Really want to like this, but the whole DCEU thing is badly conceived and ugly.
Am I the only one who can't get over Gal
Last Jedi was better
Looks like Injustice 2. Might as well keep playing that.
I couldn't help but notice WonderWoman's perfect hair and makeup while in the middle of a battle
I can't even..... Why does this look so bad???
I thought this trailer was going to rule the internet for a few days but then The Last Jedi trailer came.
you know the movie is going to be shit when its a 3 minute trailer
Im waiting for Justice league vs capcom
This movie is gonna such a ride Aquaman: You Really are Crazy! , Batman: I'm not the one that brought a pitchfork! 1 month 7 days! ALL IN
Hi guys ... SUBSCRIBE yuk Channel me. if, in 1 Month Channel I reach 1RB subscribe I want to hold its Gift GIVEAWAY IPHONE 6 64GB. Incidentally iphonenya rarely in new wear 2 months. Ayoo guys Subscribe what are you waiting ...
Wonder Woman movie was so good but it turned out be really but told by Wonder Woman.\nI hope this movie isn’t clichè
2:27 whenever that Gal smiles, I swear my heart skips a beat... She is GORGEOUS... *_*
1:50 so no one noticed this???\nOr is it just me who noticed this part where it looks like Barry broke his ankel?
The ride ain't over yet......ma man!!!!
The HYPE is REAL bros.
*Still don't understand why these movies are so popular*
The CGI in this is just.... ugh
Justice L Big :) , Avengers small
Why I can't stop watching this?
♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
RIP green lantern \n\nYour movie sucked but you deserve a second chance
It may look like an overbloated CGI mess, but I'm still hyped af. Just surprised it took us this long to finally get a JL movie.
I'm only seeing Justice League because of Joss Whedon. #WhedonMyMan
ezra miller nails it as flash
wow a video game trailer...\nshit graphic for a movie,, already kill my interest to watch it
so let me guess... superman kills the bad guy at the end. Roll credits
They're trying so hard to get Wonder Woman fans to watch this movie 🤣😂
best trailer
I LIKE JUSTCE LEAGUE
https://youtu.be/e-xaT6k_BaI
good
Subscibe My YouTube Channel Ntar gw Follow Back you Channel >>> https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSnxltMvRPfCiVO1gUIgvYQ
adults jaman now dream...
1:11 Game of Thrones much?
dsfgsdfd
Aquamomoa looks so lit.
Khal Drogo the BEST
https://youtu.be/HzP7dx69kX4
https://youtu.be/lNtLOl9VS3w
Team Wonder Woman 😍🤤
OMG!!!
First trailer
Why batman goblok?
#WakeUp #RiseUp #BringBackLiberty🗽 #VoteLibertarian 🗳️ #WildstarForGovernor2018 #Wildstar2018 \n████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█████╬╬╬╬╬╬████╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ ███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ ████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬█╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ ███▓▓▓███████▓▓▓███╬╬╬╬╬╬█████████╬╬╬╬██ ███▓▓██████████▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬████████╬╬╬╬╬╬██ ███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ ████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ █████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ █████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ █████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ █████▓▓▓▓▓████▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ ████▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓▓▓▓███╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██ ████▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██╬╬╬╬███ █████▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██╬╬╬╬╬███ █████▓▓█████▓▓▓████╬████╬╬╬████╬╬╬╬╬╬███ ██████▓▓▓▓████████╬╬╬████████╬╬╬╬╬╬╬████ ███████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█████████╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬████ ███████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬█████ ████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓████╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬██████ █████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬███████ ██████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬████████ ███████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬█████████
https://youtu.be/RX7GrFmvmQE cek video
please be good.. please be good..
I miss Christopher Nolan...
Whatat about Superman
1:39
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouoCicf1aYE&t=26s
and Superman...
Lit
verygood
goosebumps all over
https://youtu.be/BFORKW6UtOU
revive superman now!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX4rA46vtFU&t=11s
Pause on :02 Good god!
Song?
Khal Drogo 🤓
Song name?
JASON MOMOA ☺💖😱
Aquaman.... Looks like Ranveer Singh of padmavati....
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8KD4CmehAK6u0a4k_S7u2w
Oh shit https://youtu.be/QPfNAyEUWTI
Better than marvel
meh
THE AVENGERS!...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n...part 2
lol the main villain look terribly done, i hope its not bad.
Turn on the lights or get the fuck out. Another flopbuster -_- \nThor is gonna kill Justice League at the box office
first trailer = this movie is going to be amazing\nsecond trailer = this movie is going to be fucking sick \nwhen the movie comes out = that was shit
The only thing that could improve this movie is if we got Christian Bale back as Batman he was way better.  ✔
I like the part where the justice league is in it
The CG looks pretty bad tbh
Looks shit
since there are Jews in hollywood because they do not make a mark of Zionism and usury, george soros kissinger j.p. morgan rothschild rockefeller the club bilderberg the protocols of the sages of sion skull and bones 322 etc etc etc etc etc etc etc from napoleon year 1700 of the farce of kings church the government fuck that there is much would never end pizzagate lolita exxxpress Larry Silverstein the owner of the twin towers that he tells us what happened the death of Libyan Libyan Syrian Iraq iran and this is nothing
Do I have to watch anything before this movie?
Hello, tonight I'd like to test some of our favorite and as well as some new sounds that can be triggering for you while testing my new mic set. I do need to work on some settings and get pop-filters still but overall I think these are pretty good :D What do you think? \n0-02:10 - intro and voice test\n02:19 - rolling crinkles sound\n05:55 - comb in the plastic ♥ \n09:47 - brushing of the mics\n13:27 - purple beads waterfall\n15:53 - crinkly sticky sounds\n17:47 - bumpy clicky sounds\n18:30 - shell beads high pitch clicky sounds ♥ \n19:41 - fast tapping on a smooth foam sheet ^_^ mmmm\n20:41 - light slime squishing and tapping \n21:36 - whisper test and goodbyes :) \nThank you, I hope you enjoyed it! ♥
Im so proud maria is on the trending list!!!!
Why is everyone doing jazz hands lately?  It totally stops my tingles when they do that. I love Maria and she isn't the only one who has started doing it. Sorry just needed to vent. I will move on.
My first time ever watching asmr... weird but so calming
Makes me sad that ASMR Darling passed you in subscribers. She is good, but your like the OG, and I feel like you should have the most.
AN ASMR VIDEO IS TRENDING??? YASSS. QUEEN MARIA!!!
Omg The whispering with those mics is amazing! So many tingles!
I love and really appreciate that youre one of the few asmr artist that has as many followers as you do but NO ADS💕💕💕💕they really do ruin everything in asmr vids.
I shouldn't have dropped those 3 hits lol
This is the first ASMR video that I am watching where I can hear out of my right ear! Complete game changer. I had no idea what I was missing! Love you Maria! 🤗❤\n\nI also thought you said my name... beautiful angelic face 😅
I imagine you are a wonderful wife and would be an excellent mother.
Do I really see the pillow from Sleepy Time video on the back? :)
i have been evacuated because of the fires in california and i'm in a refuge and your video is helping me a lot ! love you !
Oh cool, an ASMR video made the top 50 on trending!
The brushing from the front to the back and side to side gave me a tingle overload lol
Amazing.. goose bumbs...   you should seriously inquire with DTS Inc. they do films.. I am an audiofile and you teaming up with DTS could be an amazing ASMR audio experience of 3D sound.
Cant wait for mt Daughtet hear! Maria is AMAZING!
Everything just sounds far away? Or is that just me? Love you Maria, you're so pretty!! ❤️
The end made me thinking of something when you smelled the neck!\n\nSince these mics are awesome for that exact thing.... Maybe a vampire role play for Halloween?\n\nAm I weird? The whole neck thing gave me tingles.
That miller lite ad just blew out my ear drums
Is it weird that ear to ear whispering is not my thing. From anyone. Anything ear to ear really. It actually makes me cringe. Most other things, I love!
this mic is amazing, and with the comb in the plastic... 😍 and you're looking great with that necklace! omg 💕
I stepped back a lil bit when she said, “Seinheisser... which I’m gay for...”
#45 on trending woah you are doing such a great job
Congrats on trending!!!!!!!! I love how asmr is getting so popular now. Btw I love your videos they always put me to sleep. Love from Maryland ❤️❤️
Maria highkey looking like snack in this vid. Still fell asleep quick af though
pls make a pure whispering video with these new mics <3
I don't get it
This woman does not age. Wtf
she killed it in this one 👌🏽
This was a really good video thank you so much for the lovely tingles!
Wow remember when the beginning now we trending aye ASMR on the come up
You're the only asmr in my life. Got lucky and found the best right away 😚
Yay! Trending! Is there a particular reason it went viral? Of course Maria's talent is the reason, but #9 on trending makes me think perhaps it referenced somewhere and viewers followed the trail. Just wondering.
Because of its plastic covering, that comb sounds like the beginning of rain on a tent in the woods. Very cozy-comforting.
LOVE the new mic! please use in lots of future videos? great video, so tingly!  love you Maria ❤️
Maria yet again raises the asmr bar to a new height.
Only a few minutes in and I can already tell this is gonna be a great video. Those mics pick up so much sound, I love it! You look beautiful in this vid by the way - that outfit is so cute!
YOU ARE TRENDING GIRL! I'm so happy for you!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Great video Maria.  You are looking exceptionally beautiful !  Love you!
This is great!!! You have a gift. You look beautiful. :-)
You are so pretty Maria! Thank you for everything you do :)
So excited for Maria that this video is trending!!! 😍
I've never seen an ASMR on trending. Congratulations! Hopefully others will join your loving community :)
She gets more beautiful every video 😍
This video is soooooo good. This is why you are the best in the business.
I can't even think clearly, that's how much I enjoyed this!
The new microphones are amazing! I couldn't imagine defacing them, but a little rhinestones or glitter would complete them. Totally relaxing from start to end!
Wow, those mics are amazing!!!! Loved every single thing you done on this xxx
I love the whispers!!! That’s my favorite trigger ever!!!!
When the waterfall beads sounds like light thunder 😍😍😍👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻💎💎💎
It sounds amazing...crystal clear...I can't wait for more videos. As always you do an awesome job.  Thank you!!
Wow. Just wow. Those are my favorite microphones ever 😍😴😴😴
You look so pretty in this video and I love the choker it really makes you look like a badass 😈🤘🏽
You have been helping me relax and sleep since I was in high school and you never let me down on any of your videos ☺️ thank you for all the great years of relaxation 🤗
that was nice, what a graceful and adorable woman you are
So I just these new wireless headphones and only till she began to speak in the different mics did I realize that I was wearing them the wrong way...fail lol
The new mics are incredible!
So lovely that you hit “trending” :)
I'm ready for a new classic ear to ear whispering with these new mics 😭 so much sleep to get lol !
You we're the first Asmrtist i saw and are still my favourite. You've got such a kind face and i love the cute little smile you do when it seems like you get a little bit  embarrassed. Please dont ever stop making video's!!! You're awesome.
Yay! #45 on trending! So glad your ASMR is making it to the top trending videos. You deserve it girl!
I really liked the whispering
LOOKING GOOD
Those shell necklaces 😍😍
3:22 getting sleepy like us? 😌
Youre trending!!! Congrats😍
Wtf
FUCKING MEEEEEEEEEEMES
*Slime* 🍆💧
omg this is on trending !
Magical
You look absolutely stunning Maria!
#45 on TRENDING!!!
Madness
Yeah!!!!! Touch that fucking pink comb
Damn maria, number 45 on trending!
MARIA IS SOOOOO BEAUTIFUL!!!!
I LOVE YOUR OUTFIT
ASMR on trending!?!? 😱😱
I feel unsafe when watching these.
Congrats on trending!
ASMR IS HITTING TRENDING!
Congratulations on getting on trending Maria!
These microphones are incredible!!!!
So beautiful
You're on trending?!?!?congrats!!❤️❤️
Eminem ripping Trump a new one isn't on the trending list, but this garbage is.......well done YouTube.
im feeling uncomfortable
nice mics! I only have one of those but it's my go-to mic for vocal recordings!\nIt really sounds more crisp and clear compared to your old setup. Which works nice for whispers and crinkle-sounds :)
Does anyone know if Maria still has a PO Box? She used to do a lot of unboxing videos and I'd love to send her something
No white noise? These mics the only damn thing white people haven't corrupted.
I dont know what this is, but I was listening and her whispers turn me on!
I know why YouTube put Her on trending because they put asmr darling bitch ass since she gained a million subs and now bigger than gentlewhispering YouTube feels bad for leaving out Gentlewhispering and that's how she got on trending ..
Can she stab me with that comb plz
WHY IS THIS TRENDING
This shit weird af
Am I supposed to be masturbating?
Chokers dont look good on thick necks
Sooooo am I supposed to jerk off to this or what?
Communism #YIAYpoint
Her
Amiibos #yiaypoint
#YIAYpoint gay space lego sonic communist sonic roleplay 3000 with extra mayo
#YIAYpoint  http://www.familysecuritymatters.org/imgLib/20130225_booze_bottles_LARGE.jpg
#YIAYpoint duhhhhh\nObviously get deported by Trump!
A LIGHT SWITH
#YIAYPoint @jacksfilms 42
#YIAYpoint\nTo get paid,\nGet laid,\nGatorade
Peeing\nOn\nIvan's\nTits
To watch Jackflims
#YIAYpoint being able to solve 6x7
#YIAYpoint\nGetting to suck on a fat, voluptuous, melon.
the apex
#YIAYpoint to make crap YouTube videos
Being in an iDubbbz video.\n#YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint a jews nose
#YIAYpoint Anime tiddies
Uncensored  hentei #YIAYpoint
#YAIYpoint to watch cartoons while depressed.
364 yiay vids one more video
#YIAYpoint Nothing
#YIAYpoint • <- thats the point
https://youtu.be/keghW8jocTo #YIAYPOINT
#YIAYpoint \nYGS 100
#YIAYpoint uncensored hentai?
#YIAYpoint\nmemes
#YIAYPOINT to wait for emoji movie 2
ECHO echo echo cho...\nGreat lighting though.
#YIAYpoint @jacksfilms watching jacks films videos and shriek
Teach\nHabilitate\nEducate\n\nEnjoy\nManage\nOffer\nJudge\nImagine\n\nMotivate\nObsess\nVote\nImprove\nEmotion\n#YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint because we can
I don't know maybe (insert adverter here)#yaiypoint
You gotta *FLEX* ur ass morty
There is none. #YIAY
#YIAY to watch shrek, why else?
The point is ME ME BIIIG BOI!\n#YIAYpoint
point\n\nnoun\n1. the tapered, sharp end of a tool, weapon, or other object.\n#yaiypoint
#YIAYpoint an alarm gets me out of bed every morning.
When he said ABSO... LUTELY I immediately thought of The Eric Andre Show
We're going to make human life better, and longer for everyone, @ point in life...
#YIAYpoint To propagate the existence of your species so it can , at some point , conquer the galaxy.
#YIAYpoint so I can watch all the spooky movies this month
#YIAYpoint   to see if your forehead gotten any smalle
#YIAYpoint the point? the point is to fuck run and have some fun
Ask that to  a sword
#YIAYpoint\n\n\n1.\na particular spot, place, or position in an area or on a map, object, or surface.\nturn left at the point where you see a sign to Appleford\nsynonyms: place, position, location, site, spot, area, locality, locale; technicallocus\na prearranged meeting point\n2.\na single item or detail in an extended discussion, list, or text.\nthe main points of the Edinburgh agreement\nsynonyms: detail, item, particular, fact, thing, piece of information, idea, argument, consideration, factor, element, aspect, regard, respect
look within for the answer because i got nothin #yiaypoint
#YIAYpoint well the only point for my life was the emoji movie what do i do now
#YIAYpoint\n\nThe point is to live the longest, whoever lives the longest and the least saddest loser. Everyone dies, be the one who takes the longest to die.
#YIAYPoint I think a lot of people missed the point of this
#YIAYpoint why does there need to be one? Why you trying to overthink it?
point\nnoun\n1.a particular spot, place, or position in an area or on a map, object, or surface.\n2.a single item or detail in an extended discussion, list, or text.
#YiayPoint Mount Everest is called the world's highest mountain because it has the highest elevation above sea level. We could also say that it has the highest altitude. The Point of Mount Everest is 8,850 meters (29,035 feet) above sea level. No other mountain on Earth has a higher altitude, making it the highest POINT on earth
The Point is \nPeople\nObviously \nIdolise \nMNNn a light switch
#YIAYpoint The endless burdens set upon you by society
#YIAYpoint to be the very best like no one ever was
Leave your answers in the comments below, so I can make a crapload of money from MVMT Watches. \n\nMVMT Watches, which I've been wearing for the last few days. And personally, I love the look, it kind of goes well with everything. This watch has a really clean design. Seriously, I've been getting comments eversince I put it on.\n\nThe MVMT company was actually founded by two broke college kids that wanted to wear stylish watches, but couldn't afford to, so they made their own watch company, which is a lot like me, because I grew up watching Saturday Night Live, and I wanted to make my own version, just without all that pesky talent.\n\nGET 15% OFF TODAY, WITH FREE SHIPPING AND FREE RETURNS, BY GOING TO\n\nMVMTwatches.com/jacks
#YIAYpoint Every day you wake up,knowing that cum will soon be blood
#YIAYpoint I don’t know what is the point\n\n\n*unnecessary lines*
To have our future generations enjoy the life on earth. #YIAYpoint\n\n\n\n\nOh and also this guy called Jacksfilms.
#YIAYpoint\nTo make a successful YouTube channel
To have sex and un subscribe to jaksfilms
The point is getting that money fam squad lol I'm only 13, dab!
It's very similar to a dot #YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint living until you get featured on yiay…\n \n  \n\nUntil you get featured, you stop living
What's the point of answering this question if you didn't even like them the first time around? #YIAYpoint
Getting Laid \nGetting Paid\nGatorade\nYou need more then that?
Uh I don’t know 😭😭😭😭😭😭
That hogwarts is real. And I’ll meet hagrid  #YIAYPoint
#yiaypoint not saying 'there is no point.'
There is no point #YIAYpoint
#yiaypoint the point is gEtTiNg SpOnSoReD
The emoji moive and kids bop is the point of life
#YiAYpoint The meaning of life is why not?
There isn't a point...\n#YIAYpoint
#Yaiypoint there is no point I need to sharpen it XD (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
#YIAYpoint\nWho said there was?\n\n\n\n\nWhyd you click *Read More* it was useless
Dexter, is that you?!!
For you to get forehead reducing surgery #YIAYpoint
#yiaypoint to earn money and hot girls like me
What’s with the lights in his eyes
There is finally a YIAY for everyday of the year, so my depression can finally fade #YIAYpoint
Dank memes about not wanting to get out of bed in the morning are the only thing that gets me out of bed in the morning.
#YIAYpoint \nThe point is simple....nahh just kidding its not
I see you in that I dubbz video John...
Play Club Penguin that doesn't exist....
#YIAYpoint \nCan i have a point for not following the rules?           Wait,Am i?
#YIAYpoint  To get girls and be rich
#YIAYpoint 1. To Get schwifty (Rick and morty)\n2. Take off your pants or panties.\n3. Shit on the floor
Daahh...\nTo be on yiay, PLZ!!!
#yiaypoint shut up John
#Yiaypoint me me big BIG boy
TO BE ON YAIY #YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint\n\nThere is none... But think positively: At least you’re not Jake Paul.
#YIAYpoint the point is to get those steps on your fitbit
How else am I supposed to watch Tobuscus?\n\n#YIAYpoint
You're dehydrated in this video, drink some damn water!!
there is no point that's the point...\n#YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint\nThe point is sharp. \nLike the amount of edgy kids in 2017.
oh my gosh i wish this was made into a movie!!!!
Soooo proud of you!!! I am so beyond amazed at everything you've been through in life and the ability you had to overcome all your obstacles and come out so strong! You are my biggest inspiration and my idol!!! I have the same tattoos as you do on our wrists -stay strong. I hope to meet you one day and give you the biggest hug ever. I love you so much Demi.
Youtuber trying to reach 13k subscribers. I make natural hair/fashion videos 💕
wow amazing Demi :) <3 we proud to you .
what's the song in the background...
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE FULL VERSION!!!!! AAAAHHHHHHH 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘 I'M SO PROUD OF YOU, QUEEN!!
IM JUST HAPPY THAT ITS ON YOUTUBE AND NOT YOUTUBE RED
Omg yes i cant wait i really need to watch this right now
I CANNOT WAIT OMG ONE MORE WEEK!!
Love your honesty Demi proud lovatic❤️ We are all proud of how strong you are and continue to being strong❤️
I can't wait!
Demi is definitely my favorite right now i listen to you everyday I can't wait for this documentary. God bless you demi😘😍
Sorry wilmer but demi is my future wife
Ya... ... I mean Thank You.  *love her so much *
I am actually so intrigued I love Demi and her voice is amazing and I know she’s been through rough times but I wonder how her experiences really were but I would like to know through her words
I love you so much demi❤️ so proud of u
I'm on a journey to discover what it's like to be free of all demons yass girlll
Looks super boring lol who would watch this ??????
IM SO HERE FOR THIS
Gorgeous voice, gorgeous person. Lets not forget the Hollywood jew got to her, hope she fully gets out
It’s a flopcumentary like Lady Caca
Demi, how high is the price of success. How dear the sacrifice. How deep must someone burry their own life in order to answer to the call of the masses. You have walked down a path which led to forging and expressing your gift as a musician. Do not let your sole objective be the one thing that defines you. I hope that your family, friends and community give you a place to be yourself without being the idol everyday. I truely hope that you find contentment in the relationsips you built because you wanted to rather than those you needed to build to further yourself in your career.
So excited for this!
She's a bad girl
This got me emotional, wait this is just the trailer ohhhh yeahhhh Bay Bay
OMG YES!! We can’t wait! You’ve come so far Demi and you’ve achieved so much. We love you and we’re extremely proud of you💗
I hope your thieving ass pays Jimmy Buffet royalties. It's only polite, considering you STOLE HIS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
It’s like she’s turning into Demi Moore
Im so proud of you, queen 💝💝💝💝
Fuck of whore, your life is so fucking miserable and hard
She needs to loose some weight then she'd be A1
Such a beautiful, inspiring woman.  Love you Demi!
I don't understand how you make a movie about a person that's done nothing for the greater good. I did tho like her early punk rock phase lol.
One time... Demi Lovato punched me in the face. It was awesome.
Can't wait for this.
i am so proud of you. i love you so much my queen <3
i love this woman with all my heart yall dont understand
To aid those affected by the fires in Northern California! Any donations help! \nhttps://www.gofundme.com/4k5n9p4?pc=sms_co_cardshare_a&rcid=46dea9aefed64020ad44c509d9191aa8
I CANT WAIT FOR THIS AND WTF IM ALREADY IN TEARS :(\nIM SUPER DUPER PROUD OF YOU DEMI!!!
So proud of you bby, a girl has to be gone, for you become a strong and beautiful woman!
You have grown up. Little one
1:23 to da end that  part I can't I just can't demi slays me even when your down we will all be here for you WE LOVE YOU 😍😍😗😗❤❤💓❤❤💓❤❤💓
I'm so excited!!!
Yeeees I fucking love Dallas. Fuck me up Dallas
Actually got this on my birthday, wow.
OMG So So So Proud to be a Lovatic in all this years.. and so Proud of you, Demi 💕
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
Can't wait for this, I hate seeing Demi cry, it tears me up inside .
SO PROUD OF YOU QUEEN!! BEST GIFT EVER!! MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY!!
Super excited for this!!!
She got old and fat
She's a warrior💖🌈☀
Oh my god we’re going to see Fetus Demi I’m not ready!!
it takes a very brave person to show there vunerable parts. <3 And Im a huge Fan of Demi because I relate to her Journey and she has helped me not feel so alone and inspired me. Music is healing.Within you is the power to rise above any situation or struggle and transform into the Brightest, Strongest version of you ever, love Demi <3
It’s so funny how documentaries can make everything seem so dramatic
I cannot wait to, laugh, sob, get inspired, and just get so beyond proud. Spilling all these such personal details in your life for the world to judge and talk about takes so much courage. This is why i hope every parent is proud to have their children look up to such an incredible, talented, honest, strong young woman. i know mine are. We have watched you go through hell and back, and to see you come out this strong and empowered makes me feel so astounded in every way. I've always known you were special even when i saw you on as the bell rings for a few minutes when i was like 7, you just always stood out to me and I'm so fucking glad i stayed to basically grow up with you and your music. You taught me more than you could ever imagine. Even though you wont see this, i don't think i could ever thank you enough for what you've done for me and millions of other people, Demi. I'm so ready to stick with you along the rest of your way.
Wow I love her
Do you think she's going to address the Poot Lovato situation?
Back in the day all the celebrities had tell all memoirs now they have documentaries
Just don't ask any stupid questions like is math related to science? and you're good
Honestly fuck off no one wants to watch you an LA valley girl moan about your irrelevant problems.
I'm so proud she's someone I can look up to. She's the most inspiring and amazing idol, who I'm so grateful to have. Love her and how far she's come ❤️
OMG DEMI!!!!! I love you so much you are awesome keep on doing what your doin GIRL!! Don’t ever give up, you are my inspiration I love your voice and you are so beautiful!! ❤️🙏🏽💋👌🏽
I'm crying. I remember the Unbroken documentary like it was yesterday. I feel like I've grown with her through this. And to put everything into perspective of how far she's come, it makes me so happy and hopeful.
Can she be anymore perfect, inspiring, loving??? Thank you demi for making me happy!
I was never fond of Demi but wow, she’s such a strong human being and she is one of the most talented vocalists of our generation. She’s outstanding and I can’t wait to watch the rest
This is the only singer documentary I actually feel urged to see. 🙌🏻
Demi 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
Good video.
Yy              ..uyy sZ, yuu
IM so proud omgggg
Demiiiiiiiiiiiiii❤❤
Yes mama!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
Simply Complicatedlogical
Love ❤️
Lit ❤💕💞💖💓
I wanna fuck her feet.
Her surgically plasticized lips are simply complicated!
Proud of you demi
Her twat needs my cock
She's back ~
OMG I CAN'T WAIT!
Deep deep deep
Te amo. ❤
❤❤❤❤😭😍
Queen!!
No
Man hands
So proud
Meanwhile in Africa
@1:43 cute AF!
DEMI. UGH. FAN SINCE DAY 1. ♥
SOCORRO VAI TODO MUNDO MORRER AAAAAAAAAAAAA
HhhHhhHhh a QUEEN
pls do an intimate show in the Philippines ㅠㅠ
mi pipi
To be honest. Her latest album was terrible. So badly written and produced, and she oversang at strange parts of it and it just sounded wrong. Because of how disinegnuine the album was I can't find this genuine. It feel overproduced and fake as shit!
What substance(s) has she been sober from?
Wow! Ok by definition none of you can be proud of her, the English language is being destroyed daily. I think all of you ment to say something like we hold Demi in high esteem
Me: *googles* how many eyes do spiders have\nGoogle: Most spiders have eight eyes. Some have no eyes and others have as many as 12 eyes. Most can detect only between light and dark, while others have well-developed vision.\nMe: .......THAT'S RIGHT! MY SPIDER IS NOT LIKE MOST SPIDERS IT'S DIFFERENT AND HAS 4 FUCKING EYES.
Youtuber trying to reach 13k subscribers. I make natural hair/fashion videos 💕
That FUCKING SPIDER slaughtered my day my year MY LIFE!!! OH MY GOSH IT LOOKS SO AWESOME!!!
Okay anyone else think this could double as Jeff from the grim adventures of Billy and Mandy? He is about the right size.
My school has a Harry Potter day where everyone dresses up as Harry Potter characters
For people who hate fluff fabric. \nYou only really needed to add fur to the leg joints. Spiders have exoskeletons
Love it!! Also if you end up doing another project with the craft foam stuff, (it might make cutting go by a bit faster) but try getting a hold of an old electric turkey cuter, makes the cutting go by so much smoother.
Please do sugar cookie fingers, they are really easy to make but they look sooo cool
Holy crap!!!! Amazing job Corinne as usual. So talented and patient and always pleasing and amusing us fans. Thank you for doing what you do.
I have arachnophobia what am I doing
Corrine. How the fuck does your hair grow so fast??
how many yards of fur did you use?
YASS HARRY POTTER I LOVE IT
Why not make a giant Harry Potter wand cake? and I mean giant
Ok I'm new to this channel so can someone tell me if.... \n\n\n\nCORRIN ANF ROB ARE DATING OR MARRIED IM CURIOUS AND TOTALLY NOT A CREEP
Quiz for the centuries. Did Corinne swear more or say electrical tape more in this video?
This was a success!!
Step one: buy 10 metric tons of electrical tape...
Oh wow, that spider is huge!! That's so awesome, amazing job!\nAlso, I wasn't expecting you to do an actual karate chop, haha, that was very cool
I might actually try this one and put it outside for all the trick-or-treaters to see...so I can eat all the candy this year 😈\n\nAlso, you are killing the hair game Corinne 😍😍😍
If she pins this comment imma masterbate\n for the first time
You need to get a Ryobi Wireless Glue Gun - game changer.
....that's not how you cut fur. You have to separate it.
I think that I love you
A shot for every time she said spider, and electrical tape
To aid those affected by the fires in Northern California! Any donations help! \nhttps://www.gofundme.com/4k5n9p4?pc=sms_co_cardshare_a&rcid=46dea9aefed64020ad44c509d9191aa8
Corinne, about how much did you end up spending on this??? A friend and I wanna know! ; v ;
DIY plush like Halloween themed such as pumpkin, spider, cat etc. how to make no sew halloweeen pillows
*makes platform 9 3/4 birthday invites, but no Harry Potter party
When she says its going to be a Harry section I thought she's going to say Harry Potter
Amazing. Great job. I want one.
Oh. My god. I have to make this.
Take a shot everytime says electrical tape.
just thought i'd say that I use to work at joanns and our foam knife was just an electric turkey knife....you can get one pretty cheap and they work pretty well
This Friday is gonna be on the thirteenth....in October Friday the thirteenth in October
I'd freak out if I saw something like that on top of my stairs hahahah
Tip: use a turkey carver for the foam
Holy shit that's like the spider from the movie Arachnophobia like literally same size if not bigger. That's some dedication 👏🏻👏🏻
Ok ok ok... I wouldve just gave up before you even started bending the pipes....😂 but that's me I'm a lazy person
I'm in 6th grade and I'm only 4,11 so the spiders legs are how long everyone else's legs are compared to mine and mine are like the little spider dude
Who else tried swiping at the mouse on your screen :(((( already tricking us Corinne
for the Christmas season you should try hot chocolate churro mugs.
Could you guys build the wall?
Need this on my roof
girl, you are fucking epic. sweet spider friend.
Make a ouija board out of cake
Will the tape fix my broken heart plz tell me
Youre a fucking savage!!!! That amazed me . I wish i had a women with this type of talents. \nTap in my dm!!!
Make a GIANT PIZZA POT PIE!!!
The only time I've ever liked a spider.
Really wish there were 8 red dots for eyes
YOU SHOULD FUCKEN DO A GALAXY COOKIE
1day ago I Broke my leg and I am go to be in crutches on my birthday which is in 5 days😭😞
you did a really good job!! that looks legit like a company made it. hell yeah, corinne!!
to cut the foam use a electric knife like one for turkey.
you should make a harry potter costum for you and your cat on halloween
The fur covers the legs...why even waste the tapes😂
Don't spiders have 8 eyes?
Sorry it's not about this but can y'all help me with ma channel I barely started today and I'm lost afffff
I can’t believe I watched this spiders are my WORST FEAR!!!!!!!!!! But because it’s ThreadBanger/Corrine I watched it 😂
My school is throwing a Hogwarts Halloween party!!! 😃\n                ⚡️\n                👓\n                👔\n                👖
Spiders have 8 eyes don’t they?
@ 3:41 straight up thought it was a pipe for a second XD
Thank you so much if u made it this far
The title is the best thing ever 😂😂😂😂😂😆😆😆😆😆
I think I would shit a brick if I walked into a house and saw a giant spider.
Wow that's really fucking impressive. Good job
YOU FORGOT TO ADD THE FANGS 😭
DO MAN VS CORRINE VS PIN OMURICE PLEZ
honestly, incredible
I laughed myself silly!
OMG I FUCKING LOVE THIS!!!
Do aquarium nails!!
Plz do this after Halloween https://nz.pinterest.com/pin/723179652635707814/sent/?sfo=1&sender=723179790072297890&invite_code=25cc5f13c8da4c5b931c270e934694c3
That's f*cking brilliant!!!
#13 Trending -Currently 10:43 PM Pasific 10/10/17
Diy hot chetoos
https://www.facebook.com/LovelyArii007/posts/1509451065767174
10/10
Omggggggg your a ravenclaw
Deep fried vodka !!!!!!!!!!!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QwyI4ZLAFqY
We need more Halloween videos!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg0YCGL8QW4&t=21s
Ur eyelashes!!!! What mascara!!!!
this is so badass
Halloween brain water cake please!
😍
Its work hardening
Awesome!
OMG
YOOOOO
Do DIY glittery Jell-O shot glasses
Awesome fucking job!
shut up and do 🌈 Jello
13 in trending
Turned out awesome ! Great job.
Rob make Szechuan sauce
Congrats on trending ♡
try the magic faucet fountain!
Alessia's smile whenever she sees herself in the camera screen
Oh my god she is way too cute she has the cutest smile😭😭❤️❤️
I vote for you everyday, you are the best mom!
Who are you, and why are you trending.
How cute is Alessia?? Also, you look amazing Anna!
why would anyone feel the need to watch a me myself and I video like this, concentrate on your own lives.
Alessia is so cute! Such a happy baby :) Makes me want to have another one! \nAnna, I know it's super personal and you will most likely not even see this question, but would you mind talking a little bit about body confidence after pregnancy, especially when it comes to being intimate with your partner again? I hope I'm not offending you with this question, and I'm definitely not asking for details or anything like that! This is just something I have struggled with ever since my first son was born. I miss my pre-baby body so much and I can't seem to gain my confidence back. Do you have any advice? Thank you so much for taking the time to make these videos! And thank you for always being so open.
She is so cute!
Awwww blue eyes. She's SO excited 😂
Mine are 13 months apart and while it can be really hard work to keep on top of remembering things..especially with them both at school now they are growing up so close.Like best friends. Its definitely worth it!
She's sooo Silly ;P~!!!!   Her panting with excitement is SSSOOO Cute ^-^!!!!  She has a GREAT PERSONALITY 😋😄🤗 🐾❗❗❗
you look absolutely amazing. good for you and your healthy mindset! youre an amazing mom
These guys are literally using their kids as props
Are you wearing hair extensions? 😄
You look amazing Anna! I always tell mummies that it takes a good 6 months to get back to normal in terms of family life. Everyone needs to adjust to their new roles, schedules and new normal.
Why are they moving?
Anna your body looks amazing!! Don't even sweat it you look healthy and great :)
You look so good Anna! <3
So glad you and Alessia are doing well! Also you look so wonderful!! <3
Alessia is so happy and her smile is so cute,her beautiful blonde hair ,she looks so much like you Anna a beautiful princess.
a lot of moms go back to work quickly because they have to.. you are very lucky to have the luxury of working from home, and making the money you do as vloggers. Its great too for the kids because they get to spend so much time with you, whereas a lot of kids don't get that. I stay home with my kids currently, I have 3. Only 1 is in school. But I have been back and forth to work at different jobs when we really needed the extra income. I'm getting ready to get to that point again, which sucks. I wish I could continue to stay home but maybe in the future I will be able to earn money from home. My youngest just turned 2 in August, so I really am missing these baby days. I don't think I will be having anymore children so its definitely bittersweet.
Oh Anna! You are looking gorgeous and seem so so happy, so happy things are going well x
When Anna said because I'm food 😹 I couldn't stop laughing oh I love you Anna xxx
Reminds me of emilia at that age doin the excited noises 😂😂 cutie x
Anna thank you for your new video !!\nCould you please share with us how did you sleep trained your children?\nAll of them seems to sleep in their room so well!\nI have two babies and sleep with them so I have no idea how to let them sleep in their own rooms. \nThank you so much! Glad you’re back & Love you!💖🦋
You look so amazing!! What a little sweet-pea Alessia is... 😘👍🏻 If you find the time, would you do a get ready with me again? I love your make up and really looooove those videos you occasionally made! 🙌🏻😍
How cute is she my goodness!
You make me SO EXCITED to have children! :) xxx
You’re both lovely 😊 and I checked out the blog too—so good can’t believe I’ve never checked it out before. Keep up the great momming!
Love you Anna , your baby’s are all blessings, love you from Ireland 🇮🇪 ❤️
Well done Anna... you're beautiful and baby looks happy x
You look great Anna!!!  God Bless!!!
Nauseating
alesia is adorable cute little baby 😍😍😍i miss your vedios Anna ☺
❤️
Why the belly showing?
You look great
Welcome back ❤️
So happy you're back anna❤️
I can't wait until she's a toddler!!
I'm picturing her grown up sitting on the same couch with a baby of her own
Your belly looks amazing. It's so admirable to be that skinny after 3 children.
I haven’t watched the Vlogs since Alessia was about a month or two old because I’ve been so busy, it’s crazy how much she’s grown and how much she’s Jonathan’s DOULBE! She’s his twin in baby form 😍she’s adorable xx
Alessia is the cutest😍honestly don't worry about your weight you're so beautiful❤️I'm not even pregnant or have kids and I'm completely massive-you look incredible❤️
I really see Eduardo in her :) So sweet you two :)
My 4 children were close in age.  I preferred it that way, since I was already use to taking care of babies and toddlers.  Alessia is so adorable.  I love it when she makes that panting sound.
i love eduardo and alessias relationship, so cute
HOW IS SHE ALREADY 6 MONTHS OLD OH MY GOD
Awesome, video thank you for taking the time Anna
Anna you look better than me and im 18, and you have had 3 kids!!!!
You look amazing Anna your my all time fav youtuber. Your a fantastic mum. Wife and you do an amazing job x
Anna would love to see a Halloween house tour. Missing that this year!
Welcome back Anna every new mum deserves time off. So lovely your commenting as well. Alessia is gorgeous like the whole family 😘😘
What type of 7 for all mankind jeans are you wearing? They look great on you!
Love you Anna xx your the best
Omg I just want to give her a cuddle  😂😍
Anna is so gorgeous you look amazing your body wow!
I had my second 9 weeks ago and my eldest just turned 2. I agree with not stressing about your body after having baby. It really isn't important in comparison to enjoying your little one. I think you're looking fantastic anyway! Xx
It's so great to have you back, I miss your videos a lot. I also love this kind of chatty videos and Alessia is soooo cute good job :) xx
Alessia is the cutest bay I have ever seen along with Emilia and Eduardo and you are so pretty
She is such a cute baby and very smiley!!!
She's such a doll!! Omg i can't stop sweating!!
So glad to see in you in my feed, Anna! I love everything you talked about and I enjoy how relaxed you seem to be in your role as a Mom. I've always wanted 4 babies as well but I have to say after #2 I'm giving myself a break for a couple years so I can catch my breath, haha. And you look wonderful by the way!
Alessia looks like Emilia I mean her laugh  is the same when Emilia was a baby.  Alessia is so gorgeous ❤
You are beautiful and so is your baby ❤❤
3 children that are in school that have homework and a 7 month year old and a full time job
I hear ya!! I don’t really like when kids go back to school... because it means MORE organization! Keep it up xx
Alessia smile is so adorable. When the camera is on and she gets excited makes me laugh every time lol. Too cute. <3
Im so happy to hear that you want another baby :)
Anna is so beautiful!
Literally sooo happy you're back but took the break you needed ☺️ Alessia is ADORABLE 😍 xxx
Wow you look amazing after having 3 kids! Well done Anna you’re doing amazing 😀❤️
is nobody talking about the fact that she said they want another baby???😍
I just love you Anna, you are stunning, you're an amazing mom.  You look gorgeous and healthy and glowing :)  Alessia is just beautiful.  I too have a rainbow baby (my son who is 14 years old now), and I also found that compared to my daughter, he was the easiest, most chilled out baby.  Definitely a huge change from my rambunctious naughty girl hahahah  So glad you're back to work, can't wait to see your videos.  Xx
you should do a morning routine of a mum with 3 kids ☺
So so happy that you are uploading videos again!!💞
Yes you’re having another one !!!!!
So cute when she cries and then is happy. Shes gonna be a very happy/positive person , its sad when babies grow up as a sister I was sad when my two sisters grew up. I love babies and yes its emotional but U will get used to it. Sometimes I wish I had another   baby brother or sister.
Anna, you look amazing for a mom of 3! :)
She is so adorable
Absolument adorable !!!
ANOTHER BABYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!
Love love love 💕
those eyes & that smile!! oh my gosh! <3
💜💜💜💜
Mahiya mahi: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyC0jc3wvfEfEkhIQeGQXj6A9u9V5kSER
Alessia looks so much like jonathon
You look amazing Anna!!
Your such an amazing mum !! ❤️
Oh my goodness, such an adorable happy baby!!!
❤️
You look amazing!!
she is so cutieee😢😢😢😍😍😍
Yaay Anna’s back cant wait
😍😍😍
Ew your body is horrid. Another reason why I’m not having a baby. I’m not ruining my body for THAT
Something wrong with your babies head
I love Anna's confidence, it boosts me so much. Thank you, you're amazing, just the way you are. ❤️
Oh my gosh Anna! You are gorgeous!! Not gonna lie, the way you look right now, everything from your style, to your hair and your makeup, is the youngest and prettiest you’ve ever looked! You look amazing!!! I know that you’ve been styling your hair this way for awhile now but it’s my favorite and it’s is sooo flattering on you!! I’m so happy you’re back!💕
The baby looks like Donald Trump
That little stuffed rat was dark and feral
Can you make aTRY ON HAUL with Nala and her outfits? please:D
When Zoe put that doll mask on and said mama his reaction was priceless 😂❤️
I really like your vlogs.They are never boring❤ You inspire me so much
wow, did you chance anything in your skin care or how did your skin improve so much?? :)
I can't get over how good your makeup looks in this
You should do a haul to show us properly what you got and where you will use it
Did anyone else notice the black widow on Mark's shirt?? Wth 😂
This made me happy 😊🍁🍂
What's the song before I put a spell on you, at 9:51 ??
Your videos always make so happy!! 🤗
That last mask had me laughing so hard 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
i love it when zoe and mark are laughing so hard that they do the same actions and laugh even more
I laughed till I criiiiiiiied when you tried the masks on in the car! These vlogs are the BESSST!!
Hi Zoe! What car do you have? It’s so nice! Xx
I'd really crave a friendship like Mark's and yours omg, love you guys
Do you upload everyday??? Because I'm obsessed with ur videos Xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Was laughing the whole time when you and Mark were in the car, felt like I was there with you. Love the banter x
You should look on party delights online they have brill halloween stuff!!!
These cold sunny autumnal mornings 😍 I really like you with light makeup or without it 😊 You and Mark are friendship goals!
Would love it if you could do an updated skincare routine (morning/evening)!!! Have a great day zoe!
The range and Morrisons are the best for haloween
Mark vlogs are the best ❤️
Crying at the masks!
Please try using MiaCare acne patch for your spots, it is really effective. I have a massive spot on my forehead and after using it for 3 days straight it is now gone! Iloveyousomuch zoella <3
Zoe, Just got home from work (lousy day) I honestly have not laughed so much in  a long time...Thanks from Australia
I love how this vlog started
Your vlogs always bright up my day. I had a really bad day today. And it’s only 11am. So thanks Zoe :)
It always makes me so happy to see that mark is in your vlog!
This year make some festive baking videos, i love them!!!
Thank you for the laughs...luv'd it
You probably got a spot as you’re coming down with something Zoe! Hopefully it will go as soon as it came x
Zoe and mark vlogs are my favourite 😍
Morrison’s must feel left out haha! And I NEED that creepy toy!
I wanted to make my Twitter name spoopy for Halloween since I've never done it before. But my Twitter name is Beeba K Smith. I thought of Boo at the beginning instead of Bee, then realised . . . Booba. Hi, I'm Booby, pleased to meet you XD
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE BIT AT 10:00 \n\nOmg it’s the best thing ever look at Zoe’s face !! 😂✨
the Fenty foundation looks really nice on u <3
They should have gone to Home Bargains and B&M
Seriously your friendship with Mark is the best! You’re giggles and funny moments......You always act like you drunk 😆😂😄🤣
mark in that baby mask going 'shhhhh' is sooooo creepy
I love all of your vlogs cause you're always on a great mood and you make me so happy❤
Zoe your vlogs are some of the most relaxing things on the internet 😍😊
Watching this with a full cup of coffee in my hand deffo wasn’t a good idea 😂 Im crying laughing and half of my coffee is in my lap 😂😂😂😂
Literally cry laughing at yours and mark's car banter hahahaha
When Mark was like uhm... hi! to Siri omg!  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Omg omg omg I saw that exact same ostrich in bureash manor and I was laughing at its neck for a good long while😂😂
Did anyone else think that Mark had a real spider on his Top 😂No just me,okay.😂
I just love it when mark and Zoe makes videos together. They make me laugh so hard. Those two are so cute togheter♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Whenever I hear Zoe fake scream in horror, I immediately imagine her as a guest in supernatural either getting killed at the beginning or as a survivor.
Zoe and mark vlogs are what i LIVE for!!! 😍😭
You both need to go to b&m & the range!!
Lol when they clapped at the same time 21:03
Are you making a Halloween haul of what you've brought? I hope so. Awesome
Anyone know where her black bag is from????xxx
I love how supportive Mark was being. I know having anxiety can make you freak out in situations like driving but he was so positive and was just bloody awesome :) Loving the vlogs recently !!!
little did she know that later on for their anniversary her sloth may not be enough 😂  (and that she was getting a new car!!!😉  )
Nooooo I wanted to see nala in the peacock costume
The mask bit literally had me in stitches!!!! Cry laughing and everything! I bloody love you two xXx
Hi Zoe,  I think the ferry beauty concealer is a cream foundation
A bent old man😂😂😂😂 you two crack me up. I love this vlog soooooooooooo much😍😍😍😍xxx
This video quality is beautiful, Zoe!
Love when these 2 are together make me laugh so much 😂😂
Are they cousins or something? They look somehow related...
You guys should do driving sing along !!
U should do a Halloween haul !!
When you upload it literally makes my day! Gives me something to look forward to after work!
I laughed so much!! I was having such a bad day! Zoe and mark cheered me up. Thanx Zoe!!!
I seriously could watch a live stream of Zoe and Mark in the car. So funny. \n-Frey
zoella can you do a Halloween haul
Did nobody else notice the person that walked by on the right wearing a mask at 18:10!? 😳😂
What foundation and concealer does she use at the start pleaseee??
i don't understand how someone doesn't like this
Please can share what you used to clear up your skin? At 28 and still having the skin of a spotty teen is not fun! :(
it's tits, mark! hahaha
A dark Ferris wheel
Mark frightening Ferris
spoopy
pls do another night time routine
Halloween is coming!!
Maybe Mark Fearis?
Hfd
What mascara were you wearing 😍😍😍😍
'Oh bastards......' me whilst driving hahahahahahah
Zombiella!!
17:34 is the best
whats a jazz song?
BooElla
Obsessed with your blogs
Omg the masks... Laughcrying😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
AUTUMN GIRLLLL. UGHH I LOVE ZOES BOOOKKK
Love u guys
help other youtubers
PLEASE (1000) DO A CLOSET TOUR
I adore these shopping vlogs with you and Mark! 😊
Does anyone know what song was playing on the piano that Zoe said was her favourite ? X
the song at 11.38 is Biffy Clyro - Many of horror (if anyone was wondering lol)
what maaascaara is she using?
Does anyone know what song is playing around 11:15 ?
When Zoe eats it remind me of a lil rabbit eating it’s so cute!!!
Total Mind Blank! But what is the song been played on the piano! 😍
taaan please do an updated hair styling routine with this shorter hair!
I love your Christmas Range. I got the lip duo and the dark plum cherry colour is my fav :) and the calander is amazing x
Finally a beautiful and cozy tanya vlog again. This was so nice to watch. Really hope you're doing Vlogmas this year. Over the year I always watch old vlogmases all over and over again because I love it so much and it makes me feel so happy. :)
Can't wait to get my hands on some of these fabulous products, Congrats Tanya xoxo
Well done Tanya I feel so proud of you 💕🌸🌸
Girl Boss on Netflix is really good :)
Hey guys i just uploaded a new video 📸college lookbook 🙈it would mean world to me if you would check it out 🤗link in bio 📸thanks in advance id you subscribed 💁😘
I'm obsessed with watching outlander! Season 3 just out on amazon prime x
The event space in Harvey Nichols looked absolutely gorgeous, Tanya! X
Your products look amazing, beautiful display, unfortunately am out in South Africa, next time I visit England or move back I will definitely be getting your amazing products well done hun x
I uploaded my first vlog today, you really motivated me to start YouTube and I hope people enjoy it as much as I had making it!
Congratulations, your products look amazing; hope you feel better soon 🌸
I don’t comment very often, but I really wanted to say how much I respect your work ethic♥️😊.  Even when you’re clearly not feeling well, you get up, get dressed, do your makeup and get it done!!!  (And look lovely whilst doing it, I might add!). An true inspiration.  I hope that the young ladies watching realize that all you have, you’ve come by it honestly... through hard work and determination.  Well done you!💗💜💘💕
Your Collection!!!!  I'm obsessed with it ALL!!
Tan makes me want to seriously consider moving to London
The products look awesome I wish I could get some
Tin Star is so so good!!! I think you’d enjoy 🙌🏻
Oh I apologise, just realised when I played the video back that you did actually say where the earrings were from, so forget that haha!
Your pretty and sweet!
I've heard trust me on BBC One with Jodie Whittaker is good 👍🏼
Outlander. I'm currently caught up and loving season 3.
Lucifer is s good 😁\nCongrats to u success 😍
love this make up look!\nso mod!!
Lots of love from Texas 🤗🤗😘😘😘😘
Big congrats to you Tanya! I'd love to get my hands on TBurr Cosmetics one day. Do you guys do international shipping to South Korea?
Tan, me and my boyfriend have just started watching Limitless on Netflix - it’s brilliant! Definitely worth a watch 😊 Xx
You have to watch Brooklyn Nine-Nine, it's the best! And really funny
And now I want chocolate lol thanks Tan lol love it and need it all!!!!!
Get well soon Tanya Ive just had the throat virus.. its awful.. take care x
did you watch Victoria or outlander ? i love those shows and they are on tv this month :)
I wish you would sell your advent calendar in Australia
Martha was soooo cute on the cushion! A good series to watch is 'This is us'... so good!
Hi Tanya, Is Tanya Burr cosmetics coming to the US?  That would be wonderful if it did.  Hope you feel better soon.
Love youre vlogs i can't wait for vlogmas this year! Its only a few weeks away^_^ \nPs: I am not feeling well for a while now but it won't set trough-_- Thats so annoying! Hope you feel better soon xxx
these colors looks so beautiful on you!
Please do another pop up again , I wished to Able to come down but had to work 😢 xxx
Get well soon Tan! I was at your pop up store in Harvey Nichols Saturday but I missed you! 😔 but still had the best time and those truffles were awesome! Love you loads! Can't wait to stock up on your xmas collection 😘 xxx
Congratulations! You're so deserving of all your success and it couldn't happened to a lovelier person x
iv'e just ordered your mascara & brow pencil from superdrug - cant wait to try them xx
It was so great to be able to go the pop up! Thank you so much for organising it, so proud of everything you've achieved and the products are amazing! The lipsticks are my favourite! xx
Are the products cruelty free? 🐰💕
Love the packaging Can't wait to try them Thanks and !I've you Tanya xx
'Call the Midwife' is my absolute favourite at the moment, it is honestly brilliant, exciting, funny sad, informative with a wonderful atmosphere and the best actors! Hugs from Germany beauty!
Omg..your Christmas collection looks gorgeous! Are they ever going to be available in NewYork? :(\nWhen am I going to be able to purchase your Advent calendar??!!!???
Those products look amazing, particularly the star buy and the day and night palates. Imagine that pop up was an actual shop, it would be the prettiest makeup shop ever.
Your collection looks amazing. Congratulations. If you're looking for TV shows to watch, try Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries. It takes place in the 20s and the clothes are incredible.
Hope you feel better soon x
Yay! Congrats Tanya so proud of you! And I can't wait to buy your Christmas collection it's so exciting and beautiful :) you and your Tanya burr team have done an amazing job at the creation of those beautiful products! So yay! And also I love Martha she is my favourite type of dog, she is so cute too :)
You should watch rebellion- it's a really good television show about the Irish rebellion against the British
watch the detectives: murder on the streets on bbc 2 xx
hi can i have the name of the tune thats playing in this video please.Music is my life
I had a lovely time meeting you and seeing the Christmas collection!! Beautiful event too, thanks for having xx
❤❤love the opening so cute.👍
Did you watch GirlBoss on Netflix? I read the book and watch it now, it's quite interesting and I love stories with a true story background :)
TV show I recommend-The good place;-))))\nStranger things
Obviously PLL 😍 but I’m not sure if you’ve seen it already!
you should watch gilmore girls if you never have! it’s a good cozy fall show
The Path on Hulu!! Its so good!
you should watch The Good Place. it's such a good show!
Love you, Tan! You're so sweet!
Try Sudafed nose spray to unblock your nose and get a good night's sleep.  It's a revelation!  Get well soon 😘
So great see all of your hard work come together in what looks like an incredible collection Tanya, you should be so proud of yourself! I also appreciate the time and effort you go in to make sure your products have the right formulations, it makes such a difference to whether or not someone stays loyal to a brand, keep up the great work!
You would love Hart of Dixie :)
I'm currently watching Are You The One which is a good show to put on in the background and it gets slightly more addicting over time!
Products are looking so lovely! I can't wait to get some! Xx
holy moly how are all your viewers SO GORGEOUS???? literally every girl i saw was so pretty
Just have to say how proud I am of YOU! Remembering the early days when you would model for Sam & Nic. What amazing things all three of you have done! That you're just as beautiful & sweet as ever is what keeps people supporting everything you do. Congrats, Tan!
OMG😱😱😱 I wish I could have been there. How could I access your products in USA?
How did you apply your eyeliner? It looks flawless!
Will the box with the eyeshadow palette, and lipsticks be available at feel unique? It’s not on their website!
Where are your earrings from?
I just started watching the new season of AHS 😱😱😱
I love your Christmas Collection! Is there anyway to get the Advent Calendar shipped to Canada? I didn't see it on Feel Unique..
You're amazing!!😘
Love your Christmas collection many congrats Tanya xx
Martha is the cutest!!
please say you're doing Vlogmas!
Lucifer on Netflix ☺️🙌
Tanya, you should totally watch Lucifer. Very easy to watch and funny too!
Love you💕 Can you please make a updated makeup collection 🙏🏻😘❤️😍
Where can I buy Tanya Burr Cosmetics in America?
You and Misha Grimes are my favourite vloggers! xx
Which exact ones are the bottoms from topshop?
you should watch superstore
Beautiful
Watch OUTLANDER!! It's on Netflix xox
Advent calendar is the cutest!!!
💛
AWWW THE DOGGO
Wow Harvey Nichols 😍😍😍 sooo great you deserve that 🙌👏👏
Watch Outlander!!!
watch riverdale or gossip girl
Outlander!!!  So good!
Congrats Tan XOXOXO
Congrats Tanya! Lots of love xx
congratulations!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you
Is there any one who ships to australia. YOU NEED TO OPEN UP IN AUSTRALIA. MY daughter loves your product. Suzanne
You should watch Outlander!!! Btw how can I get an advent calendar shipped to Mexico 🇲🇽??? I soooo want one!! Love you Tan!! Xxxx
I wish the advent calendar do sell internationally on feelunique
i've come to learn that i am completely wrong, and i am a dipshit me after every argument ever
Do Mexican candy taste test!!!!!!! Please
She looks like Leighton meester
Your skin looks amazing! <3 I love watching your videos while doing some vlog edits!\n\nxoxo,\nIya
WOOOOOOO I LOVE CHLOE
lil bit too bright
Eye tutorial please 😭❤️❤️
what are these lashes ?!?!?!
you're so gorgeous :)
GORGEOUS GORGEOUS GORGEOUS <3
U looked pweeeety before makeup 💓💓💓
Hot and beautiful 😍❤️❤️❤️🇳🇱
Honestly everything looks beautiful on your chloe
stunning
Rihanna wants to charge me $37 AU for a stick blush? Bye!
AHAHAHA dip shit haven't heard anyone say that in years! Love it!
I jizzed it on my chest!!!!!! 🤣
why it didn't look good is bc the blender is a build able coverage and the brush is instant full coverage...
“I usually actually just jizz it on my chest.” 😂🤣😂
I still love your content
Chloe babes can you do some fashion videos ? I love your style 💖
i really love that your videos are thorough but also to the point and quick! youre so beautiful!
The foundation is supposed to be sweat proof but yesterday half of my makeup evaporated 😭 \nIs that only me or...?
“Hopefully no oil comes off bc I just did my makeup....-weLL WOULD YA LOOK AT THAT IM OILY AS F”
Your lips are looking so good Chloe! 😍 Who is doing them now?
The highlighter looks amazing on you, and the fact that it stayed for 10 hours is amazing because I feel like it is the first thing that comes off on me!
I usually just actually just jizz it on my chest. 😂😂😂😂  CRYING! I love you Chloe.
I actually can’t believe the products that you gurus get. It’s amazing they can afford to send everyone of the colors to all of you and charge the public a fortune 🔮 for them. I know it sounds like jealousy but it’s actually thinking they are dumb as hell. You guys don’t even use most of them. They lose a lot there but get it back from us. You guys can’t say it’s for your kit because you don’t do other peoples makeup anymore. It’s just yourself. I think you guys should start doing other people. It would be interesting. Still love all your videos. Not against you. You can’t help it but you should do more giveaways for colors you can’t use. I’ll take whatever. 😉 hehe
Can you do a tutorial on this hairstyle please?! It's gorgeous xx
You look so stunning at the end of the video!
You look beautiful Chloe! Can you review the new Galaxy collection by Fenty beauty ?
Was waiting for this babes!! ❤️
Just the tip of the Iceberg, how low have we allowed ourselves to sink? Homeless Vets on OUR Streets, Homeless full stop! Corrupt Governments, a Cataclysm of staged attacks, Women & Children dying every day, needlessly, while you pander your own Narcissistic Ego, mind boggling, how dumbed down you have allowed yourselves to become. Satisfied with your material fallacies! Keep watching your scrying mirrors, keep swallowing your Blue Pills. Makes me ashamed to be part of the same Race.
OMG I think she got married already
*Fenty Beauty is here to stay* #MoneyMoves *When Rihanna became a world star successful artist, award winning Fashion designer and now makeup*
I didn't like rihanna either at first. Actually I'm still not her biggest fan, but I can appreciate her and the effort she puts in her make up line
Woah it looks terrible at the end. I honestly hated all the products i tried from the fenty line specially the foundation. I returned everything
😳you are the only you tuber I've seen with that many match sticks!!!!😍😍😍😍Didn't know you had it like that Chloe !!😂😂😂🌹🌸
Riri is the worst human on this planet
You are so beautiful,I never bother to see you❤from greece❤
OMG it is the first time i see the fenty paper
I get major Blair Waldorf from Gossip Girl vibes from you! So gorgeous and classy! xxx
If only I knew who her lashes are by. Anyone know?
Green is your color! 😍
I like your videos,but I hate when u say bad words!.im like shes so pretty but with those words
Lol no filter for the click bait 😹
Wow she got the whole match Stinson wow
Love the green palm print top! Where is it from? 😍
You’re life is make up
I love the way she pronounces Mocha lol so cute
Chloe! I love your earrings where are the from?!
If you are Hispanic or speak Spanish go and check it out my blog at frentealespejo.net you will have beauty tips. Spanish blog. I will write new things every week. Thanks and remember to subscribe to the mailing list to get the latest update.
This is easy the best review I've seen of the collection. You're the only one I've seen that really tested out the products and used the brushes and sponge the way it's meant to be used. A+
Do you do self tanning or tanning in general? If so please stop your skin color is beautiful and there is no need to change it with chemicals.
Hi Chloe! I hope you can answer my question. I heard you mention that you like 'Born this way' foundation from TooFaced. As I too have oily skin I bought myself this foundation and HATE IT! BUT....I'm guessing I am probably applying it incorrectly. Please, please share your preferred primer and application of this. I payed a lot for it and really want to like it.I really hope you have a chance to answer. Love from 🇨🇦
Your hair looks adorable! I did not expect to see such a huge collection of the matchsticks! You always look gorgeous!
Hey Chloe,\nI was wondering if you remembered where you got you makeup storage drawers. I was just wondering because I'm trying to find some drawers for storage and I love the way your look. Please let me know. Love your videos and you😘
Lol noticed you didn't blend the lip 😂😂
Any small youtuber wants to be friends?😊
We know what Seba does with Chloe's chest ;))
I really loved your energy in this video! A++\nAlso, your hair. Amazeballs. xx
What colours would you say is closest to 280? Meaning shades in other brands, I've ordered mine too dark and I'm swapping it for something else but I have to order online.\n\nI find that I'm the same shades as you most of the time in foundations.
you always do makeup so flawlessly <3 so much love
Chloe! Did you get married? What’s this new ring on your finger??????? 😱
Hello Chloe can you make a tuto about your hair ??? PLEASE! kiss <3
Ypu look pretty. I am so excited! I just bought your new collection. I can't wait to get it. Love you!
you should do a video with your sister! x
Only youtuber that has made me laugh while enjoying a makeup tutorial 😍😘👏🏻
I love this because your the first person to use the brushes!
Eye makeup tutorial PLZ
so beautiful x
“Jizz it on my chest” 😂😂
What haircolour do you have here Chloe??
Just got your new Ciate palette this week and obsessed with it!  Great job!  So much fun to use!
My face when you showed all of the sticks 😳
Can I just say your hair is looking FLAWLESS!!!! I couldn’t stop looking @ it!!!!
You remind me so much of Blair!! Everytime I watch your video’s, I get flashbacks from gossip girl😅
💞 Beautiful!!💝
Tutorial on the eyeshadow look😍🙌
'sHe DiDn'T sMiLe MuCh' 😒😒😒
I love your hair here! Suits your face shape very well :) stunning!
The hair is on point
Love that you dont care!! You look amazing!❤🖤
So pretty! Love the look ❤️
Why you look like a Candice swanepoel?
Can you please make a tutorial for this eye look. They are stunning!!!!!
I don't understand how we have the same foundation shade!
Can we please get an updated skin care routine? You have the most beautiful, even skin I have ever seennnnnn
OMG wow you got sent so much! You’re so lucky, I can’t even afford one of her products :(
You make putting on makeup so easy. I really want to try fenti but the closest stockist is in Gold Coast (I am in Townsville) and I need to try the shades. I always get scared when people put on the contour creams but they look so good when you blend them out. Maybe I should try them
Wow Chloe you look so happy in this vid 😊🤗
Does anyone ever notice that she looks like Candice Victore Secret & Kendall jenner ??
Love your hair!! The final result of your makeup is stunning. Sexy af👍
I still don't like Rihanna 😂 for the same reasons as Chloe when she didn't. I don't hate her but I don't love her. No hate at all! I just don't see why she's so amazing
Omg this girl got to much work on her, she looked beautiful before, she legit looks so old.
One of the prettiest people ever
It looks awful after 10 Hours, though you have perfect skin! The eyeshadows stayed so well!
Do I hear a cat purring towards the end of the video, or am I just crazy?
Oh my God ... You are not that pretty without makeup.
Can you do a toot on your eye make up, pretty please
To clarify: I never said I was definitely returning it (or the company took it back), I said we'll see if they let me! as a joke, knowing I've done a lot of stuff in it and also made a video documenting me doing those things, implying that they would definitely not let me return it. Sorry if that didn't come across or if anyone got confused! xox
*Who else noticed that Saf's getting more and more comfortable with every video she posts? She has always been a natural talent with a great way of talking but I feel like she's having a lot more fun than she had before? Or is it just me feeling that way? Saf is just amazing, I love every single video she posts!!*
3:46 Miranda has a Russian accent all the sudden 😂
Anyone else thinking of the naruto run with this jacket?
I guess you can say that she has a few... tricks up her sleeves. 😏😏
Safs videos are always so cool. They’re funny but also she includes history! I’m just so glad she decided to do her own thing.
This video is so EXTRA... Extra sleeves, extra denim, extra fun... And extra source of jokes! 👏🎉😁
Man this is a rare example of a chick that is super hot, but her voice is just really unattractive
I subscribed so fast after the segment with the noodle guy from the car dealership
Can you please trend the nose hair extensions fad right now. I don’t understand it but it’s a video so. 💁🏻
700$? Noooo \nCut the sleeves and make it a regular jacket at least
Make it into a straight jacket
THOSE SHOES ARE FROM NARUTO UZUMAKI AND YOU ARE BLESSED TO HABE THEM
Please do a “wearing all the ugly clothing for a day” video? PLEASE
THIS COST MORE THAN AN IPHONE
The jacket is cute but of course the sleeves ruin it lol also the price...wtf. Totally not worth it lmao
BuzzFeed's next video: women wear the ugliest clothes for a week
Saf this was awesome I love these wear it for a week videos
wtf, is the fashion industry okay?
now you can wear your jeans as a jacket
I love when you add little history lessons <3
This video made me laugh so much
This jacket is giving me anxiety and freaking me out simultaneously. Either way, I'm extraordinarily uncomfortable.\nBravo.
It gives me anxiety just watching this.
Why is this being reviewed as if a single person watching is thinking of buying this 😂
during the dancing i was cracking up hahah
you look like slender man😂
Safiya, you must be the one thing keeping this company afloat.
“world ugliest jacket“\nWell I saw jackets that were way uglier xD
Honestly when I first saw that jacket I was kind of put by it and I didn't know how to feel but after you styled it and wore it it looks really nice and not just try and sound crazy or anything but I really liked the one with all the pieces that were supposed to be ugly honestly I feel like that's the only place that all of them make sense on all at once oddly enough I like the last last outfit
I really want to see the people reaction when you wear it without camera close to you..  I mean ask Tyler to record far away from you and see how people react to it.. it would be funny!
I LOST IT AT I'M TRYING TO STUDY THE CRAFT
you should try the dad belly fanny pack next :3
I’m kinda not mad at the jacket when she doesn’t put her arms in the sleeves. It’s the only ways I’d wear it.
Well.. you can't complain about the arms being too short
Well i know what im saving money for
Wow I clicked just to see how many subs you got. Damn you're one of the first successful people that left buzzfeed
You are killing the YT game. Happy for your success.
Her dancing outside of the car dealership was amazing 😂 I love how committed she was all week she got major use out of those sleeves 😂
Please, make a Boyfriend buys my outfits video. \n\nAnd wear them for a week.\n\nNo! My Boyfriend boys my ugly outfits video.
I don't understand fashion...
Edward denim hands was the best part of this video!!!!!! Made wasting 6 minutes worth it!!!!!
omfg i died when she started copying the tube arm monster thing lol
can you do tomboys become girly girls for a week!!!! Not ne becaause tomboy is cool
I DIED LAUGHING WHEN SHE WAS DOING THE WACKY ARM INFLATABLE TUBE MAN THING LMAO AHJSAHSHKSJA
Cristine and Saf have the cutest friendship. They're both weird and are so funny! Its adorable. I love them together. 😍❤️👭
A part of me REALLY wants you to keep the jacket. You looked like you had so much fun with it. But $700!! So much money that could go to other ugly fashion.
Looks like a Canadian straight jacket.
Did you just say I am Edward denim hands.... i'm done 😂
It doubles as a straitjacket because you must be insane to pay $700 for a jacket
what are those is she okay haha sorry
Do a video we’re Tyler buys u outfits for a week like the boyfriend buys my outfits btw I love ur videos
its not ugly you just gotta be asian, super skinny, or rihanna to pull it off
I literally cried while watching this xD
The most hilarious episode so far!!! lol
i cried laughing when she imitated the wacky inflatable arm flailing tube man!!! also I totally built those Lexis's
I was seriously laughing my ass off the entire video!! Loved it Saf❤️❤️
Yes give me all the history!
I think this is one of my favorites from you !!!
Cut and hem the ends and it will be a cute denim jacket
I love Saf because she always researches her history.. smart girl.. her reviews are legit.. if I did a review on this, the video would be like less than 1 minute long, laughing, saying how much this jacket sucks...
OMG and you never need a partner to dance - and not that I would, but it is a shoplifters dream garment. Ahead of the security teams in every store - bet they never saw THAT coming! I could not wear it though, being 5' tall would mean more of a Fossey type look. The swimsuit would match .....
Is it weird o watch this channel + the channel naillogical and I’m a boy and I enjoy these vids
I prefer the jacket when Saf was tying it around her waist like a belt. It actually looks nicer like that.
how to cosplay as number 3 from knd
sooo funny! the ugly everything outfit had me laughing so much!
https://www.facebook.com/yahoo/videos/1744132048953008/?comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22O%22%7D FOR WHEN YOU DON'T KNOW IF YOU'RE HOT OR COLD. Safiya please try these pants/shorts next!
BREAKING NEWS: NO ONE GIVES A DAM
I've never laughed at your videos this much before! 🤣🤣
literally my fav part of devil wears prada i reenact that part religiously
Pretty sure I laughed so hard I woke up my room mate when she imitated the tube guy. :D
why do i like that jacket XD
This is the one 'ugly thing' that I actually kind of loved...
I never wanted this jacket until now. _thank you safiya_ . *WHO HAS $700 HMU*
11:12 That should've been the thumbnail
Lmao I died with the arm flailing tube man
Girlll, you have one of the best viewer to subscriber ratios on youtube and you deserve it!
You’ll grow into it- grandma 2k17
But we can at least help put people in many ways
I want a girl with a short skirt \nand a looooonnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggg jacket
Finally a jacket for those who want to revisit the days of oversized hand me downs from their child hood.
lmao i saw her at disneyland now I'm pissed i didn't say hi
Safiya is so damn beautiful 💕
9:58
Sad
lmao im kinda tempted to wear one
She reminds me of mulan 😂
you r my hero.........
'I'm dangerous' 😂
Slenderman  jacket HAHAHAHA LOL
when ur girl likes an oversized jackets
ultimate sweater paws
AYE WERE TRENDING YASSSSS SAF
What are thou
10/10 floppy arm dancing.
EDWARD DENIMHANDS FSTUDBNJODFB
Kinda lowkey loving the slenderman vibes
Lmao 9:57 she flashed everyone
I want one
The sleeves make me feel very uncomfortable
Love u joe💜❤️💙💚💜❤️💙💚
This Jeff (•   • ) \n                 ( ---  ) With every like he gets older! How old can we get him?
I was waiting for your amazing pranks and here it is \nLoved it \nLove from INDIA
Awe poor Josh at the end 😂😂😂
THAT WAS THREE YEARS AGO?????!!!!!
Watching this while drunk very good
This was the funniest one in a while
Joe is so extra I love it lmaooo😂👌🏼
Try to put a and to this ...m
Well done for getting number 10 trending
I love the prank videos😂❤️ there my favourite😂❤️❤️
Grant sounds like a girl when he screams.
No way was that 2000 balloons
Lol I've already watches this 6 times 🙃
Anyone remember that music from Joes old prank videos 😂🙃
But were there 99 Red balloons?
Great video omg that looks amazing😂🎈🎈 I have a small channel that I am really trying to grow and I'd be super grateful if anyone could go check it out!💜
That was the best video ever
Do more pranks they are amazing
This Is kinda A Prank On Joe Cause It took SO LONG BUT...  the results were GREAT
Well its 34 on trending!!! In aus
I loved this so much!  😂
Josh's face when he entered the room😂😂
My new favorite video
I can‘t believe that was 3 years ago !!
This is the best ever Joe, because of the SC cards and Josh being a regular uploaded hahaha. Well done Joe, well done 👍🏻😂👏🏻
Are there two guys named josh in this video?
Joe is pranking Josh cause he misses having Caspar as a roommate and is jealous.
I would love my life if there were balloons everywhere in my room
Thats so man you should've cleaned with josh
Literally all Joe's pranks (and dare suggs) get so many views lol
You could take those perfect Instagram picture in there
Joe’s scream when the balloon popped 😂😂😂😂😂\nEDIT : I replayed his scream like 20 times and I could not stop laughing 😂😂😂
Pranks are back baby
OMG...... I’m speechless........... 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
prank casper!
Grants scream omg hahahaha
Josh and his uploads
This is absolutely hilarious
love your pranks lolll
Grants scream😂
Joe Your In Dude Decent
4:34 KILLED ME OMG
3:40 😂😂😂😂
3:39 ahahahahaha
Congrats on being 11 on trending
Who else at 7:35 thought that was acspider
Grant's laugh is actually the funniest
Reminded me of the scene from the Incredibles
What was the thing josh stabbed
Mind checking out my channel? I’ll make slime and roblox videos once or twice a week.\n❤️byeeee❤️
Oh my god I had my notifications on for that balloon video... damn!! Xx
Idk why I laugh so much when Josh says Outta my way!
4:35 he knew straight away that it was a prank
I was going to click like but I realised I've already clicked it
Next time you shouldn’t even hide it in the ballons but like in the sink in the bathroom or something so he goes through them all and doesn’t even find it😂
I was waiting for another prank
Joe my dad's friend knows your dad and I was wondering if I could met you psyched I know your dad's name
Who let the clown in to the house? its the movie IT all over again
I love your pranks they're so amazing and inspirational 😂😉
please subscribe and like if you like what you hear \nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpegol4QkKQ8fqN7Dgn-Ivg
The Titanic part had me dying 😂😂😂
You should do a prank on someone of pennywise
PLEASEEEEEE DO MORE PRANKS!!!!!!! Like if you agree!!!!!
It’s different with me 😂😂😂
What a video that was !!!
What did he stab?😂
who wants another singing impresination
OMG IT'S TRENDING
LOVED THIS PRANK PLZ DO MORE
Savage mate
Perfect watches Joe!
Number 34 on trending!!!! YASSSSS JOE!!!!!!!!
Is it still there
omg that would be sooooo hard to do thet prank
The pranks came back
7:39:))))
HAHAHA YESSS ANOTHERRRR PRAANKKK
Irish dancers yay
Just Amazing!
Congrats on 11th trending
Finally !\nA prank!!!!\n👏👌👏
Not a faker with pranks
Do more GTA 5
Lol😄😄😄😄😄😄😃😄😄😄😄😄😄
O\nM\nGggg
Congrats on trending 🖒
6 trending xx whoop
Grant's hotter than Joe.
Grants scream makes my day !!!
Rick rolled sucka
Genius!! Love it 😂👏🏻
#6 on trending well done joe
hehe, love this throwback vibe 😂👌❤❤
Yay!!! Good job Joe! Love ya!
Well done joe congrats 👏🏼
Lol 💕❤️😂
looking fit Mr. Suggy
from 6:21 i ligit pissed myself
Getting colder colder \n\n\nI'm eveil
I missed the first 2 mins of the video and had to go back because I'm just staring at that perfect liner 😅 how do you do it Suzie! I got the nude bow jumper too and the cape coat I love it haha! <3
Please tell me which blue jeans you are wearing. Brand, style and colour. They are just perfect! Need them.
Great choices!\nWhat lipstick do you wear on video?its gorgeous!
She looks like she's coping off Zoella
Olivy, bat wingy, nudy, cardy, camelly, syntheticy, plasticy.....?????
https://youtu.be/DZVJC6guVaY
You’re gorgeous 👌❤️
The shearling jacket is SO CUTE!
love the herringbone scarf!!
Love your suede jacket 🌷
Aviator jacket camel jumper and green cardigan are gorgeous. You have lovely style suzie x
Great haul!💖👌
getting that beanie for sure!!
where your earrings from?
Love the cardigans
Happy birthday
pls do more zara haul!!! ♥️
Stupid little puppy claws... seriously disappointing?
Omg I love the cardigans!!!
Looove the cream cardigan 😍
love the nude cartigan
Love your try on hauls 💚 saludos desde Argentina! 💚😘
Looove those scarves!! I picked a couple up last year and after using the soft ones I couldn't go back to any of my other ones... also, can you link us your jewelry pieces?!
I love the font you use on your thumbnails! What is it called?
Who knows where to find the short necklace that she is wearing? Please?)
good call on the aviator jacket - you're right .. its the perfect length on you! lovely haul - love you!!
where are your earrings from? i love them!!
Oh my I LOVED every single thing in this haul 😍💜
Paused the video to buy the red sweater with the bow. 😂
Love the green cardigan and the suede jacket best.  I love the pink jumper contrasted with the black tie (very Chanel) but I would return since it has pulls in it.
that first grey scarf looks amazing on you! especially with your hair and makeup like that. so pretty <3
Top haul. I have recently become obsessed with Zara this season. I recently bought an insane pale pink and faux fur sweater with huuuge balloon sleeves. It's life. I LOVE it.
You can poke the pulled thread through the jumper (just stretch it a little bit where it's pulled-you will be able to poke it through one of the holes and pull it through from the inside). I have 2 cats I have to do it all the time!
LOVE LOVE LOVE everything from this haul. I'm a short arse too and I need that aviator jacket it's perfect. 👌 Where are you jeans from you're wearing in the cut away frames? Xx
Great video! You got so many cute clothes!! I have a small channel that I am really trying to grow. I would be super grateful if anyone could go check it out!💜
Your hair colour is just so nice :D
Everything looks amazing and suits so well! Except I agree that the “cape style” coat at the end doesn’t sit as well as the other pieces.
What lipstick are you wearing? It look amazing on you!! xoxo
When u wear the cuffs over your hands!!! 🙈
I got the same jacket but in pink xD
tha aviator jacket looks so perfect on you !!!! i love ur videos !
Love your style..more of hauls.. I just added everything in wishlist 😍😍💗
Fell in love with your earrings, where are they from? <3
Number 14 on trending eeeek!!!! Loved this haul, but my bank account did not 😂 love the olive tones and that scarf is lovely 😍
Hey Suzi , just wondering what hairdresser you go to ..? :) loved the haul. Knew you would kill it with an autumn haul. The aviator jacket is sooo flattering on you 😍😍
could you tell me what jeans you are wearing???
Very good video!but i cannot opeen the links!i want to buy firectly things i have got iphone6 and when i cleek on them it goes to a blank page whatever video i  see!can u help?thnk u!
girl im buying every single jumper, cardigans, scarves, and that suede jacket yesssss I love all of them so cosy and pretty and pretty much my style for every autumn and winter season cause dang its cold up here in the north of america 😅☁️🌧🌨🌦☔️
everything is beautiful.. also  the last coat..
Love these type of videos with try ons!Also love the scarves.Liked them all from the start on your youtube vlogs!
That olive cardigan is absolute GOALS! It looks so soft and cozy, which is a must have for the fall! 😍🍂
How tall are you? It would just be helpful in relation to sizing :)
I have the same faux suede jacket and I am soo happy with it! It's so worth buying. Love your hauls, especially Zara ones!!!!😍
Use a bobbypin to fix the snag in your jumper!
That leather jacket you're wearing when showing the beanie!! Where is it from I've been after a jacket like that!!
I'm sooo gold you said that about jumpers being tight at the bottom and that they're not as flattering. All the jumpers I have that I love are loose and I was just about to get a tight one on ASOS. Ta!  Haha
So jealous that you can wear scarves and sweaters already, we’re still waiting for the cold in New York 😭
These videos are my favourite! Try on hauls are the best.
I bought the cape coat but returned it because it was just too thin. For the money I didn’t think it was worth it. Also didn’t have any washing instructions in it 🙈
I just ordered the oversize cardigan in gray. It will be perfect for when I fly to New Zealand in February. I had to limit my self, but wanted to buy everything in this haul💕
Ohhh so nice! Girl three bags for your birthday- you don't need to justify yourself! Love love love xxx
The grey hat. Love it.
Love the cardigans and herringbone grey /beige scarf, I love the bat wing coat on you, will be best when it's really cold as it looks roomy and big enough to wear a thick jumper underneath and still button it up. Your style is so good Susie X ❤️👍🏻💕
Do you actually try things on in store?
Love the aviator jacket! Your fashion content is so nice to watch :) xx
I want that camel jumper on you so much but it’s out of stock :’(
We have the same aviator jacket 😬 I love it! It's so warm. Looks great on you x
I bought the same sweaters in the exactly same colors😂
What jeans are you wearing?
Makeup tut on this look please
Loving all of your haul, love a good knit recently!!! The Zara aviator is in fact £25.99 😱😱😱😱😱 so a Brucey bargain rather than £50 as you quoted, I bought one in mustard yellow and it also comes in a pink 😍😍😍😍😍 I’m in love
I am happy for you, my Zara basket is filled with amazing items, but I live in Louisiana, so I haven't ever worn the clothes I got last year ☹️, I am still tempted to get a couple
Love your videos. What is the lipstick you are wearing? It's lovely and really suits you xx
Where are your jeans from? x
a very nice haul you got there :)
OMG where is the leather jacket from u are wearing when u show the grey hat?? Do u have a link for it. So cute
My favourites are first scarf and camel jumper 😍
You sure say super a lot :) or super super,\nYour style is incredible . Binge watching your videos xxxx ❤️
Always love your hauls!! Im in the southern hemisphere though so they always make me want to dress out of season haha
I really like the green and cream cardigan... nice shopping\n:)
To be honest I'll never get why anyone would consider something 'high quality' when it's literally made up of only plasticy synthetic fibers like acrylic that will look terrible after a year of wearing...
Zara is life! Love these pieces!
Where are your earrings from?
actually, I think the cape is really cute. It's really stylish and fashionable.
I have the red jumper with the bow except In cream, but it's gone so bobbly already even though I haven't washed it. Does anyone know how I can save it? So sad it looks so old and worn :(
You're looking good, girl!🙌🏻 Cute Haul!!!
Don’t keep the pink jumper with the black bow doesn’t really look cute and it kinda makes you look wide and hides your figure ✨
Where is this lipstick from? :)
I love everything omg!\n\nAlso, I personally really like long cardigans and I think this one looks lovely on you! However, if your looking for a shorter alternative, check out the cream one Zoella got from ASOS​ in her latest haul. It looks so cosy, but I also think it is the perfect length for what your looking for xx
What lipstick are you wearing PLEASE TELL US xxx
What jeans are you wearing??
I'm so happy they're building a Zara near me!!
I recently bought a bunch of things at Zara too. I am so impressed with their selections for fall/winter. I want to go back and buy the sweater with the tie on the back. I almost bought it.
I love autumn!!!!Everything you showed is so cosy and makes me want to wrap myself with a blanket and drink hot chocolate by the fire!!!! Great lipstick shade, i was wondering what it is...
The aviator jacket was so cute on you!
Please stop looking into the viewfinder so much.
Youtube made me buy it...so I now got the beige scarf, thanks Suzie ;-). I'd totally be in favour of a Bag Collection video :-)
The red jumper looks so beautiful
your hauls are the best! I love your vlog-style cut-aways!
Love this zara haul would love to see more of these
Adam is a cutieeee
Worth it is the only reason why I still subscribe to Buzzfeed.
Brunch for me is when I can't eat breakfast and I have a bigger lunch
That mega pancake Adam gets 😂😂😂 I want that
I'm so glad they didn't add gold or caviar to the meal...lol
andrew why you gotta mean to steven!
Want to earn $100+ ONLINE? \nIt’s easy!! Just click this link below👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼\n> http://qjniredrrozo.bid/8502591220473/ <\nSign up and start making MONEY NOW!
Come visit Japan on next episode! \n$3 ramen vs $500 ramen
Let's all be thankful that 'worth it' has lasted longer then the that's what she said phase.
Idk if it's just me but Adam is freaking sexy
Andrew seems like a nice guy at this episode.
rice and beans the best
This is the only episode where the most expensive item actually seems worth it.
Adam is just the sweetest.
Not a taco, it's a mix of taco n burrito
do brunch in DC! it's popping
have you seen the shrimps in Malaysia? they are 1 inch in thickness and is one foot long!
They should do a Worth It - $1 Gym membership vs $2000 gym membership especially with all that food! Lol
... I am Jealous of these guys' job...
I was hoping Andrew would lick the frosting off of Steven's face.. lol
The world needs more people like Breezy.
I like how the guy in the middle is a reflection of the audience on youtube, he isn't laughing.
Anybody else notice that Steven is wearing his new suit from worth it lifestyle? Looking fresh Steven!
Eat the chicken and pancake like a Texan!!!! We eat chicken and waffles as one, not separately.
can you guys do an episode of cultural food like indian and pakistani food... i know they might not be as popular as Chinese, Maxican or Italian food but we got some very delicious things too 😋😛
Why is no one talking about the fact that Adam actually got his own food!
Guava is one of the greatest flavors all time
they all looked nasty especially the last one. too much seafood.
My list of best brunch places:\n\n1. Seddon Deadly Sins, Melbourne, Australia.\n\nEnd of list.
I wish I could just sub to this series .
how can you still compare the taste after 2 weeks?
Sorry I love you but you eat the stack.
I wanna visit Belvedere. I want to sample everything. It all looks incredibly delicious.
I ship steven and andrew
My mission was to sell breakfast tacos and queso because no one else in LA was selling it. Really?! I swear to god, gentrifiers will claim they invented breathing before they admit how they blatantly steal from people of color.
Did anyone else notice that at 11:33 the Over cooked game music is playing lol!!
It’s worth it when you pay for an expensive lunch when you make thousands.  Lol I love it though. 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
ADAM IS SUCH A PRECIOUS CINNAMON ROLL
AWWWW Adam was so HAPPYYYYY with that huge pancake
she got the crazy eye
the last one is the best... i mean hands down it is the best affordable brunch
I think the sound guy is in a relationship with the guy with a deep voice. He's very disgusted with the Asian guy during the fork cheers but he's not grossed out the share his fork with the sound guy. hehe. Em right or Em I right? hahaha\nREPLY
Guys do a worth it on roti people please like so they see
Lmaoooo I can’t get over how much cake Adam fit in his mouth 😂😂
the only reason why buzzfeed's reputation is still alive
This video would be better if they were beheaded at the end.
Listen from 12:09 to 12:34 with your eyes closed, it's the best.
Not to be negative here but.. the way she said queso was so cringey :((( it's qeeeso not cAY-so 😭 on a positive note, this whole brunch video looks so good !
They should do a HotPot worth it
How do these guys stay so skinny when they eat so much ?
Omg they might be doing ramen or kobe beef next time!!!
Don’t try my gaydar. It never fails
i swear u guys are so entertaining you could be a show on food network
And I'm good at eating
It pisses me off that she says queso like it's something different, IT'S CHEESE IN SPANISH
Andrew 😂 that's a really good donut
I hope they do ramen next
I’ve met Roy Choi, huge foodie icon in so cal. He’s a super cool guy.
I wish they'd give Worth It their own separate channel. Its literally the only thing Buzzfeed makes that's got any value.
Y didn't u go to McDonald's?
BANANA MACADAMIA NUT BUTTER WHY ISN'T THIS IN MY MOUTH RIGHT NOW
Just call it breakfast Christ
i  ink you should go sub to me <3 please
I wish i could eat for a living
The homestate one the girl was way too smiley
$100 weed vs $500 weed vs $1000 weed
3:02 what is vegentarian taco?
Buzzfeed vs cancer worth it?
Lobster waffle?  Please Singapore has Lobster Nasi lemak 😎
Queso aka cheese
worth it coffe
Lamb pastrami. *thud*
Call me Breezy\nNo thanks
Do hotdogs, milkshakes, nachoes, hotwings, cookies, fajitas, lo mein, and dessert.
A-frame by far. Pancakes boo.
Do pancake next
Buzzfeed pick  In-n-out or Tommy’s
DO BAGELS!!
Andrew is Life!!!
My favorite trio 😍
Taco lady: Tacos and kayso\nMe:q-queso?
White people
8:04
Looks amazing
lobster waffle... 😍😢
Do vegetarian food next!
What is kaso?
What headset is adam using
1:27 XD
god damn it\n\nalright subscribing
Adam is so cute
Spaghetti.
$ chocolate vs $$$ chocolate
$100 hooker versus $10,000 hooker...
David Codney sounds like Ed Helms lol
yooooo ive never seen these guys before!! the guy witht th glasses that pops in .... that  ius soooo fu ny!!!!!! ahahahaqhahahhahahaherijgnkbtwhrwr
CHIK'N'WAFFLZ
Do worth it ramen noodles!
This series is the best thing to ever come out of Buzzfeed and everyone knows it, and it can only be this amazing trio.... NO ONE ELSE.
Those are burritos, not Tacos... wtf
Sean, I love your videos, but your knife technique almost gave me a heart attack! Glad you didn't hurt yourself!
I will love to make my own sushi 💯😍😩🔥🖤
Youtuber trying to reach 13k subscribers. I make natural hair/fashion videos 💕
What I really like about this video is that, unlike Gordon Ramsay, the chef isn't blowing his lid because you didn't do it right. We need more chefs like this in the world.
1950's Mustang. Welp, I guess Sean isn't a car guy lol.
That’s some pretty massive rice 10^15 grams
The second two fingers is what takes the extra 1 1/2 months
That's way too much work for me to try at home Sean
If your taken the skin off the bass why in the hell are you taken the scales off? That's an unnecessary step in my book. I can clean a bass faster then that chef can. Been cleaning fish my whole life.
@firstwefeast & of course you Mr. Evans great job guys n AWESOME CONTENT!! Keep it up guys!! Sincerely one of the reasons I'd rather support n share something more genuine 👌💪🏼💪🏼hustle muscle strong guys lol 😂🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
great video, now how about the hot wings for him to try?
I was convinced Sean was some kind of automaton / robot skin suit man. I'm starting to think he's an actual regular normal human man now. After seeing that fillet work.
There’s just something about Sean’s accent that’s so weird but so satisfying 👌👌👌
even sushi gets a higher rating than DAMN.
You know, I didn't have a chef teach me my first time and it shows. Sean has pretty good looking rolls.
I’m a simple man. I see Sean, i click
Sean is killing this interview game. It's a matter of time till someone start biting his style.
I have no desire to learn about Sushi but I really like your personality so here I'am every one needs a break. Someone out there should open some doors for your future.
You should remember what Joji said about American Sushi... That they're just underground shopping mall level.
Google mother fucker your ads are getting more ridiculous
03:28 Click to see Sean rapping to the bass
He didn't follow properly when doing the scales. He didn't even look at what the Sushi Chef was doing. High frequency, gentle brush. Not hard peeling.
They are preparing raw meat with their bare hands😷, I can’t stand sushi
I just had sushi today and 168 Sushi sucks
he looks dumb making sushi with that gaudy watch
You bob evans son I know it, dont front you bald man. where you stashin that potato money.
1950's mustang haha. C'mon Sean they started in 1964.
My favorite is temaki sushi.So easy and convenient to make.
this guy is a bullshit scam artist if iver ever seenone
No such thing as a 1950's Ford Mustang ;)
Bruh how you gonna get a 50's mustang when they went into production in 65
Take your fucking watch off if you even give a shit Sean... Wtf?
man, people pay so much money to learn this. meanwhile, my parents basically forced me to learn all this before I was even a teenager.
I used to be a sushi chef.  Certainly a steep learning curve in my experience, but it was also my first restaurant job.
I love where this channel is going
Oh man that looks damn good
The chef dad called, he said come home when sushi learns to make sean.
The chef looks like an asian adam sandler
i leave a like before i watch your videos
Want to make up to $2K+  in less than 2 weeks? You're welcome to message me but you don't have to ask for info. Click here to get started now 👉👉👉👉👉 .  www.liveabetterlyfe.com
You the only guy that could rock that gold watch
Sean built like a Toy Story Character
Sean, you a bald ass nigga bro. Get some wig on, you wigga.
This guy sound like a hack.
first we feast can you guys get a new host ! Sean Evans does everyone's heads in
A 1950's Mustang??? Wtf??? Hahahaha!\nSean, the Mustang was put into production in 1964, lololol!
just really nice to you Sean doing different stuff like that....loved it.\ncheers from brazil
where’s the lamb SAUCE
Sometimes I like to imagine that I'm a sushi.
If ya wanna laugh and/or have a handsome penis then watch this: https://youtu.be/slRPkfCowjI
How did the fish get red?
Dude like speaks broken english with an American accent\neven with the hard r's and l's
Now this is a good youtube channel.\nI took an intensive class of four hours to learn how to make sushi. Now i just need a lot of practice, but it's really fun and cool.
As neat as this was there's a fact he mentions, that real sushi chefs spend years perfecting just how to make the sushi rice and nothing else before learning anything else, that makes me question how good one can be taking this course if it's only two months.
woah. for a first timer who learned for 2 hours that's amazing
I read this as 'Sushi Evans makes sushi.'
I question why the scaling part?  I can filet and skin the filet on most fish and have no bones in it, I guess that is why he is a chef and not me though
this chef had the best opportunity to punch sean square in the face and he didnt take it
I think you mean a tri 5 or 55 bel air. Mustang didnt come out til 64 and they were as round as a rectangle.
Bless Donald Trump For Getting Black Folks Back Together, Buying From One Another, Talking To Each Other, it's Wonderful
I mean sure they don't directly correlate with us individually but...
I use to love sushi until I did sushi for 4 years... cutting so many fish every morning... preparing crab meat.. shrimp.. 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
Sean deserves all the fame he's getting, such a charming dude😍
You're usually really good but this video you acted like a fucking faggot
He sounds like Adam Sandler trying to do a Asian accent.
The chefs voice reminds me of someone else on YouTube. I just can't fucking think of the name, it's right there but just won't come out. Litterally can't even concentrate in class. Anybody? Help?
I see a video with Sean in, I click
Sean Evans with that strong watch game
sean wasabi
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
1950's Mustang? #alternativefacts
Straight bass XD
OH SHIT SHOUT OUT TO TORRANCE. WTF
Fishing suks dik
Ladies, 0:36-0:38 ... you're welcome
Sean is daddy
1950`s mustang - cars guys triggered
that watch on sean looool
Hes making overkill sushi. Using a blowtorch and katana damn
Mr. Matsuda looks like a really cool guy. No angry chef pussy bullshit
GOLD BLING TRAIN
sushi is for cucks
1950s mustang lol what
Little, finger action. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Hey Sean.... TERRIBUR DISPRAY
Bitch just said a 1950s mustang
nice watch sean
55 mustang ehh?
They used stripers for sushi?
1950's mustang lmfaooooo
go Sean Ekans
2 months?
torrance isnt scenic
8 is a C...
non car guy= 1950s mustang....
...the fellating?
QUALITY CONTENT!.. good shit sean!
Sean is cringy sometimes
Anybody here from ricegum's disktrack on idubbz?
then the fellating  1:58\n\n:)
Let make it hit 7M today everybody!!! Ahgase Fighting!!!!!!!
Almost 5M ✌ \nNext⏭ 7M 🐤🐤
buồn nhưng không được nản <3
Today we need  to make It 10 M
Work hard guys.  Fighting! Show our love to them.
Song is so good 👏❤\n🐦fighting✌👍
i like this new theme of got7 .. im new from this fandom 😍 . \n#ahgasephils
I love this song
It's a beautiful sky 😍🎉🎊\n4.7M🎁🎉
We love you forever GOT7
3:15 Why you lying boi\n\n\n\nEdit: Song's 🔥 tho
This is not fair! It's YouTube's fault! Throughout the day I saw that all the ahgases of the world do their best effort sharing the link of the MV in the social networks! Youtube stop, stop fooling us! We are not bots! And that's not all! My like disappears every time I refresh the page and the visitors freeze ... I want you to know that the Ahgases around the world supports them! Do not be disappointed guys! (I speak to the members) We are always supporting them! keep fighting IGOT7
I don't care if There is not a cloud cuz I just need Sunshine Youngjae in my life
Fighting a lot fighter💪🏻
I got the feeling that we all can make it up to 5M no... more than that! Fighting, IGOT7!
Since GOT7 had worked hard to prepare this album, let us work hard too! :) keep streaming like there's no tomorrow. but don't forget to sleep and eat, lol
I will never get tired listening to this. Got7 did that
Jackson be like: I DON'T NEED ANYTHING BUT YOU, UNDERSTAND. \ni be like: YES, SIR !! INDEED. 😍🔥👊😎😘💕
May someone take an Screen shoot  on 4.777.777??? its just like a cutee thing *For Seven Seven Seven.....* l
Words/sentence can't describe how much Got7 loves us awgghhhh we are even in their MV
our handsome boy Mark is more handsome than usual!😱😍💗
💜
사랑 got7
JACKSON'S HUSKY VOICE...I DIE😂😂😂
GOT7 100M😊
รักพี่มาร์ค😘😂
amazingi love got7
#47 trending in sg. Damn thats far
1 millions likes please!
got7~
A bop, indeed
4.7 M 💓
จะ 5M แล้วววว igot7 fighting!✌🐦
I SMELL TALENT
사랑해유 갓세븐 💚 Got 7 Fighting!!
Got7 love na
Ahgase~🐦 Fighting!! I Love U Got7 💚💚💚
💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
igot7 fighting🐣🐥🐤
ไฟท์ติ้งค่า!!
👍🏻👍👍🏼👍🏽👍🏾👍🏿❤️🐥
Keep going💪
👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
fight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
someone, hold me.
who sent their feedback?
4,740,088M\n#YouAre #GOT7 #7for7\nIGOT7 Fighting!!!😘😍
GOT7 out here blowing minds 💚🐥💚
sukaaa
LOVE YOU GOT7
#teamG7 🐣🐤🐥🐦
IGOT7 fighting. Got7 fighting. ✌✌✌✌✌✌✌💞💖💕💗❤💜💓
ดีมากค้าาาา
Like this 😍😍😍
Stream stream
654k likes in just one day omo got7 slayin 💖💖\nonce here supporting got7\n#oncexahgase\n#twicexgot7💖💖💖
Js: I don't need anything but you, understand!!  this part killing me 😭
If we didn’t buy the album, all the more we should help in streaming !!! Let’s fly higher !!!
to all new fans;\n\n\n\n\n\n\n-jaebum is the good looking one\n-bambam is the good looking one\n-yugyeom is the good looking one \n-jinyoung is the good looking one\n-mark is the good looking one\n-youngjae is the good looking one \n-jackson is the good looking one \n\nhope this help ;))
Why is it that whenever we near a Million mark the views get slow? It's doing it again at 4.7 M
I dont know them but I kind of like the song. Very summery to slay the streets while listening to this now that summer is coming in my country Peru.
ท่อจะตันตอนนี้ไม่ได้ kuyyyyyy 😡💪💪🔥🔥🔥
ทำไมวันนี้วิวขึ้นช้าจัง อากาเซ่สู้ๆสิ ต้องทำให้กัซมีความสุขให้ได้😭✌😢💖
เม้นไทยเยอะจางง
ชอบตอนยองแจยิ้มง่า ตะร๊าก 😘😘
น้องหัววววเหลืองงงง
ขอความกรุณาไม่แสดงความคิดเห็นว่าปั่นน่ะค่ะเพราะถ้าศิลปินมาอ่านเขาจะรู้สึกยังไงอยากให้โฟกัสที่MVมากกว่าน่ะค่ะควรติชมเรื่องMVมากกว่า\n#ไม่อยากทะเลาะกับอากาเซ่
ทำไมดูจนจบยังขึ้น 1000กว่าเอง งง
เพลงเพราะมาก ฟังแล้วไม่มีเบื่อ ❤️🐥
4.7M ไปต่อเรื่อยๆค่ะ
4.7 m แว้ว จะปั่นวิวต่อไปจ้าา
ปั่นวิววนไปค่ะอากาเซ่
ท่อตันไงก็ย่าพึ่งท้อเด้ออากาเซ่ สู้ ๆ ยังไงก็ทำได้แล้วอยู่แล้ว ปั่นวนไป 💪💚✌
หัวใจจิวายยย หล่อทุกคนนน ร้องเพราะมาก โอ้ยยยย รักกัซ😍😍😍
วิวขึ้นช้าและขึ้นน้อยมาก แต่ก็ยังทำเพื่อกัซนะ สู้ๆ i love got7 ❤💪
4.7แล้ว อีกนิดจะ 5 แล้ว ช่วยกันปั่นเร็ว😙
5m ใกล้แตกแล้วว🎉🎉🎉🎊🎊🎊
รักที่สุดเลย
AHGASAE HWAITING!!!!!!!!!!!! we can do it. KEEP STREAMING
Keep going 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
igot7 fighting! 🐦✌
Fighting baby bird FIGHTING!!!!!🐦🐤🐥
2:31 youngjae very cute!!!!>w<
istg youtube are got7 antis
4.7ล้านแล้ววว💕
🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n🐦\n🐦\n🐦          🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n🐦                              🐦\n🐦                              🐦\n🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n\n🐦🐤🐦🐤🐦🐤🐦🐤\n                                    🐦\n                                    🐤\n                                    🐦\n                                     🐤\n                                     🐦    \n                                     🐤
อากาเซ่ช่วยกันปั่นวิวด้วยน้าา อย่าพึ่งเบื่อเพลงนี้นะ^^
ฟังกี่ที่ก้อไม่เบื่อ เพราะอะแก
อากาเซ่กับกัซพวกเราคือครอบครัว เพราะฉะนั้นสู้ๆๆๆ
คนไทยเยอะดีนะ555 สู้ค่ะ igot7
อากาเซ่ไทยยังปั่นกันอยู่มั้ยเอ่ย. เราละคนนึง ฟังละหลงมากเพลงนี้  จะ5ล้านแล้ววว สู้ๆ
อีก3แสนกว่า ก็จะ5ล้านแล้วววว อากาเซไฟท์ติ้งๆๆๆๆ ทีมปั่นวิวสู้ๆ
Tempatnya mengingatkanku akan SVT Hip Hop team Check in hahaha
🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤\n🐤         \n🐤               🐤🐤🐤\n🐤                         🐤\n🐤                         🐤\n🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤\n\n🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤\n🐤                         🐤\n🐤                         🐤\n🐤                         🐤\n🐤                         🐤\n🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤\n\n🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤\n               🐤\n               🐤\n               🐤\n               🐤\n               🐤\n\n🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤🐤\n                       🐤\n                     🐤\n                  🐤\n               🐤\n            🐤
อาร์มี่จะไม่ทิ้งอากาเซ่แน่นอน อาร์มี่มาช่วยปั่นละจ้าา 💣ARMY•IGOT7🐥\nปล.ชอบสีผมยูคมาก555❤️ ท่อนยองแจสุดยอดมาก ขนลุก  \n—
อากาเซ่จ๋า อีกนิดเดียวเรามาช่วยกัซกันเถอะ ทำให้เขามีความสุขอีกครั้ง
🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n              🐦\n              🐦\n              🐦\n              🐦\n              🐦\n🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n                                    \n         ❤  ❤                  ❤ ❤\n    ❤❤❤❤           ❤❤❤❤\n❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤\n    ❤❤❤❤GOT7❤❤❤❤\n         ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤\n                ❤❤❤❤❤\n                     ❤❤❤\n                          ❤\n🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n🐦\n🐦\n🐦          🐦🐦🐦🐦\n🐦                         🐦\n🐦                         🐦\n🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n\n🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n🐦                         🐦\n🐦                         🐦\n🐦                         🐦\n🐦                         🐦\n🐦                         🐦\n🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n\n🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n               🐦\n               🐦\n               🐦\n               🐦\n               🐦\n               🐦\n\n🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦🐦\n                            🐦\n                        🐦\n                     🐦\n                🐦\n           🐦\n      🐦\n\n\n            AHGASE❤GOT7\n                        7For7\n\nไม่เคยทำแบบนี้เท่าไหร่แต่ทำด้วยใจเลยพอทำได้ ❤ fb. เฌออ ริน น.
5Mสักทีเถอะะะะ
I do need anything but you, understand 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 jackson 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
#47 trending in Singapore!! LET'S GET IT TO TOP 10 AHGASES!
See you at redbull rampage?!
Beast
So stoked ur on a mtb
You should COLLAB with Sam pilgram
cry brand downhill clothing..?
congrats on trending
🌴
Zduno
Ponce.
20 on trending
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
not trending in finland :(
That was fucking rad
keep doin stuff like this
Do more mtb vids!!
Your 20 on trending
Nicely done!👍🏻
Amazing
Fuuuuuuuucccckiiiiinnngggg beasttttt
Nice
Is this Gisburn forest
8 on trending?!
Fucking killing it
Buy a fucking neck brace you cunt
siiiick
YOu goWt soUm Foukin balls mate
Fucking hell you lunatic!
Yesssss!
9:55 Yes iMovie!
You crazy bastard ❤️
Fucking legend mate
Im diggin this mtn bike shit 👍👊👌
Yes harry perfect
Fuck yeah
fucking banger content!
Siccckkk
http://www.havokbikepark.com/\nhttps://www.facebook.com/havokbikepark/
Somebody send my “mains” a stabilizer
Late squad where you not at ?  \n----- he's trending he's trending lol
Absolute fuckin head case! Proper buzzing seeing you on a mountain bike fella and shredding it ( but most of all loving it also)  you should pop over hales board and bike Park ( it's nothing mental like this but still fun) one quiet weekend,  it's only outside Chester ✌️
Could you tell me where this track is I’ve been looking for a corse for so long?
hey guys I make moutain bike vids too and skiing so go check it out! leave a like and subscribe
We’re is that track???
NEVER MUSIC OVER THE SWEET SOUND OF TIRES, DIRT, HUBS, OR BOTTOMED OUT SUSPENSION!
Cool harry 👊 love the videos keep em coming
Today im going down on my wife, as you can tell.. its pretty wet
Try and use 50%front brake and 50%back brake and let of the brakes gradually as you go around the corners.  It sounds as your skidding a lot. I guess you using the back brake a bit to much? Doing this is making you loose traction so remember 50 50
Love the MTB vids! Keep ut the great work!!
Where are you riding
Is there such thing as a helmet-cam stabilizer? During the technical sections i feel like i'm having a seizure. Would love to see some smooth footage. Otherwise crazy video as always.
Dude, get yourself a gimble. You need image stabilisation to make a good video. Well done for doing it 👍
man you got some serious balls. watching the vid and nearly pissed my pants
Life is full of moment's where you either take a risk and reap the benefits or back down and face the regret. Risk is scary and in many ways it can fuck you up, but at the end of the day it's a matter for;  will you be scared your whole life and accomplish nothing or will you get up, jump in the deep end and take some risk which can pay off big time.
You should try Cannock chase mountain bike track
11:20 if you just wanted to see the crash.
Yes lad!!!! You can't beat hitting 25ft gaps 👌👏👏 sick!
why is this on trending, I mean its cool but wtf
You should get one of them bike mounts for the back of your rover
Harry, You got some mad balls to do this...
If you like mountain bike lines like that you should come to Afan Argoed in South Wales, some of the best lines to be ridden in the UK!! Well worth the travel
You have some fucking balls you just hit every jump
7:53 such a 21 Savage type beat
You need to come down south and ride places like Windhill, Woodys and Black Mountain cycle centre. All incredible bikeparks with big, big lines.
you are way cooler now that you ride downhill
Its so cool your coming into MTBing love the vids
Love how British the commentary is XD
Where is this place
Actually saw this on havocs live feed on fb
Not really a big crash
You are a legend
I can't believe how quickly you are progressing in the sport I have been riding for 15 years and wouldn't go near that last jump! Keep doing crazy stuff man!
Cheers dude, really enjoy your videos! So cool that you are this stoked on downhill.\n\nJust a tip which will make your life a lot easier. Learn how to use the brakes, don't lock them up. I know you're a BMXer and that's why you're doing that but asap you learn how to brake without lock ups and when to lock up for a split second, you'll be 3 times faster on trails.\n\nYour jumping skills are mental by the way :O\n\nKeep up the good work, your videos are golden!
How fuck ing big are you balls tho m8
That was super sick Harry congrats
I'm sure this has been said a thousand times but,  if you're hitting those big ass jumps look into a real Downhill bike not an enduro. It's sooo much better on the impact.
You should make a trip to whistler BC next summer. Downhill mountain biking heaven.
This is so sick to watch you progress so quick, got me hooked on the channel! Way to give 'er out there and get into mountainbiking so well. One thing I notice is it sounds like you may be grabbing a lot of rear brake and not getting enough traction, try to modulate  with the front and rear as the front is much more important for actually slowing you down!
This video was great.
That jump was sick 30 to 40 feet you said your mad lol
Where’s the drift car bro
I was super into bmx in high school. Got rid of my bike when i went away to college and ive regretted it ever since. Harry Main had single handedly made me want to get back into bmx. Such an insane rider and genuinely good person. If i had the money for a new bike, id be riding every day. Keep shredding, Harry!!
Hello from across the pond!  Videos are fun AF to watch.  Keep up the stoke and keep the rubber side down!!
This well help the motocross skills too :)
Harry Main is like Ryan Taylor but not an asshole
This VIDEO is great! Honestly the best, maybe better than the BMX! THE CURSING IS HILARIOUS.
now you just need to get a full sized moto and ride mx
Hi nice video. I also upload so MTB content so feel free to watch them ;)
Your a brave but very talented guy fella.Did this when i was your age as im 48 now i have packed in MTBs but still love building & repairing them .Mate you are brave as my heart was pounding 4 ya PMSL... very impressed how you have evolved already..whats next BIKE PARK WALES give the Athertons a bell lad....BIG THUMBS UP 24-7 lad
Harry get one of those go pro mounts where it doesn't wobble as much like this so Harry can see please
Omggggggg so cool bro you re m'y favorite rider because you re thé best 🔥💪
Damn harry that last jump was sick! Think about it on your bmx!!!!
This video was so cool and exciting! It’s great to see you out of your comfort zone and progressing, awesome video harry
You gotta push yourself every day or you're never gonna get better, I'm stoked for you that you pushed yourself to do that jump
How's this 6th on trending with only 100k views when idubz gets 13 million views in 12 hours and is nowhere on trending...
Sick Harry, great progress, you are doing awesome! Nice vlog!
Your my favourite rider no doubt harry and i watch your bmx videos and a few years ago i got into mtb started watch ing crankworks, rampage, hardline and uci. I personally havent done any mtb becuase i dont have money to do it which is fine im good watching from the side lines but to the point of this is that i find it awesome that your doing downhill becuase it can be hard to find people who like vlog it but ride it at the same time and being my favourite bmxer and now doing mtb which i love to watch its just awsome dude! Keep on striding bro!
fuckin' mental man. That buzzin feeling when you land a big one and you're alive. I've shouted the same thing after landing something big for me !!!
Holy shit you're insane! That's was awesome!
Good to see a popular scouser on YouTube, is right la
I hope you're not in too much agony from that spill bruv. That was balls to wall, you straight crazy. I love how you go for everything all in one day when you're in the zone instead of putting it off until you may be mentally more okay with it. Life doesnt wait for you to be comfortable with things and neither does Harry Main!  It's super cool you're always trying new things and pushing your comfort zone, but you're not a arsehole about it and you have common sense which is good.Much love and respect bruv. Good luck and stay safe.
If they change the sign, will the old shape be known as a Parker football?
10k, no problem! Good luck on the journey to 100,000 signatures!
I can think of 99999999 things more important to petition against.
Replace the sign with an MC Escher-esque image.
It's a Parker sign. ;)
Who is going to pay to alter these signs? Taxpayers? Underfunded NHS but this is your priority?
waste of the governments money
Don't you hate it when some1 you generally like does something stupid. There are starving nurses who have to turn to food banks. We ain't got the time or the money to repaint all the road signs to be mathematical correct.
How do you calculate the Euler characteristic of a baseball that's made out of those two bits of fabric stitched together? Has it got two faces, one edge, and no vertices? Because that doesn't make two.
Let there be change :)
You have no job with a lot free time on you hand unlike you rest of us have job ...
Nothing better to do?
Let’s get this to 100k so it gets brought up in parliament!
Yup this is where i want my taxes to go.
he got his knickers in a twist for no real reason, but i will sign anyway
Isn't there a trademark issue with FIFA ?
Don't just watch the video, actually take 2 seconds to sign it, live a little, ya never know.
HE GOT THE 10,000 BUT IF WE GET HIM TO 100,000 IT WILL HAVE TO BE DEBATED IN PARLIAMENT PLEASE KEEP SIGNING
What if you had a ball that was made out of hexagons on the part facing us, with other shapes to make it spherical, but only on the half that we can't see?
I hope you are implying that only future signs are updated, and aren't advocating for current signs to be replaced to fix this pedantic error...
i have been convinced
You can cover a sphere with hexagons, if you only use 2. Yes, thats not what the signs look like, but it is still possible!
I've got news for you... The aeroplane symbol printed on the signs signifying an airport clearly has no engines meaning that they can't possibly fly!  Maybe the ball symbol should be replaced by a silhouette of a whinging millionaire with a flashy haircut and a modelling contract which would more accurately reflect the reality of the modern sport of football? ;)
The designer(s) of these signs will probably hang themselve(s) now...
Well it's like cartoon characters have only four fingers, isn't it?
signed. this is more important than poxy Brexit
I'm neither UK citizen nor UK resident, nevertheless, as a tourist, I also would appreciate seeing this symbol updated.
The football looks fine, if I’m not playing with the 2d football then I’m not bothered
You're either 5-and-a-bit months early or 6-and-a-bit months late with this one ... then it would have been a good laugh, but not as a serious proposition.\nGiven how many councils and government agencies can't follow simple rules on road signs as it is and have literally thousands of signs with glaring errors, we really have got more important things to worry about. Educating sign designers to follow current rules would be a good start, without wasting government time and effort on trivia like this.
i just dont know what to say, but someone should hang for this im certain
Why is this a petition,who cares about the shape of a football on a roadside.
That’s so sad
You are wrong about it being incorrect. In Euclidian space fine, but if this is positive curvature space it is perfectly acceptable. If your aim was to encourage knowledge of geometry I suggest you learn some.
Is this meant to be serious
This is the saddest video I have ever seen
the people responsible need to be rounded up and hung. this is unacceptable.
Who actually cares about this lol
Bet you’re fun on a night out Matt.
It would be funny to listen to Parliament discuss this without trying to laugh
If I lived in the UK, I would have signed the petition for sure
wow, where are we destined if this is how we're making our life better in some way????
This would cost money, a lot of money. And why bother anyways? It's a waste of time and again, money
Do you know how much money it would cost?
Wow, I saw that was wrong right away. How could somebody make that graphic and not realize how horrible it looks?
I find it a tad ironic that for this cause based on getting a symbol wrong, you yourself used an incorrect symbol - namely the backwards (or Ghostbusters) version of the international NO sign. The red circle-with-a-slash is actually meant to be a letter N superimposed on a letter O, with the sides of the N then curved to coincide with the O. The slash across the middle is the crossbar of the N and should therefore a backslash - (\), not (/). :)
Im all for the scientific method and accuracy... But you know you're living a cushty life when this is petition-worthy.
They probably won't change it for a minor mistake\n\nIt will cost too much
Everyone knows the euler characteristic of a sign is zero, so to not have distortion on the image that could be hard to comprehend,  this exists. It's a symbol that needs to be easily understood, rather than a distorted un tileable mess
It's called a soccer ball.
Fix that sign or leave the EU!
I see your thinking, but you’re outside Ashton Gate. Go to a real stadium and see what it’s like there
that fish got all the fins wrong. please do something about it, Brits!
They could change it to a player diving
There are real problems in the world... And then this guy wants a football/soccer sign changed.
It just a sign calm down!
Nearly 13000 signatures! That's the letter sorted!
But how do you know there are hexagons on the other side? There could be shapes that make this a valid ball.
And one day later, you've already hit 10k signatures.
And people say maths is for nerds
You're pronouncing it wrong, it's pronounced *soccerball*
It's a national embarrassment because the UK has a long tradition in sports and sciences? Well it also has a very long tradition in embarrassments in the matter of football so it fits somehow.
And in other news...Matt Parker finally has his football signs corrected after 59 years of trying. Too bad he passed in 2049.\n\nI'm kidding on the passing part...not the government moving at a pace slower than glaciation.
Lets change them from parker balls to footballs
Let's hope the government do something, else it'll be a Parker Petition
So many people saying it's a waste of taxpayers money, when in the video Matt clearly says not to replace current signs as that would cost taxpayers money, but simply to make sure any new signs to have the correct signs
Don't bother signing this petition. It's completely pointless, and if it did go through it would just cost more to replace all signs to stadiums resulting in higher taxes and lower disposable income for the average consumer.
Well, now the sign's fixed         0:58
The drug problem in Scotland, the employment issues of the North of England and poverty problem in London are not the real problems. The real problem is that a ball is the wrong on a sign.....
Classic Parker soccer ball
First world problems...
First world problems
Doing Bristol proud
Supporting it
Done
Km
First world problems lmao.
Ow sorry
Nice! Signed the petition!
Signed. 13k signatures for now :D
Wow 13, 157 already
Literally unplayable
This is sad
Who cares tho....
Signed
Igniramuses rule and pervade governments and civil service.
Brexit means Brexit
total currently at 12,799  signatures
congrats on trending!
Your so sad
Signed up
He said math balls
Shell gas station!!!!!\nBtw great video!
Hexagins
the problem is drawing a realistic football in 2d requires warping the shapes according to perspective, or else there would be gaps inbetween them. with all hexagons, it's easy to just tile them up and draw a circle around them. that is kind of a minor point, but from an illustration perspective it's a considerable step up in effort required when in this case tiling hexagons is perfectly serviceable as a symbol to represent a football.
There are too many comments to read to see if this has already been covered. But I’d suggest the current logo is the ‘best’ compromise for a representation of a soccer ball on a two dimensional surface. Until you pointed it out I was perceiving the distorted hexagons as pentagons, gawd only knows what contortions one might need utilise if you trired to use pentagons and hexagons in your logo.\nOn a related matter, is that logo for ALL football grounds-the Rugby codes inclusive? Down here in Oz I don’t have ready access to the UK Gov meterial you used.
You have to much time on your hands.
People dying of starvation and this guy makes a petition because he doesn't like the football symbol on street signs...strange world
That is not a football that is a soccer ball man you British people do not know sports do you. LOL I want a sign with an american football in Britain.
Or public money could go elsewhere... maybe somewhere a bit more important...
And who's paying for this? The tax payer. Don't we pay through the teeth already?
You are so lovely and natural in your videos its so refreshing!! I don't wear red...oh wait, i've got red on!! 😂😂😂
It's so lovely to watch your pregnancy journey. Love the pink and white t-shirt  I would totally wear that and I'm not pregnant lol
Loved this!! How long have you got now till Bump is a Baby? Bet you're excited!!!😁😁
I loved this shirt u using. I would totally wear it too 😍
Hi Georgia! Loving the videos!! 😍 I was just wondering if you could tell me where you got your big candle holder in the background please?! It’d be perfect in my living room!! 🙊😆👏🏻 xx
Would totally be racing back to primark to pick up those pj bottoms but I already did my primark haul for the month, I think my bank would hate me!
Lovely :)
I absolutely love this!!! Specially when you realised you're wearing red hahaha you're great and so lovely!!
Where is danny
😍😍😍😍😙😙😙😙 Great video
Haha, you won't want to give your maternity jeans up, I had to put mine in the bin so I'd stop wearing them... they're so comfy! Xx
Great video Georgia - I just got the same red / tan M&S jumper a few days ago - already worn it twice! 👌🏻
Most fashionable pregnant woman I've seen! 💕
Think primark and h&m do super long cami tops...primark do ones that are almost dress length, they are amazing for under shorter top
This is great to see! My bump has just started to pop out so I've been picking up a few bits of maternity wear but great to see some non maternity that will also work for bump! I've found there is a lack of maternity jumpers about so thanks for showing those especially!
i loved that you went to all different stores and not just high end shops. as mums cant afford expensive things!! i lived in my over the bump leggings. soo comfy and kept bump warm as it always felt cold 💕
No stalker Danny since the last sighting..
Lovely remember to always do 'try on' as well. We are all curious how you look wearing these ;)
I love Primark!There are always so many lovely things to buy for yourself or your home!M&S do lovely Danish pastries and cakes which I am rather partial to,have you tried them?I am loving all your vlogs!Love the top you are wearing too!
It would of been lovely if you tried the things on to show us what they look like and what you would pair them with xxx but still an amazing video ❤️❤️❤️
So glad to see Primark is in there I work for the company! Also so glad your s down to earth gal that always go for designer!! Well done Georgia on such a fabulous video , loving your bump xx
Is Mulder going to hit Scully in this one or nah?
♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n*This Is True Love!!!  (Just ask Him)*
The Alien at the and is like Dude, what the fuck?
2:04 nice! I love the flashback scenes.
So fucking excited for this!
Didn't these traitors kneel? I grew up during X-Files...but Kneeling ruined it all! Will not watch.
Cigarette Smoking man turns out to be an alien in disguise who's been observing human activity!
This trailer looks better than all of the 10th season.
Does anyone know the link to this exact song cover?? Sounds like Corvyx but its not it...
Someone needs to get cigarette man a vape cigarette.
For those saying that Gillian is quitting after this season I did read that is not 100 hundred def if they decide to make and have a 12th season be the final one for sure and since the season will end on a cliffhanger it's still most likely to have a 12th season even without her as they did when David left for the original final season. Maybe they could bring back Doggett and Reyes or something but if there will be another season without Gillian it won't be as good of course but I just want it to actually finish with more closure than season 9 had
Cigarette Smoking Man is my favorite Character... I miss The Syndicate. The depopulation agenda never fails! 👌🏻😁
This isn't my X-Files.
ayy lmao's :D good i like / Excited for new episodes <3
i'm so excited to have this show back on
She gets hotter with age. Was my FHM UK pin up in the 90s when I was 17 & if my wife would allow me to have pin ups now, she would be now I'm 38. I never saw the last mini season & I thought the last movie was crap. This looks promising. I thought the way they finished the original was just right, but what a way to add to this new golden age of TV by putting in one of the shows that started epic episodic TV storytelling.
i hope the kill scully off
The end is near.
Wait a miniute mulder and scully' boy is allien???!!!
How is the smoking man still alive? He should've died from lung cancer decades ago.
Pause at 2:08\nOh... my... God.
Finally going back to orginial movie, the aliens are coming
I can’t wait! 👽
Oh, everyone is so old now... Only Scully is eternal beauty:)
well this was an nice surprise.
Holy s***! THIS! LOOKS! A.W.E.S.O.M.E.!!!!
Finally! I new it that will be next season. Can't wait.
Does Scully still not believe shit Mulder tells here like in the earlier series?
They Where Kneeling With The NFL So No More X-Files For Me and They Where On Jimmy  Cunt Kimmel
I'm watching this on the bus and looking like a crazy person because I'm just fangirling WAY too hard 😂😭😭
I really hate the alien invasion crap, so I hope there will be some good monster of the week episodes. I love when they just investigate paranormal stuff.
I've been watching the original X-FILES SINCE 1993-2002. AND in the recent episodes over a year ago. I always loved the X-FILES. This new series should be awesome.
https://youtu.be/c1_4SNLT2sk  Não sei se isso te interessa  Você se lembra deste video ?😊
I'M SO EXCITED
Oh my god thank you so much
Is that scene with the laughing statues shot in Vancouver? I remember that art peice, just don't recall which city it is, though I'm sure I've walked passed it several times.
i was 2 young for dis show b4 now i will watch it
I would allow Gillian Anderson to touch me once and only once
tbh that trailer got me wet lol i was patiently waiting for season 11 and now that it is confirmed i am currently flooding my house
Simply go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You're going to get the only real working method fully FREE for the game.
Cancer man has to be a alien. How is he still alive???
If william b.davis is in it... things gonna gı crazy bitches
Jesus is coming back real soon. Jesus Loves U and he wants U to have a deep relationship with him and truly follow him. Following Jesus is the only way to make it to Heaven. Accept Jesus as your Lord and Saviour and give him your heart and soul. Jesus is the son of God who created us all, he is our Lord and Saviour. Jesus is God, he is one with the Father. (John 10:30) God sent Jesus to the Earth to die for our sins to be washed away so we could make it to Heaven. The Bible tells us that if we believe in Jesus we will be saved but there are other things Jesus told us we have to do to be saved. We have to do his will. \nHere are the things we have to do to be saved and make it to Heaven. I'm gonna list the Bible scriptures for everything and U can read the scriptures yourself and do your own research.\n1. We have to believe that Jesus is is the son of God and that he is our Lord and Saviour. (John 3:16)\n2. We have to accept him as our Lord and Saviour and believe that God raised him from the dead. (Romans 10:9)\n3. Repent from all our sins. (2 Chronicles 7:14)\n4. Be baptized in the name of Jesus. (Acts 2:38)\n5. We have to have a deep relationship with him and pray to him and talk to him everyday. The only way to the Father is thru him. (John 14:6)\n6. Read the Bible and learn the word of God. (Joshua 1:8)\n7. Fast and pray. (Joel 2:12)\n8. Speak the word of God to the ppl of the world. (Mark 16:15)\n9. Do the Lord's will until we die. (Matthew 24:13)\nOn Judgement day when we go before Jesus there will be many ppl who have prayed to Jesus and even done things in his name and Jesus will say to them depart from me I never knew U and they will go to Hell. This is why We have to have a deep relationship with Jesus and try to do everything he told us to do cause thats the only way we will make it to Heaven. (Matthew 7:20-23). We all fall short of the Glory of God and we are all sinners. (Romans 3:23) This is why Jesus came and died for our sins to be washed away so we could make it to Heaven. (Peter 3:18) Without Jesus we are doomed to Hell. (John 3:36) When we disobey God and sin, God curses us. (Galatians 3:10) God punishes us and puts curses on us to make us obedient to him cause he Loves us and wants us to do right. (Hebrews 12:6) Jesus sets us free from curses when we truly follow him. (Romans 8:2) Quit following everything else in the world like the Government, religion, schools, science, TV, movies, radio, and everything else. (Colossians 2:8) That is all ran by the Devil and his worshippers, the Illuminati. They lie to U and deceive U. Them and the fallen Angels who got kicked out of Heaven with Satan are trying to lead U to Hell. (Ephesians 6:12) \nPut God 1st in your life. Never put anyone or anything before God, not your family friends job money or anything. (Matthew 6:33) If U Love Jesus then U hate evil. (Proverbs 8:13) Repent from all your sins. Pray to Jesus everyday. Pray to him for everything U need. (John 15:7) Pray to him and ask for forgiveness of your sins, thank him for everything. (Philippians 4:6)  Pray to him to heal U, give U peace, joy, strength, courage, protection, wisdom, knowledge, understanding, patience, direction, guidance, and for him to show U the truth. (Jeremiah 33:3) Do the Lord's will and he will answer your prayers.  (John 9:31) God gives us visions and he talks to us in dreams and shows us things. (Acts 2:17) When U die U will go before Jesus and he will judge U and either let U into Heaven or send U to Hell based on if U did his will. Those who don't do the Lord's will they will be sent to Hell. (Revelation 20:15) Hell is place where ppl will be punished and burn for eternity (Matthew 25:46) Heaven is a place that God has for the ppl who truly Love him. It is eternal paradise where U will be wit Jesus, the Angels, all the animals, and God's ppl forever. God says there will be no more death, we will have eternal life. We will not feel sorrow, we will not cry, and there will be no more pain. (Revelation 21:4) God says that we can't even imagine how amazing Heaven will be. (1 Corinthians 2:9) In Heaven we live forever, rejoice and be joyful forever. (Revelations 22:1-5)
I'm hoping they got their act together for season 11 because season 10 was wretched. Please tell me they've taken Chris Carter's typewriter away from him. Also with such short seasons, they should have focused on mytharc episodes instead of monster-of-the-week, unless written by Darin Morgan or Vince Gilligan.
0:36 Oh hey it's Ronnie
Oh no, not again...
Why not make it a regular series???!!! 🇺🇸😇
Wow Murder and Scurvy are back together yayy! Thats what i called em when i watched it as a kid 🙄😂😂
just end it once and for all. please, let this show go out with a bang. i beg you not to ruin the legacy it has created
Move To The google search And then Type: *FreeCodesXXX* Now this happens to be the purely working FIFA 14 coins working from this month. Dont waste your entire precious time on other software
Who is the actor//character at 1:10 ? He rings a bell, did he appear before ?
Was that a lone gunmen? They died! Stop bring dead characters  back. They had a good ending. It's bad enoigh they brung back smoking man.
Can you have Mulder say muthafuhkaa, just once? That's all I ask.
I didn't understood season 10.\nSeason 11 should explain what happened after the end of season 9.\nLike the end of season 9 the Aliens invaded Earth and Mulder and Scully were in an Apocalypse.\nBut in season 10 everything was normal and Scully has William.\nAnd William seemed to be a normal boy.\nAnd Scully was surprised to see a UFO.\nAnd the Cancer man is still alive after getting blown up in season 9?
Sad that this might be the last season, but it maybe for the best.
By now we've all probably heard that GA is thinking of quitting after this season and yet while I've been with X files since the very very beginning a huge huge fan. I say this with no disrespect at all but I think she has never really been that keen on it all ( Please don't hate )\n\n Take Supernatural for example heading into season 13 Jensen and Jarred both love it and with GA I dunno feel like that she dosent really like it all that much.  \nShe dosent have the passion for it beacuse if she respected the show and fans she would continue an not bitch about things like this now and in the past. \n\nYes playing a character for years could get old but my point is if she did love the show one would think she would give any chance to come back again an not keep saying she wants to quit.  \nAgain back to  Supernatural both of them guy's have said many times they want more and more and you can literally tell the love what they do and there huge fan base where as for GA it seems shes not that thrilled about the whole thing. \n\nPlease don't hate me on this only saying and I mean no disrespect thank you
Jesus said So it will be at the end of the age,the angels will come forth and take out the wicked from among the righteous, and will throw them into the furnace of fire, in that place there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth. Matthew 13:49-50. Jesus also said You are my friends if you do what I command you. John 15:14. Jesus taught that the only way to be saved is to choose him as your Lord and Master, repent and believe that he died for the sins of his people on the cross see John 14:6.
holy fuckin noodle cakes !!  I've never been this much pumped for any tv show then this upcoming season !!!!   this trailer is lit !
YYYEEESSSSSS!!!!! It’s about time, and this time they will be airing more than 6 episodes. It’s Time!!!
If CGB asked me to betray the world, I think I'd do it. He is one of favorite character, second only to Mulder-- Necessary evils are necessary.
too bad gillian is quitting the show after next season
Even if they have to kill 5 billion people to realise their goal the new world order will follow through with the planned extermination of mass amounts of the peoples of the world
Please stop!! It's over. When it was great it was fun. Move on. Peace.
I've already gone back to watch the first 9 seasons before this new one comes out
I think that the scene where mulder is standing looking sadly and backwards the strange statues is the last scene! Just like the first trailer of 10th season, scully watching the light!  Oh my god, if what I think is true, maybe we could have an another season and i hope Scully will be there!
Отлично! Хорошая новость!
For the Noobs who know nothing about Xfiles: \n1)  C.G.B. Spender (The cigarette smoking man) is Agent Moulders father.\n2) The guy at the end of the trailer is Jeffery Spender, Agent Moulders half brother.\nOn a macro scale, the show is ultimately a family drama.
Oh shittttttttttttttttt
Can’t wait.
I am ready.
ZAWWMBIE! ZAWWWMBIE! ZAWWWMBIE! EH EH EH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH....
F Yeah!!!
I am so exited!!!
Whoooooooo finally been waiting for ever...😮
YUUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!
Just stop...
YES YES YES YES and more YESSSSSSS!!!
Oh...my...holy...cigarette smoking man!!!!!
Yes!
Ooooooooooh shiiiiiitttt I just got goosebumps
Hank Moody. Californication > X files.
Yaaaaas
Can’t wait
On season one 😂
Goosebumps
Trust no one
fox=666
OMG!! YES!!!!
Thumbs up even though it looks crap.
Scully looks so hot
📁                📁\n   📂         📂\n       📁  📁\n           📂\n       📁  📁\n   📂         📂\n📁                📁
Hellllll yesssss
I am moist.
HYPE! IM GONNA BURST FROM HYPE!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlYXZK5Gpyg\nworld chellenging video\nPLEASE WATCH & SHARE .......
Omg i cannot fucking wait
Eleumineti confurmd
where is Crycek??
Cash Grab season 11
They put everything in these shows and movies to show you exactly what they are going to do. Trust God! Call on him and today tomorrow is not promised. BELIEVE on the Lord  the he died and was buried for our sins and rose 3 days later. 1 Corinthians 15:3-4
Who's working on Halloween treats? Links from this episode below! 👇\n\nNEW pumpkin spice buttercream recipe — http://craftsy.me/2i09HRC\n\nSpice cake recipe —http://craftsy.me/2xuwzei\n\nEPISODE BONUS: Halloween treats & baking inspiration —http://craftsy.me/2fXIvPm\n\nDownload the spider template —http://craftsy.me/2gpREkm\n\nExtruder — http://craftsy.me/2ybzcW6\n\nFreeze spray -- https://shop.chefrubber.com/item/703003S/Magic-Freeze-Spray/\n\nEPISODE ROUNDUP: everything from this episode — http://craftsy.me/2yCIGL6\n\nMORE CREEPY CAKE INSPIRATION\nSee me sculpt a chocolate skull —https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gpXb...\n\nCheck out my zombie-fied wedding cake — https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NObiU...
NO THAT SPIDER BETTER NOT EXIST NOPE NOPE NOPE
Thanks so much!!! You guys are so much fun !! 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻 can you pls let me know the name of the spray you used to seal the spider?? \nCan't wait for more tips & tricks!!! 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Your shirt should have a cake with a huge knife/sword going through it with Raspberry jam oozing out of it
This video was really funny, I loved watching it : )
that spider is SO CUUUTE!! 😭
You should do a collab with Nerdy Nummies!!!
The singing seriously made my night!!
I think this is my favorite episode yet
Wow that is a beautiful cake!
if i made that, NOBODY is coming near it. It shall stay on display forever.
My best Halloween costume was when I was a Klingon. San Francisco's Castro district does up Halloween right. The crowds are crazy. Being a Klingon, you can literally push people out of the way, growl at them, and be really mean. They love it thinking it's all part of the costume.
Im living for all the spice girls references XD
He obviously doesn’t know the rules of road trips. One of the most critical rules is that when Wannabe by the Spice Girls comes on you are absolutely required to sing along. No exceptions.
I love your whole team!!!! The SG references had me dying😂😂😂
There's 5 Spice Girls! 😭💔
This years costume will be the best it's oogie boogie girl version! both of my daughters are dressing up as well one will be the girl version of Jack and one will be Sally.
Ahahaha I laughed so much and now I am tired... But I need to do my homework... Ughh thanks JJ and Brandon for making me use all of my carbs for laughing🙄🙄🙄🙄\n\nI LOOOVEEE THE CAKEEEE! can't wait for nest Wednesday cake!!!
I didn't know it was possible to be  attracted to invisible voices in the background of a video before... But after hearing the boys sing spice girls hits I can confirm that it is.
To aid those affected by the fires in Northern California! Any donations help! \nhttps://www.gofundme.com/4k5n9p4?pc=sms_co_cardshare_a&rcid=46dea9aefed64020ad44c509d9191aa8
It has been about 15-20 minutes since I watched this video and Wannabe keeps popping up in my head, lol!!
My best Halloween costume was Ursula from the lil mermaid.  I do all my own makeup and win first prize at my job :)
Best costume by far I ever did was porcelain doll
I love the banter/singing between all the guys and JJR is ADORABLE 😁😁
This is definitely my most favorite cake design that you've done. It wasn't until the end that I realized that you were emulating a spider web with the royal icing. I always enjoy your videos but this one was especially fun because of how enthusiastic your production crew is. When everyone started spouting Spice Girls lyrics I couldn't stop giggling. You guys genuinely enjoy what you do and the people that you work with, this comes across in every video drawing me in every time. NEVER CHANGE!
No lie... I was really hesitant about watching this just cuz of the spider lol but I got over it, a little bit.
Omg your crew and the spice girls shit! Bahahaha love it.
This has GOT to be one of my favorite episodes of Man About Cake. The team taking over the show with Spice Girls? Joshua struggling with a POWER DRILL and EXTRUDER?? THE FACES HE MAKES WHILE DOING SO??? AND ON TOP OF ALL THAT, ITS A HALLOWEEN CAKE! Seriously, best thing ever, I don't think I'll ever get over this episode :D
You get a thumbs up and comment simply cuz the singing and spice girls references. It made me smile :D
subscribed for the spice girls singing in the background.
I just started watching ur videos yesterday and I think I have watched every single video of urs ...ur AMAZING.... new sub
Best. Episode. Ever. We need a crew takeover, complete with musical numbers, stat!
honestly hate spiders but love this spider cake
Want to make up to $2K+  in less than 2 weeks? You're welcome to message me but you don't have to ask for info. Click here to get started now 👉👉👉👉👉 .  www.liveabetterlyfe.com
My favorite part was when they were singing spice girls! #SpiceUpYourLife 😂😂😂😂
Anybody else majorly impressed with with the camera crew's knowledge of Spice Girls?
Can we have an episode where all of the guys on the crew make individual tiny cakes?
He just placed the paste on the head and body circles and I'm already feeling ghost spiders all over me and shivering. This is going great.
This is probably my favorite cake JJR has done so far. Also, bonus love for the struggle and the crew singing Spice Girls xD
 If you guys have arachnophobia I'm sorry.  Well thanks for the warning!
Looks like a crab.   Hey!  It's a gay puss cake with crabs!   Whoooo woulda thought?
By far my favorite episode..... because of spice girls. Sorry JJR! lmao
0:55 I'm scared of anything that lands on my face, how 'bout that?\nSo I guess no money-shots then, huh?
I wish we could see them ! Lmao they are hilarious
What a classy Halloween cake, Joshua! 👍 Love your original take on different themes and holidays! By the way, was Cake Slayer on your tee-shirt a reference to Buffy? 😜😂
This was the best video ever!
Seeing the perfect JJR unable to do something is a mark in history
I love the background commentary lol!!
The first Tuesday was not a Halloween cake.  I'm just saying.
Your drill-powered fondant extruder reminds me of this comedian and his\n TV series: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBNPAJLhKZ4
This was one of your funniest vids.
There's no reason to be embarrassed by the boys! Their singing was hysterical! So were their references!!!
I would love to see your take on a Phantom of the Opera cake Or a Doctor Who cake.  Adore your cakes and creative process. <3
Can I request that they sing some New Kids on the Block for you next time?  Keep Hangin' Tough JJR!
Another beautiful cake.... that spider is wicked! I was a spider queen/grimm reaper a few years ago.., was really cool. Or so I thought lol.  #spicegirlsforever
I hate spiders...but I absolutely love this freaking gorgeous and very appetizing looking masterpiece 😍
One of my favorite episodes, the Spice Girls singing had me in tears, the gold-shaming was hilarious.\nMy best costume was actually more of a cosplay of Captain America a couple years back. I would love a Captain America inspired cake!!
I've never had a halloween costume, because we've only started doing halloween in Australia in the last couple years.\n\nBut this year I'm dressing up as the Big Bad Wolf dressing up as Grandma.  I've got the pointed ears and black nose sorted, a nightie, gold-rim glasses.... and I already have a belly big enough ;)
Ah... Halloween, the holiday of the gays 😊☺☺☺☺☺😊 i love Halloween (and cakes)
Loved the cake and the singing. Best costume, my sister,friend and I went as a baseball glove, bat and ball.
We're not going to include Halloween. Halloween is one of the most popular holidays. Probably 2nd to Christmas. Better in my opinion but still. Why would they not include it!?
I absolutely LOVE how there are all men in his kitchen.
I have never wanted to see the crew more in my life! 😅 but get it together, Brandon, there are 5 Spice Girls! 😅😅
More singing!!!, from “the voices”. Lol
What's happening with your nose?  Did you hurt yourself?
I NEED MORE OF THE TEAM SINGING SPICE GIRLS! BONUS VIDEO IDEA!
My 3rd wedding anniversary is coming up this October 31st!  I wish I could have one of your gorgeous cakes to celebrate. :-)
Best video thus far simply bc of spice girls! #bestcrewever
Don't like spiders, but those spice girl references..... A+
I am a little sad you didn’t sing with them.
They were doing a good job singing LoL
Who ever disliked this thinks that the dislike button means dis I like.\nAwesome cake too
Absolutely loved the Spice Girls references and the guys singing.  I could not stop laughing.
.... best part ... your laughing.. love itttt ..( and the singing boys 😂😂😂)... when you said create a cake and post it  is just a drawing or literally made the cake. i would like to post one... beautiful job as always 😘😘
I love this show but the one thing that creeps me out is when you cut such a tiny piece of the cake in the end... cake is orgasmic, has to be eaten with pleasure. #SplurgeThisCakeMan. Luv you guys!
*Finishing the song* If you wanna be my lover...you have got to give....taking is too easy but thats the way it is🤣
My best Halloween costume was when I dressed as King Tut's gold sarcophagus....including gold body paint, and a sceptre made from a child's golf club.
From 9:56-10:00 it looks like a skeleton hand grabbing the cake...really cool!
Them trying to annoy you is lyf 😂
I was a ugly troll doll and had to wear hi-viz yellow
https://youtu.be/c1_4SNLT2sk.                                              Não sei se te entereça  Voce se lembra desse video ?😊
Keep singing!!!😁👍😂
OMG,  I love your crew.  Great humor,  hilarious🤣
No. Just no.
BEST. CREW. E.V.E.R.!!!
I love your shirt
Can't we
JJR gets gold shamed, Yolanda gets ivory shamed, this collab needs to happen!!!!!!! #manabouthowtocakeit
This is stunning!
Posh meets Scary in this filigree version of Pholcidae\n#CakeSlayer #urbanWildlife
More singing!!! Lol 😂
.....more singing!!!!!!
lol i love man about cake crew lol adorkable peeps
SPICE UP YOUR LIFE! :D
Comedy Cake Channel - Awesome!
Vc é incrível.  Obrigado.
sponsored by Spice Girls
What do the bubble tea straws do?
Best crew ever
Awweee I love those guys!
Please review Echo Plus once it is out.
Great review and in my budget
I just ordered one!    Thanks........
Can I use it to turn off lights?
I loose my phone all the time and I need thissss
Well, that was irritating. Every time you told Google to do something, my Google Home on my desk heard you and responded in kind -- including hijacking the TV from my wife to play the selected video. She was not nearly as impressed.
Wait wait. Weather in Kearney?  You in Nebraska?
HA that troll face for the Essential Phone video 😂
I still don't understand why someone would buy this , it's same as your Google assistant on your smartphone
I can't help but love that smug look when she played your video. You've earned it bad boy.
Where do you get those android minifigures?
How does this thing connect to your phone?\nWith wifi or bluetooth?
This guy seems so chill ☺
That smug ass face when it played his video.
Google can I get a blow job?
.... definitely should've muted my Google home before I watched this video 🙃
Who else thought Google was selling a home for $49? I thought it was a real house for $49 😂😂
Good review! Do you know anything about Google's plans to release Google Assistant in more languages? As Swedish for example ... 😉
Waiting for Huawei Mate 10 with that brand new Kirin 970 NPU!
All that my Android phone can do..
I'm convinced. I want a different voice and the ability to shift the command prompt to something else besides hey google. That's an amazing price for it's functionality. Thanks for the review.
Google Home Max? Is there really a max I haven't' heard about it and can't find anything on the web. Anyone care to share some info with me? Or maybe I heard Marques incorrectly
Off course they have to make it cheaper, not enough people were equipping their homes with big brothers listening boxes. You watch soon the will be free.
would any person be kind enough to tell me if the LG V30  has released in Canada? He hasn't made a video on it yet, (besides pre-release) so I don't know....
Let's face it, you really shouldn't listen to music on either of those devices. Crap.
What is the difference between USB-C and Micro-USB, other than the fact that USB-C can be plugged in right side up or upside down? Who cares which plug it uses?
Marques from where can i buy those small beautiful grass, plants and white pots?
Can you show your us your music playlist
Great review - mediocre product. When will Google come up with something that is innovative by its own standard & isn't a response to Amazon or Apple?
and it calls my phone.... ugh!
Hey google, Play highway to hell 🌚
Thank you so much for this review. I wasn't sure if I wanted this, but your detailed review swayed me to go in. Appreciate the info!
oh my gosh, everytime you said hey Google in this this video Google assistant launched on my phone
Sooooo you need a TV show.
Hey Google, how old is Pharrell William
My Google home changed the video, because of this video
Doesn’t the mini have to be plugged in at all times?
Still not thrilled about having a 'listening device' in my living room - which encodes and sends every conversation it hears to a $Billion multi-national advertising corporation who will happily pass any data gleaned along to anyone willing to pay for it - not to mention to the thought police in the UK and US government.
Lol i got an ad for the google home mini😂
MKBHD- show me essential phone videos.\nMy Google home - ok, playing sexual fun videos on the tv.....
Did it list Kearney as your weather home?  Kearney in which state?
Boiii! That lg tv is real
So excited to get one for free with my Pixel XL 2!
I hadn't considered Google home until this price drop. Still not sure I'd really use it. But $50 might be worth trying it.
Nice review, might buy it😐
Which band are you wearing on your left wrist ?
Google home is $109.99 at the Google Store + tax
The sound's travel good in the ambient or have a little bad hearing?
Google can't even properly manage Youtube, why would you let them manage your home?
I was watching your YouTube gear videos and was disappointed not to see a good recommended laptop for YouTube. I would love to see this as I believe many others would to.
Would bluetooth speakers work with it?
So obviously Google Home Mini pairs with an app. Is that a specific app or is it paired through Google Drive or something? (I'm an Apple Person so I have no clue).
Thanks for not wasting more of our time with your short 2 second intro after google ad, much appreciated. Your review, content and directing is superb :)
I'm not liking because your black
This video triggered my Google Home XD
that smile when the essential video comes up lol
the cinematography is top notch crispy
the only thing i hate about google home is having to say ok google. i just hate it. it just feels so robotic and feels like a command rather than having an assistant or talking to a person. They should have just let us say google instead of hey google or ok google. or give it a new name like amazon did for alexa or apple for siri or Microsoft for cortana.
in the future can you omit the hey google portion of your voice commands?  it is unwatchable for some one who owns one.
Protip: Don't play this near a Google Home if you have a similar voice to Marques!
Can I have it turn my TV on and off? It has a chromecast in it so if it could somehow sen that HDMI turn on signal that I know my TV is capable of that would be how, not through IR.
Google home max review, when available, please
what about the Echo?
This mothafucka is one of the Best Tech Reviewers I have ever ran across...Great job! All those other Nerds are, well, typical Nerds who can't fuckin speak at all...
This question thingy reading Wikipedia out loud is getting kind of old.
this makes​ me feel like tony stark
Does it really matter that the Google Home Mini uses Micro USB and not USB C?  Why should that matter?
Which one should i get if i have apple products but i don't want to break the budget? Google Home mini, echo or apple homepod?
Anyone know what kind of couch that is in the video when he asks Google to find the phone?
I wouldn't get one even if Google paid me monthly to have one lol.
Things that suck about these is it’s gotta be pretty quiet around like you had it in the video but what if a video is playing you can’t talk to google like at all. Kinda pointless
Do not need an always on internet connected microphone sending all its data to the least privacy sensitive company on the planet, thanks.
What's the point of these things? Just ask questions? Can it do something else?
I had no idea the MKBHD theme song was an actual full rap song
So you can ask whatever you want and it will answer it ? and you only need this 49 dollar donut ? i mean thats it ? ? ?
After the smart cams now they're putting microphones in our homes. You're being watched.
Hey Google...\nHey Google...\nHey Google...\nHey Google...\nHey Google...\nHey Google...\nThis is worse than South Park!
That smirk when it played your video. Dude if I wasn’t already subscribed I would have after seen that 👏🏾
I'm wondering what song he was playing: Realize by Ryan Leslie ? :P
I wont buy it because you cant change the hotword (ok/hey google is terrible to use) and you need to turn on web history, disgusting. I will buy an Echo Dot.
I'd buy it
I still don't understand why I need something like the Home Mini or the Echo Dot. I don't feel like it will make my life easier in someway.
Like to see how the broadcast feature works
I want one now
God bless you for getting so far
“Hey Google, remind me to buy an Amazon Echo and to throw out the Google Home piece of junk”
Noooo You cant tease me with that unreleased AllttA track. I hate you! (I still love you)
Cool stuff
Convinced. Ordered. 😊
No 3.5mm audio port?!!! Seriously!!!
Why would anyone give your videos thumbs down?!?!?!? HATERS!!!
Review Bragi Dash Pro please!
Marques is into 20syl !?!?!
I want
Thanks for triggering my Google Home. >.<
Thanks found my phone
Useless...
BOTNET!
One word: useless
Delete your channel.
Is it me or does that sloth look like a yeti with a pandas face 😂😂
❤️❤️ Alfie is such a great boyfriend!
Please say Nala is on the borrow my dog site!! She's so chilled out!! 😘🐕
Zoe’s fingers in the thumbnail ?¿ 😂😂
Roses are red\nViolets are blue\nI like my own comment\nBecause no one will do 😟
400 comments, 2K likes and 300 views ? 😂
Has daddy sugg been to the new house yet??
Its 3am in Australia and i cant sleep, never been happier for an upload 💛💛💛
Alfie you need to learn to play an instrument. It is so fun!! Xxxxx
We love your different topics and perspectives you offer on life and just in general! We hope we're able to grow and bring positive impact to many people in the near future ❤️❤️🙏🏽👫
YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST YOU MAKE MY DAY SO MUCH BETTER ❤️ YOU BOTH
LBW squad !!!!!!!!!!!!!❤️
Nala is adorable
LBW 💘💘
Nala at the beginning😂😍❤
LBW squad also been refreshing my feed for so long😂
Lbw! xox
Alfie your Volgs cheer me up when ever I'm feeling down
i love u soon much you too xxxxxx
I am part of the lbw squad
Alfie shoutout i get notified as soon as i get home from school love ur vlogs
I never need the notifications for your uploads I know x
When you’re late bc ur eating dinner🙃😑🤦‍♀️
The best time of my day
Just imagine when zalfie will have children....just imagine *i can't wait*
You are probably not going to read this but you are my favourite YouTuber and I am coming to helloworld
Love you and your channel!! LBW squad 4ever
Early \nI watch you every day because I love you so so much also turned on notifications please give me a shoutout
I have been watching ur videos for over 3 years now and all I want is a shout out and to meet u, notifications on 🤞
you can never be late when you put your notification on 😉
New video!! I love the bed sheets!
I love you Soooooooooooooooooooo much I have notifications on and I have been watching you for a year love you Alfie p.s If you are reading this THANKS LOVE YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
I love your videos so much♥️I have all your channel post notifications on! You make me smile each day♥️love you loads✨✨♥️♥️
Early birds where you at🙌🏻❤️
37 views and 1k likes ❤ wow that's what I'm talking about.
been refreshing my feed for ages,,lovin the vlogs alfie! keep up the great work😇
LBW!!! Love both of your videos thank you for brightening everyday :)
These vlogs make my days so much better! <3
LBW motivation for the day😍
yes I'm able to watch today actuly on time yes buddy cant wait
Omg is it the FSU I’m thinking of?!
Love your videos  watch them everyday twice ❤️❤️ please can I have a shoutout 🌎🌎💗💗🔐🔐
any other Indonesians in the LBW squadd? x)
I love the pink sweater in the thumbnail! 😍💓
Also ik I’m not that early xx
Lbw can I have a shout you such an inspiration
Love from South Africa ❤️
LBW!!! This part of the day is always the best ❤️
Loving it so far
Lbw squad 👍
I’m 11
LBW SQUAD!!!! SUCH GOOD CONTENT
Watched it😂😭💭
Lbw squad ?? 😂😂💙
LBW
Early yay
LBW always 💖✨
LBW Squadd!!
Nala is flipping cute😍
LBW 💗💗
Lbw squad 😂❤️
Lbw !! Love your vlogs x
Yey
I Liked before watching  lyyyyy ❤️❤️❤️
LBW squad!!
I love you soooooo much Alfie!! LBWWWWW
love it
Loving the vlogs ❤❤🙌🏻🙌🏻💗💗
I'm here
he-ayyyyyyyyyy
LBW where you at peeps!? 😉
LBW LBW LBW LBW LBW forever! ❤️
Pls follow me Shann04xo insta lyl
LBW
Liked before watching. Who else? :)
28th viewer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg I'm early 30 views
415th comment
LBW SQUAD
❤️❤️
Lbw squad ✨
Lbw ❤️❤️
LBW SQUAD XXXXX
LBW Squad!
aw Naa is soo cute ...
Lbw squad❤️
LBW SQUADDDDDDS!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
LBW Squad 🤙💁
WOW 2 mins im early \n**clicks on vid**\n\n\n\nOw 1k likes🙄🤔\n😂😂love u alf
Who wants another zalfie Sims??
LBW
LBW squad, where you at??💛💛
At school today I said your my hero if I'm having a bad day I watch your videos I love you so much I want to meet you please write back
You should always keep your tank full. That is a good habit to have.
My dog is cuter than nala
Can I have a post shout out I have been subscribed since 1 million subs
LBW SQUAD I  love you Alfie I'm going to comment every day until you notice me
How do times go so fast!!! I remember sitting infront of the fire playing board games.. now I’m watching pointlessblog... LBW 💜💜💜💜
Can I have some merch please Insta @farhaan3103 and twitter @farhaan2264
LBW squad
I wonder how long it took to cover him and the room in post-its
sick visuals
Am here because i thiught it said anime xD
*That's 💘my💘 baby* 💋
nah as if he gets a spice girl
What did I just watch??
0:38 repeat it again & again, then thanks me later :v
I'm a 30 year old woman. I look like a preschool teacher. The first 3 radio presets in my car are all NPR stations. \n\nAnd Amine makes me want to join a street team to hype his music because the world needs to know
What song is that at the end?
Pause but i like this guy😂😂😂 too funny
Anyone else read the subtitles in Issa's voice? 🖕🏾🤣😂😹
Who's that pornstar at the end
FUCK YEA!!\nLYRICS:\nAh, yeah-yeah\nAh, woah\nAh, woah\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a...\n\nSpice Girl, freaky lil mama\nSaid she on a diet so she only eat bananas\nAlways in your prime, other women don't align\nAnd when I'm off work then you know it's bed time\nSo let's go (hey), let's hit the I-5\nGet away from B.S., don't waste no down time (hey)\nI don't ever like 'em boujee, that's the type that wanna sue me\nAnd when we get together, hit it like fever forever\n\nI wanna know, is this real or fake?\nDo I have a chance or am I pavin' ways?\nI'm tryna find a reason not to say your name\nLike you, there's no look-a-like\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a...\n\nBritish girl (hey), got a show in London\nWon't you come around? Put you on the list, it's nothin'\nSay you gotta work 'cause you're studyin' for Masters\nYeah, these women fine but only on the camera (ooh)\nThey deceivin', super thievin'\nThey fitness come and go like when they weave in\nI never listen to the schemin' type\nI want the Sporty, Scary, Ginger spice\n\nI wanna know, is this real or fake?\nDo I have a chance or am I pavin' ways?\nI'm tryna find a reason not to say your name\nLike you, there's no look-a-like\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a...\n\nMy girl's a Spice Girl\nHer world is my world\nAnd most of all she's fine to me\nAnd aligned with the infatuation I feel\nI need a Spice Girl
He’s so attractive I guess my type is weird lmao
baba back at it
Please Upload the Blinds and also The Veggies. Your songs are Lit, Amiñe 🔥 You're one of the best rn. 💯✔
HOW LONG.....HOW LONG DID IT TAKE TO PUT ALLLLL THOSE STICKY NOTES
Aminé is such a damn clown but he's rockin
This nigga was at my school...TJ
u're so funny bro, handle it
this song makes me wanna eat cereal on a plate
I see you, Issa Rae. This song is another hit.
🔥Best song on the album
That  STFU  M/V preview  that end tho I'm excited!!!!
I hope this gets to 200M views 😊😍🙌😻 DOPE!!!!!!!!
he alwaysss coming thru with that different dope shit, pure genius. fuck w/ him and his videos tough.
Why is this weird, but go hard at the exact same time😂🔥
LMAO I LOVE JONATHAN AND YOSIEF IN THIS MUSIC VID
God he's gorgeous 😍 content poppin as usual...
What’s the song at the end?
I thought he was a group
i mad a song featuring him he cool asf i just uploaded it
What's the song towards the end of the video?
The spice is right.
ZIGGY ZIGGY I FUCK UP MY WHOLE WORLD
U mean a girl who wears old spice?
I like how he remembers his friends and throws them in the videos. No fake shit right there!
I'm here for Issa and Mel B!!!
DAMN I LOVE YOUR MUSIC!!!
Yall acting like this song is new. He put this out with his album smh.
This music video could have been so much better
here before a million!
i love the way he designs his videos
I’ve been sleeping on this song 🔥🔥🔥🔥❄️
yo you guys should check out y music! im an upcoming artist and i promise i don't disappoint! just give it a listen and share if you like it! https://soundcloud.com/spadecaspa/tracks
This song has too much SPICE!!!
Ah, yeah-yeah\nAh, woah\nAh, woah\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a\n\nSpice Girl, freaky lil mama\nSaid she on a diet so she only eat bananas\nAlways in your prime, other women don't align\nAnd when I'm off work then you know it's bed time\nSo let's go (hey), let's hit the I-5\nGet away from B.S., don't waste no down time (hey)\nI don't ever like 'em boujee, that's the type that wanna sue me\nAnd when we get together, hit it like fever forever\n\nI wanna know, is this real or fake?\nDo I have a chance or am I pavin' ways?\nI'm tryna find a reason not to say your name\nLike you, there's no look-a-like\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a\n\nBritish girl (hey), got a show in London\nWon't you come around? Put you on the list, it's nothin'\nSay you gotta work 'cause you're studyin' for Masters\nYeah, these women fine but only on the camera (ooh)\nThey deceivin', super thievin'\nThey fitness come and go like when they weave in\nI never listen to the schemin' type\nI want the Sporty, Scary, Ginger spice\n\nI wanna know, is this real or fake?\nDo I have a chance or am I pavin' ways?\nI'm tryna find a reason not to say your name\nLike you, there's no look-a-like\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a\n\nMy girl's a Spice Girl\nHer world is my world\nAnd most of all she's fine to me\nAnd aligned with the infatuation I feel\nI need a Spice Girl
Issa's scene made me miss Insecure even more. 😢
If Anyone hears his Album you will not be disappointed... I swear Amine gives me a Pre-mature Andre 3000 vibe, but with his own Sauce🔥🔥🔥
Amine and Tyler, the creator. Right now pls thx
One of the few rappers with personality
Wow I like the sound!! If you like this you may like:\nhttp://www.soundcloud.com/toolivejames
Who said he’s a one hit wonder. Come at me.
*rAdiCal*
Amine is makin flames 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
His Album is UNDERRATED
Aaaandddd heeesssss baccccckkkkk ❤️
Yessss
OH BABY A TRIPLE
Finally
should've done veggies or hero tsk
Yesh
ISSA!
1:29 welcome to eat ass!
❤️
Lit!!
STFU
Cameos af
shiet🔥
I love issa 😂🖤
AWWWW YEEEAAAAA
Aaaaah i love this shit
amine is the shit❗😁
amazing hugs from Brasil
Theme Song
Great colors
Wtf is going on ?
That ending though
Mel B?
YES KING
ok
Make a video for Heebie Jeebies!
He is so refreshing!
0:27 Odd future vibes
Yesss ❤️
FUCKKK YESS!!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Here before 200k
LOVE OMGOMG
Like Sriracha?
he so fine❣️❣️
Them cameos tho
https://youtu.be/WU8htFDNryM
super duper proud of this lil nugget banana brown dood
amazing.
Here before 120k
so so so good
DROP STFU
Those feet those
Awww😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻
It's aight
MASSIVE Thank you for everyone supporting me and making a dream reality! TG
Still listing but what a great interview. Reason I support  Newcastle is because of  Keegan my child good hero. I would love to see you interview  him.. also loved the Eddie hall interview. Keep it going.
Wow, some unique questions asked, well done chap
SHEEEEEEEAAAAAAAARRRREEEERRRRRRRRR!!!!\n\nI love that man!!!\n\nStuff of dreams.........
First one I listened to twice, awesome mate!
I know the answer to his question at about 1:03:30  It may have been midweek but there were many kids there and not in school because it was August lol
fuckin hell, now get benitez and mcgregor on
you guys are way too\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n smart for football,  do so\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nmething vital.. True geordeie is, the side kick is a moron
Georidie i fucking love ur content get rich but never change!!!! Also if u guys get a Gallagher brother on the podcast tht would be great
Just scanning YouTube and found your podcast just wanted to say not a Newcastle fan but really injoyed the podcast!
Arsene Wenger says what made muhammad ali so great was he got loads of people interested in boxing. \n\nsame thing applies to true geordie, he's got a lot of us hoping newcastle do well
This is just my opinion but I think where you're sitting is less of a sit down and talk and more of an interrogation. I know that's not what you guys are going for but it's what it looks like.
The True Geordie\n8 minutes in, if People think Alan is God then something wrong with them in my view. Yes Alan Shearer had great Football talents. He is just an ordinary person as we all are normal people. I can be a fan of his, i worship Jesus. I don't have idols. I will continue to watch the video. He was a great football player at the end of the day he is a normal person. I will also say this Alan Shearer has a great attitude in the interview.
I feel like an idiot not knowing match of the day is live
What do your daughters think shoot growing up with Alan sherear lol what an opening question
I’d love to see Ian Wright next!
Blackburn team were underdogs? chelsea of there day spent a lot manufactured success and only won the league because cantona was banned.
WANKER OF THE WEEK GORDON STRACHAN!!!!
Get gerrard on if u can
Lads what a great video - watched the whole lot great work
One of the best football documentaries I have ever watched.  Thank-you.\n\nAs a 34 year old Palace fan, I would just like to say, I actually liked Newcastle a lot.  I also thought the team you had with Solano etc was class, and Solano is largely forgotten about now but he was one of the best foreign players I have seen.\n\nGreat video.  I will share it.\n\nI just ask one thing.  \n\nI am a Palace fan and I know we are in the shit now, but please stop rubbing it in. ;)
Cracking interview. Wonderful to see a proper lad doing well. Believe it or not, my non West Ham idol as a kid was Alan Shearer. Keep up the good work mate
Brilliant video deserve every penny you get
the totti of english football. a true god in his home town
i agree with the fine system
Love the comments here, go to the TFATK podcasts and look at the things their fans comment 🙁. \n\nReally a great atmosphere here, great guests, great questions, great chat. Keep it up lads !!
how can you record a 2 hour podcast and the whole thing echoes. very very poor production quality
*sees the title* *has heart attack*
Quality podcast however the mic quality was slightly worse this episode. Didn't stop me watching the full 2 hours!
So pleased for you mate 🙌
Brilliant IV. The man is a legend.Thanks.
Great video shearer will always be my hero
Who was he talking about at 1:35
good hes doing the heading balls = brain damage documentary, it obviously does cause some damage, glad i didn't head much in my playing career
first podcast i've watched all the way through
Am sure Graham Souness was the manager when Dyer and Bowyer had a fight.
Love your work mate! Much more genuine interviews than you get from anyone speaking on TV. Keep it up.
Great podcast, keep up the good work, coyb efc
Not everyone gets to meet their heroes let alone interview them. Well done True Geordie, incredibly happy for you.
What's the name of the intro tune lads ??
The way Alan talks is like he doesn't know he's the top goal scorer in epl history
You'll be at 1m in no time. Keep it up 👊🏼
Shearer, absolute class. Bobby Robson, absolute gentleman and legend. Great interview.
Don’t ever meet your hero... unless it’s Shearer!  What a great lad.  Good podcast.
Love how he remembers everyone by name, shows a great lot. What an awesome gent!
Got to get Shearer on a night in Newcastle again TG
great podcast best 1 yet still shocked you got the  great alan shearer my boyhood hero to and am sure many other Newcastle and Blackburn fans
Great podcast. I have been die hard Newcastle fan for my whole life and Shearer has been considered a legend to me. Though I now know what is he like as a person and some of the thoughts he had throughout career, whether not be managers or players. Great insight of Alan Shearer. Great video True Geordie.
It’s mad to see how far true geordie has come now he meets he’s idol
mic quality seems a bit worse this week?
This is great get some more Prem legends on Geordie.
Amazing video, try and get Gerrard on that would be just as good (Everton fan)
Good interview but the sound was shite! TG and Laurence' mic's were woeful!
Great interview Geordie. You should lose the fake Scouser though, he is rubbish.
If your a Geordie your role model is Alan Shearer
From raging at fifa to interviewing your idol. What a rise mate keep up the great work 👍 great viewing
he uses so many metaphors just like on MOTD ahhaha
Much Respect from a Burnley fan, only wish he'd never signed for them
All time great without doubt seen him on his Southampton debut ,amazing
Great listen. Thanks for the hard work you out in
Glad you could get him on here bro, deserve it 🙌🏻
Love u Bryan but we no that Alan would have no hope against Roy Keane because he's our Irish mad cunt
You should try get frank abagnale on a podcast
Does this video constantly skip for anyone else? Tried watching 4 times skips every 2 seconds each time
Great to see The True Geordie in the trending list
Hi true Geordie, just watched the video. Really enjoyed it. You wouldn’t believe but am actually a die hard Sunderland fan but I love all football and always want to see us north east teams do well....boro doesn’t count lol I worked in shearers bar for over a year and actually have a signed testimonial shearer shirt. Great video mate
Alan Shearer is such a legend and really down to earth. Respect to him.
Best video on the internet.
Always had a huge ammount of respect for Shearer for what he did on the pitch and it's good to see he's class off it as well. Great podcast mate!
The Best Striker Ever!!!\n\nPS: After Gary Lineker, of course ;)
I seen Alan at the airport once
Even as a Boro fan I enjoyed this. UTB!
The best podcast episode! Incredibly insightful - great stuff Brian and Lawrence.  Alan Shearer  - What a man!
Incredible video Brian, down to earth blokes the lot of ya!
What an experience for me as a viewer, I got to see my hero meet his hero. Cracking stuff Geordie!
What was the intro song?
Splendid stuff lads. Up the Hammers
Shearer looks like Phil Collins
Fantastic interview.
Get sponsored...............CHECK\nInterview with Shearer...CHECK\nShag Iska Lawrence......(Mr. Bean Face meme)
Amazing stuff
Good one lads
Class video
Another cracking podcast. Keep it up Geordie!
I'm a Primary Celtic fan as I'm Scottish but I've started to really like Newcastle, their History and the fans⚫️⚪️
Trending my man
Fruitcake
Legendary podcast mate , shits all over anyone Joe Rogans brought on!!
but you already collabed with WillNE
Great video guys
Quality, just quality
Awesome Interview! Loved Alan Shearer and all his goals for us, he was truly the best! Thanks for the memories.~ Blackburn Rovers Fan
Watch this\nhttps://youtu.be/inLM7eCRaTA
Get Conor mcgregor
Best video ever.
Brilliant podcast once again
What a boring CNT Alan sherar is. Yawnn
Great player , Shit Pundit.
This is purely belter
quality, i remember the first episode. These have come a long way congrats mate
Gerrard never nasty...just stamped on Herrera that one time after being on the pitch for 1 min ;)
does anybody else get annoyed by geordie sometimes? something about him idek.
David James just isn't a legend, always been shot and still is now hahaha
Crappy defensive side for tekkers. Absolutely no chemistry and fitness for tekkers. This isn’t right 😡😡😡
why cant the amazing freestylers like daniel cutting and sian garnier and jezza just dribble through the whole team and score like they do in their videos
+F2Freestylers - Ultimate Soccer so funny when there was a pen for jezza and he was so serious when he scored but then he was like, this is just my job
Man True Geordie and Lawrence are to much!!😂😂😂
Anyone know the song that was played when they scored
Did
F**k this game
Pollock is quality
Aids :/
slaughter
Theo Barker??
Everyone killing Jezza needs to realize chemistry kills talent every time...Hashtag play together all the time and it showed. TT never plays together and it showed.
The difference in that game was William gallass
This is the same Gerard that played for Liverpool ? Lmao
The other commentator is so bad unlike true Georgie
if the other team played as much as hashtag it would of been a different story
Pollock the man of the match should get signed by a pro team for the under 18 or something
No credit to Jacko for saving so many great strikes by Steven Gerrard?
weller and jj were on same team
The incredible chemistry between True Geordie and Laurence was shown through this brilliant commentary. Sky Sports should snap them up asap
It would be amazing if you would do a match vs us the viewer. Think of the views you would get and the money you would raise from us playing you tubers and possibly legends. Charity money would be amazing and it would be an amazing honour to play against you tubers please take this in to consideration. Like to let him see...!!!!!,!
Ronaldinho next time would be amazing he is my favorite player I wasn't alive to watch him play tho :(
Lol Tekkerz Town fans being salty over Hashtag training more, making excuses when you all said Tekkerz would win in the first place because they had Gerrard. 😂\n#######
I was rooting for Billy and Jezza the entire time
Commentators started to get bored after hashtag Utd kept scoring so many times 😂😂
Heskey and jj on the same team, oh god
If Billy was there then hashtag would have been like a human vs a fly
Anyone have the time they showed the team sheet?
if paul Scholes and lamp ard in the same team 10000000-0 LOL
What charlie morley did there, is what footballers should do way more often. Getting taken out, but instead of asking for a penalty (even if it's outside the box), recognize there is still the opportunity to score, get up and shoot
W2s shouldnt be a lb he shld be a cb cuz he can only slide tackle and clear, he can neither pass nor shoot lol
8872268228619l8755999a8866886m88886b88876a88877766687t9998654336m88875544a87655888655n987777199927394927\nSome of you skipped right over that number. Only 10% will realise something... if u do comment it👇🏻
Why aren't freekickerz invited to these things?
All enemies of spencer Owen in Wembley cup have wore yellow and black
Hope scotty becomes A pro He has Great potential
My channel may make u laugh so it’s worth checking out
Elliot Crawford is so slow
As much as I'd like it to be true, William Gallas never won a World Cup.
country music these days is awful , I enjoy Billy currington  ,but I don't care about the others. our 1990s n 1980s music will not be played again unless there's a station that just plays the older music . it's too bad too, it took away a lot of good music!!!! if we have CDs of our favorites, then we can listen to them . but I think there should be a good amount of the older country played. the 1980s& 1990s really had a lot of good country. music worth listening to.!!.
Yo, I haven't exactly payed the attention i should've. Can anyone tell me why Billy ain't playing?
KSI and Joe Weller on the same team lol.
Don't know who I would prefer as a defence out of Liverpool's defence or tekkerz town's defence
is scott allowed to have that bottle......
Please go back to the old school wmbley cup were Both teams look after youtubers and do challenges for legends so much more fun
It was an epic match
I think if both of the f2 started it might have been different not saying they would win but they might not have lost by that much
The crowd was so sad at the end
SCOTTIE P MVP
Anyone notice theo barkerer
chamber bread chair oldrrzk controversial complex anywhere reporting northeast remark.
where is ferdinand
Theo Barker?? :D :D :D
Miniminter should've played!?!?
its cus billy couldnt play...
Llll
Linesman should go in the kitchen and make me a meal
isnt it funny how every year spencers team has won and when spencer went on sidemen team they won and when spencer went on youtube all stars they won
Why didn’t give JJ a proper pic? His face is photoshopped onto a black body😂
Sub to my channel
Does anyone else hate Laurence? He's so annoying
If Tekkers had both the F2 they would have dominated this game, the extra training time would have been very helpful as well
If Billy played the score would've changed
Pollock looks like he cn score the goals by himself  he just pass the ball so nobody gets angry on him
Announcers only ##################
*theo barker 😂
They should make a tournament  with teams Facebook youtube twitter and istagarm
Geordie and Laurence's commentary was golden, had me laughing all game.
Seb is such a try hard haha and it doesn’t work.
Brain and Lawrence managed to make this game incredibly entertaining 😂
Well done to billy wingrove for coming on
Spencer pin this if you love all your fans
If only at the beginning jezza and Sean just dribbled they're so good but they don't dribble
I last my teams chance to wembley  cup 2017
Geordie < martin Tyler
wait! Joe Weller dosen't play?
Where is Miniminter?
Did Joe Weller even play
Please do a Highlights video like last year.
david JAMES as they call him in spain lmao lawrence u dumbass lol haha funny mfkrs
Just finished highschool but already makes more money then you
Does anyone know the bouncin tune that was played as the teams came out?
If tekkers town had a single legend in defence this game would've been very different.
Geordie looking smart once a year for the wembley cup. 😊
without a doubt the commentary made this
Came and stayed for the commentary
I think Elliot let Team Tekkers down the whole game.
I went to the Match
What's the goal song called?
Who saw Jimmy Conrad pointing where jeremy was going when he was taking the penalty
I love spencer fc like if you agree
I focking love how k.s.i is in the same team as husky long time fans will get it hilarious.
Tekers guru
It’s always hashtag
Wingrove?
I wanted Gerard to slip again
This series is so pointless to watch we know Spencer’s gonna win at least make the match interesting by going into penalties or something
The commentator who you talking about when referring to KSI... omg!!! Had me crying!!! You can tell he is old and doesn't follow today's celebrity's. 😂😂😂😂😂
DLC needs to be COSMETICS ONLY!!!!   Seriously if you do it right then people will buy the hell out of cosmetics.  Players love to look cool and different from one another.  People do not like Pay 2 win garbage.
Another game on the list of games I won't be buying.shadows of mordor, destiny, call of duty and now battlefront.will be busy playing mario odyssey, breath of the wild and cuphead.
DONT BUY THESE GAMES!! That is what you DO... capitalism means vote with your wallet... don't give them money for a game with loot box's like this..
Why people still play ea games.
I’m still gonna buy it, because I found the Beta really fun. I don’t know what you’re talking about. I could easily get 2 crates in 1,5 hours.
Well,.. until a few minutes ago, I was looking forward to the release of this game. But now,.. I better save my money. Thanks for the vid, man.
Can't do anything about it because console pesants have nothing to play. So they break down and buy the game and deal with the downsides, thus supporting the industry's decisions.
Frankly I'd rather pay for maps than crates. At least get rid of duplicates from the crates
It is simple do not buy the game. No game sales means you but EA where it hurts and they will then ask questions. Until then they will continue to serve the player.
You get the second gun free from the starter crate.. Play before talking please
Screw games with those kind of system. Battlefront 2, and the new Shadow of War. The developer and publisher can stick those games up their asses.\n\nI can't wait to see people defend this kind of crap. Oh... god.
Got burned on the first game. Staying well away from the sequel.
I knew it. I goddamn knew it. This is EA, they only care about money. They've ruined Star Wars Battlefront, and they're going to ruin Anthem. DO NOT get your hopes up for either.
What should the gaming community do to curb this bs behaviour, start an all out balls to the wall boycott campain against all games that use a pay to win loot system? I am hardcore into overwatch and have spent some money on loot boxes for special events. I did that knowing it was all cosmetic. With the amount of hours I have in overwatch it was worth it for me. If I had to buy loot boxes to get a card that makes pharah harder to hit when she is flying I would throw my hands up and uninstall the game immediatelty.
Fuck EA's Battlefront 2. Won't be buying this, it's not even a complete game! Again!
They have lost the battle with me, not getting this game, forcing you to buy loot create to progress, no game is worth buying with micro transaction in them
Fuck you EA! I don´t buy your shit anymore!!! Only way to stop that shit!
Just for the guns I did the math and if it is correct, it would take you somewhere around 2 1/2 years at 5 hours EVERY DAY to get all guns and attachments if there were only 12 guns.
I am gonna laugh so hard if this is how it will be when the game is released.
I like how it's 2017 and Joe still uses epic fail
Yay... now all the kiddies that are used to smartphone games with the same stupid microtransaction system are old enough... we can put this shit in all new games!\n- lazy developers
It's so depressing that a game that can be a masterpiece such as this, is ruined by loot boxes...literally heartbreaking.
I hope there's custom clone skins for the different legions/battalions.
Micro Transactions ARE RUINING OUR GAMES!!!! MLB SHOW 17 TGE SEASON IS OVER AND 4 PLAYERS ARE STILL 500K STUBS. $99 FOR 175K STUBS YOU CAN BUY 5 PLAYSTAIONS TO PLAY ONE FREAKING GAME NOWADAYS. THIS IS HORSESHITE!!!!!
We need to stand up to this shit! Don't buy the game. And it should get shit reviews across the board. Even if it's the best game ever this shit needs to stop. Maybe they should say this a great game but can't recommend because to progress you have to pay... And seem as though it's $60 this is unethical and ripping off the consumer.
all you have to say is EA and you know it's fucked.
Still like the game and in my experience I had vey good luck with the loot system.
It already took a weekend of grinding to get my beta character up to almost perfect
Mom: Son there's $372 charged to my credit card what are you thinking\nSon: Fuck off mom I get to be Boba Fett the whole game now it was worth it
Over the summer I got invited to the Alpha test and as soon as I seen the loot crates I uninstalled this POS game and took it off my list of games to buy. fuck all this Microtransaction shit
You don't know what to do about it? Really? What about you do not buy any of those games?
I bought the first game for five dollars plus the season pass later on for 20. I didn’t really have to wait long because everyone slammed it for having no story mode. They cut the price in half accordingly, and I got a deal with gold! I don’t think the price will drop as quickly now because they actually have a story mode.
You gotta remember this is a beta. The employees who worked on this game and the director wanted to release this game quick kus they wanna make the money on time but one thing they thought no one will notice is that credit.  There will be a huge update before the game releases.  By the way at the office meeting the group whose responsible for this credit patch were like ooopss We missed one thing.
I think a boycott will be successful, Because last time alot of people have boycotted the base game of original battlefront 2 and also the premium DLC which split the player base and the DLC died after 2 weeks. EA wanted to change this so they introduce this worse shitty system. If they wanted people to buy the game they should make the base game $20 more dollars with all the content included and no pay to win. This way the game will have a player base that wont be split/ non existent the devs have money to still work on the future DLC. Otherwise this game is going to flop just like how COD IW.
Wow EA... Way to go... Let's see which message people send EA by buying or boycotting this one. You managed to make it even worse then the exploitative stuff in battlefield...
Were gonna lose the battle over Pay to win and microtransactions * games cues in sad music *
Pre ordered cancelled! Titanfall|2 is just the best game ever created!
Cod MWR did the same shit with getting credits for loot boxes. It didn't matter whether you went 50-0 or 0-50, both teams/all players get the same amount of credits. It's all based on time played, not kills or skill.
if you are tired of paying for it, stop buying it.
Assuming the 780 crates is accurate, and assuming that it would take 3600 hours to get said number of crates...\nIt would take 5 months of playtime to do that.\n\nI don't mean I played the game every day; I mean If I played non-stop, I would play for 5 months straight to get this\n\nUgh... I'm glad I have the original Battlefront 2, where I can play the game instead of playing a Star-Wars-themed lottery.
stop buying triple A titles... indie is now the number one game developing style.. even with the gamble of finding a bad dev
I hope Battlefront 2 fails and I love the Star Wars universe so it pains me to say that 😢
i know what to do about it...overwatch is getting bigger and better...thats what im gonna do. since bf3 and EA's aquisition of dice...the game has gotten shittier and shittier...anyone found a bush you can hide in in bf1? my favorite dice games to this day...bfbc2 and bf3 with its glorious Vietnam expansion. Its time to put my money into companies who respect my time..respect my money...and respect me...no more bs.
The problem with these type of games is there's no longer any player loyalty and they cost so friggin much to make. The genre is over saturated, players jump to the next shiny literally weeks after release. They're obviously trying to mimic the successful 'Loot Crates' of OW but know only offering cosmetic items won't cut it. You know the dev's intended this to be cosmetic, non-p2w but shareholders want them profits.
I understand that People are mad at EA but shit do they have to say that they are RUTHLESS wtf they are just doing their job. It's a buissness they need to make money somehow.while pay to win is not the answer of making money. But they can use BF4s system instead. Case closed
lmao dunkey literally called something like this happening in his e3 2017 video
I just cancelled my pre-order
I’m 18 and I have better facial hair than him
There is an easy solution to all of this DLC/Pay to play garbage we keep getting, DON'T BUY ANY OF IT!\nSeriously, we are being assaulted with loot crates and virtual currency garbage in almost every major game, and it's not going to stop until we stop buying this shit.
Joe, you are 100% on with the cards and that is why I will not be buying this game, but as for weapons you can get them trough the class specific loot boxes you get for playing the class and they drop at a very high rate (at least in the beta they did) to boot. I was able to unlock all of the classes primary and secondary weapons in the beta across two consoles with minimal play time due to IRL time constraints. Don't get me wrong, the game is still a microtransaction shitshow and I will personally be boycotting ANY game that partakes in this method outside of F2P games, such as Warframe. That card system is a flat out advantage that is so RNG based that it pushes you to spend real cash and that is an issue.
Actually star wars is owned by Disney not Lucas arts.
Did u ever think maybe everyone gets equal credits cause it's just a beta lol..?
Im starting to hate AAA games even more than I used to they are all about making the most cash possible not creating a masterpiece that will be recognised as a great game they r just greedy fuckers who abuse the big names of these franchises.
I’m going to be honest I didn’t even know there was loot boxes and the points were used to get more boxes
There's something no one seems to see or to talk about. It's called Star Wars,W-A-R-S that means you will at least retoast the ideas from the ps2 games,NOT MAKE ANOTHER FUCKING FPS GAME. And don't start with shit likeBut it has starfighters tanks and shit and some villains and heroes ,well no it doesn't, becouse if you noticed some differences even in Battlefront 2015 reinforcements had a purpose,BF 2 is a poorly made FPS game with great game graphics
Do another video of these about Shadow of War. These loot boxes are a plague that must be extinguished !!!
I'll just continue playing bf4.
OMG I just blew out a lung at the end laughing so hard at this sucks peepee did not see that coming!
Idc about how long it takes to get crap I got everything I wanted while having a blast and the cards don’t feel that broken for me but the hero ones did look a little weird to me but I rarely play as heroes anyway because jet troopers are amazing
So i played the beta and you cannot buy credits with real money you only earn them this is not pay to win in any way also you can ccraft star cards with scrap metal both credits and scrap can be earned and never bought just so you know its not pay to win and you dont need to cancell preorders due to some idiot not knowing this and only assuming so angry joe im sorry but you are very mis informed every card is upgradeable also credits are easy to get and scrap is more rare scrap is what you need for upgrades so yeah no money involved after purchase of game and scrap is not the only way to progress and i got every weapon in the first 20 minutes by leveling my classes also THIS IS A BETA GET OVER IT
I guess just play private Modes with your friends and play single player. then it's not ruined for you online
Such a shame. In the beta it gave you crates for completing challenges, and I thought that was how you got crates aside from the credits. I generally have no problem with loot box systems, but this royally stinks. I'll wait until a sale for this. The game itself is incredibly good, but I'm not gonna pay full price for a game that does this.
Think EA can win the golden turd award this year?
After seeing the trend of these AAA titles the last few years I just have 1 wish...ONE! That when Bethesda finally comes out with the next Elder Scrolls game, PLEASE do not include a p2w feature, all armor and weapons including legendarys should be possible to find by playing the game itself. If this ends up not being the case, I may really turn to some real boycotting techniques. I'll find a group, I'll start a group, I'll BE THE GROUP!
Btw AngryArmy most of the gaming companies are moving to loot crates
I’ts the same whit fifa 18 in ultimate team you need to spend so mutch money on packs to have the best players in the game EA just think about money fuck you EA!!!!
Was going to buy 'til I saw monster micro show it's greedy smile. Let them all corrupt Joe. In the end there will be a ballance. I mean,  there will be  competitive studio's which will bring back what is fair in this game genre or simuliar style's most effected.  It's heart sickening that Star war's, l mean, STAR WARS is such a sh*t and this studio uses these method's. I say F*c you, I don't ever have to buy another of your games. Hopefully the release will be much better, I hope so, but until then I'm cool to just watch.
get the message out
IT'S JUST THE BETA GOD DAMN STOP WHINING
To all the people that spent $60 on this shit, i feel for you.... rip....
My PS4 has been collecting dust since I completed Uncharted 4. Xbox hasn't been turned on since...I can't even remember.  All of my attention has been going towards playing 3DS, and now Nintendo switch.   I'm giving up on Sony and Microsoft, garbage.
Joe, what we can do is not buy or support this game. I am not going to buy this game and support these business practices, and if I were you, I wouldn't buy, advertise, or review this game on your channel.  Put your money where your mouth is, take a stand. I will be.
Hahahahahahahahahhahahahahaaaa ha.
Screw this game. Just play warframe ppl
GREED
my dick feels hot
Boycott
End song?
Rant to me, Joe, rant to me!
This sucks pee pee
wow.. thats suck...\nthx for the review Joe
The gameplay is sooo good tho!
R.I.P. Battlefront 2
This sucks peepee.
Disgusting...
Hey guys, the original star wars battlefront 2 got an update reviving multiplayer gamemode, just sayin ;)
this sucks pp! lmao!
So many people LOVED the old Star Wars Battlefront games on Ps2! This should be a booming franchise by now but instead they fucked it up. Shame because it had so much potential back in the day ^^
Remember when we all praised EA for ditching season passes?! They'll ditch this and then bring some other shit in!
It's the beta
1) This is a Beta and earn rates will probably be changed. It is good to point out flaws, they are looking for feedback.\n2) The gaming industry is shifting from funding via paid DLC packs/season passes to funding via micro-transactions and offering major DLC for free. It's how things are shaping to be and prefer the latter model.
To think there will still be idiotic fuckwits that will defend this is sickening.
Hutt contracts were great in the last game, why don’t they bring that back and just completely scrap the loot crates
The YouTube channel Pretty Good Gaming has been covering this game since it's announcement. Hopefully they get abit more support as they're some of the few channels out there who seek out censored and pay-to-win games and companies, etc. \n\nYou're welcome.
I'm so glad that I have lost interest in AAA games. These days I stick to playing older console games through emulation, and smaller games with no microtransactions like Cuphead and Sonic Mania. It has been many years since I've bought a AAA game. They all seem cookie cutter and formulaic to me. And now with microtransaction hell? Yeah, to hell with that trash.\n\nI've never been tempted by gambling schemes, none of it ever appealed to me whether it was poker, slots, lottery tickets, etc.\n\nI am fine with microtransactions in F2P games. I think they make sense there, but for a $60 game -- especially when it also affects singleplayer? No.\n\nI grew up with an NES, then SNES and Sega Genesis in my adolescence. I am use to buying games up front and getting all of the content with that price. I will not  buy any game that locks content behind additional paywalls.
star wars is trash and overrated anyway.
im sure they will fix this for the final game
For those of you hating on this game without even having played the FREE Beta, firstly, go fuck yourselves. Secondly, the game plays great. Thirdly, the only place where star cards really matter is space combat, some of the cards do give quite an advantage with certain classes. That being said, I personally am not a fan of the loot crate progression system, BUT, gameplaywise it plays beautifully. Ground combat isn't effected with flat damage and health values like space battles, THE BETTER PLAYER WILL USUALLY WIN. Also free dlc, so for me that severly negates my overall care about a loot crate system, I also believe space cards will probably get tweked to make it more fair on space.
Everyone forgetting that all further dlc is free for the game + the crates are fucking optional. Microtransactions aren't always bad you fucking morons. Id rather this than have to pay for map packs and heroes, stop listening to whatever this idiot says, he's known for being a retard.
That's pure bullshit. I have a total of 30 hours in the beta, have all guns, and have 80% of all cards/mvp/emotes
In every sketch, Gal is obviously looking at cue cards.
I thought the make out session with Vanessa Bayer, and Kristen  Stewart  was hot, but this tops that for sure.. ☺
If she wasn't a lesbian before, she is now.
How in the hell did that kiss not make news?! I just stumbled onto this vid... I need another pair of pants...
What is that black girl lose her themyscira accent halfway through the skit?😅
Did anyone else make the connection to the name of the island and the fact that the amazonians are all women?... Themyscira.....the mascara....mascara... Makeup?
Gadot should have went for  hair massage during the kiss.
So many people in this comment section are trying to criticize SNL for promoting LGBTQ propaganda, but if you were to look at the history of Wonder Woman you would realize that she was written as a bisexual Superhero and the skit was playing off of that. Also, can't a skit just have an LGBTQ character in it and not be seen as propaganda? They are just people, nothing to politicize so can we all just stop being so offended.
Kate got a HUuuuuGe lady boner at it!!!
Fuck when she said ‘I felt nothing’ I would have crawled in a hole and died
what's with the dislikes?
I’m 2minutes in and still waiting to laugh...😐
I would love to get kissed by gal
hey.. its fun to do this
Sexism at its best, you couldnt do this with 2 cis males hitting on the Amazonians.
I honestly couldnt decide wich woman I was more jealous of, Kate or Gal.
You know what else is evil? Ads that you can't skip.
A kiss to get ratings. sad
That one lady reminds me of a female version of Chris Farley. What a stupid loss that was... You will be missed, Chris!
Damn that just wasn't fair watching Gal with Kate!! Lol
Anyone else noticed one of them got the names mixed up when they said Megan and Dre? lol @1:21 @1:32
Women are not funny
Wait a second the word tits isn’t allowed?
Man this show is not funny..
Is it everyone or do we have a couple of hours. A half hour relationship lesbian relationships can be brief.
where u just kluupKluup drop the soap?? the bottle of body wash then put sweats on..
#GalGadot is too #hot 2 b #true, but she's so #fine, I wanna make her #mine! ;) <3 .. I feel #stronger now after watchin her #kiss like an #amazon! ...#sweet!
Isn't  that Wonder woman?
Holy lord, anyone can see that was a kiss anyone would like... yaozzzaaaa.... what a sight
The Lord of the Flies gender swap leaked footage
Why did they bleep out ‘tits’? It wasn’t bleeped out on the original show.
This was painful to watch. 🙄Didn't find it funny. Anyone else think that Gal looked uncomfortable doing this skit? \nI miss Kristin Wigg & her small hands skits.
Not gonna lie, I got a little chub.
I'm offensive and find this video very lesbian.
Did I just watch a female Matt Damon?
I'm a lez!!
Gal is wearing wedge shoes to make herself taller. Is she only 5’8?
Aidy made that fangirl face and i was like sameeeee
🤢how much was she payed to kiss her 🤢
When your dick feels nothing seeing girls kissing...
Yes, the kiss was hot, BUT: it´s kinda sad that SNL seem to try to get clicks with lesbian kisses, breast-expansions (Harry Potter Sketch), stuff like that. I loved sketches like David Pumpkins, the Get off the shed!-sketches with Will Ferrell, things like that, they are really funny without trying to shock the audience.
That's odd at the end where they didn't feel anything, I'm not gay, nor a women, but I did feel something.
Wish Gal Gadot wouldn't have wasted her time on this. SMH. I always say her as classy but not anymore.
The best part of this is that Gal said tits on live TV
I wish I was the one getting to kiss Kate!!!! Sign me up for that role!😻😻
Best Fucking Episode of All Time
Ugh!! ... I love Gal Gadot... She's such a great Patriot.. I hate to see her dirty herself on such a anti-American liberal piece of crap show.
I think that kiss took Kate's breath away
In every skit she doesn't just glance at the dialogue cards she stares right at them.\nLess in this one than the one about OJ.
To be fair if a real lesbian saw these 2 they'd probably feel nothing either.
Why does this sound like a bad fanfiction?
I would love to have a cute baby with her😘😘😘😘😍😍😍😍😍💦💦
100% Certified TRASH...
Gal is so rediciously attractive
creepy
disgusting
fucking gross out right now
she is gorgeous...
Damn
Harvey Weinstein
Pathetic.
*Disgusting*
This was funny
This was hilarious!
What?
This was so cringe I almost had a spaz seizure
Gal is literally amazing oike this was hilariously amazing
I wish that was me who agrees
Why do I feel like Kate wrote this sketch?
Well that just cheered me the fuck up, if Kate could just marry me that would be great..
Can this become a series
I’m a simple man , I see Kate McKinnon, I click .
THIS WAS LIVE MEANING THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO WATCHED GAL GADOT KISS KATE MCKINNON IN REAL LIFE
I'm guessing the writers didn't know that Diana is bi 😂
Every straight woman is a closeted bisexual. There's a reason they made the most iconic female super hero of all time gay. If you ask me the writers know something we all didn't. Can't be a powerful female superior and only be into dick, nope. Female sexuality is a strange thing
I would kill a man for Gal to kiss me like that..
Written by Kate McKinnon
Need 2 shit on trump more.
I swear Gal is legitimately one of the most beautiful women in the world.
Was it Kate's birthday? Did she exchange an annual bonus to one of the writer's? What?
The moment she kissed her, I was like, *gasp* with my mouth wide open for ages. I wish I was her. Lol
SHE ACTUALLY DID IT
Imagine being kissed by Gal omg I would die!  Kate McKinnon is so lucky!!!!
My question is : so who wrote this skit?
Simply go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You'll get the only working method completely FREE for this game.
If Kate didn't write this skit, someone hooked her tf upppppppp.
I know a kiss is just a kiss but still, not expecting that
4:15 Kate was properly shook
Lesbians
Sexual harassment isn't funny.
😂🤣 lol
This is hilarious but I gotta say I'm a little annoyed because Diana being bi is canon now, and since Kate McKinnon is perfect she SHOULD HAVE FELT SOMETHING GOD DAMN IT.
Everyone is talking about Gal Gadot and Kate McKinnon, but I could not keep my eyes off of Melissa Villasenor and Heidi Gardner. More of those two, please.
How is this funny? Like seriously? This is shameful and ridiculous. As for the lesbian part, this is disgusting. I wanted to puke! Sorry don’t mean to offend anyone but I’m just being honest.
And this is why Trump won.
Isn't SNL supposed to be funny? \nWhen was I supposed to laugh at this skit? *Nothing* that was said was funny. Hahahaha dykes and amazonians get it HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA!\nThe snl writing staff needs to quit  snorting coke and start paying for writing classes lmao
i fucking hate libtards
Who cares snl sucks anyway!
Thought it was only pretty women on the island why r there 2 ugly girls
Even when Kate is dressed like a lez, she is still hot.
Trendingggggggg
Loreal lash paradise is holy grail status
You make up looks soooo bomb😍😍
Yes do the eyeliners! 😃
Yas!! Eyeliners!!
Your eyes 😍 omg!!!!!!!!!
This was so satisfying!!!!!
Imagine her lipstick lol
Please do a review on Natasha Denona holiday palettes
Lip products next
those subtle facial expressions kill me! lol
We can make,
where better than sex at?
I love your lip colour ! Love you 💃🏻
HOW do you even remember how they apply ... GOALS, goals, goals
I'd love to see this style of video with eyeliner!!
Yay!!! I requested this video and you did it! Thank you! You are amazing Tati! ❤️❤️💜❤️
you say donate, im curious where do you donate them to?
I use a lot of Mirenesse (I'm from Australia) & their skin care is the BOMB!!! A full face of Mirenesse or just Australian makeup would be great to see
please do a review on a bunch of fiona stiles products
I would love to see a declutter of lipsticks. Great job!
Ooo can you do one with lip liners 💋
where does all your makeup get donated too??
im trying to be patient, but please give us a pr unboxing
Great video!  Love the tips!  I will be getting some!
Thank you so much for doing this video for us💕🤗 Really love your your make 😍😍☺️☺️
Can someone please tell me why tati doesnt like t** f****?
One of the best videos ever. So satisfying. Love this one. The shade on T**Fa€£D was awesome.
wait what was the brand she never talks about... i thought it was tarte
I like these kind of videos
TATI, you can send me whatever you don't want!! Lol
Love these kind of videos!
Did I miss CL? You did WTF on it🙂
How I've felt about too many men, Oh, you suck, but you're pretty. You can stay!
I need a video on that look plssss!!! 😭🙏
Can you do a full face using Physician’s Formula makeup?
Lash paradise WAS so good... SOoooOo good. But dried out crazy fast and I don't even wear makeup everyday.
Tati’s whole look today is giving me “holiday” vibes and it’s making me so excited for the upcoming holiday season 😍😍
Where did you get the earings? Love them
YOUR LOOK IS ON FLEEEKK TODAY ! I LOVE THAT MAKEUP LOOK <33333 OMG
Oh good god I love this eye look, please tell me this is from cat's pajamas, I was already going to buy it but now I want to even more
I love declutter videos, they are a products review and a favorites video wrapped into one. Plus I'm nosy and like to see what other people's makeup drawers look like. 👀 ha ha
got any of them give aways and do we have a chance of getting our hands on some goodies?
This was an awesome video! Can do this with lipsticks or foundations?
How the hell do you remember the results of all these!? Haha that’s crazy !
I would love to see more installments of these. So helpful.
My life goal is to have as many makeup stuff as Tati 😂
can u do a morning and night routine.
I think you should do a Tutorial Tuesday once a month. I would really love to see a video of HOW to get your eye shadow to blend. Maybe a eyeshadow for dummies, or how to pick the perfect shade of foundation. \nLove your videos. Keep up the great work
You can REALLY tell that she just likes one of the most affordable ones, Essence and then the OPPOSITE for Tarte ( basically a summary besides all of her critiques)
wow, you look so beautiful today!
Lash paradise has different package in Europe  °-°
You look gorgeous in this video. Love the hair! Very Patrick Nagel...
„Can you try catching them though?“ 😂😂😂
ddddddamn this eye look is incredibly beautiful.\ngreat video (: thanks for the reviews
Wish I had access to her dumpster!
Tati, You are so amazing.   I have found myself walking through drugstores watching your videos just to make sure I get the right product.   I tell all of my girlfriends about your videos and I stress that you really are about skin care.  I have been doing your various nighttime skin care routines for the last few weeks and my skin is amazing.  Thank you Tati!!!
Would unopened liquid/creme makeup stay fresh in an airtight situation in the freezer?\n\nLove the Dior overcurl more than my luggage. \n\nWould love to see a No7 brand review! Love ya!
Hi Tati, love your videos <3 Could you do a video on the best brown mascara? I feel like brown mascara is always overlooked on YouTube. Thanks!
Want no Need those earrings Tati tell me where I can get them!
Tati please review the NIP and FAB makeup please
Tarte’s “Gifted” is actually really good! The brown wooden tube!
i love you but could you, like, make life easier for whoever’s helping you by not throwing stuff around and making them go after it lol
“I don’t care if you suck, you can stay.... you’re like really cute” me w boys 😂
How come you got rid of monsieur big?  Do you not like it?  I have it but haven't used it yet 🤔🤔
Your eyeshadow is so perfectly blended today 😘😍😍😍😍
Would love more drugstore reviews, and eyeliner purge!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
101 reasons to buy lash paradise
she didnt mention my two favorites :(
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Eyeliner video!!
Congrats Tati on trending
You're trending at #7!
Can u do lipstick declutter please
Who’s Taylor ?
I love the Lancôme grandiose and monsieur big 😭
Wait... Did I read that right?? $7.49 for the Lash Paradise??\n\nIt's sold for $13.49 at my Ulta in Northern California. Why is it so much more expensive here?😭
Hey tati when is that beauty room tour coming up? Which u promised to upload🙁
Any New Youtubers Want To Support Each Others Channels? 💖
Please do a tutorial on that eye look; it is SO beautiful!!
u can donate all ur makeup to me
Your makeup is stunning in this video!
Just go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You're going to get the only one 100% working secret fully FREE for the game.
I really love seeing Tati part ways with some of these items. Its shows that its OK to throw things out if they are no good or you dont like them. The money isnt coming back and you will just have wasted space and clutter if you keep everything. Love these videos.
I so loved watching this video!
I think the guy in the room with her is the guy that edits her videos.
Could you please put the things that you end up keeping in the description box?
Where can I get those earrings?!
Tati love your earrings!!! Where did you get them from?
When you first went, No! No! I thought that was a Lash Paradise and got confused. Then I realized what it was and started cracking up 😂
Loving that gold under eye!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHH!!!! Love from Ohio!
You should try doing two weeks of videos where you jus try on make up you have but haven't tried out yet that you either bought or PR. then you can try everything and we can hear your opinions of them. But also don't what your skin to be overwhelmed with new products everyday.
Go to google and type: *gamesecrx guide* You get the only one 100% working secret completely FREE for the game.
Hi. 'y r they so upset 'u don't need to show evrione, u just love and that was so Rare om to have all that loving it omm
Tati you should try the push up marcara by Maybelling
Love you you are such A great youtuber
Your makeup looks AMAZING! Those eyeshadow colors together make your blue eyes pop.
i loveeee the lancôme monsieur big!! you said that you loved it in a video a while back, you should try it again! soooooo good
Please donate the wands to wands for wildlife!!
And people thought MLP & Steven Universe fans were cancer. R&M fans are super AIDs double cancer.
It's fake 4 guys set this up!
The idiots paying 10 bucks are stupid but that’s actually a good idea to get idiots to pay 10 bucks for it
i blame baby boomers for this shit
This shows the elites the true nature of people. They can watch this and justify there own actions since the first chance this dude got he started exploiting people, reassuring the elites that any of us they are causing suffering would have done just the same if we was in the same position the elites currently are. He had a chance to share valuable limited resources the sauce like people preach for the corrupt people to do but then we dont do it ourself at the first chance we get?
Somebody help me out, is this sauce expensive or rare or what?
This seshuan sauce has been blown way out of proportion
Its a scam a few people In on it and they buy and say its nice so other normal people buy like sheep
Is this in Canada
These rick and morty fans are so fucking cringe smh
you paid a man 10 dollars to dip a nugget in some shite sauce, if i was your dad ill slap the shit out of you and disown you for life.
Why did i watch this 😒
Is this a live action Ed, Edd and Eddy?
Half expecting Rick to walk in with 100 dollar bills in his hands.
Thank you Rick and Morty you proved our world is fat enough to pay $10 for a bit of sauce and nugget
It's my series arc Morty, 9 seasons morty
This sums up Americans in a chicken nugget.
How is he allowed to do this inside the place where it was sold
Capitalism has gotten out of hand
THE LOOK ON THE NERDS FACE JESUS MAKES ME LAUGH
Rick and Morty fans: we're smart cos we watch Rick and Morty, the rest of you guys are fucking retards cos you don't understand the show\n\nAlso Rick and Morty fans:
The most American thing ive ever watched
-pays 10 usd for a nugget\n-eats it in one go
Please help me I am in great pain.
It wasn’t worth it👎
That guy doesn’t seem impressed
That man is a genius.
What a fucking fool. The look on his face when he's asked if its worth it. Of course  its not fucking  worth it
Don't these guys know anything about hygiene?!
Fair play to the guy hustling these idiots
All that guy could taste was regret...
Good for him. Just like people that pay $1,000 for a phone.
Capitalist at its best! 😂😂😂
Well, time to stop watching rick and morty and associating myself with the horde of asshats that claim to be fans......
you can buy szechuan sauce from the chinese down the road from me. they do it with seafood or meat
Lol the guy stuffs it in and crosses his arms like yes I'm a badass
People in the comments will gladly hand over money for overpriced iPhones, celebrity endorsed makeup, cars, and sneakers etc but think it's dumb to buy a nugget dipped in sauce for ten bucks ......
The world is fucked.
He then sold them air for $20
Think for yourself, don't be sheep
Jimmy neutron in ten years
Stupid niggers. This is why you are poor.
Rick and Morty fans belong in concentration camps
That’s cheap as fuck!!!
Szechuan sauce? Tf??\nBruh that dude handles money and then your nugget and sauce. Good luck with all that faecal matter on the nugget, you probably got some other sauce too 😷
ARE THEY REALLY THAT GOOD???
'Capitalism is the most efficient system at resource distribution'
You should all kill your selves
50% men don't wash their hands after toilet, so there's a 50% chance he touched a penis before taking that nugget.
Sooooo... would any of you recommend I watch Rick and Morty?
people are so fucking stupid oh my days
0:31 the look on that man's face just shows he wasted 10 fucking bucks on not even a 1/4 dipped chicken nugget
I like how everyone is crowding around him likes he’s the fucking messiah or some shit.
I don’t know why people are going mad for this sauce as it’s nothing to do with rick and Morty except rick referenced it in an episode and the promotion for the sauce isn’t even rick and Morty related
Look at all these troglodyte homunculi degenerates that the show itself mocks doing exactly as they mock others for doing.
That's a lot of Alexander Hamiltons
I'm selling a bridge if anyone wants it? \n\nFucking idiots!
I’m a fan of rick of and morty but this fan base just pisses me off
That isn't Szechuan sauce because it doesn't come in a container like that.
This is what happens when a fanbase loses control.
Why anyone would pay 10 dollars for that when u can buy a big bottle for 3 dollars
There are some real fuckwits in this world
:24 That is the face of defeated, beaten man.
What a stupid fucking video.
Fucking 10 bucks apiece for meme sauce
Bet you its soy sauce+ ketchup.
I thought Rick and Morty fans were supposed to be of higher intelligence? They bee getting scammed
Rick and Morty is truly a show for intellectuals a fanboy shouts as he pays 10 dollars for a fucking chicken nugget...
That last frame looks like the face of regret
Christ, this is sad.
What is szechuan sauce lol
Please meme gods make 0:25 a meme
Capitalism at its finest
Actual Autism
Wtf is this?
Goddammit Rick...
https://youtu.be/0sNs_w_9Q8k *this*
genius
Watch this\nhttps://youtu.be/inLM7eCRaTA
What a nugget
Filfiy  capitalist
I need it ffs
Communion
American weirdos
Anybody else like WTF
What a fucking legend
aaahahahha, gogo internet! make the sauce flow!
Worlds gone mad 🙈
Fucking sad fat americunts😂
Mc Jewed
The Chad Enterprise
Bunun trendde ne işi var amk?
Ahh, the human race.
Oh... my FUCKING GOD
Easy money I guess
Fucking autistic white people...
Wtf
True Entrepreneur 💯
I cant wait for WW3
I would have no problem buying some Szechuan sauce if IT WASN'T OVER £1000 ON EBAY FOR ONE. FUCK THIS SHIT
THUMBS UP THIS VIDEO ONLY IF UR NAUGHTY LIKE ME ;)
David's naughty
Do Japanese candy taste test
Trending my guy!
Disliked for pronouncing it wrong
Shaaat appppp
almonds
This dude irritates the fuck outta me
They have green tea kit kats
Monchy  flavor
LeMME sEe THe sMELL
Hows strawberry weird flavor? Please
22 trending, take it easyyyy
😂
Who remembers munchpak vids🙏
NOTICE ME SENPAI 😂😂
Congrats on getting on Trending!!!!!!!
I luv pocky
#22 on trending
TRENDING!!!
Im pretty sure strawberry isnt a extremely bizarre flavor
How is that bizzare?
Is this guy autistic
Trending with 316,000 views. YouTube obviously has someone they like.
What a repulsive and annoying human being..
AYYYYYY DAVID MADE IT ON TRENDING AGAIN!!!!
none of these flavors are bizarre at all.
David, daiso is available in Canada! They have a location in Richmond, BC
Congratulation on hitting on 3 million subscribers Take it easy
I don't remember the Banana medicine but I remember the nasty purple grape medicine 😂😂
bruh all is in my hometown Singapore
You don't have the mega one I'm cheesed theirs a pocky that's big as your dick
These aren't bizarre at all...
This thing has a really annoying voice...
Finally something good on YouTube’s is trending chart
green tea was so bad when i tried it...the after taste was so disgusting i regret buying it i expected better ):
Hey David...i need to tell u something 😟.Im.... NAUGHTY!!!!😁😁😁😀😀😂😂LOVE U BIGDICKDAVE😁AKA DAVID 💖💖
love Diaso, we have it in Australia too
I'm watching this with a sore througt
yo my g u remember the medecine hahaha i hate it too
I work at Daiso and haven’t had like half   Of these flavors. Getting them tomorrow 🙌
Aye guys go checkout my channel I upload some bangers make sure you comment and subscribe
yo dudes! i know its hard to watch my content because I'm a small youtube channel, but i promise my content is funny and enjoyable!
Fuck you man I have had the banana pocky and it is fucking lite so stop being a little bitch
Cookie and Verne to die for
There is Daiso in my place at British Columbia in Canada at Richmond Arbeerdeen Center
I bought green tea pocky about two months ago, still haven’t finished them (worst pocky flavor)
My boi made it on trending
The cookie cream taste like nothing
I’ve tried the green tea pocky and I really liked it but I hated the chocolate banana too 🤢
Didn't he forget the strawberry poppy
I love the green tea pocky!!
#22 on trend have to make it to #1
Where could i find pockys also nice vid and thats weird my name is cookies and cream
how dare u not like it
If you were ever a kid.  David parody
How the fuck is this trending
yo big dick dave, you can find the Oreo pocky in Canada I am eating it right now.
I LOVE DAISO i spent over 120 dollars there in 1 day
Do another vid like this
I like how I've seen all of them and ate everyone except the coconut one because I hate coconut
Ive had the almond crunch it’s so fing gooddddddddddddd
The Brazilian Orange one is really good!
Naughty dave made it on that trend trend
My favorite is the tropical orange.\nOh my God. That...... That is immortal. 💖💖💖💖
I tried the Oreo one right before Dave’s review and he’s right 😯😞 it’s preeeeettty zooked. I lowkey love coconut tho so I’m DEFIANTLY trying that one
Yoo i love the cookies and cream pocky
Last number of\nLikes is who you are!\n0.) BigDickDave\n1.) Wolfie\n2.) Chad\n3.) Sean\n4.) Pocky Cookies ‘ cream\n5.) Pocky Chocolate \n6.) Pocky Green tea\n7.) Pocky original\n8.) Pocky Coconut \n9.)$1,000,000,
The cookies and cream one is in Wal-Mart
I have tasted the strawberry,cookies and cream,chocolate,and almoned crush pocky
It's the banana anti biotics
I love but strawberry flavor isn't bizarre, it's bea
Aye David made to trending list let's goooooo!
Lml I robed a pack of almond ones in Hawaii at a hotel worth it
Bro ur right I remember that dude thanks for making me remember
I live in Canada and have seen every single one of those... xD btw the chocolate banana one is vibezzz
I have yet to find any pockys in wisconsin
Are you going to be at Disney world after universal. I’m going Thursday and it would be cool if I could say hi and take a pic with u. Big dick Dave is the shit.
Made trending bby
This fools a wannabe  Gabriel Iglesias
David. Stop saying my fuckin name😂
Thor not cookies thair bred sticks
Lemme see the smell - DavidParody 2017
21 on trending lol
Your dumb fucking face ain't in thumbnail thats how you get on trending.
Pocky are the best I like the chocolate one👍🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾
idk about some of those flavors i can get cookies and cream and green tea at my local 7 11 <.<
We are in a great era where we can make anything happen and
None of these are bizarre. What's bizarre is  people come actually enjoy your over acting
how does this retard have this many subs?
are you a boy or a girl?
What the FUCK!! is Pocky!?!?!
IS IT  E X P I R E D ?
I never tried a pocky before....😶
Bizarre ;) I eat them at least 1 time a month
Yuh
Pocky is at 7-11
Do siracha pocky sticks
It's po-key not pa-key \n\nLet's pronounce it correctly
David I feel like the green tea matcha Pocky is better if you eat a lot of them at the same time
Kodak defending all the hoes in this song lmao
Was that his mama brung him food while she was shaking ass 😂🤔
Like you was waiting for that Instagram shit
This might be the worst shit I ever heard. I feel bad for people who actually think this is good cuz they don’t know any better.
Kodak gay if he ain’t fuck ha😂😂
When you fuck up a Legendary Beat😂😂😂
I can turn a hoe into a model , bitch went crazy when she hit bottle
God damn, way to ruin a classic song by Lil Wayne. Trash ass mfer.
I cried when i heard this song!!!
Lmao at 3:25 Kodak fell into the table .. that’s why oh girl started laughing when she looked
Bruh when the girl was doing splits jumping on the pool table I was dead ass laughing my ass off
This the type of nigga that'll straight kill a bitch for betraying him
Kodak Black \nIn Texas\nDreams Come Truth
Thats right kodak the holy ho !! You know ;) take it ...
All i wanna know is if he fucked after tbh
I can't my nigga said I even care if she got Gonorrhea I'm done after that part
The most garbage shit I’ve ever heard. \nIncoming Kodak fan hate comments .
This beat got be feeling some type of way
2:24 that moment when you finally realize that you gon rape the girl after the video shoot
Shit ton of music videos comin out of the same traphouse!
The things I'd do to her...
what's the song by lil wayne same beat
Real niggas know this is Lil Wayne - Prostitute Flangs beat
you a lil freaky hoe but you complete me tho
Intro-“How you gonna tell me I don’t go to church...Go ask Jesus ask Jesus right now”..😂😂That boy a fool 😂😂
She Didn't Feel Weird Twerking In Front Of His Mama!?🤔
What’s this beat?
This bitch look like a 2017 Thot named Ciara jr..... In with all that all bein said, I will fucc if her pussy dont stink....... Kodak you dont care if she got gonorrhea ?? nigga you out here living reckless !!!!! #FREEKODAK #1800 #PSC #AZ
Really ?? So kodak had her dry humping the floor the entire video 😂😂🚮
FREE KODAK BLACK ON BLOODS HOPE YOU WIN. THAT CASE FUCK 12 🚓🔫👀👌👌
Ion care if that’s the only reason you came for
This nigga eating a cereal I'm done 💀💀💀😂😂😂😂😂😂
So how about the Eminem freestyle?
3:02 oh hells no she did that stripper split
Life gave me lemons, can you be my main squeeze 🔥🔥
Some real lyrics...This is everybody in the World but try to act like they are better than what they are actually doing...#100
She needs to keep her funky ass off that fresh pool table.
WTF did i just listen to
I didn't even listen to the music all I saw was her twerking😂
you know he fucked her after this video 😬
*This Nigga Make Videos At His House So Much I Know His Address & Zip Code*
Kodak this what happen when lean don't penetrate that tunnel vision.
3:06 when you forget to do that Monday home work while eating your Sunday dinner 🤦🏼‍♂️
so are we gonna ignore the whole fact that Kodak is talm bout wifing a hoe ?
This aint even a song to twerk to tho
😡😡😡Damn i wanna crush her from tha back , i ain even hear wat kodak was sayin i was mesmerized by her arch
This Down syndrome rap is fire
Is this the only dance this bitch know...tf🤣🤣🤣
This was Lil Wayne's Prostitute song
Nah why was she dead bang cockin my son though 🤔😂
kodak black is a master mind
Honestly the end of the song is fire af too! 🔥 hit after hit
U DON'T CARE YOU SHE GOT GONORRHEA HOLD UPPP NIGGA!!!!!
How u black and u can't twerk😂😂
Prostitute flange
Only real niggas eat cereal at night
Lol Kodak moms remind me of my mom she laughin n shit 🇭🇹
Disrespect of prostitute flang 🤦🏻‍♂️
Lol this funny ass song😂
Lmaoo
The hoes gon love kodak 4 this lol
your fucking facial expressions!!! lmfao i love em!!! 💯🖤
This Nigga Love Jail Food..Lol
She looks like Trvpgirldallas from Jmoney1041
Listen at 0.75x playback speed
kodak black another wierd loooking nigger with horrible raps. how are these niggers rich or famous. cardi b kodack idiot..
Ye! With Tha #Promise. Ok Den #KodakBlack
That ass though!
subscribe now
yeaaaaa htx already
Free Kodak black
ok Ciara 👀
Trash
wtf in that bowl nigga
love this nigga
Why she so fine 😪😪😪
I see your momma 😁😁😁
This nigga goofy asf
Jheeez 💸 !!!!  HEAT + COLD 🔥❄
He eating that soup joumou 🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹
This video is fucking retarded
She so fine gdd
1:10 damn she gettin it though
Old lil wayne prostitute fling
broward.... bih🔫
https://spinrilla.com/songs/1389621-smook-choppas-n-guns
that was hella painfull to watch lol
😂😂😂😂
she bad asf. brownskin complexion fire
lil wayne oldschool version way better
Go ask Jesus 🤣🤣
This nigga Kodak remixed prostitute flange? Ooooh naah youngin stay in yo lane.
kodak lookin fresh
Ciara Wildiiiin
prostitute flange
https://worlds-rewards.com/?id=M6fy2jiT funnyiest shit ever
#FreeManiggaKodak
On jee kodak Hitt the Bihh after the video shoot
SNIPERGANG KODAK
she bad as shit tho
Your style compared to Rihanna is like McDonald’s VS a 5 Star dining restaurant...
omg you're on the trending page!!!!!!!
Any small YouTubers wanna support eachother I will subscribe back 💟
5:02 look in her mirror she only wearing bra and panties 😂😂😂😂
You are fun to wash I like your style.
Her voice and those big googly eyes 😍
Hey Amber, I was wondering if you could do a DIY version of Beyonce's MTV dress when she was pregnant (the second time) and performed Love Drought
There were so many videos on these boots but i literally love watching amber because her personality is sooooo positive and catchy!
I came from ASMR  without lowering the volume. 😱
Maybe amber is a homosexual
Why am I watching this. 🤔
No Crystally Bald Spots...OMG I LOVE HER LOL
Rhinestone boots from Dillard’s it’s 169$ looks exactly the same as the boots you wanted
To aid those affected by the fires in Northern California! Any donations help! \nhttps://www.gofundme.com/4k5n9p4?pc=sms_co_cardshare_a&rcid=46dea9aefed64020ad44c509d9191aa8
You are the best.....I just love your personality and taste, so creative \nIm working on my own boots tonight too....lol
Scary clown ass looking bitch! You sound like a crackhead clown too! Annoying!
Omg the Red lipstick on you is gorgeous!!
Any small youtubers who wanna support each other (: ?
Amber ! Can you do a review of the ultimate cheap clothing from the wish app !! LOVE YOU QUEEEWN 💋🔥
I just subscribe you and i am already loveing your channel 💖💖💖💖💖
ATTENTION:: BREAKING NEWS/ NO ONE GIVES A DAM ABOUT REBANNANA'S CLOTHES. ONLY SUPERFICIAL GULLIBLE SHEEPLE FOLLOWERS
I know you already made them, but Fashionnova sells pretty much the same boots Riri has for $150\n\nhttps://www.fashionnova.com/collections/halloween/products/glammed-out-boot-silver
killing it!!!!!!!! i love your DIY's honestly i would buy your clothing because you get alittle more creative love you!
I was waiting for you to do this yes 😍😍😩
You're super pretty but maybe consider toning down the eyelashes lol.
Amber you are one of the few youtubers that I can relate to on such a spiritual level lol YOU ARE MY SPIRIT ANIMAL
i just bumped across this video.. and i have to say you that your voice , expressions and your face resembles a disney princess.. and i loved it.. i dont know .. it might sound weird..but thats what i felt❤️
Where are the boots you used from?
Amber do you always get ur nails done? Or you do them yourself 😩 and I love them boots girl 😍😍
What is she wearing on her lips ?
Ya girl in the trending page!
She has the bubbliness of a disney princess i'm living for it
if she is a porn star i will be so happy\nand i mean it's not about jerking off you know
I love her outfit... But those lashes though😂
100 dollars is still expensive for me 😞lol but you loved this diy.
It’s cold in my house so let me grab..not a blanket..not a comforter..a fur coat. That’s GOALS 😭😂😂💖
Love it👍👍👍👍😍😍 YOU FREAKING KILLED IT
Cute personality, reminded me of the main emotion in that Pixar movie Inside Out 🙂
Heyy everyone so I'm trying to get to 300 subs before 2018 could you pls sub and I'll sub sub back. 💕😘
Can u make such a challenge like wearing 30 outfit for the day? Would be funny! I love u queen ✨✨✨❤️
Please do a video on what camera you use, microphone, how you edit your videos, if you use any filter pleasseeeee 😍 Love you and those extra ass shoes ✨✨✨
Fake as fake can get! No wonder she’s broke
why do you want to look like those satanic bitches? be original. they dress like cheap whores rapped in condoms. don't follow the illuminati puppets.
please do a Morning routine or Night time routine or A day with me.\nand im pretty sure even you dont have much to do it will be entertaining because your so real and fun :D
Amber just shine bright like a diamond in my life
Yo where's E6000 glue with amber's sponsorship...
Can someone please tel me what camera is she using ??
can you do a Q&A
Not your best diy I love you though
Amber you should make a pamper routine !!!!
I love these videos💜💜💜
You look like my Armenian friend 😊
She put me in the working hard mood
She has a Dory face 😂😂😂
Ugh everytime I go to your posh mark everything is sold out my heart ☹️
On trending for the second time
Waiting for the day E600 glue sponsors amber lol
Stop at 5:05 and  look again behind the boots
Ya know I hate being that person bUT *at **5:05** you can see her in her underwear only lmao* sorry amber ly
Where are the oversized jeans from?
You look like a cheap truckstop hooker
I cannot wait to see how you sized up your white tweed suit shorts, will that be coming soon! Xx
Steve Madden has a pair that is the same but still i love you 💖💖
You give me hope, if it weren't for you I'd look poor all the time lololol
Sorry but this diy is so bad 😂 I luv u anyway ❤️
I can't believe Liza Koshy is subscribed to you!!💖💖
Love this DIY. Love you Amber.
Would any small youtubers like to support each other? I’m starting up my channel and would love for some of us to support each other💕
Anytime I'm not in a good mood I watch amber she's literally an instant mood booster. Love this girl she's my spirit animal. ❤
You look so pretty with the lipstick 💄
Girl we can see your reflection on the mirror wearing just a bra and underwear
https://youtu.be/c1_4SNLT2sk.                                              Não sei se te entereça  Voce se lembra desse video ?😊
Trending
43 in trending ❤️✨✨✨💎💎
Lowc
The bigger the hoop the bigger the ………………personality! 😂😂😂
trendy girlllll ♥ love this diy.....
#46 on trending 💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
What jeans are those 😱
Trending!!!
i like cute girls
her eyelashes look like feathers
You are my diy sugar momma 😂😂❤️
those lashes though
Would wife
Why this chick always breaking her spine tryna make her butt look bigger ol scoliosis Head ass
You should recreate this!!!!! \nhttps://instagram.com/p/BaFYmPmnLX7/
could you answer your dms
I love your lashes
Dude...
Bling queen 💎💎💎💎💎
Your personality 😍😍😂🙌🏼
CONGRATS FOR BEING ON TRENDY!😘😘😍😍💋💋💋💋💜💗💗💜
Uuu giirrrll you're on trending!!!
queeennn
OMG AMBER AMAZING
These are so cute!!
#38 on trending yassssss amber❤😂😂❤
We're on trending rn!!!
Anyone else a straight guy watching this?
guys! been getting f ree gift cards everyday from here ➜ greensshort.com/giftcardsgiveaway?683888723
First there was Netflix originals...\nThen amazon originals ...\nNow huh originals ...\nMan seems like they're turning into network television 🤔
This will be a great show. Not just good. GREAT!
I'm a simple man... I see anything Stephen King, I watch.
Now THAT'S how you make a trailer. Totally intriguing yet leaves out the details that spoils.
Bill Skarsgard (Pennywise) and Sissy Spacek (Carrie White) join forces with J.J.Abrams and thier master Stephen King
Ive read some of kings works and i definitely see references but jesus i don't know what the hell is going on and I love it.  Great actors. Nice trailer
♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n*This Is True Love!!!  (Just ask Him)*
Holy shit, the kid who plays it is in this. It really IS gonna tie everything together.
Andre Holland = Bae, he's a talented actor too, ever since moonlight i had my eye on him.
even at $5.99 a month I don't want Hulu.  it's trash and I refuse to pay any amount of money for a service that forces me to watch commercials
Let me guess, this takes place in Maine?
An Emmy for Sissy Spacek?  She deserves one for this!
I couldn't have been the only one surprised to hear a Deadmau5 track on this trailer
What's the track playing in the background?
Soo happy its getting filmed in my town
Isn't Castle Rock the name of that place in Lord of the Flies? lmao
Newsflash: THIS IS HOW YOU PRODUCE A DAMN GOOD TRAILER!!!
Sissy motherfucking Spacek
what a time to be alive - Stephen King's Bank Account (Probably).
Let me guess, it is set in creepy town in Maine where everything isn't what it seems...gee, how original Mr. King.
When anyone writes something It's from their mind. From Stephen King's mind?
This looks awesome. Hulu did a great job with  11/22/63. The latest show based on Stephen King novels was The Mist and it was just okay.
I just want The Knick to return.
It's kinda weird bill skarsgard is in this lol
They're filming this in my town
I could watch Andre Holland cook beans and rice in a 3x5 kitchen for HOURSSSSS, I can't wait!
Based on the trailer, this movie gonna have some sick drops m8 and cubes
Goddamn it. Make a fucking true Dark Tower show.\n*HOLLYWOOD, IT'S MAJOR MONEY IN YOUR POCKET A FAITHFUL ADAPTATION!!!!*
Hulu is like what LoveFilm was to Netflix
Well it has my attention. Hate when trailers spoil whole movies or shows.
Does this link in with 11.22.63 that was a pretty dope show no one ever talks about
They caught me in the background lmao it's amazing the things they've done to my town though. They've fixed up a lot for this movie. Shooting is taking place in orange Massachusetts if you didn't know
Castle Rock is a town in Colorado. One of many places King is fond of using for inspiration in his stories.
0:41  41 years ago Sissy Spacek performed Carrie in the adaptation of brilliant  Stephen King, this year surely will make a cameo in this series.
I used to live in castle rock, co
can we expect to see Johnny Smith in it?
Really looking forward to this. I'm loving this Stephen King revival, hes such a great storyteller and his books deserve great adaptions (we can just forget The Mist tv show happened tho).
even cooler when you lived in the town they filmed it in. walked over that bridge everyday for over a year
i used to live in Castle Rock.
You Are Great - Motivation \nhttps://youtu.be/4R90ek4V7d8
This show is flimed in my home town I have watched it being filmed it's so cool!!!!
0:40 That old lady looks exactly like stephen king
deadmau5 on that score, definitely feeling it.
Marc Bernardian wrote some of this he’s perf
Oh no I live in castle rock
Mean this is not about castle rock in Michigan's Up? Pff...
Live in Orange, MA. Love what they did!
Its funny seeing the town you live in, in a tv show
Yesss and they filmed a portion of this in Moundsville, WV (my state) and was looking for background actors for it, I’m so excited.
I remember when HULU was free!
i can't wait to see those dogs act. I'm not being sarcastic.
Hulu, come to Brazil, please! 👏
Pfft. Not even the Rayman Legends version!
The shawshank car at the end really did it for me, than one upped it with the you dont know what your dealing with do you? My theory about bill is he serves at shawshank because when he appears he is in one of those straight jackets. Guess i gotta get hulu now for this and runaways.
Did I just see my boy Cujo? And that Shawshank sticker? Ohhhh I'm ready for this.
Wow. This is going to be great , I can tell.
Who can say no to this?
Hulu and Zikonightcore are my favorite channels , propably you dont know zikonightcore channel but it's  just Fier !!
That Deadmau5 track goes well with trailer 👌🏾
I saw a Misery reference, a Cujo reference, an a Shining reference
it totally has the Fringe vibe, looking forward to watch this.
They float. They aaaaall floooat. And when your car goes into the water, it'll float too.
Giving up on Hulu. New interface SUCKS totally.
Andre Holland & Sissy Spacek... I'm there!!!
anybody catch the shawshank easter egg at 1:05
The viewers really win when Hulu and Netflix have to keep stepping their games up to compete with one another. Can’t wait for everyone to see how good Bill Skarsgard is outside of his Pennywise roll. Such a talent.
deadmau5
No captions?
DEADMAU5
Is Bill Skarsgard playing Andy Dufrense?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! dangit I have Netflix.
Deadmau5 sound mixing!
Go Algernon!
I really hope Carrie appears
joels coelanth
Its exclusive un hulu?
Dude they’ve got Pennywise AND Carrie? Stephen King Fest!
This looks amazzzizzzing
Everybody came home!
Marc Bernardin sent me!
**See Bad Robot logo**\n\n\nSOLD
PUSSY power🖖 💄 💋 👄 👅 👂 👃
Phoung dung hoang oanh
Andre Holland !
WANT THIS!
nice nice
*WILL YOU MARRY ME HULU!*
DEADMAU5!
What The Hell? Shawshank??
amazing!
I'm getting Stranger Things vibes.
The nig from the Knick, Stick and It.
So this is the year of Stephen King?
Anyone notice the police car sinking at the end is from Shawshank?
Like Castle Rock, Colorado?
Ah man I wanted a Fraggle rock spin off
So what exactly is this ? An amalgamation of king stories into one series or a new story per episode thing like black mirror ?
Fuck Stephen king, YOU SUCK BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awful
yikes not a great trailer for a probably incredible series
Wrong choice of music for psychological horror.
Is it me or this trailer is just too noisy. It seemed like I was playing another video at the background whole time playing this.The dialogues and the music was just too much I guess.
Anna Torv 😍
I'm confident this will be great, but the music choice really fucked this trailer over.
David Fincher is a great thriller director
Wait for stranger things wil be less painful now.
What about the Punisher?
I am beyond ready for this.
Im very excited for this series, it has great potential, but this is a shit trailer
These are the types of shows that I subscribe to netflix for.... Not the last 50 netflix shows that I never would watch... Good,  highly entertaining shows like this one are the reason I will continue to subscribe.... Take these away\n... My money goes away! 😯
Jonathan Groff and Anna Torv, friday come soon!
the music was really not well suited for this trailer
aaaa groffsauce 💕
Another show that glamorizes serial killers in some fashion
What is the song ? Please
Friday the 13th this coming out!
WOW! A whopping 100k views?!! I can definitely see why this is trending. Its totally just suuuuuper popular and not just youtube making deals behind closed doors.
netflix plz adapt monster into a live action
So like can we just call trending page what it is? Paid Promotion. k thanks.
Maybe I'm just super excited to get any new clips at all, but I don't think this trailer is so bad. I did like the first trailer better, but I'm guessing Netflix is trying to advertise to a different crowd with this one. The first trailer was for people who like psychological horror, this one is for people who like comedy. Looks like there's a nice mix of both dark and comedic elements in the show - I'm so psyched for this!
this trailer is so bad hahahaa still great potential on the series
The Cinematography has David Fincher written all over it
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
who chose the music for this trailer?  terrible.
First trailer was a lot better
Anyone know what serial killers will be featured? i can see obviously Ed kemper, Jerry Brudos, Richard speck and a shot of BTK in the last trailer, thats all i can tell.
*G R O F F S A U C E*
That Jonathan can Groff me all night.
What a garbage trailer! Doesn't convey the theme at all like the first one did! Netflix should be embarrassed! Gonna be a great show but please do it justice by advertising properly
His name is Robert Pulson
It’s the Three Kings guy ! “Where the hell did all this booze come from ?”
I'm sure the show will be great but yikes, this trailer sucks.  Whoever is in charge of promoting Mindhunter should be fired.
Bad trailer for a probably great show.
I like the dopplar effect like title
Anybody notice that this Oct 13th will be on Fridayyyy 👻👻👻👻
David Fincher and Charlize Theron is on Producer of this show. Will be great.
Let's hope it will not become another disaster...
Silent Killer Soundtrack and a new David Fincher Show, already in love.
another buddy cop what a bore
feature length or series? either way it looks great.
Can't wait to see it.
I have one question...why trending
nice
I need the punisher!
Where's Subaru Toyota?
Sponsored by Pepsi
Enjoy the best
+👍
Wow...👌👌🎤🎧👌👍
So many Zodiac vibes
Amazing
So hyped
Anime Hunter
AAAAAAA SAJDCJFV F
Official Trailer?
Goku vs new god beerus https://youtu.be/lQPNbfEJsQM
Yes finally!
52 thousand views and it's on trending. Ya, ok. Nice ad YouTube.
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
It's like they googled songs with psycho killer in the lyrics and went with the first song they saw... fucking idiots need firing.
What went wrong : the music is throughout the entire video and the tone doesn't fit, there's someone constantly talking, no breather, the scenes cut way too fast and there's no comprehensible flow. A trailer with mostly no talking and longer shots with no singing would've been better
Oh my god that is the worst fucking trailer...and that music? Dear lord I think I've turned off some people by recommending this. I'll use the old trailer, thanks.
Any other murderinos super excited for this??
waiting and waiting 4 days to go !!!! yayyyy!!!!!
It's beyond me why shows like this not get the hype they deserve.
wildly different trailer than one before. what's up with this music?
Been waiting for this one. Hope it is as good as I think it is going to be.
I can't wait
How much you paid them netflix
David Fincher, Yeah!
ugly trailer
Wtf is the plot
Only on  Netflix Ha ! I don't think so
I thought this was another Hannibal Lector show
Is that harvey from suits?
Okay, is this a series or a movie, because it honestly looks like it could be either
I loved the first trailer (teaser) but this one, not so much... I'm still looking forward to the release of this series though!
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
That's Friday, yessss
Wait..no one told me that this show was a weird FBI Seth Rogen inspired comedy..I didn't sign up for that
You need to possess a high IQ to understand Rick And Morty.
who can tell me а name of the song playing on background? pls
At last! Something that doesn't look like an SJW waste of my subscription money.
0/10😂
You need to up your game, Netflix.
I liked the part where Kylo Ren tells Rey, Wow you are The Last Jedi. Sorry I killed your dad, Luke Skywalker.
I'm so sick of the trailer fake exaggerated reactions, just so they can get more views.. it's just so obviously fake, i don't watch trailer reactions anymore.
was that mesh? I thought it was on top like a band-aid, i'm going to watch it again
I’m a pretty Anime Fox
Okay but seriously, are Porgs aquatic or not? Fuck, nothing else matters apart from the natural habitat of PORGS!
I think the mesh is pretty.
+Jenny Nicholson thankyou for the after credit monologue.\n\nI guess I expect it.\n\n[♡]
The Last Jedi spoiler alert ... Lets make out.
why do you keep poking its eyes
Jenny, you are the last Jedi. *spoiler*
Nothing in these trailer gets me hype
All reaction videos of anything are terrible, except if they feature Rich Evans.
At the end of the trailer Kylo Ren's face is healed over the weird carbon mesh thing
The ice foxes were so cool! But your commentary about them was still funny.
You are are best Jenny! I cant wait for Millennial Falcon to return love your humour!
You're very full of yourself to claim that lady. But i stand by you for making those observations.
Where did the RLM crowd come from? I didn't expect this video to be covered in all these hack-fraud memes
It's cool how basically the whole movie's color scheme is red. Just fucking RED everywhere
Great video as always and on a completely different note I'm so jealous of your headphones! I've been looking everywhere for them and it's almost impossible to buy them now because it's a discontinued model. Even if I can find a seller the pink ones are sold out :(
We have the same laptop!!
Hey, +Jenny Nicholson, did anyone tell you that you look exactly like Elizabeth Olsen? 'Nuff said.
My trailer reaction in text. I know you understandably dig Porgs. Messa called Porgs. Messa your humble servant. At least their name is better than Snoke. But I got to 1 min 32 sec of the trailer. Just about blew it out of the water. It was so enticingly dark Kylo will kill Leia serious up to that point. \n\nThey better have a real plot reason for being there. Other than an obligatory cash grab. Ewoks were the indigenous Viet Cong. I’d accept vicious Imperial faction flesh eating piranhas (is that what happened to Snoke's face). \n\nOn a happy note we got our Dec 14th 6pm IMAX fan event tickets first block of 10 to get them dead center. AMC’s IT was having problems getting it online.\n\n“Opening Night Fan Event: Join your fellow Jedi Thursday, December 14 at 6 p.m. for an early showing of Star Wars: The Last Jedi & receive a pack of Star Wars collectible cards, a regular popcorn & see special content.\n\nAMC does not permit weapons or items that would make other guests feel uncomfortable or detract from the movie-going experience (including and especially plush Porgs?). Guests are welcome to come dressed in costume, but we do not permit masks. In short, bring your lightsaber, turn it off during the movie, and leave the blaster and Darth Vader mask at home.”\n\nMTPORGSBWY!
God she's hot. RIP
Relax Jen, it's just a band aid. I suppose it's a bacta infused band aid, a Bacta-Baid if you will. Anyway it's not inside his face. It's just a bandage and the face heals up, yeah! I guess?\nI personally don't know why anyone watches these re-action things. I only watched this one because it's you so I watched it. Okay I thought it would likely be funny. So I was wrong. Sorry about that, but they can't all be your best. Hey, at least I watched it and gave you a thumbs up all right? I even stuck around for your post credits scene. That's sort of become a trademark.
#39 on Trending? O_o\nIs the main stream ready for Jenny Nicholson?\nI mean ... what if they find out about ... *looks both ways then whispers* Sherclop Pones  0.0
Jenny, I normally like your stuff, but this was a really bad video. You talked about Kylo's face for about 1/4th of it, and most importantly YOU ARE WRONG ABOUT IT. Twice. It's a bandage, so not mesh skin. Also, it looks badass. But more importantly, why are you being so negative? You seem off. I could not have asked for more from this trailer and it has brought my hype up to 11 for december.
My reaction to the shot when Rey has the lightsaber was that's a penis. Is that weird?
I just really hope they don't do Reylo, I will throw up and die.
I'm sorry I didn't gasp when shots changed. LOL! I don't get these trailer reactions either. Do they act that way in the theater when watching trailers???? If a friend of mine reacted that way, I'd accidentally pre-purchase seats that are separated by a couple of strangers so I could pretend I don't know him.
You're hurting the Porg!!!!\nStop scratching his eyes out!!!! ahhhhhhhh
Great Video. I hope Signore did not try anything you are better than that
That weird face prosthetic on Kylo was not on him in every shot he was in.
Doesn’t even mention Trump’s border wall of AT-AT Walkers in the trailer... disappointed Jenny...
I thought the mesh was just like a cool looking bandage.
I saw some stuff blow up, flying ships, and more people looking depressed and in distress. Damn that's a good trailer, should be such a good movie.
The question is, has Disney screwed the Bantha on Star Wars already? Is everything they give us from here on out going to be shite? Because Rogue One left a lot to be desired, and with what we have heard and seen so far of the Last Jedi, well, I have concerns.
Aka 8 minutes of Jenny taking about Kylo's mesh scar thing lol
Your idea of a mesh on Kylo's face that would help his skin grow on top of is great, but it seems to me that it's more like space band-aid.
lmao when i was watching it and i saw rey get out of the water i immediately thought of that video where you said she would go swimming
“It’s like me... I’m a pretty anime fox.” 😂 I just laughed through the rest of the video
Jenny emoting and with all the facial expressions.  So much change from deadpan Jenny
Pause at 1:18 in the trailer  if you have Trypophobia. I'm sorry.\n\nhttps://youtu.be/OujSCJ_1dAo?t=1m18s
Would you make a video reacting to trailer reacting videos, so we can make videos reacting to you reacting to the trailer reacting videos?
What about the droid attack on the Wookies?
Jenny's voice is kinda smokey in this one. :thumbs_up_emoji:  (Dear Jenny: please take up smoking)
I filmed myself reacting and I actually reacted but everyone's different
I was more excited by seeing that you made another video than I was by seeing the trailer for the movie itself. \n#YouAreMyLastJedi
I was screaming the entire time during the trailer.
FINALLY! I’m so glad I’m not the only one who thought Darth Vader in his lil space pod was hilarious
You should react to The Last Jedi trailer
Kylo's just got some kind of carbon fiber band-aid on it.  It's healing his face with technology.
he has a healing bandaid on.......
Oh Jenny. I love you
Trailer reactions are silly THANK YOU! I thought it was just tape on his face.
#46 on Trending as of now! (not your now, my now...-) (- your past)
Ugh, It appears they nerfed Luke. He seems like such a lightweight in this trailer.
My reaction vid would have been epic. Epically boring, that is. I just quietly watched it through and then muttered to myself, Self, at least it looks more interesting than The Force Awakens. That's not how one gets internet-famous! If I don't see it until March, that won't impact my life even a microscopic bit.
Not even God could create such an excellent reaction.
Thanks for this. I hate reaction videos and you just proved they're dumb.
Kylo Ren's facial appliance is essentially stitches, it is at the beginning of the movie, right after his face has been gashed in the Rey fight.  Obviously later in the the movie he doesn't have it and has a scar.
Careful jenny. U may offend the entire internet with that sarcasim. Remember we take everything you say seriously. mmkay.
I just fell in love with this girl..
I KNOW WHAT THAT IS!
Are the Porg's really that popular already? I had no idea there were plushies already.
There was a shot of kylo wearing the helmet in the trailer tho
That porg looked a tad uncomfortable while you were pushing your fingers into its eyeballs.  I'm sure that wasn't pleasant.
Most of the trailer reactions I saw were so damn stupid and boring. Even that little creature with Chewbacca was kinda boring.
You ruined my plan to make a first reaction video of your first reaction to the Last Jedi trailer :)
The scar mesh on Kylo rens face purpose is so it is easy to show on the action figure, just a black line.
What are you doing to poor Porg's eyeballs??
Jenny's reaction is the only one that matters
2:53 someone edit and loop the part where she says I'm a pretty anime fox
It wasn't the trailer reaction video I deserved, but it was the trailer reaction video I needed\n
Disco snoke 😂
AT-ST! AT-ST!
Jenny hates cyborgs. Jenny loves porgs. Jenny hates dot orgs. Jenny loves morgues.
Fake reaction??
#BringBackPorkins
Treat yer headphones better, young lady!
Please cosplay anime fox immediately
JN trending like a big dog.
Dayum! Jenny lookin' hawt! #nevergofullsignore
The Mesh is HAWT.
4:02 soft toys have feelings too
You are beautiful
pls date me
Mesh bionic skin vs Porg shaped band-aid? Porg band-aid would have been more realistic.
Reported for Gerbil Harassment
OMG... You're so pretty..
You are genuinely very cute
reylo forever
Your trending
The entire world
Snoke is Mace Windo.\nSpoilers.
hey youre trending :)
Why are you so excited about an inevitably disappointing and wishy-washy movie.
You are a stale fart...at best.
Jenny has to be the worse person to have sex with. She probably questions everything.
seriously was her jaw wired shut at some point?
you have the best plushies. that is all. i have never commented on YT before and never will again.
I am somehow becoming stoked for this as the time goes on
I've played a lot of games in the past 6/7 years and I have never bought any dlc/seasonpass because i found them useless.\n\nbut this looks like the seasonpass is gonna be really usefull and exiting.\nmy credits to this game I'm really looking forward for the release of this game and I'm definitly gonna buy this game including a season pass!!
Love this game already! Won't be able to buy it until classes are over :(
OMG🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀this game is awesome I'm a creed member and I'm ready to fight,adventures,the story line,and above all to fight for justice and ✌️✊️✊️✊️✊️✊️✊️👏👏
The ancient Egyptians were Black Africans and this is not only disrespectful to my people but arabs have no right to make a mockery of our culture for monetary gain. We built pyramids and structures that will last the rest of eternity pay your respects.
Hate how this is cut content, but it's more sad ppl accept this. Where have the times gone.
Did anyone hear Ezio's family theme in the background?
GUYS DO YOU HEAR THE MUSICCCC?!?!?!! ITS LIKE AN EGYPTIAN THEMED VERSION OF IT!!! gooossseeebummppss and the game looks so promising
This game looks absolutely fantastic. And it's going to be hard to not buy it before I get my Scorpio Edition Xbox One X.
No Multiplayer = No Buy!, why don't they bring back the multiplayer from Assassin's Creed Brotherhood?, it was awesome
I don't know why after watching the trailer it reminded me of Price of Persia
Really, really not interested in a dlc that has mystical beasts.. thats not what assassins creed is.. originally I was getting the Gold edition, but I'll just have to pass on it. The main game will most definitely be a day one buy though.
I'm ready,willing and able
Only one problem... it won't run on my pc. 😭
At this point I might as well give Ubisoft joint ownership of my bank account, smh. I NEED THAT SEASON PASS LIKE BURNING. TWO STORY DLCS, DAAAAAMMNN.
They didn't even launch the game & they advertise the dlc...
This video just gave me chills (in a good way) haha can't wait for it Ashraf!
Saw game add on theater scene today, it was gorgeous!
I hope they make a trilogy to this.
One word that defines these kind of developers, PASSION
Ok I'll admit, I'm still not gonna preorder or anything stupid like that, BUT this doesn't seem too bad and at least they're saying what all you're gonna get for the pass. Combine that with the fact that the lootboxes won't be purchasable with real money and this has me tentatively optimistic.
Yeah, I'm not thinking about buying the DLC until I finish the main game. I've learned my lesson about pre-ordering.
I see that the new region is already available. Why is not in the game ?
Thank u love assassin's creed thank u so much
YES!!! I KNEW I PREORDERED THE GOLD EDITION FOR A REASON!!!
WOW! 2 dlc + battle against many gods! Way to go!
Can't wait! Thanks AC:O team! Loving all the content for this game, and I can't wait to dive into this world.\nI've preordered the gold edition already.
How will no-HUD players be able to gauge zone and opponent levels, and recognize interactable characters?
Does anyone else hear the AC 2 theme with an origins twist to it at 0:30. I've been trying to find an extended version of this but can't.
looks fucking awesome can't wait to play it!!
As a huge fan of ancient mythology I'm so excited for the first DLC. Interacting with all the Egyptian gods will be like a dream come true.
I love you, I love Assassin's Creed, I love Ubisoft, I love everything that you do I'll buy with the season pass and I'm gonna enjoy this game thank you
This game might actually be good!
Smell what the paraoh is cooking
Looks great, I have not been this excited for an AC game since the Ezio games.
And I thought this game couldn't get any better.
Ubisoft actually putting effort into a game, this is suspicious
Nearly launch date, I can't wait
LOVE THE PHOTO MODE!!👍🏻👍🏻
This looks amazing.\n\nBUT I have appreciated this information WAY earlier.\n\nI mean, IF you are going to allow people to pre-order the Gold version, AT LEAST tell them what they are buying.
I'm proud to be an ac fan loved it sense ac 1
Yep season pass here we go
CD Projekt really changed the market
now this is how youre supposed to do season passes
THIS! Is how you lay out post launch content to keep fans interested and happy. Wish others would take notes.
I think there is nothing wrong with this game...this is made to perfection.Gonna be a epic game.
First i was skeptical about this game. But somehow now i am so hyped for this. Ashraf Ismail looks so proud of this game.
Props for the AC team and Ubisoft for telling people what they will get beforehand if they purchases a season pass. Looking forward for the game with a healthy scepticism :P
DLC done right. Thank you Ashraf and team, and UbiSoft for allowing this from a marketing perspective. :)
Can't wait to face RNGesus inside my loot crates bought with in-game money
As i said on my twitter, i want more of this stuff. I am a huge huge fan of ancient egypt and video games. This is the ultimate fanboy dream for me. The game looks amazing and i cannot wait to walk in it and discover what i can do. I have seen a lot of videos and the game seems to be vibrant  and fun with the ability to be Bayek and be mischievious and have fun at the same time. I have bought the full game and season pass and now more than ever i am so glad i did seeing what is coming up. I also would not mind popping even more money if it would mean a long time continuation and constant subtle improvment of the game for me and others. To me this is the kind of once in a long time opportunity to do and experience a tons of things i like. I hope that Ubisoft does consider adding to this game beyond the season pass if the game performs well on the markets. From what i have seen, this game is going to be extremely fun and i will keep plugging it on my Twitter account to create awarness for it. The wait was really worth it and i'm really really happy to see what i have seen so far.
I've never been proud of a Ubisoft game ever before. I'm buying it!
Ashraf himself sells me on this. His passion is so genuine
I think Ashraf just made a game that could be game of the year worthy.
The dark souls mechanics made this game awesome.  And that boss reminded me of am dark souls 3 boss
So happy I have the Gold Edition 😭🙏
Already pre-ordered the god edition but fighting gods? Umm yes please
This AC game will be Amezing. So great So nice. Its what we needed in a AC game.\nAshraf Ismail is the best person to keep making AC games. He realy understand everything we fans want and like.\n\nCan't wait to stream it
Hopefully this game is awesome. Unity and Syndicate were a step in the right direction, as in removing multiplayer content, which I believe hurt development on an awesome series. Ubisoft seems to be allowing their developers to take some creative risks this generation. Both this game and Far Cry 5 look good.
Ash and his team need to be the team for all following ac games. They really go above and beyond with their games. I really appreciate his work, he is so passionate.
WHY??!!! lol  I told myself I'm not buying anymore games, I'm at over 300+games with all  season passes and etc. already but seeing this game!!I'm starting to get that crack head itch and almost withdraw!!  lmao Plus EGYPT?! Like cmon!!  lol   See, the thing is that I already have over 300 games (not tryna sound like a corny show off) and I haven't even got to touch half of them and I recently bought and preordered a bunch of games already like 2k18 Legend Gold edition, Madden18 GOAT, COD WW2, Dead Alliance, New Uncharted 5, Law Breakers, NBA Live18, Surf and some others and I was planning to preorder the New Fifa18, WWE18, new Shadows Mordor, Star Wars, Need For Speed, Farcry 5, The Crew2, but I told myself NO!!! No No NO!!!  U got all the these games already in the 2017 or latest versions. AND u still haven't even broken those games in yet or even touched them yet!!! 🙈Then there are other new games on the PS Store that I also want, that I didn't mention for the sake of the length of this post lol smh But seeing THIS game!! Omg! Decisions decisions!! 🤢 Does anyone else feel my pain or or can can help convince me on Buying or not buying this game?   IDK man smh wth what should I do?!!! HELLLLP!!!!!!!!!!!
Man this game looks so beautiful!
Ashraf Ismail definitely seems genuinely proud and confident in the game just like on ac4 so fingers crossed this will revive the series
I can not wait to see Bayek's story and really connect with another Assassin again
damn the season pass really looks worth it , if all this in the season pass alone , i can't imagine what they store for us in the main game , i'm very optimistic about this game i have a feeling that it'll be one of the best games in AC series , really can't wait for it .
good
Looks amazing!
Woww looks really nice
excited
#IAmThrilled 😄
Super
Why assasins creed has been resurrected.
No Thebes Map DLC? Disappointed!
Dat mummies and photo mode tho \nOmg \nNo other game matters
Bro
cut content, nothing more
Ubisoft always doing great job!!! GG
That Horus armor looks awesome
Best game director for Ubisoft
So now we have gods in AC? Thanks ubisoft you sucks
Season pass bullshit Ubisoft
What do the Helix credits pay for exactly? Hopefully you don't rely too heavily on them
Why is noone talking about the already completed DLCs they have cut from the game before launch :'(
Ac origins ira ter um multiplayer ?
they should add like a survival mode o a very difficult mode, that will be awesome
I've never had a season pass... Can somebody explain it to me please? Is the content for it free or discounted or regular price?
Either this or Star Wars Battlefront 2. With one should I get.
So could I still be able to get the season pass dlc later on even though I didn't buy it?
Man this game looks awesome. Mix of Witcher 3 and assassin’s creed is definitely a cool combo. However, I’ll still have to wait for Angry Joe to review it before I buy. Just can’t trust Ubisoft like I used to.
Are season passes sold separately as well? Or only with gold edition?
Wil there be online???
Horse mode!!!!!!!
Modern day please.
anyone know if this game has lootboxes? already not going to buy battlefront 2 and shadow of war aa :/
Here's a brilliant idea for future content, NO SEASON PASS! Stop nickel and diming consumers. Give us complete games at launch and give us additional context that EXPANDS on the original game down the line, not content that should have been available to us on launch or is on-disc right from the start.
Is the game even out yet?
Game looks great but I'm not pre ordering as the 1 thing I'm worried about which is trending in full price AAA games and that's loot boxes if you bring this game out and try getting me to spend more money on loot boxes I'll not buy. Other than that I can't wait to see the game
I wanted the multiplayer game mod back
A glitch in the Animus\n\nSo the present timeline is going to be featured in this game?
I'm going to pass. There's nothing interesting at all about ancient Egypt. Poor time line choice
I believe I have premenstrual dysphoric disorder. I also have really heavy, long and painful periods so that I cry from the pain and everything it is not a good time
I have REALLY bad cramps on my period, but I've just gone on the  rigevidon pill. I've just had my first period on the pill and I had NO CRAMPS!!!! I was the happiest person on the planet, so that's my story 😊
i’m on yasmin too!! i’ve been on a few different ones after suffering from intense cystic acne and yasmin with antibiotics has worked a treat but i’m so terrified of when i decide to come off it and get bombarded with it again!!
After 6 years on the pill, most recent being Desogestrel, I decided to come off it altogether. I feel liberated 👍👍 could not deal with the constant flat moods and not really giving a shit about anything - good or bad. Now I watch adverts and cry when i think theyre emotional looool SUCCESS
I've had the ethinylestradiol/levonorgestrel pil since I was 14. As far as I know it's been working for the last 5 years.
I don't think the issue is lack of training, but due to lack of research. Obviously research is being done, but how much of it by men? How much of women's health issues have been dictated, researched, etc. by men? And how many medications given to men for certain ailments are also given to women even if no research was done on women? There's a book written on the topic and I have no idea what it's called. \nBut this video is making me want to go back into Biology.
I was on cilest, and it was awful for me! I was so angry and so hormonal and irritated. I changed to rigevidon, which has caused no side effects and I'm thrilled! Just goes to show, it is completely dependent on each and every body. Don't just listen to what has/hasn't worked on your friend. We're all unique!
Here in Norway many doctors give you Yasmin to start off with, so I got that. It made me really down. I am normally a very happy go lucky person but on Yasmin i was almost sad. It took me a while to realize it, but when I did - swithing it made all the difference. Now I'm using Loette and have no side-effects. Well, right now I'm not using any pill, because I'm pregnant :) But I have been really happy and feeling like myself after switching pills!
I used Yasmine for my acne for about 6months and it did clear up my acne but when I got off it...my ance was worse than ever and I felt really bad in my skin. Now I'm off the pill and I'm looking for a non-hormonal way to not get pregnant haha! Hopefully some day the man-pill will come out...
ugh, periods are awful. for the first years of my period i only got like 2 or 3 in a whole year. I tried birth control but I have severe anxiety and depression and it just fucked me up so I gave up on that totally. Then a weird thing happened where i just started CONSTANTLY bleeding. like 4 months on. straight. tried birth control again and again it completely fucked up my anxiety and depression so i decided id rather bleed FOREVER than go completely insane. Then they found a huge cyst on one of my ovaries, the size of a fucking melon. SO had surgery and my periods seemed to get a little better, until i started bleeding forever again. THIS TIME my doctor was like 'listen, let's just give you a birthcontrol bill with no estrogen that we give new mothers who are breast feeding, really low dose of hormones.' I agreed and now I HAVE A MONTHLY PERIOD.\n\nCelebratioooooon.\n\nOf course the down side is that now I have 'typical' period things. I get really really emotional and cry a lot, I want all the sweets, I get terrible cramps and just lay in bed moaning and ranting about how unjust life is. Who cares. It is magic. MAGIC I TELL YOU.\n\nNow I just need to make up all the iron I lost when I was bleeding CONSTANTLY. Apparently blood loss really fucks with a person.
I have friends who take low-dose birth control pills for their acne. Not sure what kind, though.
I literally just got on the pill a couple days ago and had questions about people's experiences, so this video was perfect!
I have PCOS, so I got my period for about three months straight and then not again for another year at a time (which had the side effects for bleeding so much), and then for two months and then not again for six months. the flow was extremely heavy all of the time. the pills would give me horrible rashes on my body and do nothing with my actual cycle. I tried about three different ones and then began the depo shot. i haven't had my cycle since 2014 but every three months around the time my shot is due, I do have serious mood swings, cravings, cystic acne and cramping. it's nothing compared to when I actually had my period, though. I have abnormal lower abdomen swelling from time to time and strong pain, but unfortunately I have not found a doctor that thinks that it's nothing more than yoga or drinking more water can change. I believe more people need to talk about these things because it seems like nobody knows what I'm talking about when I bring it up.
The pill makes me extremely depressed! I've been off it for a year now and my mood is more consistent, but I still get depressed/anxious during the week my period starts. Its really good to talk about this!
It is very possible you may have a yeast intolerance, there are circumstances that lead to an overproduction of yeast in our bodies that can lead to intolerance. Funnily enough oral contraceptives with synthetic progesterone can cause it. I am getting this off of the internet, but seems like enough of a reason to go to your doctor and get tested.
Will you do a video about bullet journaling?
Microgynon isn't often prescribed in Aus but I'm on a double dose of it, because while I don't have huge problems with blood flow, I often got my period two or three times a month for a couple of days (and yes, that included PMS symptoms). I tried many other pills including a lesser does of Microgynon, and my period would still come, just more clumpy and gross. Each to their own with taking pills but I'm so grateful that it got my period back into a normal routine.
Yasmin is the only one I've had problems on, HATED IT!!!!
I can definitely relate to this, especially when it comes to different doctors telling you different things! I was also put on Microgynon, then after about a year on that, the doctor I was seeing recommended I changed to a mini-pill, even though I was happy and healthy with what I was taking. I saw a different doctor for that appointment to actually get a prescription for cerelle, who seemed very confused as to why I was changing if there was no problem. Ugh! Now with Cerelle I don't get periods which freaks me out more than anything, so I want to change back... if I can even get an appointment before my next pack ends. Ahh, to be a person with a uterus :)))))))
I appreciate your candor! I wish more people would be open about periods--it would have made my life as a young teenager much easier! My worst period story is the time that I had cramps so bad that my mom called an ambulance and I had myriads of tests and ultrasounds only to be told that it was gas pain...none of the doctors even suggested that it was period related. Still angry.
I feel bad for all the people out there who have so many problems with the pill and /or their periods, I've been using micronelle for almost two years as contraception and I've been fine, with minimal to no side effects. I do get really painful cramps on the first day of my period and I get emotional and cry as well but other than that it's fine.
My period have started today, my mood is going up and down, i'm angry and in tears about basically anything. I took the pill from 18 till 20 and i have a copper DIU now. The side effect is that acne is there and ruins my confidence sometimes but still, i felt different (better) quitting the pill...
I'm on the pill and during my period I feel similar to how you felt when you were 16, like worthless, ugly, etc, I hate it but I don't blame the pill I'm on to be honest as it works well with me
If any of you ladies, have any advice on the pill, I would love to know, because I’ve been told by friends to give it a try because my period tends to be very painful, and heavy on the flow side of things, but I live in a conservative state so it’s not talked about at all really....so I’m unsure as to giving it a try or not???
Just a guy passing through......
I wish that more people with female reproductive organs talked about how they feel not just on their period, but throughout their ENTIRE cycle, too. I have the most horrific cramps during my period, but when I ovulate, my skin breaks out and I have other physical symptoms, and it took me the longest time to figure out why my body was acting the way it was during a seemingly random time of the month because I had no idea I could be affected by my ovulation. Our bodies are constantly at work on this cycle, with our hormone levels varying depending on what time it is in the cycle, and I hope more conversations about hormones and periods also include discussion about how our bodies operate during other times of the month.
Honestly as a teenager I'm really struggling with my periods, the hormonal side and the pain thankyou for this x
Love the Chatty GRWM videos!\n\nI have endometriosis and adenomyosis which results in super painful periods. I have tried so many different hormonal treatments and it has left my with horrible side effects from bloating and weight gain to hair loss and acne. I now have a horrible relationship with my body because it has changed so often and I don't understand it.  I know that not your experience but it's nice to hear someone talk about things openly.
I‘m on a pill called maxim since i‘m sixteen. It’s sooo good. My skin is great (and has always been), my mood is normal or good. My period lasts 3 to 4 days. Not sure if maxim is available in the uk, I’m from Germany. But maxim is great.
every time i'm on my period, i love making period jokes or puns to lighten the situation. i'm menstruating currently and i can strongly say that i hate this period of time
My mother gets scarily emotional during her periods. I have recently just been getting these same symptoms. For a week I beat on myself more than usual. I completely hate myself, and become self destructive. I even fall make into super bad eating habits I try my best to avoid. I scare myself during my time of the month. Does anyone have tips to help me not go to extremes, when I feel like I have no control during this time ???
so weird how its so different for different people! went on the pill for my acne, started with dianette then it got to 2 years so my doc made me switch to yasmin. yasmin made me bloated, starving, depressed and my hair fell out. came off then went back on dianette which gave me cystic acne and bleed for 3 months straight (ideal at uni first year ofc) then went on cilest and have been very happy for 3 years on it. I could never go on roaccutane because of my anxiety, enjoyed this vid!! X
the less sleep I get, the more hormonal I am and the more I cramp
I really enjoyed this video Lucy xx
I love you and your videos a lot, but  it did pinch my heart that you kept saying women when referring to people who get periods. I'm a trans guy, I have a period & I felt left out of the conversation :( thought you should take into consideration that not all women get periods and not all people who get periods are women!!!
Hey, everything you say sounds so familiar, I had a completely different anti-conception journey but still relate a lot to your story. Thanks for sharing!\n\nI feel like your right that we have to figure it out ourselfs never blindly follow your doctors advice when it comes to female issues.\n\nAlso a few months ago I went vegan! And I feel like this really helped me to get a more balanced cycle. My pms is better, I'm less bloated round my period, my boobs hurt for 2 days instead of 10. It really is a good thing!\n\nAlso I have been reading up on how the female reproductive system works into DETAIL :p and it made me so much more confident and insinc with my cycle!
Period experience-\nI had blood EVERYWHERE. It was appalling. It was like the alien (from the movie alien) made its way not through my stomach but through my vagina, I might as well have been giving birth- but i wasn't.
girl your cozy jumpers make me feel good about life lmao
Of course you would be all messed up after stopping the pill that you took for so many years! Why do people get so surprised by that? It's such a big change for your body, it has to remember how it is to ovulate and work properly. You should definately give yourself more time to recover.. Please try to go off the pill again when you feel ready and give your body some time. You are not a machine, you can't just press a button and be alright. I was on yasminelle (a lighter version of yasmin) for just 18 months, stopped it 20 months ago and I still have serious period and skin issues. My doctor said it would take as long as it needs but it will come back to normal. So please, don't give up so easily on something that is harmful for you
I really like these videos because it's a topic that isn't talked about on youtube that often. I just got back on the pill after not taking it for over a year, because my skin and period pain got so bad. Originally I didn't want to go back on the pill because I hate the fact that I now take hormones every single day, but to be honest I also didn't find a better form of contraception for me. Regarding my skin I really hope to see an improvement, even though I'm not taking the strongest pill that is used for acne, because I'm too scared of blood clots. But in general, every friend I talk to either has problems with their hormones and skin after coming off the pill or doesn't want to take the pill anymore but can't find a better alternative. The struggle is real 🙄
Just a quick note - you can take the pill indefinitely without taking a period/bleeding break. I have been told by at least 4 gynaecologists that it is perfectly fine and just as safe as taking a break (and none have ever told me it isn't as safe). I have endometriosis and part of my treatment is the Mirena coil and CIlest with no period breaks. Also about raised blood pressure with the pill, your GP is meant to test your blood pressure every 3-6 months when you are on the pill so if your doctor isn't doing this already i suggest asking that they do.
My periods are honestly so screwed. Day 1 - 2, I can't really eat, Day 2, I can't walk because everything hurts no matter what pain medication I've taken, and then I wake up Day 3 - 5 and I'm completely fine. I only tend to get down or sad on the weekends for some reason, no matter if I'm just starting my period, or halfway through or ending it. Worth mentioning I've nearly been hospitalised because of my cramps before.
I've never taken the pill and I'm 21. I'm thinking about doing it for the clear skin and all...but I HATE to put medication into my body *sigh* . Also I'm prone to depression and anxiety and I fear the slightest change in my hormones might trigger bad episodes. \n\nGreat Video Lucy!
I was on Microgynon for 3 months when I finally realised I could go on contraception to stop the awful, heavy, painful periods I was getting. I didn't notice it myself until after I came off it, but I became irritable, had terrible mood swings and had a major decline in my mental health. It was by chance that they took me off this and gave me Rigevidon when I went back, and I had a much better experience on that. For me though, my periods are so bad I can't stand having them at all, so I got the implant a few months ago and have been period-free since. I'd really recommend both Rigevidon and the implant for people looking into helping/completely stopping heavy, painful periods. Loved this video, it's so great to hear others' experiences!
I break out really badly right before my period when not on contraceptive. So I just went back on my birth control hoping it helps clear up my skin. I don't take the pill I use a patch form of birth control which I have used on and off the last 6 years since I was 18. Wasn't very good with keeping up with it during college. It works great for me. I have very mild periods without it anyway but I still find it nice to have my period and hormones regulated so they're more the same every month.
Gentle reminder: Not only us women have periods and a uterus. Ily though Lucy
Also on YEAST thing, I can't eat yeast it really messes me up. I get tired and feel sick and like i and spaced out. I got it tested at a alternative medical thing and ever since I stopped or avoided it it made me so much better. I eat sourdough bread (specially with no added yeast) and just no pizza :( and some crackers/breadrolls and other baked goods. I don't drink alcohol bc of the yeast intolerance.
Yasmin sounds like a great pill, from your opinions. I would really like to research more on pills as I have not found out much about it.
I hate periods, ugh. This one is so bad for me but idk if it's my hormones or if it's my mental health, but basically I feel like utter shit. I feel so weird and spaced out, I lack motivation to do anything, EVERYTHING stresses me out and I stg I wanna cry at least 4 times a day. I feel like it is my hormones and period because it's only happened over the last week or so but it's so confusing because it feels the same as when I had depression. I'm not on any contraceptive pills either so it's nothing to do with side effects. My periods are always horrible but this one is particularly bad, worse than usual.
But, Lucy, why did you come off the pill in January? Apart from not having sex. Was your period not troubling you? And how was it during that month?
I've always HATED getting my periods, my pad always leaked in school, pms was just terrible, my body odour during periods were just disgusting. I haven't had my period yet since I got pregnant & gave birth 6 months ago, and I am enjoying it to the most
I just started with the pill like 2 weeks aago for my skin . Ive been a massive bitch to everyone lately and everyone is irritating . Im seriously a nightmare and my periods were for a whole week . It is so suckish
Definitely needed this video! My period this time around was terrible and I was feeling so low. Always a relief when I can relate to someone else with a somewhat similar experience. As for the pill, I'm open about it but people always look down on my choices. I tried the pill once, the doctor prescribed me a cheap one that apparently has been around since the 70s. I became horribly depressed, quit my job, and ended up hiding in my basement for 2 days feeling suicidal before I finally went to the doctor. I haven't tried another pill since. It was a terrible and frightening experience for me and I don't want to test out any others if that is how my life could possibly be effected. \nUsing condoms isn't 100% but if it ensures that I can be a healthier and happier person, then that is the choice for me.
tl;dr: I spent 10 years trying to find the right birth control to regulate endometriosis. Surgery, diet, exercise, and estrogen-free birth control work well at keeping me happy and healthy. Feel free to ask my about endometriosis, painful periods, and the connection between mental health and menstruation. \n\nI have endometriosis so my hormone experience has been all over the place since an early age. I started menstruating at 12 years old and immediately my cycle messed with my moods and caused debilitating pain and nausea. At 15 I tried Yaz and found that it made me incredibly angry and exacerbated my anxiety and depression, especially before my period. I never was angry but Yaz caused me to feel rage and totally unlike myself, and I decided that those feelings weren't worth the benefits. \n\nOver the next 10 years I tried multiple pills and the Nuva Ring, all of which never really combated my endometriosis symptoms and most worsening my mood  and causing weight gain via water retention and increased appetite. Even on the pill I would have terrible PMS followed by 7-12 day periods that caused me to miss school/work/sports on a consistent basis. I bled like a river, couldn't walk because of cramps, and vomited multiple times a day. After a full round of bloodwork my doctor determined I didn't have PCOS but that my estrogen and testosterone were both on the high side. \n\nAt 25 I now use the Skyla IUD and find that estrogen free is the way I need to be. I've luckily found a great endometriosis specialist in my area and after a recent deep excision laparoscopy, changes to diet, consistent exercise, and general self care, I feel so much better now than I did at 15. I've even noticed a decrease in my periods' length and bloodflow since it's been inserted and I'm hopeful my period will go away entirely. Unfortunately estrogenic birth control is recommended to halt endometriosis growth but based on family history of breast cancer, past experiences, and current mental health struggles (depression, anxiety, OCD) I don't want to gamble with my emotions when I'm feeling the best I have in a long while. Fortunately a simple increase in my SSRI helps combat PMS paranoia, anxiety, and random crying spells at Target, and while my mood isn't great during my week or two of PMS I at least no longer spend days angry or in slumps. \n\nSo yeah, lots of ups and downs, but stability now feels really good :)
I’ve just complete my first three months of being on Cerelle (aka the mini pill) and it’s been a wild ride. I’ve experienced very frequent periods (I have a period every week), an increase in pimples and my skin becoming very oily. I’m considering having possibly going onto the combined-pill or even continuing with Cerelle. If you want to go onto the pill, talking to your doctor about all of your concerns and asking them as many questions as you want is so beneficial.
I feel pretty down this period that I am currently on too😩😩
I was watching the lego batman movie at the cinema, and I almost cried at it because I was on my period
I have been on a pill called Ava 20 now for coming up to 2 years and it REALLY HELPED, I had suffered from heavy periods that make me throw up, for the first two days, get migraines, cramps so bad I could hardly walk or move out of bed, let's just say I missed a whole lot of school in my last 2 years. So when I found this pill it helped me greatly, I only get migraines from it every so often, my periods are lighter, I still get cramps but bareable enough to go to school/work or you know, get up in general. Just know that it really could help but, of course like Lucy said, it's a trail and error type thing. The pill changed my life.
ive been on cilest for about 2 and a half years now i think. and only after watching this has it made me think that maybe the reason ive been really down or angry all the time is becasue of the pill! like that sounds like a common thing you would know, but ive only ever thought it was good for me. ive had no pains, my skin has cleared up so well and i have no problems on it, however now its been mentioned, i think it has definitely messed up my hormones cos im like angry like every other day, and it sucks! :(
i didn't get my period last month or this month yet. my period is just all messed up. i know i'm not pregnant because i am asexual and a virgin, but it could be a health issue, but i doubt it. i just think my period isn't regular. i truly hate it and i don't take any pill. tbh i don't think i'll ever take a pill again, it sounds terrible :/
According to the clue app that i have, Im suppose to get pms on friday the 13th\n👏👏👏👏👏👏
Usually as PMS I have really bad anxiety days and it affects everything, from my lack of appetite , i have this terrible mood and my self esteem is just non existence. Funny enough, I had my bad days, as one should call them,  on my very first peroid day. It ended up lasting a few hours but it was torture.
I feel like I have had a very different experience from most people going on contraception. I saw a nurse for a start (maybe people mean nurse when they say doctor but I will clearly state it was a nurse for me). We went through a long list of many forms of contraception I could go on, but she recommended the injection in the booty cheek every 12 weeks. The worst part was like bleeding for 3 weeks straight but after that no more periods~ and I have been using that for of contraception for 5/6 years now.
ughhh your videos are so relaxing i love them
I would honestly listen to a podcast of you talking & getting ready as I get ready every morning
Harvest Moon man - It's a head wreck.
I’m getting the implant on Friday, I came off the most common pill about 2 years ago and was period free for a year and now they’re back and I get such bad PMS I turn horrible just before my periods, I thought id try the implant to get lighter periods and also three years of contraception without having to take a pill everyday which just doesn’t suite me at all. Nonetheless I’m rather nervous to get the implant as Iv heard so many different reactions and as it’s my final A level year I can’t afford to have shitty hormones and annoying periods
Drinking a cup of green tea while watching this 👌🏻🍵
I had a nexplanon implant for 3 years, and I had two periods per month while on it, gained about 30 pounds, and my anxiety skyrocketed. I just switched to Trinessa a little less than two weeks ago, and I am really curious to see how it affects my body. I just really want to find something that works for me because I currently just wish I could stop hormonal bc altogether.
a) 100% relate with the moods holy shit\nb) 101% relate with the hormonal depression HOLY SHIT i went through the same thing in year nine \nc) i'm not comfortable with the fact that you're shoving hormones into your body with the pill so idk how i feel about it hm
i love your videos so much
i went on the pill called zoelly when i was 17, even though i had painful and irregular periods and skin problems since i was 13, i guess where i'm from it's not popular to treat those by going on a pill. when i turned 16 i started getting cramps in my back and stomach that would make me cry and i wouldn't be able to walk or sit through a lesson, like it was awful. after i got on the pill i think i've only got cramps like once since then and my skin is amazing except for those couple of days before my period starts, so can't complain, and i don't think my mood has been affected too much. but it also makes me sort of uncomfortable to know that if i decide to get off the pill i will have to come back to the pain. \n(also, thanks for filming this :)
There's no yeast in kombucha either? It's just a kombucha culture, black tea and sugar + any favouring listed
I got put on the combined pill Rigevidon ( as the first pill to try ) and the only side effect i have experienced is feeling sick/queezy . Ive only had 1 period so far on it and it was awful and heavier than before but expected it to be because of the time I started taking the pill. I feel more emotional but still cant figure out if it is because of the pill or the heafty amount of coursework  i have gotten in year 11? If anyone else is on this pill it'd be good to know what experience you've had with it too. Lovely video lucy :)
i just started my period today and i’m drinking hot chocolate, how fun. i’ve had REALLY bad cramps all day. on the first day i always get super bad cramps and i have a really heavy flow but it calms down after a few days butttt my period lasts a week and it’s not a fun time.
i was depressed for YEARS when i was on the pill and i never even considered it could have anything to do the pill until i went off it and felt completely different. it's such a shame that the side effects of the pill are so rarely talked about..
What is your opinion on accutane? I'm going on it this week so I'm curious, and you don't seem to be a fan?
This was the perfect length for me to paint my nails!!! Literally finished as you said goodbye couldn't have timed it better if I tried lol
Lmao I went on the pill about two months ago and my first period was 18 days long and I cry all the time now so that is super duper fun
Loved this video! I believe people really should be educated more on this topic. I recently started considering getting off the pill or changing to another one since I've been having terrible mood swings that make me feel like I'm losing control over myself, especially with Uni stressing me out...  The only thing is, that my twin sister (so sorta need the same pill we're geussing) has been changing pills constantly over the past few years cause she just cannot find the right one, and so it seems almost impossible. I know this one isn't right for me either, but the last/first different pill I took, made me feel awfully depressed so I'm not exaclty excited to get on a different one now that I'm not thàt bad...  Dont really know what I should do, kinda scared to act  :/
pls try to keep your language gender neutral when talking about periods! x
I truly love your GRWM videos cause I love listening to you talking about things. Obviously no matter what thing it is haha :D love from Poland x and so excited for your Autumn videos!
This is so interesting to me because I went off the pill about two years ago and it was like the best thing I ever did. The pill for me had some really strange side effects - the kind where the doctor says it's not related to the pill but then you stop and it all goes back to normal. The hormones really fucked with my mood - I couldn't be genuinely happy at all - and I actually had that fuck it mentality much more when I was on it. And made some bad choices because of it as well. Now of course off the pill there's other stuff that's annoying, but for me I'm still glad I made the decision the quit it, even if I was curled up in bed for three hours last Friday when I started my period because oh my god the cramps were insane.
It's great that so many people are talking about their periods at the moment! My period started when I was 13(?) and has always been really really painful (same as my mum and grandma, apparently) so I just assumed that was what periods were. After a particularly horrific night when I was 18 I went to the doctor and was prescribed naproxen to take 'as needed' but it wasn't really enough so I went back the next month and was put on Microgynon. That was fab, and although it didn't get rid of the pain completely, it made it manageable - that and I knew when I was gonna come on, almost to the hour! But after about a year and a half I started getting the bad kind of migraines, so I'm now not allowed on any combined pill at all, and I was put on Cerelle, which is a progesterone-only pill. I was on that for 5 months, and it stopped my periods, which was nice, but it was also pushing me slowly towards a pretty bad place mentally, and I didn't realise that until I missed a pill and had the chillest day I'd had in months - and then I was back on the next day and broke down crying and shouting at my housemates. I came off it in January and have been pill-free for now, and I've been prescribed Mefenamic Acid for the pain. I'm thinking of trying out the Mirena coil when I come back off my year abroad though, so thoughts on that could be nice :-)
I'm so curious as to why I was prescribed Rigevidon from the moment I told the doctor I wanted to go on the pill...I didn't realise Microgynon was the most commonly prescribed one? I'm intrigued
I’ve been on Diane 35 for most of the past 12 years (I tried Yasmin for 3 months when it was suspected Diane was giving me high cholesterol but it wasn’t and another pill after than for 3 months which gave me cystic acne- no thanks!). I asked for Diane when I went on the pill due to its skin clearing affects after seeing it dramatically improve my older sister’s acne. I’d like to try going off it to see who I ‘really am’ without it however when my sister went off it her acne cake back, and when she went back on it it never quite ‘worked’ the same for her skin again. I choose to have my period every 3 months and my gp and gynaecologist both have said this is fine and safe. I don’t really get any period symptoms at all that I notice! Maybe a bit gassy but that’s about it!
As someone with the implant - I never had the experience of being on the pill but for anyone who is interested in getting the implant, I think it's helpful to know of the experiences of others, \n1. My (diagnosed) depression got much worse about 3 months after the implant was put in and is still bad, I can just cope and adjust better now than I did at the beginning.\n2. Spots didn't get any better nor did they get any worse. \n3. Periods occur once every 2-3 months and last 7-9 days.\n4. Did not gain weight\n5. Random breast pain (stabbing pain) but apparently that's common.\nMy implant is being removed on a few days as its 3 years are up but I will immediately get another one put in. Highly recommend the contraceptive implant, I have Nexplanon and it's really great. I've not had a single pregnancy scare in 3 years. *It does not prevent STD's*
Ive always had the most painful periods. For the first 3 days, I actually cannot function and my boyfriend doesn't understand how it possibly be so bad. I've thrown up from the pain and was sent home from work during a massive sale, bc I couldn't even open my mouth to answer customer's questions without grimacing. Pushing off Childbirth as far as I can. \n\nLiterally the only way I can avoid it is if I take Menstridol as soon as I wake up. If the pain has already started, I just have to ride it out, unfortunately. But If I have to go somewhere, I usually pick up these portable heating pads and stick them on my stomach. Some have this glue that will adhere to you, but if I can't find those, I usually just wear tights and hope it doesn't move around as much.
I was at such a loss about half a year ago. Felt like everything was bad- natural hormones made for an awful, heavy period, and crazily anxious PMS; combined pill made me depressed, full stop (microgynon the worst for me). Finally switched to progesterone only pill (desogestrel). No period, good digestion, good mood, no PMS symptoms. Can't believe all these years I had mental health problems, no doctor suggested me to try a non-estrogen pill! \nAnyway, trial and error, and being brave enough to change your hormonal contraception if your mental health is affected is SO difficult but SO worth it
i always cry over eVERYTHING when i'm on my period. like literally anything. it's pathetic😂 and i always get my period on a day when i have a double lesson so that i end up sitting in my own pain for two hours with numb legs oh god
I have really bad periods I get major heavy flow and bad majorly bad pains with the first couple of days. My mood was everywhere but leading up to it I was out of it and just not up to anything nothing was making me motivated.
is anybody else bothered by the face she makes on her thumbnail
Non-period related, but what mini kit did your lip color come in from Colour Pop? I'm loving your shades typically, so I'd love to snag the same set! x
My periods used to last 10 days, with super heavy flow, a lot of pain and headache and dizziness... So my doctor put me on a pill called Sybilla which was wonderful. It shortened my period to 4 days and gone were the days of bleeding through the extra thick extra long pads! \nWell, it seemed too good to be true. When I had to go get my blood tested for an annual check-up, they noticed that my liver was not working probably. Turns out the oestrogen was making me sick...\nSooo I had to go on a different pill called Desofemono. This pill helped clearing my skin and I have no more hormonal mood swings. Only downside: It prevents me from getting my period. I have not had a period for almost 2 years. \nNext week I have a doctors appointment and they will check for an endometriosis (literally have no idea how its written in English), and hopefully if they figure out what exactly made my period so hard and painful in the beginning, they can remove it and I can go off the pill.\nBecause weirdly enough I do miss having my period, I just don't feel like a normal girl anymore...
Very important video!! I loved it <3 BUT one thing i noticed...how the hell do you apply mascara with the hand you don't write?!
I used to be allergic to yeast when i was younger and so my breakfast consisted of Ritz crackers :/ don’t remember what happened if i ate yeast but i know that my parents stopped me eating it
Last year I went through a breakup and also decided to quit my pill, the result; hairloss. I cried so much in the shower you don't wanna know. I lost at least 1/3rd of my hair. Luckily it grew back, but still it was not a fun experience. There was also no way I was going back on it, since I hated it so much;  I gained weight, and no matter how much I tried to lose it by exercising, I kept eating more junkfood and I was so hungry all day. I only started losing weight when I  got off my pill. During my time on the pill I was very sad, my skin had very high ups but also very low downs and I was so bloated. Not to mention the first few times when I started taking it after the week where you're supposed to stop, I was cursed with extreme dizziness and a stomach ache. I would be dying in bed for 3 hours, then I would throw up and the pain was gone. It was not fun. I'm in a relationship again right now and looking for a new contraceptive, but man I'm so scared to ever try something again. Sometimes I feel like I just shouldn't try it anymore at all, since it always comes with so many side effects and my body is very sensitive to medication in general.
about doctors being paid to say things, I dont know what its like in England, but in the Netherlands that is absolutely forbidden. Doctors arent allowed te advertise and there are other rules that make sure they prescribe what is needed and most efficient for the patients
I'm a cis guy so _obviously_ I don't get periods, but I wanna thank you Lucy, and everyone in the comments, for sharing like this. I know its not targeted at guys, but I find it really useful for empathising and understanding what y'all are going through. There's such a stigma with periods when it comes to guys, but when you have public discussions like this it opens up that world to us, and that's really powerful.
Hi Lucy, I never usually comment on your videos but this one really stood out to me. Im currently a 4th year medical student in the UK, and I am currently doing a 8-week block on Obstetrics and Gynaecology. It is surprising me to that out of these 8 weeks we only have 3 allocated days to GUM and contraception. The only resource we really get signposted to is the UKMEC guidelines of contraception which is an evidence based document which recommends which contraception may be the most advisable/suited for individuals with certain medical conditions, overall i think its worth a read as you seem very in-touch and interested in this subject. My advise would be to go and see a family planning/GUM clinic regarding your contraception as they exclusively deal with this as opposed to GP's whose knowledge can  often be out of date and variable. I hope this helps!!!!!!!! Lots of Love
Oliver: *cheeky assgrab at 9:14 *\nMe: *chokes on air*
does anyone not have a crush on oliver
Is oliver a good kisser??
So I watched this with my husband, and when the video ended his response was: Wait we have to wait for the Unicorn!?\nAnd now he is sad that there aren't anymore videos to watch till next week.
I'm so upset that you were in Belfast just weeks after I moved away for uni! 💔💔
I've just realised that Oliver reminds me of John Barrowman and now I can't unsee it. 😫
Absolutely loved meeting you in Belfast! Hope you liked the summer night fruit tea 💕💕
I need to see the fully grown unicorn. This isn’t fair
Enjoyed this show so so much absolutely incredible!
The real question is, where on earth did that dragonfly necklace come from? it's gorgeous!
But what about the unicorn though? THE SUSPENSE IS KILLING ME!!!
Can anybody find the jumper from Zara she is wearing and link it! Im in love with it! I see you on Friday night and I CANNOT wait!!! xx
why the youtube name change? I loved it :( xx
I saw you LIVE! I was skooked to the core. your voice is seriously amazing. well done!!!
It's the elevation is my new excuse! Hahaha
When she said end of the day ... is it ok if I sang “end of the day another day over” les mis
Hey I was just wondering, how long do these musicals usually run for?
My ticket arrived last week so I’m getting more and more excited now and even have a sticker in my planner for the day 8 come to see the show. Yeah I’m a nerd lol
didn't even think to look for a catan app for my phone! Love the game. might have to go look for it now.
whenever you film onstage and show all the seats it makes me so happy :) you're my inspiration, carrie ♥
I started SNORTING with laughter at 9:16 like OH MY GOD
What is the music for the signing clip?
Are her and Dan still friends??
Are.... are we sure they aren’t dating....?
Although they're in the same family, zebras make different barking sounds than horses do, so it stands to reason that unicorns would make different sounds as well.  Something more lyrical perhaps?
Forget Oliver, I want to see more of the woman with the purple headband @6:40  :D
Maybe it's just me but you seem a bit wicked dressed as Wednesday, the character takes over and nice Carrie is no more.
I actually can't cope that you are in Maggie mays like 2 minutes from my flat 🙈 seen you while you were here, me and my best friend had the best night, amazing show
Also your voice is a POWERHOUSE
you were amazing on saturday! love you xo
Ok I've always wanted to know the answer to this: HOW do actors in musicals not CONSTANTLY LOSE THEIR VOICES?!! That's so much constant stress on your voice omg
Anyone else find it hilarious that she was dressed as Wednesday talking about wanting a giant unicorn 😂😂
I STILL get goosebumps every time I hear you guys sing Crazier Than You! <3
Scott has me wondering about his range. I had an oh snap moment when he took it up a free octaves.
But what happened with the unicorn??? 🦄🦄🦄
I saw you guys in that theatre Thursday and it was amazing! 10/10
The chemistry between you and Oliver is insane. Whether you may be together or not, you're definitely friendship goals and I envy it so much
Is the dear Evan Hansen cover (with you and Oliver) ever going to be uploaded? I NEED a full version in my life! 💕
So nice seeing the inside of my favourite place to work in whilst I'm across the water in Liverpool for Uni.
I could watch HOURS of Carrie, Ollie, Scott, and the rest of the cast just having fun and singing their hearts out. I'm always so sad to see the vlogs end. I look forward to them every week and they always make me smile so much. Keep up the great work, Carrie! <3
You where wearing that necklace today as well, very cool!! Where did you get it? And whoop for the Stitch pj!!
Love “watch me, Wednesday” xx😀 now which shop did you get that beautiful green scarf from??
I must admit, after being introduced to the new cast on Sunday night at the London Poladium, I wasn't sure what to think, since watching these vlogs I've found it quite reassuring that you guys are doing a great job at taking the show on!
It's like we're inside a jewelry box! 😍 That is what it looks like!! I've always dreamed of being that little ballerina inside a music box... Carrie, you really were! 💕
so so excited for the addam's family in singapore!!!!
Oh carrie please do a full cover of somewhere over the rainbow that would be lovely
I'm loving the backstage dancing haha! So excited to see the show in Glasgow :D
I'm so upset I don't have the money to go to see The Adams Family \nI hope you have a really amazing and special time in Belfast! <3
Where is your long striped dress from please?? Xx
Can we have a full cover of one normal night pleaseeeee
I was at your last performance in Belfast on Saturday night! It was flipping amazing! \nI've never appreciated how pretty the Grand Opera House is until you pointed it out!
I was in the front row at the Thursday matinee in GOH and it was amazing. Thanks for a class show even if some of the guys in the orchestra pit got a bit singed by the rogue fuse from Festers rocket! Haha
I just booked tickets to see The Addams family in Glasgow after seeing it in Edinburgh I couldn't not see it in Glasgow!! I'm so excited
Was at the half 2 show on Saturday and loved it so so so much. Hearing crazier than you again makes me so happy!
I love you Carrie above and beyond
Carrie was 10 minutes away and I couldn't meet her😭😭😭
I was there on Saturday night... what a performance, it was amazing! X
What was the 🦄 like?
I hope we get unicorn updates 😆
I was one of the very lucky ones who got to see you in Belfast! Absolutely fantastic, my friend went in not knowing anything about the Addams family and left a huge a fan! Was so surprised at just how funny it is, absolutely amazing show!!
I love that you are showing more video from rehearsals. Don't get the opportunity to see you perform, but get to see behind the scenes!
Love the snippet of blue Monday when you left Oliver before your signing
I grew up in belfast so this was a fun video for me to watch
Awk I gave u a present but I don't have instagram etc 😭😭 really enjoyed meeting u and seeing u in the Addams family all my mates r so jealous xxx
I saw the show on Saturday in Belfast, it was absolutely incredible!! x
Just lovely!! I think I'd dig this touring thing :D Will you give us another vlog from Belfast? I miss this city so much, I secretly hoped for more footage of it :3
Feeling some Mrs Weasley vibes with your wardrobe in this video! =D
That unicorn is the biggest cliffhanger...
I'm coming to see the show this coming saturday and I can't wait!
I was literally singing ‘somewhere over the rainbow’ at rehearsals today before seeing this video :)
you look so cute at 10:42 with the makeup on your nose having rubbed off a bit :D
Hi Carrie! Love your videos, I love the Addams Family! 😀😀😀
TRENDINGGG
Can we please have a unicorn update? xx
oliver ormson doing the most casual pirouette ever is the reason I'm an emotional mess
I love seeing Carrie happy something about it just brings me joy on an otherwise bad day. My honorary big sister is killing it career wise taking on the book and theater industry it’s beautiful to see.
what's the deal with the unicorn, fletcher??? the people want to know
ok but did the unicorn ever get bigger??? asking for a friend...
Wait I'm in such suspense how big did the unicorn get??
I REALLY WANNA KNOW WHAT THE UNICORN LOOKS LIKE NOW!!
Omgg why I am being so awkward at that signing, I completely blanked and forgot to say I was coming to the Addams Family on the Saturday and that I work at lush, literally I'm such a freak at 2:55
What about the unicorn🦄🦄
Ey up, I saw that butt grab at 9:14!! Cheeky cheeky!
The moment Oliver said Slytherin my jaw hit the floor. Offensive much?
Ooo can we please please get a full version of Somewhere over the Rainbow? I've been dying to hear you sing it! Xxx
Can't believe I missed you in Belfast! Hope you enjoyed it and your maggie mays - the one you were in is literally beside my student house - it is my literal hangover cure 😂😂
YOUARESOPRETTYBEAUTIFULFUNNTANDTALENTED AAAAAA
That riff at 5:56 ❤️❤️❤️❤️
So cute
Wonderful 😍
Your voice 😍😍😍
Carrie has really nice eyebrows
And the Unicorn????
Are u dating Oliver?
Oli’s double jazz pirouettes 👌🏻👌🏻
Belfast is in Northern Ireland not Ireland, they are two different countries....
All these comments are basically the same thing 😂 least Carrie has everyone's approval if she wants it 😂❤️
1:32 IM NOT IMPULSIVE (I'd never ask that of you)
It’s so funny how much different English (British) language is from American language if that makes sense😂 like Carrie says Beer Mats and in America we call them Coasters 😂😂🤔
I’m watching the Addams Family in a couple of weeks time and I was wondering how much the merch is ? Xxx
Please make the into screen longer next time
How about having Eddie Bravo on? He trains some top UFC/mma fighters and can promote EBI which is damn exciting for any bjj/mma fans. C'mon Ariel, show Edgy Brah some love.
Ian McCall is transitioning into a woman.
Ian McCall delusional
Tony is the real champ, Conor is a paper champ !!! Lmao 😂
Tony just rambles on....lol....love that dude though!👊
Uncle Creepy spiraling...
DJ has been  gaming too much. He's calling Star Trek, Star Trak :D
Can we please not have Ian McCall on the show ever again. Would be great.
Ian mccall wants 100k to fight on the fight pass prelims lol Thats a Lil bit of a reach dawg
Show with sound begins @ 3:58
GooD To SeE HelwanI AnD CucuY BacK TogetheR <3
Ian McCall is such a garbage fighter. He should be happy that UFC let him stay this long.
When you get home from Taco Bell 2:56:54
MMA HOUR get Gegard Mousasi Fighting BELLATOR 185
Tony I went big bear Ferguson..
It is what it is
Man Condit is such a good dude very under rated...that Maia fight was a disappointment but I feel Condit still causes problems for anyone would love to see Condit vs Cerrone Condit vs Woodley Condit vs Wonderboy\n\nHope he's well off, dude was doing medical stuff? Sounds like he hated it cant go from fighting in the UFC and being top 5 to work a regular day job. \n\nGet in the gym Carlos everyone knows grappling is your weakness work on it and destroy 170
greatest my arse.guy beats no named cans, gtfoh
Sensei Seagull is a fraud! He got choked & pooped himself!
2:56:54 Excuse me!
slow day lets rattle conor fans... lol
too chinny for Conor
Sometimes Ariels asks the dumbest questions ever
Ian Mccall is ass
Man, Ariel checks his laptop too much when his guests are talking.
Too many politics in this episode. I get it though. But lets not make a habit of it!
Stamp times, please? And how lazy that you couldn't even list the guest list initially - well, it's even in numerical order. And when they do the time they're usually erroneous. Ariel is the best MMA journalist and this is the best mma podcast. I do appreciate all the effort but just such significant things, but it's somewhat unprofessional. :)
LAS VEGAS WAS A FALSE FLAG
Was that a fart 2:56:54
Always good to hear from Frankie, also I agree Tony's demeanour seemed much more composed.
marissamal
does Max have any idea how ridiculous he sounds when he speaks? Saying you know every 4 words makes you sound like a moron. I like Max, he's dope AF, just hard to listen to.
DJ wants the easy route. Lame fighter. Retire already
Tony is gullible if he thinks Dana speaks the truth.
NY Ric better at pronouncing those names than Schaub is.
Mousasi the real lb for lb best sorry DJ.
I thought it was supposed to be RICS PICS not Ariel criticizing every pick from Rick. Rics picks is all I watch cause Ariel is beginning to annoy me.
no audio for first 4 minutes???
Dis, is not a terapy session - Ian McCall's Skype connection.
Ian McCall wants loads of money to fight but can't actually fight cause his hand is jacked LOL
Tony needs to take a chill pill lol
i did that armbar in big bear
Max sounds more stoned than a Diaz brother
Straight up
''THE MOUSE TRAP'' - max '' bit late there''holloway
Wtf ian hasnt fought in years nd he wanna get paid more wtf he just need to retire he a nobody lost to dj he doent want it to fight no more he should quit cus he aint top 5 nd he wanna get paid like he a champ no way
Condit is one of my favorite fighters and one of the most entertaining fighters I've ever seen. He's had a rough last few fights (as he said, the Maia loss was so ugly for him, he decided to leave the sport), but I think he's still one of the pound-for-pound best. Over the last half of his career, he's only lost to the best-of-the-best and only by the narrowest of margins. He was injured during the Woodley fight, Lawler was a razor-thin split decision, he avenged his Kampmann loss, and St. Pierre is St. Pierre. One weakness that he has is he doesn't fight takedowns enough. He's so skilled & active off his back, that getting taken down is almost a comfortable position for him. The problem is, even if he's not taking damage on the ground, the judges see it & tend to score against him because of that. Plus, he tends to brawl too much. If he had gotten a few takedowns against Lawler (nobody ever tries to take Robbie down) he would've won that fight and might be the champ right now.
Artem Lobov vs DJ. UFC let's make it happen
Tony's been writing a book? What's it called Cat? And then you open the book and there is a picture of a cat and an arrow with the word Cat in bold. Then you turn the page and its another type of cat with an arrow and the word Cat!.  Just 50 pages of that. I'd buy it.
Ariel is so cringe. Stop trying to psychoanalyse the fighters, you say the same thing about the fighters you interview being completely different people nearly every single time. You look for depth where it isn't there.
Carlos Condit is the man. My fav fighters : Diaz Bros,Condit, Rory, Gegard Mousasi, and for sure DJ, TJ and Rockhold have a very well rounded skillset and a high fight IQ.
wtf no time stamps who dropped the ball
I keep thinking that max holloway is a really cool guy
So Ariel thinks the ufc's bantemweight division is the sister division to bellators version ayyt ariel i see you
Tony vs Conor....Let's go! Hey....hello....hello....Conor? Conor?? where u at? :)))
Conor's are exhibition fights , ha, ha , ha good one Max
Condit is and has always been a fighter's fighter. Gotta love the guy, hope he makes a run and gets another crack at Tyron. #NBK
Tony is great fighter but if he's that hittable in first 5 min against Conor he might get ko'd.
What? Flying Suplex Armbar?? The next finishing move on DJ's list will be Zangeifs 'Final Atomic Buster'. You read it here first.
Maybe in the 165lb division...AAAAAYYYYOOOOO!
Tony straight up Ferguson
NBK IS BACK!!!!
2:56:54 Was that a cart from Tony?
Ric: Who said it was the best sub?\nAriel: OHHHHHH MMYYYYY,,,\n\nHAHA favorite part is when Ariel and Ric just talk. Both actually understand and know what is happening.
The mighty wizz bar.. really?
lol @ ric thinking that push by GSP is real and that he's upset
What's up with the lack of audio before 4:00?
Ian mccall is such a douche im gald he dont fight anymore
Tony the real champ
every time a bigger name fighter has a bad weight cut.....OMG we need more weight classes.   because you know that will end bad weight cuts.   Forget all the factors that come into play.
theeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee mixed martial arts hour back in. your llife.  same time same place same blababalal until then i say peace......im outta heeeeerre
Tony Absolutely Ferguson
Tony Ferguson rocks!
Holloway speaking truth
Might need to re-upload this --- missing the sound first 4 minutes of Ariel talking :(
Was it muted in the first 4mim for everyone else too?
DJ and Max are class acts...
The earth is flat
I like Tony but he can be full of himself sometimes when he talks about how exactly he likes the fight to go down after a win.  Give me a break Tony....nobody wants a war like the fight you had with RDA.  And definitely you did not want to be mounted by Kevin Lee (you weren't getting out of that if it wasn't for the bell).  Just say it like it is Tony.  With that being said, you're a great fighter.  \n\nHope you get that Mcgregor fight.
Saki vs. Roundtree is a dope ass fight.
Tony might be weird and a genius at the same time.
Yes Ariel the pro Mcgreggor fans are very annoying. Good to hear I'm not the only one who can't stand them.
2:56:55 ferguson farts
Ferguson will desyroy mcgregor.
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
El Cucuy. love the work ethic and your fighting style... you are a really great fighter, a top 3 lightweight in the world, but your striking game and movement. i can't see anything but you getting KO'd in 1 vs conor...and vs khabib...if Lee took you down that many times my lord the difference.
Ferguson vs khabib this fight make sens for us!!😂😂
LIST OF GUESTS PLEASE
Lol tony is so lucky he loses weight so easy. Should be at 170 cheating realy
MMA is GAY.
Caldwell breaking the record for most stoned guest of all time
conor will destroy this guy
that momo tho, god damn. requirements >11win streak. what a harsh life man.
Max blessed will be the goat by the time he retires! His resume kills DJ's plus he grew up in the UFC
Vegas shooting was a hoax #StayWokeFaggots
Lol Tony, delusional. Conor gonna kill him within 2. Lando Vannata had you doing the chicken dance and you think you can handle a combo from Conor?
Im a musician of 30yrs. \n I must say Everlast's performance was VERYimportant, he grasped that and wasted nothing, he took that moment did Xactly what was needed, healing. Big respect to the man. BIG RESPECT!
You should of had DJ on longer
Max Holloway is so butt hurt.
Liam completely crazy. This rocks!
He went straight for the chorus after the first verse and forgot there's a second one first, haha
It would have been biblical if Joe Perry had knocked Liam out with his guitar.
Wow Liam is Rock n Roll.
Shame that twat Laim is in it
Shorts and a hoodie? How old does the twat think he is? And he can't reach the high notes. And I don't care how hard he tries, he will never be Joh Lennon.
Pull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out\nfrom ATM they works world wide. Are you currently\nin a financial economy crisis Or dealing with Bad\ncredit card debt, Cool way to have financial freedom\nAre you tired of living a poor life, here is the\nopportunity you have been waiting for.\n\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before.\n\nContact us today for your Card.\nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com\nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below For More Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
Liam reminds me of a softer version of Phil Anselmo in this.
I was there... Liam is such a fuckin toolbag
So some douche bag comes up and talks in the mic ... doesn't sing.\nAnd this gets 1K+ thumbs up?\nLOL!\nFU
Nice video thanks for sharing. please visit my channel for more videos like this \nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW6xNtP6pnfXXXXp7cvSTOw
How any one can watch this and not realize how badly Liam butchered both the timing of the lyrics and the lyrics themselves is beyond me
Mic cupping like a pro, Liam really fucked this up
The video cut it off but right after this Grohl was laughing his ass off and just said into the mic yeah THAT was planned
I love liam, but he couldn't have fucked that up any more if he tried.
Liam can't sing like he used to. How voice sounds like an old man trying to do a Liam Gallagher impersonation from the 90's.
Best part is I was there and HOLY FUCK trust me when Joe Perry got on stage\nI punched my friend in the arm and said This is gonna be fuckin AWESOME!
Why is he reading the lyrics it's a beatles classic?
The funny thing is ppl here worried about he fucked up the lyrics. Hahaha.   LIAM.  A FUCKING LEGEND
Liam Gallagher: Claims to be a massive John Lennon fan, doesn't know the words of Come Together smh
Liam the last fuckin rock and roll star!
When random crowd chick knows the song better than dude from one of England's greatest rock bands
Its a mash up but I liked it.   Not about getting it spot on exactly; having a good time is more important.
I love Liam but i'm seriously disappointed in him for fucking the lyrics up!!!
It's alright, he was just fuckin' drunk 😂 It could have been perfect if he was sober. But it's not THAT embarrassing. People act like it was a huge tragedy ... don't be too serious pals!
Oof how the mighty have fallen. He's too old to be doing the trainwreck dance. Be more like Noel. Classy, cocky, confident, delivers.
This is my favourite Beatles song...\n\n\nShame Liam sung it
People taking Liam too serious are either Americans or boring.
It’s the 2nd coming....
this thing is a total nonsens haha
Lead guitar is so off...like liam...damn
I'm the like 1k 😎
If he did this at a karaoke bar you'd tell him it was time to go home.
tan Liam <3
Who TF doesn't know the words to this?
Legend has it liams still crowd surfing
So talented!!!\nTrue Rock'n'Roll Star
Liam fucking it up again.
Didn't know gallagher liked aerosmith \nI know that the beatles originally did this
Sounds like an old drunk
I fucking love this!  Kinda wish too see it again with Liam being sober haha but he's just being the rock n roll legend he is
Liam is the ultimate frontman, he just owns it
Now we see how tough Liam is! He dares to come and present the song without knowing the word! Who else dares? 10/10
Pure Rock'n'roll Jam !!! Pure Legend(s) !!
Eh pc brigade thos is rock ...you let your hair down and go let it outttt!! Liam i respect you ..no fan boy but kick ass album...swagger ..and mental RnR !! Enjoy when its gone youll be pissing in moaning like that crack pots you are...mad fer it!!!!
Liam fucking crowd surfing after then what a fucking hero 😂😂😂
Sometimes shit don't go well and that's what makes it rock n fucking roll people. Enjoy it when it's great & when it's shit. Just laugh and rock out 🤘
That was rock and fucking roll
Glad to see a bunch of positive comments about Liam on here. Lots of people at CalJam (I was there) were pissed off that he forgot the lyrics and Growl invited him on stage. As I was leaving a bunch of cunts were going Who the fuck is Liam Gallagher and why the fuck was he invited on stage. I'm from California but I've listened to the bands in the Britpop era and I love Oasis. Not a lot of Americans know how amazing the albums are, and the only song they know from them is Wonderwall, but Oasis records remain gold.
Well it started off great with Liam singing haven't heard him sing like that! haha that would be great if he were to finish the song and remember the lyrics!
“I am John Lennon!!!!!!”
it's madness , i love it ! It's not just a simple cover and his voice 😍
HOLY SHIT
Hahaha
gostosa
Jeesh look at all the sycophantic comments! Cringe.
Wrong lyrics!!!!
Manc cock
Sucks up to the godsmack version tbh
Did Liam get back alive tho????😐
In Love
Iconic
Hi
Piece of crap.
Am I awake
This collab would just never happen
Pure trash.
Legendary!
Suena muy bien!! ❤
Demasiado brutal
ROCK ICON
Muito massa!!
Für den Musikexpress ist es Fremdschämen,für uns ist es Rock n Roll...
Fucking goosebumps
That was awesome!
Warum ist dieser Sänger so beliebt? Es ist eines der bekanntesten Songs der Beatles und er bekommt es nicht auf die Reihe sich den Text zu merken steht auf der Bühne als ob er ein Stock im A.... hat.
Liam Gallagher is a massive prick. This was pretty shit. (I'm only here coz it's trending).
Liam was supposed to be a huge Lennon fan but he's f#ucking up lyrics big time. May he should have sang Obladi-Oblada or Maxwell's Silver Hammer. What a loser. What a tool.
Was hoping for something better. Dave should have done vocals...
Liam is so drunk, he messed up so much... he was about to go into the chorus after the first verse// Come together!! that was horrible
I’m sorry but people saying “this is rock n roll” whilst Liam awkwardly tries to crowd surf is the furthest thing I’ve seen from Rock n Roll.
Can the Liam fanboys stop saying 'biblical' to everything? It's getting sad now kids.
Careful with the chicks Liam, you’ll get in trouble again.
THIS IS ROCK N ROLL, SHIT MORONS
Am I the only one that feels it was kinda douchey that he had to have the lyrics in front of him, even more so to hold it up in front of the crowd? Liam seems beyond bored this point... His performance of Wonderwall at Cal Jam was sad, just blah...
Ladies and gentlemen. Liam Gallagher completely destroying a Beatles song.
What you don’t know what happened after 😅\n\nhttps://youtu.be/XBs1wBMRDcY
Huge fan but this is awful
The crowd has NO IDEA who Liam was... sad state of music fans these days
Now I remember why I always liked Noel Gallagher more.
Maybe try and get a couple of words in the right order.
Liam can’t sing for shit
would've been class if he got the words right
Liam scum of the earth Gallagher. Move along Liam and let the professionals sing as you can't sing for crap and don't know the lyrics... can we say amateur much.
I like this shit....Liam is 100% Rockstar...! Its real....\nI miss Grunge.....
Liam ist ein riesen scheiß Idiot.
Omg he doesn't even know the lyrics, he is supposed to be a big Beatles fan 😅
Liam Gallagher is a prick
ONE word - Disgusting.
KERMIT!\nOh, drunk kermit.
I am 60 and watch you both
Background music is too loud
OMG YESSS! I'm so sick of every youtube channel being targeted to children and everything being censored and bleeped or not spoken about. I'm 20 years old and i struggle so hard to find people I relate to. and often even when I watch youtubers my own age, they still target their videos to children and do 'back to school crap and how to make friends etc. I was overcome with joy when louise did that big video about changing her channel and I think more people need to!!
Louise and Tanya have never made a video together
Eminem ripping Trump a new one isn't on the trending list, but this total garbage is......
Threw everyone I watch from Zoe all the way to Shane Dawson my mom has watched a least one video of ever YouTuber I watch. She has never complained about what they have been talking about especially how foul of a mouth Shane has. She realizes now they have all made me the person I am , she loves them all as well. She never once made me stop watching someone and it really helped our relationship and made it stronger with how much she trusted me. I just wish some parents would understand that , I'm not one myself...but it really helps the child trust me.
Aww I’ve missed these two together! 😁
Same thoughts re: evolution and Christianity.  Love Louise ❤️❤️
Irrelavant to the video but what lipstick does louise have on?
You look particularly handsome in this video Jim 😁
Was shookt when Louise said that Darcy was 6 years old!!! All I remember is itty bitty toddler Darcy 🙊
I THINK THAT the only reason why Loise wasnt invited to the wedding is bcos of Tanya...
Pretty woman? The film??
my name is Jim too HAHA
Oh😍 Jim you are so handsome!
the music was fucking annoying - clicked off
You two are so funny together
i love the film louise was talking about Talladega nights : Ballad of Ricky Bobby <3
See, the two of you touching on religion has made me want to see a video purely talking about faith and religion. Especially as you have a degree on the same subject. Xx
I really enjoyed you talking to each other even more than answering the questions - especially the take on being a realistic Christian and mature content. Good stuff.
Dear louise, \n                             I think you are a great role model. You might of made some bad choices but you are still inspirational because you have managed to make a life out of your situations. You now have a beautiful daughter so keep bing louise\nXx
Honestly I cannot focus with the music in the background. Maybe it's just me but it drives me mad
The vast majority of Christians believe in evolution. Religious truth and scientific truth have the same source and therefore cannot contradict each other.
Is the thing Louise said at the start monsters Inc. Xx love you guys
I'm 12 and I watched the lost condom video lol
On the science/Christian thing - my brother is a ‘scientist’ (degree in science and science nerd) and he’s a devout Christian - preaches a lot etc. I think it’s all about being open minded and tolerant of everything. \n\nGreat video guys :-) you’re awesome!
I totally forgot I added a question and just for the fun of it I watched this video, finding out you answered my question! How cool is that! Thank you lots and lots for the answer and for turning it into a conversation about porn, hahaha. Ohh and Jim, you pronounced my name best! It's difficult, I know. Just say it as you read it! Much love again, Sjarlie!
I'm glad your content has matured. I started watching you when I was 16 and I'm 20 now so I've been able to grow up with your content.
Science was originally designed to prove christianity. Just because it has gone on to prove the theory of evolution it doesn't and shouldn't effect a persons belief in any religion.
Music is too loud and beat-ey
Jim 😂🙈😂 14:33 ahaja poor Louise \nmaybe subscribe. but if you don't want to don't omg
It’s so refreshing to see a Christian believe in something other than Adam and Eve, yet the way you explained it as thinking Adam and Eve is a metaphor is brilliant. It doesn’t belittle  the belief of Adam and Eve, but puts a reasonable sensible thought process to it.
Why wasn't Louise invited to the Janya wedding, tho?
Louise, I always thought you were younger than me, but we're the same age.
HAHAH I want to hear Louise's story about losing the condom, anyone know which video that is??
the movie is Angus thongs and perfect snogging
That end bit about subscribing to Louise made me laugh so hard.
I haven't watched Jim in years. I found the desperate to be a children's tv presenter vibe just too much.  Happy Louise has made a  reintroduction happen.
Louise and Jim are the best combination, neither of you beat around the bush with what you're saying and I love it!
Jim, you definitely have the gift of gab (a great asset for you).When are you and Tyler doing another collaboration?
What was the movie was Louise talking about?
I am proud for  my family to watch Jims channel.  He is a sweetheart and  very real, not like the others who put on airs and  fake
I am 10 years old and I watch both of them
When Louise and Jim were trying to call people my phone started ringing 😂
Would watch Jim and Tan in anything xxx such good videos!!!❤
this is the best video
The day Louise made the video announcing the change in her channel I hit subscribe so fast! I was so excited! Love when youtubers are genuine!
Is it bad , im 14 and i watch louises videos X
The ad on this video was your book on audible lol xx
I get my book tomorrow!!! So excited!
Louise has lost a good bit of weight go her
Subscribed to Louise after this. :)\nI looked at her channel AGES ago after a collab with Zoe or someone and didn't much like it but I guess that must have been towards the end of the old era. I like her stuff more now. Glad to have had her brought to my awareness again.
Right......... adult Q&A \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nlet’s watch it anyway
I'm 14 you are both amazing role models! You make me happy! You make me less anxious! Your both great
Hey Jim! Please do more videos like this. I like seeing this side of you!
Barbera Streisand says that, is it funny girl or something?
I did love this video and what you guys were talking about! But the music was a bit annoying, I'm not sure if it was my headphones, but at times it was difficult to hear you guys :(
I thought I was the only one who believes that SOME of Christianity is a metaphor and doesn’t believe in Adam and Eve!
You two should make more videos! Enjoyed it immensely!
Im a Christian and I believe God created the Earth and everything in it, in all its sciency goodness. Im not the only one, theres tons of Christian scientists. Be open minded about it, you will be surprised by your own wrong misconceptions.
Is it talladega nights?? lol, great video :) x
That Ricky Bobby Talladega Nights reference at the beginning, though. :p\nLouise is so awesome haha.
I love this sort of content Jim! So ace 👌👌
I miss your videos jim. Love when your doing collabs
When I ask my granddad anything he says youtube it.
No link to Louise's channel in the description 😬
I also have the same belief about evolution as Louise. I believe in science, but I think God created it all.
This was very reminiscent of YouTube 2014. Everybody collaborating on vids! Loved this!
I'm a science major and I loved hearing Louise speak on her faith. I grew up a Christian and still consider myself to be one, but often people in STEM fields think the two ideas CANNOT exist in the same world. I choose to believe that they do. ❤️
I love how you both still film fun entertaining videos together like this. They're always so much fun to watch
This made me so happy!\n\n I'm in my last year of university so hearing your answers was very interesting and cool
loved it sooo much. love your new content
Yas bring on some more collabs 👌🏼 your channels have evolved so much in the past few years, I've been so proud keeping up with them both xxx
This is such a wonderful video. I love how open you both are and how both have you have made your videos grow up with you. Always a huge fan :)
Love your t-shirt, Jim! Where'dja get it??
I started my YouTube channel to get comfortable in front of a camera, I went to an acting school for tv and movies, and we were in front of cameras doing audition practice. So it was a way for me to get used to that. Now I love it!
If you read Laudato Si by Pope Francis, he actually says that everyone should believe in evolution because that is what science proves. He says that we shouldn't ignore science just because of our faith. Give it a read for a more educated/in-depth answer!!
I cant pin why or what makes me think this but Lousie is so goddamn cute in this. Shes happy, and comfortable which makes me really happy for her. Jim, you also seem more 'with yourself'. Maybe its your new book or the environment but both of you seem very content :) much love from CT in the usa! Xoxo
it was so nice hearing louise talk about her faith, because i feel the exact same way. i am christian, however i wholeheartedly believe in evolution and love science in general. i hate being told oh well you're not a christian if you believe in evolution because everyone's faith is different!
Louise's ring looks like the Brazilian flag
Louise, my dad died when I was young. I think all the time about how in the future my kids will be able to watch my videos because I would have loved to have something like this of my dad. Im sorry about your mom, but I’m glad to know I’m not the only one who thinks about this
Love how real you both were in this, there should definitely not be more videos like this out there. X
This video seemed mega awkward to me..
Three men and a little lady??? “My hands? I never know what to do with my hands” xx
“Where can you go after someone mentions their dead mum?” that happens to me all the time. Whenever I bring up my dead mum everything is so awkward😂😂
Fun fact : I reasonly had a phone call from my son his school asking me about my job. Because my son said  My Mommy makes video's on the Internet  . His teacher wanted to know if it was on Youtube or if it was on a adult-site. So i gave him the link to my channel here on youtube and he reasonly used one of my video's called Respect in his class. He translated it to Dutch and told everyone that i was a great rolemodel to talk about Respect  and how to give Respect. And that the netherlands accepts people that speak there minds and how the people in the  U.S.A and  the people in England are more sensetive about those subjects. And he also talked about an other video from me 10 things you don't know about me  .. on Borderline Depression . He says that he loves the fact that i am so open to talk about this. And keeps on using my video's everytime i upload something that he can use in his class.
LMFAO when Louise was talking about the condom getting lost, Jim seems so uncomfortable with it. too funny. The ending seemed sooo weird
Beaches #9glitterpoints
:))) lol
It's Madagascar 3!
PART 2 !!!!!
Love Louise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ricky bobbyyyyy
Great video!!
RIP Louise's mum. 😪
beautiful video
i'm not going to leave one of those mediocre comments saying 'oh i wish that they were all close like they were a few years ago' because the reality is, they've all found their path in life now. some, successful authors and others working in the fashion industry. ultimately, i'm so proud of all of them. they're all doing their thing, and are smashing it. well done 'old crew' of youtube <3
Christ she’s fat.
I really think you should stop swearing
So Jim thought religious people aren't able to hear about or study evolutionary biology? That's interesting.
Man,  I miss Glee
I actually sang 'Don't Rain on My Parade' in front of 4000 parents and students at the school I was teaching at in China about 4 years ago. Yes, it's pressure, but invigorating!
Lea and Jimmy fangirling over Barbra Streisand is my favorite thing!
I'm really bummed that she dropped the ball on her new album. No music videos and that little tour was practically non-existent.
not all of them ifykwim!
i miss glee, and finn hudson...
She is still annoying even as Rachel
'BARBRA....'\n\n'And now I'm dead'\n\nFangirl!Lea is the cutest thing ever. XD
wonder  if Mark Salling was at the Glee event
I always cry when Rachel sings “Don’t Rain on my Parade” too, Jimmy.
all except Salling. He turned out to be a huge pedo
I Love Glee  !!!!!!\n\nIt's so awesome to see Lea Michele !\n\n\nSuch a beautiful,  beautiful voice and girl, I Love her, of course, she's so awesome !
My cousin actually stage managed the concert that she did with Darren Criss and she got to meet Leah and selfied with Darren!
I miss glee and lea and rachel 😫
Yup she's the real life Rachel berry!!!
I love u Lea
Lea is such a Rachel
she's so sweet!
I was 5 minutes away from them 😭 I wish I could of seen them
And now I'm dead \n\n~ Lea Michele~
She is so precious oh my gosh
The guy on trombone is great! Whole interpretation was sexy and hot 👏🔥
Posted today, Happy for you two 2:03
I feel like I saw her today...
I love her so much
She relates so much to her character in glee 😩😩💓💓
Lea michele love Barbra as much as I do and it makes me so happy!
She is so pretty! 😍😍😍
I love her so much
Not only rachel berry is a fan of Barbra but Lea as well!
the way she talk remind me of rachel berry so much, and i miss glee 😔
Lea talking about Barbra is me when I talk about my experience meeting Lea 😂
Who else wants a new generation of Glee?
She just becomes more and more beautiful 😮 she looks so great and is such a sweaty.
She hasn't changed a bit❣️❤️💖💕💗
lea michelle is the sweetest person in the world
She's a literal real life Rachel Berry
she seems like such a great person! and I loved her barabara imitation
Do another glee tour and dont miss the Pacific
AHH yes!! Glee was everythingg@arianej_l on Snapchat, insta and Twitter, and on messenger arianejul if you want to fangirl with me :))
she reminds me so much of madalaine from riverdale I think they look alike...
God girl... come down...
Lea 😍😍
Highlight on fleek!
Love her 💙
10/10 tap that
She looks like Adele Dazeem
She's hot
https://samyandherthoughts.jimdo.com/2017/10/10/change-blog-post-1/
Love her personally
She's straight 🔥
DAMN GIRL!
i'm crying i miss glee
Lea IS Rachel
So happy cuz she’s happy
Lea!
yummi
I LOVE LEA
I love Lea sm
Love Lea so much ❤️
Lea is truly something special. I just look at her and it's like wow, how could God make something so beautiful and perfect. I can't even believe that's she's real, it amazes me. She is meant to be a star ☄💖
Lol she touches her hair many times throughout the video.
Elsie fest was amazing! The crowd did perfect choruses for most of the songs! And I can cross one thing off my bucket list after hearing Rachel Berry perform Don't rain on my parade live:D
I cried whenever she said a cast member’s name... especially my boy Darren
She is my idol. I love her❤️
I clicked in 0.2 seconds
Any Gleeks?
Damn she fine
Lea: I love Barbara Streisand\nMe: Oh trust me we know
Lea may be good; Barbra is the Musical Queen.
She’s so sweet lol I love her
She is so amazing and humble; I adore her💜❤️
LEA IS SUCH A PRECIOUS BEAN SHE'S SO ADROABLE AND SWEET AND AGGGGH I LOVE HER
She’s so sweet an down to earth... I like how she enjoys to interact with the audience as well as with the host. Goals.
Jaja Lea can't stop talking and I love her ❤
I love glee and don’t rain on my parade is in the concert and she does fine
She is literally the sweetest <3
I love you forever lea
This ain't no Lea Michele this is Rachel Barry
HEY! WE NEED YOUR LOVE AND SUPPORT TO GROW. ❤ PLEASE WATCH OUR VIDEOS AND SUBSCRIBE TO OUR CHANNEL - NEW VIDEO OUT NOW!\nhttps://youtu.be/u1O67jZunrg \nP.S.- WE TRIED SOMETHING NEW THIS TIME! 😁
Has anyone seen the premiere of the mayor yet from last week?? It's today on abc after blackish and her character is a more tone down Rachel Berry, its so cute
I miss Glee! I miss Rachel and Finn!!! 😏
I miss glee and Corey 😭
She IS Rachel berry
Love glee! love Lea Michele!
my queen 😍
Her laughter ♡♡♡♡♡
Mark sailling though
Peeps, associate This is  actually  emazing  beautiful  :c
I LOVE glee and I'm so proud of Lea, Darren, and all the other stars!
Yasss love lea 💕💕💕I want more interviews with her again!!!!!
I just noticed how many times she flips her hair back :D
She is so good at doing these interviews
Lo de no entender nada de lo que dicen es una putada...
Glee 2.0? Bring back Glee!!! Only if yall want to. No pressure😁
She's got a big mouth and I'd like to see what do
Maybe it's the German in me, but her nose absolutely repulses me.
What does she mean by cut it from the concert after she performed?
Did she really need her cheekbones done? Sheesh.
The plastic surgery looks great lea, you can hardly tell. (Said no one ever)
Great tribute to a legend.
One of my favorite songs sung by my favorite band. Awesome!
I love Brandon for always paying homage to those that influenced him and came before him. I love all the music he always mentions and talks about. I guess I connect to him in that way. Great video and cover!
I was there😊 they were amazing 🔥
For a cover, it's pretty darn good! huge respect to The Killers for this amazing tribute.
this made me so happy that they did this
Watched this live! Great way to open to the show!!!! They should do this cover on their next Sawdust type album!!!
The Killers have always struck me as having Tom Petty and Heartbreakers' songwriting sensibilities (sure they may get a little more ornate sometimes, with Sam's Town seeming like an homage to Queen) and Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band's energy. Flowers' voice forces you to focus on the heart before the head. He's got a gift.
Such an amazing way to start a great set. So happy I made it out!!!
That was awesome, thanks so much! Beautifully done!
They were absolutely amazing at ACL!!!!
And then segueing into Mr. Brightside. Perfect tribute
Hi there,\n\nDid you shoot this video footage? If so, we would like to use it as part of an article on our website Radio X - http://www.radiox.co.uk and also  associated social media channels with a credit.  Could you please get back to me asap and let me know if this is ok? Many thanks!\n\nCrystal
The sentiment was lovely, but the result was awful. I've heard better bar bands---not that I expected the killers to live up to the musicianship of the Heartbreakers to begin with.
Not as good as Knack 2 tho
I knew I wanted to see this movie, but I so rarely see movies (just due to scheduling). This review was the kick in the ass I needed and holy shit, I loved it. Possibly one of my favorite movies of the past few years. Excellent.
Well I guess we gotta give Ridley Scott credit...
I completely agree. I loved this movie and do think it is an improvement over the original. I felt transported to another universe for 3 hours, and the story was decadent filled with characters that are well acted and that the audience grows to actually care about.
I love the theme of loneliness in the movie.
Oscar MUST consider this film during awards season. Reframed in that context I think it will finally attract the audience it was always meant to (i.e. people looking for long form art, not a blockbuster action film).
This movie was so fucking boring...
Oh my god, a movie that Chris Stuckmann and YMS agree on? Amazing. The only, ONLY reviewer or whatever that didn't like this movie was Cr1tikal and his opinion just comes from his lack of understanding of what Blade Runner is. His friend didn't even like the shining. Everyone else is in love. If even YMS is in love, then this really is one of the best sequels of all time. Alongside Aliens.
I saw this video the day it came out, watched the first five seconds, heard I thought it was phenominal and immediately closed the video to go watch the film. After finally getting a chance, I came back, watched the vid, and found myself in agreeance.  A lot of the things you said were things I happened to notice while watching the movie. You and other film critic channels (such as Ralphthemoviemaker) have really helped me learn about how cinematography works, and how to view films with a critical eye rather than that of the average movie goer. In many ways this has enhanced my experience watching films and I appreciate the lessons you've taught on the value of good film making.
I just saw this movie today. The theater was mostly empty unfortunately, but it's so good I decided I'm gonna have to see it at least two more times. I want more movies like this, please.
I'm sorry, how was every scene necessary? There's legit a whole scene of him sticking his hand in a beehive for 10 mins. He just walks around doing nothing for most of the film.\n\nI actually thought you were being sarcastic at points. This movie was so long and the plot was so thin it should have been an hour long.\n\nThe story was really predictable and kind of disappointing. Compare this to an episode of black mirror and there's no contest. Blade Runner 2049 wasn't thrilling, it wasn't exciting. It was mildly interesting at best.\n\nThe type of movie is also done to death with Ghost In The Shell and every dystopian sci-fi franchise ever being already produced. \n\nIt has no suspense or drama and it had a typical mustache twirling villain that drove the plot of the film. I wouldn't even call it dystopian, the drive of the film had nothing to do with the world. The world wasn't oppressive and the protagonist wasn't fighting against human nature, he was fighting against some big baddy. \n\nI also had no reason to care about the characters. I just found myself thinking, oh so they're dead okay.\n\nAny other sci-fi film has explored the concepts in this film a million times better than this did.\n\nIdk, maybe I should watch it again but idk why people are praising this film so much.
wtf, this review was the most positive review ive ever heard from Adam. So much so that I thought he had to be kidding. I'll definitely check this movie out
Oh fuck I didn't know the person who directed Arrival.\nI'll watch this.
Instead of doing DOOM maybe the director who's name I will not butcher can explore a possible live action Cowboy Bebop?? =D
Too bad it couldn't captivate audiences enough to see it... like the original couldn't...
9? Wow, the movie rubbed me in the wrong way for some reason, I would not give it more than a 6 or 7. Maybe an 8. I also watched the first Bladerunner a day before, and it left a better impression on me than the new one. The new one has some similar visual elements, but in my mind the new movie has a different tone than the first one. The first one from what I got out of it was about the struggle of a lower class. I feel that the new one has some themes that are better illustrated in Children of Men, and Moon, with regards to a rare birth and memory implants. The first movie was much more subtle, and better developed than the new one in my opinion. I wouldn't say that the new one sucks, but rather it is a sort of fancy average.
It was bloody awful, dry, slow and anti climatic. I agree the cinematography and visuals with the locations and props was excellent, but everything else was below par.
Could you please do a more in depth review of this movie. Would love to hear your opinions on the plot, wich was my biggest gripe with the film. I may just be stupid, but some things were quite confusing to me.
The one sequel, the ONE good sequel, and it tanks harder than the Cleveland Browns. Yippee.
If u like a movie just dont make a vid bout it
Someone who actually gives Leto his due how about that.
m gonna have to completely disagree with you about the pacing.  It felt like 7 hrs for me.
Blade Runner is a great film, as is the sequel, which is an extremely rare thing...   but alas, I'm heartbroken. It seems that the general public HAS voted with their wallets and Blade Runner 2049 is not the film they want. They don't want excellent pacing, cinematography, directing, acting, etc. Most want their Fast & Furious and Transformer schlock. If there is one thing I want to see happen (which probably won't) is that even if it's not the financial success we'd hoped it would be, I pray The Academy gets one thing right, and that's for 2049 to sweep all it's categories...          well, if it's even nominated, that is.
Every time Ryan Gosling's wife rang, the Peter and the Wolf ringtone made me immediately paint a mental image of Kenny initiating a plan to beat Spenny at a competition.
so this is what happens when a director who wants to say something gets an opportunity in 2017. I hope that people will support this with their $. denis villeneuve will never be unemployed anyways, but let's show that we, as general audience still have a good taste.
L E G I T I M A T E L Y
Pretty much the existence of this movie ruins that Deckard could be a replicant motif in the original, unless they just outright say / retcon that Deckard was an experimental replicant that could live as long as a human.\nNot complaining, just pointing it out.\n\nSpeaking of pointing something out, I think this movie's soundtrack broke one of the speakers in the theater I was in. About half way through, whenever there was an extremely bassy tone, one of the speakers behind me would get all static-y (which it hadn't been doing before). It wasn't overbearing, so it kind of added to the digital / analog hybrid tech style that Blade Runner has made iconic.
I don't have much money :(
I love how the director essentially took on this project because he loved the original and didn't want to see it fucked it by another director. \nLike, I'm not sure I'm perfect for this, but at least I'll show it respect and give it my best shot! Totally paid off.
I love this movie and that last minute of the video is really important. Aparently the movie is making a lot of money, just like the original, but we have the power to vote, we can have more like this instead of more Terminator movies! We have to choose with our wallets now that we can!
I'm starting to question myself over why I didn't like this movie ...
The opening scene have the extreme close up of an opening eye, just like the original. The ending have a replicant dying for the right cause, like the original.
I hope Denis gets Dune green lit.
I thought it was pretty good, bit slow and the rebellion plot was a bit unnecessary though
visually one the best movies iv ever seen, highly recommend seeing this in cinemas the sound made me feel like I was in a trance
I saw this movie and fell in love with it. I saw that you were reviewing it and my heart sank into my stomach. I respect and am heavy influenced by your reviews, but I was thinking “Please, Adam, go easy on this movie”. I am very happy you enjoyed it too.
K I N O
So amazing, denis is one of the best directors around, best fx ever with great music/acting/storytelling  10/10
Very Good film and a classic in 20 years from now , just a lot more times watching . Original at the moment still the best film ever made though .
You sure know how to sell a movie lol. Definitely going to see this now.
YES!!!!!!!! I SAW THIS AND WAS SCARED YOU MIGHT RIP IT TO SHREDS BUT YOU DIDNT!!!
Well I was on the fence and Adum once again pushed me off and said IT'S GOOD and I went oh ok
You sound like Force Gaming
Just came here for the first 4 seconds. Will come back when i actually watched it.
Am I the only one that found Luv and mister Wallace very boring? Luv felt kinda edgy with her oneliners and Wallace was just spouting some biblical mythology to sound deep. That's what I got out of it at least. Ryan gosling carried the movie for me.
Do a long review please
The original is more pure, it's never dull or slow cause it's telling the story at all times with multiple meanings to every scene, just think, he's continplating if hes a replicant during the entire movie and the reason for the pacing of the movie makes sense. That's how I see it.
Spoilers and theories ahead \n\n\n\n\n\nOk, am I the only one that saw Luv pop her head up after K supposedly drowns her? It’s during the last time K and Deckard look back at the sinking car. I’ve seen it twice now and I’m like 85% sure I saw her. I may be crazy, but I just wanted to put this out there in case anyone else noticed.
I don't know, it had too much hand carrying moments. When this happened the first time, I was like Oh yeah, by saying that thing Sapper Morton meant this, I should may closer attention to details. When this happened a third or so time with flashbacks and stuff, it was more of feeding you with processed information rather than letting you figure it out yourself, especially when I was starting to pay attention to those details, only to get frustrated later, because we're going to piece together all the information anyway. The ending was a nice break from that, but ultimately the presentation of the movie plot left a sour taste in my mouth.\nHowever, I need to point out that the score was pretty well done. I was afraid that it try to mimic some sort of version of vaporwave, since of its current presence, but instead I was presented with a more refined, albeit too sharp, version of original movie soundtrack. The first sounds I heard during the screening left me no doubt that I was in the right movie, and a nostalgic trip at the end gave me flashbacks of Roy Batty monologue.
Yeaaah, calling this movie better than the original is so wrong, so so wrong.
The plot was shit
You didnt go into spoilers, so maybe that's why, but like, there's a big flaw of predictability. \nSPOILERS:\n\n\nI'll start by saying I actually liked the film, for similar reason to what's said in the video, except for the flawless part, because the plot is part of the scenes, so even if they're well directed and shot, they are taken down by predictable writing, which isnt necessarily bad, but its not flawless. \nThere is problem with predictability. The big plot of who the kid is, was immensely predictable, maybe it was just me, but what, not even 20 minutes into the film, we see the sock and I immediately guessed they were setting up him to be the child, the second they mentioned it was a girl I figured out who it was and after the film I realized I picked up on all the set up to the plot twists, I remember thinking about the two identical DNA thing that it'd probably be a girl, idk if there was a shot that focused in on it or something, but that plus the horse toy which is not the usually associated with boys, plus the set up of the actual girl's auto immune disease, something that just isnt said it passing. \nAlso the prostitute/resistant synth, was also clearly being set up for something, I assumed she's get killed or talk the fall for him or help him in some way immediately when she was introduced and more so after the weird cyber sex, didnt piece her to the resistance/run away synths, but did predict that there'd be synths living in danger zones, because obviously they'd be about to endure it/not be effected by it as much as humans. And obviously there'd be a robo-revolution, because oppressed robots.
Darn I missheard it as 'doom' and got very excited for a second
Please review Zoombies, i beg of you.
The Force Awakens was a garbage movie. Why everyone on the internet collectively sucked the movie's metaphorical dick is beyond me.
Oh good. A great sequel came along...and it bombed big.
You should review IT
Thank god this film just wasn't a fucking bastardizing franchise starter (*cough... cough... An New Hope)
The journey of K is so fascinating and kept me on the edge the entire time. Wonderful film and in the rare category of a sequel being as good or better than the original.
Only shitty bit was the shoehorned rebellion sections other than that everything else was phenomenal.
This movie isn't making enough money. Looks like it's more Jurassic World for us.
and they finally make the film the nerds wanted and it flops...HARD.
I thought this movie had something from Drive in terms of Gosling's storyline. And something from Her. And something from Ghost in the Shell. And the main villian replicant looked like a fem-version of agent Smith from Matrix
You're right, it looks exactly like a generic sfi fi desktop background, whereas the original looks like a classic painting most of the time, every inch full of character, world-building, and stimulating contrasts. There's barely anything to look at in this film and everything that is there is a reference to the original (cars, raincoats, umbrellas, dramatic lighting...). It has no flavour or substance. As far as this movie is concerned this city contains prostitution, big tech corporations and nothing else. You learn more about the world in the first five minutes of the original than in this entire film. This would be fine if the plot had any interest at all, but it doesn't; it's two dramatic twists fall flat as the possibility of them happening is explicitly presented before they happen, the enemies are straight evil guys with no charm, redeeming qualities, or anything interesting to say. Ryan Gosling is given a single motivation and a love interest, and pursues them both in a predictable, unchanging, generic manner. The love interest is given a lot of minutes without really serving to flesh out his character or advance the plot in a significant way. Hans Zimmer's obnoxious soundtrack steadily wub-wubs up and down, pretending that something amazing is happening every few minutes, but it isn't, and it's only emotional resonance comes from the bits borrowed from Vangelis' original soundtrack, which serves as a constant reminder that you could be watching a far better film.
A visually satisfying dream-like experience from beginning to end with the minimalistic cinematography of legend Roger Deakins. Contributing to the atmospheric world of Blade Runner comes Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch who do a brilliant electric thunderous score to the atmospheric word of LA 2049. This is  definitely without a doubt, Denise Villenueve’s minimalism ‘cyberpunk’ masterpiece. Roger Deakin’s cinematography and Villenueve’s dark, grungy, vibrant directing style go hand in hand. They both seriously should work together more often, they both know what they’re doing. Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford were electrifying as always. Will definitely go back for another time to rewatch this beautiful artistry.
Holy fuck when you said he wanted to make a Dune my heart skipped a beat.
the entire middle of this movie, from the scene with love and madam, to the fight between love and k, is the single most chilling and impressive and awe-inspiring stretch of filmmaking i have ever seen
My one issue with the movie is that there's a little too much sequel baiting. Like they went out of their way to deliberately set up characters and plot threads to not resolve so they can make a Blade Runner 3. The entire subplot surrounding the conflict between the Wallace corporation and that replicant resistance. \nI guess you could argue thats just the backdrop for the main Gosling/Ford plot, and that the resolution was now that K has proved replicants can procreate they now have something to rally behind. They have cause for a revolution. But its left pretty open ended. Wallace is still making replicant slaves and they aren't fighting back.\nOtherwise, really great movie.
I also thought that Jared Leto was exceptional in this movie. His portrayal of that character was very convincing.
I just saw this and my feelings are decidedly mixed.  The production design was amazing and really feels like both a vision of our future and also a continuation of the original.\n\nHowever..\n\n*Spoilers*\nThe central conflict makes *absolutely no sense whatsoever* You are NOT going to convince me that growing people in tanks on an industrial scale is *less* efficient than our own, very sloppy, very slow, very risky method of reproduction.  If Wallace had wanted kill the child so he could stop the Replicants from gaining independence, that would be one thing but he doesn't.   He wants to breed Replicants, which makes no sense.  Replicants where used because they where 1. Disposable and 2. Easily Replaced.  If you have to have Replicants have kids then wait 20 years for them to grow up they are no longer disposable nor easy to replace. Really that little internal inconsistency just sent me hurtling out of the experience.
I liked the movie overall and the cinematography was undoubtedly phenomenal, but I did have a several problems. Maybe some will be resolved after a second viewing like with the original, but maybe not.\n\nSPOILERS\n\n1. The main plot point (replicant's pregnancy) is really only treated as a miracle with no explanation. Artificial beings with emotions are completely within the suspension of disbelief of a sci-fi movie because we might very well come to that point, but we know how biological birth works and the movie never even drops a hint of how that could be possible.\n\n2. The villains are really quite weak. The killer fem-bot's character is very inconsistent, one moment acting like an obedient machine, another showing cruelty and strong emotions for no reason. I understood what Roy Batty and his crew were after, but I never felt like I got Luv's character. Wallace, then, is just a very strange character, too mysterious for his own good. He wants to use the replicants as slaves and to accelerate their creation with Rachel's reproductive ability, but isn't independent reproductivity exactly what would make the replicants free and equal, therefore much harder to enslave and control?\n\n3. The abilities of the replicants are also very inconsistent. In the original movie, I never questioned their deaths since they all died of gunshot wounds, but why can a replicant drown just as easy as a normal human? What's even the point of making so many replicants when they have so many human weaknesses and their only apparent physical advantage is that they punch a bit harder? In the first movie I thought they were so human-like mainly because Tyrell was playing God and wanted to create beings more human than human, but Wallace seems to be following a much more practical goal.\n\n4. Is there anyone actually working in the police department? Does Wallace have unlimited control over the police forces? If not, then how can someone, the same person even, just waltz into a morgue and a high-ranking cop's office, murder someone in cold blood and leave like nothing happened? Maybe there's a deleted scene showing the inner corruption and Wallace's true power, but it seemed pretty strange in the movie.\n\n5. So can we all agree that the ending isn't happy at all and both Deckard and his daughter will be surrounded by Wallace's goons in a few hours or days? There's no way they'll consider Deckard dead without finding his body, especially with the shot-up hovercars and opened cuffs. They've found him in the middle of a radioactive desert, how long will it take in a city right under their noses? They'll soon find K's body on the steps of the memory lab, put two and two together and just like that Deckard's entire 30-year-long sacrifice is in vain. He can't escape with his daughter because of her immunity problem, so it's only a matter of time before Wallace comes for her and starts dissecting.
The soundtrack was utter shit though and often unnecessary.
Heading out to see it a second time tonight.  Lets hope a rough opening weekend doesn't mean bad things for that Dune remake.
Ok well it's not an improvement but it's a very good blockbuster and sequel.
I just googled the box office results. Opening weekend. Just over 30 mil. It cost 150 to make. I understand that profit is something everybody wants, but the people I really connect with are those that are happy to break even, perhaps even take a small loss, in order to create something that is remembered and studied and genuinely has you revisiting to appreciate. I will be going to see this movie again to make sure more like this get made. Now you too :)
Visually it was beautiful. I loved the atmosphere, I felt immersed in the world. What I didn't like is the story which is meh at best and pointless at worst, like how K is spared for no reason after being beaten the shit out of, or how Deckard is being brought to a whole other planet just to be interrogated. Makes no sense
I always find it interesting if I have another opinion on a movie than the majority and so I ask you guys what I might've missed here. \n\nFirst of all, I I LOVE the original, surely a Top20 film for me. I also like Villeneuve, especially Arrival and Prisoners, while Sicario was ok (Enemy was not my thing at all so it's useless to complain about it I guess. I'm just not into surrealistic stuff).  \n\nSo to my experience with the new Blade Runner: I did not care for this movie at all. It was not horrible or anything, but I felt myself completely unengaged the whole time. The performances were alright, but what exactly did Ryan Gosling do to deserve praise here? Adam says great, just as usual - and I agree with the second part. He mostly just stares into the void (remember the RLM video where they wanna cast Rich Evans as the lead?).\n\nThe visuals where definitely good but how could you feel that they were better than the original. 1982's Blade Runner, for me, ist THE BEST looking movie ever (not the best movie, but the best looking). This one, well, looked good. But it never managed to make me gasp or anything like that. I actually even found the Ghost in the Shell Remake to be better looking.\n\nThe soundtrack was the only thing that I actively like here, but, well, a lot of it was pretty similar to the original score, so I don't wanna give to much credit for that. \n\nAnd what I really don't get at all: how on earth was this movie superior in terms of conetent than the original. Honestly, I can't even find any philosophical themes that weren't already there and were much better presented in the original. What was this movie even about? About dying for a greater cause being the most human thing? I honestly just don't know. \n\nAgain, the reason why I write this is because I look for someone who can explain this movie for me. Personally, I was never invested in the characters or the story. Both felt rather generic to me. I also couldn't really make out any new philosophical themes. And in the end I was just wondering: what was I supposed to get out of this?
All of you, go see this again.
Just watched the saw videos \nCan't wait for the new jigsaw to come out and you do a YMS on it
This movie is pretty but it's way worse than the original. It literally explores the exact same themes as the first and takes way more time to do it. The first didn't need a sequel. It's a film that shouldn't exist and besides being mostly very gorgeous it doesn't do anything to justify it's existence. all of the connections to the first film feel so strained and shallow.  I still liked it but no way in hell does it hold a candle to the original. IDK, I really want to watch it again but I really don't expect my mind to change.
Women in the sci-fi sequel are either prostitutes, holographic housewives or they die brutal deaths that we are forced to watch in horrifying detail.
Vote with your wallets, people
42nd on trending \n\n\n\n\nGOOD JOB
Wtf is episode 7?
hype hype hype ... beautiful visuals gimmicks already forgotten in 3, 2, 1.
tfw you liked Jurassic World
No thanks.
Dull, self indulgent nonsense. Complete with clunky dialogue and cardboard performances.
Denis didn't release a film in 2014.
I hate movie goers these days... they get a masterpiece in all cinemas around them and all they care about is a trailer for another shitty ultra remix star wars movie
... Why is...\nWhat\nMy family and I went and saw it and it was the only time we were all in agreement about a movie.\nWe hated it, I can't find anything I like about it?
Will I be able to enjoy it if I've never seen the first one?
Adam giving a movie a 10?
I’m glad I watched your review for this because I grew up watching the original Blade Runner thanks to my dad so I got really excited when the sequel got announced. And hearing that it’s good gives me joy because I really wanted to be a success so thank you for your review
I just saw it and it's not very good tbh.\nIt doesn't even feel like a Blade Runner movie at all.\nMore like a dumbed down movie made for lazy millenials with boring villians and story beats we have seen a million times before. The world unlike the original feels soul-less and not lived in. It's just tons of pretty pictures.\nThe story is ok(If it was not called Blade Runner) but everything basically falls apart when Harrison Ford shows up and the movie turns into cliche'-galore.\nThis is not a Blade Runner movie. This is decent fan fiction at best and i personally woulden't even count it as canon.
I wanted to watch it again as soon as it was over
Saw it on Friday, awesome movie.
Excuse me but what is it to this particular movie that was not previously explored and shown in Her, Equilibrium, Chlidren of Men and some others? What is so unique in terms of themes, plot points and questions that it asks you? Anyone?
I'm planning on seeing this in the theater, but i still have a question - would you say Harrison Ford's emphasis in the poster outweighs his emphasis in the film?
A few nitpicks I had with this overall amazing movie. The SONY advertisement crap was very distracting, not to forget about the Coca Cola that's in every Sony pictures as well. \n\nThe Final Boss fight was not very well handled, Trying not to spoil anything, but two dark clad people fighting in the dark, while the camera constantly swifts to a different person, only to return to the fight from the opposite camera angle making it hard to get invested in. Also the final Boss changed character so suddenly in the movie I had a hard time feeling motivated in the villains arc.\n\nThe fight scene between Dekard and K seemed a bit forced, like why not just say why you where there, really? And when the movie decides to kill off a character they made it very clear that, that person was going to die soon.\n\nLast thing is a small thing, but in a visual movie like this I wish they had recorded it on film and not digital, I know Sony would never allow Panavision 70mm in their movies, but the absence of pitch black and only dark grey is a real shame. (Now granted I didn't see it in a IMAX theater, but black was just not there where I saw the movie).\n\nAll in all these are small things, now go watch this movie!
Why is this trending.
everyone needs to put her out of her misery and not vote for her to stay another week.
So glad Bruno backed Shirley Ballas and told Brendan where to shove it. Utterly disrespectful, he's always had such an anger problem.
Didn't enjoy this one. Charlotte just seemed awkward and uncomfortable through out. Also Brendan's comment was completely uncalled for. Well done to Bruno for calling him on it.
Awful he had to drag her to keep her frame up . And Brendan giving flack to Shirley since she started can he not take being judged by a woman? His snarky comments help no one especially Charlotte
Firstly, Charlotte looks like a matured version of Taylor Swift. But quit trying to make her look sexy, Brendan. She's clearly not comfortable looking sexy. Somehow I felt she was not keeping to the steady tango walk (she went up and down against Brendan), I think she forgot to flex her knees. Not good still. 5
Bloody hell people, what's the matter with you? This was a perfectly acceptable dance for week 2. She had a few moments of rise and fall, but it certainly wasn't as much as Shirley seemed to think. Brendan stuck up for Charlotte because Shirley crucified her dance when it wasn't deserved; she'd make marked improvements and had many good points to praise. It's clear that Charlotte lacks in confidence, and I feel that Shirley comments were more about knocking Brendan than they were about critiquing Charlotte. There were other pairs that night who were spoken to far more kindly than Charlotte was and her performance was far better. I think the judges sometimes forget that they are speaking to other adults, not children.
Terrible dance and she's getting dragged across the floor! Also Brendan's attitude needs to be sorted, it's a competition but at the end of the day it's a bit of fun. He takes it too seriously, that's not what dancing is about!
Yeah, that foxtrot seems a million miles away now. She's just getting shoved around. Also, shut up Brendan. 3.0/10
Poor dancer..
Charlotte doesn't have the technique or is even entertaining on the dance floor.... it's normal that her scores are low same with Ruth p.ex Susan may not be a great dancer but you can see she's enjoying herself..I much rather watch a bad happy dancer than a train wreck :(
Dragged from pillar to post... poor girl. Nerves again got the better of her I think. Could have been dynamic and staccato with the right paring...\n\nI just don't think they are gelling at all. Charlotte looked MORTIFIED when Brendan had a go at Shirley... Not nice to watch on an entertainment show. These two clearly have beef off-set. We the public don't want or need to see that.\n\nI hope they go tonight, getting unpleasant again (he was ott on 'It Takes Two' last week.) sadly and no-one should display the anger that Brendan did there... poor. Bring on Neil next year and get rid of Brendan.
I think that the judges were fair and there was no need for Brendan to answer back to the HEAD judge like that. He was just dragging her across the floor. I didn't like it
The judges were quite harsh, but Brendan had no excuse to act like such an ass. \nI don't think she's enjoying the competition at all, would probably be relieved to go out this week tbh.
This had rise and fall, and her frame was not strong enough. 4/10.
The thing with Shirley is that I am actually learning about the dances. I like the detail she puts into her critiques. Brendan really just needs to remind himself it's Sat night tv. Laugh it off like Anton. He's making it hard for Charlotte to enjoy herself. She just looks scared and non enthused and unlike the second shooter you cannot debate the fact that there WAS rise and bloody fall!!!
This woman can't dance
I think that Shirley was too harsh. What she said was right but she talks to some in a rude way rather than a constructive way! Brendan was a bit quick to argue back but I think he could hear the way she talks to others in comparison to the way she talks to charlotte and I'm not surprised he was angry! Charlotte was nervous and clearly just needed someone to acknowledge her efforts rather than just lay into her. It is only week 3
terrble dragged around not good brendan was horrible to shirley 3/10
She has no personality... Such a boring contestant..
Poor Charlotte, looks so uncomfortable when Brandon back talks Shirley. She has a higher status than you, do not have a go at someone who clearly knows what their talking about
Can I get a thumbs up here folks? Hey @BBCStrictly - you know what makes for uncomfortable television? Not watching poor old Charlotte plod around the floor - but watching that angry, narcissist Brendan Cole. He can't take a woman judging him, especially one that knows more about dancing than he ever will and that also beat him to the judging position he wanted. He's rude, disrespectul, takes himself waaaay too seriously and should be warned that if he keeps this up he'll be off the show. Nobody wants to watch this angry man bring the show down. Tell him to shut it - or leave.
Who?
She didn't seem comfortable at all and there was almost no sticatto from Charlotte. She showed promise in Week 1, but I feel like she's only gonna shine in those Waltz-esque dances.\n\n4/10
Ah yes, there is a little rise and fall towards the end. Not down low enough and she is an awkward, self conscious dancer but maybe she can improve.
Charlotte looked gorgeous but unfortunately she looked prettier then how she danced this was a hot mess 4/10
Unfortunately, this dance didn't suit her. Her posture and her frame were bad. Her footwork was bad - no heel leads at all. In addition, there was no emotion, she didn't portrayed the character of this dance... she looked  cold and even nervous.... the choreography was great, her musicality was excellent and her standing spin was very good, but the rest of the dance (in terms of hold, posture, technique and performance) were disappointing. A 5.
WHO IS HERE JUST TO SEE IF SHIRLEY WAS RIGHT ABOUT THE RISE AND FALL LOL
Charlotte is like a mannequin.
Disaster, Charlotte is way too far to the right of Brendan which is distorting the frame. This seems like a rushed job as she appeases to be skipping along the floor which is creating the illusion that they’re using rise and fall which is not the way a tango should be done... Totally agree with Shirley. I score this a 3.
she looks gorgeous every week but my guess is she was terrified again because she looked joyless out there :(
Feel like Charlotte and Brendan don't get along... he takes it way to seriously and needs to relax a bit.  You can tell she is so tense especially when getting the scores
Brendan needs to learn to shut his mouth
I do see where everyone is coming from but brendon is just saying what he has to say because most peole just smile and nod their heads but i surpose everyone was being harah except charlotte
i like Charlotte...but my God...she is awful
Brendan shouldn't have said there was no rise and fall until he'd watched the dance back. He'd made himself look a bit of an idiot after a few million of us had watched Charlotte rising and falling .....
Why the hell is this trending?
Brendan had a right to stick up for his partner.its only week three she never danced before(unlike some people on the show )u can tell sheirly dosnt like Brendan tentoin onto nights show proves it. Well done u to u can improve each week.xx
Clear rise and fall - you don’t need to be a dance expert to be able to see that (and I’m not) - the judges were right, Brendan!!
Are we still doing phrasing?!
I can understand why the rise and fall was there. If you look closely, you can see it's because she keeps quite low while moving in hold. When she straightens up in the dance to pose and because of her height it looks like a rise. I think Shirley is waay too harsh.
She should have gone home, just doesn't seem to care and no effort is shown, this dance would have been amazing if it was someone else
Surprising, if disappointing, lack of Archer related comments...
Well done Brendan for sticking up for your lady in a respectful way.  Shirley was unkind and Bruno joining in just made him look like a  bully
yasss the old Brendan is back
She is so graceful, but he pushes her about too much and makes the dance about himself. The dance would be much less stunted if he wasn’t pushing her around. Also do keep your mouth shut Brendan. You are the most unpleasant dancer we’ve had on strictly, and you have no right to try and correct a judge, especially Shirley, head judge. Well done to Bruno to putting you in your place.
I'm surprised Brendan is still on the show as I don't think he has the spirit of it- too serious
this is disappointing i thought after her first dance she showed promise and potential but these last 2 dances have not been good she's in danger tomorrow i think Charlotte and Rev Richard will be in the dance off
She looks REALLY uncomftable
DANGER ZONE!!!
Welcome back old Brendan! We didn't miss you.
Why the fluff is this 11 on trending
Charlotte looks like  a homeless Taylor swift
If this was a dance that required 'Rise and Fall' the judges would probably have said that it was non existent. Bruno is the arch exponent of rise and fall,  he can barely keep his posterior positioned on his chair.
i'm going to be generous with my remarks here. Charlotte definitely gets nervous beforehand and that affects her ability to dance. I think she played the character of the Tango very well actually. my mark - 6.
A nice girl but a little stiff in the hips.
Mr I Fancy Myself Strikes again I really hate him
Brandon is known to be hotheaded but for her sake he needs to be carafull. It's all about her, not him.
The problem with Brendan is that he is insufferable. Even if he is part of s fantastic dance I still don’t enjoy it.
She needs to feel more comfortable with Brendan, trust him and let him lead! Good week 1, but there is more improvement needed. 4/10
If she isn't in the dance off she needs to come back strong better than last week but not good enough that motorbike looks expensive, 5
Wow nice cute but the best
As a dancer Charlotte is being throne round by Brendon because she is doing everything really bad like her frame no offence but also Brendon was very rude to the judges !
She’s just shit
They're through for another week
Charlotte gets nervous ,she looked great,but I bet she doesn't like showing so much flesh..that effects her dance routines..I thought harshly marked as much improvement...up to judges to give her confidence not tear into her.judges you can tell have their favourites...strictly possibly coming to the end of its run now!
Brendan was disrespectful to Shirley. His choreography is not really that good nor is his teaching style. Remember what happened with Anastasia? He just couldn’t choreograph something that would make her shine or teach her basics. He gets sick and in come Gorka. He taught her and choreographed a beautiful routine which was her highest score. Brendan returns and they get eliminated. I think it’s time for him to go
Brendon said he messed up....where in the routine did he mess up?
Hm, I did like it though. Wasn't the best dance ever of course. But still enjoyable. I think the judges votes for them are more of a personal vote than a professional vote. They are really harsh on Charlotte.....
Beauty... But dead behind the eyes
Gosh i want her out, she's just not good
No sense of rhythm.
Why is this on trending? #8
Change of the jacket and these two could easily play sandy and Danny 💙
I congratulate her on coming back from last week's display, but the potential of her Foxtrot in week 1 is becoming a distant memory.If she survives this week, I hope she starts a) enjoying herself and b)discovering some performance skills and characterisation-I think that would help her actually and Brendan for that matter.
better than last week but there is still room for improvement
A little improvement. Needs a little bit more improvement to get to week 4. 3
I wish the judges would stop being so harsh and having favourites!!! The dance was brilliant - I enjoyed it and I'm sure all #TeamCharcole fans enjoyed it as well!
She’s hurtin’ for a squirtin’
I protect these two so much, Shirley may have been right about the rise and fall but no need to tear the poor girl to shreds. Feel like the judges have it in for team Charcole, Craig was actually the nicest! Well, despite it being 3rd from bottom, a HUGE improvement on last week, well done! Just keep building that confidence up, fingers crossed for team Charcole!
Most gallant of Brendan to defend his partner.  Especially considering that the head judge has a tendency to mark down the female contestants.
Wasn't impressed last week but was a big improvement however the judges were too harsh on Brendan but his comments weren't appreciated\n5
I'm disappointed. I said she'll pull it back with some ballroom this week, guess I was wrong. She could be in trouble. Not good. 4.
Wooden horse comes to mind
Trending? More like Tossed money at YouTube.\n\nYou really expect us to believe that this video that hasn't even hit 100k views in over a day is trending?\n\nGeeze just make a tab called  'Paid Promotions' please.
Someone please explain what rise and fall is?!?!?!
How is this trending 😂😂
What's a rise and fall?
I'm seriously annoyed with Brendan acting like that, saying Shirley doesn't know what she's talking about, but I suppose I shouldn't be surprised.
I don't see why people keep on hating on her 🤔 I know she's not the greatest dancer there but can't u see the improvement from last week. Brendon's answering back has just ruined it for her Because now she's caught up between the judges and Brendon disagreement .From now on I'm only expecting low scores and I literally feel so sorry for her 😩😭.i just hope that the judges give her a chance to boost her confidence like how she was like at the beginning of the show
I'm actually on Brendan's side with the whole Brendan and Shirley conflict! I like how he defends himself. Not a huge fan of Shirley
I no longer live where I can watch this live and am limited to the videos that are posted here on youtube.  A lot of the comments mention Brendan's comments.  What happened???
Who else realises that Brendan has to make a speech every time him and his partner get slightly bad comments? - I can't be the only one. Right?\n\nBrendan was of course lying - that or he's a very bad choreographer. It had loads of rise and fall.
I apologize. Even though I'm a huge fan of the show, I don't know a lot about techniques of dancing and their names. What is a rise and fall? :)
unexpected perfection.
The old gun running away at the end killed me
Masterpiece comrade!!!
I'm torn inside between laughing my ass off of how hilarious it is and crying my eyes out because of how ashamed it makes me feel for my country of origin. I've witnessed this kind of things way more often than I should've.
Whoever made this video is a genius!!
Best video on trending by far.
classic Kolja
That's actually a normal day in russia
YES! MAKE A SERIES PLZ SOMEONE
cyka
Congratulations I have discovered you. I am going to make you famous
Hold tight skutnu hold tight asneej
Funny!
The best thing on internet!!!
Looks more like scotland
haha nice video guy's, I lol, Love to Russia.
I'm russian and it's still hilarious :D.
thats actually a boring day in russia
Whoever made it is a fucking genius
20 seconds in I was like this is not funny at all and then it happened 😂😂😂
*C Y K A  B L A T*
Could you please link the original video? I would like to listen to it with original audio :)
*C Y K A  B L Y A T  R U S H  B  I D I  N A H U I*
аффтара тоже путин создал, мудак получился, но смешной такие же как эти рашен быдло
ting goes skrra
--i--want--this--show--!!
Papa Putin is proud
Kolija the Best!
Yer Russian Da drunk on vodka
Shubscreebed!
V.O.D.K.A A.F.
пидарас, иди нахуй сука!
Kolja is definetely my favourite
Only in Russia
That escalated quickly
Very very very fukin funny
Trending 😍
Better than sex
Cyka blyat
0:20 that punch was hilarious
Lmao this is pure jokes
Мда, вот оно истинное лицо России для мирового сообщества, еще и трендах круто, а и да Путин хуйло(оценочное суждение)
KOSTJA KOSTJA
Drunken aggressive Russians with no dress sense, well I never
It's funny to laugh at retarded Russians
Hol tight Ratnu
Liberal youtube is trending this to portray Russians in a bad way, call me a nut or anything you want i don't care
Лайк, если ты русский, зашёл ради прикола в английские тренды, а тут такое 😅
Pidar
Vladimir Putin did not do it. this was done by Boris Yeltsin
How is this trending
Stealing content kek.
Всем мужчинам на видео нет и тридцати лет...
ACCORDING TO CENTER PLATE...PENCE HAD NO INTENTION OF STAYING FOR THE GAME, MADE COMMENTS THEY HAD TO GO MAKE SOME MONEY,REFERRING TO A FUNDRAISER IN CALIFORNIA THAT EVENING.  MOTORCADE TOLD TO WAIT A FEW MINUTES, REROUTED TRAFFIC IN DOWNTOWN INDIANAPOLIS GROUP OF STUDENTS MISSED FLIGHT DUE TO TRAFFIC BEING STOPPED, STADIUM WORKERS TOLD NOT TO TAKE PICTURES OF  WAITING MOTORCADE OR PENCE LEAVING.
Skip never had to deal with a REAL NIGGA or speak on these issues on ESPN but now he's slowly 😱
Skip is praising Trump as shred while ignoring that it's against the Constitution for the President to force citizens into faux patriotism. I'm glad Shannon called that thought out as ridiculous.\n\nShannon stays killing these issues.
Walk out who gives a fuck
This sounds like nazi Germany ! The government Has been paying close attention to the protest and has done nothing about it but divide the country . That’s really sad that there’s people out there in the world that are so naïve To not know what’s going on In are Country. To the racist cops out there F**K YOU !!! I believe the racist cops fear with they don’t understand . SCARY ASS MOTHERF**KERS!
Players: The power is in your hands, without you there will be NO GAME.....call it.
MAN i wouldn't DO shit,FUCK THAT patriotism,FLAG,ANTHEM&THIS fucking country,but NOT military OR men&women THAT is serving NOW
Skip Bayless trying so hard to hide his white guilt
They take it out of schools but expect a nation of people to respect and honor it.each individual is gonna have their separate experiences that determine how patriotic you are to a government.if these actions are viewed as disrespectful unpatriotic and all other terms that makes sense because that's gonna get immediate attention and response so seems logical given the number of years and countless acts of violence kids and adults of minority families have endured. They'll never have a voice so that's when the expectation of the celebrity actors and athletes as well as other prominate African and Latino Americans.
Cry me a river😂😂😂😂😂 Who cares about the black injustice in this country. Do us a favor and take your ungrateful asses back to Africa.
Colin Kaepernick started this wildfire with pig socks and a knee against police brutality.....the Black community needs to have a TALK IN THEIR OWN COMMUNITY............STOP BEING THUGS.....how many players have RAP SHEETS...the NFL IS NOW BEING CALLED THE NATIONAL FELON'S LEAGUE..........being black does not give you the right to KILL EACH OTHER, ROB, STEAL, LOOT. CAR JACK....SELL DRUGS, TRAFFICK DRUGS.....etc, and etc.  KAP may have started it, but WE THE FANS ARE GONNA END IT....cause in the end...y'all work for US......and since you've given everybody the BIG F- YOU......here's how its gonna go down.......WE'RE ON THE BOYCOTT TRAIN...AND IT'S GOING STRAIGHT THRU SUPERBOWL.....YOU THOUGHT ROSA PARKS HAD A BIG BOYCOTT????.........THIS BOYCOTT IS GONNA SEND THE NFL INTO BANKRUPTCY!!!!!
Players should strike and let the NFL crumble if you stand for nothing you'll fall for anything!!
It's not the kneeling that's the issue....it's the reason why they are kneeling.  If those players took a knee to protest how America treats some of its veterans after war, then Trump and his minions would be ok with that. But since the protest is about systemic racism and issues Black folks face in America, its deemed as being disrespectful.
I don't know why blacks want to control the conversation on race. We can't be the judge jury and discipline as well as victim.
This is the time for black NFL players to stand up and be real black men. Every black player in the NFL should kneel during the anthem for racial justice and racial equality. The kneeling has nothing to do with patriotism. This is about your black children and all black children who look up to you. Are you going to be Scared, an Uncle Tom or a slave on the NFL plantation that Jerry Jones and Donald Trump are creating, or are you going to stand up like strong black men. You are nof being waterhosed, beaten, lynched, or any of the things that other black people went through to give you the chance to play in the NFL and make millions. You can no longer walk away from the racism that is real in America. You have to kneel. You have to take a stand. If you don't stand for racial justice now  you never will. Martin Luther King and Malcolm X will hang their head in heaven at your lack of guts. The knowledge is that the anthem was written by a slave owner and the third stanza is directly against black people. Black people should never stand for the National Anthem. It is time for the Anthem to be changed. Get some knowledge.
They didn't lose sight they never wanted to see it, the issue has still not been addressed, I get it, white people love America,why not it's been great to white America, so many crimes against humanity; but if that humanity ain't white to them it don't matter, so what are the players standing for again.
a country in which the people fear the government is a dictatorship, a country which fears its people is a democracy ...just us here...
Whether black players kneel or not, people -  you know, WHITE people - will continue to attend NFL football games. That being said, it's obvious from today's events that the NFL, for whatever reason and to whatever extent, is feeling pressure. In other words, the owners feel this could all cost them MONEY. I believe fans will see this as a victory, even IF black players continue to kneel. So maybe it's a win/win.
I 100 pecent agree fire them. If someone worked at McDonalds and refused to wear name tag or uniform or say welcome to McDonalds they would be fired on the spot. These athletes probably have not worked another job besides football . Maybe a few in high school did maybe ??? So humble them they got rules at a job like anybody else
I love Shannon but goddamn brother, them ugly ass suit patterns got to stop. All that money out the window on that fugly crap. Still love you Shannon
It's funny.  The same people who hate people who protest racial inequality and police issues have NO problems with the very things these players are protesting.  Maybe I missed it, but I haven't seen ONE white player kneel.  Why is that?  Doesn't racial inequality and police brutality offend them?  People who look Mexican getting arrested by that sheriff in Arizona, no problem, black teens getting shot buy overzealous police, no problem, electing a president who colludes with a foreign power for his own political power no problem, supporting a president who thinks there were fine people in the nazi marches, no problem, KNEEL to protest these despicable acts.  PROBLEM.  There is an unwritten rule in this country, whites protesting are patriots minorities protesting are complainers and should be grateful this country gave them millions of dollars to play football.  Look, I understand military families who feel a certain way about the flag but last time I checked this is still America,  you can't FORCE me to value the same things you do.  \n\nConservatives love personal freedoms unless it is expressed by non whites.  Conservatives love personal freedoms until others disagree with their points of view.  In those cases, they must obey.  Anyone offended by kneeling should be outraged that they themselves are complicit in the very deaths of those in Las Vegas.  The problem with this country is  that citizens (including myself) do nothing when the downtrodden and poor are persecuted, and if you dare side with those who are being slighted then you are marked as anti flag and anti American.  People on the far right (not your average republicans) only care about the poor and sick when it's THEM getting hurt otherwise they care nothing for their fellow citizens.  Nobody cared about gun violence on the right until a country concert was targeted, Reagan didn't care about AIDS until his friend got it, Dick Cheney didn't care for gays until his daughter said she was a lesbian, nobody cared about the drug problem in this country until rural whites were overdosing on pills, etc etc etc.  We can do better.
They should all not stand and if their contracts are suspended they have a class action lawsuit in their favor, not just against Jones, but the NFL. They'll get more money from a settlement and be healthier as former NFL players not tacking blows to the head.
Woah, woah, woah....revelation, the NFL owners are all about profit?!?!?!
Lmao disrespectful to the soliders how many soliders are homeless and these people in government dont do a thing about it, SMH
OK it was on purpose. Good!!lol\nShannon is a girls name and he ain't so Sharp!!
This is systematic oppression/racism coming directly from the very top of the system in question- the White House and the US President. The NFL is one big old plantation word to 40 million dollar slaves.
Shannon's right, it's become about disrespecting the flag or the military. Rather than inequality and injustice.
We have a president who take about grabbing women by the pussy because he is powerful enough to do so. An American flag they pretend to cherish yet each summer is worn as a goddamn floss bikini up some strippers ass crack on the beach. Donald fucking Trump loves America so much that he received 5 deferments from the Vietnam war because he had… And I am not shitting you… Fucking heel spurs.
Shannon Sharpe is the only black man I ever seen on tv to speak his mind.
So where is the debate between Jeremy Lin and Kenyon Martin.  Ofc the liberal biased media doesn't give a shit about asians or any other race when a black person says something ignorant and racist
Shannon really HATES Trump to the point that he can't see that the NFL did this to themselves and did exactly what they accused President Trump of doing (Creating division).....And now they are facing a fan backlash over protests that have zero business taken place on the field to begin with.....There's a time and a place to voice your political opinions....And last I checked, The President has the right to voice his opinion, whether you like it or not (Though, I disagree with the sob's and firing comments)....How about these NFL players start calling out the real issue of domestic violence within their own organization?....or better yet, the serious problem of black on black crime in places like Chicago?....No?....Everyone has their own opinions, and you can't force people to accept the narrative that America is a bad and evil oppressive place to live in when these NFL players (who are suceessful talented athletes) are making millions a year, while the average American has to sometimes work two jobs just to get by....You have the platform and the financial means to make a real difference....Kneeling will only do so much, getting out there and fighting to fix the issues you feel so strongly about would help a hell of a lot more.
first amendment freedom of speech? wtf is wrong with  Americans ? constitution? read it!!!!!
I remember all of Shannon's social commentary when he played and had a paycheck riding on it, no wait, he didn't say a word when his dollars were on the line. Now that he's a discounted Steven A he is the torch bearer. Embarrassing.
Prediction.. CIA false flag attack at a NFL game probably bombs this time. Look for announced Fema drills or active shooter drills at or near a stadium.
Black men are sterotypically expected to only be able to make money at sports and entertainment.  I pray our men will find other ways to express your talent so orange people cannot hold your check over your heads. DAMN SHAME!!
If my boss tells me to do something, I say yes sir.  His team his rules.  Its too controversial of a time to protest during the National Anthem especially because the stats don't back up the protests purpose.  According to the Washington Post there has been 761 police shootings this year, of those 9 of them were of unarmed black men, and many of those cases there were other criminal activities leading to the shootings. I'm angry with it because I think politics should be out of sports, but I am also angry with it because I think what they are protesting is statistically wrong.
The White House is full of hate that wants to be spread across our wonderful by hateful men. One person in particular wants this hate to last forever.
Why don't all the black players lay down on DAllas like Jerry laid down on them and watch Dallas go 0 and forever lmbao lets go Steelers nation
Really? That’s how much they care for the flag? That’s why the are against printing it on cups, underwear, and napkins where they end up in garbage?!! You are patriotic to the ppl and humanity, not to a piece of cloth.
Shannon has good points, however, Shannon made his millions in Denver, and now has no fear to speak truth to power because he has the millions banked. Mr. Sharpe, you are a good guy, and I want some of the Mary Jane you smoke, but this is a capitalist society, and money talks
Disrespecting the flag is a meaningless phrase, so it's easy to criticize people who do it. White cops killing black people is a fact in the real world. That's what decent people will oppose.
Well that peace of shit president change the narrative of why people are not attending or viewing games. Be because the reason people like myself do not want to watch games or attend  is because of the issue of oppressed black people being shot  indiscriminately. Not because people are taking a knee that's races white trash rhetoric we need to keep the focus and the conversation on why the NFL is being boycotted not because of hillbilly racist fucks thinking that people are disrespecting the flag.
Does this ring a bell?! This is what Trump was speaking on when he said Calm before the storm during that photo shoot with military commanders and spouses. Most say it was directed at North Korea and Iran, but as we all know Trump has been more focused on the NFL than anything. Food for thought!
Until we as a ppl join together and stop the bullshit. As a military veteran black ppl will neva be successful stand today or die tomorrow
Fuck TRUMP , PENCE & JONES ! Of course Jerry Jones doesn't care about his players , and what an idiot Trump and Pence are. Trying to fool us that Mike Pence was actually going to stay and watch a football game.
*We did not want a \n conversation  on the race issue in America.  *We do not know the difference between law and custom . If we find for sure there is no law saying that an American citizen must sing , stand or salute for the anthem or the American flag there is a great possibility that other customs rooted in slavery , oppression of the weak and to learn that much of this bully patriotism is a misnomer . It is simple the gun controllers and carriers bullying the same people they bullied four centuries ago . Back then it was not called racism or patriotism; it was called economics.   Stay tuned ; Black Wall St. was never called a tragedy in white historians eyes .
By the way, they have a football league in Canada also, who would love to pay better athletes to play in their league. No player should be afraid of an owner who demands they give up their rights after they sign a contract that does not inform them that they are now a property and have no choice. Hope all the owners that fold loose all their sponsorship and go bankrupt.  Fuck NFL owners.
so now the President gets to make a phone call and or sends a tweet and order that you can be fired!!! he gets to threaten private citizens
If i have to stand for the flag then can we stand and worship our lord and savior Jesus Christ before every game?
I don’t like skip he seems like a wolf in sheeps clothing in my opinion
I think it's a time for players to come together and raise funds to fight police brutality, and lopsided Court Justice TOGETHER off the field now. The point has been made. Let's get back to playing football but showing our support off the field against this corrupt justice system. Pool their funds together and help get these young kids attorneys and legal representation, etc...
Shannon it's ok to take for the black people they black an skip you are white u caint take up for the white person if u do you will b racist  lmao tell if that's not the truth
didn't they as a team kneel ? lol couple weeks ago?
once you back skip bayless into a corner his true colors begin to show. suspected white supremacists will always defend their own no matter what, there was no way skip was gonna call out Jerry Jones and he never will. skip is good for pretending like he's down for the cause but once you put someone he likes on trial he can't help but defend them, skip stays on code when it's time to..
The players could stand, but turn their backs as the Anthem is played.
How about  a sports show h\nthat talks about sports !!!!!!
How about you honor the purpose of the players kneeling Jerry? I hope you’re whole gyot dayum team kneel.
What Shannon is saying is so real and skip is just being white as he should he doesn't want to be labeled as a race trader just like the rest of these white folks that agree with what's going on
Skip Bayless is complicit in white supremacy for sympathizing. Always surprised whenever I see albinos who use reason over the white privilege of being a jingoistic doctrinaire with no compunctions.
The anthem is not televised because we care more about commercials than the anthem. People go to concession stands or talk or text or chill when they're in the stadium...some stand...some don't. It's never been a big deal. Whether you stand or not, it doesn't mean you don't respect the veterans or the republic for which it stands. Furthermore, many of our veterans are homeless and lack proper healthcare. They don't come home from war to mansions and parades and a life of luxury after they've paid a bigger debt to society than any of us and they're disregarded by the American government -- FACTS!! So stop trying to make this about something that it's not. It's about racism...plain and simple.
Love how Jerry Jones is the bad guy in this. We just finished 4 preseason games and 5 regular season games. And they still kneel? Kneeling is to bring awareness to your grievance. Now, WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT? I havent heard any effort to do anything. Meet with your local police, politicians, round table discussions, put it all out on the table. ALL of it. Things that lead to stereotypes. Actual crime figures that lead to profiling. The whys of it all. It shows there isnt an effort to solve this. Its just to lazily kneel for something you are showing by week 5, there is not a gameplan. If this is your end game, you havent even started.
Why don't the players and people who are concerned take action?  Protesting is great action is better.
Hopefully blacks will finally learn that this is the way many whites have always thought about us and our plight in the country. All black players need to stop playing in the nfl for these plantation owners, come together, and start their own professional football league! The remaining 30% of the nfl players can play against each other, while the other 70% of nfl players play in their new league play against each other. We all know it's already like this in almost every aspect of our society anyway, churches, neighborhoods, schools, application of the punishment for crimes committed example: crack vs. opheim, etc..REAL TALK!
lol mike Pence is funny. this dont have nothing to do with a flag
Shannon telling it like it is! Again! Love this brotha
Whos intent?\n The stage of football, does it breed men of educated charector;Or, has TV contracts of economic support bread People of Fools Gold?\n Nothing will matter until these Agressive Ignorents are hit in there pocket books. The NFL is a busness with obnoxious spoild brat employes. I will never patronize such a busness. This busness condition now, is the clumanation of the Usefull Idiots taught by The New Left. Ignorent beings of there own demise, cannon fodder of a political action of hate toward America's Great History of improvement for all the world which, has allowed Brats like these players to become rich playing a sand lot childs game. NOTHING is TO BIG TO FAIL!! The spoild brat ignorent never understands this unavoidable fact of life. The Road of Reduction & Distruction is their Masters intent.
Who work at the stadiums? Who sells hot dogs, wings, beer, apparel, peanuts, etc? Who owns the beer companies. Who parks your car?  Who sells these athletes their cars, homes, jewelry? Who tailor make their suits? Who hires athletes for endorsement deals selling everything from shoes to yogurt.  A large number of white people will suffer greater loses! I guarantee a number of them voted for trump...
White House is an adult daycare
Trump & Pence should not waste TAX PAYERS MONEY,  NO MORE TALK!!!!!!!!!!
Well your punk ass juries are disrespecting unarmed African Americans
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/227\nTRUMP BREAKS THE LAW
👏🏽👏🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
The Dallas Coons.
Obama is not pres.
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/227
Ummm Skip eat a .......you know what
Shannon ON POINT 100%
dtrump and jjones got these wacko snowflakes dancing on strings lol... ssharp is so defeated that all he has is wild conspiracy theories and the phantom of systemic oppression etc. lol what a hoot
Why has the inequality  and hardships  of modern society have been dragged into an area where the last thing we need to be discussing is politics. Professional sports are a solid proof of the equal opportunity slogan and as a matter of fact the place where we are supposed to enjoy our free time while the actual participants earn one of the highest way of life. All that said, ALL of us still have the choice to watch it and spend our money on everything pro-sports related or not....\nthese athletes need to stop just a little bit and take a breather and realize that by  doing all this kneeling and protesting  they'll end up bringing down the source of their own income. They are about to commit economic suicide if they don't change the course.  I've been a fan of the 49ers since I was just a little kid back in the 80s and this attitude is getting old already but one last thing I have to say ...STAN UP..!    STAND UP. .....! STAND UP. ...!   YOU m******ers....!\n....STAND UP......!
I think all of these protesting NFL players should go to black neighborhoods and volunteer to keep peace without responding to unruly thugs. None of these young black men being shot by police are carrying a bible when this happens or walking over to their grandmother's house to take her some groceries. Wake up fools you are destroying your own communities and white people are getting tired of taking care of you.
Sharpe....stfu. people don't have to kneel or agree with your fkn protests. Those players have a job with an employer. Their boss has spoken. Go fk yourself
Sharpe is a privileged troll. Focus on what’s going on in your community, and talk honestly about the data. Unbelievable.
black people hate the usa and want it destroyed... white people love the usa and want it preserved.  nobody is right or wrong,  good or bad.  it just is what it is
Learn how to speak, you street thug coward!!!
The ALL KNOWING Shannon  Not - So - Sharpe!   What a bunch of f'ing idiots.  F the NFL and ESPN.
I was a broncos fan, and I used to like Sharpe....the NFL is dead to me now. No matter what they do now I'll never watch again....because they've shown me who they really are and what they think of our society and traditional institutions. \n\nFuck those players....let's see how arrogant they are when they're working at McDonalds.
THE NFL IS DEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
His team if u dont like his rules look for another job freedom of speech goes both ways
Just another reason to boycott the NFL. They don't mind blacks running and tackling for their entertainment BUT God forbid they do a SILENT protest, then shit gets crazy.
What Mike Pence did by leaving the NFL game because of the protest was courageous. He has exposed the NFL players. People are accusing Pence of making a choreographed move, yet the NFL players taking a knee is choreographed. Protests by NFL players have lost all substance. They have taken their celebrity status and abused it with their protest.
These players are kneeling similar to the fallen soldier tribute that soldiers kneel for in the military - with hand on heart.  These young men are being very respectful of the flag.  I wish I could say the same for others who have shown far less.
The players are the amateurs in this political game and they were stupid for kneeling in front of the VP. It was an ambush that the players walked into stupidly. The NFL is reeling from this. The NFL is in decline because of this. The players lost this big time.
In a few yrs, NFL wont be  a big  deal and players wont be looked up to as they are now.  The people are seeing how  they don't appreciate the opportunities this country has given them.  They are screwing the pooch on this one.
Patriotism is earned. One of the most ignorant disrespectful statements that I have ever heard! Obviously she hates the same Country that has allowed her to become a millionaire. Perhaps she and Shannon should move to another Country that has earned her patriotism! And I'm STILL waiting for them to explain WHY they want the players to kneel... Something by the way that Shannon Sharpe NEVER did when he was playing! Their ignorance is UNBELIEVABLE!!!!
Jerry Jones is right on this issue and America knows it!
No one gives a shit what you say Shannon. You're not a political scientist, you're f*cking football player. Idiot.
they all need to stand together and knee see what happens.
I served for this country (vet) US Army! Fuck this country and the flag, muthafuckas that want to make America great again
Shannon is learning a hard lesson... ALL WHITE PEOPLE ARE RACIST!!
Cam Newton was never against women. Where did they get that shit from?  All he did was tell a fucking joke. Shannon is right; Skip doesn't get it.
He reminds me of kirk from Gilmore girls. Love his voice...
Damn... never heard of Sam Smith before. This caught me unawares. Pretty incredible voice.
Can we also appreciate the choir in this performance 😍😍😍😍
That's simply beautiful song ❤
anyone come here because of Erwin McManus? (Mosaic)
You won't find me in church (no!) reading the bible (no!)\nI am still here and I'm still your disciple\nI'm down on my knees, I'm begging you please\nI'm broken, alone, and afraid\nI'm not a saint, I'm more of a sinner\nI don't wanna lose, but I fear for the winners\nWhen I try to explain, the words run away\nThat's why I am stood here today\n\nGives me the Chills 😀👌💯 ❤
I listened to this song once last week, but this live version made me fall for it.
Tickets start pre- selling oct 11 !!! Best believe oct 10 12:59 I’ll be ready to hit the purchase button 💕
SEEING HIM LIVE IS GONNA BE A BLESSING 😩
Great song, love it.
Gawd i should be able to like this to my hearts content. Its so touching and true and his voice and those notes be still my beating heart.
OMG HE IS JUST...AHHHHHHHHH I LOVE HIM SO MUCH 😍❤️ BLESSED ❤️
THE VOICE OF AN ANGEL!!!!!!!
I'm not a saint, I'm more of a sinner
Another song where he's denied some dick! Sing something else bitch!
OMG great singer, your voice is amazing, the lyrics are totally perfect as a pray to God for the earth by the events of the world. PRAY
Amazing....the best singer out there today...love you Sam xo
This was sooo BEAUTIFUL! He is a legend!
Did sam smith lose a ton of weight??
Note how he leaves out the word 'shit' in the second verse. Respect for the more staid members of the audience. Gorgeous, gorgeous.
Feel free to check out my cover of the song! Would be much appreciated thankies :) https://soundcloud.com/lilia-djebbouri/pray-sam-smith
thank you for this masterpiece...
I've been listening to this song for three days. Every time I listen to a new Sam song I'm like there's no way he can beat my last favorite. He done did it AGAIN. ...AGAIN. HOW. HE IS SO GOOD.
Beautiful and a meaningful song indeed. Everyone prays at the end.
Jad u don't have to be a Christian to pray. Pray for direction kid. It's someone looking out for all of us and he is higher than Christianity. Jesus was a Jew too. At the name of Jesus every knee will bow!
Around 2:40 this song just enters the stratosphere! So so good!
234 people have no taste.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!! so much talent
God Bless you Sam for making this song!
He killing every body
Please, someone should tell me that this is playback because is unbelievable!!!!!!!!!!
He looks great! Loving this new song
My god. Goosebumps. The choir was awesome too.
Pressed like before even watching it!
His and Adele's baby would be gold
Such a beautifully expressive voice,great track! Love it! Raw talent right here! ❣😍
I love this song listened to it for 24 hrs straight.
Okay is this actually live or is he lip-synching? If it is live...damn that man has a flawless voice.
Sam Smith as an openly gay man would close 10000000x more women than every keyboard warrior calling him a Fag in this comment section.  Keep hating from afar you sad sad people.
Damn. I fucking LOVE this guy. So so so talented.
am i the only one who thinks he has LOst wight
This is so good, I aspire to be like him some day
Gorgeous performance! Bravo! But  what's  with his new style ?
I can`t stop to listen it!
I see more awards in his future.
¡I L O V E     S A M    S M I T H ! 😍
Great song. Everyone prays in the end  ...so true. Sam Smith looks like what would result if Jude Law and James McAvoy had a kid.
in love with your songs sam! is the best singer ever!!!!!!!!!!
God bless you and your voice.
HOW CAN HE BE THIS MUCH GOOD??
He forgot to change his pants thou
Can’t wait for this boys concert!!
IM GONNA PRAY that Sam Smith makes another album after this one!❤️
Who thinks a Sam Smith and Adele duet would be mindblowing besides me?
His voice gives joy to my heart.
He has a perfect voice. Great talent.
와.....
Def my favorite!
This is amazing. Just goddamn amazing.
If we all take a minute away from mentioning religion and acknowledge such beautiful talent, we can avoid the conflict through the comments.
oh wow he has lost a lot of weight
Maybe the most beautiful and relevant song I've heard this year!
he ate his cd at breakfast
now i can die peacefully at last
This was rough amd I'm not sure why. He's just different.
This is one beautiful human being.
I love this and you so so so much
How is he so well at giving chills only by voice
love you sam
HINÃO ❤️🇧🇷
L a
💕 omgg in loveeee
AMAZING
🇧🇷💗
25 years old...... amazing
Amazing voice
Cómo te amo. 😭❤❤
He's Perfect !!!
oh my god
Best song of 2017
Loveee you sammm
fucking incredible.
Sam, Sam, Sam wow! x
Another excellent single
So excited for album xxxxxxxxxx
effortless
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Love it *-*
I
Loooove it 😍😍😍
he's so freaking goooood
GREAT!\nbut 3:15 pitch
지렸다 .. 음원씹어먹었네
Gave me goosebumps just love him 💖
ok, man...dont forget to pray
Me hace recordar la Canción de Nick Cave O Children
let us all sin.
😍😍😍😍🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
te amo sam i love so much DIOS TE BENDIGA MEN <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 3<3
covek je lud kako peva!
Why didnt the seahawks run the ball
Did anyone see Pogba in the last few seconds?
Im Was The Best At Skateboarding When I Was 10 Now Im 47 Still The Best At My True Sport
Women's peak strength is earlier than 25
i one year over least likely to die, *sigh*
Anyone know who the music is by?
Or just go smoke a blunt
Women make highest salary at 39 and met at 48 wtf are the feminists talking about
I actually felt the most alive, and my future felt the most promising at 23. By the time I turned 24 though, after a few failed job interviews and rejections later.. realized this life thing aint easy.
this is the most depressing video ever
i am least likely to die :/\n*W H Y*
I haven’t begun to peak
Well this wasn't nearly as depressing as I thought it would be.
Even though this isn't full on fact (or fact at all) this video is uplifting to people who are scared of aging.
I call bullshit on most of them
What a load of crap.
Dnt watch this just experience ur own surprises In the things that make you, YOU ! (:
ATTENTION :\n\nThe Beast System is the Church System... All Church's,Any Denomination, They all are part of the beast system. Pastors feed sheep polluted bread so they continue to look for spiritual highs.. THE PATH IS NARROW AND VERY FEW PEOPLE FIND IT!THE STRONG DELUSION THAT GOD SENDS IS SUNDAY CHURCH SERVICE, AS WELL AS THE PRIDE OF LIFE.PEOPLE WOULD RATHER LISTEN TO THEIR PASTOR THEN LISTEN TO GOD. EVERLEARNING IN CHURCH INSTITUTIONS AND NEVER KNOWING JESUS. NEVER HEARING THE FATHER VOICE.Many People when Jesus comes are gonna say didn't we do miracles didn't we heal or cast out demons DIDNT WE ATTEND CHURCH but Jesus is gonna say depart from me I never knew you because you were told that God's Law was the Old covenant and that going to Church on Sunday is sufficient to go-to Heaven.REPENTANCE,OBEDIENCE AND LOVE ARE THE ONLY WAY TO HEAVEN. THE CHURCH SYSTEM ANY CHURCH IS A LIE. THE CHURCH IS SCATTERED THROUGHOUT THE WORLD THEY ARE NOT IN THE INSTITUTIONS. GOD WANTS US TO OBEY HIS COMMANDS!!! COME OUT OF CHURCH AND RELEGION AND INTO GOD'S LOVING ARMS!! ACTS 7:48\n\nBE YE SEPARATE FROM THE WORLD!! BE YE SEPERATE FROM THE LOVERS OF THIS WORLD!
Highest satisfaction in life 23? Well, the rest of life is going to suck haha.
But I thought no one likes you when you're 23?
I'm 18 and i noticed I'm faster at reading and reflexes this year compared to other years no joke. Lol.
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
Great....Ill die before the things I need happen lol
I just want to know when will be my peak dick size.
I'm 18. I guess this is my last year of not being retarded
Age 31, when your metabolism says “fuck you”.
Lol, so you are at peace with yourself and your body just before you die.....
Does anyone know the song?
75-84 most comfortable with your body???? Are you freaking kidding me????????????
It would make my day if someone could tell me what song this is.
When you dont fit any of the above 😂😂😂
This explains why i keep getting straight F's in my math class....cant wait to get 50 and boom....
Well ain't this video all BS
Some of these don't make sense.
Yeah...just can’t wait until I can play chess well.
Yeah I'm looking forward to having great math skills. You know, 30-40 years after school
why at the end did it say there's always one thing to look forward to then they all die
Did the really do women are most attractive and not do men are most attractive?
What are you the best at RIGHT NOW? \n.... sleeping.
They forgot:\nThe age when you are best at popping a boner: 12 years old
So these are just averages, you can’t really take anything from this video, at all
Well, damn, I'm 24 so I guess it's all downhill now.
Quality of life is highest at 23? I feel like there are so many social determinants and lifestyle dependency factors...
Highest satisfaction at 23? That was the lowest point of my life.
Age is just a number or you can  ask my mom, who against all odds , came to this country, learn a new language at 44, met the man of her dreams at 46, got an incredible job offer at 66, at 77 yrs old my mom is still going strong!!\nstill works her full time job ( by choice), and has More aspirations than ever.\nabove all she is very grateful woman for what she  has done for  her life  and ours .\nage is just a number.
lmao the happiest is 23 years old, usually when people graduate college
I thought at the end it was going to say No matter how old you are...we are all going to die
Jesus goddamn Christ! Can I go one day without worrying about my future?!
No matter how old you are... remember, that one day, you WILL die.  Have a nice life :)
Well this brought my self esteem down
What are the chances of getting the name of the audio track on this? Music? Song? Anyone.....????
23 highest satisfaction at life? I was at war in Afghanistan at 23...
Whats with all these know-it-alls calling this BS? Which form of research have you committed to determine this video as BS?
MOST ARE ON THEIR WAY TO HELL. SEE HERE WHAT THE END WILL BE!!!\nTestimony of Heaven, Hell and Angels by Nigerian Pastor! on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/H05DAzFQd2Y\n\nWatch TYRONE WENT TO HELL AFTER DYING IN A CAR ACCIDENT BUT GOD BROUGHT HIM BACK (FULL TESTIMONY) !! on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/7do-r-m94Sw\n\nWatch Korean Artist's experience in Hell ENGLISH NARRATION on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/7Za2aNU5344\n\nWatch Rev. Eddie Wiggins Testimony To Hell and Back on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/XCsBHFHjyBU
At the end they showed a black dude with blond hair. Y'all on drugs?
well... i'm waaaaay too damn old for this chart.
I'm looking forward to death!
What if I say, I don't believe this crap ....
This is BS
Brain activity fastest at 18. Well fuck 😂
wtf is this based on ? buzzfeed polls ?
All BS
You Are Great - Motivation \nhttps://youtu.be/4R90ek4V7d8
This is fake I enjoyed life the most when I was 24
 I'm Proven this video Very Wrong !     🔮
23 is typically when most people are out of college with no job.  That doesn't sound like a satisfying life.
Going back to college at 50 I guess
Sum up from 25 - 35: Best at building muscles and strongest mindset for achievements.
What’s the peak of masturbation tho?
so,  im going to school at the wrong age, exercising at the wrong age, working hard at the wrong age!  where is my pizza and Netflix?😂
FUCK MY LIFE
Sources?
wtf was taht
42
FALSE.
That shit’s bullshit
0:42 BOII!!
Horrible
23 most happiest lmfao
Nothing
bullshit
So after 30 eat shit
All downhill from 25
lockheed martin
Anout to be 25 💪💪💪💪
Not true
23 highest satifaction with life my ass😂
Peak procrastination age - 15 to 20
Nice music
Notice there is no women most attracted to men, only men most attracted to women age.
I'm 19, time to see how shitty the rest off my life will be :)
Yup, we can all look forward to death!
This video is complete bullshit.
Oh yeah?....., well whats the age you get a shitty roll of the dice and get cancer and die well before most people?.... \n\nFuck off!
wow cool good thing i'm 22 and a lesbian cool cool cool
so they looked at a bunch of statistics, calculated averages and then proceeded to make a shitty, useless video. bravo.
Shitposting.
Get this trash off trending!!!!
Who makes such stupid videos?
TIL that the average person, doesn't know what an average means...
I get rid of my Hyperpigmentation by using potatoes by 2 weeks my face was so clear of acne scars etc. and it helped with my face texture that I had going on and I know this is some random comment has nothing do with your video lol . P.s I love all your videos Jackie !!!❤️
I love how much I learn from Jackie Aina's channel! She's so smart, funny and makes learning fun!! Now I'm on the market for an SPF
A Chemical sunscreen for normal/dry skin is Aveeno protect and hydrate SPF 50. And it’s only $10. No cast, it’s beautiful 😍
Thank you so much for this video!!!
OMGGGG the Alba Mineral Sunscreen is AMAZING !!! Absorbs in completely 😊
AUNT JACKIE!! I found the Benefit Dream Screen as a mini in a skincare set on Macy's website!
This was really helpful! I was in need of a spf for my face!
I love you for being that Auntie! 💖 You've inspired me to invest in an spf outside of my foundation. I'm a pale little cave-dweller, though, so I rarely see the sun. 😂
You’re hilarious and so positive! Love your videos.
I'm a manager at ulta the most recent benefit cosmetics training they sent us to. They had us try different techniques with the dream screen. Mixing it with porefessional before applying to the face is a dream!!!!! You can also mix it in with their triple moisture cream if the matte sunscreen is too dry for you.
Can you recommend a sunscreen that does not leave your face looking chalky and works for those who are allergic to chemical sunscreens? I have been using the Coola Mineral Matte(?) and like it , but it does leave me a little casper looking
Jackie you have to store the colourfx bottles upside down.
Also for everyone, I want to recommend that the actual amount of sunscreen you should apply is anywhere from 1/4 to 1/2 a  tbsp, yes, tablespoon.  If you apply anything less than that you are not reaching the claimed protection your sunscreen offers. This is scientifically proven, i am not  sure why  Western brands don't give that kind of  information :/ . Sorry I don't have the sources right now but you guys can google it if you want confirmation :)
Jackieee what did you use to lay those EDGES THOOOOO??
I use the La Roche-Posay Anthelios 50 Mineral with zinc oxide and and titanium dioxide. The feel on the skin is great, and there is minimal white cast if any on my MAC NW20 skin. It's $33 in the US, and feels silky and not overly greasy on my dehydrated skin.
I'm pregnant, so I can't use chemical sunscreens right now. I'm hating using physical sunscreens. I'll have to try one of these after the baby is born.
I click like every time I hear Jackie, Jackie, Jackie, Jackiiiieee, Jackie, Jackie, Jackie!!!!!
What would you recommend for the Body?
she's a veteran, she's army strong but she's still also not trying to break a nail LOL
I love this video it’s so informative. I need to look better at these ingredients, 😂
😂😂😂 What's good YouTube Square up👊 Get them notifications together. \nI need some SPF in my life. I never wear any smh. I'ma do better lol.
Awww, is that Eggy you're wearing?! Jenn Im's clothing line? Loved the video Jackie! As always girl, you keep me laughing and informed! 😊
Oh shit I love Evelyn too!
Beautiful video! Would love it if u would have a peak at my channel and maybe like or subscribe to it.  I will be posting videos weekly!!
You don’t understand how happy I get when you start singing “Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie”😂😭
I’m definitely going to Sephora to check a couple out. Thanks for this Jackie❤️
IM HOLLERING MAMA WHYY DID YOU PUT ONE OF THE GROSS SISTERS FROM THE PROUD FAMILY😢😂😂😭😅😂😍MRS.JACKIE😅
Jackie your edges look so good 😍😘
I'm a sunscreen girl everyday since I was 14 no matter what. People ask how I'd get my makeup to last all day and I swear the spf helps it to stay all day. I call it the original primer.
I had a warning not to support korres,loreal,benefit is a devil worshipper,shiseido,estee lauder,Mac, elf, it cosmetics, Kat von d. lorac God takes crap like that seriously.not worth going to hell for.
I just wanted to say, thank you for doing a sunscreen video in October! I'm in the southern hemisphere and needed the reminder :D
The benefit dream screen is sold out 😒 was gonna buy literally now lol
omg I totally agree about the glossier balling up issue!! also your channel is amazing!\nx Cory www.coffeespoonsblog.com
you know your a jackie fan when you just got off work at 4am, and your watching a tutorial on sunscreen lol
You should do a video testing tinted moisturizers !!
the orange sweater looks so good 😍😍😍
Nah Aunt Jackie, you need to look into Korean sunscreens. They have way better varieties, formulas, and price point. A lot even have serums in them. I got my A'Pieu sunscreen for around $11 and it has an apt of 45 P+++. No white cast, buildable, and smooth.
I love the Cover Fx, but that damn bottle always taps out half way through. It happened to me last week!  $45 is Toi pricy for her to be clocking out mid shift!
you should try the biore water essence! its a chemical sunscreen that goes on clear and its cheap the price varies where you get it but i get it for $8 on amazon
What about urban decay spf primer? I just picked it up a few days ago.
She said Benzone/Ben-zenay😂😂🤦🏾‍♀️....just to help ya girl out it's pronounced Ben-zone or benzene = Ben-zeen ❤️xo a Biology premed major and a faithful viewer (just in case you weren't being funny)😅
Thank you!!!!! I needed this info 😊😊😊😊
If u are in asia...try sunkiller perfect watery essence (non alcohol version) gurll...itssss good...
Talking about spf with anyone else it's boring but with Jackie it's poppin🤣🤣🤣
I just discovered u! I'm glad I did
i love the alpha h spa 50. its moisturising and  smoothing too
HANDS DOWN MOST ENTERTAINING BEAUTY GURU! ADOPT ME!
Japan/Korean SPFs are where it’s at. I hated using SPF until I tried Asian SPF.
Well IBD! Chemical vs Physical SPF, learned something new today.
after spf 30 it really doesnt matter, u still have to reapply every 2 hours anyways...im sure they can invent an spf that lasts all day but....how will they make money? lol i dont think companies ever will tbh
....should i not be using regular sunscreen on my face then?
Yaaasssss! Thank you for being the plug, Jackie!! I’m still hunting for the Dream Screen. 6 weeks and counting 🙄
A physical sunscreen that works well for brown skin is the Drunk Elephant Umbra Tinte Spf 30. It doesn't leave a cast, but she does have peeling issues, so I have to spray fix plus or water on my face to make sure she gets mixed in good. Also, when dealing with a greasy sunscreen, I just set her with some powder and it's all good in the hood.
Can you use spf as primer?
Can you please do a review on the best eyelash glues for beginners and overall I love your vibe and would really appreciate it xx
These spf's are crazy expensive 😮 neutrogena has a great SPF under $15 I believe. The body shop has a good selection of SPF under $15! $65 for an SPF...hell to the nawww
You should try the Lancaster Sun Sport invisible face gel matte finish . A gel spf one of the best in my opinion
My auntie Jackie shouting out my auntie Evelyn 😭😭 the Lord just keep blessing me
I appreciate this video. I’ve been learning how important spf is and have been looking to find some that don’t leave that purple cast or the weird film on my face. Thanks Jackie
We're so here for this. Thanks for sharing the info!!!
Oh my gosh!!! Im latina with dark skin kinda...and i always turned purple with some sun screens ... Now i know!!!!! Thanks for the help girly!!!!
Omg Jackie! I love your spirit. 💕 I've been feeling so down lately. and just watching your videos have made me feel so much better. God Bless you Jackie! ❤
This video was very helpful! Great content, informative and entertaining! I always give you a thumbs up Jackio! You the best!
I haven’t seen many you tubers do a video like this. Now I know I should be wearing sunscreen on a daily basis lol
I’m glad you’re out here having fun while also taking time out to educate people and letting them know what’s up bless you Jackie 🙌
Jaggyjaggyjaggyjaggy.....jaggyjaggy!!! Lol. Jackie you already have a song for your future baby to calm em down during tantrums. Oh how I wish we were in the same city or country at least. I love your energy level.....purely exciting. I've been using an spf15 and yes aunty jackie, before you even start to scream, I am switching to benefit dream screen after watching this video. YAAAAS!!!! I need another suggestion though if you don't mind. I have acne prone screen so always on the verge to fight these breakouts so my moisturizers are mainly for fighting breakouts. I wanna add an antiaging cream regimen that I could use before going to bed. Something simple to use, that one cream that will do the magic and yes, I am a chocolate sister and will loooove something that will be team choco. Cheers!
About a week ago!!!! One does not simply say “about a week ago,” without singing the song.
The number after the spf represents how many multiples of time you’re safe to be out in the sun before you start burning. So, wearing a factor 15 sun cream will give you 15 times the number of minutes before you burn, than what you’d have with no sunscreen protection at all.
Asian sunblocks work great, and the price is definitely super affordable! Japanese brands are usually the best, and you can get the gel sunblocks as opposed to the milk formula, which is more mattifying. None of the Asian sunscreens I've used have ever left a white cast. Try Biore, I know this can be bought on Amazon in Western countries, correct me if I'm wrong.
ONE THING TO CONSIDER: you HAVE TO use a certain amount of sunscreen for it to work.
I’m obsessed with my skin care because I have acne but I’ve never worn sunscreen... girllllll I’m doing things wrong! Time to go to Ulta.
Let me put yall on some Game!! Supergoop serum sunscreen has kept my skin amazing for years and it lasts for months! So worth it!!!
Love you videos ....can you please make a video on make up brushes ...I have to concerns... what are the best make up brushes ? Low cost - medium cost ....and also witch make up brush to use for foundation - blush- high lighter - eyes. Etc.... I am sure a lot of people would appreciate...\nThank you in advance
Thank you for this video, this is great information and a variety of products to try. What are your thoughts on Urban Decay SPF primer?
your intro is stuck on my head!!! LOL... ADORE YOU JACKIE!!!
Jackie when You send me all you're concealers
Good to know it’s not just me.... I bought a coverfx clear cover and the pump stopped working after a day so I returned it 🙄
As an esthetician this video makes my heart SO HAPPY THANK YOU MY CLIENTS WITH DARKER SKIN THINK THEY DON'T NEED SUNSCREEN BITCH UVB HAS SO MERCY IF YOU DON'T WEAR YOUR SPF YOU WILL GET CANCER AHHHHHHH.\n\nAgain, you made my heart very happy by promoting sunscreen to darker skin and doing it in a very well educated way.
Try Khiel' s face sunscreen feels like the benefit one
I use the SuperGoop setting mist as my primer. It’s broad spectrum with SPF50. My everyday foundation is the Bare Minerals Gel in Chestnut, which has zinc oxide. No camera problems & no white haze. Great video!
Big Miss Steak 😂😂 an Australian brand called Natio does a lovely SPF 50 sunscreen for the face. Affordable; not greasy but moisturizing and works well under makeup. 😊 can't comment on the ash-factor as I am super duper pale. Love your videos Jackie!
Do you think you could do a video on asian sunscreens??
Off topic, would love to see you do a complete fashion fair look or a review. I've been seeing new lipsticks and they look great.
Thank you!!! Legit last week I was complaining about sunscreen making me purple and hella greasy and dirty feeing, and now you drop this, Jackie I see you. Nz is approaching summer and my indo skin loves to darken up but everything is out here making me purple 😭 you have seriously saved me 🙌🏽💕
For those having problems with the cover fx bottle, get anything (brush,spoon etc.) and push up the base of the bottle! This can break the airlock and it should then pump out normally!
What about cetaphil’s oil control moisturizer with sunscreen broad spectrum 30. It’s for acne prone skin
A really good one is Biore Watery Essence spf50 - it's a chemical one from Amazon and it's NOT expensive, but leaves zero white cast and sits well under makeup. My skin is very sensitive, but this did not break me out
So don’t b out there on amazon & Ebay thinking that if u get SPF 300 your doing something special, chalk board Charles that’s not how it works🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣❤️🙌🏽😍😂🤣😂
I work for Sephora and I was sooooooo waiting on you to mention Cover FX BUT please mention reapplication. The Peter Thomas Roth Powder and the Supergoop spray are great for the reups during the day.
Thank you Auntie Jackie!! #blackgirlmagic✨
Jackie!! you have me rolling lmboo!
Lmao oops I thought adding spf products together actually worked.
Neutrogena oil free moisture?
My Auntie Jackie shouted out my Cousin Evelyn!
Skinceuticals makes some awesome ones!
It's still trending. 😊
YES you know EVELYN
Biore aqua rich watery essence spf 50 is the truth. Amazing texture, no flashback, no weird spf odor, and great on oily skin.
JACKIEJACKIEJACKIEJACKIEJACKIEJACKIEJACKIEJACKIE ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
broad spectrum means UVA and UVB rays
I stand behind what I said about this movie, which is that I hated it. You don’t have to like a movie to do a tutorial on a look from it, & being that it’s the most popular movie right now, it would be dumb of me to not do a tutorial. Get over it 🎈
damn you talk so fast 😱 \nand it seems your eyes don't like the contacts, seems like you have to blink a lot and have a hard time opening your eyes completely. maybe try a different lens brand?
Don't EVER disrespect the iconic pennywise like that.
I have watched both of his Halloween videos so far (I’m new ) but can anyone tell me why he is rushing? I thought maybe it was just the first video but he makes me feel really nervous! I want to like him because I like his work but why????? He would be so much better if he didn’t seem like he wants to do every video under 5 min
Damn he is so good at this shit wtf
OMG...just subbed...great video.  I wish I could do my makeup like this!
His makeup is awesome! He’s making money doing his thing n idk why everyone is hating and wasting their time in the comment section just throwing shade? :\
Dude this looks amazing congratulations on the finial look xx
Your tweets dude 😤. Its cool you don't like the movie but the shade you throw and attitude towards your fans. 👎👎smh
I saw your deleted tweet\nSo happy that Finn said something \nAlso Wyatt dragged you 😂
I wanted to shed a little light on how some people may feel about this. I don’t like how you say, “I wasn’t scared so I hate it,” but that’s also your opinion. Which hey, everyone’s got one and that’s fine! BUT, I wouldn’t make content out of something for the buck, if it’s not something you like. It’s kinda like saying.. I HATE leather couches, but everyone else has one.. so you buy one also. Of course, this will get you A LOT of views and even new subscribers. I just don’t like that everyone’s bashing people who simply don’t agree. I don’t agree with the concept. But honestly, you did an amazing job, and that’s all that matters. There’s a strong difference between a 13 year old who’s mad, and a sensible person who just has a different view. Good job! I still love all of your videos, your content and YOU! No one is perfect and never will be. You still hustle, and you still make this a living. I just want the understandings and views to be a circle. Xoxo 🎈
this is hilarious it just shows that you have no originality and just do whatever everyone else is doing.
Lmao you only did this for money.
Bitch I heard you threw shade on my movie \nWASS GOOD BITCH FUCKING TRY ME HOE
The intro for this video had me fucking dying cause of how cringe it was
y'all tryna drag James for saying he doesn't like the movie yet making a tutorial on it. b it was most likely a highly requested tutorial. Of course he's going to do it if its highly requested. Yes, he may not like the movie, but you guys dragging him are forgetting that people have opinions and are allowed to have opinions. This IS his job, people. He earns money from it. Damn. Whats so hard to understand?
Those brushes are making me feel like I’m in math class
just saying mykie did it first at glam and gore
Ok. The best tutorial everrrrrrr. I love it
Guys what did finn and wyatt said on twitter? (Can u send me the link or tell me)
I seriously dong care if watching this gives you views and money like you said, it just shows how much of a snake and idiot you are. don’t do youtube for money and fame, do it’s because you care about your fans, i don’t care if you didn’t like the movie, that’s your opinion and i respect that, but you used your phone in a theatre, the people watching in the theatre were probably bothered by the bright lights coming from your phone screen, it would bother me personally as a creator to have someone who went and payed for a film i spent hundreds of hours of my life on just to tweet about how awful it is, FIVE MINUTES IN. that’s another thing, you judged a movie after FIVE minutes, literally nothing scary has even happened, you said you hated it because it wasn’t scary? so that doesn’t match up. Finn Wolfhard, an actor in the movie, who spent MONTHS of his life creating, tweeted at you telling you you shouldn’t be using your phone in the theatre. Then you act like he was mad at you for having an opinion on the movie, no, he said to NOT USE YOUR PHONE IN A THEATRE AS IT IS RUDE TO CREATORS AND THE PEOPLE AROUND YOU. you still play the innocent card, just stop that bullshit. Then Wyatt Oleff, another actor in the movie, makes a tweet regarding your toutorial, wyatt ended up on “okay” terms with you but i still stand with him, he said how you did a toutorial on the movie even though you hated it. another thing showing you only care about fame, if you don’t support something, don’t feature it on YOUR channel. that’s all i have to say, except, fuck you.
I'm watching this on Friday the thirteenth
High speed talker... Hard to follow 😂
Can y'all please stop hating for  the love of God?! I doesn't matter if he didn't like the movie, he only did this makeup tutorial because YOU guys suggested it! Plus, everybody has their own opinions about something. JUST CALM TF DOWN YOU HATING FUCKS
your voice is hella fucking annoying and you sound hella congested
Holy shit, he talks so fast. I remember about 4-3 months ago he barely talked at all. Now it's like he has ADD shit. I barely understood most of the things he was saying. James you need to slow down your talking dude. Take a deep breath and talk normal. Made my head spin. #wherestheritalin lol
Where's Finn when you need him to drag a hoe...AGAIN😂🙄
how dare he disrespect Daddy Pennywise like that?
I don't understand why so many people hate James
Welp I’ve never watched one of your videos and just came to dislike and state my business.. also you got dragged by 14 year olds lol.
why can’t he keep his eyes open i’m screaming
talia already dragged him before this tutorial came out. sO u have beEn drAgged bY 3 teenagers YOU GO GIRL
Love you sister James :,) 💗
Please do a update everyday makeup routine ❤️
My boy said we'll float...flatline 😵🎈🎈🎈
I absolutely LOVE  this look!😍 I think you did an amazing job! And I hope you do more halloween tutorials😁 forget what the haters say, Your makeup is always slaying!😘❤
So basically you made this tutorial for views -->money. Do you even like the penny wise look? Atleast if you liked his aesthetic the fact that you hated he movie wouldn't matter but... ugh it's just annoying how people on youtube don't have integrity and will promote stuff that's not even in their heart. Yeah James isn't unique for doing a video on something he doesn't even support. I miss the old YouTube 😭
James did you actually get into the movie IT
I don't get why everyone's so angry? Can someone please explain why (btw not trying to start an argument or anything I just genuinely want to know and I'm not a fan of James I didn't even really know he existed till today)
It’s absurd that people are so mad about James hating the movie. Just because the majority of people like it doesn’t mean James need to. It’s not hypocritical for James to do a tutorial simply because the make up done on Pennywise is something James probably likes from the movie. It’s 2017, people stop dragging down James for views and likes 🙄 Leave all the hate comments you want because that’s what ya’ll haters do best.
Glam and Gore did it first and so much better
Idc who u don't like fuck that I love this look the world is already full of hate I'm not even subscribed but god I feel bad he is talented.
You're a good month late.... and simultaneously a month early. Yikes...
*watches 10 Halloween makeup tutorials* Then Halloween comes and has 0 Halloween makeup on
Y'all just figured out what kind of POS this guy is? 😂😂😂😂
i feel like he's on lsd or exctasy while talking
People who hate the movie obviously haven’t read the book. Because the new movie is more similar to the book than the old movie is.
I don't know why people are judging him for something that pathetic and why does it even matter what he does . For people who hate on him that just means you have a hateful personality and you need to go see a therapist.
Omg I would so love to see you and careless Morgan do a video together doing each others makeup!!
1:10 is the scariest part 😰
why is everyone so upset he did this video? yes, he said he hated the movie, but u don't have to love a movie to do a tutorial about it, a lot people are gonna be IT for halloween and they want ideas, options, and james is giving one to them, youtubers give the people want they want.
I wish you'd have floated too 😒
Ur the best I lovee u
I LOVE THIS LOOK SO MUCH DONT LET THESE HOES BOTHER YOU JAMES. I LOVE YOU ❤️🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈
You should do Shane Dawson's makeup
James Charles you just keep doing you😉
I love when beauty youtubers make that face during halloween videos its like their mouth and their teeth make this sidebite and their lips just kinda go off to the sides. *like wut*
What accent was he trying to do in the intro? Lmao
I think it looks awesome , dont care what anybody else thinks .
Why is everyone making pennywise a glam makeup thing pennywise was a monster that eats children😩why
Why do people like watching men play makeup like a little girl? I'll never understand it 😒
Yall need to STFU . Like why view his vids if all you gonna do is hate on him. Your just jealous because you could never accomplish things like he does...😂🙄 And its his version of pennywise so stop with all your bullshit.
just because you disliked a movie doesn’t mean you have the right to be rude to the people that worked hard on. you never in your life will be as talented as the people in this movie and the people directing it. you were very very rude to wyatt oleff and personally i think you were a jerk. smh
Those are my boys don't disrespect them like that
🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️ “penny wise was the best!” ..... earlier ..... “I hated the movie “ . I understand how u have a different opinion on the movie but I mean don’t rlly make sense to do a makeup tutorial on the character the movies about 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️. Sister sister u dumb as hell. Plus u can’t hate on Finn cuz his a frigging legend 🤘🏽🖕🏾
Pennywise B I T C H where?
u look like a dirty lampshade
SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL.<3
Bitch it was a great movie. You are going to get dragged.
Penniwise doesn’t deserve this atrocity of a recreation
when you put the x’s on the eyeshadow palette it was easier to find the shades, can you do that more often??
BITCH WTF COVERGIRL CHANGED ITS SLOGAN IM SHOOK
So when you quitting YouTube?
To prove beauty gurus at acctualy talented
Fags float only in hell lmao
I HONESTLY LOVE THIS 😍😍😍
pennywise deserves better
fame whore
You'll float too\n                           -Georgie🎈
This is criiiinge
A little pig potato
The fore head contour 😬
🎈
Ummm glam and gore whoooo jk I liked hers better but Luv ya hun
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
0:05 lol that face
Lo ame.😍❤
oof stop
His true form
Sad.
Whats up with his eyes lol hahaha
I love it sis.
Whats next, are u gonna recreate your slenderman look??
You’ll float too billy🎈
I HATE YOU LOL
Stop wtf
he fr disrespecting
oh pennywise i’m so sorry sweetie
You did an AMAZING job!! It's ok if you didn't like the movie! I wish people didn't make such a big deal about it :/
So sick!
Hey man! I'm a small filmmaker that really wanna share my content. I would really appreciate, if you guys could give me a chance, and check my channel out. I hate promoting, but I stand 100% by my content, and spend a lot of time on it. I hope some of you would give me a chance :-)
how is this trending it only has 14k views, youtube is rigged
Ougga Bouga where dem anime tiddies at?
Let’s GoPro
I have a hero5 but i don't know how to do the thing at 1:19
some blockiness in some parts, pretty good for such a tiny camera though
Go pro hero 6 is just godlike no other way of explaining it
SIGN UP --> ENTER CODES --> GET PAYED!!\nI made $150 just last night XD\nTrying to get referrals! Help me help you! Thank You!\nhttp://pepiredrsa.win/3522403659458/
Makes me wish we had a decent mx vs atv game
all cool but the avverrage gopro user doesnt have a drone for all thkse sick shots. You should do a tutorial on how to make the best video with your gopro by yourself
Wahhhhh is it made by the hero 6 or fusion it so bieutiful 😍😍😍😍
Best part was the slow motion in the air
Are GoPros image really that clean?
weird morphing frame to frame in first jump...which gopro was used? Not Hero4K obviously, or why is there no 4k playback?
I hate how you guys removed slow motion editing from your software. I have to buy from somewhere now. Ughhh why did I get the hero 6
https://youtu.be/Wa5IT8oHfZM\n\n\nHey guys I'm 16 and I've recently made a video about life's philosophy with a very low budget equipment and I would really appreciate if you can check it out.thanks
Does'nt his rap music make him enough money?! 😅 artist name patchy
i have good videos i just need a shoutout https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4mqz-h2EgIXcCMs1y0c7Sg
Nate has so many backflips under his belt he’s got it mastered!
Any small time youtubers care to support each other? Comment if interested
Hello from Reunion Island. Nice video
someone make video better to go pro ? I dont think
Meeehhh.. \n\n\nHold my beer. \n\n\n\n\nI can't do that!
compared to release videos of hero 5 and 6 quality of this one is very bad. Oversharpened and full of moire and false detail. Did they not use protune ? why is it ? quality looks imo as hero 3 or hero3+ at max. @gopro #gopro please explain.
heck yes!! some sick shots with the go pros
this was just top shelf stuff. that hero 6 in the gimbal was rock solid and looked great
I daydreamed through this whole video.  What'd I miss?
For the idiots who think that the slo-mo clip at 0:39 is native to the camera, you guys are wrong. You can obviously see that Twixtor (or another similar effect) has been used
The new Trials game looks pretty good.
0:39 think gopros cheating us a little on the capabilities of its slow mo look at the front wheel looks like they are using a time warp style plugin in post to generate that slowmo. Either that or YouTube's player is getting shitter and shitter by the day.
I have two GoPro hero 5....been trying to get a microphone for it...for interning someone for my channel...what would you recommend for me to get?
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
🤓👍🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝
sick
Geil
Fantástico....GoPro!
베리 굿! ㅎㅎ
Did Gopro make his own Drone?
How to use gopro!! WOW!!!!!!
Gopro estudio?
Man, those big airs 1:22 are mesmerizing. Can seriously watch those over and over.
Awesome....
so nice!!
Yes Motocross
Espectacular como todos !!!
Super video 👌🙄
Did whey steal this video too?
Top!
Nice 👍🏻
Excellent timing of drone videography .
Cool 😎 cool video
Ese estabilizador de la Hero 6, es impresionante!!!
Anyone wanna check out my longboard edit w/ the karma grip?\n\nDope video btw🤙
hero 5 or hero 6?
la gopro è fantastica, ma purtroppo lo sport più estremo che faccio è quello di alzarmi la mattina dal letto..
The motion capture scene 1:20 of this video seems to have been corrected. \nI have a Sony Mirrorless camera. But it does not get the same neat motion capture effect as this video.\n I think he used masking editing.  So I put this on my channel.\n I hope you can watch and review.
GoPro cameras are garbage. I bought a hero and the not replaceable battery died in 3 months. Not a scratch on it. Total ripoff! \nAvoid buying any GoPro!
This is good. But the best video is Danny MacAskill's..
these videos are so inspiring, please go check my new youtube channel
I make videos with my GoPro hero5 and I’m not gonna do anything cheesy. Check them out tho;)
Wow Amazing Video ! Great stuff!
I Love Your Channel
2 mins video but felt like 2 seconds
Wow nice
0
Let me get a GoPro
If you dont mind me asking,  what was that pole like device that he had attached to his Gopro,  have never seen that before,
makes evil knievel look like a farmer on his john deere...
Bello gopro is awesome
goodgoodgood!
Еее подарите гоу pro praza
Brilliant
Wow
Cool
can u reply pls
Hey
🔝🔝🔝🔝
7th comment
Hu
First
First
1
hola
First
Nates a beast! Sick video
Smooth🎥
#GRAUELENHA
Crazy skills 🔥🔥🤘🤘
я 1
Beğenin
Good video
Je vous adore lire si toi aussi
For every one sub I get ill do 10 push-ups
0:39 fake slow motion?
What is the distortion on the rear tire at 41-42 seconds?
i dream to have a gopro to film my freerunning videos :(
nice Clip. bro
Waw gopro hero 6
GO PRO
I wish there was more content on YouTube like this.
imagine the games we could create if east germany rose again\nI'd be the leader of the new gdr and I'd allow war games as long as they where through perspective of eastern countries
Your videos keep making this political scientist smile. Keep up the good work
I strongly recommend to the people who liked this video to watch the Dendy russian video about an angry russian dude (acting like the AVGN) talking about his childhood playing those NES knockoffs and ports of newer games on that nes hardware. It's very interesting and fun to watch!
When it worked.\n\nIt never worked. That's why the lines and the poverty were so different when the unification happened.
But nintendo is eastern.
So this might be an influence to why Yager made the most prolific anti-war war game to date?
I had never thought of, or even thought to think of, gaming in the Eastern Bloc.\nExcellent topic choice, and as usual, excellent video.\nThank you for this!
That museum was very cool. Really liked seeing the old games and tech.
lol, my mum didn't see a pineapple till she was 18, let alone video games
I visited the museum last year with my college class it was extremely interesting(The pain station was the center piece of our whole time there, did you play it bunny?) but they never quite went into how the machines etc. were programmed that was very interesting finding it out from this video. \nDid you manage to get to the DDR museum bunny? I found it very interesting as well.
Haha communism really suck. It will never work out, ever.
The Hudson river, two years ago...
I am glad that Marxism did not prevail in the free world.
The Stasi secret police museum is actually not very far away from the video game museum. It's 10 minutes on the train system they have there.
It's not that related to the topic at hand, but that museum is great. In there you can have a chat with one of the first chat bots called Eliza, created in the 60-s. When I was there I told it it's 2014 and it told me I'm insane.\n\nThey also have the weirdest arcade pong machine called Pain station. You move the bar by rotating an analog tumbler with your right hand, while your left hand is pressed against a metal grate with electric contacts. If you take your left hand off that grate, you lose. The gist is - every time you miss a ball, random danger zones appear on the screen. If your opponent, who is in a same position as you, hurls the ball into those zones, your left hand gets either slapped with a thick rubber band, heated with really hot air or zapped through the contacts. We've had enough after like 5 minutes. The record holder, as we were told, has managed to endure this for several hours.
amazing ingenuinity on part of east german programmers, even if their gaming industry never kicked off\nimagine playing western games for hours so that you can make your own copy from scratch and discussing coding with other programmers through (non-electronic) mail\nhats off to people like andre weißflog
You've got to wonder sometimes.\nPart of the Soviet Block's problems were just a severe lack of industrial capacity.\n\nAround the time Communism took hold, if you compare Russia to the United states, one has massive amounts of industrial infrastructure, the other is still dominated by rural farmland and relatively little industry to speak of.\n\nYou might think it sad that all they managed is inferior knock-offs of western computer technology, but when you really stop and think about it, the fact that they could build semi-decent clones of this stuff at all was a major accomplishment in it's own right.\n\nComputer technology requires a LOT of resources to do effectively.\nSo much so that the most critical components are the product of maybe a half dozen factories at most.\nAn earthquake in a single country a decade or so ago, which crippled only one or two factories was enough to cut the global supply of RAM chips by 30%\n\nEast German computers huh.\n\nI guess given those restrictions, if you had the connections and wealth to get a machine imported in the late 80's it seems pretty clear to me you'd want an Amiga;\nSince you weren't allowed to have software... Yeah, that seems like the most impressive thing you could get if you had to make all your own software and tools for it...
btw dendy is a chinese system and was simultaneously on market with sega16bit and ps1 (n64 and snes too but no one ever cared about nintendo)
wow this video made it into youtube's trending, well deserved in my opinion
This is also the case in all of the former soviet bloc countries. Taping software/games on cassettes in order to share them to the few people who had some sort of bootleg commodore 64 was common practice.
Channels like this are making youtube more serious planform than a national tv. But than again there are much more stupid stuff on youtube.
1:06 I live in berlin and never knew about this sooooo....yeah ;)
Thank you great video. Much needed.  We are still susceptible to the temptations and failed promises of socialism.
Man.. I can't watch this anymore. It's too depressing.
This is 44th in trending right now.\nNever expected you to be there but I'm glad nonetheless, great video George.\nBut when's next TOVG podcast bruh?
Sounds like current year gaming politics.
This video infuriates me so much!\n\nHey, lets make a video about gaming in the Soviet Bloc. Obvious choice are the countries in the former Soviet Union, but nah, F those Ruskies. How about Bulgaria or Romania, countries  outside what most Westerners consider the Soviet Bloc? You just answered your own question! How about Yugoslavia, a sui generis country with a Marxist-Leninist ideology but outside the Soviet Bloc? Who cares about those losers? OK, lets focus on East Germany, a geopolitical region that outside of 50-some-odd years of communist rule in nonetheless an integral part of Western Civilization? Bingo!
4:45 very interested in this but I'm having trouble finding more info about having software on a vinyl disc.
Dude, you really have a lot of talent. As cliche as it sounds, this really has a lot of meaning in the scientific community as it stands in america. The government holding back its citizens in scientific discovery is mind boggling.
Thats a new subject matter. DANKA  I am makeing subscrib to wonderful YouTubes channel.
How can Cloth Map be making 16 grand a month to visit Eurovision and you're hear making amazing content like this and selling George Socks to survive?
Thank you for making a video about this topic. I legitimately had no idea about this, and I find this utterly fascinating. I'm so glad that you still make amazing videos after all this time being subscribed to you. Cheers!
for thanksgiving i am thankful for this channel.
That song that played at 8:51 does anyone know what it is? I keep hearing it randomly in different forms whenever I hear something USSR related...
Eastern European countries actually were making imitations of zx spectrum (commodore) and we had them all over the USSR in the 80s. We had all the games on pirated cassette tapes sold all over the street markets.
I think your video is on trending, at least on mine it seems. \n\nGood to see hard work pay off.
I wish I were employed and not just an intern, to support you on Patreon >_> Hopefully I can do it in the future, you totally deserve it!
Makes me feel blessed to live in a time where I can buy any pc or console and any game for it...
The Soviets were going to make a Nintendo knockoff called the Dendy?\nNot the Денде?\nI'm not doubting you at all, but that is so weird...
Your work is so good and very appreciated.
Now I want to see a period film about a ragtag but lovable group of young game devs living behind the iron curtain in the 80s
Holy shit my boy bunnyhop made trending? So cool to see!
When people conplain about gaming being addictive, violent, sexist and other sorts of things, I think they are the offspring of those Communists with ideologies that just don't make any real sense when there are so many serious stuff in the real world but they get so offended by works of fiction it is a strange comparison.\n\nSure even capitalist countries got worried about violence in gaming, but allot of those who were worried have deep communist beliefs how everything needed to be done to their standards that were often unrealistic.
This video was ..... really cool
I need to work on german subtitles for this video ASAP. My family comes from East Germany and I bet my mum would love to watch the video! Problem is; her english is terrible, she wouldn't understand most of this.
and people still insist socialism is the way to go..
This is pure ideology.
When Clair de Lune started playing at the beginning I stated tearing up, god dammit Danganronpa V3
This is REAL games journalism. We got SUper Bunnyhop here investigating cool as shit history on videogames and digging up contact info of developers from 30+ years ago, while Kotaku just says you're sexist for playing Minecraft.
It is true the COCom list made it impossible for us as teenies to get hightech from western Europe, but these rules did not aplly to electronic scrap. Friends of mine in West Berlin sendet me vie postal service carefully seperatet/cutted parts in several packages and we buildet and soldet everything up again. :-) These C4 plus/ C-64 looked a little bit strange afterwards, but we had a working computer at the end. We were creative :-).
This is some real games journalism bruh
I live in east Germany. :) The video is very good as always.
Makes me think of the gaming history of my own country somehow - especially the ripoff part haha
MY GOD!!!! Those animations are so realistic its uncanny
I got an update for you, the iron courtain doesn't exist anymore, nice bait fgt
would love to see more videos like this Georgie porgie.
In Hungary the curtain was a bit more loose, so there were zx Spectrums at schools, and also c64 and amiga smuggled from Austria. Videoton also made some pong console clones, and there was the fairly popular Yellow Cartridge Nintendo ( sárga kazettás ) clone console.\nThere's a documentary about the Commodore64 game developement called Moleman 4 - Longplay.\nAlso all those Trabants make me feel nostalgic. We had one until 2007.
1:05 I am German and I did not know that East Germany had video games at that point in time either.
ah well, the memories. As a eastern germany kid the only games I was able to play until the wall was torn down were the one in Polyplay and I loved them. Thankfully we have a Polyplay in a local bar here.
I think of all soviet block countries Poland was in best gaming shape.
As an eastern german it is nice to watch a video about this topic. It was a strange and weird time for us here. Also interesting because I visited the Computerspielmuseum this spring too and it was really interesting, absolute worth it.  Perhaps an idea for the future would be a video about the console usage in eastern europe after 89. I know here and also in brasil the Sega Master System was the dominant console for a short time. My first own console was a Sega MS II with Sonic included until I got an PSX as a birthday gift, I skipped the 16 bit era entirely. \n\nBy the way, I am not so sure that Yager Entertainment is an east german company, the buisness address is in Kreuzberg, West-Berlin. But the managing director Timo Ullmann studied at the Humbolt university, East-Berlin. Berlin not really east or west more its own thing so hard to tell. But this is not that important.
Keep in mind, that Densi dound its way to Russia after fall of USSR and was, essentially, a cheap alternative of NES, since the pric of the latter was around 2 or 3 (maybe more) montly family budgets.
That was a fantastic video! Thank you!
Please make a video about gaming in communist Poland. It's actually quite an interesting topic.
Germany was pretty fucked up at the time.\nWestern germany was pretty much enslaving eastern germany to produce a lot of products like furniture and many other things for a low price while eastern germany didn't even have acces to many of those things.\nAnd the reason why this was going on for so long is simply because western germany  only made profits while the east wasn't able to develop and fight back.\nThere are many stories out there and if you got caught trying to cross the well protected border, you were either caught and put behind bars if you were lucky or shot on the spot like a dog in the streets.\nYou also were not allowed to leave the country (GDR or DDR (Deutsche Demokratische Republik) as we call it in germany) without permission to do so wich still was pretty restricted to say the least. \nTo this day, western germany is much more developed and has higher wages than eastern germany BUT the cost of living there is also much higher.\nIt's still pretty fucked up in my opinion and with all the new people streaming in from the southeast, the government is putting a lot of money into programs for them like learning german and everything surrounding work and stuff wich leaves germans in the dust.\nBut I guess in 3 to 5 years everything will get better once all those people got integrated into our society.\nSorry for drifting off lol
Down with communist and socialist.
Great vid George! A West-German approves.\nAnd just the right amount of Hoff - you brilliant bastard you!
Honestly getting a guided tour at the Stasi museum was the final nail in the coffin for believing communism could ever work. It's basically just one giant den of nepotism.
so let me be your token german george.....  the DDR had video games?°_°
East Germany was famous for manufacturing the world's largest microchips.
was fun to hear about my  homeland on this channel ^.^
This is one of many reasons as to why I do not support Socialism/Marxism
Born in the GDR in 1981, I am one of those people who suffered from the lack of video games in the early childhood. My first and only gaming experience before the fall of the iron curtain was a few minutes of River Raid (shown in this video). Even after the reunion it took me a little while (christmas 1991 to be exact) to get my first console (the SEGA Master System), because money was short for most former eastern germans and electronic was very expensive (an empty cassette tape for example costed 20 Mark which is around 40-50$ by today's standard) . For a whole year I had only Alex Kidd and Sonic to play, followed by Sonic 2 the next christmas. I'm not really sad about it because I learned to appreciate what I had instead of being jealous of what others had. It had a unique kind of fascination to try out a new game back then and that's what I'm missing today.\nAfter all I (and the former GDR in general) quickly caught up with the latest technology and by the time the fifth generation of video games (N64, Playstation, Saturn) came we were on the same level as the rest of the world, if not earlier.\nWe may have missed some precious childhood experiences back then, but we also learned to respect video games in a way most people didn't :)
And that's why I dislike communism.
Everytime governments think they've controlled markets, people make their choices anyway. This is why black markets exist.
Hi, German here. What do you mean by Hasselhof was not responsible for tearing down the wall?
If only communism would've actually been a good way to run a country and not make everyone hate it and want to leave, because ultimately it's not in our nature to behave that way.\nI was born way past that time, but it does sound like a fucking nightmare. By the by, I never learned stuff like this in school. All we ever talked about was how bad Hitler was and nothing else, like what our country was actually like.
With people even resorting to broadcasting source code to each other over the radio... \n\nLook at what lengths these people went to make games work back then! Meanwhile publishers like 2K can't be bothered to get 2K18 under freaking 16 GB for the Switch...
This is the most interesting video I've ever seen about a subject I've never had a shred of interest in.\nFantastic work, Georgy-boy.
The Dendy is actually a Taiwanese clone console,its just sold in Russia.
NOOOOOOOOOOOODDLLEEEEEEEESSSS!!!!
Trending. Nice job George!
Lovely report, thank you Bunnyhop.
GEORGE on TRENDING!?
#43 on Trending. Nice!
Karl Marx Ave. ah Soviet Union
#37 ON TRENDING BUNNY! CONGRATS!
Woah!! Trending video, congrats!
8:10
Wow great investigation
Long live Marx
NOOD?L?E!
damn starting with mgs3 huh
communism/socialism is cancer
Trending!!!! My boyyyy
**!GEHALTEN!**
ICH BIN EINE GAMER!
Bin ich der einzige Deutsche hier?
Living in an Actual Communist Country, I can say a computer/laptop/video game console is worth several months of complete salaries. A desktop computer like 8-14 months, a laptop 3-20 months, VG console 12-13 months
Is this the same Cracked that tries to compete with Mad Magazine?   Well you still don't understand what the purpose of the 2nd amendment is about, when you understand that then we can have a civil discussion about a human right
I am not really a firearm supporter, but I am a weapons collector. I do not think there should be any limitation on what weapons you may have with you, loaded or not, in public. I do however support weapon licenses. In fact I would much prefer a license/merit based system for most potentially dangerous rights.
So, we just need to out-bid the NRA to own a government.
This is kind of a one sided argument this guy is making. Guns are here to stay and always will be. Owning a gun shouldn't place you in a category in which you are called a crazy person nor should someone who doesn't support gun rights be catagorized as a b****. Owning a firearm is not wrong. The constitution makes it very clear that a citizen has the right to own arms. The Vegas shooting and all other gun related incidents and mass shootings are real tragedies but putting the blame on a object and not the person is not the way to deal with a problem. The average person or the average Joe who owns a firearm does not have the intent of committing crimes with the firearm. For what ever reason a person wants to own a firearm. If they are able to and legally doing so then it is there right to own a firearm
Man Cody that smug asshole Marxism mentality will get trump elected again in 2020. Keep up the great work prick
The shots at Steven Crowder are pretty unfair. I'm willing to say that Crowder's investigation could be somewhat inconclusive, but to claim he's lying to everyone and then using an isolated incident to as your only evidence, without giving any extra context or sources just makes you look like a fucking propaganda machine. If you are going to call someone out, do it the right way. Not only that but it appears there is a gross misunderstanding of Crowder's footage as Cracked specifically pulled clips from the more over the top scenes. There are plenty of other scenes where Crowder is not acting suspicious. I want to give Cracked the benefit of the doubt, but no solid evidence is really given because we don't have most of the sources, we just have their word.
Lack of gun control is definitely impacting tourism. I for one am never going to visit the US until people stop carrying weapons.
Was great till the race thing.. Then it was racist.
you and every home-invader/ rapist in america agree; ban equalizers in self defense situations. Lets make sure victims can't fight back.
Boo! I'd kill for my kill sticks! Try to take my kill sticks and I might just kill _you!_\nkill
I am for gun control up to the point but not before where the Government looses it's fear of it's own People.
CANT TAKE MUH HI CAPACITY GHOST CLIPS...seriously, they're mine and you can't have them.
Laws don't prevent anything. Speeding, murder etc. So talk, complain, heck you can even cry. Americans will continue to vote for  their rights and against those who want to take them away. Assuming you are 100% correct...which is laughable...but even if you are...I still want my rights and will vote against anyone  taking them away.
shot for holding a toy gun\nyeah, because a cop could definitely tell a real and fake gun apart in a split second while his life depends on it.\nAnd by saying what will it take is just leveraging your point on a tragedy, which is shameful.
Because u can't control guns, u shouldn't, is not about control is about understanding, that a never ending problem no1 is whilling to talk about, so fuck u
+Cracked-- Largest mass shooting in modern US history. Many things; Prey tell,  what was The largest?  The fact that we are ranking them now? Any other countries with higher records? (at least we're still good at something)  Non gun owners represented in Red? (Foreshadowing?) Where are your statistics coming from if a collective study isn't allowed?    Ps You hiring writers? I sooo would have nailed that insert joke here bit.
Vegas shooting didn't happen, no one died. The shots were coming from the speaker. Nice try CIA but it was faker then Sandy Hook.
Cracked has cracked. More than a third of people in the US have guns. The VAST majority are perfectly responsible people. How about we don't try to paint every gun owner as a mass shooter, m'kay? I'm all for reasonable gun laws, but this video is more partisan than the KKK.
I’m tired of people holding up other nation’s violations of our fundamental rights as human beings as an excuse to commit similar violations in the United States.  It’s horribly fallacious.  Just stop.
You guys are getting just a liiiiiiiitle out of touch. I'm sad to say, the unsubs are coming.
Murder is already illegal. The inanimate object did not kill anyone.
People with guns FREQUENTLY use those guns to try to shoot people A little research would prove this incorrect. More guns than people in this country, but I'm sure we all FREQUENTLY use those guns to kill. Makes sense.
Well regulated doesn't mean gun control you dumbass. Regulate in the historical constitutional sense means 'to make regular'.
Try to take gun rights and you will witness the largest mass shooting in all history. Unless you want to call it a war.
Well regulated back in the day meant, well supplied, well funded!! The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed! Amend the Constitution first, till then, it's the law of the land.
so it was bad to take the guns away from black people in the 60's right?  so its ok to take them away from everyone now?  not sure i follow.  so yes most gun control laws are racist and people dont support racist gun control laws so we dont need more laws against guns.
i love this so much <3\ntook the words out of my mouth
Part of the problem is that your bringing up gun control instantly lead into telling people not to own them at all. A reasonable discussion of gun control can't be had with idiots shouting shall not be infringed!, but it also can't be had with idiots shouting your hobby kills people!\n\nThat said, your auto industry analogy was very well made. Stick with that one if you're actually trying to be reasonable. I'm all for gun control, and for some bans... though I find it funny that these mass shootings of relatively well-to-do white people garner national outcry for weeks when they comprise a drop in the proverbial bucket next to urban killings with handguns. Black lives matter only until some crazy asshole shoots up a country music concert.\n\nYou want positive change? Stop lobbying for magazine size restrictions or banning certain rifle grips (both will accomplish nothing and alienate a lot of otherwise reasonable people). Lobby for more extensive background checks, waiting periods on handguns, mandatory registration at both local and federal level. Also, fund the ATF. Their budget has been neutered for decades. Reasonable measures, not fear-mongering ignorant bullshit.
I know convicted felons that currently own AK’s. They sure as shit didn’t get them from Walmart. This Vegas shooter had military grade weapons. I’m sure he didn’t go into a gun store for those either. You can make all the regulations you want. It’s not going to help. This guy knew what he was doing. Nevada is an open carry state. If this guy unloaded down on the street, people would’ve been firing right back. But instead, he decided to hide in a high rise hotel.  You can have all the laws you want. There’s even a law against killing people. Doesn’t stop anyone from doing it
7:03 I have access to a toaster and a bathtub, car and a garage and a fork and an outlet, public roadways, industrial sized Tylenols and rope and a ceiling fan
Guns can also destroy things that aren't alive, or that were just alive. Checkmate
Looking forward to the next shooting...shouldn't take long...lol
Regulated in the 2nd amendment, first was talking about the Militia, and second didn't mean to have governmental rules deciding what is and isn't legal. It was more akin to something being in proper working order. Other uses of the phrase at the time mention well regulated clocks and and a well regulated mind. Jesus, Cracked, did you do even a modicum of research beyond the cliché gun control arguments.
I agree with almost all of his points, except for Our beautiful flag in the most sarcastic tone humanly possible, because 1. Objectively, our flag itself is one of the best designed in history, symbolically and aesthetically, and 2. It's an incredibly important part of our lives as Americans, as a symbol for the ideals embodied in our Constitution, Bill of Rights, Amendments, and the thousands of lives sacrificed for it to keep those incredible ideals possible for millions of Americans.
The lack of empathy in our government is depressing.
Isn't cracked supposed to be comedy? Thumbs down make me laugh dancing monkey
The real problem is the breakdown of our U.S. society as a whole. We have an overwhelming number of people who are poor and disenfranchised. There is rampant drug use. We have breakdowns in family structures mostly due to our prison industrial complex, we don't even aid our war veterans. We have lost our way and have lost sympathy and empathy for ourselves and others.
All guns should be banned so us Brits can come over with our pointed sticks and take over.
He makes a couple good points, but what about Chicago?
CRACKED you just lost a subscriber.\n\nI’m a man who loves politics and debate and I’m a Brit who lives in a gun free country and happy for it. But this isn’t supposed to be a fucking politics channel. I came here for entertainment not to hear about how half the country are “wrong” about an issue and that could apply to either side.\n\nHere’s my 2 cents on gun control. Unless you have a magnet that can suck up all guns. Gun control in America will not work. All it will do is disarm the normal citizens and keep criminals armed for a long time. Then all manner of crime will increase. In Australia and the UK gun ownership per population was at no where near the rate of the US and was also regulated at a much much higher level so retrieving the guns was an easier process. Also there was far less of us.\n\nIf you want to live in a gun free area. Move to a country that isn’t America. I won’t live in a country because of its guns. But that doesn’t mean I think that trying to remove all guns will work.\n\nIf you hate America, don’t live there.
Hello, America here, your welcome for not being under nazi, of soviet rule right now btw, so all that feeling safe thing in your countries, its because of the americans that will save you if it gets too ugly. Guns are like money, they have no say in what is done with them. Fast cars kill more people than guns, do you blame the 0-60 time? Opiate drug overdose, also kills more people than especially rifles. And that is the reason no one here wants to talk guns, mainly because you do not actually care about saving human life. You just want all guns banned. Even if no one will admit it. Wouldnt work anyway.
I hate saying this, but if children being murdered in their classrooms didn't make anyone realize that there's a gun problem, nothing will. And it's disgusting.
Lol.... your an idiot.  I used to like.... till I found out George Soros funds you.
Guns don't kill people, dumb people kill people.
So you guys dont do anything funny any more? Just preach SJW garbage. How much funding do you get from Soros shell companies?
the best gun control is using both hands
UK here. Trident fight the guns.
Dirty foreign people who believe in a different interpretation of the same God fly planes into buildings, kill thousands of good ol' Americans, cost the economy billions. Now you have to take you belt and shoes off at an airport and can't carry a bottle of water on a plane. No more planes crashing into buildings. \n\nGood ol' Americans shoot bullets into other good ol' Americans, kill tens of thousands of people, cost the economy billions. Now you.... umm... no more... errrm....
Guns are awesome! More people should have them and live life on their own terms. If guns need to be further regulated, then why not voting? You need more checks to buy any kind of gun than voting illegally. So, what's it going to take?
they should also regulate prescription drugs since overdoses account for almost twice as many deaths per year as guns. something should be done...
I was a kid the last time the UK had a mass shooting. There's a good reason to have very strict gun control laws. There would obviously be smart ways to incorporate gun ownership into your society but while you fetishise gun ownership it will be dangerous.
Gun control is a lazy solution to a broader multitude of issues. I agree with what he said about gun control, but the bigger issues have to do with: youth incarceration, the stigma on mental health/ poor mental healthcare in general, poor drug policies.
Why Not? The ones talking gun control , Do something  is not solution. It is the same as I don't really know how to solve this but that would be a real answer
How about we talk about the the fsct that the only place things like this happen are in gun free zones, and one of the only reasons we have gun free zones are because liberals lobby for stricter gun laws, and yet despite the drastic increase in mass shootings since liberals started screaming gun control and creating gun free zones and opportunities for madmen like this to do these mass shootings you still use every one of these shootings as an excuse to scream for more gun control, you know so we can have more mass shootings.
First stop telling people they are only meant to murder.  Thsts a lie as I've used one to defend myself before. Back in the date of the Constitution the term well regulated meant something a bit different than you're implying.  A well regulated man took care of his affairs in life and general had his life in ordered.  A well regulated clock was a clock that ran on time.  A well regulated militia was practiced with their weapons and ready to fight. The point about the cars is mute as, just like in guns, a person can easily steal a car and use it in an illegal manner such as a mass killing even with all those regulations, you actually defeated your own point. I don't ignore the fact that guns were invented to kill people. I accept the reality thst in my have to defend myself with lethal force and you just ignored the fact that people are the primary problem which also shows in your car control argument.  Cdc was stopped from wasting the money on it for a few reason, not the least of which due to the overwhelming data thst shows murder is dropping off and more specifically gun murders, actual murders, make up less than a percent of deaths every year in the USA.  It's the epidemic you're making it out to be. The fact thst you had to make Chicago about race and the president should tell anyone that you have no real argument here. I don't blame strict gun laws as to why Chicago is so violent.  I do blame the conditions they live in... Which is cause my democrat policies... Like the top 4 cities in your chart.  However murder isn't the only crime you know.... Maybe look at all their violent crime?  Ah yes the bs gun show loop hole.  So did you know if you buy a gun in one state you have to have it transfered to an ffl holder who has to do a back ground check?  Your state to state buying us a lie. Yes, you can buy from a private seller with no back ground check.  However they do have to confirm your age and do have to be reasonably sure that they aren't selling the gun to a convicted felon and if they do they are legally liable for anything thst person does with. Funny you didn't mention that. You lied about the drop with Clinton.  It was in its way down with Clinton and there are random spikes all the time as cultural and economic issues play rolls in there things.  Failed to mention it dropped with Obama too and he didn't get anything passed. You literally just point out and dismiss gun suicides than point out gun death are higher in states that have more.  That's pretty dumb and misleading as several of those stats are very law and have lax gun laws.   Your chart disproves your own theory and also suicides are going to happen guns or not.  If you own a gun you're more likely to die by one.  No shit?  If you own a car you are more likely to die in a car accident too.  Dumb argument.  Your emotional reactions don't mean shit.  Trying to use emulation to change minds is something Hitler also did. Not always a good thing.  Yes, people donate money to congress members to help fund their campaigns because they believe the same things the people do.  Ever seen how much has been donated through such things as planned parenthood?   Gonna skip the economic conversation and just tell you to look up how much it costs for car accidents every year. Yup Reagan was wrong.  No denying that. Yuo, gun control was first introduced for racist reasons.  And yes some cops made mistakes, though all the ones you listed didn't.  That's a different discussion. You stats for black crime doesn't include illegal firearms. You are actually right about mental illness and is actually a point we've been pushing for about 20 years. Your entire discussion was easily destroyed.  Mainly because it was the same old talking points I've seen for the past 15 years.  Whenever you want to have a real discussion for such things z try such things as cultural issues that are pushing people to violence and mental health.  That's a start.
you lost me apparently we don't live in the same country guns are our last defense against the United States shadow government an out-of-control warmongering decision making elite in charge of the mess. they do not answer to the president or Congress. the way things have been going we need them now more than ever.
People are right though. Guns don't kill people, people kill people. That's why we want to put in rules to prevent people from buying guns. The guns can exist in their safe little community, and people can be far away from them.
I love this channel. So refreshing to have real satire in the world of bullshit
A lot of false information in this gun show loophole does not exist you have to have a background check  private sells in some states you don't need a background check  next your using suicide as deaths  wrong statistics and your  using feelings as a fact your feelings shouldn't trump on other people's rights. You dint have to own guns as a gun owner and collector I use them for target shooting it's my hobby  back to debunking  NRA does pay congress but a lot of corporations also pay congress for bills so far most of almost all of your facts are based on lies. And the black panther thing they went to the capital armed with guns what did you expect to happen  well regulated does not mean gun control it means well regulated  like the military because the 2nd  is about protecting from the government  half of this video is just talking about using feelings to make people feel bad
So we're covering dead bodies up with gun politics I do find this vid series funny, but there's a reason why I hate news coverage of terrible tragedies. People are grieving and you turn their dead families n friends into martyrs for your own political agendas. Also you can have as much gun control as you want, but if you don't teach about pros n cons of guns. Ten you get mass shooting. Charity starts at home.
here's my problem with all of this, and i'm sure some SJW is going to attack me in seconds. but more gun control only makes it more difficult for responsible gun owners and regular citizens to get a hold of them. you know who doesn't care if that gun is illegal? someone who already intends on using it to kill someone. not to say there arn't any steps that can be reasonably taken, but the steps we have now simply need to be more ENFORCED instead of adding more laws for criminals to ignore.
This whole video is filled with bull shit not facts.
Removal of guns would be possible, Australia successfully got rid of guns after a similar incident.
Why is this on trending? Obivious it was put there by the liberal i mean 3 days and a quarter of a million views. Also yes ban cars because to be honest they kill more and also you can not use a car passively although with a gun yes. Also Barack barred CDC from doing so and they ignored him and found that 500,000 to 4million acts of defence with guns also that city is a gun free zone so... irony. Also listen to Christopher Titus and LOC debate. And crime went up 3% in all countries that ban guns and also knifed are more dangerous than guns under 21ft and are indierctly suggested to women to stop rape by police. Also why are you not like this with terrorism. Also look at the countries that ban guns and what happened shortly afterwards or why. Venezuela, Germany, Japan, Russia, China, Cambodia, Vetinam, Turkey, Italy, Sweden, UK and literal every country that has enacted him control I mean atleast  6 genocides don't bother you. I mean there could be more. Or oppressive socialist countries that don't have any of your rights and you are screwed by the goverment by a daily bias. So it is easy to spit on your rights as you are a native to the freeist country in the world but in countries like where I come from we can not make politicians hear us or fight back we barley have any rights afforded to us so really good propaganda cracked or college humor or buzzfeed. You might as all be the same cause your spewing the same stuff.
We talk about it all the time. You keep forgetting that you can go fuck yourself.
I grew up around gun violence. It broke my mum's heart when she saw I could sleep soundly through a gun fight. Eventually we moved away, but it was then the gun violence directly affected my family. My city holds an annual gun show. I hate it. The ads promote large weapons. It's quite a drive to get to a place where you can do any hunting. Like you're really getting them onto a plane.🙄 So what do you need them for exactly?
KYS cracked unsubbed
*coddles ar-15*
https://youtu.be/tX7-dUd8zBo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqJ_4YhYMhE
BULL💩!
Wow, he literaly countered every single argument.
Fake news. ;p
Gee whircliccers cracked, you sure are frigging chucks, not letting me go shoot in,
should we ban cigarettes,  fertilizer,  big trucks. also Steven would kick your ass in this debate you know this.  lol
Typical liberal emotional response. There is no Gun Show loophole. If people break the law at a gun show and make illegal sales there, that doesn't mean there's a loophole, that means that crimes are being committed.
Ok, anyone who takes this video seriously... please don't. This guy is uninformed
Hmmm, so the 8 guns I have are only for killing people, yeah. Totally useless for recreation. No use as a tool for hunting. Or are you considering it murder to hunt? Yeah, we skew facts to show that the facts exist and how you don't like them.\nAlso this whole gun show loophole isn't just at gun shows. It's called private sales. Stop calling it the gun show loophole and actually call it what it is. That is that there is no way to stop someone from buying a gun from someone else privately. \n\nBill Clintons assault weapon ban did little to the use of assault weapons to kill people. The majority of gun violence is with pistols.
Let's just fix mental health care, cause that'll be quick and no ones ever thought of it before.
Whats it going to take? What do you want? Lol, seriously. \n\nsomething is just a vague nonanswer.\n\nBanning guns is, obviously as we have a constitution and Governments murder, off the table. Sooooo, whatcha want?
admiting confermation bias. pro gun. i think there are 2 solutions to the problem. solution 1 is to take everyones guns away so there are no guns at all. OR solution 2. make the edjucation of gun safty and while were at it knife safty a mandatory thing in say early highschool and make sure everyone knows how to be safe around guns and make sure everyone has the option to have a gun. i personaly think that option 2 is better because history repeats itself and one of the first things people like hitler do when getting into power is get rid of guns.
Holy shit... \n\nThe last mass shooting in tennessee literally 2 weeks before this used a fucking pistol and was stopped by another person with a gun. He was held at gun point until police arrived.\n\nBut let's not talk about the times someone does stop this.
The phrase a well regulated militia in the 2nd amendment doesn't mean anything it simply is a justification phrase for the phrase the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. The 2nd part is the only part that means anything.
A 17 year old was shot dead in the head in the city I'm from yesterday.\n\nI'm from the United Kingdom. The City I live in has shootings every week. People walking their dogs have found handguns under cars. Innocent peoples homes have been shot at,shootings in broad daylight, shootings near schools. the head of our local police even admitted that handguns and submachine guns, both of which are illegal are the most commonly used in crime.\n\nA local drug addict in debt to a gang was even forced to 'mind' a semi automatic rifle in his wheelie bin.\n\nTwo years after our handgun ban in 1997, handgun specific crime increased by 40%.\n\nTell me again how gun control works.
Sick of Aussies and pussies in Canada telling the worlds one and only super power about what we ought to be doing as your borders are being overrun by 3rd world immigrants. 50 ppl died, 450 ppl died in auto accidents in Michigan alone. \n\nWhy no fuss?
Wouldn't a better comparison to guns be bombs and how insanely easy it is to make them?
I am a strong proponent of the 2A, but you have completely dismantled bad arguments by being blunt and intelligent, actually changing my opinion. While I will don't agree Australia is the arbiter of perfect gun control I do somewhat like the look of Canada's laws.
One thing that never gets mentioned. We've always had guns, for a long time. So why is it only now people are going places and shooting people? If it's not the guns, and it can't be if we've had guns as long as we have, what is it? Because in the end, if the Vegas shooter couldn't get a gun, he may have built a bomb, or something like it. Which is worse, at least in my opinion. I think we need to stop blaming guns (gun regulation is still a good idea, and should be researched better) for killing those innocent people and look at ourselves. What is our society doing to produce homicidal maniacs like him? Sure, there is will always be sadists and perverts, but why are there so many shootings compared with the past? I Have some theories, but it doesn't matter what I think. What matters is, while gun regulation is a good idea, that we focus on the root of the problem. Why are people all of a sudden blowing up buildings in New York, and waltzing into elementary schools with guns, and becoming neo-nazis, or how about putting porn in everything but kids shows? Saying curse words every other phrase? Why is this happening? Why is society choosing morally wrong actions, and then forcing everyone else (shooting victims, minorities, and literally everybody else) to suffer the consequences? That is the root of the problem. If you haven't already I suggest you read Fahrenheit 451. It's themes correlate with this stunningly. But, back on point, it doesn't matter what you do. Banning guns won't solve the problem, maybe in some ways, but it will cause new problems. The government can't fix society, and it's not fair we demand it does. It needs to start with us. We all need to make sure we live our lives with respect towards one another, and remember we all make mistakes and anger will destroy us, even if another person deserves it. We need to end political polarization and tear down private prisons. We need to look at the root of our problems. We can blame Obama for rising health care costs, or we can rightfully blame insurance companies for demanding ridiculous discounts, forcing hospitals to shoot up the price. Whatever you beleive, Obama was trying to help, and so are those that oppose him. (I fall into the latter category) we all want cheap, quality healthcare. But the root of the problem is lost when singular people, places and things get blamed. So let's find what the root cause is, and execute it with extreme prejudice.
Shitlib faggot. Our guns are the only thing protecting your free speech.  DUMBASS!!!  If not for our guns the jackboots would stand on your next and tell you to tow the line or take an ass raping.  \n\nEmotional liberal nonsense was annoying in the 90s with the rapist in the white house, now you commie Che Guevara cock sucking snowflake fucks are just pissing off the sane people left in this bankrupt NSA fap & war state. \n\nGrow the fuck up..
I enjoyed this video!
People kill People . It,s just easier with a tool . 5k for a bullet might help
hello from England, I'm 40, I've never seen a real gun.
Instant kill machine? On average 13 % of people shot with a firearm die. That is less than knives. This information from my medical trauma class. Guns are very inefficient killing machines. Be glad the guy in Vegas did not use explosives. I am for proper regulation of fire arms. I think people should be required to take safety classes, and ALL gin sales should require a background check. \nThe problem we are having is not entirely a gun problem, they just make killing safer for the killer. The US is also responsible for an alarming number of bite attacks. I think we have a more important underlying problem. Why are we killing each other. This is the problem that needs to be solved. If people lacked the want to kill each other everybody could walk around with c4 and it not be a problem.
So many comments about walking around the US in fear of being shot.  If anyone is carrying that fear, they probably have some kind of disorder.  You literally have a higher chance of being struck by lightning than being victim to a mass shooter.  But that is the goal of news outlets like Cracked, isn't it?  To stoke your fears to push a political agenda.
Mass shootings make me uncomfortable about going out in public.  So I bought a gun.  Multiple guns.  I feel better now.  I encourage you to do the same.
Hi. American here. Freedom works
How do you prevent crazy?
Who the hell are you talking about?! The reason you don't hear about it is because you don't follow it! You have no idea how many gun laws get enacted each year in CA! As an actual gun owner that follows the law, we hear about the gov trying to take our guns ALL THE TIME!\n\nJust because you don't seek it out doesn't mean it isn't happening. \n\n better gun regulations doesn't mean banning more things or creating more restrictive laws. \n\nAnd yes, most of you all want to ban guns for private citizens. \n\nCriminals can legally buy vehicles, not firearms. \n\nJesus Christ. I wish I could actually have a conversation with you. You are arguing things that are inconsequential. \n\nHere's the bottom line; do you support the constitution or not? The constitution DOES. offer Congress the authority to add amendments, so the second amendment CAN be changed. Just remember, so can the first, because the founding fathers had no idea about the internet or tv or radio. So why should your 1st amendment right extend to anything further than your mouth and handwriting?
Insanity reigns.  Just checked and Bump stops are sold out everywhere or sales halted.  Prices skyrocketed to 400-500%.\nHundreds of people want a gun that can kill dozens and wound hundreds in a couple of minutes.  MASS INSANITY HAS TAKEN HOLD.
I love how they used Koali Beach at the start
Free update and people are complaining.\n\nWow, please ignore them Frontier. A lot of us love the free content we are getting. Keep up the good work.
I want a soaked expension pack :D
To everyone saying there disappointed. Once again it's another FREE update. With Jurrasic World on the horizon, the could of asked for money. But they didn't. They gave us another free content pack after a YEAR of content with a total of 20$ in paid DLC. If you were playing Cities Skylines you would of spent at least 50$ on DLC already.\n\nNot to mention this is the 1st stream with more to come. They didn't even announce a release date for the update. They have more in store.\n\nSo to all the keyboard smashers who are crying about how we didn't get enough, we did. Trains swapped. New flat ride. New coasters. Picnic benches. The list will go on. Thank you Frontier / Planet Coaster for another wonderful update.
Can u do a slingshot ride please???
I love building theme parks thank you for this amazing game and congratulations for this first anniversary 👏🎢🎡
Vekoma SLC please
Glass, Swimming Pools & lots of Scaffolding... That's what I want.
Where's the skyride
When I saw scenario editor in the video description, I almost fell off my chair ! I'm so happy !
We need waterparks!! (I'm frensh)\n;)
Hi Planet Coaster, I have few more ideas for the game: \n- It can be good if we could make attractions more original ( like changing the height of the screamenator)\n- Can you do a ferry for making little tours ( like in Disney Land in Paris )\n- Can you do Coaster which are launch on an ascent ( like Space mountain in Disney Land in Paris), and launch coasters whith a Square rail ( like Kingda Ka )\n- Can you do like differents types of trains for one type of Parkour ( if I want to do Kingda Ka, I can only use the Ferrari train)\n\nI'm very happy whith cascade, I wated for it long Time ! \nI'm french so there might be mistakes but I love your game, continue to improve it.\nI hope you'll read this, and like if you are agree !
Vr support pretty please!
I've been expecting a little bit more coming with the new update :(
go channel5gaming
Please make a bobsled coaster
id love to play this in VR
You guys are doing such fantastic work after all this time. Thank you for bringing beauty and true creativity for tycoon games of this generation. :) I love this game so much and it has made me really get that enjoyment I use to have playing these games back in the day. Such talented and epic developers! THANK YOU!
I don't know if you guys will see this or not but I just want to say thank you so much for being, well honestly, the best dev team I have ever seen. You guys genuinely show concern about us players and that, to me, is the most important thing when dealing with consumers. Again, thank you for adding so much free content and showing the PC community how much you care!
This update looks interesting. I think the updates to staff management may be a little too complex, but I'll give it some time to see. Tables are an awesome idea, now I can make a themed, sit down cafe. Some updates I would like; The ability to explore your park as a guest (could work with vr), Water transport rides and other transport rides, and maybe some way to incorporate a hotel.\nOne thing I like over RCT3 is that guests factor in the transport rides when navigating to a ride. One complaint I have is the fireworks placement and sequencing. I prefer the old RCT3 sequencer and being able to place generic launchers and just place the various elements in them.  \nThis game is still very addicting, so keep up the good work.
Just read the comments and I haven't played the game yet so obviously I can't relate to the complaints, but this is a pleasant surprise because I was considering buying it and this is a nice push into wanting to buy it even more, thank you Planet Coaster :D
I will cry when we see the day when they finally add motion simulators
Free stuff? I love free stuff! Thank you so much, Frontier, for continuing to develop the game! :) Still so much love being thrown into this game and your other big projects!
I'd love to see sit-down restaurants where you can customise the layouts of tables and stuff, and also picnic areas for parks (families sat down on grass and stuff) haha I know these are pretty menial requests, but it would add such a level of immersion
I don't get it, it's frontier's game, they do what they want to do with it, it's free and fantastic, thank you frontier for giving us free updates and we love your game,
Awesome features! I'd love to see a weather system.
Can you do a switch in the game?
Very nice stuff, reminds me the Theme Park and Theme Hospital era.  The next game will be the Planet Hospital? xD
Good progress, getting the management side of things up is needed .. I would love too see you  guys increase the AI interaction priorities, have guests stop and interact more with each other and staff in random ways .. more random AI animations like stopping to take photos ... also have them use benches more diversly, rather than just go to closest bench.  Everyone walking around in a giant heard like zombies feels a bit weird.
I just love how people still complain that this update is not enough. Really? I mean all the new mechanics that's just not enough. Jesus Christ people.
Just a quick thing, I find the white background behind the speakers distracting... it's far to bright... the best moment was transfereging from a video back to the stage with a nice black background.
It would be cool to see the addition of track drop sections & track switches. pretty damn cool so far though.
Would really like to see a water slide / pool dlc
Looks great, not much content though which I'm hoping means they are working on a water park expansion behind the scenes ;)
I always love the free updates it seems like some cool content in this one! I will also pay to see WATER PARKs please!?
yo when it showed the gient robot Phix made i immediately went to the steam workshop to download it
When is the release
When is the update coming out
this should have been named the round of applause panel
What happened to showing us a roadmap for future DLC and updates? Overall, like most have been saying, I feel like this updates a bit lackluster. However, I appreciate the free updates, and hope they continue!
I hope the rode is going to be a intamin launch
Looking forward to it, can’t wait! The devs do a wonderful job on this game, you’ll can be very proud of it. Thank you for showing my Pixel Island park in the community video, so cool! 😍🌎🎢
Doesn't that Wise Horn Canopy ride normally have more Hills in the circle? It seems so flat here. I remember as a kid there being more hills.\nLooking forward to the ability to change cars on tracks.
Picnic benches !! I want beach chairs ! LOL no this will be a cool update. Thanks frontier.
Is that the Star Wars kid?
For the peeps upset about the content.. I'm sure theres more than they previewed here.  The 1 year mark for this game is a big deal considering what it started out as. I'm sure the PC Team have a lot more in store to mark it.  I'm really excited to see the adjustments to staff management.  I hope that trend continues and we get a much more in depth management system delivered over the next year.  In all honesty, the management aspect of the game needs a lot of love. There is so much potential there.  Lets hope the next 12 months see the game move forward even more.
WOW that water coaster so nice
Are We Finally Getting Dynamic Weather after the billionth ask?!
Frontier is awesome! Best developer in years.
Unbeliveble what this Team fo us do. Thank you very much Frontier for your work and the next Update.
Planet Coaster, when will this Update be released to the Public?
I would PAY PAY PAY for much more content. I want DLCs, Addons, ... love this game :-)
I'd happily pay another $30 USD for Waterparks. Fewer assets than Animals and Safaris plus I'd go back to playing the game again.
Did I miss when they said a date for it? Since it's anniversary does that mean it's coming in November?
Thank you for continuing to bring us so much content for free! Fantastic team of devs!
Does anybody know if - and if yes, how - you can change the map size in the scenario editor?
Wow, scenario editor. This. Just. Got. Real.
Planet coaster: I am a big fan of Carnival flat rides and I was just wondering why no one has yet created the Double Farris Wheel that is usually seen at fair grounds?
I'm so thrilled to see you guys have made it this far. Your game is great and you all should be very proud.
Audio for Vocals is too Low and the Audio for Music too Loud.
I love the new water ride!
When can we download the update
I concur with Andrew Chappell, Scenario editor was much needed, awesome update! You guys are great.
AW HEELL YEUUUS ❤\n\nSo excited :D
Scenario Editoooor!!!! 🍾🍾👏🏻👏🏻🎉🎉
S&S space shot next please!
wann werden den echte Glasscheiben entdeckt,oder erfunden??
Add swimming pools please
Need more water park & zoo dlc like RCT 3.
WATERPARK DLC
Audio?
OMG YES! Water Coaster! Side-Friction Wooden Coaster! Changeable trains!
Scenario editor!!! DAY MADE!
PICNIC BENCHES!!!!
Frontier, well done!!
Iike si tu es français
Thank you so much Frontier for the staff management features! This is what I’ve been hoping for since I first heard about the game being developed!
What do you think is the unannounced coaster?
Can I put Go-Karts on an hanging Coaster though?
A couple of in game scenarios would've been nice.
I can't even play this game anymore :( takes too much to run it. I have a super good $2500 computer and I still can't run it
Scenario edit?? What do they mean by that???
I want the soaked DLC for Planet Coaster! ;P
With that matterhorn ride that is coming in the future, if I rode that in real life I would probably die from hyperventilation, because I would be worrying that I would run out of air.
I thought Silv created Garuda and added Rudi later on in the series?
Will we be seeing more on the Wednesday live stream? When will this update release?
Okay, this would probably be a lot of work, but I had to get the idea out there before I forgot, anyway. \nMy idea is scripted live-action stunt shows, like the ones I've seen in every theme park ever. Wild-West shows, the pirate ship battle show, I've even seen a Batman one at Six Flags.\nThe base is a stage area, on which you can place scenery, and hired staff are actors in the show. You can create a script that the actors follow. Run here, shoot there, fall down onto airbag after being shot there... etc etc. I'm sure these guys could create amazing things with a tool like that in the game. \nAnd what park guest doesn't like to get off their feet and enjoy a show??\nI dunno, I think it would be awesome to see what people could create. The possibilities would be endless!!
Those interesting name of those rides! How do you guys come up with the names of them?
I was hoping for alot more. More Scenery stuff more rides more coasters, but...
First I want to make a shoutout to the people who are making amazing Planet coaster content but are really struggling to get heard. Usually these so called ''featured creators'' get the majority of the attention. Who came up with that? It only encourages elitism.\n\nOkay, 1 new flat ride, 2 new coasters, a staff management building, picnic tables, scenario's and the ability to place different cars on same tracks. \nI'm so glad this update is free because just like the spooky pack, wich wasn't free... this is basic game content.\n\n Take picnic table for example, Zoo Tycoon 1 already had this feature and that game is 16 years old...\n\nScenario's. About time... I know many park simulation games wich already had this feature at the launch of the game.\n\n1 new flat ride and 2 new coasters. The coasters are nice. But i've expected more in terms of flatrides and track rides.\n\nI like the staff building, adds more realism to the game.\n\nPlacing different cars on same track. Good, a feature which screamed to be added.\n\nIt doesn't harm to be critical and we should not applaud every nack they add to the game that isn't really new and innovative.
I'd love to see functionality to make true racing coasters (synced-up parallel stations) or even functionality for track switches (taking cars off or adding cars to the track when rides get busy)
Or you guys could have Working tv screens for 3d rides or maybe some Disney coasters like space mountain or maybe even the Spider-Man ride scoop at universals islands of adventure
All I want is to be able to build on the train station grid!
Where's the macOS release?
כל מי שישראלי לייק 🖒👍🇮🇱
dissapointing af tbh
This game has amazing art and graphics, but i get bored with it fast. I think RCT3 is still more fun than this boring gameplay. Also I think the theft and vandalism thing sucks and should be able to be turned off in the settings.
The coolest game ever \nBut I would like a PS4 version \nI don't know if it is possible but ...
Don't hype this up to be groundbreaking new updates and then deliver this. You shot yourselves in the foot with this one Frontier.
I expected a bit more :( The water coaster is cool but i really don't care about the management stuff.
I just want to remind everyone: all four of these boys were street casted.
Come on C💎R💎TS!\n*This should be at 1 MILLION, already!* This song, this m/v is the shit!
@ dino plz stop, this is murder for your stans
Wow this give me chills. So good! That is Hoshi right in this video? Sorry I'm still confuse Hoshi & Woozi 😅😂
They make up artist musta made their face extra white to give off dem oriental eastern feel like their song and dance
Did u hear that boom? That was my ova..... nooooo
Ive wanted to say this since the first time I saw this on monday and around 1:25-1:27 that move really made them look like titans
Jun straight up seducing people with that stare
Can I plz have the dance practice of this !!!!!!!!
Is it possible to be snatchedt again if you were already bald from the last MV?
OMGGG WHY THEY ARE SO CUTE AND HOT AT THE SAME TIME ?!😍😍
This is why I'm bisexual\n\n\n\n\nPS I hope Dino is 18 by now so I don't feel like a pedophile when I show this to my grandkids in the future
Oh my this amazing to see angels singing beautiful music while there fans cheer for them to make the smile and cheer them for there music videos as well.
I don’t stan Seventeen, but I do listen to all their songs. This song probably my favorite. ❤️
Lol all those people just dead at the end XD That's us guys!!!!!! I'm DEAD!!!!
also just noticed that this was filmed in one take O.O AMAZING
I KNOW EXACTLY WHERE THEY ARE!!! i pass by this area of Brooklyn everyday. why did i not see them?!?!! I wanna cry.
DINOS FACIAL EXPRESSIONS LITERALLY KILLLLL ME he's so hot
God why do they make them so pale just look at the neck demarcation o_O
Minghao is one of my favourite people
This is SO. GOOD. \nAlso, visual as hell
I love the part when they push each other and the praying pose.
Hip thrust and body rolls everywherrrrre !\nAh so catchy ! Well done Perf. Team ❤️
I can't stop watching this\nperformance unit are too amazing
Jun the vampire King.
3:58 is every1 dead by this mv ;-;
Omg this Song is so lit! Love all Performance Unit songss slayyy baby hoshiii
They sound like angels😇 Especially Hoshi and Jun!
HOW IS IT POSSIBLE FOR 4 PEOPLE LOOK SO FUCKING ETHEREAL FOR A SOLID 4MINS WTH\n\nand lol Dino don't pretend you didn't move your hand at the end ;))))
I AM SHOOKT. SHOOKTED. SHOOKENED 😂😂😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱\nCAN ANYBODY COUNT HOW MANY HIP THRUST THEY DID? LIKE HOW TF?!?!? 😂😂
Performance unit really is my favorite! I love the other other units too but there’s just something about dancers that I love! 🔥♥️
Alright fellow Carats, who released the pigeon in the background on 0:40 cause he is representing all of us.
Holy moly that ending caught me off guard lol I was expecting to hear clapping but what do you know, they were all on the ground with them too (my life is a lie)
JUN IS SO CHILL,HE'S LITERALLY TRYING TO KILL US. AND DINO'S SMIRK THO
Those pigeons are lucky to be in this mv
hoshi is pushing me into his lane when im trying to stay loyal to mingyu the way he dances at 2:04 should be illegal
i cant believe they killed everybody watching
I WILL GO OVER THERE AND PUNCH JUNS MAKEUP ARTIST PLS DONT EVER MAKE HIM WEAR THAT COLOUR AGAIN HE LOOKS LIKE HE DRANK A BUNCH OF KOOLAID
what the fuck Jun attacked me in so many ways I'm triggered T____T
I WASNT READY FOR THIS
Dino, my son :')\n\nI love this unit soo much!\nactually I love all seventeen unit :')
My eyes could not get off of Minghao...
*beat drops twice* \nHow am I still alive
역쉬 퍼포머스팀💗
Jun be bias wrecking..
RIP Replay Button!!!
THIS IS PURE GOOOLD
2:48 HOLY FUCK HOSHI
THEY GET ME FUCKED UP
MY SVT BABIES IS RISING YES
Wow awesome 😍
2:43 dino pls stop ;;
Junnnnnnnnnn
Holy shit.
JUN IS RUINING MY LIFE ASDGHJKL
2:22 😍 OMG so cool
DINO OPPAAAAAAAAAAA
gilakkk keren bangettt❤❤
3:40 THIS IS ILIGAL WHAT TF IM JEVDUD CUALSAIW HDJ
bTs Is ShOOK
Hoshi 😍
what is lilili yabbay ???????
love performance team
HEY CHAN PLS STOP
Dino. fucked. me. up. fam.
Hoshi saranghae
What?
S\nE\nX\nY
I think i like the guy wearing that white pants bcs he's hot
*The pigeons on those steps have no idea how lucky they are.*
Do seventeen ever have something such as bad choreography? DO THEY  EVEN KNOW WHAT DOES THAT MEAN??
IM SO ATTACKED RIGHT NOW I DIDNT NEED THE HIP THRUSTS AND BODY ROLLS, ESPECIALLY FROM HOSHI BECAUSE NAEGA HOSH’S\nJOB IS NOT TO ATTACC
I swear this song gets better each time I listen to it!!😍🎶 But I expect nothing less from the owners(and possibly creators) of the word TALENT~💎👌
our diamond maknae is on fire
*PLEDIS BE ON A ROLL Y'ALL*
Hope Pledis can add LiLiLi Yabbay in the title. If people search for the song, they cannot see the official MV 😭😭😭
See all those people lying down? That's Seventeen's future All Kill.
The one in white is REALLY GOOD.
I was gonna say this earlier today but\nthe date is 10-10-17\n10-10= Hoshi\nand 17\nthe date is Hoshi 17
Best K-pop performance I've ever seen
getting closer to one million!! lets reach that before the vocal unit mv drops cuz then we are gonna be busy streaming for that one lol!!
I Wonder SEVENTEEN Performance Team Release Another New Song After Their Concert here in the Philippines.\nHoshi is My Bias in the Group Because I LUV His Blonde Hairstyle Eversince Adore U & MANSAE Era. I'm Glad that He's Blonde Again But I'm So SAD that I didn't Go to their Concert. By the Way I LUV their White Outfits Because it was one of my FAVE Colors.
Love how when I first started to watch it I was like “oof I dig it” \n\nAnd then Jun hit me with those soprano worthy vocals @0:55 and LOWKEY body rolls and then it was a downward spiral from there.\n\nIn simple terms : I now am a Carat hello fandom.
istg performance team's releases are always my favorite
And now we wait for the vocal teaaaaam
is it me or does the performance team have the best beat drops?
biTCH THIS SONG IS SO GOOD
대박인듯
Yahhh!!! Ikr everyone... SEVENTEEN ALWAYS KILLING USSS...😩😧💎💎💎💞..#PROUDTOBECARAT #SARANGHAESVT....
Keep streaming Carats! Road to 1M views.
like si exiges que hagan hombre a Junio jajaja 😂😂, lo maquillan un putero
Unidad de baile los amo saranghaeyo Seventeen 😍😍😍😍
춤이 상당히 고퀄이고 엄청어렵다
The8 should be the official visual of Seventeen
CARATS, are you not excited to see the whole group's performance to this?\nCuz I'm pretty sure there will be one soon~~~\nSo long Hoshi~~~\nWait, what?\nSO LONG SEVENTEEN~~~\nI LOVE YOU~~~\n#lililiyabbay
After watching four other SVT music videos, this is the one that actually made me want to stan them. My mind is legitimately blown - can anybody help me become a Carat?
can you please tell me how to find this song on Apple Music??? like i can't seem to find them
I just recently took an interest in SVT due to this of course!! And also because I watched a few episodes of thier show before SVT actually debuted and I was a fan of HOSHI and im glad to say hes my bias now. Lol \nBut does anyone know if all four of them created this choreography???? If anyone knows please do tell im extremely curious. Thanks
Where was this filmed?
Help a new fan out? I need names and faces haha 🌟
I hate it when asmrtists delete their videos/channels.
the charger one is so me
DO YOU BELIEVE IN GETTING THE BEST KIND OF CAR INSURANCE??
this is one of the most funniest things i’ve ever watched on youtube ever
Lol that last one is definitely me with All Tingles ASMR
the deleted video got me 😩😩😩😩
haha that was so funny
Taylor lowkey needs to let me smash
For the poison one get a popsocket it makes your life sooooooo much easier promise
i have woken up in such a panic from a horror movie ad randomly BLASTING at 4am
DO YOU BELIEVE IN GETTING THE BEST KIND OF CAR INSURANCE
SO True!!! Your on the money Taylor👍 Lmao
When you cant find your headphone?\n\n*WHEN YOU DONT HAVE HEADPHONE*
i guess i now have a reason to buy the apple airpods.
This video is sooo true all of that happens to me 😂😕
Maaaaaannnnnnnn when the ad started playing was me 😂
All of this has happened to me at least five times a week
Honestly all these things that I can relate to you
can i get brittany's number? asking for a friend
Did anyone see the condom in her dror
Can you do a tour of your house or apartment.
LOL the 1% happend to me once, i was about to put in the changer when......Rip phone
because of me watching ASMR I keep on tapping on everything
I laughed so hard when she said mother fricker!!😂😂😂
When you put your earbuds in the wrong ears and you hear stuff from the right side of your ear on the left side of the screen and vice versa and you think WHAT IS THIS SORCERY!?
I think i just killed my self
I literally got stage 11 brain cancer from how cringey this video is
This is way too relatable
*The biggest struggle is watching the first minute and already falling 😴*
is it bad that i laughed so hard while watching this bc i relate to this immensely xD
DO YOU BELIEVE IN GETTING THE BEST KIND OF CAR INSURANCE????
You have both a nice voice when you whisper and when you talk normal
I like those sounds
The worst part about finding a good position to watch asmr is when you accidentally rip out one or both earbuds and just when you think you've handled the situation, it keeps on happening.
I guess only the cool kids know what ASMR means.
My favorite was one morning when I woke up thinking I had an awful cold. I reached up thinking there were huge boogers hanging out of my nose, and out popped.... both earbuds. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
What was the Lol So Funny WTF Video tho?
Amazing. Great job with this. A nice change-up from your normal videos!
All of this happens to me.
I always watch asmr without headphones and I love it!
i thoght that just happen to me
This was so accurate 😵😵
Wow the resemblance between you and Angelique boyer when she isnt wearing makeup is incredible.. Love your videos!❤❤
She must appeal to the younger generation and teens. I prefer ASMR from channels like Gentlewhispering ASMR.
Help Taylor's making me question my sexuality I swear I am straight but now I don't know anymore
The cheesy acting makes it all the better I love it!
It's okay I watch your channel without headphones
Hahaha yes the damn ads piss me off!!! Was that a Jason Bowen Painting intro... ?
Omg I’m laughing so hard right now 😂😂😂
My day in one video
The part where she fell asleep and the ad came on made me laugh
on my part i can feel pain on my back because i'm slept on the headphones...
Trying to get comfortable and then being scared awake by an ad shouting at me; that's my life. Haha. Love this video!  💙
The worst struggle is when u wanna watch asmr with out letting ur siblings/parents know your watching asmr (cuz they might think ur crazy) so you pop your headphones in and want to fall asleep while watching asmr but u don’t want ur phone to die buuuut u have the iPhone 7 so u can’t charge and watch asmr ☹️🙄
Ads. At. One. In. The. Morning.
DENIS IS COMING FOR YOU!
I hate when i wake up and I'm being choked from my headphones lol XD But I hate having no headphones and then I have to count myself to sleep and I start falling asleep at like 2AM and wake up at 10 AM late for school
It sucks when your phones audio jack is broken so you can only get sound in one ear no matter headphones you use
The cringe it me in the guts but your video is relatable
DO YOU BELIEVE IN GETTING THE BEST KIND OF CAR INSURANCE
After watching Blade Runner 2049...WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO BE HUMAN?!?
YOU HAVE PS4 REMOTE PLAY TOO!!!
Why is this so true?
My problem is the earbud wire getting stuck in my million neck folds lol
DO YOU BELIEVE IN GETTING THE BEST CAR INSURANCE
I honestly don't watch ASMR only like 3 seconds of it then fall asleep lol
This is so true!!!!! This is so me 😂
HAHAHAHAHAHA ME TOO!!
Nailed it
*_mOtHeR fRicKeR_*\n*_ImAgInAtIoN_*
SO TRUE!!
somf
😘😘😘
It’s that freaky fucker ex bf wtf Taylor?!
THE BEGGININF IS THE TRUEST THING EVERR
Hilariously accurate!!!
when ur watching asmr but your snapchat be popping every 10 sec
MOTHER FRICKER
Wasted
LITERALLY SOOO FRICKIN RELATABLE
mother fucker where are my headphones
Make asmr chick-fil-a worker rp
MOTHER FRICKER
Frickin heckin nice censor word
???????
Nice house
This is incredibly relatable xD
jajajaajaj
Youre toooooo peng
BIG BOAT
Dude all of these all so relatable like OMG!!!
Loud ads.. relatable
Me right now 😂
*_-SKOOBIEDY CRACKER-_*
Hahah this was surprisingly relatable. ASMR junkies relating
I like watching without headphones
Omg most accurate thing ever.
YOU FRICKEN FRICKS YOU HAVE RUINED ASMR FOR E V E R Y O N E 😂😂😂
Nice Video
Acting: 2 Editing: 10
The way these guys slowed down and drove away whenever the husky/wolf got close really pissed me off. Idk why but this video pissed me off.
It's a dog. And looks lost, that's shitty that he's asking for help from them and they're driving away.
It'd be pretty messed up if that was their dog and they were using it just to make a viral video.
what vid doesnt show is people feeding it first. and its not chasing you randomly, its because you stopped and fed it. then drive away just slow enough taunting it for it to be able to chase you... even the truck driver honked at the video makers like wtf you doing.
This was a dog that was missing in the area.      How tragic that these people did not have enough sense to know that this is a dog looking for help.   (since when have wolves, bears, moose ever chased vehicles down a road)  Now really :-(      I hope someone has helped this beauty to safety
they started filming after they threw their pet husky out the car.
They are taunting that poor animal.
That more like a husky then a wolf
It is not a wolf, it is a domestic Husky. Hopefully his owners find him...terrible sad.
That is definitely not a wolf
heartbreaking, someone either lost this dog or dumped him.  He is so wanting to be rescued.
That's a dog....geesus!!!!
So rude !!  Slow down and pet him atleast he’s a friendly wolf. Dickheads
this sucks...they must have fed him (or her) a treat.
It looks kind of small for a wolf. Poor thing was probably abandoned.
Clearly a weak family the wolf picked up on that immediately
This is a dog . . .
That is a pet dog not a wolf people! Help find the owners instead please
This is not a wolf ......it’s a husky mix.  Wolves are larger and sure as hell be chasing these idiots.
Why the heck didn't you stop?! You really think it's a wild animal? He's probably wondering why he got left out there and will someone take him home! 😓 I'm betting he's a wolfdog, domestic, and escaped or dumped. Wild wolves are much more shy, they wouldn't give chase.I would for sure have stopped and cautiously attempted to figure out how friendly he was, and based on that potentially give him a home.
Sorry to burst your bubble but the wolf was chasing you.
stupid people should chkd at least if he was alerting u or he was hurt or in danger
Feed wild animals and they'll run into oncoming traffic until they collapse or get run over. Exact same goes for welfare recipients, but progressives want to expand the feeding until everyone is running into oncoming traffic. #SoMuchProgressiveLogic.
Thats a dog. Wagging tail mouth opened playfully\n\nWith the traffic instead of running away definitely domesticated
That’s someone’s dog!! Not a wolf ..
AWWWW\nITS\nSO CUTE. :,) I\nLove herrrr she’s so chunky! <3
I had a dream like this once
Rude! You keep making the poor animal run! And, that's very rare to see a wolf out in the open like that. Believe it or not wolves are more afraid of us, then we are of them! You were feeding him/her weren't you? You're even lucky to see a wolf! They are nearly extinct! Anddd you were leading in in the middle of the road, the poor wolf could've got hit by a car! It was obviously not chasing anything, it was trying to tell you something. They're extremely intelligent! The reason the wolf ran in the woods at the end is because he knew he might of nearly got squished by the beeping truck! And, doesn't it look to small to be a wolf? Well, just cruel... recording an animal nearly getting hit by a car? If you stopped someone would've came flying and hit the wolf... but, after all these facts it looks like a domesticated husky/ wolfdog. A wolf would be to shy to chase after a car like that. I would've stopped to check. Wolves don't attack people so, no worries. It sure looked like a wolf dog. It was probably dumbed, wanted food, water, and a home. Very selfish... poor little doggo/ wolf...
Or u just abandoned ur dog..hes following u
How dare u make that wolf hurt its legs just to make a viral video smh
Abandoned Husky. Too much in the juvenile manner for any wolf hybrid or wolf I've ever observed. Probably wanted food, water, and a home.
Screw you guys for messing with the poor dog you did not help it or anything hope you all crash on the way home
me : im gonna go to sleep early tonight \nme @ 3 am :
Say my name by Rihanna was playing in the background lol
Lol it's funny to watch an animal stupid enough to waste it's time chasing a car.
I would have stopped and domesticated it.
0:30 he looks before crossing gosh damn that wolf is smarter then some teens
Looked more like a husky looking for a home.
Crazy.. our DNA is being altered from silicon based to crystalline based and this is effecting the animals first before the human race.  Crystalline is love energies.  I find this amazing no matter what kind of animal it is.
That is not a wolf. It is a husky.
it's like be part of our pack!!!!
Some say he's still giving chase to this day...
He/she wants food and water or pups or a friend that needs help. :(
Lupin needs a ride back to Hogwarts!
Does anyone know who took this video?? This is my friends dog!!! Please comment if you think you've ever seen this animal or if you know the person in the video
My pet when I was about 4-5, was a grey wolf.
I KNO ITS A WOLF, BUT THAT WAS THE ONE TO KEEP.
He was trying to tell them they left their gas cap open. 😂
Interesting, thou I would need some more information to understand what was going on. I do not know what kind of wolf this one can be because grey wolves in my country must have dark stripes on forelegs. Anyway this is nice video with beautiful animal.
Really really sad😞 I would stop and help the wolf/husky ,and figure out what's wrong. And how the people drove away from him leaving him just made him run for nothing,that's messed up. The video made me cry..... really disappointing.
Is not a wolf. It's dog !!!! shame on you ! poor dog left alone
Someones pet no doubt. Maybe theirs... Iooks like it was dumped and DESPERATE to get back with its owners...
He was cute But why didn't you stop the Car Hmmm??
Can wolves be as good as dog pets ?
This is a domestic husky not a wolf!
Idiots!!! That's a poor lost dog 😡
Not a wild wolf. Either has wolf blood in him and is a pet or has no wolf in him at all. Not wild
The Killer Plot Twist !!!\nIt was actually this family's wolf-dog hybrid pet that they can no longer control,\nand they threw it out of the car and running away.
you were in a time crunch to go and do what? low iq bozos
Why the hell is this in the trending tab
Saw the baby - wanted lunch.
This is a  dod
This had to have been a domesticated hybrid wolf/dog and it's former owners had a car like theirs. This poor dog is probably heartbroken because it's owners (in it's mind) won't stop to get him/her. That wolf/dog doesn't look like it was meaning any harm. The poor thing probably just wanted to go home while it's scared and alone.
That really cool. Glad they weren't stupid and let him get close.
i think he was being friendly, probably been in human contact earlier.
It looks like a friendly dog, but I think once it gets hungry it will turn into a killer.
It’s their long lost doggo,
that's someone's pet they dropped off fucked up thou.... just let it (don't know if it's a boy or girl)loose like that animals don't act like that.
There’s my missing dog
what a beautiful beast
He is trying to tell them - Timmy fell down the well!
Got across hill on level surface, pack mentality said fast is better than slow. Dog, obviously, as Kubrick knew so well, smarter than almost all humans. The rest of the animal kingdom down to bacteria, also, now, it seems. Homo Sapiens Sapiens?
Wants to go for a car ride
Am not aware that any wolf has EVER attacked a human without provocation. Would be interested to hear if that's just a myth, though.
He just wanted to play running after the car, not aggressive in are attitude.\n\nHow much did he run? (visible on the meter)
It's Frustrating to me to see people teasing it.
Some leftists released a bunch of those, now theyll get shot on sight  :/
This is apparently not a wolf but a pet dog (malamute or husky mix) that got lost in the wild fires. If you live near there or know people who do please share and inform rescue organizations in the area. People might be looking for it.
that didn't look like a mean angry wolf. It probably just wanted a ride home..  :(
well this fucked up... Its not a wolf, its a pet that has been let go. Why not take it for ride?
It's trying to pull you over for driving on the shoulder.
Take me with you please!!!
He's trying to get some help ffs
I would like to adopt him/her.
Fake news
its probably their dog..they didn't want it anymore so they decided to drop it off in the woods..dumb owners..
Why the hell is this trending at 25 comments and 7.5k views??
Husky or husky mix
It's husky.. JK
He wanted to hear Destinys child
Doggo want pat
GRAY FOX
Lol its a husky dipshits xD
I hope your car broke down and the wolf ate your whole family.
Leave that ar15 alone.
Winter is Coming
That is certainly a wolf. No domestic dogs have large paws like that without being a breed that could not be mistaken for a wolf or vice versa. Only a select few dogs can maintain that speed with just over a gallop, none of which are the same size as a wolf, larger or smaller. The geographic area supports the claim of it being a wolf. What's more, I know of no domestic dog breed with a coat patern like this nor do I know of any with a straight bushy tail or a coat of fur that thick. If anything, this COULD be a wolf/dog hybrid but I am 90% certain this a wild Canadian Grey Wolf.
That's not a wolf, it's a dog. Sorry.
I would've drove in front of him, slammed on the brakes, gotten out after he's dazed from slamming in to the car, and stomped on its head until it turned to mush.
It's a sheep in wolf's clothing.
Shoutout to all the ladies getting a pedicure after this.
I want to suck your toes Kate
0:06 Man, that's a huge housefly! Someone's getting a reprimand!
Am I the only one who's embarrassed of having a foot fetish? 😔
“You know how I feel about feet!” “Bunion” - Junior Soprano
that's Kate Winslet?   I was thinking, damn, Emma Thompson looks GOOD!
katie really needs some botox under the eyes
I love Idris. Can't wait for more Luther
Idris is black so that makes him cool... White people in these comment are so funny!
Kate looks beautiful and she never really ages! amazing! Also, who else noticed she had Invisalign?
Stacker pentacost has a print of every kaiju's feet in his office and now we know why
This is trending but Liam Gallagher isn't?
Chris looks like a little boy lol
Idris please be my second husband!!😂
Why is Chris Rock naked?
109 thumbs down. Why? No, wait, I don't know why. You can keep it to your self.
I love how idris took his hand back reallll quick 😂😂😂😂
I keep forgetting that Kate is British, she's so good at doing an American accent.
I was smiling and giggling the whole time but the last two lines had me in splits
I respect Idris Alba even more now..\nUs feet lovers have to stick together lol
I do too
BLACKED
He's hot
Omg I just watched Ryan does something every week his videos are hilarious check him out and share
Was i the only one grossed out? xD
This man is perfection
Theres a FLY on the wine glass at the start of the clip!!!! Did Graham drink from this glass later on?!?!?!
I would never have guessed that Chris is older than Idris.
im so glad luther is returning for season 5
The guy literally directed a short for Sky which was centred around a woman and her love of shoes because he likes feet that much. The signs are all there haha
Guest: I like to keep myself clean, head to toe, you know.\nGraham Nortons YT channel: GUEST HAS A FOOT FETISH
Idris I want your baby
If you don't know what Chris Rock meant by 'Hammertime' watch this and all will be revealed https://youtu.be/NP7_SIRfo-c
I think Kate Winslet is a bit of diva.
You can tell Idris can't stand Kate and to tell her to keep her socks on really shows the lack of chemistry considering he loves nice feet. From how bossy Kate is I can tell why he doesn't like her.
i dunno...still think Idris is faking that accent...
There's a fly in Graham Norton's wine glass at 0.07
Idris: I've done a lot of films where there are a lot of guys.\nChris Rock: That's no excuse.  \n\nSmart and funny - LOL!
Idris is my boy and Kate looks great. Chris is the one true rock.
there´s a fly on Graham´s glass
Anyone else notice the fly on Graham’s glass?
Omg the things I would do to Kate.
I love Kate's hair!!!!
Did anyone else search Kate Winslet feet before the video even finished playing?
He's going to get so many feet pics slid into his dm
I can not say  it often enough - I LOVE  Idris
These 3 had brilliant chemistry together
Guys, he's only human
Foot fetish is gross
I hate feet
0:34 same Chris. Same.
Now I'm picturing Idris doing things to my feet.....
0:06 There is a giant fly getting drunk off of Graham Norton's drink just over his left shoulder.
I to have a foot fetish ha
Well.. Idris Elba is younger than Chris Rock..
Poor old Idris clearly nervous about  the sex scene and promoting this movie, Kate bailed him out with a story about a foot fetish
Stringer Bell does it again. \nIdris is the coolest.
Idris is a foot guy - YUP we're meant to be ;) LERVE Kate Winslet and Chris Rock!!
Am the only one around here who noticed the fly in Graham's wine?
The non-verbal communication between Idris and Kate is interesting... she grabs his hand and he does pull away...
I've just done films with a lot of guys.\nTHAT'S NO EXCUSE!\nOkie dokie, that's beautiful.
Love Kate and Idris. Not being nasty but Kate looks so tired eyes here, prob jet lagged! Wondering why she chose those tights too.... sorry Kate but you look silly in those tights. Idris is a dish 😍🤣
''Hi Guys I'm Karlie Kloss and I've just create-----A WEBSITE?? YES!! WE KNOW!! WE ALL KNOW!!! CONGRATULATONS!!!!  WOW!! GO YOU !! CREATING A WEBSITE?? WHATEVER NEXT!!
i really don't why there are fly's in the studio 0:08 graham's glass ...
I thought that was madonna
Has Winslet done surgeries on her face? I didn't recognize her to begin with!
I thought i was the only one with a foot fetish
Can you imagine Chris Rock is 7 years older than Idris Elba
Chris Rock is looking good.
Having a foot fetish is no longer creepy now a famous rich black man likes feet
*Movie guy voice* Chris Rock, Idris Elba in: Brokeblack Mountain.
Bet he dose you know how them black men get around white women
'I can't wait to see this movie' LOL
Ok I already liked Elba as an actor, but I just noticed his hand tattoo I totally didn't know he had, just hours after I got my hand tattoo aaand he just admitted havin a foot fetish, which I also have, on national tv looking cool as hell, Elba just turned into one of my fav celebrities lol
In the comment section: foot folk.
just watched their movie , I am yet to recover from that love scene where Ben(Idris) sweeps Alex(Kate) off her feet to bring her to bed, so perfectly savage
WWWLOGANPAUL./SHOP
Kate winslet mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Grahams reaction hahah
http://colonizer.creativerobot.co/visit/?player=3B2E6PR0346HGZ3OXU73
Hahah Eddie Murphy Boomerang Film check it out.
Hammertime feet - Yes Chris! Boomerang reference!
Chris Rock is 52
Idris Elba 😍
🔥Become super Beautiful 🔥 \nhttps://youtu.be/Kuyz4jlA8HI\n⚡⚡🔥🔥🔥⚡⚡🔥🔥🔥⚡⚡
Kate fine as HELL... 🔥 🔥
😂😂😂😂😂😂
https://psychedelicsociety.org.uk/petitions/relegalise-mushrooms?source=fb-2017-09-15
Ewww nasty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6PGqRZulBM
Good lad get on dem feeeeet
😂😂😂
Idris 💙
Idris and Chris can broke black mountain!!! :)
I bet he has another foot in his trousers.
well. if idris has a foot fetish, i guess now i have a foot fetish
Foot fetishes are disgusting. FEET ARE DISGUSTING!
I hate Idris Elba ever since he came on the office. He's not even a popular actor and has failed in all his mainstream movies.
How these untalented low IQ negroes got all these jobs. Sad. Sad and you can read that sadness  on these white people's eyes. What thell we doing to our society
Always thought there was something wrong with that coon
Very happy with what is planned, I think the best thing they have planned is the codex, badly needed and will add way more depth and content to the game. Well done FDev.
NPC crew for small ships! !!!!
I remember a time when software companies would release a game, then not support it, then release a new system so that you would have to re-buy the game, AND the system.  We have it pretty damn good as Elite Dangerous gamers!  THANK YOU Frontier.
cant wait for the EXPLORATION YESS YESSS YESSSS !!!!! Finaly
Brace for cancer In the comments...
Love the road map & where we are all heading CMDRS! Keep up the sterling work Frontier.
good to see them crack down on the core of the game finally, wish it happened sooner but hey.. better late than never. Also really excited to see this new generation of ship design we will be seeing!
Space loach bobble head?
Please please PLEASE overhaul player factions. This game desperately needs an end game which player-made factions could easily fill the hole.
All promising content reveals. My hope for ED is that it continues to grow & is supported through the next couple generations. The foundation/the palate to paint-upon, is there. But like the 1st explorers of our galaxy, we must find a patience within us that keeps our desire for it all, at bay, as to not cloud what already is there.\n\nIf you can find that place, you'll enjoy ED for what it is currently, while having realistic dreams about what is to come. \n\nWhich looks like an Alliance fleet & more dynamic planets (Yay!).\n\nQuality of life improvements on the core gameplay, especially to and from distant destinations, will help immensely. Like Galnet Audio.\n\nSimply listening to an engaging story about the Guardians, Thargoids or the Human race would be quite enjoyable while frame shifting through the black. We've all experienced reading something hud-related, only to be interdicted or miss a signal. I think the audio concept will eliminate that possibility while simultaneously keeping the player engaged. Not to dissimilar from driving today-Keep the eyes on the (neutron) highway while filling the ears with information.\n\nAlthough not mentioned, any HUD customization options Frontier could make available to consoles, would be greatly appreciated. I enjoy the orange aesthetic! But once saw a PC commander with bronze colored shield rings...and it looked SO right. Just a thought/suggestion.\n\nThank you for creating Elite dangerous and continuing to support it. It truly is a journey.\n\nSincerely and Respectfully, \nCommander Voltron IV (xbox)
Get rid of the dam warping mini game what a huge waste if time!!!
I waited over 20 years to play Frontier again!  Teenage years spent playing Frontier Elite 2 in UK it was a great game.  The one reason I bought a PS4 Pro was to play Frontier Elite Dangerous (the wife was not keen on a crazy priced laptop for one game!).  Now a 36 year old in New Zealand and still loving the atmosphere the game produces.  I sneak in about 4-5 hours play a week = not much but it's time well spent!  Thank you Frontier for a quality product.
I'll believe it when I see it... late next year....
I'd like to see additional surface vehicles, and outfitting for them as well.
A Ship launched miner would be awesome with multicrew !
The amount of RNG in engineer mods in the game right now. If those personal narrative guns are as unique as told, then they worry me a lot....
I don’t care what everyone else says, I am looking forward to this and am VERY happy with the announcements.
As a clarinettist I'm going to making spot of Thargoid noises.
I would love to see my crew onboard my vessel. Perhaps sitting on the bridge, or using npc spacelegs walking about.
They are improving a bunch of core game mechanics such as better multiplayer interaction, improved exploration(I'm hoping this means they are adding more variety to procedurally generated nebulae and maybe even improving known nebulae) improved planetary exploration, better engineering, the type 10(what do you expect it to look like? Obviously it's gonna look like the type 9 it's a part of that series). They have gave you a reason to grind rank for the alliance, and obviously some bug fixes. So now they can work on either atmospheric planets or space legs. Or is there gonna be a problem that is just you and not the game? (Don't say I'm saying the game is perfect)
exploration carriers that can scan several light-years and give the probability of life in the systems it scans?
why are these expos always so cringe? why are they always so nervous? everyone is there for the same reason so relax and have some fun, especially the audience! The host had to work so hard to keep it intact... if your at the expo then maybe you should all be jumping out of your seats and be excited, it would put the developers at ease more and its a lot less awkward to keep telling the audience to settle with humor than having to encourage them to clap??? what is wrong with this world these days??? Why is everyone wound up so damn TIGHT? chill out, laugh, relax, its a game, not a un summit haha
Very excited for Elite in 2018! Thanks FDev!
So...\nWhat about space legs.\nWhen are we going to see them or you know...\nBE ABLE TO WALK AROUND ON DOES FUCKING EXPENSIVE SHIPS THAT WE GRIND LIKE A MOTHERFUCKERS FOR. \nI'm just asking out of curiosity for a friend.
Why is it taking so long to overlay a simple optional wireframe grid on a planet surface, to help with navigation when it's dark (or for bad weather)? Even films as old as 'Alien' managed to portray that!
Whats your Gpu for run the game like in your teaser?! I have a 1080Ti and its not looks like that! We need more graphic option :/
So, Thargoids = shitty space flowers? I'm really disappointed. This devs have zero imagination.
Thanks for that FD!
Any mention of 4k option for the PS4 PRO and at least support for the PS4's camera for head tracking.
Cmon,i just need to know where the Monolith is and how can i see the You Win Screen at the End of the Grind(Game).
I'm only watching this because I like Sandy!
I really hope that the trade changes don't just come with stuff to make it easier, but also balance it out to make it more challenging with markets that respond to player action. So like, when some one or a group discovers something lucrative, there's a limited amount of farming they can do on that market before profits drop, so that a good trader will constantly be on the move looking for the best profits
Great stuff, I love passion for a craft!
So if I find a thargoid base the location will be saved at the codex?
So THAT'S how they made the thargoid noise....never would have guessed!
It's great to see continued support for this game,  great work guys.  Ps4 player
PvP fleet battles would be a fun addition
Lots of cool stuff the part that im most exited about is the update to the planets and the ships computer Reading the news.
I was waiting for this because I missed the livestream. Thank you
Just give us atmospheric planets that we can land on and I’ll be happy... thanks bye
Did I hear that right? Did they say that all of the content mentioned from the 2018 roadmap was going to be _free for all Horizons players?_
I'm really happy with what I saw. I wonder if any of my old wingmen are still flying.
Elite: Dangerous = heavily slept on game
Branching mission tasks someday with decision nodes ?
Sandro likes trex jokes???
MAKE POWERPLAY FUN (AGAIN, NOT)
Thats gOOD! space legs can w8!
The main problem FD have here is the impatience of the general public. Give 'em a rest guys.
Quality
Ed lookin dapper AF
SPLENDID! <3
👌😊
Hello thargoids
I've got one thing to say to the Devs, grinding is not game play.
Okay no space legs.... but hot damn I bloody like what I saw and heard here... good job Frontier 👏👏👏👍👍👍
Please no more rank grinding
Chieftain requirements-aquire rank legend in alliance navy. mission grind incoming!
What is that thing on his shoulder?
tbh, i only want 2 things from ed atm; i want at least another 10 yr on the jump range of my python, and the ability to equip at least one fighter. of course, that would shift the python from, arguably the best ship in the game, to, undisputedly the best ship in the game.
Personal narrative = massive grind
Sorry, expand what narrative? Maybe I missed it in my many hours of playing the game. I have yet to see any in game narrative. The player is dropped into the middle of nowhere with no direction given and if you never search the net you would have no clue as to what is going on in the game. So I ask again, what narrative are you planning on expanding?
Hopefully the Mamba, Moray and Boa find their way to ED too.
everyones excited everyones passionate .. but none of them actually play the game ...
Hum... maybe this new lighting of theirs will allow the Mac version to have planetary landings?\nThe main thing holding back a Mac version of Horizons was, if I'm not mistaken, a shader incompatibility in the Mac's OpenGl library, correct?
CLAP CLAP
I feel like Q4 2018 will be the day ED meets a lot of the expectations people had when it launched. Can't wait!
Coming Soon.... The  Narrative Expansion
Ed looks like he's cosplaying Peter Dinklage.
I can picture the q4 release already. It won´t come in q4 2018, but hey... they didn´t explicitly say that it´s not going to arrive in 2018... so... they are still on time... I really enjoyed how the game started. Especially the amount of insight FDev gave us into the dev-process. but now, their newsletters are basically galnet, new cosmetics and a picture of a child touching a hotas. I miss when they actually seemed to do something :-(
I take it we are going to have to pay for all these somehow? Cant say I am massively impressed. Where's the atmospheric planetary landings? Until we get that it just feels like half a game.
I got the feeling that ED's roadmap presentation is like watching a Microsoft keynote.
Maybe the team needs to take the quarter off and actually play their game .. On second thought one week off should suffice.
i love the game, i have played this game in 124 on  3 mothns
again BLA-BLA-BLA(( Where CONTENT???
Does all look very nice and shiny, just a shame we have to wait a year for it all.
If those new Thargoids aren't called 'Angels' then there is no justice in the universe.
i wish i could play this game, i realy like it, i have tryed it on a friends accont i love the sounds and the graphics...
I really hope the exploration update improves jumping.  It's the exact same particle effect with the exact same sound, which you get to watch a hundred times during a gameplay session.  It needs something to spice it up, or it should take 1/4th the time.  I understand it's doing the Stellar Forge thing as well as finding sessions, but systems can be optimized.
If I hear narrative once more, Ill kill him.
Please guys in 2018 we need be able to...walk everywhere! PLEASE!
4 dots on a screen don't equal a roadmap. Welcome to season 3, Elite: Dangerous Maintenance Mode
They could of saved this for next year ..we waited to hear stuff for next year smdh I couldn't believe when they said it and the end of it at that..wow I'm so happy..not just like why talk about or bring up t10 if it's not until next year and who really going to fly it..I hate the 9 slow azz
Samarco looks like he is having some health problems..is he?
Why is this video 360p only? isn't this the main youtube channel for ED\n?
In other words, no need to come back to ED before Beyond update.
All I wanted was jump gates,  NPC wings, Holo-me crew, and also using that second SLF with an NPC crew...
Too little, too late. Star Citizen's still in alpha and has more to offer in v3.0 than the glorified puddle of a game you've put together.
In game group organisations like guilds and a carrier FUCKING FINALLY, well i guess i will start playing ED again in 2019...unless SC comes out.
Great looking Q but Eater obviously hasn't visited many BBQ joints in America.  😂😂😂
Very sorry, but having 2 Joints in NY on the Best in America List is absolute BS buddies!!
Franklins BBQ! If it's not on your list, it is not a list of good BBQ.
This video is brought to you by the NYC tourist board of overpriced, knock off BBQ for the hipster set commitee. No Franklin's, no Carolina pit BBQ joints, no KC BBQ, no Memphis or Alabama BBQ? Not even the birthplace of smoked Q in Lockhart Tx, Kreuz, Smittys or Blacks? This isn't a list of the best BBQ, this is an advertisement aimed at the inexperienced BBQ hipster who wants to be cool. Real BBQ connoisseurs know this is the most bogus Q list in America! Very disappointed Eater!
2 places from New York?  GTFO of here!  This is expensive bbq for suckers.
More Like Top 5 BBQ Joints From People in NY
Wheres Franklins BBQ?
How can you list 2 NY bbq places, and not list any Carolina bbq!?!?
How is Franklins BBQ not on this list!! Eaters gotta go do their homework.....
Oops!  Looks like there's been a typo.  Pretty sure the headline was supposed to read Eater's The Only 5 Barbecue Joints We Ever Visited in America (Where We Had B-Roll Left Over).
Just putting NY once shows not to trust this list, but they did it twice. Dislike.
Franklins??????
Why not Franklins BBQ?
Very lazy video. All you did was rehash b-roll from 5 places Eater had already filmed at and then put them into some arbitrary order. There is zero new content.
how is a place where absolutely no pork product is served one of the best in america? ribs and pulled pork are not so important?
Seems biased towards texas style/beef bbq except for the korean one.
No Franklin's and no Smoque? You guys are amateurs.
more than a THIRD of the American population is obese....no wonder why (smh)
As an NYC resident, I'm absolutely loving how triggered everyone is getting over this list.
As a North Carolinian, this list offends me.  Eat at 12 Bones, Bum's and Skylight Inn and then do a remake of this video the right way.
Ok.. i'm droooooooling right now!
This is the first time I have downvoted a video of eater. This video is BS!
Clearly phoning it in with this segment. A top 5 BBQ without Franklin’s is a joke.
So the best bbq is in NY??
Step 1. Go to Austin, TX.\nStep 2. Remake this video\nStep 3. Profit?
It’s favorites you morons - not best
lol 2 NY BBQ restaurants\nThey should rename this The Time One of our NY Staff Went to TX
First eater I'm going to thumbs down, not for the quality but the content. 2 from new york, no franklin's which there is no argument, it IS the most popular BBQ joint in the US. No Kansas City, no Memphis. I wouldn't have complained until you said some korean BBQ joint in Atlanta was the number 1? WTF?!  go home eater, you're drunk.
I was going to say something here about Eater people being high to put 2 NYC joints in here, but my BBQ brothers & sisters got here before me.  Get off the subway, Eater people, and go eat BBQ in the real world!
La BBQ is amazing, havne't been to Snows though.
I haven't been anywhere in KC that belongs on this list.
Wtf where is franklin's
I love eater.com, but this list is beyond pathetic.  I don't know whether to be mad or feel sorry for you guys.. 2 NYC?? smh
Where is ol Rudy's bbq in Jackson ga
No Joe's Kansas City? No Franklins? 2 NY places? Come on man... Worst top BBQ list ever.\nThey got our views though so... They win.
Kansas City? Memphis? NC? I LOVE this show, but wow this is the worst BBQ list I ever saw.
This is a joke. I noticed Memphis is not even on their top 23 list. I guess because not “Eater city”.
I was just staring at the meat thinking the jibber jabber about the best joints was coming at some point in the time space continuum.  But I have to give you props for just showing video, with cool music and no mumbo jumbo.\n\nTotally missed the top joints but I'm also totally cool with that.
Oh how I love the comment section on Eater
damn you guys have to get better sound editors. 9/10 of your videos are so quiet my dog cant even hear it
wait.. i love this vid cuz of all the meats but wheres franklin at??
Whose list is this?! You must be from NY.
Eater this is sad even for you. The travel channel tv show food paradise did a whole hour special on the best places to eat bbq in the country. They even shows franklins.
This is the reason why is watch this channel
No Franklin's? You gotta be kidding me
Eaters top 5 BBQ joins in america, except we did not want to travel far so these 5 will have to do.... \nnone of the well known iconic and best BBQ places in the list....... wtf
eater is so corrupt how can 2 new york places be in top 5 bbq places. the owners of those 2 restaurants must paid you alot to say that.
sorry, this is fashionable bbq vs real and delicious bbq.
I just ate breakfast and this still made me hungry.
Some of those had nice smoke rings on them.
dude, you're going to start a war in the comment
And Franklin's?!?
See, these kind of ignorant posts makes a semi-successful youtube channel such as yourself who is just beginning to establish a reputation, discredit themselves. disliked and unsubscribed for lack of trying, good job eater.
No Franklin's GTFO!  Also no Memphis or Carolina or Kansas City BBQ joints represented delete the Meat Show permanently!  Snows is awesome at least you got that right!
No Joe's KC or Q39? Not a valid list
There's no way any NY should be on the list, hipster.
few things make me salivate more than delicious looking BBQ. I'm not pro, but it makes me miss my smoker, my next apartment or townhouse needs to allow charcoal lol
Black’s Texas oldest bbq!
Fake news
This one is clearly missing a part of the title! It should go like Top 5 Favourite BBQ Joints in America, that aren't Franklin. Get your editors to work, Eater! xD
High Dollar imitation city Q. You need to get out more for BBQ.
Y'all don't get out very often do you?  Good BBQ in Brooklyn? Give me a break.
Looks like eater is starting to run out of ideas they're starting to recycle existing content like the Gordon Ramsey channel and great big story
So the title should read Two New York and Texas places and one Atlanta place. They havent even touched Kansas City, Memphis or even the two different styles of BBQ in the Carolinas. Like people have said you didnt do anything over Franklins while in Austin or even went to Kruez.
lol all places should be below the mason Dixon line if you're talking about good barbeque
Obviously you have never been to KC.
Is it the edit or do all 5 restaurants essentially do the same thing?\n\nThere's a Korean restaurant and a Kosher restaurant and they're basically serving the same thing, low and slow smoked brisket. I get the rubs will be different, but come on guys, BBQ is such a rich field, where's the variety?\n\nEvery one of these looked like a Franklins clone. It would be great to see content producers cast a wider net and showcase places that are more original in their concept.
Texas bbq>>>>>>>>all bbq
Thisade me have sexual feelings
Damn.... just damn...
whoa no franklin bruh?
Yum, yes please!
Heirloom is soooo good.
Some of these briskets..smh
*NICE!!*
First!
U know Nick put that kosher place on the list due to his guilt.
Eater: where the purview is limited and the points don't matter! No Memphis or KC places...sad!
Wtf is this cancer comment section. Title says Eater's top 5 barbecue places in America. Its Eater's opinion so they like whatever they may want to like. If they choose to not have Franklins, dont be butthurt crybabies about it.
BBQ is a touching subject to some... You bring this and that is the best people go crazy 😂 it's like bringing up politics and religion.
been to hometown bbq and its not that great.  shouldn't be on the list.
Jun 1st. The day I became a jake pauler
If you think about it. Ten ten huh? Look up the original team from a year ago. Look now. Why did the originals leave? It doesn't take a genius to figure it out,  unless you're a Jake Pauler
I order yellers the day they came out on jakes website and they still haven’t came yet :(
His likes are dropping so fast
365 days of torture of all of the internet
IM A JAKE PAULER BRO!!!! ITS LITERALLY EVRYDAY BRO ACTUALLY! I love this lit content
I'm kinda late on watching this, but I've been a big fan of jake since day on I love you so much and I'm honestly so proud of you bby. You've made it along way even with the hater. You got amazing things coming your way babes you make me smile everyday I love jake and I'm more than proud of you i want you to continue to do what you do best and making people smile I love you jake 🖤.
Hey Jake paulers it would mean a lot if you would subscribe to my channel and be active! Thanks new Vlog coming tomorrow I support Jake a lot on my channel thanks guys!
HE ONLY HAS 356 VLOGS UPLOADED WTF WHAT A LIAR
been a jake pauler since he started
I'm Australian Jake's accent is offensive
no fair, my mom won't let me get merch.
How can u be making jokes about deportation when there are immigrants suffering and crying and taking this very seriously and ur out here making jokes about it.
I have been vlogging for 50 days
Jake when are you getting you lambo
Jake Paul be a boss bro
He's so cute and funny in this video I love it 😂❤️
I want the  camera
It's everyday bro for 365 days in a row
He'll never be allowed on YouTube rewind only good and great youtubers deserve to be on. Jake is a loser
It’s PRAWN on the barbie
Omg what happen to jake's profile
I miss the old Jake Paul :((
I wish I could win but my mom isn’t going to buy me anything
First video I'm watching of this dude.. I didn't miss out
I want it soon bad
who would date this kid seriously?!
Beeen here from the beginning I've order merch as well
I started at the white house video went everyday till its everyday bro
WHAT HAPPEND TO YOUR PROFILE?!!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?
Congrats Jake love you, got all your mearch
Quit
It’s Lit bro 🤘🏻👅🤘🏻
only 11years old
I seen all your vlogs
ewrggggggggggggggggggddyyyftytjyggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvlllllllllllllllllllllllllljake pauler
Nick is gay
I bough merch. For my birthday
NICK STOOD Up!!!!!
Plz pick me for vlog cam. I subbed, liked, and hit notification bell
Haters fu jake paulers stay lit and subscribe
DOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDOOOOOOONNNNNEEEE
Cool videos
Has anyone get there yellers yet.
Me
You forgot to put a scaring Tessa compilation
I payed for the white it is everyday bro sweat shirt
I wish I could get the merch
STOP bullying Jake ....how about i do that to yall ...you guys are just jealous of him so stop
I now all of your songs jake I love you
So Jake Paul is 65?
Kiss Erika or her A$$
Hi pls make Jake Paul and team ten  phone case in Samsung j1 ace going to buy like ten eleven😢😢😢
can someone kill this guy please
Hey I buy some teacher when you're going to pick the winner\nI want to be a vloger because ‏ I want to make some   Make up  Videos in my  vlog like to  smash some make up do some challenge and pranks friend vlogs and so  much random stuff \n🤗
You be loosening millions in a month
I live in az
i whannt the camera i am also a youtuber
I got the Orange hoodie And a Halloween top which Was green
Who is the winner??
Can you do another vlog with romanatwood
Were is my merch I have been waiting since September
Hope i get the vlog camera cuz i will take care of it woth my life
I'm broke, thanks for giving me a chance to win
What happens to you pfp?
Where’s his profile pic
great job!  Soooo proud.just started voloing. fYI I suck. but  your in inspiration  to me hope to be like you one day i bot the mirch  it is hot i volg with my phone but hope you pick me if you don't i wont be a hater but good luck and pick wisly
i watched all this videos the lomow was cool
He is 20 qnd he is married? And*wtf
you're such a good person!
I've got merch I've got the Halloween t-shirt and I've got every bit of March and I'm getting away with it and Halloween and also can I have the camera because you're the best youtuber in the world thank you by having a sweetheart and I love it
Jake I hop I can wine that camera with that MERCH😄😄😄😄😄😁😄😁😄
I want to meet you So much and I want the camera to  I really love you and team 10
Did he forgot about the other hurricanes XD NO OFFENSE
By the way my real name is Lola
i got merch I'm going to dress up as you so excited plz can I fly out ive never been I try to vlog love you jake
Oh sweetheart I don’t care x
Jakeee Pauler!!
❤❤❤❤❤
This guy just brainwashes 10 yr olds
should have put its everynight sis somewhere in the video
ive been here sence 2 million!!!!
I love you
I want it
Plz
No profile pic?
Whos from Germany like me ?
My ears are bleeding
I subed
To Vlog
I bought some merch
JP is a stupid nigger
Hi Jake Paul I really want that camera because me and my brother been really really really flogging for like 2 years now and I really appreciate it that if you give us that camera cuz we only have one phone iPod I mean and that doesn't record anything so I really appreciate it if you would give us a camera cuz because and I might invite you to my birthday and it's in two days so I hope you come my number is for my house is 13 707 and I really really really want that camera so I can log and yes so I'm really excited if you come to my my birthday party and it's going to be a blast we're going to celebrate my birthday my 8th birthday and I'm really excited I've been counting down the days and I have a list I'd put it to 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 & 1 cuz I'm really excited for my birthday and I already crossed off 12 11 10 nine eight seven six five four three two one I haven't crossed off to and when because I cross out the days how many days past so 10 days past two more days cuz my birthday is October 12th and yeah I'm just so excited Jake Paul I really want to meet you so if you get this message I really hope that you come to my birthday party and just to remember my number is 13 707 I'm going to say this one more time so you don't forget my number is 13 707 yeah so can you if you come to my party can you take Erica please and Tessa I really want to meet them so go team 10 I miss I'm your first one that's ascribed to you and I really want you to come to my party and if you do maybe you can invite Erica and Tessa I really really really appreciate appreciate it if you invite them too so can you take them my birthday is in 2 days so remind just a reminder I'm going to say it again my birthday is in two days and if you call me back and you say when's your birthday I'm going to say cuz if you come at me now I'm going to say it's in two days yeah so I'm really excited and I'm turning 8 and I really want to invite Erica and Tessa and chants so maybe you can invite them please take Paul did Paula's number one we do we shoot with the gun it's gay bro with the Disney Channel flow 5 million pieces never done before all the competition that is PewDiePie's net with the brand new Rolex this is team 10 who the hell of flipping you I'm sorry I can't say the b word so I'm going to sing test apart it's Tessa Brooks the competition shirts with these guys mommy and I got them with the hook let me educate you that I ain't talking book I fly like a joke yeah I smell good is that your boys cologne is that your boys cologne so they can you come to my birthday party I'm turning 8 and can you invite them Erica and Tessa and chance so can you please come to my birthday party remember my birthday party in and is in two days and can you please buy me a birthday present there at Target and it's called descendants 2 dolls and can you buy me a GoPro please so I can record and there's this thing called descendants 2 that my birthday is going to be up and I really want those dolls so there's an oven over there and you can buy me whatever oven cooking stuff you want for me so thank you by remember my birthday is in 2 days my number is 13 707
Jake Paul This is my  8th month I love you plz reply
For all the haters out there. You need some Jesus
The craziest thing is that I was the first one to subscribe to jake but I'm still here he is the only entertaining YouTube r I watch ( by the way I'm crying while I'm writing this )
I love please give  it to me I love you you are the best 💖💖💖💖💕💕💕💕💕📙🕶🕶🕶🕶🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘# savech🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘
Jake my phone won't let me order merch!!!!!!!!!!!!!😀😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
On This jenga one its so cute hoe ivan or emily RUSHED down to see his twin💖💖
USA, Ofcourse

rXrQZ_1VGd0,\nhttps://poll.y2b.me/poll.php?id=10
dan i have all the guns and hoes but not when i need them
Stupid fevking idiot thinks he's a hero .. Look at me Iam getting there
To bad this waste of skin never got shot
I could've been the 4,500th thumb up...instead I chose to be the 19,260th thumb down.
If they have turned on the lights on the hotel rooms maybe that would have cause poor 7 vision
zane wilson with sexy beast says words is better check it out here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjE6lABNJPw
while keyboard warriors were talking shit in their mom's basement living nerd virgin lives, Dan Bilzerian aka A REAL MAN ran towards danger asking a cop for a gun so he could take out a lunatic.  MAN RESPECT!
hahahhahahhahahhahhahahhahhahahhahahhahahhahhahahhahhahhahahhahhahahhahaha. I love idiots!! Even during an event as horrible as this they still give me a good laugh. I don't even know you hahahhahahhahahahha
hey Dan if you see this fuck you you pantywaist dumbass piece of shit. A child would know to go provide first aid instead of trying to bum a weapon off of an officer. you should be arrested for interfering with police business clownass
That's not running tword the shooter, that's cover and concealment.
This.... This here in 55 seconds is everything wrong with American gun culture. A nutjob with an arsenal many African warlords would be envious of, and a narcissistic nutjob who thinks the best way to combat it is with more guns and to just go in blazing.
If only the gunman aimed closer to him
O    M   G !!! Thank God Dan was there ..  a lot of people has been saved all because this super heroe was at the good place in the perfect time!! Thank God he had a camera too!
He's a cunt
he's an attention whore. c'mon there's a guy filming him. he thought this will be a great way to get attention
Wanna be.. That's all he is. Coward who runs away instead of helping others.
I have no issue with Dan Bilzerian, but why the fuck would he put this video out? He gets a strip torn off him by a cop and only looks like an asshole here.
well he stayed well away from the field of fire and never got to close. who did he put up to filming him? that cop sure put him in his place, lol.
Everyone wants to be a hero these days
If I could to dislike this video again, I'd do that right now!
We can all agree that the shooter was a funkien dumb cunt
That room full of guns did him fuck all didn't it?
Get the fuck away from me..... I don't care, I don't know who you are....... I don't know who the fuck you are. My thought too.
YouTube thinks they're funny putting this vid first on trending
Ha what a tool
How do good youtubers get there good videos taken down by youtube, but! this shit stays up.
What a douche tool. I wish the cop would have pistol whipped the wanker.
Did you want an applause, Bilzerian? Cos you are getting none from me.
What's wrong with him tryna help tho?
the hero we need, not the one we deserve
Whys does money make someone so fckn self righteous. I bet this guy thinks his shit doesn’t stink.
This guy is a Chad, Chud, & Choad all wrapped up into a ballbag burrito! Gargle on a big toe you waste of oxygen.
This where you come to see a set of tiny steroid afflicted testicles pretending to be a big man? What a fucking waste of oxygen.
Brave but dickens stupid tho calm down it’s one way to get on the trending page lol
Oh sure a white guy asks cop for gun. He only gets yelled at but if a black man asks cop for gun...
BRO I GOT SUCH A GOOD VIDEO IDEA!! Get a shot of me running toward the building acting like we're gonna be the hero's that end this, it'll go so viral
Officer - you know better.\nWhelps!! I dont think Dan does tbh.
So ppl complain when he ranned. And complain when he wanted too kill the fucker... keyboard warriors at the finest.
He's a navy seal... he has every right to ask a gun from a fat donut eating cop. The recording just makes it shit that he's doing it for the camera but it's not him recording t.
Fucking dumbass is telling a real cop to give up his gun?  Since Dan is some big star?  Moron...
Cop handled it like a boss
As far as I'm concerned the cop who REFUSED to give the douche bag a gun is the HERO!!!!!!  The only method this dude Dan has is trying to get himself noticed even while in the midst of tragedy .... still trying to promote himself.  All you virgins find yourself another hero.
He went through seal training twice
if you come under fire you get to cover not to go straight towards the shooter with empty hands don't you know that as a Seal?
In all honesty what the fuck is he going do?
What a ball bag
It doesn't matter how much money you got, a douchebag is still a fucking douchebag lol
This guy is a good example of a dumbfuck
This guy seems more like a Brad or some douche bag kind of name like that, you know
Honestly this guy is so stupid. Running at gun fire. Bruh
Why is this guy having to go running for a gun, and not have one on him? Especially at an outdoor venue, surrounded by potential drunk people and an increased chance of getting into an alternation with another person.. in a state that has little to no legislation against open carry? Gun lobbyists like to use defence and protection as excuses to allow themselves to own, store and use small arsenals, at their home.. but when in a situation with the potential for actual bodily harm, with no law saying you can't.. they suddenly forget to pick one up?\n\nThis is one of two things; negligence or stupidity.
Our policy is not to run ads on videos about tragedies
He is just getting in the way and annoying people.. look at my creds pretentious prick
He did nothing, he can live doing and spending money however he wants, but in the end he, just like the rest of us is nothing and will return to nothing. Don't let the antics of individual retards like this guy get to you.
This guy is the new chuck Norris
fckin idiot I can't stand him
This video made me think about Batman vs Superman when bruce tried to save his workers at the beginning except bruce wasn't doing it for publicity
Dan bilzarian hides behind a jersey barrier like a faggot and tries to snuggle with a cop would have been a more accurate title.....#fake terror
It's dumb; people a risking their lives (the cops) all the while you have got this dude distracting a cop trying to get his gun to be a hero mate your not being a hero ok your not a cop if the shooter was on the streets this dude could of just distracted him instead of the cop taking the shot your not a hero your a civilian if you want to be a hero 1. Dont show the whole world that your a hero just for fame and subs people such as police and military you dont see them going hi guys im killing this terrorist look at me i did something just dont your an idiot you could get yourself killed and the cop
And what exactly was his plan, give me a gun I'm sure I can aim for the guy high up in the hotel? Fucking dumbass, I laughed when the police screamed at him and said I don't give a fuck who you are 😂
Everyone wants to be John mclaine
So is the camera man
I'm no military op but imo you don't break from your squad to recruit mercenaries in the heat of combat.
OFFICER! I'M A FAILED SEAL FROM INSTAGRAM, GIVE ME YOUR SERVICE PISTOL, I GOT THIS.
hes a fucking retard he saw what was going on and thought it was a good opportunity to make a video in which he thought would make him seem like a hero or something ffs cunt kys
Lol, I don't know who the fuck you are. You douchebag, let them do their job you attention seeking bitch
They put this on trending but not casey niestats video
Sad wannabe, even the cop was like get the fuck away from me. Dan been playing to much rainbow six vegas
So hiding behind a wall is running towards them what a clickbaiting faggot cunt
I’m a poker player give me a gun!!
He must've felt bad ass. Considering this is in America, mother land of movies, he probably felt like he was in a Michael Bay film right now.
Give me your gun give me your gun cop hands him a flashlight
This is WAR!  Just grab a gun and DEFEND!  From now on.  Let's prove our RESOLVE!
What do you want, a cookie?
Dan bilzerian knows two things, guns and women
These guys are legends. Risking there life for a vid
@0:47 real Officer puts this jerk off in his place.
The ting goes skrrrr
Aye fuk this guy aye
my favorite dc hero
Publicity stunt piece of shit
_My dad has diabetes_
Bien sûr on pense à se faire FILMER DANS CE GENRE DE SITUATION histoire de vouloir jouer au héros sur Instagram Ce mec est vraiment PATHÉTIQUE 
Twat.
A living meme
look at this \nhttp://yobuilder.com/2M7l
Sad!!https://ivanbeecroft.wordpress.com/film-clips/
RIP
https://youtu.be/eQSbkBla0mw
what a hero
50/1 KD, 500 injures. Pretty good for a fucking Ela...
What an absolute dickhead
Cockhead 🍆
What a twat basket.
What a wanker!
This guy thinks hes rambo
That's crazy!
*Jerry Seinfeld plays*
King and Queen of country music!
Ahhh the way they look at eachother... not acting, real love! They're amazing together. 😍
Omg I 💘 this song it's so beautiful I WANT this for my new love of my life Oscar Gleason he is in alfghanstan right now army captain he is my all everything I been searching for that was missing in my life he fulfills that broken peice💜💜💜💜💜
King and Queen of Country music \n*country royalty*
Now THAT'S the kind of love I'd like to find!    ....maybe someday.....
Check out LIVINGSTON CAULFIELD - Not in love (official music video) \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyKs-DJJFvY
Two beautiful people that makes good music 💕and I enjoy the passion that they have for each other.
Hey I do music everyone come CHEAK it out plz I need support this music is good
Ok - I need to tell my husband to sing to me like that when he walks into a restaurant even with our screaming kids and embarrassed teenager. That was amazing.
I just love this couple....
Happy 21st Wedding Anniversary, look for their upcoming Showtime special
I want a love like this..😔
Pure magic for sure....I pray for them that with the Lord's help they will continue to be strong in their marriage !!!  Reminds me of my own marriage of 29 years to a long blonde headed country girl with pretty blue eyes...only the Lord gives this gift !!!
#I want this example? With a friend?\n🇨🇦🌎🇺🇸🖋📜💌📬🍂🍂📽🎞🖥
Love this song ! I\nAlways love watching true love ;) This is magic
Love their harmony, love the song.
Wow she had a lot of work done holy cow
I love this so much.they are so perfect together.
Did Faith say her son will be named Ride or Rye?
Dude had his chance but he looked back.
The thumbs down people need 2 find Love.
Faith Evans aging like a fine Wine...... and id be fine to if my husband was Tim McGraw
This is sick, rich un-connected....I am wondering where my next meal is coming from and you....one gray hair....you are too rich for me to associate anything with you...including this horrible song.
This will be played at tons of weddings.
That's one dysfunctional relationship
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
Doesn’t the beginning of the song remind anyone else of a different song???
Just go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You get the only working method fully FREE for the game.
This is such a lovely song💕💕
Country music is pretty good, country people are dumbshits that cant get their heads out of their own ass to understand how the world works, trapped in their own small town backward world.
Is...is that a formal cowboy hat?
Best country couple,, king & queen of country music
Check out my piano cover of this song! Thanks!\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGzW1p4Rt9Y
She just needed a walk in the rain
This song is terrible and the video.
I listened to Faith Hill back when Mississippi Girl was popular, and I was obsessed with her. I love seeing her collab with her husband. 😬
makes me remember why i loved their music before they were married.  the american sweet heart before taylor, and the american gentleman, i suddenly realized why i liked alexandra stan after mr saxobeat, she's like faith if only faith had gotten into EDM
Why does the title say 'Rest of Our Life' when the song says 'Rest of Our Lives'? The former is incorrect.
Song's simple, not bad. But as a filmmaker who loves watching, analyzing, & produces music videos, it's technically flawless for a professional video, but it doesn't mesh with the song for me & the super slow-mo got too distracting by halfway through. All we see is a couple arguing in a limo, she gets out & ...runs to the nearest bar in a soaking dress??
Limo driver says. take all the time you need, argue as long as you want, I'm by the hour  ha!  Good song.
This song is a little wack and not a good follow up to Speak To a Girl
Learn how to claim free Bitcoin, Litecoin and Dogecoin, click on my username and watch the video.  All the links you will need are there was well....
Two intolerable self centered  over played has beens...
I don't look like that when I'm walking in the rain.
Y’all are absolutely amazing I have always love you both y’all make beautiful music and faith has the most amazing voice I never stopped listening to y’all y’all will always be my favorite real country here it is
Hehehe how’d this union work out..........
Perfect example what God intended marriage to be. Smart , beautiful couple , who knows money n fame is not everything.
Love ur music, ur songs. Glad to see u have ur first duet cd together. Can’t wait to get it
If real men still existed.
Holy shit Tim McGraw with the high notes in this song!! Absolutely amazing and I haven't seen him do that often. So good
REAL TALK: Why does Tim sound totally different??
They are literally goals for life! ❤️
conservative redneck garbage.  humans are meant to be with dozens of people at once.  prove me wrong, if you can...  #wemustloveall #gangbangsaregreat #conservatismiscancer
Can’t wait for the next Eminem album
Beautiful !!!
i cant breathe him...
My fav couple....❤❤❤
Just beautiful
Heaven forbid they drive themselves! Tough being rich!
Wow! Lovely ❤️
https://youtu.be/vyK77YLIVIc
Love them both great song :)
Im here before this goes 1m views.
What a beautiful song best song together
I have heard all of there songs together.. This is by far their best yet!!!! I nearly cried listening to this. Awesome song!
Best type of country lovers❤️
They are an amazing couple
Their love is timeless and something to b so proud of. Wish more celebs had the love and respect they have for each other.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p6wFQg5TKs&feature=youtu.be\nHola. Ya subí mi canción a you tube. Espero que la pongas para hacer quehacer jaja
They're cute
Country AF
Laser fifteen attempt terror weak flow coat candidate.
Check this out https://youtu.be/XdKkFP-yLps
https://soundcloud.com/user-804107004/one-minute-instrumental
country music sucks!
#RelationshipGoal
wow! just wow!
Soooo DAMN BEAUTIFUL!!!
😍😎
Beautiful
Damn,Faith looks good......Wet.
Country music
Love It !
This is lame.
My appreciation ....
Still my fav country couple❤🙌🏽🙌🏽
Tim ad faith country best duet
Good music 🎶LEGENDS
Best celebrity couple, bar none.
My favorite song
Just beautiful.
Beautiful video 💖💖
Darn it!!!! They soooo cute!
nice
I love this. Amaaaazing voices
LOVE THIS !!!
Ed Sheeran wrote the song.
❤❤❤
I hope they get a divorce
I hate country so much but this song is life 😭💖💖💖💖
Enjoy the Trailer for Pacific Rim 2
WE
So is this movie when all the Power Rangers come together in the end?
First one had a really strong emotional attachment. This one has nothing. Just big monsters fighting. Why??? Just for a great 3d experience. Directors should know audience must feel the movie. From the heart. That's how James Cameron made himself. Learn amatures
Its a coooolllll movie,, i like this movie PR
Did Michael Bay direct this shit? The first one was fun, but this looks like a complete abortion
What is doing Glados in this trailer ? O_O
Bruh is that the Portal voice actor at the end?
I like the music and it looks bad ass
What is that closing music, post-trailer?
i only came for the comment section, i knew the trailer would be ass
Transformers 6 the real aliens
Music: vince staples WAR READY and 2Pac - Untouchable (Swizz Beatz Remix) (Featuring Krayzie Bone) like so people can see it :)
1:02 Holy hell he is coming back :DDDD
I wish the fight scenes were still like in the water
wow they really downgraded the cgi it almost looks low budget and damn i really love the first pacific rim
1:59 they have to use weapons that close wounds after opening them or just Blunt Force weapons because the kaiju blood kills people or something like that
Creators went to a different direction with this film .... stylistic changes are obviously in favoring the international audiences.  It makes sense business wise for the studio since the only reason theres a second movie was NOT because of USA sales but the overall profit came from Asia.  Thank you China ...
First trailer its glados from portal.
How do they have this tech man. Jaeger vs jaeger? All we did was send in a nuclear powered high tech war machine into another world to close a portal and decided not to worry about the remnants of the jaeger that could easily be scavenged... oh shit...
Looks like Transformer + Power Rangers Megazords .... instead of giving it a deeper story-line, It becomes just another laughable machine vs monster movie ... the first Pacific Rim 's Jaegers were design so that it doesn't had the mobility of a human or Power Ranger's Megazord, the designs of those Jaegers were unique with a sense of Giant Machine limitation , and their arsenal had a sense of Mechanical Gear movement instead of these super power fused megazord,  basically Pacific Rim 2 looks like another Megazord battle alien monsters movie,  maybe these Jaegers can combine 5 in 1 to become a Ultrazord ??
featuring the turret robots from portal?
the first movie was great im so happy this 1 is comming
Why have the adults from the first movie been replaced by teenagers?  What happened to the inertia and mass of the giant robots?
honestly I don’t see why y’all are so pressed about this trailer.... aside from the last sequence where a robot is talking and it’s obviously animated this shit looks the same as the original just more polished... the only difference is the new characters (I don’t like the look of the new protagonist) but obviously time has passed and the robots are more advanced now and can move more quickly
it will never be as good as the first movie. this shit looks like power rangers
This movie looks more stupid than the first one, which is an impressive feat.
guys chill... they just tryna make make a marvel movie here. they wanna bring tranformers -power rangers -pacific rim-and Tupac. \ngreat movie... sci fi , science fiction $ musical.😅😅😅😅 LMAO
The rap music was fucking stupid. Leave that shit out of Ramin's incredible theme music.
This looks like the B roll footage of the first film.  Maybe C or D....
I’m really a bit disappointed with this first trailer. The robots look a bit more CGI and don’t have that same heavy weight to them. In the first movie it really captured the struggle of moving a fucking robot. Now it looks like a movie built more around badass explosions than story driven. However, I still have hope for this movie. There have been plenty of trailers that released that made the movie look like crap but in reality the movie was rather good. For example, the dark tower trailer was not too capturing, but the final product was immensely good. (Didn’t like the ending too much though). While my hopes are not too high, I won’t just bail on this movie. I have mad respect for the first one, and will hold that respect with a grain of salt for this one.
oh god this looks awful...\n\nWhere is the weightiness to the Jaeger movements? Why do they all move around lightning fast and not follow the kinds of proper physics and perception mechanics that the originals did?\n\nWhy does the CGI look so bad?\n\nWhy do the DESIGNS look so bad? Not just the Jaegers, which completely throw out the thought put into the original designs, so far as movement and mechanics go, but the suits? they look so cheap... And the cockpit set looks so dull compared to the originals, it looks like pure CG complemented with bright lensflare to both cash in on that trend, and to hide the CG...\n\nAnd what is this awful rap over the trailer? why is that shit necessary?\n\nThis looks like a Transformers movie, not the Pacific Rim we all fell in love with...\n\nAnd then the casting. \nBoyega, again? Why does Hollywood keep pushing him when nobody likes him? He has no charisma, and let's be honest, is not very attractive. Not to mention, for a film that relies heavily on China to make back it's budget, (like most hollywood movies these days,) well, there's no easy way to put this, but... China doesn't like black people. Just look at the Force Awakens poster in the US vs China, to see what I mean.\n\nAlso, the idea of Pentecost having a son totally ruins the impact of the first movie, where Mako is his surrogate daughter.\n\nGod this looks like a train wreck, and it's no surprise considering Guillermo Del Toro's passion project was handed over to a literally who TV director with barely any experience under his belt. And none of it even remotely relevant to this kind of movie.\n\nGod, I didn't think it was possible for Hollywood to ruin a franchise as early as the second movie, yet once again, I find myself surprised by them.
I don't see anything new on this movie really,  just put Godzillas son to make the party
1:43 You need to see this cliche DING!
What a fucking shame, the CGI looks like it was made by a fucking 3 year old
You just turned a pacific rim into power rangers
Looks like dogshit. And they even desecrated the holy voice of GLaDOS.
Jew hollywood tires so hard to make blacks look cool, its hillarious. Iin the real world they are whinny, rape, kill and steal.
“What is a jeager?” ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
What is this trash?
So..... the Jaeger's have shrunk to about 50% the size they were in  in PR1\nThere is a cast that no-one has ever heard of.\n*And basically its now giant'ish Power Rangers.*\nAKA a load of cash in rubbish... Guaranteed it will be panned when its released.  <- and by the look of this trailer-- (which I couldn't even watch to the end.) --Justifiably so.
I'm not paying good money to watch the worship of dindus. No thanks!
A Niggermovie. My interest just dropped by a 100%.
Ridiculous music. Scifi doesnt need this. F L O P.
They are going to butcher this like they did Independence Day.
they should've asked dunkey to rap.
god！ After enjoy the trailer,  I hope hope hope the kaijus kick the robots' ass hard...
The CG looks a lot worse. Why rap?
0:58 that's a fucking Transformer for god sake!
This is exactly how the last one looked. Some stupid exposition that nobody gives a shit about. A bunch of scenes of robots fighting monsters, and a scene or 2 of a big name actor to increase hype.
Not watching it, hate that ugly ass John Boyega
I will pay to to Giant robots fighting giant monsters, as long as I get Giant Robots fighting giant monsters, I will be a happy man
Unless the orange jaeger has multiple katanas, those are probably getting lost early on in the fight. Same for the red and white ones whip.
I want it with old actors...
Got about 30 seconds into this trailer and dumped it! Copy&Paste of every Transformers Trailer to date 👎
Whats this song called when he sings  war ready waaaaar ready
bring back Guillermo this movie looks so shit
Why couldn't del toro direct this one? It looks like complete utter schlock and the jaegers look like shit and don't move like they do in the other movie and aren't as convincing
so many hate comment, maybe they can make a better movie
I have some conflicting feelings about this. A real nice mix of FUCK YEAH and oh god no. I dont know, it just seems a bit off for some reason. Like Im not really watching Pacific Rim, but like Power rangers or something. I Think it has something with the fact that the robots kick around like ninjas. I dunno, cant judge a book by its cover I guess.
Why is GLaDOS on here?
This song by 2PAC is crazy💘❤
WTH, why'd they need to ruin this?!
looks like cartoony pwer rangers
Power rangers meets transformers
Music ??
Tupac
Glados voice????
2:27 IS THAT GLADOS AAAAHHHH PORTAL 3 CONFIRMED
No jimsey danger
Fucking amped lol
I like it
power rangers))
the song freaking awesome
That robot voice is GLADOS!!!
PoolPOOP
Portal 3 confirmed
Shots fired at superman...lmao
Looks koo to me
shit actor, shit movie
GLaDOS is back again!
WE WUZ
WE
WE WUZ PACIFIN AND SWINGIN
WE\nWUZ\nGUNDAMZ
AYO\n\nWE WUZ ROBOTS N SHEEEEEIT
666
Chinese transformer
Looks like shit fam
wow
Top
Wtf was that 0:43
Ha ha.....power rangers....
absolute garbage
Cringe
NO MORE NIGGERS
Looks amazing. Amped to see it. The flow of retarded comments is overwhelming though lol. Stop whining. It's not even out yet.
Why is everyone slating the trailer when the movie even isn't out yet?
WE
What’s GlaDOS doing in this?
Wish I had a chance to ride that attraction before it was closed... alas, I wasn't even born yet. Still a great short though.
OH MY GOODNESS THIS IS SO MAGICAL!!! <3 <3 <3 <3
I don't like it
The amount of referencing here, wow!!! Everything from Pinocchio's opening song, to Disneyland's Nature Wonderland to an original park map. Heck... it even foreshadows the new Mickey ride in WDW! It also remains vividly entertaining!
I've been there before
Rated G Halloween movies in a nutshell0:57
This is definitely the true story behind Big Thunder Mountain
this is the pinnacle of humor i love these so much
It would have been funny if the ending was that they were dreaming and none of that happened
My cousin thought they were brother and sisters but nope 😂😂
Mickey has a beautiful singing voice
Thunder mountain reference?\n\n\n\n\n\nOops forgot the splash mountain reference
Splash Mountain anyone
Walt Disney 0:49 😭😭😭😭 RIP
These shorts are funney 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😃😂😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃
This is a rip off of cuphead
Disney need to go back to hand drawn animation :)
And so, they stuck in the Rainbow Caverns and live happily ever after😂😂
I love you 😘 so much and you can always be loved
Great throwback to Disneyland's old attraction
I don't know why, but i love 1:00 soooooo much!
Ummmm...  One question were are chip and dale?
I can't handle the amount of references in this one short.
I cant believe The rainbow caverns was a real place... I got goosebumps.
These are AMAZING, who is making these? And why arent they more famous??
They were literally riding big thunder mountain
make a  valentines day movie
I hope they make a ride out of this
IT'S MICKEY MOUSE...
Is supposed to be how Thurber Mountain was made??? Disney👏
that the best thing isee on the (hot shows) on youtube ...paint and fantasy
Cmon disney do what the creators of Cuphead did and go back to your roots this animation style sucks
This has all the charm of the old cartoon shorts they used to do! Love it!
Lol. I found this vid when it had 666 views.
Aww, this one was so sweet!! :D
The new Star Wars is looking great!
i love how they brought back Pinocchio :')
T H U N D E R  R A I L R O A D
When I heard that the short opened with Little wooden head from Pinocchio I immediately liked it because pinocchio is my favorite movie
Who used to have these kinds of animations on cassette tapes  \n\nOnly 90s kid will understand
These shorts never disappoint me. They're the best!
I want a game in this animation style!!!! Like cuphead
Iowa
By 3:13 I thought it would end with a sad ending
I love those rats.\nThe ones with the plague.
I really hate the new mickey mouse animation design\nI remember when I was 10 they had the 3d/classic design..\nGood old days when disney actually cared about fans...
I'm sick of Disney adhering to these hetro-normative stereotypes
That was so good especially 0:07
I hope they make a Halloween short
Did they rly put. A goat next to TNT 😂😂
????
Who else loves Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse ?
I want Duffy to be in one of these shorts.
again, i ask myself how do i get here. haha
Ren and Stimpy may well be the most influential cartoon ever. Seems most cartoons these days share its DNA. Even Mickey now.
Did they just .... die ??
Is HotDiggityDemon the voice actor?
mickey mouse never seems to fail in making my day
I thought my animation was bad!
Come a long way since steamboat willie
This has only 4 shots that were from far away, causing a cramped feeling throughout it, in addition the idiocy of Mickey mouse in this short leaves Mickey giving me the impression of a dumb Mickey. Plus instead of letting Mickey learn his lesson we are provided with the idea  that blind faith leads to good things.
I didn't know Disney still made Mickey mouse cartoons
Did they.. die at the end?
What if this is the basis for the new Hollywood Studios ride lol
Why Is mickey mouse like SpongeBob? \nThis is the first time i seen one of the new mickey mouse cartoons are they all like this? Because im not fan of this
The sad truth is that Mickey and Minnie never made it out of that explosion, some say their spirits still haunt it to this day.
I love the nostalgia
0:49 when you ask your dad of you can name a clubhouse after you and he says yes
Shame disney doesn't have it's quality animators anymore, they were so good at motion that people didn't believe it wasn't rotoscoping. Miss the old fliescer style rubber hose animation this cartoon emulates but it just seems like looney tunes, ren and stimpy or anime influenced corner cutting now.
This used to be In Disneyland in Frontierland and so they replaced it with thunder mountain
Me: accidentally clicks on video\nMe: Hum. Let's see what this is about.\n\n0:04 what the heeeeeeeck
Rats with plague I thought plague is done but not in Madagascar
Wow this bonus Cuphead level looks just like a Disney short!
0:57 BENDY?!
0:48 your welcome
Disney land references
XD
Aw. cute.
Keep it up
Where's their Suspenders? #mandelaeffect
Is this a new Cuphead DLC?
I love bendy\n\nYour so mean to bendy.😱😱😱😱😱
Amazing cartoon. Magnificent videos.
Leaked Cuphead DLC
Goals
This is amazing!
Qqqqq.k
Cuphead.
Minnie mouse HELLA THICC🍑
this animation style is too close hotdiggedydemon, creepy
666k views
Marzia and PewDiePie
Cool art style.
Nature: BUT WAIT THERES MORE
GASP GASP GASP GASP, EUHGA!!!!
Did Mickey ate Sponge Bob?
This Cuphead fan animation is cool
Did they die?
I love Mickey mouse 👌 .
Cuphead
The first Vox Borders documentary launches in 8 days. It's publishing October 17th, across Youtube and Facebook. The other 5 will come weekly after that, on Tuesdays. If you want to make sure you don't miss them, you can follow me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/johnnyharrisvox or sign up for my newsletter: www.vox.com/borders-email. \n\nI'm so excited to release these. I've been working on nothing else for the past 6 months, and I think they'll live up to the hype!\n\n- Johnny
Go to the Catalan region of Spain next please!
I hate how I have anxiety and live here. There is a 1/30,000 chance I could be in this video.
... are the illegal immigrants.
I live here haha this for me is super normal
Wait what about the millions of migrants?
Muslims are all over Europe, that's one type of monkey
English is my second language, I'm asking, shouldn't he say there ARE monkeys instead or is ? 0:01
ohhh...you haven't travelled to india then haha
Who else is from Gibraltar here? Please tell me I'm not the only one.
All the British monkeys are coming to America and taking over TV host positions.
In my city, a monkey held up an old lady and took her money
Actually there are plenty of monkeys in Eu if you check a place called the rift on league of legends
hmmmmm nah will leave it its just too easy!
Militarized for WAR. Wow. Excellent observation
Let's see what happens after Brexit...
Funny how the thumbnail could referr both left and right as monkeys
You are a mix of Rhett and Michael from vsauce  lol
Oh ye, I visited that place about 2 years ago, but didn't know it was the only monkey inhabited place in Europe. Very strange indeed, there is an airbase built ontop of the water and you suddenly traveled from Spain to a British speaking area. If you visit, remember that the boarder patrol are British so don't be fooled by Spanish ticket scammers, especially since you don't even need a ticket cross boarders x.x
I knew there were going to be racist comments before opening them!
No, there is also monkeys in Finland. Winter monkeys.
Arent they supposed to be recording that new album? smh
I thought I had a sam & niko tab playing in the background at the start of this video.
I went to an international guide camp in Co. Cavan in Ireland and the gibraltar guide leaders told us about 'los monos' being everywhere and being very naughty. Have you been to Jersey? It feels like a weird mix of France and Britain :)
Wouldn't the genetic pool for these monkeys be very limited to the point where they're inbreeding?
Finally a BORDERS episode about an actual border conflict. the rest were about stupid vending machines and surfing. Please don't fail me again.
Man where do I sign up for his job? It's so awesome to be able to travel and learn all these things, moreover being able to share them with the world on a popular platform.
These aren't monkeys. Monkeys have tails.
Those Monkeys are robbing bastards! One of them still has my old Nokia............
Asia is full of wild monkeys cuz you can definitely see it in India!
Gibraltar is not a zoo, so why cant I feed the monkeys? Stupid rules.
You hear tht  The Males Play A Huge Roll in Raising The Infants  I Respect Tht Too 👏🏽
The only monkeys? Mate you forgot the cast of Eastenders.
I clicked because the guy is hot
Does someone have a link to listen to the last music? Despite the name in the credits I can't find it anywhere
Winston, is that you?
Photographing the monkeys is psychologically stressful for them.\n*Films the monkeys instead.*
Lol you make Gibraltar look interesting and not a boring shithole
I remember when i visited Gibraltar one of the monkeys sat on the back of one of my friends and started pulling on her hair and she started freaking out and i was like just chill out maybe you should stop trying get selfies with him and just take a photo of him .
Here are a few things here I think are important and cool about Gibraltar:\n- Gibraltar is one of the last territories that the UN considers a colony in the world. Gibraltar in this video is shown to be an entity Britain would give up and give back to Spain, but the residents and government of Gibraltar want to be entirely independent of both countries and be their own sovereign nation. \n-Gibraltar is entirely self-sufficient economically and they actually end most years with a surplus\n-Gibraltar is not just English and Spanish. Because of the small populace, minorities have a substantial impact on the culture. These include a large Indian community as well as the second largest population of Jews per capita in the world\n-Going off the previous point, many people from Gibraltar speak Llanito, a hybrid of Spanish and English with many words and phrases from Hebrew/Yiddish and Hindi mixed in.
The monkey myth - lose the monkeys, lose the Rock - is almost word for word like the myth about the ravens at the Tower of London, and both with the twist of Winston Churchill ordering the animals protected for the sake of the nation.
That's cool. I want to visit some day
Reminds me of the Green Monkeys in Barbados. They were likely brought there through trade.
As someone who's been to Gibraltar, banning tourists from giving food isn't going to do anything because the monkeys are the ones attacking the tourists and stealing their food/ running after you.
Technically Gibraltar is close enough to be considered Africa as well
You're forgetting all the wild muslims and africans
P r o p a g a n d a  i s  m y  c i t y
When your apart of the 30,000 that live on Gibraltar and know that he missed out on a few details about the Macaques 🙃
the only wild monkeys in Europe are the French national team
We call them Muslims where I'm from.
what is the name of second track? the one that starts at 1:05?
What about all the monkeys that ran away from their country and are now plaguing Europe? They should be included too...
The monkeys will steal your ice cream and dolls if you aren’t careful, I’ve been there
But there's millions of monkeys in Europe 😉
Gibraltar voted 95% to remain in the EU😂
THEY FORGOT ABOUT THE WINDSOR MONKEYS IN WINDSOR CASTLE !
Thought this was going to be about middle eastern refugees
Orangutans are common in China India has monkeys ! It's all the same landmass .🐒🙊🙈🙉🐵
Bet there are gonna be plenty of racist ass comments down here
Thought this was gonna be about African and Middle Eastern immigrants...
You can find monkeys that claim to be refugees from Northern Africa all over Germany and France
Before too much longer the title will read  The only Europeans left in Europe. liberal trash.
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! \n\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Him! He loves you! \n\nPlease don't listen to the lies of the enemy. Jesus is not angry at you, in fact He is waiting on YOU to call upon Him! Jesus died so that you may live! \n\nHe knows what you are going through, and He will help you if you would let Him. \n\nI pray you consider calling upon Him today. You may not get another chance, and to die without The Lord Jesus is a very dangerous thing. \n\nJudgement is also swiftly approaching, and Jesus is the Only Way to escape. So please trust and follow Jesus today! Don't be scared, Jesus TRULY Loves you! \n\nShalom, friends.
Muslims are loose monkeys, should kill them all
i thought all monkeys had long tails. **the more you know**
Gibraltar will never be Spanish but forever remain part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
There are alot of these monkeys in northern India. I always see them when I visit
europe is full of monkeys my man.
why don't they leave Gibraltar and spread out?
Come to India, monkeys will even enter your hotel and sometimes humans here also behave like monkeys
So imperial Britain cared more for these macaques then they did for all the humans of the Indian subcontinent. How quaint
Very interesting topic, TERRIBLE footage. Damn son, if you can't nudge the camera in the right direction exposure-wise, you should get a competent cameraman to follow you.
The  monkeys are moroccan native monkeys from the Atlas Mountains, there a big sea gap between morocco and that rock and u still ask how they got there ? Damn VOX u can be stupid sometimes
Are these really monkeys? I thought monkeys had to have tails. Apes don't have tails.
The only wild monkeys in Europe: Rapefugees
I can't imagine the comments
Only wild monkeys in Europe \n\nNo go zones...\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTake a joke...
Yeah, I've been there with my family. One of those monkeys stole my sister's ice cream. Another one of those went on a woman's head, grabbing onto her hair. If you approach them funny, they might attack you. So don't act aggressive towards them if you enjoy having fingers and a face.
Oh so thats why its called Watchpoint Gibraltar
There are several monkeys in Europe, the monkeys you showed in this video and then you have invasive species, the Muslims and the Blacks.
I know a guy when I lived in Gibraltar who threw a monkey off a cliff because it stole his daughters necklace.
What are you talking about? I saw loads of wild monkeys when I was in Italy and more come there every day
You forgot the refugees
Welcome to Europe :)
We have immigrants
THEY APES. check for tails.
Welcome to watchpoint Gibraltar
Keep it up Vox!
https://www.facebook.com/3.4.change/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel
Did somebody say peanut butter?!
Which one
They are NOT monkeys they are Barbary Apes.
MENDELS LAWS PROVES OTHERWISE! !
Inb4 Afrocentrist KANGZ comments or pseudonazi pussybois talking about illegal immigrants.
I live there ☺☺☺
They’re apes
You mean immigrants
Congrats on 3 mill
Rule Britannia!
I love Gibraltar
Ni you are always so beautiful and no doubt baby Harlow is going to be the same! Happy birthday lovely, hope it was the best day for you ❤️❤️
Epilepsy warning near the end
When you going to propose to her x
is nicole british??
Awh this is so cute. Looks like the most lovely family birthday ❤
I found it so nice that you invited Anna to the dinner❤️
Why does he do what Alfie does at the beginning
Hope all ur wishes came true ni xxx
we've got he same birthday!!
I hope you enjoyed your birthday Ni💞Harlows Card was adorable! Casey is the cutest boyfriend ever💗
Omg happy birthday sorry it's late I feel really bad ❤❤❤
Omg how is she only 20 xxx
Happy bday ni time to put a little something in that finger Casey
He got her an Xbox
Happy birthday ni keep being you 20!! 🎈🛍
I’m still waiting for that upload Nicole ;)
Wtf is this in my recommended :/ I’m not THIS bored
you’re honestly great parents and harlow is lucky to have you both❤️
I think Casey is slowly picking up Nicoles accent <3
I never thought Nicole was 19 xx
You don't look 20
This is #19 on trending
Ik someone that was there in that night
Nicole had a baby when she was 19!!
I hope ya had a lovely birthday and got what you wanted 😄🎁🎈🎈🎈
Honestly I'm not the biggest baby fan, but Harlow is THE SWEETEST thing ever, hands down the cutest baby I've seen in my life
Hope you had a lovely bday! 💗 you guys have the cutest family!!
8:30 looks like Casey is strangling Harlow
Harlow is the cutest
wow i thought u were 26
Random but where did you get the wrapping paper?? 😂😂😂 I like how you wrapped the presents haha xxx
Was anyone else cringing when he was on about the pole dancing
Hi it's my birthday Monday the 9th
Hope you had an amazing birthday Nicole! 💖👶🏼💋
Happy birthday ni 🥂would you mind checking my channel out?x
damn i wanna work at a haunted maze scaring people lol 19:27 shes so pretty
I actually so want to meet Jed. You need to do a video with him!!!
Happy birthday Ni. Harlow is so cute❤. Love you all.
Happy birthday ni we all love you 😘
#19 on trending 💗💗💗! Happy birthday Nicole💕😘 Harlow is such a lucky girl!
That thumbnail made you look like Victoria justice!
I hope you had a great Birthday Ni.
I'm 20 today! So you're a a day older ni!💖
Ni is 20 and this video is 20 on trending 🤔😂❤️
Hope you have had a great day today it's my birthday on Sunday
awesome that you put the warning about the flashing images!!! this is so important!! (your sister might take an example ;p)
Casey I have the same birthday as nicole the 6th of october
Any small youtubers want to support each other? xx
I LOVE YOU THREE SM YOU HAVE NO CLUE💙💗💗💗💗💗💗
I thought ni was about 22!😱
Happy birthday Nea wow #trending once again absolutely smashing it watched from day one 🎉🎉👌
Happy Birthday Nicole  hope u had an amazing day !🎉🎈❣️
how is this no 2 on trending?!
Happy birthday . Sorry late ❤
you too are way to cute 😭😫
You bunch of mongs like to get on trending.
Does she count as a MILF because of Harlow?
I’m 20 in two months and Nicole looks so much more of a 20 year old than me😂😅
#19 on trending ☺️☺️☺️
Happy birthday Nicole
Whats nicoles channel?
This bitch fire
Yasss ❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
#15 on trending this video
Happy birthday Ni ❤️😊😘
15 on trending
happy birthday
Happy💞20th🌎Birthdayyy❤️😘
Tf is this shit 😂
Where were they?
Happy late birthday Nicole 😘❤️🎉
💕💕💗💗💓💓
Happy birthday ni love u xxxxxxxx
Happy birthday 🍰
Happy birthday 💖💜💘💕💖💜💘💕
Your vid is on 15 trending
Personalised number plate (NII H..)? 5:49
Omg nicole looked so white
TRENDING 17.
Who the fuk cares
What she doing with this dweeb lol
It’s trending ur video 💜💜
What’s Nicole’s channel ??
How long have you and Nicole been together for
Awe she's adorable💙she's a double of casey💛you are such good parents xx also hope u had a good bday❤❤😙
Hope you had a brill birthday Nicole
Nicoles should do a birthday haul on her channel
Happy birthday ni!! Hope you had a lovely day! ❤️❤️
Do another draw my life now you have go harlow
Happy birthday Nicole hope you had a good one
9 on trending guys! Happy birthday Nicole, love you all. been a fan all the way
Happy birthday ni💓💓 I bet Harlow wishes u a happy birthday aswell💕 hope you Casey and Harlow all enjoyed ur special day
Fuming can’t see her presents in this 😭😭
When your few month older than ni but you look so much younger than her gotta love baby face xx
#15 ON TRENDING WOOOO💖💖💖
Happy birthday great day
Where is Nicole from originally?
What’s ni YouTube channel name
If you don't mind me asking, where was Harlow while you were at Scream park? X
Why are people complaining that its trending??? No one forced you to watch the video 😂
I am loving LipSense on you!! I knew you would totally rock it. You're also SO brave to do it on camera the first time! It can be a little tricky when you start, but you make it look easy. 😉 Thanks again, Michelle! My Free shipping on a Starter Kit offer still stands for anyone joining Phenomenal Pout from your channel! Have a great start to your week. 😚
Sephora has a liquid green color corrector thing! My face is also really red, and I use that! It's Sephora brand, so it's pretty easy to find I think! It works really well for me and really makes a difference!
I also have a very watery eyes I gave up putting eyeliner. doens’t matter if I have a primer or not. Ugh!
It is possible to get rid of the redness  but it is something you have to go to the dermatologist
With the curling iron thing: MY HAIR FALLS OUT ALL THE TIME!!!
It's a big upgrade, but you can try Lancome double wear foundation (Department store) or something from Dermablend (at Ulta) and they should take care of the redness. =)
yes! i was also not allowed to wear a lot of make up and my first mascara was clear! Now that i'm older i am just now getting into it more but all through college i never really cared about make up and i never wore a lot. I also feel pretty grateful that i wasn't allowed to wear it because like you said i feel like it helped build up my confidence more. I
I loved this video! You looked amazing,I wish my hair could keep curls. I was just in Nebraska over the summer and it was very nice,I was in Omaha.
You just blew my mind with your age! You are so mature. I thought you would be older then me. I'm 24 and  don't have my life together at all!
It has been in the eighths,seventies and sixtheys in Ohio.
You did a wonderful job!
Michelle!! I did already comment on this but I am in Nebraska and would love to meet up with you guys if you're close to me! I teach 9th and 11th grade at a title 1 school in Omaha!
I live in Nebraska! Hope you have a great time when you visit!
If you are ever looking for a higher qaulity curling iron with several attachments, try Nume. I love mine and I bought mine years ago, still works great! They usually have promos on all the time
Loved the video!  You did amazing. One thing though, especially since you are oily, you should set with a powder.   I use airspun. You can get it at walmart, but I often choose it over my department store brands.
Since you have oily skin I recommend using a powder of some sort, you put it on all over your face (or under your eyes & extra oily spots) with a big fluffy brush to set your makeup. It also keeps your makeup from creasing and will stop the shine. I recommend the Maybelline fit me matte \nand poreless pressed powder or coty airspun translucent loose powder. Both are drug store and work really well! I will say though the coty airspun has a smell that kind of reminds me of a grandma, but I like it and it doesn’t bother me, also the loose powder will last a lot longer than the pressed one.
I love your videos! I watch when I'm getting ready in the morning. As a fellow teacher, I enjoy your positivity AND your realness!
you're a queen! keep being you! love your videos so much! -Maddie, high school senior
I LOVE this!  It is so real and very relatable.  I am dying with the eye liner.  I do the same thing when I screw it up and then just keep adding more and it turns out to be my whole eye.  I love it!  You are so real.  Keep being you!
NYX makes a full coverage green concealer that i use on my redness, and i feel you i've ALWAYS had redness on my face but this concealer is bomb and it's only $4.99 at ulta and on their website!
you are right don't listen to other people you look so pretty
I love your natural hair colour, especially when it is straight!!
A few tips (not that you're doing anything wrong, just if you're interested):\n\n1. For your eyebrows, you're doing a fine job! You could try the same product in a lighter color because that is generally more forgiving. Also, I might go a tiny bit lighter on the inner part, closest to your nose (the hairs there are usually more sparse there, so it looks more natural)\n2. For eye shadow, the general idea is to put a skin color all over the lid (up to your eyebrow). Then a little lower, above the crease, apply a slightly darker transition shade and blend. Then apply a darker shade in the crease and outer V. Do whatever color you want on the lid. That's it! But any colors/techniques work, whatever you like. I find the more important thing is finding good brushes (not expensive, just ones targeted to what you need). I use 2 small fluffy brushes (one to apply eye shadow and one to blend) and one really small brush for the more detailed crease/outer V work. I rarely wash my brushes either ;)\n3. Eyeliner is always hard! I find that the type of tip and the formula really matter. You have to experiment and find the one that works for you. I like a really thin line, so I like a really long and thin tip. You can also do a pencil eyeliner instead, which might work better for you if it feels more natural in your hand.\n4. All your face stuff is perfect!
I don't understand the bad eyebrows comments at all!  I've never really noticed your eyebrows beyond the point of Hey, look! She has eyebrows.  They seem normal to me.
Makeup may not be your thing but hair sure is! I can never curl your hair that well. I really enjoyed watching this video! Love you!
Hey Michelle. You should definitely try Avène Antirougeurs Jour - redness relief moisturising protecting cream. It’s a moisturiser with a sensitive skin in mind. Not sure of stockists for you as I’m in U.K. but definitely check it out because it has a slight green tinge to it, to combat the redness as well! \n\nAlso watch Lisa Eldridge tutorials - she has fantastic ones for redness solutions, easy tutorials, high-street (or drugstore in US) best brands. Definitely check her out :)
You have a beautiful heart beauty is on the inside not on the outside
You are probably dealing with rosecea. It cosmetics cc cream and bye bye readness would be excellent. The founder of the company has rosecea. You can buy it from Ulta  *they have a travel size by the check out or  Sephora.(get a sample, free)
That was fun! I think everything you did looks really nice! I agree that beauty youtubers make it look so easy! I also have eyebrow issues and am thinking about microblading. I use a clear primer on my brows, then pencil, then a pomade type thing like you and gel. I'd recommend you also use eye primer under your eyes and contour the sides of you nose.
Loooooove it!!!!  Now I need to look into lipsense. Seriously, even the all day lipsticks don't work for me. 😨. You look lovely!!!
You look better in the first picture...seriously
This is litterally me everyday! I am so lazy i dont straighten my hair any more. Thankfully I have naturally curly hair so its not that big of a deal. Then Im like oh i am totally gonna get up and look cute. NOPE! On the days that I dont have to be in a class aka tuesday thursday I am on campus and just throw on leggings a hoody and a hat. Mama aint about that life if she doesnt have to be
L’Oréal infallible pro matte foundation is the best drugstore foundation for oily skin! It’s my favorite!
Try Elf brow pencils! They are $2.00 at my Walmart and do wonders!!!
Thank you , Michelle for everything you do! You have inspired me beyond belief! I'm so thankful I came across your channel months ago!
my parents were the same. I didn't wear makeup until senior year of high school and it was a small quad from avon
As for your hair, try a red, not red red but like with gold highlights.
OK, so that  comment by 'StoryKid' was actually by me, Judi Brown..Storykid is my son, and he hadn't logged out! Sorry...
Watching this while getting ready for my field placement this morning!
I'm mad at myself for watching both your videos today because now I have to wait for more :P I have hooded eyes too and i find if I do my foundation last i can pull my eye down properly and rest my hand on my face to do my liner more precisely. I'm definitely not an expert though :P
I'm that girl who has here eyebrows snatched and have highlight and blush on, and curled lashes but has no foundation or any skin product, not even moisturiser, only because I don't like face products, and like everything else. And I don't wear mascara cause I wear glasses. 😂 also, I do eyeshadow & liner only when I feel like it. Maybe if you mixed ur foundation you could get a good shade? Remember to always dab with your sponge, instead of rubbing or hitting your face too fast, cause that won't blend the makeup well, and would give you wrinkles faster!! 😜 laughing real hard because you didn't blend your concealer on your Cupid's bow. Try to tap away excess powder instead of blowing because that gives it more germs which isn't good for your skin. And be more gentle when putting on your eyeshadow!! If you think your eyeliner is wobbly, put your pinky against your face to give more stability, and rest your elbow on a table.
Michelle!! It’s really important for you to clean your brushes and sponges, wet beauty sponges absorb more bacteria and it means more acne :( I used to hate doing it and would put it off all the time but dawn dish soap and virgin olive oil mixed together makes an amazing and easy cleanser! Even if you do it like once a week it helps!! Hopefully you try it out! I loved this video and your vlogs! Love ya!!
I'm not even gonna talk you through it, 'cause I don't know what I'm doing 😂 same girl! Hahaha, but you always look gorgeous and I loved seeing your routine! :)
Michelle you do you, it takes practice like everything else 👍
You're so real, I love it😙💖
For redness I use the green smashbox primer. It’s fantastic! Just be careful about it actually making your face have a green tint.
Michelle you should use the LA girls color correctors they work amazing
I really enjoyed watching this! I have a really red face, and what I do is color correct in those areas first, then I put concealer over the entire red area, then I do my foundation and that usually does the trick. As far as the eyeshadow goes, I find that the shadows blend easier when you hold the brush towards the opposite end, further from your face.
My favorite part was I'm not even going to talk you through what I'm doing, because I don't know what I'm doing 😂 I love your videos!! As long as you feel good in your makeup that's what counts!
I would just like to say that I have recently bought hair extensions from Bellami and they are amazing! I have never tried to buy any of there curling irons. But I think you may have just had one bad experience from them. Because I have never had a bad customer experience with them. I think if you were to buy the hair extensions you would love them!
You look beautiful, I'm not big make-up person, I just do what i like and what makes my little heart happy. It doesn't make what people think about my look.
Yay! Loved this! Have you thought about using black pencil liner and smudging it? It's easier and lasts just as long. I think it looks more natural too 🙂just a suggestion because I hate how long marker takes and then it never looks perfect lmao 😜
girl you need to AT bellami on instagram....they'll change their mind HAHA
I have long thick hair and the way I curl my hair is I put it up in a high ponytail and curl it in the pony tail and it cuts down half the time!! Btw I absolutely love your channel!!!!
Remember, your eyebrows are sisters, not twins. 😉
You have gorgeous hair.  I love your videos.  You are such a breathe of fresh air.  I love your frankness, and how honest you are.  :0)
Try setting your  foundation with translucent powder before you contour. It will help it go on smoother :) love your vids!
You look so good without makeup and hair done!!! Love your videos keep up the good work!
Michelle, I absolutely loved this video!! You are so sweet and so funny. Girl, you do your make-up however you want!! You look great!! Thanks so much for sharing this. As for your weekly video, you do what works for you. I'll be watching no matter what day you post them.❤️
I also have natural red and pink tones to my skin, although they’re not as prominent as yours. You’re on the right track with the color corrector before your foundation, but I would seriously think about investing in fuller coverage foundation. If you’re not comfortable going somewhere like Sephora, Ulta or to a Clinique counter take a look at Boots Number 7 at Target. It’s around $20 a bottle & I personally use two different shades & combine them. So that makes it around $40. I know it seems expensive, but with as much money as you spend on your classroom I think it’s okay if you spend a little on yourself too.
L'Oréal infallible foundation is by far the best drug store foundation I have tried, and it covers my redness! They have a matte version and a pro glow version for dry skin! You might like that and it last all day long! It's great!
Kenra products have a blow dry spray that helps cut dry time and smells amazing. It is a must for busy people!
The make up counter will teach you how to do your eye makeup. Patting the shadow on won't hurt as much as the swirling technique and it is easier to control where you put it. That's how I learned to do my makeup. Love your videos and thanks for posting this!
i like these kinds of videos
Clinique has a great line called redness solutions that I use for my skincare... I use the it cosmetics cc cream.... I feel the exact same way as you when it comes to makeup! Not my thing at all!
Hi Michelle! Our personalities are very similar :) I'm turning 24 in December!
You crack me up! I don't really care..... really.... I don't really care! You are a good egg! Loved the video!
I normally never comment on YouTube videos, but I LOVE that Nebraska is your guys' meeting spot so I had to say something since I am from there! I started watching your videos a few months ago because your class last year reminded so much of my class, and it was nice to know I wasn't alone. I am 24 years old and a 4th grade teacher in Omaha! I'm assuming you're staying in Omaha, so I would definitely recommend visiting the Old Market area downtown (great for dinner, drinks, & shopping) and the zoo - the zoo is a MUST see! You'll also enjoy how small and easy to navigate our airport is :) For other shopping, Village Pointe and Nebraska Crossing Outlets are great outdoor shopping areas, but they are a longer drive. If you end up in Lincoln, the Haymarket is a great spot! HAVE FUN in my state - Go Big Red! :)
ELF makes some of my favorite eye shadows. Expensive doesn't always mean good!
Wow you're on trending! That's amazing! I just wanted to comment on the eyeliner....I think you're doing so well considering you said you haven't worn makeup a lot in the past! Eyeliner really does just take practice...but it's also about finding the right products:) I hate gel eyeliner!! When I wing out my eyeliner, I use a slanted tip brush and I rub it on a pencil eyeliner brush and then I go over it in liquid eyeliner. Just my thoughts! Love your makeup!
“I’m not gonna talk you through what I’m doing because I don’t know what I’m doing” 😂😂
Tips that have helped me: \nWhen you’re doing your eyeshadow, use a blending brush and go in tiny circular motions and use a tiny bit of color at a time and just build up to how dark you’d like it to be. Using a darker color for your crease and putting it a little higher than normal will make your eyes look bigger, I’ve seen a few people on here say that! \nAlso, when you’re contouring on your cheeks, bring the brush UP with each stroke, and when you’re contouring on your head, bring the brush DOWN with each stroke. I’m not sure how much of a difference these little things make, but experimenting is always helpful 😊 your make up always looks really good and you look great without it too.
I didnt even realize how long it was i just watched all of it
I love your videos but just a tip apply your foundation with your beauty blender and not your fingers just to prevent breakouts
This is one of the funniest video ever😂 You are so real, genuine and dont care! Love it!!  Your makeup came out great 😊 So pretty. That Marc Jacob mascara is high end. Good drugstore makeup is as good sometimes even better. \nOn another, Im so glad to have found your channel, Im a preK teacher but you have helped tremendously. Thank you so much! You are such a good teacher, the kids are very lucky to have you xo.
I loved this video! You look absolutely beautiful! I had been waiting for a video like this from you! Keep them coming, you did great! & girl, as a fellow teacher I am in awe on how you do your makeup and hair for work! I only do my hair on school picture day ;) lol! You are seriously awesome! XOXO
Monday and pocket full of Primary! SCORE!
No! I love the blondeeeee!
Thanks for sharing!!!  Enjoyed your video.
For your redness, try the IT Cosmetics ByeBye Redness. I have rosacea and it worked great to cover my redness. Unfortunately, I also have very sensitive skin and had a reaction to the cream. I haven't found anything that worked as well. If you are worried about your eyebrows, you could always try getting them threaded or waxed to give them a more similar shape. Otherwise, I would  use a lighter color in your brows to fill them without looking harsh. That what I have to do with my brows. They don't look like they belong on the same face..lol . I think your makeup looks fine anyway...people just always have things to critique about.
Literally me😂😂 i don’t know how to do makeup, i just go to the drug store and buy my shade in whatever brand is cheapest and put it on my face!
You look great! When people criticize others they are just seeing flaws in themselves they want to fix!
Did you contact the better business bureau?
DO A SKIN CARE ROUTINE!!!!!!
I'm a 24 year old Teacher Candidate from Ontario Canada! So wild that you have been teaching for three years already!
Michelle, you need to know that you are as beautiful on the outside as you are inside!  You are naturally beautiful, with or without makeup.  When you do wear makeup, you do a fantastic job.  For someone who hasn't been using makeup for very long, you apply everything really well.  You are very brave going from absolutely no hair done and no makeup to a full process.  This comes from someone who's been using makeup and hair products for over 30 years!  And I still don't know how it's going to turn out from day to day!  By the way, my eyes water in the morning too, so eyeliner is hard, hit and miss I guess.  Don't worry about your eyebrows, you can't tell that they don't perfectly match (I wouldn't have known until you told me, lol).  Just be confident in what you're doing, it's OK.  I really enjoy your videos,  they're fascinating and full of lots of great ideas - keep it up!!  ... coming from the land down under ... xx
The Urban Decay Naked Skin color correcting concealer in the green shade is the best green concealer I have tried! It is pricey but totally worth it to me. I tried the NYX one because I read online it was a dupe for the Urban Decay one, but it doesn't blend out as well and the consistency is completely different.
You were blessed with such beautiful hair! So jealous! 😭
Another great video!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Watched it at 5:51 a.m.
You deserve 1000000000000000 million subscribers❤️
Beautiful!
You look so lovely!!!
LOL Michelle!  You are hilarious!
I feel your eyebrow pain
I loved it. Felt like we were just hanging out. I think allowing yourself more time to get the videos is posted is a great idea. You shouldn't have to stress and rush and stay up late on Friday trying to get the videos done.
Girl! My skin is almost as red as yours naturally and I've found that the Timewise miracle set by Mary Kay took the redness out no joke! I just became a consultant and received it in my starter Kit and it's amazing! Everyone's skin is different but if you want to give it a go checkout my site www.marykay.com/kristencates
I love how you are saying you don’t know about makeup but you are a total pro! Microblading should be your last resort. Try growing them out(this will take months). I suggest castor oil for regrowing. That and patience will completely change them! Eyebrows would frame your beautiful face.
Unfortunately, you can't donate hair if it has bleach in it:/ but anyways I just wanted to say that I really enjoy your content! I'm not a teacher but we're the same age and you just have really good energy and your videos always put me in a good mood! 😊 keep it up!
No I’d never put alcohol on my lips lol. Long staying lips are drying enough xD try the kat von d lips. Holy graillll
You should get Sylvia Gani for your next Get together on your beauty tour
You guys are like TWINS!!!
Aaaah I hate when people get veneers on their top teeth and don’t spring the cash for the bottom!!! You have pure white top teeth, and normal bottom teeth! It’s so obvious! Tati’s teeth are the same. Drives me nuts!
hahahahaha! omg i can't help laughing. she look so cute
While you're down in the land of beautiful people you gotta do a collab with Shane Dawson
Got overly giddy when she had an OG Mandy Moore song!! :)
I have no idea who that girl is but the lip fillers she has makes her lips look awful. She's so pretty.. like why? Her top lip almost touches her nose
Omg plz paint my nails we can calab I also live in canada
Seriously the best makeup tutorial ever!
Go with James Charles or Patrickstar
Ok literally the what do you think part is my actual FAVORITE!
instead of doing the using kids makeup only challenge, you should do the using kids nail polish only challenge!
tell ben to shut the fuck up from a girl named Sarah Bade (BODY)
Before makeup: Cristines so beautiful! After makeup: AHHH A HORRIFYING MONSTER!\nIts supposed to be a joke.
Why are her lips lookin so fake !  I know there not 👎👎👎🌮🌮🌮
Wait, did you really think this was a nail art video? well your wrong. Never judge a book by its cover.
—> https://youtu.be/S1LsZ8HuOq4 Aquarium nails you should try to do it 😤👌✨
My mom is SO pale... she literally looks like paper, but my dad is naturally tanner so my mom has the same tone as Cristine and my dad is Nicol.... if you mixed Nicol and Cristine together THATS ME... I’m this weird coffee with a lot of creamer color
cristine should check out the love yourself album coz the words ARE HOLO\n\n\n\n\nand they sell it in Canada's Walmart
I feel like these two had a really adorable chemistry :)
HEY! Cristine! Have you seen the new lip stains that shift to glitter(?) I tried it and it acctually works!!! You should review it. I'd love to hear your opinion on it. (If this comments doesn't get lost in the sea of other comments >_<)
and you look back at me and suddenly I’m HELPLESS!\n\n\n\nok I’ll stop now
The moto for this chanel \nCome for the nails\nStay for Cristine... we love u...
Me- what are you doing tonight\nFriend- studying, what are you Doing\nMe- watching simplynailogical and eating chips😂
Cristine I love you but when you do make up its soooooo cringy and when you do the montage ughghhhhhh cringyyyyyyy
I've never seen her before
oh my did she put the PINK COW on her face
8:35 The date Was my dads birthday XD
You should see Jeffery star to teach you how to do makeup
You look so good u looked like a moldy potato before 😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣🤣
Could you send me some makeup??? Hopping you will be funny and message me about my address and what u want and then you will send me some stuff and then I'll be happy😏 just a suggestion
💿     💿     💿💿       💿               💿💿\n💿     💿  💿        💿  💿            💿      💿\n💿💿💿  💿        💿  💿            💿       💿\n💿     💿  💿        💿   💿            💿      💿\n💿     💿      💿💿       💿💿💿    💿💿      \n\n\n💿💿💿   💿💿💿       💿💿💿💿\n      💿             💿      📞 💿\n      💿             💿             💿💿💿💿\n      💿             💿                              💿\n💿💿💿        💿              💿💿💿💿\n\n\n💿           💿   💿💿💿\n💿💿 💿💿  💿\n💿   💿  💿    💿💿💿\n💿           💿   💿\n💿           💿   💿💿💿\n\n\n( for phones or other devices it says Holo its me ;) )
Did you see Tati's new video on HOLO Eyetopper?! What?!
You cannot explain makeup to cristine with makeup terms you need nail terms lol ( srry if i spell your name wrong)
I saw the word ''helpless I started singing the song helpless....\n\nI'm a worthless Hamilton potato •–•
I HAVE A CHALLANGE FOR YALL!!!!!!!!!! GO TO GOOGLE IMAGES AND GOOGLE SUMINAGASHI!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Christine looks like a vampire compared to her lol
How did you  and  Ben  fall  in  love    💏😊😇
Make a holo slime!!!!!!
I'll miss her shitty contour 😂😂
Nicole has such a satisfying laugh.
This is funny
MAC HAS HOLO GLITTER!!! REAL HOLO MAKEUP!
Shit! Didnt know you had to blend UPWARDS. Im shook
5:19 PEWDIEPIE VOICE lolololol
BLENDY BLENDY WENDY!
Holoweenie
yaaaaas
Cristine is my spirit animal.  😂😂.
Christine no swiping \n\n*dora reference*
CRISTINE I DIDNT KNOW ABOUT BLENDING UP I SUCK JUST AS HARD AS YOU AT MAKEUP
Nicols lips are killing me, im sorry but they look like a fuckin beak
Who else thought of Matthias when she said I'm dead inside
Ewww why does the girl with blue hair look like she got plastic jaw surgery you can see the bones sticking out 6:57 I'm telling y'all that ain't normal.. that top lip... omg...... plastic is not good........ no
They literally became best friends 🌸
My face turned white when I didn't find my contour brush. Because I didn't know how to contour like Cristine.
Almost 10M :) PLEASE SUB TO CHRISTINE AND MAKE IT HAPPEN DIAMOND 💎 PLAY BUTTON!!!💕💿💅💁
Do a tour stop with James Charles! Let him teach you how to do a cut crease!! Anyone else agree??
You should check out BTS 'Love Yourself' Album, IT HAS HOLO ON IT
Nail polish top coat (toco) nail vinito etc and wear it on you face 😂😂❤️❤️💖💖 that is a video idea
I DARE you to do Aquarium NAILS!!
Hey Christine...\nI used you as my favourite celebrity for an English project turns out there are more holosexuals in my form than I thought 😀
You guys should be best friends
Oh my god I don't know who she is but I love them both together so much...
At 4:49 I’m shocked... and disappointed... what do ya think...SHE DIDNT PUT THE EDIT IN!!!!
You are beautiful person!!!!
How is the song of the mandatory narcissistic montage called?
She's a white potato with orange from the out side
Christine can you try to attempt this? https://youtu.be/lrk4zuLOVx8
What do you think? I think you're beautiful!
Guys I know where you get a Ben!  U can get him at target
It's true I look like a dirty potato - Cristene 2017
You should see the other guy...the other guy's a desk  lmfao
Please do a collab with glam and gore.
Do a video of cleaning your desk where you paint your nails+ put on your first nail polish coat.(Has to be holographic).
i cant watch this much longer nicols face is just grossing me out. looking like the Simpsons  top lip
Nicol's foundation is to dark for he face (just saying)
What do you think??\n\n\n\nWhat what what do do do you you you think think think?!?!
What's the lump on her jaw?
I LUV HER HAIR
I NEEEEEED YOU WITH JEFFREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
you could cut lemons with those jawlines DAMN!
https://youtu.be/7Ph9ixtmy3Y 😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
Christineee do bat naillss https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1TQmMA8pp0
That jawline thoooo
holy crap look at her freaking lips. terrible
Yaaaaas snatched for the gods! 😁😍
Omg cristine i found these really cool contacts https://youtu.be/gn1mM4IKTdI
WHY IS IT SO ORANGE
Do Holoween nails pls like if you agree
CRISTINE GET WITH THE TRENDS YOU NEED TO DO AQUARIUM NAILS plz
super fun !!!!! i luv ur beauty vids they crack me up :) and u did do a good job!
Every time you hear an elevator beep in her Snapchat’s, take a shot ;))
TRY TOO PUT CHROME ON YOUR NAILS WITH YOUR FINGERS
Please I want a What do you  think remix😱
She knows!
9:32 😂😂
(Hi can you diy holo bubble bath)
why do i love this crusty musty pasty canadian moose hoe so fucking much
I don't really like you but your really funny
for your information  Jimmy my wife has family in Puerto Rico  ok she's  helping  and  praying  helps them too I have faith in my king in heaven.
I am not Puerto Rican but regardless this video has really touched me. So happy to see latinos come together to help PR! Inspirational <3
My mom and i are Puerto Rican and my mother has raised over more than 5,000 dollars to help Puerto Rico in the small villages so if you can please find a way to donate, even 20 dollars help thank you all:)
👍
Camila 😍
Jennifer and Camila😍
What’s so good about PR anyways
This is amazing! I wish I could understand what they are saying tho...I hope someone would translate this so I can appreciate it more! ^^
He really should have had someone else do that opening and chorus lol he sounded horrible
All I thought about was Hamilton...I have a problem
Was waiting for Residente!
I got mine The first night it came available on ITunes
I wish I could contribute more. I am so angered our president and the ignorance he has for fellow Americans. I love, pray and support my fellow Americans. No matter the skin color. Religious affiliation, political affiliation, or anything else. We are humans and need to support our selves and our planet.  I'm prYing for you all.  Love and hugs.
What about Haiti, where's the money!? its been over 6 yrs now!!!!
I love this song
this would have been a masterpiece if it'd included Residenteeeee, still good af though
Guys his name is Linda Miranda
Only 2.6 million views? I thought I watched this more than that!
Who would ever give this a thumbs down!!!
My face when I saw Gina was PRICELESS. I am so happy she was part of this, Pray for Puerto Rico!!💓
Would love an English translation
Why does he sound like kermit the frog when he says almost like praying??
Wow! (That WAS Rita Moreno, right? ;D)
So glad yall did a tribute for puerto rico 💜💜💜🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
I’m sorry for all my peoples in Puerto Rico. Going threw this has to be horrible. I hope every body makes it threw this. And to my family Nieves’ and Acevedo and Torres I love u all
Who should've been president : Lin Manuel Miranda
I love this song and Pray for Puerto Rico🙏🏽
Love all there voice 👌👌
Love this song so much💖💖💖
It’s all most like praying! 😭 \n\n\n#PrayforPuetorico
Beautiful and well done.
Lin is a cinnamon roll
Puerto Rico se levanta mi heart in Puerto Rico my sister my grandmother my niece my family ❤️❤️❤️ Loiza 🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
Theyre listing out a bunch of towns in Puerto Rico for those who arent fluent in spanish
Love this!!!!!!!! This makes me smile :))
Legendary, iconic people all in one song to help for a great cause, for not mine, but our island 🙏🏽🇵🇷
Where were the prayers before the storm, all the debt the people had!\nPlease, using a disaster for political points!! Smh!
1:40 omg I love how she sounds
Actually, this is an amazing song and it came out when Puerto Ricans needed that hope.  Thank you all!
Why do I love this so much!!!?!?!?!
mi encanta Puerto Rico this vid made me cry
🔥🔥I record music with my xbox🎮 headset, and a decent laptop. I would appreciate it if you could give any of my tracks a listen, and leave some feedback in the comments. All feedback is appreciated, negative and positive.🔥🔥 I have a song for my hispanic brothers and sisters coming very soon.
IS THAT ANTHONY RAMOS
now THIS is what im talkin bout.
Hopefully when PR is back on its feet they'll have this lovely song about them to listen to x
The warm, loving and resilient people of Puerto Rico are what set this Island apart. They will rebuild.
Lin created a beautiful thing
Puerto  Ricans are American too
You better stop yelling Maria.
love and prayers out to Puerto Rico from the Hawaiian islands..
Love all the singers and good bles portirico
i listened to this in spanish class because my teacher is from puerto rico
Love this song!  Can't get the Lyrics out of my head.  I want to hear it all the time!  Lin your a genius, this was so fast, congratulations!  Thank the Lord for you are a blessing to all of us especially Puerto Rican American!  If we all buy this one song it will have a great impact on how much funds Puerto Rico will receive.  Lets sing ourselves to recovery.  Great way to contribute!  Thanks Lin!
Omg is that Anthony Ramos? \n\n\nI promise, I'll add you to my prayers, Puerto Rico 🙏
Chills every time. Very beautiful, thank you so much for coming together for Puerto Rico and doing so much good for the island.
So I've had this song on repeat for days, learning it and of course supporting Puerto Rico through the streaming and I think I figured out why this song is so awesome. I mean aside from having all this talent behind it...Lin Manuel-Miranda basically wrote a Sondheim style song. The lyrics are just basically the towns/cities in Puerto Rico but the order in which they are done is an astounding lyrical tongue twister. The sampling from West Side Story is obviously a nod to Sondheim but the rest of the song is done as if Lin was trying to keep the Sondheim theme heavy in the rest of it as well. <3 He did it perfectly and some parts of this song I am determined to learn how to sing just because of how my tongue keeps getting twisted as I try.
I'm Mexican and I'll say Puerto Ricans are some of the most talented people on the planet!
I don't even know why I teared up! I've bought the song and looking for other ways to donate to PR and to the island nations affected. <3
Nothing but pure LOVE right there! Que Dios bendiga a mi isla preciosa! #PuertRicoStrong
ANTHONY RAMOSSSSSSS😍😍😍
https://youtu.be/jYIkYtPCqWs
Mi bella isla <3
Love
Featuring Sandra Prescott , Kimberly O'Brien , Sophia Newell , Lillian Edwards , Elizabeth O'Keely , Anna Harrison , Alexandra McMurty , Charlotte Kipling , Phoebe Rogers , Carly Frazier , Megan Sandford , Josephine Bonnard , Natalie Danton , Cassidy Chaparro , Willa Hemingway , Eva Edwardo , Annabelle Faulkner , Hilary Javaris , Mandy Hankeem , Henrietta Arabell  , Lydia Durwood  , Rachael Sladkey , Angelica Dobrimire , Sylvia Lorenzo , Molly MacLaine , Veronica Conrad , Katarina Carmine , Hanna Mikhail , Nora Slavek , Margaret Peggy Mariposa , Madeline Parvel , Natasha Grigori , Kiera Askel , Briget Tito , Annika Lochlain , Tiffany Lancaster , Emily Ioannis , Alicia Campton , Isabel Travis , Lisa Varniman , Leah Sheldon , Victoria Biven , Barbara Lincolnheimer , Abigail Hendrikson , Taylor Knutt , Jennifer Matts , Elena Soledad , Lindsay Vladja , Kelly Boleslaw , Laura Williams , Patricia Charlston , Ingrid Anton , Tatiana Sergei , Karolina Wojtek , Judith Elepidea , Eliza Ferris , Donna Alessandro , Calista Sanders , Jasmyn Smith , Madison Guadelupe , Heidi Gundrun , Esmee Maxime , Cynthia Clive , Laila Kareem , Tisalina Tisie Addae , Magdalane Salahe , Emmaline Questyn , Hazel Kyan , Loretta Hamif , Payton Halliwell , Cordelia Zethus , Samantha Kellan , Hannah MacIntyre , Lily Deagan , Xia Yu Li , Nina Damarcus , Polly Wingate , Arden Fields , Katharine Katie Myers , Stacy Smith , Carla Greer , Corinne Pfeiffer , Sydney Chatwin , Alison Hendrik , Violet Christman , Vanessa Hidalgo , Penelope White , Pearl Hakon , Natalya Brecht  , Ida Willhelm , Cathryn Gilmer , Carolyn French , Gail Ervin  , Ramona Galbraith , Leila Rahil , Linda Grandas , Dahlia Kismet , Cynthia Gaenor , Sophie Dildier , Stephanie Hardwood , Phyliss Basset , Regina Brown , Beth Anskel , Juliet Danaus , Olivia Palemon , Hannah Diotima , Gladys Etaney , Eloise Digette , Lorelei Green , Tessa Eldon , Wanda Brencis , Louisa-Mae Kaufman , Georgia Heller , Cecilia Uchechi , Kathleen Jenci , Nelly Altmann , Janice Farmer , Rita Smith , Hope Sudbury  , Imogen Muldoon , Catharine Otaki , Ruth Harrel , Mable Hendrikson , Jessica Cladwell , Hellen Markell , Florence Tyman , Eleanor Kacey , Maya Damon  , Zoe Ysolde , Lena Violanth , Chloe Zalika , Delilah Pickford , April Leland , Monica Jonley , Ivy Aymas , Aileen Dickinson , Nancy Trenica , Myrna Parryth , May Lathrop , Libby Kyros , Jenny McGowan , Dina Reynolds , Antionette Vyera , Allegra Hampton , Bertha Glennon , Peony Galmut , Rebecca Pacian , Amanda Finley , Claire Derwin , April Li , Brenda Codwell , Jill Valen , Gloria Brooke , Janet Moss , Eve Wilmot , Anne Ethelbert , Ethel Beaumont , Maria Semele , Paula Cathmoore , Stacy Connor , Loretta Hamoth , Paige Teo , Celia Janusa , Agnes Priti , Lucy Layings , Dorothy Pender , Fiona Odeen , Monica Heshire , Misha Cadbee , Emma Rodgers  , Sierra Kalgan , Alexis Garton , Hayley McFaybryce  , Piper Boswell , Kate Hanford , Lena Crompton , Sara Earvin , Ebba Adonijah , Flora Belden , Betty Charlston , Emily Robertson , Tracy Calek , Alexandria Wilming , Xia-Tu Zhong , Diane Fremont , Mary Altre , Pamela Amund , Ruby Netzer , Brittany Leonard , Sophie Orth , Miranda Kaven , Yvette Chanoch , Moira Emerson , Rhoda Hunt , Cathy Armithan , Raven McGregor , Lisa Takayren , Abigail Henson , Meghan Castulo , Kayley Macdowell , Heather Odhran , Michelle Ginton , Susan Ingleberte , Melissa Kyler , Mary Royden , Sarah Stillman , Amber Walter-Lawrence , Amanda Gasspardde , Alexis Brewsterr , Grace Cudjo , Melissa Gaius , Bess Kytzer , Delilah Landis , Alyssa Maxwell-Bodes  , Haleigh Severn , Delores Whites , Malia Sandhurst , Katarina Balraj , Savannah Jenkins , Mandy Tyrell , Mary Joaquin , Linda Sullivan , Patricia Codgell , Susan Akwete , Deborah Tapice , Barbara Lane , Karen Baldridge , Nancy Broughton , Donna Thandiwey , Cynthia Brooks , Pamela Izaak , Paloma Kerr , Sydda Zaltana , Emmie TeQuarius , Kathleen Boden , Kimberly Ozelle , Michelle Dabney , Tammy Eldon-Lee , Laura Thorburnt , Jeniffer Jindrich , Melissa Geary , Amy Lawton , Lisa Murray , Angela McLean , Heather Gockley , Stephanie Hilderbrand , Jessica Ilom , Elizabeth Ludolph , Nicole Freemont , Rebekkah Loman , Amanda Tippette , Ashley Dalton , Tiffany Zoltan , Rachael Landyre , Samantha Frode , Brittany Heschell , Kayla Nash , Madison Belle , Abigail Kayven , Isabella Prestlay , Alexis Koshey , Sophia Westolle , Betty Gerhard , Carla Arturian , Delores Gino , Frances Witold , Judy Folker , Nina Clements , Nadia Dawud , Priscilla Ainslley , Stacey Farris , Veronica Anzlem , Wanda Zbigniew , Elise Hyatt , Gail Burrick , Brooke Padden , Anna Kaughmann , Stacey Thompson , Elaine Kaemon , Ella Garthay-Davis , Linnea Gilette , Rita Brown , Phyllis Millam , Hildergard Hildy White , Suzanne Orris , Stephanie Sostrange , Sydonie West , Eliza Wood , Tara Smith , Sofia Ginsley , Marcie Okath , Desiree Jones , Elaine O'Caley , Caroline Rhys , Abigail Kraig , Bertha Haafiz , Carolyne Brette , Doris Noor , Ellie Matlandde , Fuschia Yurik , Gretta Mitchum , Heloise Grace , Inez Juanantonio , Jessica Hall , Kaitlyn Reith , Lymeka Kedem , Madeleine Galloway , Noa Shnyer , Opal Tsaline , Penelope Stillmann , Qitarah McCovven , Rachael Osborne , Sarah Langford , Tatanya Birkley , Una Covet , Vivica Eaton , Wendy Yeslin , Xena Williams , Yvette Jean-Coll , Zoë Martin , Bridget Nelson , Camille Haines , Denice Wllies , Emma MacDowell , Flora Barnett-Giles , Grace Yon , Hildergard Balendin , Ilay Haute , Jenna Eldwood , Kasey Therman , Lia Belmount , Mina Irodell , Nancy Deinorus , Ophelia Jaggar , Prudence Rymann , Queenie Thorne , Rita Wilder , Stefany Pickford , Tiffany Witter , Ursla Njørd , Vera Esmond , Willa Smedly , Xanthe Lenard , Yolanda Tyson , Zora Leric , Anika Lavan , Lisa Kerrick , Stephanie Maddar , Harper Stronum , Lily Tack , Delondra O'neil , Fira Nilson , Tina Sawyer , Eritaña L'avi , LuLu McElhanny , Enya d'Andous , Chloe Edqist , Zoe Krause , Ella VanDelori , Gabrielle deAugmann , Kathleen Albertine , Veronica Austin-Gabri , Kendall-Lee Rice , Sophia Mack , Louisa Gertstein , Freyja Gibbons , Kelsey Loch-Heimen , Emmilynn Triss , Lola Lansky , Sara Selipsky , Katie Noon , Paizley Wille , Piper Lapsley , Abby Fith , Sonja Rapture , Cicily Green , Anna Allard , Dora Tann , Sylvie Sonolie , Bella Farhann , Emily Wentte , Anneka Farscal , Sarah Liite , Aude VanTrausselstaufe , Kyla Crouch , Zoe Steinberg , Dani Larutan , Lauren Roval , Silver Eulgra , Eugenia Conn , Adele Dessin , Agnes Etienne , Annie Brown , Bernadette Gauthier , Cecile VanTrop , Julie Pffiefer , Estelle Olsen , Diane Koffy , Lisette DeWitt , Giselle Andal , Louise Thierry , Monique Calde , Pauline Otomo , Sara Kazersky , Suzanne Reynelle , Sylvie Fisher , Genevieve Mathieu , Marie Goldstein , Maria Staren , Jaquelyn Franks , Mirielle Rousseau , Veronica Gerard-VanAusselstaute , Nicole Avery , Melinda Kiss
❤️❤️❤️❤️ praying for Puerto Rico
calo frios !!
🙏 Puerto Rico.
Must see https://youtu.be/ZHQqSbvSAcs
CHILLS THE WHOLE TIME !! AMAZING
And Mexico?
Residente?
Mi hermosisima camila
I love it !
Fabulous.
Admito que llegue por Camila Cabello :'v
We will prevail!!!
TAKE THAT TRUMP !!!!!!! HA
Wow
yo soy Puerto Rico
Praise Lin! Praise Lin!
Second
MASTERPIECE!!!
Que Viva Puerto Rico : Pray for PR.
Cual es tu Pueblo?\nCabo Rojo!
Hola a todos, hey guys, acabo de hacer un video reacción i just made a video reaction sobre esta canción como orgulloso puertorriqueño about this song as a proud Puertorrican the link is down below el enlace está abajo feel free to watch it and comment si no es mucho pedir pueden ir a verlo y dejar un comentario. \n\nHere's the link https://youtu.be/MibXSMDWGdI\n\nAquí el link https://youtu.be/MibXSMDWGdI
PUERTO RICO SE VA A LENTAR!!!! 🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷❤️❤️❤️❤️
Mencionan  todos los pueblos y cual es el mensaje ????
Mirate, Bayamon! Mucho amor para mis familias y profesores en San Juan y Ft. Buchanan.
So dios quiere PR Va a quedar mejor q nunca
estoy llorando, esta canción es una belleza, mucho amor a mis amigos en Puerto Rico desde Colombia y Los Estados Unidos💕💕💕💕💕💕
So proud to be a puertorican\nPuerto Rico se levanta 🇵🇷
Yes, even though I only understood 1/4 of the song, I understood.
Respect from out a Jamaica love this 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I will definitely be buying this song ASAP. I am so glad to see the skill connections and talent of so many coming together to help fellow man. While I can’t do what these people did, I will do all I can.
is it me or its that an upside Christian cross represented on a Puerto Rico flag just asking cause if Puerto Rico is anti Christ then dont wonder why.
Bitcoin is your answer for recovery :)
Gives me chills and makes me so happy. I just wish my people could do the same for Mexico.
Beautiful, and so much talent in that room!  I hope they raise a billion $, and tell 45 to stuff it!
Thumbs up for anyone who is now going to buy the song or has already bought it
Para los de Puerto Rico: Alguien de ustedes an podido escuchar un coquí cantando en la noche?
Google search: WUMO SEO. They're the top rated Search engine optimization firm and ranked my website within just 60 days. If they cant rank your blog, the company give you100% refund policy. I just adore WUMO SEO.
Hi I love ur channel I even have ur app!
Omg I haven't been to your channel in years :0\nI watched these a lot when I was around 7-8, but now I've found them again~ can't wait to see more!
The part at 5:25 got me good! XD😂
Don't kill spiders ! It's bad ! Even if you're afraid of them (I have penis phobia, I don't kill them...).\n(Yes, I know : no spider was killed to make this film.)
Is și cute
Trending #27
Руссишь-языкишь - есть?
UTTERLY HORRIFYING!
Fen mail Pokemon
😍😘💕💞❤️👍👏👏👏
:-D
Ahaha très drôle j'ai adoré. Happy Halloween 💀👿 🎃
Perfeitooo
Muito fixe😉
Aw cmon they're just spiders lol
Fucking shit bitch
Move To Google And Type: *gamesecrxguide facebook* It is literally the purely working FB h@ck tool working these days. Just don't waste your entire precious time on some other specific tools
hopefully my cat dies
Simon has serious arachnophobia LOL
Funny. Lol as always.
Simon has spoken
Stupid Wilhelm scream...
Legal
That was pretty spooky. 0.0
3:35 wasted
2:18 - 2:23 was my favorite, bust-a-gut laughs
Delightful.
I love Simon the cat. And the spider was like what's going on with him , how funny.😂😂😂😆😄😄
Soooooooo cute
Okk
¡Hermoso!
Happy early Hallomew!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Love your vids
The cats hate me...
fantastic hahahaha cat monster uaaaaahh :P
Милота ;3
Adorable as always
Nice video
Why are these videos always trending?!
Lol...
Give us 5,000 subs.
3:32
I love these clips
For someone who is scared of spiders, he should have used that tea kettle more effectively. That was great!
Is that Ivan Dobsky's hopper?
It's just spiders.  They EAT other bugs.  Isn't that a good thing?
FEED ME. HAPPY HALLOWEEN in    3 weeks.
OH MY GOSH I FINALLY FOUND IT!Simons cat!!I remeber watching this when i was 6 years old!!!I loved watching this and i never forgot about it as soon as a watched a couple of these videos when i was little i started loving cats!!!Im so happy i found Simon's catChannel💖
What is Simon's cat's name?\nOr is it just Simon's cat?
omg i love this soo much 😁
4:02 Бля!
If this had color?😞
I love how cat is like I don't know then squishes the spider again
Soon as I see a large spider I would of pelted out the loft.. I hate large spiders.. Although I'm ok with little spiders
I hope Simon got a good insurrance for himself
LOL Love it! Thanks for all your hard work!
3:24 is so me, just with roaches rather than spiders. XD
236 people hate spiders. (I as well, but I gave it a like)
Someone's been watching Arachnophobia one too many times!!
i have a simple rule. nature stays outside the house. enter at your own peril.
These are still getting made
I love this series and I like cats 🐱 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻I subscribed thanks
Playing like a Mr Bean
Hey that sqee he was from my little pony
Somehow I'm addicted to this channel.
Big Like From SPIDERMAN . My channel has spiderman cartoon for kids . Please SUPPORT , If you like. Thanks beautiful people
THIS NEEDS TO BE ON TV! SUCH AMAZING :)
This is so cute!! Who dislikes this??? Seriously?? I don't understand the thumbs down.
Get a $100 Visa Gift Card! click below:\nhttps://cpbld.co/o/14988/214976?s1=
Thank You So Much for making these!!!!\nI'm sick in bed and this helped me keep my mind off my tummy problems.\nGod Bless$
Simply just Move to google and type: WUMO SEO. It is the most reliable Search engine optimization firm. If they cant rank your website or blog, these people ensure that you get100% money back guarantee. I just love WUMO SEO.
Muffet's just asking you to donate to her charity.
Help translate this video\n...very funny Youtube, very funny
I would have just let the cat stay up there till she had her fun. Then close it when she's asleep in another room.
I can't even think about what is like to be stuck in the attic with spiders... x_x
My third grade class loves Simon's Cat. This video had them falling out of their seats!!
My cats always try n run in attic when doors open. They think its a while new playgrounf for em
It's a dark creepy attic what do you expect it's going to have spiders but oh sure was funny
This is so funny
According to the dislikes, 207 people who watched this have the brain of a small fish.
I would like to see Simon's Cat draw one when a mouse gets into the house and he attempts to take it away. I have two indoor cats and at 4 am this morning they had caught one.  I had the garage door open this yesterday for a bit and since winter is on it's way one must have gotten in. After torturing the mouse almost to death, I put it outside to my cats dismay.
There's only one true way to be rid of spiders from your home. Burn it to the ground and then discard the ashes to space.
Best thing ever seen yet. 1:00 wants to play with the toy too. No  cat goes ohh...
Spiders don’t bother me but that cat is dead on lmao
This is sooo cute why isnt this channel bigger it deserves to be #1 on trending come on people lets make it happen
well done on getting the wilhelm scream in there
Too bad they don't have a 50/50 choice of like or dislike. I loved the very first one, that made me laugh! But I was not crazy about the other too. Just my opinion.
What do you use to animate
And there is nothing I can do when I realize with fright \nThat the Spiderman is having me for dinner tonight.
I love the noises the spiders in the attic make
The first one is literally me 😂😂
If i whip my dick out and scream virgin blood will that trend?
Last time I saw you, you had 300k...
I am scared of and hate spiders.
I love you simon's cat 💗💗💗
Hahahaha. My cat 🐈 ignores all spiders 🕷 in the whole house 😂😂
Simply Go to google and then type: WUMO SEO. They're the most effective Seo agency and ranked my website in just 8 weeks. They offer 100% refund guarantee. I vouch for them.
And I thought my animation was bad!
Watched this for Joanna. Rose is a great fighter, but we’re talking about the greatest female fighter of all time. Her game is unbelievably technical. Elite skill.
oh shit bisping taking shots at a boxing legend with a disease? thats low
George is going to destroy Bisping, he can’t stand  bullies and will never let them win
That bisping guy is a terrible conor-wannabe
Yeah... a sexy fucken lizard! 👅👅👅👅👅
Sleepy Sinead O'Connor
haha michael bisping is a chump. hes been fighting for how long and just won the title. haha really? and hes acting like hes all that. he's gonna get his ass whooped just like he did against dan henderson. lol
the trash talk is so cringe
The Michael Bisping Show...guy is a legend
Bisping trying to be the british McGregor too hard and GSP not getting the respect he deserves. Too many new ufc fans who dunno shit of what this guy achieved.
Bisping showing again how annoying he is. In case you forgot.\nHis GSP voice was funny though.
Shut that British Fucktard up GSP! what happened to respecting the legends? btw Bisping, you are not a legend in case you were wondering!
Thumbnail looks like Bisping vs Macklemore
Bisping - the worst person at trying to sell a fight, sorry but your just a jerk.
Never knew that girl from Stranger things took up MMA
LISPING TRYING TO LOOK AND BE LIKE THE NOTORIOUS... WHAT A FUCKIG POSER CHAMELEON PIECE OF SHIT
Heart is everything? it pumps blood, so is he saying that having a strong cardio respiratory system is important?
Michael Bisping didn't beat Anderson. He got lucky that Anderson thought Herb stopped the fight. Henderson smashed him up badly for a 46 year old, about to retire man. He's a weak champion.
Bisping's steroid accusation is so old.
Did she say I fucked there last year at 10:27 ? that's cool Joanna but we didn't need to know!
St. Pierre is a class act. The man pushes his chair under the table when he gets up. Can't help but respect the guy
TJ lookin like Slytherin Lannister
the blNk-fAcd, zN monk, obsSd shaOlN warEOr stAr- that's the 4rEl DL scArE✋️(Nd U L nO dM wL hU I'm talkEng aboOt☹️)
I love Rose but JJ takes this. Rose is still young, we’ve seen this many times. Experience wins over youth. But, Cody looked exceptional against an experienced fighter. However, JJ is still in her prime. \n\nBisping\nCody\nJJ
Was Freddie having a stroke or something at 22.03 ? :o
GSP For The Win
Bisping is a king
Heart and mind aren't disciplines in mma bisping... gsp answered that question with complete accuracy, you're just an average bloke 🖕🏼
these faggots booing Bisping, fckin wankers
'ARE YOU INTOXICAAATTED'😂
20:11
*Bisping ducking so hard. Fighting welterweights now.*
Btf Rose is beaten already mentally she knows whats coming
hes right,we will miss him,fucking hilarious
Mike bisping trying sound American
Bisping was on point in this presser.
why is there no water? that's weird.
Wear some nice colon Bisping, you're gonna get cup fucked for at least 20 minutes.
i honestly got pissed at michael for talkig smack against freddy roach. dude got no fucking respect. he'll definitely regret losing that title and yet again get his mouth shut the way hendo shut it. i totally loast all my respect to this guy.
Bisping: touch my belt it's nice huh\nGSP: I had 5 of those while you were getting knocked out in historic fashion by Dan henderson in my undercard.
LOL! The first guy in history GSP has outsmack-talked ... Bisping's 100 words per minute down the drain by one waterr iz wet, fiure burn an am gonna beat Migel Beezpeeng.
Bisping interviews are like looking at a wall
Only a complete knob would want Michael Bisping to win, I hope GSP drops this mofo
Michael Bisping is going to get fucked
Rose is gonna fuck up Joanna I see it in her eyes. Just ask Michelle Waterson smh
I'm rooting for Joanna <3. I can't wait to see you fight again, Champ.
This is really awkward
Michael Bisbing is too real for YouTube
We all remember how Johny Hendricks gave a face care to GSP so the end here is pretty clear
Bisping: So when did being an arrogant egomaniac douche become a part of martial arts??
only 280k views in 3 days......
Listening to Joanna talk while I take a shit helps it fall right out
I hate bisping but his George saint Pierre impression is hilarious
Rose is lame. WTF was that?
Bisping is a legend and a warrior but I don’t think his winning this one but hope he does come on England
rose looking like  a figure from Thunderbirds
Its funny how Bisping's guilty conscience acts up accusing gsp of steroids. lol\nHe's wearing smart foam, now like conman mctapout, so he feels guilty.
Talk about this in our latest podcast. Why Michael Bisping is a better trash talker than GSP.  Just made a video about it.
i have to give it to bisping tho, he's pretty badass, and most of the time he speaks the truth
Bisping is such a cock head...
After MacGregor's over hyped boxing challenge, its a bit tiring to be interested in mma again
Joanna is love, Joanna is life, Joanna's so fine, and she's gonna be mine!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍
On my birthday
Bisping is a slick talker these days
Crap
Bispings trash LOL his whole UFC career is garbage hahahahaj
Go thug rose
Are you in-tox-it-k-ted... are you in-tox-it-k-ted?
GSP!!
Let's go gsp
Bisping is a joke! Not even close to an all-time great! Are you kidding??? He's one of the worst champs I've ever seen just got a lucky punch.
UFC has become about acting and putting on a WWE performance WTF!! and to top it off, shit fights everytime.
Bisping is an animal! Always a pleasure to listen to the smack.
how many bottles of fake tan did TJ Dillashaw use for this press conference?
GPS the new middleweight champion
Bisping is pathetic. I wouldnt be shocked if he thinks about Conor when hes poppin Viagra with his wife. Next hell be trying to box.
Say bye bye to the belt Bisping
MMA, Mixte Martials Arts. St-Pierre always has this notion of respect, it is a martial artist. Bisping has no respect, he's a jester. Respect is one of the bases of every martial art, then respect Georges St-Pierre!
GSP better clatter his ugly fucking head RIGHT OFF of the canvas multiple times.
Bisping is cringing he's just trying to copy Connor but he's not even funny. Sad
people saying tony ferguson vs kevin lee was cringe
15:43
TJ looks pretty confident
I fucking love Micheal Bisping 😂😂😂
I love Bisping.
Bisping's trash talk makes me cringe
British scum
Bisping what a dickhead
Anderson Silva defeated MB  but was rewarded the win, and he's happy with it knowing he lost. GSP the winner on Nov. 4.
GSP will kick bitchpings ass
TJ is so damn tan.
Bossing is fucked up lol still funny
I'm British ,  bisping is embarrassing
GSP will win for sure, how many lucky wins and how many controversial wins are der in Kissbings career!! Countless.. Yes GSP had his controversies as well, whatever the case maybe GSP is better skilled and raw power house, he will fuck Kissbing on Nov 4th (no fucking doubt)
man i know bisping was pretty outspoken but i honestly feel like he's trying his best to sell this fight like mcgregor would.... i mean, trashing what he's wearing? that's something out of mcgregor's book...
Dana White is like ... fuuuuck this
Rose gives 0 fucks I love it
Gegard Mousasi, will whip them both.
gsp got big.or ped.......
Bisping trying so hard to be like McGregor 😒. Get your own act bro
Why are Fake Paul and his friends more popular than people like this. How? It blows my mind, what we're giving attention to. This is amazing Rudy.
THIS IS SO COOL
I'm obsessed with it
See these types are the songs that should get millions of views\n\n\n\n\n\nNot fucking it's everyday bro
Aw man. He lost his trending badge.
Not worth my view
This song hase too have 300 million views not its everyday bro fuck that shit
I listen to it everyday
This song makes me want to dance the freak out of the dance floor
I don't get the meaning of it. I mean, there IS a hidden meaning right? If it does not than im dissapointed.
Good job poo bear that was very lit also I subbed on ur channel rudy
That's so GOOD!!👌🏻❤️
I LOVE THE SONG😙😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😐😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
This is a master peace
is he colourblind or something?
Bygones to be my bygones or be black bygones and blurry bygones flaming bygones
It's sooo gonna be in the song or Grammys award soooo gonnna trend love this song too much can't get this song off my head!!
Dang this so actually really good 😍
we wanna see more
Love it!!! i'm gonna make a nightcore of this
All the 3K plus people Must Have No Soul
It's on iTunes
Did Rudy actually play the piano for this song? Because if so, that's pretty impressive. Also poo bear has a great voice...
I like so much
i loves how hes playing the piano at the last
Omg how is it only at 2.3 mil like Ik that’s a lot but this is so much better than half the music on the radio rn
I love this song so much
I like ur song
As an artist this is has to be the most artistic music video I've ever seen. Good job Rudy👍
How come he ain't a famous singer
You need to release Diego’s (Awkward Puppets)new album 😩😫
this shit is fire🔥🔥🔥\nit's lit💯 like if u agree
Im listening on Spotify! I Love it
How can I say this....this is beautiful and meaningful
I like this song a wach it 1000 time  poo bear  i like him
I keep Listening to this song\n\n\n\n\n\nOnly me...
Not a bad song at all
I loved this so much I shared it to almost all of my friends and famliy
I love the part of poobear
Wow Rudy you did so good, we are all so proud of you❤👍
Love that song I watch this video again and again
I don’t know what this is abou but......\n\nI like it
This the best music I've ever heard btw you awesome
Hey this song is great!
I love this song
This is my new favorite song! Great job Rudy!!!!!!!
I love the beat🎹
😮💗💗💗😍😍😍😍😍👏🔥🔥\nYour on fire go!
Its a mixture of salsa and reggae and I love it
Watched this 1000000000 times it’s really good
53 time watching this Rudy you have great talent keep doing what you're doing.🎵🎶🎵🎶🎵🎶🎭🎭🎭🎭
is this on iTunes?
I watched this in black and white
🎹🎹🎹🎹
love this
Awesome!
2:37 piano😍😍
omg
nice just nice
Black and white 🎹🖤
Rudy Mancuso Debuts Striking 'Black & White' Single & Video With Poo Bear\nhttp://yobuilder.com/3vRt
Woooooh 🔥
*poo bear *
Meh...
Itunes?
Bruh that's kinda eerie
I like piano
Nice song
HES A GODESS
Omg i loveit
BLACK and WHITE 🕺🖤🕴👻
Poo bear love brazilians
Please Make onother  music video
This my gam🎧🎶🎹
This is fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Amazing!!
Simply Brilliant!!
Is
That's butilful
This was amazing.
Goat
Redlips? GTA
Replay button broken
Internet is such a bitch that stupid stuff will get more views than talented videos
Who repeated it 10000 times
I am not RACIST \nBut he said he says he see's the world black & White\nSo does he see black people white and white black?\nI Dunno
This song is better than despacito seriously
I want this in spotify who agrees
This song is amazing in love 😍
I am sure 100% this my new favorite song! 🎤
And the end, he ended up with the white dudes....
I love this song I bought this song on iTunes
Can you make another song like this because you're the best singer
I'm so amazed that Rudy finally made a music video he's a amazing singer and I'm so proud of him like if u want another song
You are my favorite person and cutest
not less than despacito
happines or money or family...Why?
My favorite song🎹🎹
Ily this song 😍
Who else feels like innana and Rudy should date   \n      Just me ok but btw this songs lit
I love the voice over. Just fine to listen your voice. \n\n*Great recipe also. :)
Im so sorry, but your voice!!......
Your oven is incredible
#Forkdontlie
II love this show.
what the fuck is that accent \nare yo doing that shit on purpose?\nyou better not be
Will this recipe  work with the silicone canele molds?
Pastéis De Nata ?!\nnope, não são .. but something to try.
They look incredibility delicious 😍😍😍
FORK\nDON'T\nLIIIEEEEE
my missus is crazy about them. and i never tried making them because i didnt have the canele moulds. so will definitelly try it now. just like luis vitton on how much to brush on
Cant find beeswax
I would never have suspected beeswax to be the critical ingredient to these amazing pastries. Thanks Chef John
is the rum important? is there a substitute or can i leave it out?
I JUST LOVE EVERYTHING CUSTARD
Make carne asada fries!!!!
That up-talking!
That's OK, they always look like that.  Indeed!  :D
Seems like it needs a sauce
The cannelés have never ever been crispy. At all. The real cannelés are chewy and tender. If you've made crispy cannelés, you've missed the recipe. But I guess that nothing is impossible with the Americans ... :)
SO I did as you said and looked them up.. Your sure looked much better.. But if you don't have RUM, what can you use in place of it?
Is there any option to beeswax my wife is allergic to beeswax
Amazing, thanks!
They taste like rubber from l'eclerc (equivalent of Tesco)
I really want to watch these videos but the way you say sentences the pitch in your voice using high pitch at the wrong places is driving me crazzzzyyyyy
I thought Mike, Jay, & Mr Plinket were going to turn up.
Chef John, make something with hearth of palm please!
Chef John! Congrats on trending!
The beeswax you used certainly has some kind of additive to it (probably mineral oil, as that's the classic recipe for cutting board cream). Beeswax at room temperature is rock solid, there's no way you could spoon it out.
Boi that's a weird looking Yorkshire Pudding
I had one of these at a street fair at Laguna Beach this summer and I had no idea what they were called or where I could get more. Now I can make my own!
His sentences keep dropping off at the end. The video was great, but you need some vocal dynamics.
Why did YouTube put this on the trending list do they have ABSOLUTELY nothing better ? I'd rather watch someone hit their head into a wall over and over for 30 minutes
Can I use something else besides beeswax???
so the american one is short and fat .. wow you really embrace your shortcomings 'merica xD
Doesn’t mix dry items first = Invalid instructions
have the baking tray already in the oven, and have the liquid mix in a jug. Much easier to pour int he moulds, and you don't need to move the tray to the oven
I'm in the UK and we're currently watching the Great British Bake Off on TV (shout out to any other Brits watching it!) and I've been saying for years they need to set this as a challenge since its so difficult and unique! Now this is online I HAVE to make this!! I'm so excited!!
Do you realize you emphasize the end of every sentence
Yes! yes! Yes!  Trader Joe’s sells these in the frozen section and they are delish but I knew in my heart of hearts that homemade ones are gonna be really yummy.  I’m so glad you posted this video and this is on my “High Priority List”! Thank you! Thank you! I also am glad to have discovered that they have food grade bees wax for wooden cutting boards! You are the best!!!
Worst voice ever but nice tutorial
Please give us a breakfast pizza videos no good ones on YouTube :(
Next we need a kouign amann recipe!
Yo Chef John is trending!
HE SOUND LIKE YODA
Can you speak normally?
Nice video and I know some of you guys are gonna hate on me or some shit but I hate how your sentences always end in an end tone. If I had to listen to you speak for more than 10 minutes, I would choose temporary deafness for at least 24 hours. Sorry for being an ass but it's just so unsatisfying.
Now you need to make kouign amann.
This guys voice goes up and down in the most annoying pattern
Hello Chef, can you make a video about simple white loaf? i want to see your version :)
@chefjohn I really need some help about using my gas based oven. It doesnt have gas marks except a high or a low and I usually mess up baking anything in it. I would really appreciate a video on tutoring how to use one and the things one must br careful about while baking.
Wait ..no cayenne. Am i watching chef john or an imposter..lol
Did it reach her?
Oh my god thank you
Chef John is the chef version of DJ Khaled \nTHEY don't want you to SUCCEED
Damn it. I wanted to watch this but didn’t realize who it was. Mute.
FUCK YEA TRENDING PAGE WOOOOO.
So delicious 😋
Kaori Miyazono's favourite snack
Good to see you on trending...
Looks great I have a sweet tooth
The way he never ends his sentences bothers me lol
every sentence this guy says sounds like he's finishing the video
Why are you using such a weird speaking cadence? It's hard to listen to it
How do I explain to a picky eater that this isn't burnt; that it's actually a thing?
Check out my products at little cost at www.trackq.xyz its a growing company and it needs your help! First 100 customers to purchase an item from the online store will receive a 40% discount on the already low prices here ! check it out you wont regret it .
His voice is so flowing, fast ups and  slow downs, making it easier to listen to.
Yes!! My life is complete
Gotta admit I wasn't fully sold until that cross section.  Now I need ten.
Why does he talk like that? I’m not entirely sure what it is? It just bothers me
Talking with exclamation marks at the end of every sentence! Is so annoying! Even though the pastry looks fab!
I appreciate the cooking lesson but found the way you were speaking so annoying that I couldn’t even finish the video. I’m sorry. The repetitive rising and falling tone was just too much.
could you talk like a human?
Chef John! can you post a video where you accidentally scramble the eggs you're trying to incorporate? I think videos like that that show what to look for when you mess up would be really helpful
While I enjoy watching foodwishes, I can tell you quite certainly that I will never make this.
Why am I watching this . F i’m hungry by now
I didn't have any beeswax. So I tried coconut oil. I worked just fine, and it turned out pretty good😄😄
why does he talk like that?
Why did you have to remind me of your lie in april 😭😭😭😭
Stop talking like that you piece of shit
Love this version! Will definitely try this.
The only thing that stopped me from making canele is the expensive molds ! Now I can’t wait to try your method chef John ! Thank you !
Your forever questioning intonation messes me up\n\nGreat video tho
What can I say ... I’ll marry you,  chef John ... lol
The cadence of his speech pattern is so annoying
WHY DOES THIS GUY TALK LIKE THAT
✝️ *HARVEST MUSIC FESTIVAL MASSACRE Was Preplanned WELL in Advance* via Me And My Monkey song, SEE SONG VIDEO HERE  >>> https://youtu.be/1sBTMC2-tg4\n\nAnd Once You Fully understand the Spiritual Meaning of the Diabolical Massacre via the above link provided...\n\n✝️ *GET WITH GOD's PROGRAM, NOW!! PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE IS REAL!  AND IT'S RED ALERT!!* \n\n...Leave the Devil in the Dust for Good...\n\n✝️ *ARE YOU SAVED?* Find Out For Certain!  MAKE SURE YOU ARE SAVED by The Gospel, 1st Corinthians, 15:1-4 >> Just click HERE ==> https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-Corinthians-Chapter-15/ \n\n✝️ Beware the watered down False Doctrine many churches are pushing these days.  To be certain you have been Saved by the ONLY valid Gospel at the time of this posting, let Pastor Robert Breaker walk you through the simple steps today by clicking on the link ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k \n\n*REV 12 Sign of The Son of Man* being fulfilled;  TIME IS RUNNING OUT!\n\n😇 *Rightly Divided, The KJV Bible  (the only Bible uncorrupted) clearly promises the Blessed Hope of PRE-Tribulation Rapture!!*\n(shhhh...Satan doesn't want you to know) 👿\n\nJews, Gentiles, Everyone Alike...\n\n*GET SAVED NOW !! Don't be LEFT BEHIND to suffer The Great Tribulation...* 😓\n\n*The Bottom Line?*\nThe Blood of JESUS CHRIST is your ONLY hope of Salvation By Grace Through Faith for life everlasting in the Heavenly Kingdom...\n\n*GET SAVED & REPENT NOW!*\n*How To Know You're Saved* Click Here Now ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k\n\n✝️ For some of the latest Biblical Evidence, Rapture coming soon watch this Youtube video >>>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w\nFor more Watchmen videos use keywords Revelation 12 Sign, Last Trump, Rapture.  Take Heed and WARN  EVERYONE!! \n >>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w
I would not say they're impossible to make. But making some really tasty ones isn't easy.
Annoying voice, is annoying
That looks delicious af!
It’s my first time here. Does he always end his sentences with inflection in his voice? I thought it was a joke at first but he never stopped lol
Your thoughts on sous vide
As a trained pastry chef, I have a great appreciation for making outdated recipes more modern and convenient.
The way he talks drives me crazy! The highs, and lows over and over. I can’t explain it! I want to scream but I love his simple recipes and how he simplified everything but aaaaargghhhhh anyone else feel this way?
His voice intonation is really weird...
Your lie in April...
Half in the bag
Savior John!\nI thought it was impossible to make it without the molds!
I'm not eating fucking beeswax wtf. Don't follow this dumb recipe.
Beeswax? Your Voice Is NOT NORMAL! And these are NOT Vegan.
I'm so sorry Alix, sending lots of love! xxx
💖
💜
❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️
<3
Stay strong! <3
<3 <3 xxxxxx
I'm SO sorry to hear this. I lost my dad new years day this year and I'm not going to lie it is one of the hardest things you will probably ever go through. There is no wrong or right way to grieve and don't let anyone rush you or make you feel like you're not allowed to feel the way you DO, it's all a process. I don't know you personally but if you ever want to speak to anyone with a little bit of insight and sometimes talking to someone you don't know can be easier sometimes I'm always here 💖
Sending you lots of love alix my heart breaks for you xoxo
oh God, sending you power and love. Be strong or weak if you need! Don't think about anyone here, take care of yourself. <3
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending you my love ❤️xx
Im so sorry for your loss. Sending positive thoughts your way
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending you lots of love.
Inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi raji'un. She sounds like a wonderful woman who will be in a better place, I'm so sorry for your loss. You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers xx
Sending my prayers and love your way! ❤️ \n\nSo terrible to hear and my heart aches for the situation you are in
I can't begin to understand all the pain and  emotional suffering that you have been through since your mother's diagnosis and     in addition losing someone you loved and cared for. Sending lots of love and support your way. Thanks for being you and sharing your personal experiences with the world, it isn't easy but I look forward to your videos. Take your time to recover, sending hugs your way!!
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending you love and support xx
So sorry for your loss. Condolences to you and your family.
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending you love and peace from Nashville, TN <3
Oh sweetie, deepest sympathies on this tremendously sad occasion. I hope in time your good memories of your Mom will sustain you and keep her present in your life.
I am so sorry for your loss.   There is no right or wrong way to grieve and you need to do it in your own time and in your own way. xoxo
I’m so sorry for your loss.
I am so sorry - I lost my mum to cancer too many years ago. You’re right- it does suck. No matter how old you are. I am a mum too and am sorry you are suffering - I wouldn’t wish my children to feel as you do. Take good care. Take time to heal x
So incredibly sorry for all that you are going through.  Wish I could make it all better.
Alix i'm so so sorry for your loss. Truly I can't imagine what you and your family are going through, I'm so sorry xxx
So very sorry for your loss 😓
Fuck Alix ! , you didn’t need to tell us , but I respect your honesty. Always a follower  xxxx
Sending lots of hugs from Mallorca Alix, I am so sorry ⭐️
Sending a gigantic hug and lots of love all the way from Portugal. My prayers are with you and your family ❤️ love you! Take the time you need ❤️
I can't even imagine the pain you're going through. I'm so sorry doesn't even cover it but I'm sending love and light your way ❤️
I’m so sorry to hear about your mum. Stay strong for her and know she’ll always be with you.
You're so strong by letting us know this terrible situation you're passing through. I'm sure you're mum is so proud of you. I'm a Medicine student and I try to imagine how you feel. I send you a lot of strenght from Spain ❤❤
we are so sorry for your lose.we feel you.u are so real and we will always support you and be there for u.
Sending lots of love ❤️ and lots and lots of hugs! You are so strong for making this video 💐
Be strong girl. It's very hard time for you I understand but hope you can get through it xx
Watching this broke my heart for you. You don’t owe a single person an explanation and the people who chose to be cruel in such a vulnerable time for you have issues of their own to work out. It’s no reflection on you. Take the time you need to heal and be with your family and I hope you can do that without YouTube interfering. Lots of love from Florida. ❤️❤️
Hi Alix, I usually never comment on videos but I just wanted to tell you that I respect you for having the courage to do this, to say this, to share this. Condolences and sending all my love to you and your loved ones xxx
This was brave, be proud of yourself 🙂
I'm so sorry for your loss Alix.
I am so sorry. know that there are so many people wishing nothing but the best for you.
My mother passed away because of the same kind of cancer2 months Ago. I still do not realise it and I can only imagine what are you going through....take care..
I can only imagine what you're going through. You're so brave. Sending lots of love x
I'm so sorry for your loss xx
So so sorry for your loss. :(
So sorry for your Alix... I lost my mom the exact way and it has left a hole in my heart ❤️ that I don’t think will ever be filled, but we carry on with memories. You take the time to heal . Hugs from 🇨🇦
My darling, I am so so sad for you and I'm also so sorry. This will be a time where you feel numb, nothing will make sense and the world will look different now for quite some time. Grieving will last a lifetime. It changes but it will always be there, just take each  day at a time, each hour at a time. In a few months when you are ready please talk to a bereavement counsellor. The loss's you have experienced this year are literally life changing and you won't be the same again. This isn't all negative although it feels that way, sounds a strange thing to say and what I mean is since losing my Dad at 28 Four years ago it has shaped me into who I am today - I see life as it is - precious and short. I honour his memory by living and doing everything I can and want to do. Take care and take time. Don't feel guilty for the days you laugh or the days you can't get out of bed for crying. Xx
💗💗💗
❤️
Much love💖
❤🙏
❤️
*hug*
❤️
❤❤❤
❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️
💗💗💗💗💗😢
Take your time. Slowly, but dont abandone yourself (For personal experience). Take it day by day. Lots of love
I'm really sorry for your loss :( we are here for you!
This is truly heartbreaking to watch. Sending you so much love xxxx
You are so brave for putting this video out there. I lost my daughter in April and that hurt never goes. But the only comfort I can give is that you now have a pure guardian angel watching down at you. Your never alone, take the love and don't beat yourself up with the feelings and the journey you are going through. Sending you all my love. 💖
I went through exactly the same thing as you, I lost my mum ten years ago to breast cancer and i still think about her all the time. You are so strong to be able to film this video so soon after she passed. I know I couldn't have done that. Sometimes people forget that you still have a private life away from YouTube, and you don't owe it to anyone to explain why you needed to spend time away. Just because it's your job doesn't mean it's the most important thing in your life. Sometimes you just need to take time out, look after yourself, and screw everyone else. The important people will still be there when you come back 💕
Hi I would just like to say hearing your voice crumble up pain has bought tears to my eyes your absolutely correct do not have to say anything losing apart of you is a big think and I can relate to that just need to be strong and remember mum's good beautiful stuff she did watching you from up their I lost my nan been 2 years but still cannot get over it but remembering her with happy moments we had together helps a bit. \nI would like you to make videos and make that beautiful mum proud of you because your her strong daugther xxx
I am so sorry you’re going through such a hard time. No one deserves to feel that heartbreak. Your video has really touched me. I wish you all the happiness in the world x
Alix i never comment but having lost my mum through cancer too i felt your pain.  You are so brave . Im six years on and i can only mention her now without crying . Time will help you learn to live with it . Stay strong she loves you and watches over you every minute. Xx
I am so sorry for what you are going through, Alix. I have been in the same situation with my dad years ago and it was terrible so I kind of understand how you feel right now... You have thousands of people here that support you and I hope you can feel our love! 💞 It's hard the whole situation but you'll be fine, you have to be strong and surround yourself with your love ones.\nSending you lots of love!
Sending so much love to you.  You are so brave for sharing this with us all.  Take all the time you need - this is your job... not your life - look after yourself xxx
Condolences with the loss of your mom.  Take the time you need...xxx
I'm truly sorry for your loss. Never knew anything was going on and you're completely entitled to not have to tell your audience everything and all. Praying for you. All my love. ❤️🙏
Omg u poor love!!! This is so sad you are too young to be experiencing all of this!!! U are amazing person....just know life is what matters and being real is more appreciated than anything else! You are a wonderful girl and your mum would be proud of you!!! 💖💖💖
sending love to you ❤❤❤
Sending lots of love your way 💕💕💕💕
Words will never be enought to help you through this terribly difficult time, but I'm sending lots of love and positive energy your way... Take care of yourself and surround yourself with the people who love you! You are so brave and a wonderful human being so keep lloking into the horizon, and hopefully tomorrow will be a better day... Lots of love! xoxo
I'm so sorry to hear this, hope you will feel better as time goes by.
❤️ Sending you lots of love at this difficult time xxxxxx
So sorry for your loss Alix, I can't even bare to think about it. Sending you prayers xxxx
So so sorry for your loss. Sending you lots of love and warm hugs ❤️
I dont think i have posted a comment on your videos but i feel like this is a message you would want to read right about now... i dont really do much in the way of a social life so i seek a little happiness from youtube videos and you are one of the people who i have always thought of as beautiful and intelligent and understanding.\nPlease keep your held up high, it is a hard time and it will hurt for a while but please know you have a family (your fans) and i am grateful to be one of them.\n\nI love you so much and i hope everyone respects your honesty which is the thing i love about you most. Xx❤️❤️
What a brave thing to do by making this video. Sorry for the loss of your mum 💕
truly teared up! sending lots of love from New Zealand. xxxxxxxxxx
Sending my condolences to you and your family ❤️
I'm so sorry for your loss. You do what you gotta do to take care of yourself.
🙏🏾 sending many prayers and hugs to you.
No words.  Just so sorry x
I am so sorry for your loss....  You are just like a sunshine, and watching your videos always made me feel a little happier. .. Stay strong  <3
So sorry for your loss. My deepest condolences... sending you Love ❤️ from Qatar...
My heart is broken for you, Alix. My mom was diagnosed too, and it’s like the world crumbles around you. I am praying that God gives you strength and brings you joy in a time of sudden grief and sadness. I appreciate you, I love your videos, and I hope you heal. Love from Houston, Tx.
So sorry to hear this 😢❤️
Sending you lots of love and strength, Alix!
Oh Alix I am so so sorry.  I really wasn't expecting you to say that!  Cancer sucks, I lost my Dad to it and its the worse thing ever.  I totally feel for you, but the only thing I can say is it will get easier, lots of love and thinking of you xxxx
My prayers and blessings go to you stay strong 💪🏽
Sending you the biggest love from Germany. <3
Sending much love. You are so brave.
I'm so sorry to hear this. My thoughts go out to you and your family. Take care of yourself xx
You’re SO brave... be strong and count on the ones who love you ❤️
Sending love and prayers💜 nothing we can say will make it better but you're truly so strong
Bless you 😞 really sad to hear your story. \nLife can be so cruel. Xxx
i have been watching you for years but never comment on any videos, however i feel like i need to comment to give you my love and support. you are an amazing human being and you have a heart of gold. what you are going through rn is absolutely heart breaking and you are living most people's nightmares. i wish you all my support and want you to know that you will get through this and you are so strong, your mum was and still is so so proud of you <3 sending so much love, lots of people are here for you no matter how hard life gets x
Alix....you were so brave and graceful posting this video. I completely understand your pain...a year and a half ago we found out my mother had pancreatic cancer and I  just lost her September 11 2017, a month ago tomorrow. There really are no words to describe the pain and emptiness you feel. You don't owe anyone a explanation, grieve the way you need and the people who truly care for you will understand. I'm so so sorry for all the heartbreak your going through..your videos always inspire me and this video made me feel less alone.  ❤️
NOTIF SQUARD WHERE U AT!>?!?#@?!?
🔥😆🔥😆🔥😆🔥🤘🔥🤘🔥😆🔥🤘🔥
bitch
I want a Siri emoji
prick?
Fucks?
nigga ching chong ching chong ching chong bitch meow meow mrow meow
PIROGI!!!! YUM YUM!!!
Bitch
💜
Nigger
The swear words frick
Justine suck my DICK BITCH
Freaking hot
🐙
🐺🐉🐦🐧🦉🦈
🐉
Giraffe
oww passion hello
😝🎨
Fav emoji 🙈
Pierogis are life.
Bitch
WHERE IS THAT LAX EMOJI THO
They still have pierogie races
Bitch
Still no raccoon emoji.
💩
Pirogees are russian
#nonifacationsquad
Still no Llama emoji
bitch
OMG YOU KNOW PEROGHIS!! lol idk how to spell it
🦄
The swear word is bitch
B word
Still no redheads
B*t*h
🐿🐇🦏🦍🦌🐂🐃🐅🦈🦎🦇🦅🐗🐺🦁🥜🌰🌮🌯🥃🤼‍♀️🤸‍♀️🏊🏾‍♀️🤽‍♂️🏄‍♀️🎳⛲️🗽🏟🕯⏳⌛️💳⏰🕰📟
perogies!!!!!!
Apple should do a trampoline emoji
My favorite emoji: 😋
Yes pierogis 😍😍😍
Shit
Wheres you apple watch ahhhhh😜😍😂
bitch
Queen
It is bitch
😄
💩
The u
🦃🦃🦃
I love that 😘
🧢
That push up thing she was describing is not used for that. It is a sport where u slide it across ice and hav to get it as close to the middle of a target.
I can't believe you made a video about that.. by the end I kinda liked it.. I came to your channel coz you were beautiful in iphone vs sony dslr video but now I'm definitely subscriber and the bell icon toooooo.. :)
Bit## I think it’s that
Omg I love Pierogis(that's how u spell it in polish)
I don’t have any of those and I got he 11 thing
finally just now see CAN WE PUT A SMILE ON OUR FACE u work with iPhone!
My favourite emoji has always been the hibiscus flower 🌺
Oh my goodness! I went to my first Pirates game a couple weeks ago, and had the Pulled Pork Pierogie sandwich I definitely recommend!
I think it's the b word
I don't have a new favorite emoji but my fav one is 😛
I want them to make a polar bear emojis
Porogies are polish foods which I love
Bi+ch is the swear word
My favourite old emoji is the little bomb it’s cute
I think it's ni*ga?
is there a Llama emoji?  (i have a Samsung so idk)
I'm excited fir causing maybe it's\nB word or N word
Where is the skateboard emoji
sorry I was trying it out ily
My two favorite emojis are 😂 and 🦄. I’m also excited for the mermaid emoji.
Jk i love u
My fave is the 🙈 and the new pie
So many Skanks try to copy your original style, but Justine you are the one and original...
Why am I subscribed to a channel for 12 year olds?
I haven’t seen any new emojis ☹️🙄
I want a new unicorn emoji
i dont see you for iphone , i seeyou only for you beatifull green eyes...
It's bith c
The one you  weren't sure about is curling its a Canadian sport
😎🔫👍🏻🐒➡️🙌🏿🚔🚔🚔 emojis are for white girls that have no morals and have sex against parents wishes (aka parental disappointments)
The bad word is B\nI.      T\nC. H
No offence they don't have a. Brown person not being rood😬😬
0:59 it's not a porcupine it's a hedgehog
I think it’s pussy
I have ios 11 but no new emoji confused
My fav old one is 🥞 and my fav new one is 🥋
It is probbaly the B word
B**ch is the swear word sorry
It wasn’t a porcupine it was a hedgehog
I bet that emoji with the characters says bitch
my favorite is 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕 middle finger
Omg😱 you were on Vapmire Diaries season 3 episode 10, the bartender 😱😱
I Think Its The B Word Ya Know B\ni\n..\nt\n\nThats Why I Think it is
Favorite emoji is the 👽 because I love aliens but where is the red head person like??
The swear word is b**ch
I don’t have them and I have the iOS11
This made me so happy hahaha thanks Hank xD
This video makes me happy.
mouth poem school sure ban image shut really.
Our festival winner was 768 pounds. Big, but no 2600 pounds. :D
So a guy just won the world record for largest gourd, 4 days after video published.
It's the 10th, anyone got any word on the pumpkin weigh off?
OH MAN! I just went to a giant pumpkin festival and both of my uncles grow giant pumpkins (one of them came in 10th)\nOn this note, the largest watermelon in Oregon ever was awarded first place at said festival.
0/10 no pic of Corbyn and a giant Marrow.
so i just got my copy of turtles all the way down, except, no i didn't, turns out i ended up with 2 copies, and not only that, but they're both signed! i don't know how this error happened but it resulted in the overdraft of my account by 7 dollars, but I'm okay with that because they didn't charge me an overdraft fee and i just sent in my jar full of loose change to them so they wouldn't have to. So all in all, i might end up selling one of my extras to someone who didn't, or i might give it to my sister. i don't know.
This is why I love watching you guys. I love seeing passionate people get passionate about stuff, especially when they are getting passionate about other passionate people's passions! It is infectious and I always find myself feeling excited for the same thing too, even if four minutes prior I knew nothing about it. \n\nThanks for being awesome.
Hahahahaha Hank you are the sweetest!
World’s largest fruit; Bruce Jenner.
Hank green you are the best brother ever
OMG!!!!! The book came today and i am soooo happy!!!!!!!!
Wow, this is one of the sweetest videos that I have ever seen.
I thought this was gonna be an autobiography
Going with humans messing with fruits and veggies I HAVE HAD COTTON CANDY GRAPES. They were terrifyingly good.
u forgot Mr Bean :/
This was coincidentally perfectly timed to relieve a lot of my stress as well, so THANKS HANK. i might have to bring a lil pumpkin to tour now.
My brother grew pumpkins up the side and on top of our shed. In order to get them to stay on the vine, he made pantyhose pouches which he tied to a makeshift trellis so they could sit and grow comfortably while defying gravity. It was very peculiar looking, but the pumpkins made really good pies later.
I don't know if it's still on the air, but Food Network used to have a show during Halloween that involved carving humongous pumpkins.
<3 this video is so sweet
Are these fruits and vegetables tested for steroids?
Thank you Hank for sharing this video I'm a little anxious and depressed too so that really helped me I love how you help love  and support your brother you are so amazing
You guys should make a video for us newbies to the fandom. Like Vlogbrothers 101 with all the references you guys make. A simple resource for all our nerdy confusion.
I preordered turtles all the way diwn expecting it to come on the 10 as in the release date but there was mail today even though its columbus day and i got the book!!!
I have good news and bad news \nBad news Some preorders shipped early \nGood News The preorder when to me who will not spoil the AMAZING first 3 chapters
I'd devour that watermelon. :) Can't have enough of it. :)
Hi John, Im Brazilian but I live in Bolivia, Im doing a literary analysis of your book Under the same star , I really like your videos, I love your book. Kisses from Peniel school.
This was perfect to start a stressful week. Thank you Hank. 😂😂
This made my week
Hank, you have succeed. I was in a very bad mood and now I'm excited about this pumpkin madness!
Can I post a picture showing my huge vegetable?
Most of them look like deformed mutants lol
That’s some crazy stuff !! 🤔🤔🤔
Says fruits but in thumbnail puts a cucumber/gourd
I FINALLY FOUND YOU MY MAN! I misses sewing you in Crash course. You are awesome there and here :D
My boyfriend and I just broke up and this is the video I didn't know I needed to cheer me up, thank you Hank 😊
Anyone find out the winners?
OMG, @vlogbrothers, you are awesome! @Hank I loved it all -  the subtext, the distraction, can't even imagine how you would have researched! This is true love,<3. - Love, J
These guys are the biggest fruits I've ever seen.
This makes me uncomfortable.
Giant potatoes look frickin gross...
<3 Hankie.
Stop talking and just show us the damn fruit
But how do they taste?
Oh ,you're gosh, hank, I love the giant onion man too. He just looks SO HAPPY about his onion. I needed this video too. I needed a video where overwhelming happiness is the theme.
Now here's the situation. Hank is so adorably into his massive food.
Where can I find a watermelon that big
Awesome, the pumpkin championship is in my town- I live 5 min away from where the picture at 3:04 was taken. We also hold a competition where participants have to hollow out a pumpkin to make a boat and then race each other across a lake in their pumpkin boats. It's neat and they almost always sink.
Isn’t October 10th a Tuesday?
http://www.bigpumpkins.com/WeighoffResultsGPC.aspx?c=P&y=2017   -- Mathias's pumpkin was over 2,228lb this year! :P Didn't beat out last year's!
I wonder what the largest (in terms of size, not pages) book is...
oh god! that's not a carrot, it's a Resident Evil boss!
New tomato record set by Dan Sutherland
I love both you guys so much! 😂
I already knew you two were the world's biggest fruits
Please tell me I'm not the only one who Googled the European Pumpkin Championship and found out that the fella who holds the record for largest pumpkin ever is currently winning this year's contest with a 2228.9 lb pumpkin. Congrats, Mathias! Keep 'em comin'!
Well if they are alive, I would guess, Pewie Landsherson, Oliver Pratt and formerly Chris Platt though sometimes its Kathy Baits butt on the hole its got to be Boseanne Rarr. Or it could be that sumo wrestler that Quentin Tarateeneeew-Yuk hangs with. Sorry I didn't realize this about giant edible fruits. Nevermind.
i luv how u give us details and info about the giant fruits thank u
Ah!!! I'm so excited! I preordered Turtles and didn't even know when it was being released!  Woot! New Book!!!
Why is this trending again
I decided to take a break from essay writing to catch up on my Vlogbrothers and I just wanted to say thank you. This was amazing. I can go back to my essay proofreading happily now.
This is definitely one of my favorite vlog brother vids. Thanks Hank!
But do they taste good???? 🤔
Wait I thought they were all working for VICE as reporters?
literally thousands of generations of people\n\nIf one generation is taken as 20 years of births and thousands is taken as the lowest possible plural - 2000, then you are saying literally 40,000 years of work and intelligence. How can it be literally 40,000 years when it is fact that the Earth is 6000 years old.
I love big pumpkins. And this video made my day. Thanks Hank.
I almost skipped this video and I'm so glad I didn't
great video, a hug from cuba omg
You should end every video like that. Humans. WOW.
Is it me or did all these vegetables/fruits look like tumours?
I need a photo of John with a copy of Turtles All the way Down in his mouth. You put the thing that does the killing between your teeth...
Genetic selection  at it's best. What better way to genetically modify the species then to selectively breed it.
why is john sad?
Hank needs to watch Wallace and Gromit and the Curse of the Were Rabbit asap
I am from Belgium and it is true. Some regions take the pumkin thing very serieusly and in elementery school we did competitions of our own.
Why is pewdiepie not on the list
I love this video
Thank you for a lovely video that warmed me up on a grey, cold Sunday. \nI just wanted to add that when I'm upset and need a little bit of anarchic giggling I go on Scottish Twitter. Completely loopy, foul mouthed, sometimes way too much but always strangely logical, Scottish Twitter is the Wild Wild West of the Internet.
nice click bait on trending keep it up youtube!!!
Hey, my name is Mathias.
Humans!! Wow!!!
As a vegetarian...
How is this trending?
Nekoosa Giant Pumpkin Fest!  This made my morning.
GMOs!
Hunted you down from scishow
onions and potatos aren't fruits
SEEING YALL ON TOUR IN NYC TOMORROW
How does one breed a plant?
2:52 IT'S THE GREAT PUMPKIN CHARLIE BROWN
I hate your videos.
**Super Mario Sunshine Flashbacks**
Those are pumpkin kayaks.
No Gmo
LOVE.
Good morning John
Pumpkins and Penguins, Hank
This is what happens when you genetically modify food...
Hope Scotland qualify from an Englishman
That keeper playing in the Matrix
Why is Scotland in pink? I've never seen that before. Also I'm very impressed with that Coldplay singer - didn't know he could play like that! ;p
Holland guy here. We miss that passion and willing to win!
Scotland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
strange how it was only weiss that got booed for slovakia
Scotland played good, andtgey won my bet good job! Got to qualify
Englishman here. But honestly Scotland look far better and way more exciting to watch then England. Was only the keeper stopping Scotland being about 4-0
10vs12 Could be different match when Mak rather could scored and did not made fault. Anyway, pretty hard group even Slovakia may be will not proceed. Slovakia, Slovenia, Scotland should be on the cup :D
oh wow this was a very lucky one ... :/ :D
Robert mak stuped this is not greek league
I've half Slovakian so idk what to say here :/
scotlands central defence represented by hearts and Blackburn omg thank god we,re not going to the world cup the goal difference would read for nil conced 35 after the group games
Consider a fact: a Serbian guy send off Slovakian player in both match against England and against Scotland. We must play in ten to lose tightly.
England and Slovakia will make it to the World Cup from group C.Scotland will struggle at Slovenia and Slovakia will definately beat Malta
Tht late goal made it the 40\nMin wait to get out   Asda car park worth it haha
Wish Scotland would stop playing in those poofy pink shirts. Hardly a tough image.
Good luck to Scotland as an england fan
Good decision by a reff!!
We have some of the most passionate fans in football. Just please don't bottle it in Slovenia
COME ON YOU BOYS IN PINK!!!!!!! #SCOTLANDSPINKARMY
outside the box thats a free kick,if its a foul its a foul, his point is right, thats a free kick so why no pen
Proud to be scottish 🔵⚪💪now on to Slovenia #believe
From an Englishman one more games lad's you can do it!!!!!!! See you in Russia.
Not a fan of that pink kit. They should use black and / or yellow.
I'm just here to see the Scottish Fans freaking out completely. Hope to see you at WC18.\nBest wishes from Germany.
Who else was there?
Got to love Scotland! Defo be supporting them over England if they make it... coming from an Englishman (with Scottish family ties)
My friends went to see it! In wembley
That boy from coldplay sure can shoot!
Scotland playing amazing keep it up boys.
It would be really cool if wales,england and scotland all qualify for the wc
Really Good Match To Watch..
What a game. Should have watched this one
Such a great match and better than a grand football final 😱😱
Wish England had this passion.
So many nice shots, but eventually get such a weird goal,
Excellent keep up the good work!
Subscribe to me and stay active 👍comment done 😅 I WILL RETURN AND STAY ACTIVE 😃
Well done once again for fighting hard scottish boys just hope we now can get a win over in Slovenia be tough game but canny fault the effort from the scotland team
whatever happens,so proud of my country tonight,Benidorm erupted when the goal went in,nice end to a holiday!
Man off the match is the fans xd
As Gordon Strachan said, \n\nTheir goalkeeper played brilliant, as did the crossbar.
Hi guys can everyone check out my little boys football channel if you like subscribe thank you
Scotland will go in playoff because our retarded coach fafanec will lose on purpose. Fortunately he will be gone after this match and hopefully never seen again. At least it's a safe bet who bets on football.
We’re on our way mon eh Scots
if scoltand qualify to the world cup, they will be in brazil group, thats always happens.
What's with the faggy pink shirts?
Unlucky, own goal at the end
I was tearing my hair out with 10 minutes to go ,the amount of times I have seen that with Scotland needing the win and coming so close chance after chance but the ball wouldn't go in the net at the 84 minute mark I just decided Scotland are cursed that's it end of ! And then that goal goes in Jesus Christ hahaha you stress me out Scotland but I love you surley we can do it now !!
Great Dúbravka. Amazing....
Shiteland third place
Hahahahaha. Still laughing to myself
Maddd
Cmon SCOTLAND 👍🏻
good job scotland
Not Fair for goalkeeper..
Goal at 5:25
Celtic v dudee 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚6-1 celtic
What a goalkeeper💗
Chrissy martin 😊\nYou rams !!
We will def beat Slovinia 0-2 mooooonnn boys
why pink... why... FORZA SCOTLAND!!!!!!
So.... Congratulation from Slovakia.
Scotland deserved it
Well done mini terriers
Please please please win today boys.
Yaaaaaaaaas!
I hate yet rate Skrtel.  Very tough streetwise player.
https://youtu.be/Zo8I_gC6sSM
On ye go boys!
FIFA Keeper
Cmon Scotland!
Strong play
That goalkeeper is world class
Imagine booing a Slovakia player because he used to play for rangers pathetic
Best fans in the world so much passion from Scotland the English have nothing like this so sad !!😎😛
Every1 criticising the guy who dived, fair enough but the Slovakian goalie played insane.
Scotland did not score a goal in doubles from Slovak
You have to play Slovenia in Slovenia and win because Slovakia will beat Malta. That will be very difficult Slovenia are a solid team. Even if you win there is a good likelihood you'll be lowest second best team and not qualify for the playoffs. In any case whatever happens credit to Strachan for turning a terrible team into contenders.
This should be on Scots telly.
I'm English but support Scotland and Wales more - their team's passion is real
Can we do it!? Should never have let England off the hook.
here a slovakian...good match guys, but its still not the end...
Slovakia beast win with malta and rusia is open but scotlan dont win with slovenia
Today Scotland will pay Slovenia cause they know that Slovakia will win so they are out of play and they will let Scotland win...sadly
Frrrreeeeeeeddddddoooooom i can say it because im Scottish
Wow, Scotland actually got a chance to go to the World Cup, what a time to be alive...
Who is the child that keeps whistling?\nNeeds a dunt with an elbow.
answer me this, was that bad or was that crap
I'm a Rangers fan(also Scotland fan obvs) but griffiths has a wand of a foot, his free kicks are insane. When he banged those 2 against Joe Hart me and my cousin went ballistic, but sadly in typical Scottish style we bottled it and only came out with a point 😂
check out my youtube channel i made a diss track on rice gum!
Why are Scotland playing in pink?
Wrong Title..there are never any highlights when Scotland or England attempt to play football
SUPER👍👍👍
Scotland no foot ball
no tartan army in moscow :). If you meet Italy good luck to your boys they will sliced you into pieces
That commentator is atrocious.
Anyone know why Scotland are playing in pink, not their dark blue ?
Dont bottle it now against slovenia.
I hope you guys enjoy the video! A special thanks to Lindsey Stirling and Mark Ballas for helping me with this cake. You can vote for them to stay on Dancing with the Stars every Monday!\n\n#TeamSTARK 😊💃🕺💕
What's better than Lindsey playing violin and dancing? \nLindsey cooking and dancing :)
Pleeeaasseee liza koshey
Pleas make a Genji cake your the only cake maker I could find on youtube
Can you do a beauty and the beast cake please, please, please
hi, could you please make the lollipops from the movie Trick 'r Treat?
I love dacning with the star 1# of my favorite shows
Plz do u just match plz plz plz plz (P.S YOU ARE AWSOME)
Secret Life of Pets would be awesome to see!!!
Hey Ro! I love your videos! Can you make something BTS themed? They're a kpop group and I don't think you've made anything K-Pop related. Thank you 😁
Please do something once upon a time
Ro you should do a skit of all your baking fails that would be funny! I love baking cookies cakes and cupcakes also.
*Can you do Naruto* (original/Shipuuden) *please?????* extra: with Yuri Lowenthal or Maile Flanagan)
Hey Ro can you do a Halloween treats 2017 you did one in 2016 but I want another one you do spider cookies ghost cake pops candy corn ( the ghost as the candy corns ) and other things!👻🍁🍂🎃
Bendy and the Ink Machine??
Firefly!
eyebrow cookies with liza koshy
I love lindsey!!
Please make polyjuice potion
Her checks are so rosey 🌹
Mark sounds dead inside 💀
Star vs the forces of evil plz
Please do somthing from Smurf
Can you please do a Halloween cake please
Here's à random question, does Ro swear?
Rosanna Pansino can you make a strictly come dancing cake please
my favorite video just because it's DWTS themed
Can you please make can you please make a a Flash cake or something flash or Supergirl
When it said mark in the title i thought it was Markiplier. Who else and Ro could u plz plz make Rumpelstiltskin's dagger cake or cupcakes or anything from Once Upon A Time
Just do it everybody is asking for liza
Mark in the whole video does not seem interested he seems bored
Make something with David Dobrik and Liza Koshy please
Very nice this video
I love Lindseys hair it's so cute!
We miss Mo Ro so much!
I do ballroom dancing too like dancing with the stars
Mark looks like he doesn’t want to be there 😂😂
Make a stranger things cake
Do something with Liza koshy and David!!!!!!
Can you please do something supernatural themed
Please make the Happy Birthday cake from Harry Potter
Please make something eyebrow related with Liza!!!
Make a WWE cake, pls???
yesssssssssssssssssasssssssssssssssssasssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
*LIZA KOSHY, MAKE anything, ANYTHING*
MAJE SOMETHING WITH LIZA PLZ
teen titans go themed
House
LOGAN PAUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so cool 😎
awesome!
Or a fall cake please
Can you please please make a flower cake 💐🍰
Am I the only one who got anxiety when she put her nose 5cm above the cake to smell it 😰🤧
He has a slight accent... I can't quite put my finger on it... hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
You should do more challenges I miss them
I have a request. Can you make a napstacup cupcakes. There is a YouTuber by the name of Cry that make these Undertale shorts. One of them has muffet running a bakery.
Can u do more challenges with your sister you guys are so funny love u
please do another challenge
pleaseeeeeeèeeeererreeeeer
Make a star wars theme cake to honor the new movie coming out.
Rosanna can you make a cookie or cake in the shape of the nuka cola cap or something else fallout related!
make a vedio with Liza koshy and make eyebrow cookies please
Collab with Liza KOSHY!!!!!!!!!!! U guys could make jet cookies or a cake
I'm your fan girl i'm addict to you i can sleep without watching your movie i'm 11yrs old rossana pls make a challenge the name is real food vs astronout food ok with justine pls  pls pls pls pls pls
OMG!!!!!!!!!!! I saw them on TV last night OoooooMmmmmmmGggggggg!!!!!!!!!
will you make river dale cupcakes and more vids with mo
Can you make a finn cake from adventure time pls... 😊
Make a cake of you
Please do a video with Liza Koshy
Please do challenges with mo
I love your videos nerdy nummies or rosanna and or ro
the flash themed plzzzzzzz
I LOVE THIS 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
can you plz colab with liza koshy and do a hocus pocus theme cake
Or a SLIME pls SLIME or TROLLS plsssssssssssss
Melanie Martinez Cake plsssss😢😢😢
can you make giltterry cake
I wish I could bake a cake but I never have well I have but with someone who did mostly all of it and I have never frost a cake well ya I have but it was just flat😞
Where is Mark from? Like every other sentence sounds like he has a slightly different accent then before and Idk if its just me.
You should watch Voltron and make something voltron related
“I need a baking face!”\n\nOH MY GOD THAT WAS PRECIOUS\n\nEdit: DID LINDSEY JUST MAKE THE MARIO JUMPING SOUND WITH HER MOUTH
Hi I love you sooooooooooo  much
im love your videos so much rosanna 😆😋😎😊😸🙌😙🙆😏😅🙋😚😻😗😛😁😀😇😉
Collab with Liza and my life will be complete.
have SimplyNailogical on! Go Christine!
Eyebrow  cookies with Liza koshy
You should colab with Liza koshy
Something American Horror Story.
👍👍👍👍
yom yom
whiskception aka Dan Howell's nightmare
Melanie Martinez cake please with Liza Koshy
Shimmer and shine treats
Make  someting trolls theme
Liza koshy
wiskseption omggg
Do you thing that after you finish the cake you could cut it
*LIZA KOSHY PLEASE*
Can u do shimmer and shine treats please!
This video shows the incredible skills of the pilots. Even after an unexpected wind gust after touchdown they managed to re-align with the runway. Incredible job by the pilots !!
What is the airport name?
Wow. Insane skills. Well done to the pilots.
For those who needs extra income like me.. Just visit and earn 5$, register/sign up for 10$.. Simple as that.. Try it to believe it.. Easy pay out!!! Just click http://ThePayz.com/?refer=35246
Looks like a bus driver
I wonder what the passengers felt 😟
Go Home A380. You are drunk
why in gods name was that plane or any plane allowed to land in that wind storm.....They should have been waved off.....Someone got lucky as hell did not lose their job, and a loy of passengers lives and god know what else......just PLAIN STUPID
And folks, THAT’s how is done🍸
it was not the crosswind fault, it was just a bumpy (bad) landing, plus the crosswind, of course
This is why we need human pilots. no autopilot can do this shit.
Wow that fat overweight cat excuse of a plane is drifting like a Subaru !! i bet the tyres and suspension must be damaged after this stunt!
Thats when Arab pilots show you how to land a plane like a motherfucker 😂😂💔
When I get late for my job interview!
Is it me or does Dusseldorf need to add a runway into the prevailing winds.  Your shots show a LOT of crosswinds!
Next Fast and the Furious.
I can do that better! look: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDLIGZKSIJs
Why they are not fusing the wings with the main body and test the entire craft in the wind tunnel.
Does anybody here know if the rudder pedals are also computer assisted as the side stick on the A-380 ?    seems to me it would have been a little more difficult to  Feel  exact pressures on the plane through computer assisted control surfaces ?    I know they have something in the side stick's computer/hydraulics that tries to mimic the pressures one would feel through mechanical control surfaces
Brilliant. What a great landing considering the conditions. I wonder why they were given permission to land in these conditions.
Индивидуальные экскурсии в 350 городах мира, а также образовательные поездки по России https://goo.gl/fbDpRR
Why the hell is this #5 on trending in Norway????
Just a pilot error.. Excessive use of rudder .. This should be investigated further by FAA
The passengers will be buzzing the fuck out
Good pilote hi's the best..\nVisit the web site..\nhttp://ecut.it/bU3lPT
Amazing pilot skill, just watching makes so much thrill, what would be happened with passengers. landed safely is more important.
You made it again! Fantastic footage my friend. Congratulations Martin!
Give this man a bells
I arrived on a A380 into Heathrow from Singapore about 10 days ago in similar circumstances and the captain aborted landing i guess about 300 feet from the ground and pulled up to make a new & successful approach and landing.
too much perfect engineering right there and nobody talking about it...
Well I thought such hitech aircrafts are designed to outstand such situations .....it looked like a a pilot under training landing a flight simulator...pilots licence need to be turned back for further investigations !!!
Wow , must of taken a lead of courage !
correct me if i'm wrong but that could have been a disaster!\nDid the pilots overcorrect before the touchdown with the tail rudder?
No im not a pilot at all but im just wondering why he kept at full left rudder even after the plane was oriented forwards?
I would have pissed myself if i was the one landing the plane...
10+ Million clicks. Congrats, in merely 5+ days, or less than 6 if you want!!
Pilot to traffic control :I wonder if you know how they live in Tokyo, if you see me then you mean it, then you know you have to go RASA MANIAAA DRIFT DRIFT DRIFT .
i can see dirt on your sensor
Get that crate down before BA wakes up, he hates flying!
Passanger: that was a shit landing\nCaption: but did you die?
Bit of yaw overcontrol/PIO, wouldn't you say??  Badly needs some computer augmentation for on the ground steering, I would say, after watching this, before the next such sequence goes divergent (this one got close).  It could do a MUCH better job than that.  If you don't believe it, watch something like the SpaceX rocket land on its moving platform, and let these, or any other pilots/glamers try to balance THAT equivalent BB on the head of a pin system, even after hundreds of hours on simulators, ain't gonna happen.   The SpaceX rocket has done it successfully ten times in a row, now.  You just can't beat decision making and control inputs that happen billions or thousands of times faster, respectively.  With respect for, and hats off to the pilots, that's my engineering take on this.
I wish I were in that flight to experience that thrill of a moment.
It is like a sports car drift. Good job. Skilled pilots
I would realy like to know what the passengars thought during the Arrival today at Düsseldorf.\nI guess that could be Hello tomorrow - a comforting thought there will be still a tomorrow for them. ;)
Amazing job by the pilots
This is a legendary pilot he definitely deserves some respect and recognition for this...
You know I'm glad that we as subscribers have seen the video before those news channels and reporters blabla. They just rip your video without giving you any credit and that ofcourse is not nice because, I know, that, as a planespotter you make alot of effort to go spotting. Have a nice day/afternoon/night 🤘📸🛫
Hats off to the pilot 🙏
Ok let’s clear some shit up \nThat was actually a shitty landing, he should of did a go around immediately. It wasn’t gusting or anything it was the inflected by the pilot.\nI’m surprised the wheels didn’t come off that plane!!\nThe pilot on this flight was on training and he actually got grounded after this FYI.
What r u all thinking what awesome landing it was. U must be so stupid. It nearly ended in disaster. The pilot is an idiot. Still in the air the plane was rough and he should have done a go-around. No clear in mind pilot lands such a value of human life's in such conditions.
You could feel the peoples hearts drop when it drifted.
This dude is drifting with plane
Very bad landing by the pilot. He didn't properly control the aircraft against the cross wind during the final phase of the landing, especially just before touching the ground
I'm not sure I agree with the 'skilled pilots' comment. The landing is a classic example of over correction, and if you notice the rudder is split a number of times during the approach. That indicates the pilots are pushing on different pedals at the same time.
What this is called is Pilot Induced Oscillation or PIO. It's when a pilot gets into a sequence of overcorrections. Look at all that rudder he's putting in.  It's was extremely gusty and as he touched down the pilot overcorrect with left rudder they overcorrect the left rudder with too much right then overcorrect the right back left! Finally the pilot makes a moderate correction and holds it allowing the aircraft to stabilize to dampen out the oscillation. Don't worry though the airplane is built extremely well and designed to handle much more stress than this.
F
incredible moment captured!
Pilot will be like Le jaaye mujhe kaha hawaaye hawaaye
https://youtu.be/UPxxYmc2vDo
I bet the pilot was shouting ssssssshhhhhhhiiiiiiiiittttttttt
G

roS6oFjCDhc,ood landing
Drunk A380
Viral vid!, well done mate!
So I accidently switch my YouTube to Germany and this is #1 on Trending??? Lmfao
sittin sideways, peelin tires like a baws !! bet every single one aboard in that plane skid marked their underpants
Extraordinary pilots. Avesome & Amazing work. Congratulations. 😇🙏😅😳😀😧😮😲.😁😀😃 from México 🇲🇽 city.
Wow, the name of the plane is Emires? Because could this plane is a bomb. e.e
Initial D: Plane Stage
OMG 10 Million Views In 5 Days :O
#DRIFTER
Clean your lens and sesnsor.
Respect!
Hardly  unbelievable.
2:22 The thing goes SKKRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRERRRAAAAAA PAPAPAPAPA
Emirates airlines ofcourse= exellence
Drifty
Maa ka bhosada madarchod koi nagarpalika ko bulao bhosadiwale gaddha bheje xD Desh baad me surakshit hoga phele runway surakshit karao inki maa ko chode mdarchodan ki :v
what a drift
Yeeeee Haawwwwwwwwwwwwww
AirDraft 101
Great job pilots.
Drift king
EXCELLENT PILOTS!!
why was this trending
Well done pilot!
Fucking trump
+Komskills check this out....
🇦🇪🇦🇪🇦🇪🇦🇪🇦🇪❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
*Holy* *fuck* - ML
This was really scary..i was in the flight with my 8 years old son.thanks to the pilot's they handle the situation so well..i feel so thrilled watching this clips
that pilot deserves a bonus this month
Screw that. And when you add to it the fact that the A380 can't dump excess fuel, you have a recipe for disaster.
I thought the entire approach was incredible. That big bird catches a lot of wind. The pilots earned there  years salary on that landing alone.
I.R.O. the Pilots good efforts as can be seen in landing and take off, i would not like to be in their seat. Well done.\nI think that we all miss the point.\nThere is a major problem with the Wind direction at Dusseldorf. The Runway needs to be aligned to accommodate the cross wind..
Respect to the pilot!
Now teach THAT to an auto pilot! This is why I would never prefer an unmanned airplane! Mad skills!!
GOOD WORK PILOTS
i dont know shit about aviation but i know a hero when i see one :D
That looked like a helicopter landing yet it was the biggest plane in the world.
follow me on stuff in the description rawr XD lololol edgy
If you have a girl cat that isn't fixed. She will meow for a good 5 minutes too
I asked Google to show me a video it sent me here
This is my cat 24/7 LMAOOOOO
What am I doing at one in the morning watching this I have school tomorrow
the scream fucking killed me
Had my volume all the way up from listening to asmr then went to this. Bad decision.
I'm sick of seeing this as a recommended video!!!
That’s why I bought dogs
