I loved this! Such a wonderful, positive video 💕
I love thrifting and I would love to see more videos on this topic! Great video! I love all your videos!
More videos like this please!!!!
The blue dress is my favorite, but I also love the earrings and choker that you have on! Blue is my favorite color and was the color of my bridesmaids dresses at my wedding 13 years ago! My daughter has always had a hard time finding shoes. She also has skinny feet, especially at her heels. Finding her shoes when she was a kid was an absolute nightmnare.
That floral dress fits so well it looks tailored. You look fantastic
Absolutely nothing wrong with your modeling skills, Rebecca. Very nicely presented. The blue at 4.50 looked great! Your 10+ years of making YT videos is indeed showing. You're doing an excellent job filming and editing!
I like the wooden cat, My GFs grandpa used to carve little monkeys out of peach pits for her and now that he is gone they feel so precious. I wonder who carved your cat.
You look absolutely stunning in those blue dresses!
Wow I have that same wooden cat!! I wonder where they originally came from... 😮
Good Morning from America Rebecca <3
I love it!
<3 <3 <3
#45 on trending!!’
Your trending
More Asmr i pray , x
Your voice is so damn calming.
Wow you're super Cute
Beautiful beckie I LOVE YOU beckie🍎
You look very elegant.
You're trending! Well done :)
Everything is so cute 💖💖💖
Te diré eres hermosa desde una lengua que no entiendes xD
I used to do pricing in charity shop and it all goes on brands, the better the brand and the hight quality/condition the higher the price
BECKYYYY you don‘t have to use silver cleaner! Just put a piece of aluminum foil and some normal salt inside a bowl with warm water and add the silver jewelery. Let it sit for 10min no longer than 20 - et voila!
Terrible modeling skills.  You take that back!\nYou are amazing!\nAll the outfits were spot on!\nI've said it to you before. You should pursue modeling and/or spokesmodel jobs.\nYour voice is incredible. That smile. To die for.\nThat hairstyle. Awesome! No one would know about your condition.\nDoes anyone else out there think the same thing?\n\nGreat video Beckie!\n👍👍
I love the trousers you were wearing when you showed the watch, but all of the thrifted stuff looks great too
When did you go to the Isle of Wight? I live there, the charity shops are quite expensive which is a shame. :)
I love the blue skirt ! Also, you look amazing un the blue dress !\nHave a nice day Rebecca !
Beckie, I feel you my feet are exactly the same too long and thin , I walk weird and i have small ankles so most shoes are too big around the ankle .
the Thrift Shops are so expensive where I live...
Hmm that wooden cat is brilliant and has given me an idea to try to make a dog version
I wish I could thrift like you do! But as someone who’s considered ‘plus size’ for most clothes it’s harder to find clothes at all
I love bracelets but it is hard to find a bracelet that fits without running up and down my wrists cause I have thin wrists like you.
Are charity shops like antique stores? Sorry I'm not too familiar with the British lingo :P hahaha I've just never heard them called that! Great video as always Rebecca! :)
Did you say Clacton and Jaywick?!!!!
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?94226667
The video is fascinating 🙈
she's so pretty
She's really grown as an artist. I like her newer songs more than her older. I know that's just a matter of personal taste, but generally speaking, for most artists the opposite seems to be true, that what's generally regarded as their best or most influential work is some of their earliest. I think St. Vincent's going to do great things, on top of the great things she's already done.
I found you from a bobs burger video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iTcQ6-z2rw
I love that orange reference to Trump at 0:12
I saw her perform this song on stage in an evening gown, and really didn't like it.  But this is very good.
Reminds me of this as well\nhttps://www.instagram.com/toiletpapermagazineofficial/?hl=en
1 - strange mercy\n2 - severed crossed fingers \n3 - digital witness\n4 - marrow \n5 - cruel \n\n---------- wanted to do a top 5 st vincent songs lol this is great though i like her a lot not keen on the album cover though of her arse bent over - nice bum and stuff but rather have her face on the cover
that beat really reminds me of Nine Inch Nails The Great Destroyer
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven! He died and arose from the dead to give us eternal life.*
This song is excellent and it is friday night....haha.
This album is going to be immense. Can't wait
That is no fair being that beautiful and talented too. I love everything Annie does, she is a rare talent. She could skate by on her beauty, but she is a hard working woman. She has totally earned everything she's got.
ALL ABOARD!\nhttps://youtu.be/4iYBvh5_tlQ
Your blues Vincent!!! Your blues!!!!
Nice Gams, Mrs. Robinson!
kundalini express...
Such a sexy song and video. Amazing stuff!
☯ ♪♫•*¨*•.¸¸Love it
I like the fact I'm sponsoring Annie by drinking redbull, thats a good deal !!
She’s gunna wreck us so hard with this album omg
I miss the era of St vincent’s “Marry Me”. I ve alwwys wanted the dark humor yet poignant side of her. Witty and just haunting . Same with “Landmines”. Plsss stvincent!
The A E S T H E T I C on the video makes it even better. So ready for Masseduction
I can’t wait annie to win like 20 Grammys for this album
3:14 makes me to imagen the perfect sweet & nasty fantasy.  Yeahhhh!!!
What Goldfrapp should be sounding like today.
1:29 is that who I think it is?! OAO
this sounds so much like The Kills, so good
If I were more of a lesbian Annie would totally dig me.  I saw her last year, killer
in partnership with my blue balls
if trent reznor had been born xx instead of xy.
Did any notice the Brazil (movie) reference in the video or is it just me?
her normal person costume is great
St. Vincent's songs Also music videos are pure art !!!! 💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥
A E S T H E T I C
at the very end, meeting David Byrne did not help out
Man, she's really serving on the aesthetics this era
kind of a chanel advert from terry gilliams brazil
I love how when she winks it's just a blink. <3
Well that was artsy. I want cake now.
This song explains my life in vivid detail.
Hot damn what a track
I WOULD DO ANYTHING FOR HER (WDSLM) youtu.be/MYm9bJUHN08  #stvincentfan
somebody knows which are that glasses??? pleaseee
Definitely her biggest chorus, this one might be the one to cross over to pop radio
Our queen, Annie, is just one of those people that just looks better with age. Annie is only 35 now but she looks amazing!!!
I kinda miss when Annie used to shred on her guitar. I don't really hear any of her in the music anymore beside her humor
all I need in life are more white musicians that aren't afraid to use bass😍😍😍😍
why is it only new music that trends on YT, get some old music trending!
best finest surgeon\ncome cut me open\n\n\nam i the only one who thought of that song watching the video
This particular video clip contains huge procedures.Search for: rubixcube magxxx in google.
I'm going to meet this person one day.
Simply go to google and type: *gexxguides* You will receive the only working clash of clans working tool in 2017
No #Orange. Better that that ass pic!
It would be an honour for St Vincent to step over my face in those heels
How do you describe this unique guitar sound??
i demand a collab with helen marnie of ladytron please
St. Vincent did that. \nLos Angeles = cancelled \nEveryone ageless and shook
my WIGGGGG
I'm obsessed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bnx95KyQEAA Brazil (2/10) Movie CLIP - Plastic Surgery (1985) HD
Homo Deus, anyone??
god
Sweetest kiss in warsaw 2014 <3
Totally got the vision
lol i love redbull
Ugh Annie is too fabulous! 💋
good
I repeat: http://christtoandandrew.tumblr.com/
Amazing
i love you
3:04 Live giraffe birth
her videos get weirder
Sexy Woman Marry me
Slick. Sexy. Cool.
Just great👏👏👏👏
bae
nice puffy nips 1:23
2:52 <3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4r35Pi_9UA
YES YES YES
Tumblr sent me here....
2017 hmm 38th on trending ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED 1738
pretty terrible grocery store muzak
I'm SHOOK
Good thing she's hot or she'd be waiting tables.   Love how they use irony to get away with the fact that she has to prostitute herself in rubber bikinis to get anyone to watch this shit.  - I guess she's empowering herself by acting like a whore.  Oh, and make sure to cash in on the lesbian trend.  Find out where the crowd is moving then run in front and pretend like your leading it.  -  Offensively mediocre pretentious garbage for lemmings and teenagers.
Annie has lost her soul. I new it was going to happend because she chose to become a celebrity. Now she's just like any new pop star out the big money music factory. I hope she finds herself again.
0:49 BRAZIL !
She'll end up eating her own words with this one. 35 years old is a wonderful age....anyone care to bet at what age she'll succumb to Botox ?...facelift ?.....nip and tuck ?.... increase in popularity = increase in vanity.
Sarkistic talent with taste. Such a mess)) but I feel in love ... I'm going to masturbate ...
She seems more focused on cultivating the St Vincent persona than writing great music\n\nGreat chorus though
This is very unhappy music
Face stretch scene is from Brazil. It's good but I like St. V older stuff.
the irony here is she is becoming everything she hates
The production is awful. The song writing is here or there, but getting Taylor Swift's producer wasn't worth it. :(
She can punch me in the face and I'd thank her.
Love this song, to bad it only has 300'00
she sold out
Adam = Adam\nConsortium = Heaven\nTreason = Eating the fruit\nBeing kicked out of the Consortium = Adam being kicked from Heaven to the Earth.
P.s.: oats studio please include the song with lyrics saying:How can the war have already been won before the war has already begun with the previeous comment of mine tonight today of october 7th and 8th; approximately;2,017 ad i guess...and thankyou for doing so! Signed respectfully...signed meow...
@0.34 i was thinking of Dark Souls movie?!
I don't even care if the entire movie is made from the unity engine, I want it.
The human body is obsolete....
For God's sake, this has to turn into a game, please.
Where is the game though!
Dude. Fucking dude. We need a movie or game or something of this. This world is just too tantalizing
where is the movie !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Like us... Curious: 2:45 is chinese?
I'm so glad they made a sequel.
This NEEDS to be a game or movie at some point. Holy cow. So much atmosphere.
idk how the heck i get here,but i love it
WHOA! I remember seeing the first Adam video and wishing there was more. This is pretty cool.
this needs to keep going where can i donate $
Love it! Amazing story so far <3
OMG YOU ACTUALLY MADE MORE?! GOD BLESS YOU!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️😭😭😭😭😭🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
This is just amazing! Unbelievable work.
Can u guys just make a movie
Holy shit dude! You actually did this!!
This should totally be a game. We need more things with the intrigue this has. Not all these dime a dozen pvp games. I miss games with an amazing, deep, compelling story that this could have the potential for.
Is this uh a game or something,
it might not look as good as CGI but damn that looks impressive for a game engine
I was wondering what happened with the story of the previous shortfilm, the first time i saw it, it  was majestic, thought it was a closed project. Amazing to see they continue it, keep up!
Is this a series a movie or a game because I really want to know
hey neill blomkamp, make this in a movies, like district 9 and chappi \n\n please please please
Looks pretty fake to me. Pretty sure this is CGI.
it's insane there aren't more subscribed to this shit
Make a fucking movie. This shit has got me wanting to know more!!!!
I think a much simpler reason for why the Consortium would go so far to put brains in robots, wipe their memories and release them into the open instead of just killing them off, is that they are being used to scout the lands without them knowing.\n\n- From what is seen in this chapter and the previous one, it's obvious that the world lies in ruins.\n- The lands are on fire and there are sandstorms as well (most likely many other natural disasters keep occurring all the time everywhere).\n- Tacoma city is surrounded by huge walls to protect the people from these natural hazards (and maybe more).\n- It is possible that some kind of virus or pathogen is airborne as well (the guards in the first chapter were all wearing surgical masks outside), which is making it very difficult for humans to stay long outside cities walls.\n- There aren't many people left alive. Needalus expresses this indirectly by saying that one convicted felon saves 10 people. Not 1000's, not 100's, but 10!\n\nMy take on this is that it's the end of the world and  the human population is dwindling. The Consortium is trying to elongate the lives of those within city walls by capturing felons and harvesting their bodies to be used for organ transplants, while turning the felons into aimless drones that walk the lands. They don't need food or air, are immune to disease and can withstand most natural hazards and extreme temperatures. All the while, their bodies are equipped with some kind of tracker with a signal transmitter or perhaps they send live video feed through their eyes back to the City/Consortium. This helps the Consortium in exploring the world outside the city in hope of finding resources, answers, other cities, whatever, without risking the (good) people.\nWhen Needalus first arrives in the first chapter to the city walls to meet the androids, he triggers something with his stick and points his palm at the androids, disabling their screens in the process. It is highly likely that he knows about the tracking devices planted in the androids and found a way to disable them before taking the androids away and risk the Consortium discovering their safe zone where the Mirror is hiding; and maybe there's even a whole city where these androids survive.
A 3d person game would also be awesome!
Oh my God that was amazing. Sounds like Adam has valuable memories 🤔
Please create a game set in this world, with only two videos you created what it seems to be a really deep world and the hype is already high even if these are only videos
WHAT A COOL work, and the music was pretty nice to
Is it a game or a movie? XD
We need to make this into a game
This gives me a warframe feeling
GOD WE WERE WAITING FOR SO LOOOONG
Start a kickstarter if you need to. I'd absolutely pay to see this come to life as a game or a movie.
wow didnt want that to end amazing bit of storytelling.
Woah this was really cool, but why were the robots breathing?
technically perfect demonstration of realtime rendering. storywise its hard to tell a dramatic conflict with characters that have no expression at all.
Is this for a game or something?
Unity game engine is really powerful
I need a game .. now !!!!!!!!!
Wow i want to see more.
neil is killing it. his brain is on fire right now
what is that music at 4:40?
Ok, now lower the price of corantefx. You guys are wrong for increasing the price like that.
Is it a movie or a game either way I wanna see the rest
You should set up a kickstarter and get funded for a series/videogame. I know I'd pay!
So one more year for another Chapter?   nooooo!!
soundtrack please, especially at the end
Awesome video!!! I have watched this in 1440p and it's amazing to watch.
All I want for Christmas is a firebase sequel, OATS
Stop teasing us. Give it to us now.
AAA Studios. Change your name :p
I have a theory. Adam is either Max from Elysium in the future or Wikus from District 9 after Christopher turns him back into a human.
don't tell me I need to wait another full year , like from the first episode last year, for the next part??!!!!
I want a game
HOLY FUCK SOMEONE NEEDS TO FUND THIS SHIT RIGHT NOW
If you could make more of this that would be great
Has Blomkampf never head of ‘show, don’t tell’? The only dialogue was exposition.
Now imagine if youtube didn't compress it
Sees Adam. Thinks: isn't that the unity GDC tech demo? Sees uploader. Clicks
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? YOU 'VE ENDED IT THERE????\nI WILL FUCKING LYNCH YOU!
The mirror voice is really familiar, I've have heard it before in some kind of sci-fi movie...
I thought Adam was just a tech demo? Why is there a part two? Is it supposed to be a short film or something? One video every couple years?
awesome its brain blasting concept and now in development
Are the Robots breathing? I don't think they would need oxygen.
The next chapter arrives soon. THE NEXT CHAPTER ARRIVES SOON!!!!!!
When are they turning this into a game?
A follow-up to this can't come soon enough. :,)
Please tell me there's going to be a part 3
Why is the camera always shaking though?
we want the serial movies for this..!!
🎬📽ADAM: THE MIRROR wasn't like ANYTHING I've ever seen before in 7 minutes on Film or TV. Many Screenwriter's/Director's/Producer's/Movie Distribution Co.'s, etc. should be foaming at the mouth. After watching these Incredible & Artistic craftmanship of Cinematography. They should all be blowing up Blomkamp's phone & #OatsStudio with High Interest, Motivation & Inspiration to implement themselves into these AWESOME Productions. Or, become involved anyway they can. To recreate, and/or ready to build off of these Unprecedented 'Short Film Projects' distributed onto YouTube. I'd be ready to go full force with some big budget productions. I'm ready & excited to see some Full Length Feature Films in the near future. Ever since the very first project was released. #NeillBlomkamp, you're such a Creative Genius. With Savvy work that speaks volumes. A mind blowing product. A cool & unusual step outside of reality into another realm!  Blomkamp & his Camp are on fire! ...Are you impressed so far?
Loved this!
Man wtf more please
Love your work guys!
This is so badass
Amazing work guys !!! Go UNITY !!!!!
did hideo kojima direct this
Brilliant.
Androids breathing?
Why is robot panting?
these are awesome
Incredibly incredible.
Awesome
OMFG MORE!!!!
damn , Lorne Balfe gave this a godlike synth soundtrack .
i want distric 10 now pls Neill
Just beautiful
*Brilliant!* Loved it.
Cool game.
Always loved a sequel
goddamn it pls accept the vietnamese subtities
SOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
GET WREKED UNREAL!!!
Lmao this sucks dude
That was so good it almost made me cry
I'm sorry but you definitely do not deserve seven million subscribers
This makes autumn look like such an alive season, thank you. This is really beautiful
Marzia I love your aesthetic with everything you do. You definately have the heart and eye of a designer, everything seems carefully thought about and looks so beautiful! May I ask what are the berries at the beginning of the video, we dont have anything like those here in Canada! Wishing you a happy autumn, its the best time of year!!
This felt like a Wes Anderson short!!
Marzi u are so pretty pews is to but you omg☺️
i love the music!
Hi Marzia, I am looking into learning Interior Design on the side of college courses, and I was wondering what software or program you are/were using to learn interior design? Did you enjoy it? Was it what you expected it to be? are you still perusing ID?  Will you or have you taken an ID Certification exam? You're so inspirational and lovely, Thank You! <3
i love autumn! And you ♥
The thanks for watching ruined it. LOL
very beautiful and nice video Marzia. thank you.
It was simple, beautiful and aestheticly pleasing. Love it!
Marzia During Fall: *makes fun cute autumn video*\nFelix during Fall: *screaming at screen*
I love marzia cause she is so trendy and cool and nice and sometimes we see her butt :)
This video was named after me 😂  my name's Autumn
WHY EVERYTHING IN HER VIDEOS ARE CUTE AND SMOOTH AND MAGIC AND UNICORN 😩💕💕💕
I love your hair
So sweet~~
Marzia, the cinematography in your videos is always so good! How you did it?
I recently got a beret, i look like a dork wearing it.  PLeAse TEACH USSS ;-;
This video is so relaxing and cute! Thank you Marzia >///<
I Love your videos, you are so cuuuteeee❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love how calm these videos are. I can relax my mind in this minute
Always makes me happy! Love your videos~~
You make the cutest and most stylish videos on youtube ❤
This legit looks like comercial material. Good stuff.
I want Felix to marry u already
I have no idea if Maria will see this, but I want her to see this comment and know how she is an inspiration to me and probably many others. A couple of years ago I stumbled across her videos, I wasn't  the happiest person ever, I have very bad anxiety, depression, and a very low self esteem. When I watched Marzia videos I felt inspired, she was happy to be who she was and I wanted to be like that, so I started to talk to more people and even started to express who I was, I met a boy and we been together for almost a year now. I still have bad anxiety because of what has happened to me this year, so I wanted to let her know how much she was an inspiration she is to me. So, thank you Marzia :3
You're so lucky it's Autumn. We just had a hot winter and are heading for an even hotter summer. We're all gonna die 😳
I love how perfect for autumn ur hair is!
I love it...\n\nalso this make me sad in the part of felix and marzia pictures, they look so cute...  i feel alone :(
Felix can you just marry her already
Does someone knows where this is? It's gorgeous 😍
Beautiful. Amazing
I love Autumn & It's a Great Video to relax to mind ♡♡ it.
This is so aesthetically pleasing
Happy birthday! (Don't know for sure)👅👅👅
those pics of u and felix im dead theyre so cute
These little videos are so cute
I like how her videos are made like this and are beautiful and interesting while pewdiepie is him screaming at a camera trying not to laugh
WHY ARE YOU NOT VERIFIED?
With all do respect you're hot. Pewds must have a huge 50 inch cock to make you stick with him or you both are just a cute happy nice couple. I prefer the first one.
Marzia and Felix Birthday is soon coming up!
OOF
queen
Как это мило ♥ Cute ^-^
Your videos make me feel at peace ╰(*´︶`*)╯♡
i feel like you alone can do the job of whole commercials studio
My soul is at ease watching this video
She's so beautiful ❤️
feel like you in the fantasy.
I wanna know more about your tattoos, can you tell us more about it ?\nIf you want too like my comment so marzia can see it !!
Yo jake Paul is selling his lambo here watch dont skip ad https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhZ-wswwxKI&t=43s
ughh... this is so esthetic.
beautiful video Marzia!!!
GET YOUR TITS OUT FOR AUTSUMNSNNSNN
Loooveee iitt
that was beautiful
this is so cuteee
Is this hipster style?
Alternate title: Brilliant aesthetic and calming music = succsess!
verify your channel
like a comrshial
Awww this is so cute
awesome montage.
<3
I cried
Perfect!
Very nice indeed 🍂🍁
Watching marzia's videos always makes me wanna clean my room for some reason. Probably because they look so fresh and clean all the time. 
Felix brought me here.
GODDAMNIT STOP BEING SO FUCKING CUTE, FUCK
wew what a cinematic shotes
what is this
Marzia farai mai un video in italiano ?
Qui a Brescia ce lo sognamo un autunno così...\n\n\n\nPerò bel video.
mi piacciono un sacco o tuoi video con questo stile :)
This is how Felix sees his Marzia :> just beautiful
YOU FORGOT THE CAPITAL LETTER FOR AUTUMN RICEGUM4LIFE
Who else thinks that Marzia kind of looks like Natalie Portman?
Wow this is really some fine piece of ART! I love it. You can really see how much you are into making videos. Fantastic!
Mama marzia!
Omg your videos always make me so happy on the inside💐😍it’s like a heartwarming feeling that the world really does have good in it and your one of them😢💕
So pleasing to the eyes 😍 Love you 💕
very nice!
Did you guys already go to the Philippines? If not, can you go there? Please!!! It's ok if not but if you consider it I want you to go to Palawan where blue grass, pink mushrooms, colorful plants, and a very big plant named pitcher plant its bigger than Edgar and maya combined even if I'm only ten I would love to be the tour guide that's my dream if I grow up hope you see this!!! And always remember\n\n*I LOVE YOU!!*
Why is your channel dying?
One of the things i love about Marzia's channel is that her videos have very positive vibes!!\nThank you for making my day😊😊😊
those polaroids killed me
Beautifully made
SO PRETTY!!! Love this kind of atmospheric videos!
This video makes me fall in love with life
THESE ARE SO BEAUTIFUL IM SIDJFIKSA
You bring the Fall vibes to the next level! 👏🏻
I need autumn here in Spaiinnnn!! Beautiful video♥
Can you have a pet betta fish
Why are you SO cute 😩💕🍂
P@ssw0rd
I’m 26
Marzia its snowing here in mongolia so its basicly winter lol
Amen preach it Trae!   If anyone can convince these right wing gun nuts it’s you.  Something has to change.
New to your channel, subscribed to your podcast the other day. GOTTA do a round 3 with Earl. That dudes got some awesome stories. Even preordered your guy's book. Keep killin it brother! Thx for all u do from Ks!
Did you know that over two thirds of all gun deaths in the United States are suicides?\n\nMentally unstable people don't need guns. They need help.
The only one that benefits when there is a mass shooting is.\n\nGun Manufacturers
SPEAKING THE FUCKING TRUTH BROTHER
Congratulations on the show getting picked up!
I consider myself more conservative and I've always believed in making it more difficult  to own a gun. I don't believe guns should sold privately. Guns should not be transferable to another. They should not be passed down or given as gifts. Only a person without felonies and who has a background check and mental evaluation should be able to own a gun. Immigrants here on visas of any kind should not own guns. By gun, I mean a hunting rifle like a 30 06, 30-30, a shotgun, and pistol no larger than a 9mm. Extended magazines should be illegal and should not be able to fire more than six rounds without reloading. Anything that can modify it from its original manufacturers' condition should be illegal. Scopes should be illegal. Bump stocks should be illegal. If found guilty of possessing any contraband, a violator should be punished by a life sentence without parole.
Trae, Love you man. You continue to speak truth to power and ignorance. \n\nAs a health professional and blood banker i have dealt with my share of gun shot wound patient's.  There is nothing glamorous or patriotic about having guns that are solely designed for murdering people. I wish these right wing gun nuts could see just a few times what people and families really go through after gun violence.  I also want to applaud and pay respect to the first responders and health professionals that took care of all of the Las Vegas victims.  As a blood banker, I know from experience what trying to take care of one gun shot wound victim can be like in the hospital setting. I simply cannot fathom the absolute chaos that occurred last sunday night in vegas.   Please thank your first responders and health care workers... for you know not how many hours days weeks and years they have studied and worked to take care of you in normal times, let alone the hell that was vegas last weekend.\n\nI have no problem with a guy owning a rifle to hunt with or for around the farm.  The rest of the firearms should be forcibly taken.. If guys have small endowments and need a cold steel penis let them join a well regulated militia like the army navy air force or marines.
Blood on their hands? When 's the last time a member of the NRA went on a shooting rampage? Let me help you out...NONE. The NRA is the only group that constantly gets blamed for shit none of their members had any part of.\n\nMEANWHILE...\n\nislamic hate preachers spew their vitriol in the streets of the US both before and after their actual members commit some of the worst atrocities our country has ever seen and YET liberals say, oh well, you can't blame the religion for something a few bad eggs did.\n\nPharmaceutical companies flood America with their poison (much of which is actually more addictive than heroin) killing far more Americans than guns ever have. YET, none of these self-proclaimed liberals make a peep about more regulations on Big Pharma. Why? Because it happens at a trickle and Big Pharma pays enough so that it never makes the nightly news.\n\nMore than 80,000 Americans die each year from alcohol-related causes, YET nothing from liberals about putting more restrictions on alcohol. \n\nReason being...liberals aren't driven by facts, they're driven by emotion. Which makes being a liberal redneck a bigger oxymoron than jumbo shrimp.
Important and resonate message.  Thank you.
Why do democrats want to disarm Americans? The same reason Hitler, Stalin, and Mao did, to murder their enemies, the Christians.
Gun Control is not the Gun Banned ! What is the problem?
Trae! Love yer stuff, buddy. But I have to take issue with one small thing you said. \nLiteral arsenal. Tell me please, how many weapons does it take to justify the use of the word arsenal? I have about a dozen. Is that an arsenal? My collection is actually paltry compared to some. To me, an arsenal would comprise hundreds of weapons. \n\nI know. This is a petty point compared to the loss of hundreds of lives. But when I hear the news describing any amount of weapons more than a few as an arsenal, it rankles. \n\nLove yer stuff, buddy. Keep it comin'. Oh, by the way, I have thousands of rounds of ammunition too. You need about that much to have a decent beer can shooting party.
What's your plan? What are we gonna try?
Wow. That was pretty intense, love it.
Amen Brother..! Clinton & Obama held office for 16 years.. & not a single gun was confiscated..   still everyone in my State shake in their boots over losing their guns..
There are 30,000 gun related deaths per year by firearms, and this number is not disputed. The U.S. population is 324,059,091 as of June 22, 2016. Do the math: 0.000000925% of the population dies from gun related actions each year. Statistically speaking, this is insignificant! What is never told, however, is a breakdown of those 30,000 deaths, to put them in perspective as compared to other causes of death:\n• 65% of those deaths are by suicide, which would never be prevented by gun laws.\n• 15% are by law enforcement in the line of duty and justified.\n• 17% are through criminal activity, gang and drug related or mentally ill persons – better known as gun violence.\n• 3% are accidental discharge deaths.\nSo technically, gun violence is not 30,000 annually, but drops to 5,100. Still too many? Now lets look at how those deaths spanned across the nation.\n• 762 homicides (9.4%) were in Chicago\n• 344 homicides (6.7%) were in Baltimore\n• 333 homicides (6.5%) were in Detroit\n• 119 homicides (2.3%) were in Washington D.C. (a 54% increase over prior years)\nSo basically, 25% of all gun crime happens in just 4 cities. All 4 of those cities have strict gun laws, so it is not the lack of law that is the root cause.\nThis basically leaves 3,825 for the entire rest of the nation, or about 75 deaths per state. That is an average because some States have much higher rates than others. For example, California had 1,169 and Alabama had 1.\nNow, who has the strictest gun laws by far? California, of course, but understand, it is not guns causing this. It is a crime rate spawned by the number of criminal persons residing in those cities and states. So if all cities and states are not created equal, then there must be something other than the tool causing the gun deaths.\nAre 5,100 deaths per year horrific? How about in comparison to other deaths? All death is sad and especially so when it is in the commission of a crime but that is the nature of crime. Robbery, death, rape, assault are all done by criminals. It is ludicrous to think that criminals will obey laws. That is why they are called criminals.\nBut what about other deaths each year?\n• 40,000+ die from a drug overdose–THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THAT!\n• 36,000 people die per year from the flu, far exceeding the criminal gun deaths.\n• 34,000 people die per year in traffic fatalities(exceeding gun deaths even if you include suicide).\nNow it gets good:\n• 200,000+ people die each year (and growing) from preventable medical errors. You are safer walking in the worst areas of Chicago than you are when you are in a hospital!\n• 710,000 people die per year from heart disease. It’s time to stop the double cheeseburgers! So what is the point? If the liberal loons and the anti-gun movement focused their attention on heart disease, even a 10% decrease in cardiac deaths would save twice the number of lives annually of all gun-related deaths (including suicide, law enforcement, etc.). A 10% reduction in medical errors would be 66% of the total number of gun deaths or 4 times the number of criminal homicides ................ Simple, easily preventable 10% reductions! So you have to ask yourself, in the grand scheme of things, why the focus on guns? It's pretty simple:\nTaking away guns gives control to governments. The founders of this nation knew that regardless of the form of government, those in power may become corrupt and seek to rule as the British did by trying to disarm the populace of the colonies. It is not difficult to understand that a disarmed populace is a controlled populace.\nThus, the second amendment was proudly and boldly included in the U.S. Constitution. It must be preserved at all costs. So the next time someone tries to tell you that gun control is about saving lives, look at these facts and remember these words from Noah Webster: Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed. We now know what they're trying to do
This bro a true OG
Thank you, John Wayne Jr, well it's  how I feel when someone stands up for what is right. Thanks for using your talent and humanity to help all of us. Take care
I'm surprised that bump stocks and drum mags are legal. Literally no reason for either aside from enabling mass shooters. Bump stocks are only used for rifles and the only reason for a civilian to own a rifle is for sport shooting and hunting. Bump stocks are used for full-auto fire which ruins your accuracy. You will not hit a clay target with a bump stock. You will not hit a deer with a bump stock. Unless you're suppressing multiple targets or engaging in close quarters combat (which won't happen outside a war zone), you don't need a bump stock. The odds of America being invaded are next to none. You will never need to use a bump stock.\n\nHigh capacity mags aren't needed either. If you need more than 30 rounds with a rifle, more than 15 shots with a handgun or more than 8 shots with a shotgun, that makes you a terrible shot. There is literally no reason to own a 100 round magazine other than to kill innocent people.
And again you nailed it to a tree. But one question: Why is your t-shirt on wrong side out?
YES! Thank you for this,  gives me hope.
I'm up here in Canada, horrified, yet again. I live without guns, in an area where most folks don't have guns. I know that there ARE Canadians with guns. There are folks who like to eat what they hunt, so they get the huge assault guns to take down moose, big deer, caribou. Some people who farm out in the boonies have no choice, they have to carry weapons because of coyotes or bears. Sometimes they have to put down an injured cow. But most of us just don't care to have them on our person, or in our homes. \nGuns just aren't necessary. We somehow get through our day to day existence without them. Imagine that.
Thank you for being the voice of reason.
Guns kill people, so do food additives, pharmaceuticals, as does many other items, but when the deaths are in your face we ignore all but guns. Yeah lets ignore the chemical genocide perpetrated by people like Monsanto, and cause shit for the anomaly.
The GOP is constantly yapping about being ProLife.  Yet the legislation they support, write & pass is anything but.  From denying climate change, to H.J.R 69, to Healthcare, to trying to rid The Clean Water Rule, The Migratory Bird Treaty Act, The Antiquities Act,  to DACA, to lead bullets, to this horse manure & etc., etc., etc. .....................defecating where we eat, is okay, as long as a GIANT corporation is making a buck.
consider this ...the extreme death toll in the civil war went out of expected proportion for one reason...no one understood the kills per minute the new models of cartridge amo could produce....same with any mass attack....if guns don't kill but loonies do, then remove the automatic weapons and let the looney go find a rock or a stick and see how much damage he or she can do in nine minutes at close range.....Australia has it right...that crowd of criminal's kids are some of the best fighters in the world and know when silly turns into stupid...just sayin'.
So, what's your solution?  SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED.
There are 30,000 gun related deaths per year by firearms, and this number is not disputed. The U.S. population is 324,059,091 as of June 22, 2016. Do the math: 000.000925% of the population dies from gun related actions each year. Statistically speaking, this is insignificant! What is never told, however, is a breakdown of those 30,000 deaths, to put them in perspective as compared to other causes of death:\n• 65% of those deaths are by suicide, which would never be prevented by gun laws.\n• 15% are by law enforcement in the line of duty and justified.\n• 17% are through criminal activity, gang and drug related or mentally ill persons – better known as gun violence.\n• 3% are accidental discharge deaths.\nSo technically, gun violence is not 30,000 annually, but drops to 5,100. Still too many? Now lets look at how those deaths spanned across the nation.\n• 480 homicides (9.4%) were in Chicago\n• 344 homicides (6.7%) were in Baltimore\n• 333 homicides (6.5%) were in Detroit\n• 119 homicides (2.3%) were in Washington D.C. (a 54% increase over prior years)\nSo basically, 25% of all gun crime happens in just 4 cities. All 4 of those cities have strict gun laws, so it is not the lack of law that is the root cause.\nThis basically leaves 3,825 for the entire rest of the nation, or about 75 deaths per state. That is an average because some States have much higher rates than others. For example, California had 1,169 and Alabama had 1.\nNow, who has the strictest gun laws by far? California, of course, but understand, it is not guns causing this. It is a crime rate spawned by the number of criminal persons residing in those cities and states. So if all cities and states are not created equal, then there must be something other than the tool causing the gun deaths.\nAre 5,100 deaths per year horrific? How about in comparison to other deaths? All death is sad and especially so when it is in the commission of a crime but that is the nature of crime. Robbery, death, rape, assault are all done by criminals. It is ludicrous to think that criminals will obey laws. That is why they are called criminals.\nBut what about other deaths each year?\n• 40,000+ die from a drug overdose–THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THAT!\n• 36,000 people die per year from the flu, far exceeding the criminal gun deaths.\n• 34,000 people die per year in traffic fatalities(exceeding gun deaths even if you include suicide).\nNow it gets good:\n• 200,000+ people die each year (and growing) from preventable medical errors. You are safer walking in the worst areas of Chicago than you are when you are in a hospital!\n• 710,000 people die per year from heart disease. It’s time to stop the double cheeseburgers! So what is the point? If the liberal loons and the anti-gun movement focused their attention on heart disease, even a 10% decrease in cardiac deaths would save twice the number of lives annually of all gun-related deaths (including suicide, law enforcement, etc.). A 10% reduction in medical errors would be 66% of the total number of gun deaths or 4 times the number of criminal homicides ................ Simple, easily preventable 10% reductions! So you have to ask yourself, in the grand scheme of things, why the focus on guns? It's pretty simple:\n\nTaking away guns gives control to governments. The founders of this nation knew that regardless of the form of government, those in power may become corrupt and seek to rule as the British did by trying to disarm the populace of the colonies. It is not difficult to understand that a disarmed populace is a controlled populace.\nThus, the second amendment was proudly and boldly included in the U.S. Constitution. It must be preserved at all costs. So the next time someone tries to tell you that gun control is about saving lives, look at these facts and remember these words from Noah Webster: Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed.\n\nAnd also....In 1933, the ultimate extremist group, the National Socialist Party that's the actual name of the Nazi party led by Adolf Hitler, seized power and used the records to identify, disarm, and attack political opponents and Jews. Constitutional rights were suspended, and mass searches for and seizures of guns and dissident publications ensued. Police revoked gun licenses of Social Democrats and others who were not “politically reliable.”
Thank you, thank you, thank you Trae. I've tried to reason with people al week and it's exhausting an painful. So reassuring to hear someone mirror the same commonsense logic we know.\nSadly even liberals are giving up, even when they could be the next victim.\nIm not American. I'm from NewZealand. When I was eleven this guy went berzerko and dispatched 16 people. I wa lucky, as a kid it was pivitol. When kids think How can people do that to people? The grown ups FUCKING MUST deliver for those kids that they have the right to a world without mass murders.\nThen we just bit down on the belt and cut off the gangrenous limb. It was strightforward and done in under 6 months. Common sense Gun Control. A gov buyback and amnesty got rid of all the now illegal guns. Hunters could still get license for rifles and shotty's. Farmers all still have'em. But the licenses mean business and they're not to be fucked with. No BS joytoys aloud but. No pistols no semis or full autos.\nThat was33 years ago, we haven't had a triple gundeath since.
You're hilarious on your podcast. Peeps should go check it out 💜
I cant wait for your bump fire ban video so i can make u look like more of a  fake redneck fucking idiot where's your heart felt message when 102 where shot on a 4th of July in Chicago yea wasn't a white shooter watch 1st 48 if u want to know where most violent gun crimes come from look at my NFL protest video I just went and got a brand-new jersey do to the fact I didn't own one everything about you is fake u can only pass this of on sheep libtards that can't think for theme selves I know you were sure as shit safe because you wouldn't be any where near a country concert
Love it, Trae. Agree with you 100%!
I think you're HILARIOUS !!  It is TRUE that 74% of Domestic Terrorists are WHITE MEN.  Check Google.
Over 500 people here in Vegas got introduced up close and personal to the 2nd amendment...I think the right to live out weighs the right to be a toy soldier....
your right, it ain't funny. it's so sad. w
I agree we need to do something
Guns don't kill people... people kill people.
Amen, little brother. When a nutjob shoots some congressmen, will THAT be the right time to talk about it?
What gun law would have stopped this man?
From Australia.wonderfully said my friend.
90+ people die from gun viloence *every day* in the US. More than 200 are injured.\n\nIn California, in order to drive a car, you must spend 25 hours of classroom time and six hours behind the wheel with an instructor. Then you must get a learner's permit and are required to have an adult licensed driver over the age of 25 with you whenever you're behind the wheel. After that, you must take a written test and flawlessly pass a practical test before you are legally allowed to drive on your own. You are also required to carry liability insurance for each passenger vehicle you own.\n\nIn 36 US states, there are no legal requirements for gun registration, no permit needed, no license necessary to purchase and own a firearm, and nothing compelling owners to carry liability insurance.
WHY NO GUN CONTROL? THE GIANT KOCH OWNERS OF THE USA DON'T WANT IT, THAT'S WHY\nWhy would government by the rich and for the rich care? -- it's poor people, the future Soylent Green, gettin' shot. Not until Alistair or Wellington shoots up a Billionaire party that takes out the Koch brothers and Isle 9 of the Walton owners will the corporate owned government be told to actually allow gun controls to be a thang -- and this all because madam Porsche thinks reasonable gun control might be a nice present for Natasha's sixteenth birthday since her family got shot up and all.
It's insanity every responsible gun owner I know already hates when morons get a hold of guns why can't we come to the table on this
You just expressed exactly how I feel.
And one more thing....can I have my own personal nuclear weapon?  Pleeease?... What?  Why not?  What about MY freedom  to do whatever the hell I please?  It's my adrenaline rush, baby, I love blowing shit up.  Don't worry, I'll go to a bombing range and only launch them at targets. I know what I'm doing.  I'm pretty sure no one will break into my house and steal any of my bombs when I'm not around.  Besides, nuclear bombs don't kill people, people do...
gun license should expires like a DL, and a psych test be mandatory each time. Mental health has a bad stigma attached to it. When a person is on the edge rarely is anyone there to help..make guns illegal to stop the carnage, the war on drugs has worked SO well. (sarcasm) if you want to know what its like to have your cake but no right to eat it, take a trip to Singapore..disneyland with a death sentence.-look it up... -End of ramble.
Holy shit did you really get the go on an ABC show?! Yay!!! I hope it's true. Can't fucking wait!
From the Department of Homeland Security website: The number of Americans killed in acts of terrorism – both on U.S. soil and abroad — between 2001 and 2014 is 3,412 (including the victims of the 9/11 attacks). During the same period, 440,095 people died by firearms on U.S. soil (homicides, accidents, and suicides). In 2014, for every one American killed by an act of terrorism in the United States or abroad, 1,049 Americans died in the United States because of guns. http://www.homelandsecuritynewswire.com/dr20161005-comparing-u-s-deaths-from-terrorism-vs-gun-violence
I love you, Yeah, this IS the time to talk about it. Like Naomi Klein said, the ONLY time they want to talk about any issue is when nobody's listening.
Shooter was also a liberal. He specifically targeted conservatives at that concert.
They don't miss a beat to make it political when its a person of color or a Muslim as the perp.
This guy's a fellow liberal but a redneck and understands his people far better than me. Perhaps I'm more well spoken and college educated, but this man is profoundly smarter than me in several areas that I'm not remotely well versed on like he is. \n\nI love guns, when I go gun shopping what do I look for? I play a lot of L4D2. So I look for guns that I'd want in a zombie apocalypse. The next gun I have my sights set on is an RPK, with a 200 round belt belt fed magazine, and a bump-fire stock or a trigger hand crank. A bipod, a foregrip, and a scope, and a flash suppressor so the zombies can't see from which direction I'm firing from. I can have all this for less than $2,000.\n\nBut even as a lover of these weapons, I do find it somewhat absurd that any jackass off the street can get one of these, no questions asked.
You are trying and I appreciate that. Thank you.
The majority of gun deaths in America aren’t even homicides, let alone caused by mass shootings. Two-thirds of the more than 33,000 gun deaths that take place in the U.S. every year are suicides.
My favorite is when they say such and so is already in the law!  Oh yeah?  I guess this doesn't affect you then.  Get the fuck on board.  If it's law, we'll overwrite it with the same law and nothing changes except people can't say we didn't try something.
As a card carrying, hippy, commie, pinko who doesn't own a gun I couldn't agree with you more. In order to get my card I've had to wear a beard for 30 years. Always hard finding a good pair of scissors to occasionally trim with. Right next to my Kroger's is a salon supply store. They have REAL nice scissors. But you have to have a beauticians certificate to buy scissors at a salon supply. But I can go to one of the many pawn shops near my Kroger and buy an assault rifle or seven with my driver's license! Nope, nothing wrong here.
As much as I like your channel and content, I have to strongly disagree with you on this. You're a smart guy and have thought about the logical journey of we should just try to keep guns out of the hands of deranged people. In all cases, the deranged behavior was not noticeable in advance. You and I would be strongly against instituting Minority Report-type laws in this country. Our Constitution prohibits such laws.\n\nPeople, whether politically, religiously or mentally motivated will continue to kill people . . . some with firearms. This is a fact of life , not just here, but everywhere. To expect total safety is a stupid notion.
If a bunch of toddlers torn apart by gunfire didn't do the trick nothing will. Y'all are doomed to relive this nightmare over and over again.\nWith every new incident the chance of somebody you love being among the dead increases.\nFrom Holland, with love I wish for all the sane ones among you to be spared.
I just found you, via a thread on FB. Awesome stuff. I have a question and request...because I can see how you resonate well, could you do some over your more poignant pieces (guns, kneeling, etc.) in a cleaner version? Personally, I don't care, but I do think there are folks in my circle that would miss the message because they'd focus on the vulgar language (convenient, and true). Just a thought...you make such valid points
The Vegas shooting was, if I'm correct, the 273rd mass shooting in 2017. The day after was the 275th day of the year, so my question for those saying it's too soon to talk about it is...when in the ever-living fuck CAN we talk about it?? At this rate, there will NEVER be a right time and at this rate it will ALWAYS be too soon. Proposing common-sense solutions to prevent tragedies of this magnitude from happening in the future is NOT heartless, it's quite the opposite. What IS heartless is offering thoughts & prayers while continuing to do NOTHING. (and this is coming from a christian, y'all.) People can continue to say it's too soon to talk about it, but for thousands of families who lose their loved ones to gun violence every year in this country, it's too late.
I have an idea for a starting point: how bout we start at the top? When we can demilitarize the police, and stop our military from illegaly invading every country with their highly- advanced weaponry, then we can start talking about regulating the weaponry of the citizenry. Until then, it's ass backwards to talk about limiting the citizenry. Should the police and military be more heavily armed than those they supposedly serve? I have asked so many people about the global evidence: how many of those countries which have disarmed their people have standing armies and militarized police? Nobody has been able to answer this. \nAnd, yeah, this shit stinks to high heaven, white, black, purple, green, i don't give a rat's ass...\nI also don't believe a bunch of brown people highjacked some planes with box-cutters, and flew them into buildings unassisted, knocking down 3 towers with 2 planes and yada yada yada; but everyone just emotionally reacts, understandably, and starts talking about we need our heavily armed, aggressive, invading government to regulate our choices. \nIt's topsy-turvy, yo
Your points are so valid. People need to hear this. Gun control doesn't mean take ALL guns away. It means limiting specific guns that have no need to be in civilian hands.
GOP Senators Ready to Examine Limits on Altering Semiautomatics - Bloomberg\nhttps://apple.news/AsLg6kZFYQ_WW9YAFOnvfCQ \n\nJust a little Binger to brighten your day.
Intelligent men are so sexy.
Dear Americans.\nWhen you visit Europe, do you feel unsafe on the streets? Do you feel you must carry a gun for your own protection?\nNo?\nWhy is that?\nCould it be, that, because no one (NO ONE) in Europe walks around armed to the teeth? (It's illegal to carry as much as a knife in most countries) In some countries (UK for one) when you walk up to a police officer on the street, chances are they do NOT carry a gun. (They do carry tasers, so don't mess with them)\nUnless you go to some very shady areas, chances are you are 100% safe from the general population. \nAnd, frankly, I would like to point out, I've visited the US many times over the years. I've never felt the need to carry a gun, or any other weapon. Anywhere.\nSo don't give me this BS that you need a gun for your own protection. You don't. No one does. And if you do, then you better be in the Armed Services, because THAT is what your second amendment refers to. Not Joe Public on the street.\n(And btw -- most Europeans think the Americans are complete nutters when it comes to guns. It doesn't do you any favors.)
Trae is awesome as usual, but unfortunately most RNs where I'm from won't listen to him. Great guy!
well what would you consider a practical solution that doesn't involve screwing over the rights of millions upon millions of American citizens?
If people are hung up on armed citizenry/militia to stop 'tyrannical government', an argument that doesn't hold any water in modern warfare, civilians can not win against the military even with comparable weapons because training matters more then weaponry.  200 years ago 'training' consisted of pointing a gun in the direction of the enemy and being ballsy enough to not run away when the other side started shooting.  In other words it was not about skill so our revolutionary era minute men could fight without be utterly massacred by the Red coats.  Try that today and you get Syria.\n\nEurope is noted for having virtually no guns but their is an exception,  Switzerland.  They have UNIVERSAL militia memberships, everyone is ISSUED a gun and trained yet they don't have mass shootings because gun ownership is treated as a civil responsibility, recreational shooting is also popular in Switzerland but no one considers that a right.  Anyone serious about militia's for purposes of national defense and civil liberties would be all over the Swiss model, but no one in the Republican party is interested.
Man if only we pass the right policy people won't murder people any more. You're retarded dude. What exactly are we going to do that'll stop it? Yeah lets #stophate because it's completely feasible to legislate away the human condition.
I love your words but something in this video made me stop and go Oh hell no, he didn't just say THAT! It seems the FAVORITE excuse for White Shooters is that they are/were crazy. You NEVER hear that being said regarding Black shooters. Please consider that the White Shooters are indeed sane and knew what they were doing.
Thank you Trae, for NOT making this video about laughs and righteous indignation.  How many more horrific events have to occur before we engage in honest discussion about keeping our families safe?  I ADORE your rants and laugh my a$$ off every time I watch but the death and injury of 500+ people warrants a sincere approach.  Well done.
When a toddler at a in-home daycare shoots two other toddlers with a gun in the house...then something is WAAYYYYYY beyond FUCKED UP!
Watching this from Germany, and couldn't agree more with what you're saying. Thank you for making a point here, particularly with your personal background. We need more people like this standing up for the cause.\n\nOh and btw: I'm not saying that German gun laws are perfect, but at least we have some mechanisms in place that make it considerably harder for anybody to obtain firearms in the first place.
Trae, I wish you lived near me and were my friend. It's hard to find friends who make sense like you where I live.
you're foundation is broken man....
Background checks for Bump Stock devices would be a good start.
Mmmmmm mmmm you are way too clear in your mind and way too objective with your views on what the truth is about this topic. You are a libtard fella!  Just like me!  I have been thinking that someone should try to start a reaction to this shooting that could put pressure on American business to move against this insanity by forming an organization to support the prevention of anyone entering their premises with a gun. Put up detection and screen the people entering your store, theatre, or any private property that can make their own rules. Once enough business has joined it will finally bring some competition into the market place to provide safety for customers!  Tourism industry should also be a part of it!  I am pretty sure international travelers are going to be affected by this because there are a lot of them in LV. Remember when the MGM fire happened?  There was just a little movement to encourage installation of sprinklers for safety in hotels. It turned out that so many organizations threatened businesses with only placing their conventions in safe locations that almost every major hotel made the change. And that is a lot bigger investment than some scanners at entrances and a few sign, maybe in some instances even a security guard to stop anyone who sets off the alarm. Hell, the business could even threaten the offender with civil action and have the offenders pay for the cost. \n\nWhat do you think?  Why don't you use the idea in your show and on your channel!  As I have said before you are a breath of fresh air and I would like to see you become a major influence for better things for Americans!  Hell, you could have a way better America First policy than the Donald!  And I mean it. Plus he doesn't even rate in the excitement of young chicks department!
I'm in the extremely unusual (on the Internet, at least) position of being a dedicated, dyed-in-the-wool gun nut who HATES most Republican/rightist stances.  I consider myself a centrist/progressive and normally Trae here is my *man* ...but in this one instance I feel a desire to voice...not so much *objection* as conscientious counterpoint?\n\nPassing laws will not stop criminals from obtaining guns illegally, because criminals are people who do illegal things.  People have the strange notion that Cracking Down on Guns, making it incredibly difficult or even impossible to get guns, will stop gun crime in this country.  There are a number of reasons why this stance is flawed, and why I feel like blaming the guns for these shootings is missing the point.\n\n1.) there are already a banananillion guns in the U.S..  We don't need to be able to buy *new* ones in order for there to be plenty of firepower around for people to do each other in with.  Other countries can get away with no, our citizens will not ever be armed because they were never armed in the first place.  This country?  Not so much.\n\n2.) Firearms manufacturers have been making it a point to end-run firearms control laws since firearms control laws have been a thing.  Create a newer, stricter set of legal standards to define 'Assault Weapon', and firearms manufacturers can, will, and *do* figure out how to kajigger a new firearm such that it doesn't legally qualify as an assault weapon under those laws.  Whatever method is left for people to purchase Regular Sporting Guns with, firearms manufacturers will find ways to make those guns as close as possible to being the things people actually want to buy.  because that's how you make money as a firearms manufacturer - you make guns that people want to buy.\n\nMost importantly, 3.) The Vegas shooter's *guns* did not decide to kill dozens of people and injure hundreds more.  The Vegas shooter did.  As Trae himself pointed out, this is concrete evidence that the man was deranged.  And yet, rather than seeking to improve upon this country's *disgusting* infrastructure and methodology for finding, helping, or even restraining if no other choice is left to them, people with mental instability and other issues...folks want to lock up all the guns and tell perfectly healthy law-abiding citizens like myself who simply happen to enjoy shooting sports as a hobby that we're *all* deranged psychopaths who need our guns taken away and for all the other guns in the country to be melted down into commemorative spoons.\n\nControlling guns does not stop violent people from doing violent things.  Could gun laws in this country use revision?  Oh my GAWD yes; not only are they ineffective for the purposes that terrified/furious anti-gun citizens are asking of them, they're a confusing contradictory *mess* that's almost impossible to keep fully straight.  They've needed rewriting for decades.  But we shouldn't be talking about getting rid of them or making them impossible to own without jumping through hoops so high and on-fire that no one bothers.  Gun ownership is indeed part of American culture, one of the things that makes us *us*.  \n\nCan we do better?  Absolutely.  But I never shot anyone or anything that wasn't a target on a range post.  I don't hunt, I don't carry, I don't actually support the NRA despite my deep enjoyment of the hobby because those guys are just...no.  I'm a regular, sane, everyday Trae fan who can't figure out why Trump hasn't been impeached yet, has no idea why people can't get over their gender issues, and who just also happens to be into hobby shooting.\n\nWhy should I suffer, lose access to my favorite outdoor hobby, and suffer the same condemnation and scorn as a deranged criminal whose actions I detest and condemn as much as every one of you?
Thank you for always straight shooting it and not coloring over anything....
Keep up the good work Trae.
With you all the way, Trey. Keep proving all of us Southerners aren't all alike. We're not all GOP Trump/tea party supporters. Some of us believe in gun control. Some of us aren't racist. Thanks!
It's only important to ban guns when white people die. Black lives don't matter.
Just saying, but criminals kind of don't follow laws...
Go far enough left you get your guns back.  Do you really want to disarm the left when Trump sits in 1600 Pennsylvania Ave?
( This guy had explosives because he was rich are you people deranged? Guess who else is rich and has explosives and doesn't mind collateral damage involving innocents....hmm which group of people could I be talking about?? )
You hit the nail on the head! \nCant get any more obvious that we have a huge problem with not only guns but racism, being bias, and simply covering up the truth. Unless  and until we admit there's a problem we won't ever be able to fix the problem. We must start with... Hello, I'm American and if you have one drop, I'm not gonna like you...
Yesssss! Well said!!!!!
Preach it brother man!!!
Caint we trah
https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=63b_1507062726
Thank you!
Bravo, sir!  Well said.
my h sticks
Showing love from Sacramento!!!
Thank you, Trae Crowder.
Amen
Thanks
Alright I'm definitely pro gun. The problem is criminals don't follow the law. There going to do what they intend to do no matter the tools they have to do it. In my opinion it's just as easy to go buy a vehicle or make a bomb as it is to buy a gun. In the case of the Vegas guy he was extremely wealthy and could have easily obtained the same fire power through illegal means. I understand the want for more regulations but then there's 3rd party sales. Even if everyone had to go through an ffl dealer for 3rd party sales what about all the ones before the new rules. It would limit the market to guns pretty new laws but it's pretty easy to make a fake bill of sale. And a full ban isnt economicly viable. Millions of jobs lost and not to mention the amount of money tied up in the weapons industry. Who's going to cover that bill? Either way it's not a gun problem it's a people problem and I don't think there's really much that can be done untill people evolve past petty hate.
Fakest accent ever makes sense with all this #FAKENEWS
The new Crash Zoom is going to be 14 minutes long!? That's awesome!
30:09 he gettin the succ
So hype for crashzoom
Can't wait for crash zoom!! 💜
19:18 IS THAT FUCKING KEELHAULED IN THE BACKGROUND!?
Tobeeas is indeed the German pronunciation.
I know the reason I can't keep up with Last Week during this month is due to college. Don't know if it's the same for others.
Can you upload the skits from last week by themselves
YESSS. my friend is also in that catherine tate sketch and we never let her live it down.
It may not mean much, but since you announced Last Week was ending I got super busy with school mostly, and life, so when I used to watch on Monday or Tuesday, I now usually watch on a Friday (I think) because I'm behind on my subscription box.
Rik, no C.... omg wait, is he named after Rik Mayall of Young Ones, Bottom and being an amazing comedian fame? 👍🏻
hey tom.  I think crash zoom should come out on last week #90
You cant end Last Week...you are a part of my life now
no wonder I'm sick, tom got me infected...even from approx. 5000 miles away...bluuhhh
I wonder if Rik will watch this in 15 years…
Last week you dead -_- jk
Tom,\n\nYou need to shoot all those problems away.
Re your thoughts on the views, i personally watched your last weeks the day they came out, but nowadays things are too busy and it takes me a week to catch up with you youtube - so maybe it's because school's started (I'm not in school tho) and generally people are more busy now? I still care tho and I love watching these!
Tom, regarding the viewer count reduction, keep in mind there are other factors.  Here in the states, public school just started a number of weeks ago.  Right around when you made the announcement.\n\nCorrelation/causation and all that. :)
I've started watching last week more since you said about it finishing
About the drop in views, I know some people are the opposite of you with shows - when they know a show is ending they stop watching, because endings, even satisfying ones, are sad to them.  If you don't see the end it feels infinite and full of opportunities.
I just came here to tell you I had the weirdest dream about Tom, he was the joker and he was throwing apples at people. That was it.
Don't know whether you've considered this, but in regards to view count, a lot of university's have been going back over the past few weeks, so people have had freshers weeks, and I know a lot of my friends who have just moved into new builds have yet to get internet connections set up, so maybe that has had something to do with it. Just bad timing maybe?
Zack? Zak the doggo is as old me
Cannot w a i t for drunk uncle tom
Haha, I have that I am actually in my thirties shirt as well and became father of a little daughter a couple of months ago :D
Now that eddie has his kid, what's about you and charly?\nwanna have a baby as well?
Tom what happened to your diet? Wanted to ask for a long while now if you don't mind.
Tom if I could I’d give you a lot of views. Your channel is hilarious and funny. You deserve a lot more.
Your killing the hair style XD\n\n\n\n\nYou have gon back to the pedophile look XD
There's a box WITH A ROCK IN IT
I know I can't be personally responsible for the amassing of thousands of views, but admittedly I do sometimes feel bad I don't catch your uploads the day of like I used to. A lot more lately, I'll wait a few days for multiple creators' content, and then binge all of it at once, because that totally doesn't reflect on my life at all haha. \nBut no, seriously Tom, while I can't say some of that chunk isn't due to the announcement, I'd argue that it's also just ramping up towards the time of the year when people aren't as free to watch as consistently as usual. What do those numbers look like after two weeks, for example? It could be that the viewerbase is just a bit slow on the uptake (I know I can at times).\nI hope things turn up soon though, I know it can be really disheartening and frustrating to feel like the ending won't get to be satisfying for everyone.
0:52  *mY nAMe iS jEfF*
So Tom will be in the next YouTube Rewind as a principal YouTuber, right?\nI hope it's for Last Week and not Beep Beep.\nBecause I want him the be the last one we see in the Rewind and say:\nI'll see you last year ;-)
my little brother is named Rick But He has the c........
EDDIE IS DADDIE AF I LOVE
It's because you broke up with us. It's easier to stop now than be heartbroken when you decide to go. I'm actually sad about it. You're the only vlog I watch and you're part of my little weekly ritual.
But I've already eaten my cinnamon and gooseberry yoghurt!
no its not your announcing the end of last week entirely anyway - I, and a massive proportion of your subscriber base, have just gone back to school, college or uni, and its quite busy. Ive just started uni and I have missed a few episodes but I'm catching up again now. views are gonna be inflated for summer holiday too! its all goooooooooooooooooood
THAT BABY IS CUTE. I WANT THE BABY. IM TAKING THE BABY.
I think a lot of people share your sentiment: I think that now that we know it's ending, a lot of people want to wait until that, so they can binge it like a regular TV show.
is this the reupload? cos the glitches are still in it for me (other than that - loved it!)
You should get baby rick a pickle costume to wear before Halloween, and he will be pickle riiiiiiiiick!
I saw the thumbnail & title and thought he deleted Where's the Baby? from his main channel.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Tom, your camera is dying, you need to fix doze glitches.
My guess is that lots of the viewer base has gone to uni and have been enjoying freshers week 😊
It was so cute seeing Charlie freaking out over the dog crayon costume, literally laughing like crazy
Is anyone else getting the weird artifacting?
The last last week should be a one hour special
Charlie is a treasure
See now that's why you don't dress your animals.
I HEARD ALESTORM IN THE BACKROUND OF THE VIDEO!!!\nFUUUCK YEEEEAAAH!!!!!\n\m/
I’m almost 31 and I’ve never looked forward to the next in a series as much as Last Week in my life, absolute lunacy people would stop watching!
Hey Tom! Use Taxify instead of Uber when it comes out. :)
15:10 what is that game
Congratulations Eddie! Way to be an adult! (Has anyone called buying a man-sized bag of popcorn for the christening?)
It's not like a school disco, no one's getting fingered... \n\nI take back everything I said
It's so confusing that some people can't cope with finalities, even if they are inherently harmless, like a series that has a predetermined ending. It has an ending? How fucked up is that?! It isn't. I don't get this mindset, but on the other hand I know people who didn't finish Cowboy Bebop. Still, if you avoid good byes, you will miss some of the best moments of your life. It's dumb.
well if the views are dropping cause there is comming an end to this amazing series. THEN DONT STOP!!! PLEASE!!! I NEED THIS IN MY LIFE!!
Tom, you might be over analysing your viewership drop off: I think it's more likely that your audience are mainly school/college/uni students, and we're all back to work, we still love your work
People left because they didnt want to suffer through the last episodes knowing that it wont continue
I know I haven't been watching as much/as soon since I'm drowning in exams and homework. I'm having trouble remembering what math looked like not being made of 50%+ Greek letters.
TOM I JUST STARTED MY FIRST YEAR AT UNI AND I HAVENT HAD TIME TO WATCH YOU :( \n\nIM SORRY BUT I TRY TO WATCH WHEN I CAN AND PLEASE DONT GET UPSET BECAUSE OF IT BECAUSE I STILL LOVE YOUR CONTENT AND LAST WEEK VLOGS <33333
Tell them to have another baby and name him morty. That is all.
Tom should get braces, dunno ehy but it looks more obvious this last week
Seems like an interesting choice of music for a ship at 19:49 - a tune with the word 'road' in and based on a location inland, being played on water. I should get out more.
Charlie and I realised what the letters spelled out at exactly the same time. \n\nAlso if you’ve stopped watching Last Week cause of the announcement then go have a bad fuck
Your second pronunciation of Tobias was right btw, if ya didn't check already
It looks like Elliot will be buying a new graphics card next week? Or is Tom buying a new camera?
@22:28 charlie and an certificate of engagement
I don't care about the thumbnail or the title I watch it because last week is my favourite youtube series because it's funny and I am sad that it's ending but I appreciate his decision .
I saw you at Glasgow and almost fainted because you're real.. YOU'RE REAL
LOOK AT THAT CUTE LIL BB OMG
Glitches, Glitches everywhere
Loyal Weeklings unite!
Baby!!!!!
Subtle Alestorm
YES THE ALESTORM KEELHAULED!
Congrats Eddie!! Your baby is adorable!!
stay awesome Tomska
ogh!!!! legit FLIPpeD sHIT WhEN ALesTOrM stARTeD PLAYing
NOTIFICATION SQUAD!!
When Squidge nearly becomes Hitler
No more gitches... but. \n\nHawoweeewnnnnn
Congratulations Eddie !!! 🍾🥂❤️
there is also Lyft maybe???
CRASH ZOOM FTW
15:26 wtf Elliot Gooch back from the dead
Lel you sound drunk n tired
Chralie ruining your Ferris Bueller bit was my favourite.
BABY!
YAY ASHENS
:D
Any Alestorm fans here?
ITS DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Crash zoom yay!
I'm Tiny RICK!!! Congratulations Eddie!
CONGRATS EDDIE! RIK IS ADORABLE
ARE WE ALLOWED TO NICKNAME RICK TINY RICK
What kind of youtuber blames themselves for a drop in views when there's a wonderful faceless 'Algorithm' just waiting for everyone to yell at it!
Happy Hump Day, everyone! Coming atcha with a fresh episode of favorites! Let me know what you loved or tried this month here. 😊
I wish you had extended sizes for your clothing line :(
PLEASE DO A TUTORIAL FOR THIS MAKEUP LOOK！！！！！！！！
I’ve been into death note ever since I was in 7th grade back in 2007 I believe. Still love that anime til this day & Im glad you are digging it! You definitely should watch the anime but don’t bother watching the American live action of it on Netflix! Lol also love the eyeshadow color combo 😍 so cute!
I also love death note but I haven't had the chance to read the manga. I have watched the anime series and all of the movies even the netflix version (but I really don't recommend it haha) it's also fun to see a story that comes into life when watching it on film but I know reading the book is also a great exercise for the imagination <3 \n\nP.S. I have been wanting to watch IT but I am afraid of clowns but I think the by way you describe it I can handle IT as well! makes me want to watch it now haha wish me luck!
That burp at the end though lmao. Also i cant tell, but do you have red under your black nail polish? cause that is SO CUTE!
There are so many Chinese people translated your video, we love you so much!😘
thanks to you I read Ready Player One !! it was such a great book ! can't wait to read your other recommendations !!
did no one notice the burp at the ending?? lmao
YAY YOU HAVE A DEATH NOTE MANGA. IM SO HAPPY. AND I LOVE YOU AND YOUR VIDEOS. HOPE YOU’RE ENJOYING DEATH NOTE. sorry I typed in all caps I got excited 😅
IM THE SAME WITH HORROR! I'm glad I'm not alone TT_TT. I'm still traumatised from horror.
I really love the way you put subtitle in each of video. English is not my mother language so I watch your video every single day to improve my English skills. Love you so much :***
I love that I can relate to you. For horror movies, I have an active imagination as well. If I see or read anything scary, I remember it forever. In addition, I LOVE LOVE LOVE subtitles as well 😂
Ur eyeshadow 😍👏🏼
Girl ... go ahead and dive into the manga world, you'll love it !!
But does anyone really need to summarise death note
Tutorial on this look please!!!❤️❤️❤️
when she said butthole lips i had war flashbacks to every time safiya nygaard had said that in her videos
Jenn if they get to make a solution for the international shipping is there anyway we can separate the pieces we want, because i really want the fuzzy tee and with the cost of the shipping is imposible for me to get it
Death note is on Netflix!!
I'm definitely buying Rolling!
The 'extra' at the end of this video though! LOL
Hey Jen! I was wondering if you could try to do your favorite nail styles! like just a video about what kind of nails matches specific oufits, preferred shape, colors, designs, etc! thank you!!
Hey Jenn😊 \nMay i know where can i buy your necklace, it looks gorgeous!!!
your eye makeup is beautiful !
THAT BURP. OMG haha it took me by surprise :P
Please do a tutorial for your eye makeup!!! IT'S AMAZING ❤❤❤
Your makeup is popping! I always love listening to you describe books or movies :)
Jenn! I really would like to transcribe your videos<3 Since I've got lots of things from you, I'd want to give you something back!! I tried to transcribe the last video you attached, but I couldn't find the 'add more language' button, why??
I really cannot wait you to read the entire Death Note!!! And watch anime ver and talk passionately about the finale of each ver ;)
Wild is also a movie starring Reese Witherspoon. One of my favorite adaptations. You should check it out!
I swear by Death Note! One of the best manga ever!!!! Your bro got good taste!!\nI love the movie and series too but as they extended it, I didn't watch it anymore.. usually sequels disappoint me but I might watch one day..
Cheryl Strayed (author of Wild ) has a podcast called Dear Sugar that I think you'd enjoy! Her and her cohost's voices are so soothing and I love listening to it when I'm getting ready
PLEASE do a makeup tutorial for this look!! Amazing!
Your eye makeup is always popping' love it Jenn! <3 Can you do a tutorial on this eye look? :)
한글 자막이 생겨서 깜짝놀랐어요! 너무 감사합니다!! 그동안 영어를 몰라서 그냥 영상만 보고 있었는데 이제 자막으로 무슨말을 하는지 다 알수있어서 진짜 너무 좋아요👍😍
Whoaaa, super happy that you've got a chance to read Death Note. It's a bit scary how a high-schoolar decide to kill people very easily, but I read it just because I like the unusual story-line. It's very old manga though, I read it like 8 years ago.
I've never commented a video, but I love your eyeshadow soooooo much ! \nLove from France, C. \n(Sorry for the bad English)
Watch the movie for Wild!!! So good
Hey Jenn! My fav right now is the Laura M. Tinted Moisturizer. The coverage is great and lightweight while I've been living in Spain! Also the app Blink gives great daily bits from self help books. Def look into it I think you'd love it.
If you're interested, Wild was adapted into a movie of the same name with Reese Witherspoon playing Cheryl, that's my favorite movie, you should watch it !!!!!
Omg whats with that last part?! The burping whilst having the dior lipstick up 😐
Hi Jenn!💎 I just submitted my Japanese translation of your confidence video for review 🇯🇵😀 That video is one of my favourites and you've been such an inspiration to me ever since I discovered your channel, so I wanted to give something back 💞 I hope more Japanese viewers discover your channel!!!
Jen... both death note and wild had a movie. U should check it out🤓
Jenn! Do you wear contacts? Your eyes are especially alluring in this video *.*
love this eye makeup so much!!!!!!
I've always heard really good reviews about DeathNote, but have yet to read it. Now I am VERY tempted. Also, your entire look today is so cute! Love it.
Ooooh Death Note! You should watch the Death Note movie! I'm not one for horror movies either but my friend dragged me to the theatre when it came out and it was actually not as scary.
Makeup tutorial please! 😍 love you! You're so beautiful!
There are a bunch of anime and manga with interesting storylines. Let's just say you'll hardly get bored of it and there are bunch of genres you can dip into.
Thanks for the book recommendation!
Can any body tell me how can I translate it and add the subtitle on?
You look so pretty. Your eye makeup is on point girl! And you are so damn hard working. How can you post so many videos in such a short time. I couldn't catch up with em all with my new college schedule. But I can never afford to miss your favorites video, can I? Love you sista!! Keep rocking!!
sooo weird, I just finished watching death note! loved it ofc! 💕 ily2 Jenn :)
I came here for the pretty face....I hate myself.
Love that little blooper at the end 😂
We have the same birthday!! 💖 Belated happy birthday twin!
uuugh jenn, this video was tooooo short! Plus it was your birthday month!!
Jenn, I always look forward to your favorites! :)
Love your eye make up!!
You have the cutest friggin face.. I can't even.....🙈
i love how you did eyeshadow! would love to see a tutorial how to do it!
I recommend the Beautiful Anonymous podcast by Chris Gethard
Yes Jenn!! Woo you need to get on that manga and anime train ASAP ☺ and continue on!
Jen, you have been missing out on mangas all your life!
Please tell us what eyeshadow you used
I might be able to help with Japanese translation! If there is 2 people did the translation,how would you pick?
I've got that exact copy of Death Note lol my friends gave me it as a birthday present one year!!
I am similar when it comes to scary movies the visual stays with me. 😣🙈
I had to pause the video because I'm laughing too much at butthole lips
I have the absolute same thing with horror images
The movie for wild is also so good as well
They made death note a movie!! You should check it out I think I watched it on Netflix with my boyfriend maybe about a month ago and it was really\nGood!! I didn't even know it was from a book
i want to help with indonesian subtitle but see someone already did that ^^ glad a lot of indonesian likes you, and also you include you perfect imperfection video in your top5 videos! one of my favorites, it really encouraging me to accept what i already have :)
My brother also pulled me in this manga world and now I'm rolling deeper than ever before. It's good to have a brother <3
Ruff Haus Blouse isn't back in stock :( so sad
Hi Jen! Just posted soms Dutch subtitles for this video. I love your videos and am happy to give something back.  Greetings from Belgium!
There is a series on netflix based on death note, maybe since you like the book you might also enjoy the series :)
OH MY GOD THE BURPING AT THE END. I just..... you are perfect 😂❤️
Can't stop staring at your make up! So pretty! <3
Yes! Death Note is sooooo good and trippy! They even have the anime on Netflix! Don’t recommend the movie though. 🙅🏻
OMG!... you have a korean subs too ! I love it, Thank you
I translated pose video in korean <3 because that hour I spent on transcribing the video is nothing compared to how much you inspired my life :) Love you Jenn
I'M SO HAPPY YOU'RE ON THE DEATH NOTE BANDWAGON NOW. Such a classic :D
loooove your eyeshadow look!!
chinese?
deathnote is the besttttt
the BURP
💗💗💗
Dayummmmm those shadows😍
lol butthole lips that seriously is perfect 👌🏼
Favorite youtuber getting into favorite manga!!!
yasss, DEATH NOTE
Lovingggg this look, you are radiating!
YEEEES Death Note!
Your eye makeup is gorgeous^ ^
TUTORIAL FOR THIS MAKEUP PLEASEEEEEE 😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥
한글 자막❤❤❤❤
L is forever bae ❤️
Luvvv ur eye makeup😍✨✨
Hey Ted, what do you think about the EM-Drive?
I'm not usually nearly as impressed by your stories as other people are. but this is freaking amazing.
play electric attack solid one leader communicate.
Then why does Sonic the hedgehog have 1 eye
In russia, sheep has 3 eye
Why do these sheep have vertical pupils?
I have a question, how do we know that the nucleus of the earth is hot?
that pun at last
Dont google cyclop sheep the drawing looks way cuter than it should
When you reallize Soinc the hedgehog has joint eyes!!! :O
I have a hedgehog.....
ted-ed videos always end up having me goosebumps all over...
Was this video only recommended to me because I searched for Diane NGUYEN from Bojack Horseman, recently?
DO NOT GOOGLE THIS
Was the sonic hedgehog gene named after sonic the hedgehog?
I just got a Ted ad on this Ted video
Robotnic is responsible for this
I will say it again , this channel has thought me more then my school
Saw the actual photos. I need to keep an eye out for nightmares now.
They forgot to mention the Sonic Hedgehog thing with the girls sonic comic
toddler
Sonic the hedgehog
DAMN THAT HEDGEHOG
Anyone else thinks the Hedgehog gene cell is cutely drawn?
I have a feeling that whole video was build up for that pun at the end 😂
kudos to curiosity
0:45 Hence the reason why Rick is afraid of Cob World
Me: How did you find out this medicine could be used for cancer?  Doctor: Cyclops sheep ................................................................................ *crickets chirp* ....................................................................................
Hedgehog gene?  As in the sonic hedgehog gene?  I'm not joking.   That's its actual name.
is this real or a riddle?
Those sheeps can deal extra damage!\nTOO BAD! Because their range is lower!
you guys should do a vid on mike the headless chicken\n(rooster)
I love the conclusion at the end. SO beautiful
Sounds like the farma corporations wanted to get a hold of the profits so they declared the cyclopamine not safe and instead they developed a drug that does the same thing but I bet with worst side effects...way to go America letting corporations run wild.
Did the sheep blink or wink? The world may never know...
Is Wild corn lilly also called  western false hellebore (Veratrum californicum)? http://www.the-scientist.com/?articles.view/articleNo/44550/title/The-Cyclopes-of-Idaho--1950s/
Good work on the animation
Tien voice over is the best
So that's what my dick's been eating
please make a video on discovery of zero.
The stranger case I actually find how to pronounce that freaken name. Nuguyun? N-guy-en? ..
Too bad Tien wasn’t talking about three eyed sheep
We watched this in class
Cyclopamine... is that where Cyclophosphamnide (cancer drug) synthesized from?
This is the link for that kinds of sheep in real life.... https://youtu.be/vLHc5PKJyAc
Thanks farmers
The end music was interesting
Anyone thought that sheep is a reference from the odyssey in which the sheeps are in the cyclops islands?
In the cyclops greek tale with Odysseus there are sheep.. hmm..
More than meats the eye\n-TED-ED 2017
the scientist in orange looks like a teen stanford pines
Nice pun mate
The real question is does the gene make you run faster?
Ok, why does the cartoon cyclopamine have two eyes???
I was kind of expecting a Polyphemus reference, but the pun was way better
sonic the hedgehog+Gene=hedgehog Gene ... That's good to know.
Nobel prize for best farmers should be given.
I have one tiny comment: the DNA (1:19) is drawn incorrectly (it is left handed but should be right handed). But as usual, the video is lovely and I very much enjoyed it :)
your new animator did a stellar job. please keep him.
Everybody if you're reading this please like this comment and subscribe to my page n check out Treble - No Competition. Everybody deserves a chance to at least get heard.. I just ask u give me mine.. Please n Thank you
If your high asf don't watch this
And then they realised that they were looking at the wrong end of the sheep.
Says it's a non profit organization and has a add
Your voice is not clear
Your voice is annoying while listening to this.
Not even 2 seconds in and you're already pushing your atheist agenda. Screw off.
Don’t look up cyclops sheep if you wanna have a good day
Anyone else slightly annoyed that the cyclopamine animation had two eyes
they took 4 decades i took 4 min knowing about their 4 decades
anyone love the animation? \n\n\n\n\nme!🙌
Baaaaaaaa....
So this is why sonics eyes are conjoined...
My Wordbook:\nDeformity 畸形\nCyclops 独眼的\nHypothesize 假设\nEwe 母羊\nFlora 植物群落\nCulprit 凶手\nHedgehog 刺猬\nElude 逃避\nSyndrome 综合症\nFreak 怪人，怪物，怪诞
Аниме на аве твоя мать в канаве
Don't Google Cyclops sheep!
Damn dem cyclops sheep be cute
01:48 spooky!
-Farmers see one eyed lambs\n-“Ewe’ve gotta be kidding me!”
Cloud sheep
Loved it, Thanks
Sonic the Hedgehog gene
K
popopopoppooorotiyo d
More riddles!
No click bait, a unicorn
Those sheep looked like dogs
Da D
Same animator as troll face adventures
Do they shoot mega tears
Stranger than fiction.
btw..you talk a lot!
it's sonics fault
*_PAY THE TOLL_*
Creeps me outtttttt
Use the full nomenclature. \nSanic hedgehogggg geeeeeneee :D
Singular deformity XD
Amosc: @itsbandzbaby
Oh gawd the puns...............
Aww thank you farmers and scientists 👍
Brian, you're a genius!\n!!! ROTFL!!!
Honestly this is hilarious. Awesome job Ubisoft. Love these Tales from the Tomb
shouldn't they be focusing more on the game?
you know those little green guys that helped us build the pyramids? LMAO fucking hilarious!
finally ubisoft has a sense of humor,, except their server though #trollface
As funny as this was, I really hope that Bayek isn’t a second iteration of Connor and that he actually has a personality
What a great marketing scheme! This is so awesome, well done Ubisoft!
Bryan is a genius
Wait...Lipstick had better not mean what I think it means. o.0
This isn't funny.
Oh Dennis... :')
1:10 was my favorite. Lol 😂
The lipstick one oh my god! JAJAJAJAJA
This was funnier than I expected.
Anubis: There’s a human killing the gods...yeah we’re probably all gonna die\n\n*Meanwhile in Scandinavia* \n\nKratos: “Achoo”
No mummies were ever found in pyramids but other than that this video is funny
I actually really like this, especially the part when the gods were discussing about their deaths. Usually, I dont ever hear gods talking about their death so, its sort of funny.
When he said aim for his diabetes I lost XD
This passes for funny in America? Jeez.
A South Park Assassins Creed crossover game in this vain would be a day one pre-order for me lol
Whoever had this idea deserves a raise!!!
Praise Lord Ashraf and his team
best uisoft video in years
Thanks I needed that!😂😂😂😂 I literally shared this with all my friends! I need MOAR videos!
Great job this looks amazing might be the best assassins creed yet maybe even better than black flag
I'm impressed these are actually genuinely funny. I didn't expect much from them but no they are great.
So naval battles are being replaced by Tireme battles?... okay
This is why i love Ubisoft
This is fucking great
Wtf\nGreat\nBut who the hell authorised this
Good one ubi good one u really made my day😆😆😆
This is totally amazing this game will be the best
LOL UBISOFT BE LIKE, hey gamingsins and youtubers who make game parodies.....Just did your job for ya xD
What kind of a trailer it is......hahaha so fucking awesome
The funniest video game trailer I have seen!
This is awesome and a very smart way of advertising the game.The first time since they announced the game release date, i wanted them to delay it so we get more Tales from the Tomb lol
I was expecting some historical thing but this left me very amused, was not expecting this let alone from Ubisoft.
I want to believe that the last one is the main plot.
Why is this so funny
you guys went all out I'm going to get this game
Why are people saying ubisoft made the Egyptians black? They look middle-eastern, like they should.
This a fresh idea of trailers, I like it😂
XD loveee ittt,I want this to be a TV show.
It's freaking funny with creativity
Well, that's fucking grim.
Also, give the man who did this a big fucking bonus!
Uhh its age restricted i cant see what everyones  laughing about
Can someone give me whatever this trailer creator is smoking
That was awesome
fucking loved this 😂😂😂
More pls
This is a pretty awesome trailer UBISOFT!
Brian's a GENIUS !! LOL
This. This is the best thing I've seen on youtube all month
The moving hieroglyphs is like Prince of Egypt and Joseph movies. Good stufff, I love those movies.
3:16  finally boss fight
Lmao
Ubisoft should make a TV series of Tales From the Tomb. It would make a great series
LMFAOOOO Origins is going to be amazing. So happy for this revamp.\n\nThat Anubis fight tho!
Loved It, especially those guys trying to hide the mummy, they were so funny
This is actually funny
That. Was. Bloody amazing!  Well played, Ubisoft! xD
Amazing XD
Damn I didn't know all Egyptians have American names. This is so freaking funny lol
hahaha this is so fucking cool
can't wait for this new Witcher 😂
I laughed harder than I should have! Whoever did this deserves an award!!!
First Video that i actually shared from any YouTube channel ever... Well played Ubisoft.
Typical to mock the Gods when you don't have the power to be them. 💥
That's ignorant Karen lmaoo
you are genius brian!
3:17 AC: Titans Expansion!
An arms dealer named Dennis😂😂😂😂
育碧新番
Cool
Great! Ubisoft <3
Genius! 😂
Come on Denis!
Best AC trailer ever!
WE
Cant wait \nneed this game
Nice  subcrubed
Lol
Karen. Buddy
rotflmfaool😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😮😂😂😂😂😂😂💀
WTF boss fight ?
Karen you mean Isis
Mummy dust!!
HAHAHA
Aliens during Ancient Egypt, confirmed!
Ha
Ha that's hilarious
Wtf lmao!
quality content
Mi piacerebbe molto poter Lavorare con Voi UBISOFT Mio Sogno diventa una Realtà
Wonderful it so helarious. All greatings from EGYPT\nفيديو رائع و مضحك جدا. لكم كل التحيه من مصر
I'm positive about origins! I really hope the PC version is optimized, i'm building a PC just for this. All games from ubisoft for the past 5 years are shitty, i was not able to completely get satisfied with any of those games. i hope this one stands out and changes the course for ubisoft.
You know, my friend showed me this and said,  *See man! I told you blacks were always funny! in ancient times!*\n\n*I said dude that's racist*\n\nbut I still laughed so hard.. XD
dont get to hyped it is Ubisoft
Is this game a refresh/start over or a continuation?
Continued Prayers for all effected by this horrible tradgedy 😓. And all the families and friends of those who lost their lives.
Nothing happened, youre full of shit just trying to make money on a hoaxed spectacle!
Disgusted that he just ran off! Didn't even have the decency to warn his fans
Turning those lights on didn't help no one.
What song was he singing
THIS IS NOT A GUN CONTROL ISSUE... GOOD PEOPLE WITH GUNS DON'T DO THINGS LIKE THIS.. ONLY EVIL PEOPLE DO! THE ONLY WAY TO STOP A BAD PERSON WITH A GUN IS A GOOD PERSON WITH A GUN.
Is it just me or does it seem since the terror attacks of September 11th that attacks have grown at a fast pace?\n\nEither way, we can't deny the fact that evil is in the jetstream and can land anywhere at anytime.
This world is becoming such a scary place to live in its disgusting. I hope whoever did this rots in hell, hoping everyone has a speedy recovery❤️ and rest in peace to all those innocent victims out there❤️ fly high
It was probably too loud.
Im repeating this because I didn't even get one reply.How could this Jason dude ever face anyone after deserting his fans in the way he did. He did not even say ONE WORD let me repeat myself not even ONE WORD to the bewildered crowd.How could he leave his fans for dead?How many paid good money to come and see him and look what they got in return.His fans needed him to say at least something,but got nothing.SHAME ON YOU!!!!!!
Everyone complaining about the performer running off stage, is he not allowed to protect himself? Shots were going off like crazy and he's in the damn spotlight! Was be supposed to stand there in order to warn fans about something he has absolutely no clue about or what was going on and pretty much ask to die in the process???\nWas he supposed to somehow save thousands of people from something he had no fucking control over?
This is the scariest thing I have ever heard, the concert goers are going to have severe trauma even if they were not physically injured.
Make the laws exactly like singapores and no crime eill happen ! Praying for victims and the families
Isn't this dude the shooter of the columbine school?  Woah, he looks so old now
whats the name of the song
One thing I noticed right away when the videos started popping up.  Why did they decide to illuminate the entire crowd with the floodlights making them easier targets as the shooting started.  The crowd was pretty dark until that point.
Hotel high rises should have airport security type baggage scanners to screen whatever bags get taken upstairs and make people secure any firearms in the hotel arms room while they're guests especially in casinos where somebody might get a bit upset losing their money gambling.  That's the only thing I can see that could have possibly stopped this from happening.
#Why For Las Vegas Strong Survivor Songhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6SS6f3upHs&sns=tw via @youtube
This makes me want to cry I’m sad and devastated
JASON IS A BITCH FOR THE COMPANY!!!!
Very sad and unfortunate but I can't say I'm surprised about a culture, people, and society that worship guns and violence. There are probably hundreds of thousands of normal white guys just like him out there lurking. How many white guys named Joe Schmoo are in America? Yeah. Millions. How many of them have guns? Millions. Apparently he wasn't even one of the assholes. Suck on that for awhile. What did you expect? This is 'Merica. How ironic that it happened in SIN CITY as well. The sad reality is that the chickens came home to roost. This is the new normal. Get used to it or move to the middle of nowhere and live in a cave somewhere.
It was at the Mandalay hotel not Whiskey
The gunshots sound remind me of the Paris nightclub.  You can hear the terror in the victims voices.
what song is this?
How did you get 2000 ppl to like this when there's nothing here?
This is not part of the show.  People, seek shelter.  KILL the lights.   How long does it take to say that?
Jason Aldean is a coward, knew what was going to happen and bolted. \n\nEnjoy the media and government lying to you. It was the fbi+cia+mossad that did this. Prepare to be subjugated by the jew world order.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” MLK \nJason “Bolt” Aldena wiithout so much as a word to the ~22,K fans standing there not knowing what is going on and being shot down. He had loudspeakers and the attention of the concertgoers, he could have and should have crew to kill the lights, we need first responders, stay calm and move to the exits, take cover, say something - say anything. He said nothing and ran. \n58 perished, 489 people injured. Prayers to the families who've lost loved ones'.
Every shot you hear is a life changed forever. Sickening to watch.
This video shows nothing, you can hear.
I can't help but wonder how much of a difference it would have made in the shooters' ability to aim at and hit the crowd if the stage lights were not shining upon the crowd during the second volley of fire. \n\nIn this video (https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=c96_1507108754), they finally turned the lights off - several minutes after the shooting stopped. As the guy filming the video states, that just made it more difficult for the EMTs to find and help the wounded.
Our world is so messed up
makes me not want to go to concerts.
what is the name of the song he was performing when the shooting began?
What is so unsettling is this\n     These homeland attacks are going to keep happening. The media, certain politicians, and a select few branches of government are responsible for the poisoning of our minds, and the taking of our financial security are just two of the things that are pivitol in the breakdown of the shooters state of mental health. I am NOT WARRANTING what happened, however unless ALL OF US don't stop being hateful , and getting involved on a municipal level attacks like this are going to keep happening. To me this was just a small version of 9-11. ALL SECURITY MEASURES ON A PRESIDENTIAL LEVEL SHOULD BE TREATED AS IF THE PRESIDENT IS STANDING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU. ANY PLACE WHERE A LARGE NUMBER OF PEOPLE ARE GOING TO BE PRESENT , THERE SHOULD BE A PRESIDENTIAL LEVEL OF SECURITY..... IN 2004 when Dimebag Darrell Abbott was killed on stage in Columbus, Ohio during a concert should have prevented any security fails such as this
What a sick world we live in.😞
#💕💕💕💕      #💕💕💕💕      #💕💕💕💕   #💕💕💕💕   #💕💕💕💕      #💕💕💕💕      #💕💕💕💕   #💕💕💕💕\nJesus Christ is the only way to heaven! He died and arose from the dead to give us eternal life.
Im glad i live in a gun-controlled country... Its so safe and peaceful here..
This is absolutely disgusting what happened, now if he was a Muslim the first thing would have been ‘terrorist’ but this guy is a ‘lonewolf’ and ‘disturbed’.
What song is that
So they turn on the floodlights so the shooters can see who to shoot! Wake up people ! there are three or more shooters!
NOTICED!! His last words of the song was no show  and he ran off after stage.  #illuminati 🎰🏟🏰🎆🌃📺💵🔨🚷
Why would anyone like this video
Hey Guys! This Is Great! I Got 𝔽𝕣𝕖𝕖 ℕ𝔼𝕋𝔽𝕃𝕀𝕏 $𝟝𝟘𝟘 𝔾𝕚𝕗𝕥 ℂ𝕒𝕣𝕕 Here – >  #Likefreecardsgetitnow
Johhny Cash on stage:  Shoot at me Devil! I'm the man in Black!
Not a terorist eh? I wonder why ?
Call it for what it is Terrorism
He runs off stage like a little bitch! He doesn't even warn the crowd! THEN they turn all the lights on the auduence! What? So the killerS can see their targets? WTF???????
I think Islam is behind this.
The sad thing is I didn't even feel shocked hearing the gunfire.
I hope that guy suffers for all eternity, to take a life is to sin.. to take that many lives.. fucking coward
This is what World War Three looks like.
Cant blame him for not stopping immediately, lot of people thought it was fireworks at first...
That ain't no Goddamn 'bump fire'. That is belt fed Army shit.
Hmmm Are we already in Hell?
Im kind of mad at how the country singer on stage runs off to seek shelter like a scared child. Leaving fans thinking WTF. Just my opinion if anybody feels the same speak out.
How could you even play his music now? You saw how his  beta ass ran off stage. I'll smack the shit outta him if I ever saw  that chicken Shit bastard
Time just ended a video of a mass shooting telling me to sub? Holy shit
Sounds like the OTrauma and The Dump Administration are not doing anything on those Gun Laws!
the panic in their voices...
Hey everyone don't get mind tricked by the elite group they want us to lose
obviously the two shooters in mandalay bay hotel were distractions. there's no way they could inflict that much damage; wound 500, & kill 57 from 400 yards in the dark at an almost impossible angle shooting down with sniper precision wake up people!!!!!!!!!!!! To me, and this my opinion that second  flurrie was return fire. but here's  the real this probably the most surveyed city in the world meaning cameras are running and recording 24 hours a day 7 days a week 365 a year 10 years a decade. To me the real question is where's  the footage and what about the other shooters at the other hotels?\n\n\nAnyone who was really there or has footage that hasent been edited get at me  \nthere may be some money for u.\n\n\n\nfatboi3025@gmail.com
So sad 😭what kinda a world we are living right now huh ??? Can't even felt safe anymore these days don't know what the heck will be happens next 😢
But not all the light..... red light ok
Leave it to TIME to leave a subscribe reminder at the end of this horrifying video.. classy folks, real classy
Why tf would you get down? Like do u want to die?
You would think that someone would get on the mic and say people need to exit or something. Because it took a while before people realized what was going on.
Nanny nanny boo boo!!!
*EVERYONE* who always shooting up places full of innocent people & have commited the biggest massacre in American History? \nA) Muslims\nB) Mexicans\nC) Blacks \nD) Whites\n*No.2 Pencil Only*
if live bullets after 1 min stampede. Crisis actors again.
HEY TIME !! YOU KNOW WHAT'S COMING NEXT -- RIGHT ?? THE VIDEO OF THE 2ND SHOOTER ON THE 4TH FLOOR -- AS CONFIRMED BY THE LVPD DISPATCHER. DON'T EVEN TRY IT -- OK ??
https://youtu.be/4TuEWtXBT_0
US pigs must+ie for Syria,Iraq,Serbia,Vietnam,Lybia,Aphganistan,Donbass
m240 belt fed machine gun..... yep
Las Vegas Fakers, Fraud Money Takers!
THE TING GOES SKRRRRRRA
Fucking scumbag
He was lip syncing
D
Eva Ccastro
Almost sounds like 2 shooters
PLanned event such BS
THE TING GO PAT PAT PAT
*road to tactical nuke*
lol
Bet that guy quit hiz job
Thanks God
God bless you
9
Chills down my spine
An american terrorist
Americans killing Americans.
Hate that song
So fucking disgusting . These days people can't even go to concerts with their family. They went there for fun and then they get killed , That's so sickening
What was the song Jason started to sing ?
United States of Idiots! How's that second amendment bullshit working out for ya?
Body armor is gonna gonna be the new fashion
Aldean had a responsibility to warn his audience of the gunfire and to take cover  before running for cover himself.
I don't know much about weaponry, but does that sound like a paintball gun?!
My gayness can't resist 🌈🌈
As soon as I've seen the picture, I should of known what this would be about.
Y'all gays gonna bust hell wide open with gasoline drawers
this song is so beautiful and pure....
this makes me feel all warm and fuzzy and it just made my day.
THIS SONG IS SOOOO CUTE I'M
DAMN OK I SEE U WITH EM VOCALS BAE
I think her and Jhene Aiko would sound really good togethet
Not gay what’s so ever but I REALLY LIKE THIS SONG
im so in love with this and with kehlani, wow my heart has never fluttered so fast
Check out my cover of this song guyss💓
Her voice is so sweet just makes me want to cry 😫😭💕
I LOVE THIS SOUND, keep it coming sis✨👸🏽
Reminds me of like a fool by cocaine 80s.
H O N E Y 🍂🍯🐝
Cannot relate to the lezzie lyrics(not for my life) but her voice and this song go soo good together!! Another hit Kehlani! 👌👌 can see this being featured playing in a tv show scene at that right whimsical  moment. 💖💖
I already know the whole song 😩💛🍯
that distraction turned into honey
It’s on Spotify now!!
Isn't anyone else gonna talk about how her jawline is sharp asf?? 🔪🔪\n\n\nThe song makes me feel the calming vibes though 😊
This is my favorite artist in the world
Straight but I LOVE this ....Dedicating this to myself
that soul we in love with <3
Bruh I really love her I can listen to any of her songs and just vibe ❤️
Why the fuck did I JUST now get a notification for this? YOUTUBE GET IT TOGETHER
Where's the rest of the album???????????
i think i'm gonna cry
This is a nice little groove. \nSidenote: start protecting your vocal folds now
idk if even it makes sense but this song feels cozy
This song is so beautiful
Jeez she is back at it
This is a beautiful song.im an up coming artist and my soundcloud is Farirai musoni
I knew this was going to be about girls before it even started playing.
Ain't even gay but I'm here for it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't even know what to say 😍💞💗🔥💯
me and my gay heart feel so attacked excuse u kehlani biiiiich
All the pretty girls in the world
THIS SONG IS A MASTERPIECE.
This song speaks to my soul 😍
this is the official gay anthem from now on
This little bundle of raw talent is just about  managing to save RnB from the mediocre wreck it has become. Beautiful song.beautiful girl.keep up the hard work.I love your work.shame it panders.
I'm glad that she's starting to express her gayness more 😍 I barley even knew she was into women like that 😏😝
I wanna try learning the guitar, her voice suits any kind of song I'm so jealous
😢 gosh mess me up 👏👏 this song is sweet like honey 😭👌
bouta leave my man so I can find me a cute honey to sing this to 😭😂😂😂😂 lmao playing but this so cute 💖
GAYLANI IS BACK AND I LOVE IT!!!
This song is so relaxing
You, Tori Kelly and Jojo need to hop a track together man
Who would unlike this 💀
this is the lesbian anthem
This is too beautiful. 😍👌🎶
This song makes me think people can belly dance to this
Greatest shit I've heard from her
THIS GAY SHIT GOT ME LIKE😶😶🤗\nI LUV HER VOICE I'LL LISTEN TO HER EVERYDAY ALL DAY💢💉😍😊💐
the song didnt start yet but im already fucking inlove with it.
I like it and I’m lesbian I only like girls I love the song
Gaylani on the loose now
Yesss something for the ladies!! I love it!! 🌈👭😍❤️
🌻🌟🌻
🔥🍯
A LESBIAN ANTHEM
Looooove it!!!!!!!! Beautiful honey
Living for this!! 🍯🍯❤❤❤
she and Camila should collab js
Yassss gurl
MY EARS ARE BLESSED
Yessssssss k💜💜✊
I'm obsessed 🐝
love thissssssss
I love it!
YAAASSSS
OMG 💖💖💖💖💖
💔
😍
i am actually bald.
so sweet and soft omg 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 love uuu my babe Kehnie ❤️❤️❤️❤️
She beautiful 😍
Tori Kelly and Kehlani need to collab!
Like honeeyyyy🙏😍
This song is giving me SZA vibes.
released on my birthday!!! yassss Lani! 💜
YAAASS GIMME THIS GAY FIRE 🔥🔥🔥
i love this
I love me some KEHLANI😍😍😍😍
🍯🍯💖
All kehlani fans GOD BLESS U
its so sweet 💛 :)
I like kehlani like I like my honey 🍯
Babyyy
🍯🍯🍯😍
Her and Hayley kiyoko should collab!
New song!!!!
H o n e y .🐝\nGGGrlz.🍯
YES
UhUh Give My Wig Backk We Playing Snatchess Now 🙄😍😭
love her!
KEHLANI IS A BI-CON BLESS
Did anyone notice that the letters H.O.E on the cover are in capitals ? 🤔
Dyke
i ain't lesbian butyesgirlsareSOOooOooOoOoOooOoperrrfedxtct
love breeders forever
I love when I refresh my YouTube subscription page and it's 1993.
What jerks voted this down? Breeders are back!
Just what I needed to start my day! THANK YOU! Welcome back!!!
I love it!  Kim Deal I love you forever!!  I've been a fan about that long anyway.  Kisses!  xxx
Wait in the Car debuted at #4 on the New Alternative 40 Chart this week:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5i76b0OrdIQ&list=PLxlSBzMcrtkMCVtuXEIz5BXpPfycTwsS5&index=4
Give me the album already
Still got it, unlike the Pixies...
Good to know that The Breeders came back to 4AD. This will bring again worldwide exposure the band deserves. Great track! Welcome back Kim, Kelley, Josephine and Jim!
So excited to see them at Union Transfer on November 6th! Last time I saw them live was opening for Nirvana twice in 1993.
YES! Now I can stop grumbling that everything new sucks.
'Wait in the car while mother beats the shit out of Sen. Jack Martins..'
I really dig it!
it was all i needed, thank youuuuuuu
God I love the breeders, But this sounds like an unused last splash b - side. Badly disappointed.
Love it.  New album, please.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH NEW BREEDERS
let's rock !!
the Breeders>>>>pixies
Love it.
I like it. sounds like the band off Yes Man
Good song... finally ! I missed good music from Breeders !
It's been a while...
GOOD. GOOD. GOOD. GOOD GOD I NEEDED THAT!
So the breeders are back, so is quicksand. Both sound awesome. \n\nNot really sure where this comment is going. But yeah, cool.
That feeling like when an old friend comes back in your life after hundred years. Kim, 😍
I'm a happy camper!! Looking forward to seeing them in Glasgow. This has made my day.
Love it, stoked for the new record.
holy fuck i needed this! 🔥🔥💘💘⚡⚡
Oh Oh, is this a new album I hear?
makes you wonder why it took them forever and a bit to bring out some new stuff... just to give you the impression, there's nothing more casual to do in the world, once you hear it.\n\nThey found a way to pack all the classical Breeders magic into this 2 minutes, making it as catchy as ever. Kim's always been a goddess in writing short songs with character. She still got it.\n\nim eager to hear more
Nice!!!   Btw. so excited to see you in Berlin in a couple of days :-)
I love you Kim
Love it!!! Classic Breeders. Aging like a fine wine and I like fine wine too ;)
So wonderful, just what I need!
Good song! Thanks for a nice surprise. :)
This is the best way of waking up
GOOD MORNING! This song is *everything*! Made my week/month/year/life.
It's got a good beat https://youtu.be/7g3P18rTFMA?t=1m35s
New Breeders material is welcome in these trying times.
Here are the lyrics I tried to decipher. I am not sure about some parts. Would love suggestions or edits from everyone else.\n\nTHE BREEDERS, WAIT IN THE CAR\n\nGood morning\nConsider I\nAlways struggle with the right word\nMeow, meow, meow-meow-meow\nAs a sinner, I\n(unlock?) nothing that neat\nSinner I\nSinner I\nSinner I\nOh-oh, oh-oh\nMother wants to hold me down\nOh-oh, oh-oh\nWait in the car\nI got business\nForget the sun\nTime to get off, take it or not\nCause strategies for punks\nMother wants to hold me down\nMother wants to hold me down\nGonna chase the stars\nMaking a map, scraping off the sky\nJust to fall back\nSinner I\nSinner I\nSinner I\nOh-oh, oh-oh\nOh-oh, oh-oh\nOh-oh, oh-oh
instant classic! I'm so happy! !!!
pls sir can i have some more
2017-10-07. 13:57 BST - 27 idiots have downvoted this masterpiece.
Breeders are back!!!
punk rock
hey pixies...(middle finger extended)
me encantan!!!! no cambian!!! perfecto!!
Meow meow meowmeow meow
comments disabled ?\nfor shame 4AD
Freaking!!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!
omg omg omg omg
Roll on 16th Oct Dublin
YESSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
BREEDERS  BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS BREEDERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its only 2 fukin minutes...???
yessssss <3
PUURRFECT!
Oh yes.
KOOL
Yay :-)
escuchando desde pinche México.
Banger!
Pretty good!
meoooow meeeow
YES! 💃👑🏆🍩🖤🎸
Finally
Good morning, Trump!
Good morning indeed
LOVE!!!!!!!
Good morning!!! Bom dia
Good morning \O thanks
Fantastic video.
I freaking love this!!!
Great Track!
Good morning!!punks!!
Good Morning , Buenos Días .
11teenth!\nGood morning!
Wots... uh the Deal?
YES! 💃👑🏆🍩🖤🎸
it hurts a bit to say that but: This song alone is better than the last Pixies record.... its raw, its fun, its 90's but its fresh!
I was 8 when I discovered Cannonball thanks to my dad. I'm 23 and I still want to see them live. Come in France Breeders!
Meow meow meow!!
hate to say it but its not much of  song. just sound like a well mastered rehersal jam to warm up. Dissappionted.
PostGrunge sounds like Burger'n'Fries nowadays
you're back!!!!
Vocals are boring
To help more dogs like Lena find their forever home, you can support the Takis Shelter: http://thedo.do/takis.
Why does this remind me of lookism...
Looks like a wild dog
Im sad not about this im sad about the dodo.not rescuing birds parrots
Greyhound dog is so playful and love to play with his friend and jump i have a greyhound dog too she is so fast
Amazing and beautiful story. Her transformation is so inspiring!
They're some dogs near where I live. I never see anyone one hope but I can see they're ribs. What do I do. My mom not gonna care But I do
Thank you for helping this pup to live and trust again.
Dogs are too pure for this world
Such a beautiful story and dog. <3
She looks so different
IM NOT CRYING, YOU'RE CRYING!
Its awful when people abandon their dogs. Unbelievable to be the same species as them.\nIts incredible when that same species finds these unfortunate dogs and take them in and care for them.
I have 5 dogs. All rescue dogs. They are all great. Love them.
That is sooo amazing!!!!! That man is soo kind!!!
That so cute this video is soo heart warming
Some say that humans are gifted because of the things we can build. We are gifted because of our power to heal the wounds that others create.
Why do people thumb down videos ?
God bless you. . Lena is so cute ..she loves unconditional..you done a fantastic job.
it is outrageous that someone could see  this dog and not do something to help it.   You don't have to be an animal lover to just do the right thing and  if you can't rescue her, find someone who can.    This sickens me!
She is so pretty
SHE'S TOO MUCH OF A GOOD GIRL
Maybe she thought the person would hurt her, but I'm glad she's happy now
Aww. Just a little love and kindness can make a big difference. Love the dog.
You're an Angel. God bless you for what you did. They can't help themselves innocent creatures. May blessings rain down on you. You're one in a million. Thank you for caring and changing this animals life and mine. So many bad things in this cruel world. Good to see some good.☺😊
Shame all humans can't be as forgiving.
It just broke my heart seeing an animal like this. :,)
Thank you for saving her life.
Whats good!!!! love watching you guys!! You guys always have good videos. Check us out Home of the XL Pitbull's in HoustonTx  WE are Ultra!!!!!
That’s a shame that is just a shame lord have mercy what made people do that to dogs😭😢😡
How was that dog still alive? GREAT JOB
All dogs, even the one person types, will be loving if given half a chance, then lots of patience and love.
Do you see the dog in my pic? Her name is Lena to❤️🐶
Sorry to ruin the vibes but anyone who thinks its acceptable to not only abandon a pet, but to tie it up and deprive it of a chance to forage and fend for itself needs to be hanged.
who lets their dog  get like that? just happy she was saved
48 dislikes? I already love my dogs more than human beings. The dislikes prove it.
I personally think this channel is a lot better than PETA's
0:01 when your anerexic cousins tells you they’re not hungry
Well done in restoring her back to fitness and emotionally being able to connect with humans again. an appalling thing is in the UK you can torture an animal to death and the maximum sentence is a pathetic six months imprisonment.
48 people have no soul.
She still seemed like she needed to gain some more weight. Unless, of course, she's just one of those skinny breeds.\nEIther way, she definitely looked so much healthier and happier. So glad she got the help and love she needed.
How wonderful -- it's amazing that dogs can learn to trust again if given enough care and nurturing.
Oh my Lord that poor thing thank you godbless you for saving the  dog
Poor baby I'm glad she was rescued.
She's so beautiful , glad there's people out there like. That guy that gives they poor little angels a second chance. Big respect
That's one hell of a transformation. It just shows a dog doesn't hold a grudge.
Made me cry. Well done for keeping going. Sometimes animals bite out of fear.. you can see when they are going to do it by their body language if you pay close attention
Awwww this made me cry lol happy tears! Lol great job! She is literally smiling 😀
Just so people know, you can make super cheap liposomal vitamin C from recipes online. This type of vitamin C is great for daily health or rescuing dogs like this one that were starved. It helps provide nutrients that they need and get them back to health.
She is such a beautiful and interesting looking dog. 🙂✌️
I feel like the person who left her their couldve been a homeless person that either left without her because they couldnt take care of her, was arrested maybe and never was able to come back or might have left one day and maybe died, leaving her orphaned. Those are the most likely choices seeing that there was a bed next to her and some supplies.
If we rescue these precious animals they will return that love😍 She is sooo beautiful
Avoid chickens also (KFC)...etc.\nSave all animals ! Both are equal to human 👍👍👍👏👏👏👏👏👏👍👍👏👏👏👏
This channel always lets me know that there is help for humanity. God bless
She looks like some idiot cut her ears half off with scissors. I'd be snapping at people too.
The righteous one cares for the soul of his domestic animal but even the mercy of the wicked is cruel proverbs 12 10
you are awesome that video made my day  God bless you
What a beautiful dog... whoever did that to her should have the same done to them!
Oh thank God! Thank you all for saving this poor sweet INNOCENT darling. It is NEVER the animals fault. WE are supposed to care for them-not just eat and abuse them. I am having trouble seeing my phone. Some crap in my damned eyes..thankyou Dodo.🐾😇😘😘
That's what I like yes gain more weight!
I want that dog. She's beautiful
Awesome job! Thank you so much for taking care of that dog and restoring her confidence and giving her a life. Much respect to you.
What kind of sick mofo would leave a dog and abandon it
NICE
its suprosing that this man is greek im greek and most ppl in my country are so ignorant
THANK U SOOOO MUCH FOR SAVING HER U ARE A HERO XXXX
I am so glad there's still people that helps these poor babies thank you rescues.for helping them God bless you
I hope the people who abused this poor creature ....are never allowed too own an animal again ...she looked sooo happy in the end ...God bless the rescuers xxx♡♡♡
Fantastic video, i am so pleased that she pulled through, i am really happy for her. No dog should have to go through that, but it happens all the time. Owners who buy dogs and abanden them like this should be fuckin shot, it annoys me so much. I am just glad that she made it alright thanks to the guy who took her in.
So i give her some whey protein to gain more muscle..
These transformings are amazing to watch!😍
For this dog to recover and even become social and loving is a testament to the good found in ALL dogs. Great job Takis Shelter folks!
You are a good man , God bless you with eternal life.
Wow, I wonder if that dog was fiercely protective of her rescuer.
Its so sad to see animals like that 😭
God bless him for not turning his back on her like whoever did this! This world is a better place because of rescuers and people who try to right the wrong done to so many animals! Thank you for what you do and who you are. Seriously.
I am crying now, I hopefully this poor dog will be happy and good place. he was a good person on the world for helped.
AND I THOUGHT IT WAS A CLICKBAIT. THAT DOG LOOKED FAKE. . NICE HEART FOR THE GUY THAT GAVE HER LOVE AND A SECOND CHANCE IN LIFE ❤
Cool video!!
She’ll soon get spoiled, she’ll soon get spoiled.....
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CUUUUUUUTEEEEEE
Oh is cute<3
AWEEEE
Awe so cute
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
THANKS DODO ANOTHER WINNING VIDEO BUDDY!!!!!!
brave toutou !!! 👍👍
Well done, sir.
♥♥♥♥♥ :`)
THAT DOG REMINDS ME FROM LOOKISM IN WEBTOON
Aww
Hero. Period.
god bless you... <3
Thats awesome! Well done
Aww beautiful girl
Good boy
Lo
Wow!!! Unbelievable transformation
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Thank you!
IF YOU WANT MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS SCREAM LOUD IN THE COMMENTS AND HIT LIKE ON THE VIDEO BECAUSE OTHERWISE I LIKELY WON'T I JUST NEED TO KNOW WHAT YOUS ACTUALLY ENJOY WATCHING FOR UPLOADING BETWEEN BIGGER PROJECTS OKEIS? Okeis :) ENJOY! xxx
Personality is definitely a huge reason as to why I subscribe to people. Also, I love this video, Melanie - it's like when you go out with your friends and you all get ready together, it's really nice. ❤️
LOVED THIS!
He's not gonna wanna ride me 😂😂\nMan I miss Ireland 👌🏾
you are such a natural beauty xx
When you pushed the jenga over you reminded me of a bitchy cat. 😂😂
I definitely watch youtubers for their personality. Id watch whatever you make lol
I follow people for either their quirky personality (Lost Pause, Brittany Lee Saunders) or their intellectual heaviness (Sargon of Akkad, Ben Shapiro) and sometimes, just a really beautiful person (oh, what's her name...Melanie something...)
I love all the videos you do but I do miss your makeup and skincare stuff. It was what made me start watching you in the first place and what helped me clear my acne. I really enjoy the real news of them and also find them super relaxing. Your spoken word videos are so powerful and my absolute favourite thing you've done.I hope you do a lot more of those too.
i couldnt explain how much happy i am seeing you putting makeup on..<3\nnever stop making them..
I only follow people that I would want to be friends with. I don't know if that's weird
Melanie channel 4 unreported wold is doing an episode about the vote for choice in Ireland!! Watching it now 7.30 Friday night xoxox
me too ! i watch videos for the person and their personality i just like it when they make different videos otherwise its boring the same thing over and over again, i totally agree with you .
LOVED THIS! Congrats again on the award Mel! I was giggling because of the tipsyness that was shown ;P
Another great video! Any chance of the hair brushing video I requested appearing soon?
I watch people for their personalities, I like hearing their perspectives on life and the world. I enjoy some beauty stuff as well but talky and arty videos are my favourite :)
I love your videos and you!! Your short film made me cry!!! 👌🏻❤️
Congrats on the award!! you are amazing xx
I love this video!! I love it.\nAlso, you surprised me in a Dodie video! It made me smile.
So I couldn't see any comments that said what I wanted to say. \nYour film was powerful and F***ing awesome, you definitely deserved the win and I hope you had a great time at the award show.
SCREAMING FOR MORE LIKE THIS!! <3333
Congratulations!!!!!! So happy you won!! To be honest, I'm from Canada 🇨🇦, and I had no clue abortion was illegal in Ireland until your film! So glad you are bringing more attention to the subject!
Im so proud of you for winning that award for your first short film cause it was bloody brill and such an important topic that needs addressing!!! Xxx
I subscribe to people for their personalities mostly. It almost doesn't matter what type of videos for me. If they draw me in and I find them interesting then I'll sit through whatever content they put out! I really like channels where it's not always the same thing, but you get to see the people being who they are
I am definitely going to try that hair trick with the straightener. I am terrible at doing hair. That's my next skill to tackle. I'm getting better at makeup but hair is still way over my head. No pun intended. Haha
Your staying in the hotel I stayed in when I was in Canada!!!
It must be legal or its a Pony.\n\nKeith Emerson is the head of British MET police.\nHis family are also underground prison gangs.\nThey are the National Front and run British police.\nKeith head of all that had a g/f when he was 14 with Katie Green a southern Irish that workd with Davidsons owners of McDonalds.\nKetih and Katie were in love and had a relationship.\nKatie this wasnt her first time.\nWhen she was 12 Katie had a sexual realtionship with another person.\nAnd this was her first time she was 12.\nThe she went out with the head of the British police when he was 14.\nI grew up with them. \nHead of Brtish police Keith, Jai and Dallas are close friends and work together in the National Front.\nThey've been working with the band Madness since they started and their songs are about other people and calling them paedophiles for relationships at 14 and 15.  They are working in a homosexual paedohile group that anal rims little boys uses MK Ultra torture techniques since I was very young and their involved closely with the police and their heads.\nThe British police are purposely inprisoning millions of people for sex with under age girls when they've been doing the same on many ocassions.\nCurrently they hyave 100,000 teenagers in prison for under age sex.\nMadness have a lot to answer for.\nKeith the head family of British police are what you call dunces, they hate education, they are the prison community, also they never went to school.\nThey are in government and this is why theres tuition fees, they dont value education and are trying to stop people going to educate, its the prison system and 911 was there first day at school, they hate.\nTheir family run British police and also the British army.\nThey are at war with America, they did 9/11 and 7.7.\nThey created the Pol tax and now the Universal credit made to make people homeless and their camping shop Trepass is ment for people made homeless by this Southern Irish family running the British police.\nThey are the IRA. And they run our British police and McDonalds calling British people peadophiles for 2 people having sex at 16 years old.
When the video starts with your favourite band! 😱😱😱
Personality is the only reason I follow someone. If the personality is there, I don't really mind what the topic is.
14:23 the girl from Lady Like on buzzfeed giving you the side eye lmao
I follow people I honestly think I could be friends with
Loving these types of videos, and I agree, I follow people more for their personalities, cos if I like them as a person I know I'll enjoy all their videos.  Congrats on the award, you really deserve it! xx
I like your chatty grwm. It's a good balance of make up and personality
I absolutely lurve these chatty grwm's where you talk about life and stuff and would love to see more!
Melanie you look bloody gorgeous! Well done on your film you super talented lady. Could I please ask where your earrings are from?!xx
I got ready while watching you getting ready and I did my hair while watch you being drunk on red carpet. Gotta go to school. Love you drunk! Love you forever! 😂💕
I found you like weeks ago and subscribed almost instantly because I really love you personality and the videos you make cause I admire the way that you speak your mind and do the things you love and not care about the rest. Luv ya Mel xxx
More videos like this, please! And congrats! :)
CONGRATULATIOOOONS IM SCREAMING JUST LIKE YOU SAID!! Though I follow YouTubers because of their personality tbh . Hannah, Lindsey Doe, Calum, Michael Rizzi, Jessie, you...
Love your vlog style, it'd be awesome if these were commonplace :)
Congrats Melanie on winning your award! I absolutely loved your film!!! Hope you had a blast in Toronto!! From one died red head to another, I feel your pain about the fade out. I product that I use and swear by the keep my red bright is the Ice Cream Hair mask. I don't know if you have it in Ireland. Literally put it on your hair (dry), leave on for 20mins then wash out as normal. I always get asked if I've re-dyed my hair after I use this stuff. Much love from Toronto!!!! <3<3<3   http://www.inebrya.it/en/products/special-treatments/kromask/cherry-red
Please do more of these vlogs! Your personality is straight up magic!!!
This is crazy I'm a Canadian viewer and I knew exactly where you were staying in Toronto and stuff cuz I can recognize it all in the vid 😂😊
I first started following you after seeing Femme at Buffer last year! And I really enjoy videos where you just chat about different topics I love hearing about your opinions :) xx Choice is amazing btw
Drunk and giggly Melanie makes me so happy <3 LOVED your film!
more like this please !! your vlogs are my favorite (:
food/fashion/video game/cat life vlogs---and THIS one as well, please know we like these :)
Love you, Mel! I just wanted to know, what straightener did you use to style your hair? You're beautiful. ❤️
Watching this makes me want to get together with my friends for drinks and fun--it's been too long. :-)
cuz I plan on drinking a lot, and maybe dancing... and if I cry, as well \n\nOkay so you're me 😂❤️
I love the vibe of your videos :)
YES YES YES MORE OF THESE KINDS OF VIDEOS PLEASE!!! Feels casual and chill and just a really great video that shows off your brilliant personality!
congratulations on winning the award!!!!!
Congratulations, you really deserve it!! You never fail to amaze me! ❤
If the people knew...: *cut*\nWe will never know... 😔
I follow youtubers for their content and humor mostly, and i subscribed to you cuz your videos somewhat have a calming effect, understandable cuz you have anxiety and you understand what's needed for us to calm down. And your enviable foods from your Food Diary Fridays. Plus, that accent 💚 who wouldve thought you've got all these interesting stories, and the causes you fight for ( physical and mental health, sexuality + lgbt, etc) made you one of my fav youtubers.
I am so proud of you for your work and for winning and ughhhhhhhhh I wish I could hug you!\nAnd yes, I too subscribe and follow people mostly for their personality. You too. <3
I love your chit chat make up. Best ones love youuuu
I just wing this every time. EeeEHHHHH!!!! LOL\nI can't hears yehs...you're not talkin to me. OMG LMAO\nCallum should announce all the awards shows. LMAO
this made me laugh so much :D
Knocking over that tower could have been drunk me as well! You are my spirit animal! :D
Loveeee this type of video, it feels more personal :) I tend to follow and subscribe to people who have similar interests too myself and people who if I met them I would deem as someone I would have as a friend :) xxxx love you Mel, keep doing you
Congratulations!! Super happy for you - really, really well deserved!! ❤️
Congratulations on the award!! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Love it congrats you deserve the award 💚 🙂
💚💚💚
I'm so happy you had a lovely time and you won an award! How amazing is that?! :) I thought I recognized your outfit as I work at Coast so I'm glad you like our stuff as I love your style, it's so quirky which is what I like :) Also I subscribe for personality, I get bored easily so personality is what grabs me to a person and yours is so down to earth :)
A 58 year old couple in the US watches you because you're a lovely young lady who helps keep us in touch with what it means to be young. \n\nDuring your hair prep my wife said I didn't know you could do that. Not sure what. Think I'll find out.
would you ever consider only using cruelty free makeup, not trying to be rude or anything I am just curious :) love your videos
You, Dodie and Hannah are some of my favorite youtubers. I just love all of your personalities!
Yess, love those videos!! more videos like this!
Wow congrats on your short film Mel!! I've shown it to my parents and gran to start discussion for the referendum next year since I can't vote!!
Congrats Mel! You deserve it babe 💚
Congratulations Melanie! You totally deserved it!
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
ADTR & Melanie 💚💚💚💚
Well done Melanie.
MELANIE YOU'RE ON TRENDING
😆 😂 butt lol Hahha ccc
Congrats you beautiful green Butterfly 💚💚
You little mischief :D Knocking that perfect Jenga down hhahaha <3
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Riyadh posing for the pic HAHAAHA
CONGRATULATIONS MELANIE!!!! SOOOO PROUD OF YOU DOLL 💚💚💚💚
You look stunning! xx
Anyone know what brushes shes using?
aaaawww so happy for you! CONGRATULATIONS MELANIE ❤️❤️❤️
Yes more vids like this!!!💕
Ah congratulations, Melanie!! 😁👏
#BoycottNars
Congrats darling! So happy :3
Un eu su.
Tony didn't rape u  you lying bitch you slut
what colour is your poo?
MELANIE, \nCONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR WELL DESERVED AWARD WIN! \nYour sensitivity, warmth and humanity come through loud and clear in your work and your presence. Your thoughtful conversation, (especially at 7:40) always speaks straight from your heart. And Darling is why you are a stunner inside and out. Keep doing what you do.
Melanie, girl. I really like you!! But, stop touching your hair , the whole time, its destructing!!
I can't remember the last time you posted a video which wasnt on trending😂x
So gorgeous, love. And so proud of you for winning that award!! xoxo.
My favorite movie is Titanic  , it did look like it in the movie !! Love video
Hahaha I'm so glad you liked the chocolates! Sitting sick in bed coughing my brains out and watching your vlog is the only thing making me feel better. LOVE YOU GIRLIE!
Amazing
Gayyyyyy
Colab with Rob Welch ;-)
Song at 10:11
I run a freecoaster on my mtb
If you made a wheelie video I would watch, fuck this shit
Your like the British Fabio wibmer
Nissan GTR S2
Sick
bbb shoud be a thing bring back bmx
Yes scouser love ur videos
Sounds like spark plugs
Soo stoked you landed it bro!
im starting to like thos mtbs man!
Nice
Go on man!!
Amazing
Amazing
Ride dirt bmx with Matt Jones
That was feking aweesomeoo!!!!!!
Enduro for life <3
Not a downhill bike
do another collab with ryan taylor
Make a trail
Get a hardtail mountain bike
@3:45 sorry
Yes lad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Matt Jones!!!!!!
Great vid
Knew this would happen
make a bmx video
PLLZZ watch this mad bmx got me too hypedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcsX5ra6SFE&t=387
ride woburn sands with matt
Go to woodys bike park Cornwall
It’s not a down hill bike it’s an enduro
you should build a up a dirt jumper
Damn. Do you really not know shit about mtb
Don't ever wear a motor cross helmet downhill, a downhill helmet and a motor cross helmet break a different speeds, when you crash you want to make sure your helmets breaks and takes some of the impact
Go and have an MTB session with Barry Nobles and Caroline Buchanan in their back garden.
Hi Harry, I really like your vids keep it up. I also upload MTB content. Thanks for the Sick video!!!!
Come to Surrey hills
Which accent is this?
Never call that a DH bike again xD that hurts so much.
Dude you should try Red Bull Rampage. Go for it
He needs to ride a technical track that’s where the fun is at
Skegsy Killing it with the camera shots and slow mo. 👍 Do a triathlon, all three of you. Events are, Downhill trail (downhill bike), Skate park (Bmx) , then street (scooter).
Collab with Sam Pilgrim in a game of bike. BMX vs MTB and vice versa.
I don't know if I should get a mafiabike black jack or a proper mountain bike. Plz help
Yes Harry and good for getting the five tens!
You should do BMX trikes on your downhill mountain bike
Someone tell him to stop calling it a downhill mtb bike
harry, i love ya i really do. but stop calling it a DH bike! its a enduro mtb not a DH
I’ve just brought a new bike more expensive than my motocross bike was! Sat at home with the flu and this makes me want to ride so bad !!  Arrgh!! Great vid. !!
Windhill - come to Windhill in Wiltshire with Sam Pilgrim and Blake Samson then goes see the Lions of Longleat!
Game of BIKE with you on the hardtail and Matt on your bmx
Game of bike on the mtb
Stop saying it's a downhilllll bikeee it's nottt
Cool vid but just to clear things up... It's NOT a downhill mtb!!
why did you get rid of the stretchers?
ITS A FUCKING MOUNTAIN BIKE NOT A BMX U DOWNY
Stop calling it a downhill mountain bike, u rookie
do a game of bike
put a dj fork on the blackjack
You should call your subs the mainers
That guy is amazing and you are to hurry main
you have to head into the mountains!!!!! either scotland or wales!! both hav some sick bike parks/DH trails n that! get your wheels on some natural trails aswell man nothings been built to ride u just hav to go for it!!! best feeling ever!
You need to get a hardtail and kill the game!!!
Stop calling a enduro a dh bike look how high your seat is
matt what preasures do u ride are u tubeless or not and is a vitus nucleus sutable for this stuff
Harry is Glowing! New bike legs!
Loving these mountain bike videos. Awesome to see you trying new stuff. Thanks Harry
Great stuff. Take the 26 in mafia out with your new bro and pull some sick tricks. I ride a Marin Alcatraz .ask Matt Jones how the blackjack fairs against the Alcatraz?
just because John hicks got a mtb you got one for the views
Matts a legend! Dirt jump steeze all the way 👍
Swap bikes with Matt. U ride the hardtail he rides the BMX
What back hub does harry ride on the mtb
Can you ride bmx again I think moutain bikes are cool but I like bmx alot
These are my favorite videos!!
I learned to front flip in that foam pit 😏
You Gotta take it to some dirt jumps now you have destroyed the park!
Already waiting for you to review your rr
Ride chicksands bike park it's gnarly! And is suitable for all riders
Ffs it’s not a dh bike
Love the music throughout the videos what music is it?
Take him on the trails dirt jumps or something \n\n\n\nMany challenge \n\n\nRide street will be a good on a mountain bike. Bome some stairs
You are such a crazy talented athlete! Makes me so happy to watch you riding and progressing on everything with 2 and 4 wheels. Big ups to you Mr Main
Class vid ! Rode downhill for years and now getting in to bmx ! Wish i had years ago , love it ! Impressive how well u have taken to the full sus ! Totally inspired by ur vids and my wee boy loves them 2 and will be getting a mafia bmx for xmas ! Keep up the best content on youtube!!! Yes lad 😄😆📹📷💻🎥🎅🎁 !!!!
Go to black mountains cycle centre 😂 and have a blast with some air time
Dirt jump game of BIKE
Do some bike servicing with him and some days out riding
Trip to Surrey Hills with Matt Jones would be the greatest video ever!
Go to chicksands with Matt
your mtb vids are the best you have done for a while
What an awsome video!!! wuld love to see you hitting some slopestyle stuff or some nice bike park jump trails with matt jones
Can it get any better\nFrenchie content now mtb too!\nLove the vids
MTB is where all the none salty BMXers went ;)
It’s not a downhill mtb it’s enduro mtb
Game of bike has to be done between harry and matt
I wanna se you on the splatter fuel rocker bmx in that skate park with skegz
Please!!!! Stop calling your MTB a downhill bike. It is a dirt jumper.
Exelente video  me suscrivo👍
Wooow mas videos asi este estuvo genial
Debo ir a ese museo de halo, algún día estaré ahí.  Yo no conocía Xbox, aquella vez (hace ya 16 años) fui a Liverpool a comprar el ps2 slim, esa era la idea, pero al llegar al área de juegos encontré un stand de Xbox, con eds caja negra enorme y una pantalla, ese día pude jugar el ninja gaiden y me enamore de la consola, microsoft es garantía de calidad y me tiene muy satisfecho como usuario.
14:05 Qual é o nome do jogo???
16:15
Y los exclusivos? :V
luke <3
Minuto 4:57 jajaja xD
bendita retrocompatibilidad
The most powerful console ever made.  -Microsoft \n\n Yea, and so has been pretty much every other console at the time it was released.  I don't get why they thought this was some unique selling point.
Spoileado la nueva interfaz  :)
muy buen  like
excelente video sr pontón
Hey es luke lafremiere from linus tech tips
💩💩💩
yo vi una ps4 :v
Falto el francotirador
Por fin tendré la consola mas potente de la historia.
Ei compa me ymaginos que tienes xbox one x
cuando salga la retro con xbox original con que tenga unos 300 de todos los que tuvo basta, no necesitamos más así que
Unicos ¡¡ buen video ¡¡
Y las exclusivas?
crimsom skies y fuzion frenzy
Buen video
Buen video
Luke de linus tech tips
Manyyy!!!!!
Estuvo genial el vídeo, saludos ponton.
videote unocero . saludos desde Colombia
Que gran video :3
Qué pasó con Ninja Gaiden :'/
Best trabajo ever
MEGA EXCELENTEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mi mayor sueño echo realidad 😍❤
Toma tu puto like y un nuevo suscriptor
01051317 los años en que salieron las consolas  (xbox, xbox360, xbox one, xbox one x)
O habéis visto los laboratorios secretos de Panos!!!
010511317  los años donde se han Sacado las consolas 01 05 13 17
falto que preguntaran de porque cobraban por jugar online
Son los 2 últimos dígitos años en que salieron cada una de sus consolas
Oye y cuando nos explicas como se hizo la Xbox One X??? Por que solo han mostrado los prototipos, una imagen general del taller dónde se elavora y los componentes de la consola...
Y las luces rojas por si llega a fallar
en el minuto 4:13 sale Luke de Linus techtips!
El numero es del Spartan 17 el Jefe Maestro
HAHA ME rio de la retrocompatibilidad .... PC = juego que se te antoje
Hubieras preguntado cuándo sale un Age Of Empires para Xbox XD
01051317 son los años en los que se lanzaron las consolas del Xbox (Xbox 2001, Xbox 360 2005, Xbox one 2013 y Xbox scorpio 2017)
Me tiene la chorrada de la consola más potente del mundo , por parte de Sony y por parte de Xbox x , yo lo que quiero que una consola reviente en gráficos a otra ya me da igual Play que Xbox , no están dando consolas de puta mierda
El número que preguntas son los años en los que fueron lanzadas las consolas de Xbox. 2001 Xbox original, 2005 Xbox 360, Xbox One 2013, Xbox One x 2017...
En todo el video solo esperé el momento donde entrara al estudio de 343 Industries! Cielos! Frank O’connor! Ah! Ahh!!
vamos a ver que pedo, a ver si no la cagan en errores como la ps4 o en juegos caca como en la xbox one normal, o como los juegos de multiplataforma de baja calidad como la Nintendo Switch.
Xbox one x es edición ilimitada?
Los números ‘01051317’ corresponden a las fechas en que salieron las generaciones nuevas de Xbox correspondientes a su año de salida. Me prometiste un premio.
Podrian me menos OBVIO que es un publi reportaje
Maicrosoft tiene mejor tecnologia que todo mexico jajajaa que pena 😓😓😓
Si no me equivoco los números del minuto 12:05 significan las fechas en que salieron las consolas de Xbox. 01 es el año del 2001 cuando salió la primera Xbox, 05 es 2005 el año que salió Xbox 360, 13 es 2013 el año que salió el Xbox One y el 17 es 2017 el año en que saldrá la Xbox one X escorpión :)
Que buena consola me la voy a comprar déjame nomas verder mi riñón
Los numeros:\n0105101317\nson años importantes para xbox como \nlanzamiento, diseño o rediseño de consolas
como se llama el juego de pelotitas?
con toda esa tecno. a PS4 se la pelan!!
alguien me puedes decir cómo se llama el juego o como lo puedo buscar, en donde ponton juega con otros tres y se cae de la plataforma.
Impresionante! Que bueno Xbox!
pues los números serían en el año que salieron las consolas xbox no ? \nMi premio :v
Cuando te das cuenta que gears no tiene museo porque lo juega puro chilango haha
Desde mi primer Xbox 360 supe lo que es calidad! antes con los joystick de Ps3 y Ps2 solo duraban 2 años, con Xbox aun estan intactos! gran pero gran calidad de consola y juegos, jamas me arrepentiria, gran video!
Que triste que inviertan tanto en cosas que no son importantes deberían invertir mas en hardware
Espero no te enojes pontón proyecte el vídeo en una clase en la UNAM y mis alumnos quedaron facinados jejeje
Desde colombia ,ciudad de neiva excelente video regaleme un codigo de juego man
Bueno esta es como de espuma me mató de risa
El numero es la fecha en que salio el x box one day one edition
tengo 2 opciones por lo del NUMERO de SERIE 01 es el lote 05 es el mes de fabricación 13 es el dia de ese mes y 17 es el año \nla otra es que el 31 que señalas es la semana de fabricación de ese lote el 7 es el año 2017  osease que se fabricó en agosto ese xbox one x y los demás números determinan el tipo de modelo o la edición 01051ojala y gane algo chido están muy padres sus videos saludos no me pierdo los tips and chips y las review de autos saludos desde Reynosa TATATATTATATAMAULIPAS
01 2001 xbox 05 2005 xbox 360 13 2013 xbox one 17 2017 xbox one x los años en los que se sacaron los xbox
01051317 son los años en los que salió cada generación de consola
Es una mamada que en estas épocas sigan echando mierda a cierta empresa veo muchos echando mierda a Xbox siendo que pueden tener ambos mundos sin perderse los juegos de ambas consolas el que defienda al PC o al ps4 ya es porque de plano no es un gamer es una rata el gamer juega de todo en todas la consolas no defienda o no se casa con una marca que el monopolio es malo y jode la industria .......
Los números son los años en los que lanzaron las consolas v:!
El procesador es intercambiable??????
Xbox es una excelente marca con prestigio a nivel mundial pero porfavor enfoquense ya en Juegos exclusivos si no todo poco a poco se va a ir abajo reaccionen Microsoft!!
Sin duda el sueño de todo Geimer es estar ay que envidia unocero saludos
cada quien tiene sus gustos, pero a mi siempre me ha gustado xbox
Ahora que ya viene el Xbox one x deberían sacar un video con opciones de pantallas para esta consola
01 05 13 17 fue el día que inició de la elaboración o el plan para proyect excorpio y al final su año de lanzamiento
Como se hizo??... Como siempre micrsoft ponr de perrito a sus fanboys se saca la tranca y embiste sus culos sin lubricante.... Les vende una consola 4k que solo 3 juegos correran a 4kpuesto qur se les.olvida que salen tambien en xone, es decir haran una version media para xone en dg y para pc y xonex en escalada... Si asi como qusieron hacer la venta del siglo con xone s por su BD ULTRA, y se le olvido al papanatas spencer que esta es la era del stream y el.formato fisico solo vive en laa consolas y la musica,(esta mas de milagro) no por nada netflix mando a su tumba a blockbuster, asi ahorq querra vender una consola 4k sin juegos 4k y que parq colmo sus exclusivos son indies y sin menospreciar pero pocos podran hacer minima justicia a la :potencia de xonex, ms la ha cagado una vez mas, es como tener un pc gamer para terminar usando emuladores de pong o virtualboy, nes snes etc... Eso corre con el pobre y arcaico hardware de la primer xbox asi que espero se entienda que ms les esta vendiendo la consola de los indies y retros aue podrian jugar con emulador sin espera retrocompatiblidar y sin gastar por el nuevo adorno de sobremesa de microsoft un coge polvo con lucesitas!!!
Se escribe Sea Of Thieves, NO se escribe Sea Of Thiefes JAJAJA
Hermosura de Xbox One X lastima que aca en Ecuador llegue a unos $750 :(
Falto un cuarto especial de gears of war jeje aun así hermoso el museo de halo 😍
la edición  Xbox scorpio me recuerda a Alien, el 8° pasajero, no se porque, tal vez el verde
Me encantó el video por que es una visión de la compañía que nadie más ha realizado, muy interesante y auténtica por parte de uno cero.
Excelente video me imagino la diversion q t pasaste ya anciamos q salga xbox x
Super el contenido del canal
Jamas pensé ver Halo en este canal, que genial vídeo
.....el único problema será su elevado precio aquí en México....espero y valga la pena esos $17,000 que valdrá está consola.\nYo no sé ustedes....\nPero yo no considero los videojuegos como un júguete los considero un privilegio de antiestrés y una excelencia que solo puede ser superada como cuando vees una buena película por su trama desde un principio hasta el fín,...es inmersión un espectáculo visúal y un mar de sensaciones y séntimientos.\nExcelente Video!
Cómo se llama el juego en el que están todos juntos, jugando zumo
Hello! Can we please get English translation for closed captioned?? Looks like an interesting video! ☺
No puedo escuchar la música al mismo tiempo que juego como en 360?
Estan jugando fusion frenzy con uno de los integrantes de Linus Tech Tips?
Éste es el amigo de la Morsa?
Exelente calidad de producción y potencia ....ahora se viene el vídeo de cómo hacen sus juegos....wait pero si no tiene juegos ! Bueno pero igual este video es muy bueno
Los numeros Son los años mas importantes de las elaboraciones  de las consolas xbox
El fetiche del canal de Unocero de siempre tomar, manosear y destruir la cosas, ya aburren un poco no? :/
Para que se descomponga cómo mi mugrosa Xbox One Day one qué casi no usaba gracias mocosoft
LOL!!! Don't come for me. It's all fun and love. #SuperSixty is starting now! Which means I'm responding to comments for the next hour. AND GO! xo
Lilly please make your parents react to your own video,if men had boobs
Please Please Pleaseeee!!! React to minzy's superwoman it suits you very much
do a parents react to charlie puth attention
I can’t breath😂😂
At 1:43, I died of laughter!!!! Wow her mom is pretty curious about that!
Tell Me How D-Trix Is Kissing Lilly But Not Dating Her???
Sometimes I forget these aren't her actual parents.
U should make a video w meredith foster
Lol I was almost freaked out when dad and mum saw you and the guy kissing 😂🤣special effect...!
Who else was just here because of Logan Paul?
Your parents didn't say any of the names right
High key that was so accurate lol
I sometimes forget that she's just acting like her parents but umm how u get 2 Lilly's
Are you ACTUALLY friends with Logan Paul? Cuz your parents' reactions to him match my opinion of him exactly. I was kind of disappointed when I opened the description box and saw a link to his channel there. What an absolutely awful human being and a terrible influence. We don't need people like that in the internet, much less in the world.
His head look like front of titanic.  Lol XD
can they react to look what you made me do by taylor swift
I LOVE HOW U DID YOUR MAKE UP!!!!!!!!!
Can someone tell me what happened to iisuperwomanii's hair
OMG I LOVED THIS! You should do another one but this time include the Dolan Twins and Shane Dawson!
Love the video and the channel. Sooooooo hilarious 😂😂🤣🤣🤣
Me at 0:18 *starts to sing what makes u beautiful by 1D* #directionerisapromise 😂😂
'His hair looks like the front of titanic' -Lily's fake mom 2017
his hair looks like the front of Titanic I LOST IT
Hey is there a option to just get the girl love pin and not the bracelet because the bracelets probably  won't fit me because my wrist is very small and I don't have enough money for the bracelet.
lilly are you friends with logan paul
I LOVE YOUR HAIR❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
can you shout me out
WHERE ARE DAN AND PHIL
i love your new hair color <3
Omg i love this video
Yes the Indian parents
I love you Lilly ❤️❤️❤️
you are so ture but why your real family and do a live steam
what the f you did too your hair lily\nway  red  maked in another colour plz plz
4:53 when I realize I have school tomorrow
Lilly!! You have to do a part 2!!! I LOVE THIS!!
She has 93k likes hoooo no
@IISuperwomanII pls react to DNA PLS BTS
Your awesome and i love your vedio
0:57 still laughing 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hi
Pls react  to Shikra  my hips don’t lie
React to Melanie Martinez!😍
Where is Ryan Higa?
😂🤣😅
😂😂😂😂
i'm deadd lmao
I love the way your dad always introduce his self
Is that actually your parents
i love this channel
Do a handstand and mob 😂😂😂
What about “Boy Love”
The application vine died because if you wow..... Your mom is a savage
4:52 I died😂😅😂😅😂😅😂😅😂😅😂😂😅😅😂😅😂😅😂😂omggggg😂😅😂😅😂😅
Hi
PLESDE DO A VIDEO WITH LOGANNNNNNNNNN
Okay, seriously, lily and d-trix are dating, right?
OMG are your parents really like this? If they are i wouldn't be able to keep a straight face around them! Your Dad is my favourite, especially when you kissed D-Trix, he was so angry! I loved this video, thank you for making me laugh AGAIN!!! Xxx
Sorry, but pause at 4:37 and look at Manjeet 😂😂💗
Parents react to American Kids taste Indian food!
you should have your parents try to use musically
his head look like bloody titanic 😂😂😂😂
You should do your parents react to ur watch history
I love you your my favorite Youtuber
Loool who thought it was some game tryna figure out who the person they were saying the name of was
Who died and made you get a that hair color
I will literally find and murder you! I died...🤣🤣
LOL I love watching Lilly's mam and dad on YouTube they are hilarious I nearly cry watching them Lilly is good as well but her parents OMG. 😂😂😂😂
Dam when her parents say does everyone on YouTube do drugs but Logan says this could mean drugs
Do more of these
I love these 😭😂😂
👋👋👋
Logang Paulers! !!!!!
#LOGANG4LIFE
All my fav youtubers  jn one vid
Can u collab with Logan ?
Hi ramdom person thats reading the comments
THAT HAIR DOE
PLEASE TELL UR PARENTS TO REACT TO BTS DNA
Lol 😂
do a part 2!!
For a moment when manjeet and paramjeet pronounced their names I thought _WHO ARE THESE YOUTUBERS? FAMOUS? EH!..._ AND WHEN THE VIDEO POPPED UP I WAS OH OH!! 😂😂😂❤❤❤
Any one else get the fuller House reference of harrrddvaaarrddddd
I love all of those youtubers😍😍
Lily drawing on yourself can cause skin cancer if you do it too much.
Love her hair
Dat red hair tho...... Gawjus <3
Where the logangsters!!!!
LOGANG 4 LIIIIFEE!!!
YASSSS ALISHA!!❤❤🙌
Plss do a my parents react to #YouAlreadyknow by Fergie feat Nicki Minaj
What is holographic? Cristine would be disappointed 😂
Hi Beza
Parents react to lele pons?\n\n\nLIKE IF AGREE
Damn Manjeet is smooth 😏
Logan 4life
His hair looks like titanic hahahaha
Still want react to Taylor Swift LWYMMD
Omg your hair is GOALS!!!!!    I love you so much
This is why I love Celine, she's pure & good & has such a big heart that is brave, solid & consistent, giving and so much more!!\n\nIt's not about her talent, it's about how she touches humanity, and is able to really connect with us that sets her apart from the rest.\n\nIn the UK 🇬🇧 we have a monarchy, and they live a public life, but even my own queen has no comparison to Celine. There has been only one other woman in my lifetime , who I can say lived for people and touched them in her way; and that was of course the beautiful Diana Princess of Wales. \n\nCeline is not all about fashion, money, and blasting out note perfect rifts during concerts.  She gives back something far more significant that cannot be measured in $ £ € signs. \n\nShe gives something she will never get back that is far more Valuable and that is of course her time. Time is the most Valuable thing we can give anyone, it doesn't stop, we can't go back in time, and none of us know exactly how much of it we have.\n\nCeline does this because she WANTS to do it, not because she HAS too!! \n\nShe gives love, support and comfort; and shows solidarity, at a time when people are scared,  lost and hurting. \n\nIf we all took a leaf out of her book, and were able to love one stranger each, no one would be alone in this world.\n\n And if we give a little of our love away, it will sure make a difference every night and day, and if we hear the whisper of what the hearts trying to say, \n\nWe can sure make a difference, in some small, in some small way \n\nBravo once again Celine & thank you for everything you have done and continue to do for humanity, through your music and your ability to bring people together from all corners of the world.\n\nYou have always remained true to the people, your family and most importantly true to yourself and dear René. This is why we love you and this is why we have kept loving you for all of these years 💜\n\nI just wish there were more women like you and Princess Dianna in the here and now and in the further, when our time on this world has long been spent. \n\nI feel we all need too understand that the only thing that we can do to improve the future, is to take action NOW, we need to look after one another, love one another, and protect our children and teach them correctly and go back to older values of respect trust and strength. It all comes back to time though doesn't it?\n\nYou have one life, one chance to make a difference. And you have a choice! \n\nWhen your clock runs out how will you be remembered? \n\nAs someone who made a difference to humanity and looked after their community, family, friends and complete and utter strangers and give them the most expensive thing you own TIME!'
My name is Alex, I'm a producer for KTNV Channel 13 news in Las Vegas. May we have permission to use this video on our newscast?
You're an angel, Céline! I admire your generosity. I hope these families will be in peace. It was very sad what happened. The world needs more love, the world needs more people just like you. #VegasStrong 🙏❤
What an absolute sweetheart. A lovely woman. ❤️💕
#theshowmustgoon \nWe should to be strong ! We support family and we will help them. Thanks Celine Dion and team Celine to always being here to help the world.
<3 <3 <3 <3
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
we need more souls like Céline's on the World <3 God bless you.
The world need many Celines.\nYou are our always our inspiration every thay and ever way.\n\nLove you forever 💚❤
Celine is an angel❤❤
Such a great woman I love you Celine
love love love
❤❤❤❤❤
Thank you celins
YES,  The world need many Celines.
That confused man who did this horrible thing i believe as the bullet entered his head realized he fucked up.  To late
What a beautiful angel Celine is. God Bless you
Excellent choice of words, spoken from the heart. There's nothing phony about this, I'm so sick of the hateful comments about this woman. Why would you seek out and spend time watching someone you hate? I've never been that bored. It's sad.
USA got what it payed for. ISIS I mean. You gave them money you got shot
Amazing Celine your a angel truly. ❤️
I can't stop crying ...
Thank you for your generosity.  God bless you, Celine.
I admire and respect everything about this woman and I always have.
QUEEN OWN A PURE GOLD HEART💖💖💖  We Love You Queen Celine Dion
Amen! This woman is an example. RIP beautiful souls🙏
❤️❤️
Incredible. She is beyond awesome.
Truly an angel ❤️
# All states strong
Belo gesto. Parabéns!!!
love my canadian woman....Bravo Céline !.......
Love you Celine.😊😊❤❤❤
beautiful speech!! #VegasStrong
Hey #VIPs & #NotificationSquad!! So, I'm gonna be honest.. I still can't get over the fact that I accidentally created a pencil with *eight* sides instead of six. 🙈😳 But, mistakes happen and that's all a part of learning! 😊 So, to help me feel like I'm NOT alone, share your own cake horror stories with me BELOW! 👇👇👇
it must be a coconut cake
It's a coconut cup
It's one of those coconut cups you can drink out of with a straw sticking out on the top left ( Pardon my poor english skills ;) )\n#cakebookquiz
Can you make a Twilight cake please
# lists are fun
#listsarefun
#NotificationSquad Yolanda, please made a Halloween video for cakes, call it Yolaween :) Like so she can see!!
Coconut with a straw
I barely found your videos yesterday and I LOVE them!! Your cakes are absolutely AMAZING and you are hilarious! I love the way your videos are edited too
it's a coconut cake
Coconut
#CakeBookQuiz it's a coconut drink with either a flower or umbrella. My guess is that the cake AND buttercream have coconut in it 😍😍
It’s a coconut
Pls make a pennywise cake
A coconut!! #cakebookquiz
Its a coconut juice that u see in those fancy movies where there having at the beach
# list are fun
it's a shaved coconut!!
It's a coconut
you should make a grave yard cake with monsters and a pumpkin carrage cake
Coconut filled with coconut water
Hi I'm EVania and  I  like cakes
#lists are fun
make a baby bottle
It is a coconut drink cake
Make a batterfly cake
A coconut with an umbrella?
#lists are fun
coconut cake
#LISTSAREFUN
I think the cake at the end is a coconut cake
It's a coconut!!!\nwith palm trees in the background
#list
Young coconut cup cocktail cake!!
Coconut
I think the cake is a coconut cake
Detailed pencil. Stick of fondant for graphite. Basically me when I bake
A coconut cup
It is a coconut cake 💙 #cakebookquiz
Coconut cup thingy??
Coconut cake,😏😏
#Listsarefun
#Cakebookquiz \nIt’s a coconut cup thing...\nUm, yeh It’s a coconut cup where you put like... fruit punch... or um... cocktail or simply coconut milk\nYeh that’s my guess!!!!
coconut punch cup
I KNOW WHAT IT IS!!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nCake    XD
It is more iceing than cake 🎂🍰
Can you make a cake of you with you wearing a how to cake it tee
I think the cake was a Coconut
It’s a coconut drink
#listsarefun
It is probably the coconut cup
#ListsAreFun
#listarefun
ITS A COCONUT DRINK THINGY.
Coconut cup with a straw
You should make a rapunzel cake
Cake
#LISTAREFUN 😂😂😂😂😂
ITS A COCONUT CUP SHAPE THINGY IDK MAN
Nacho Superbowl cake
It looks like a normal pencil to me and as long as it tastes good idc what it tastes like
Make a slime cake
#CakeBookQuiz I think it's a bowl of noodles or rice with chopsticks!!
COCONUT CAKE IN YOUR BOOK
i think that it is tinker belle
A cocanut  drink is the cake
#listsarefun
#listarefun #listsarehot
The cake was a coconut drink!
#listarefun
Coconut water
Cn u make a unicorn frap cake plz??????!!!!!!!?!?!
Part of princesses Tiana's dress
You and Rosanna should team up
It's a pear
the cake is going to be a coconut
The cake is a coconut milk cake
Baby Milk bottle cake like if u agree
its a coconut cup!! I think
Coconut cut with a straw
It's a Hawaiian cocnut drink with and umbrella and straw
I think it's a coconut cup, tropical.
Its a straw in Coconut to drink its water (Coconut Water)\n\n#CakeBookQuiz
THE CAKE IS... BEAUTIFUL. Jk it’s a pina colada in a coconut.
#lists are fun!!!!*💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
a coconut cake that is shaped like a coconut with a straw and flowers
White and green cake
#listsarefun
Bowl of Rice cake #CakeBookQuiz
Mari gras cake
Can you make a carmel apple cake????
Coconut cup
She has on invisible braces u rich man
A cake
Coconut
I love lists
Shaved coconut cup
School bus cake!!!
Has Yolanda always have braces
Check  It  boys & girls Bangla Real Love Mashup (2017) DJ SHD ft DJ Parag Biswas \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_Bhq1iGK5M\n\nDownload Audio Link: : http://bit.ly/2xmDlHA\n\nTrack list\n1. Mon Kharaper Deshe - IMRAN \n2. Na bola kotha 2 \n3. Na Bola kotha 4\n4. Na bola kotha\n5. Pagol Ei Mon By Imran\n6. Phire To Pabona- Hridoy Khan\n7. Valobasha Dao valobasha Nao By Habib Wahid\n8. Valobeshe Mon Ki Pelo - Bisorjon - IMRAN\n9. Ajker Ei Nishi By Hridoy Khan \n10. আমার হৃদয় ও পিন্জিরার পোষা পাখি রে\n \nLike, Comment, and Subscribe
pressure is all on visual dude, Martin has everything set up, \ndrama over nothing
If he's this way stressed...imagine before tomorrowland's show...that must be too much pression
Was somebody also nervous during the video?
Whats the name of the song in the begining called ?
Can u please mention the names of the songs playing in the show. Would be really helpful...
can you come to chennai
Marting pepole are carazy
l like her
How amazing are these shows u upload and letting us to know what is happening behind , I appreciate that❤️
Martiiiiiiin i love you!!! The best!!! ❤❤❤🇧🇷
I cant wait for the next show!!!!!!!
I got nervous just watching that...
thank you for the show i missed you ! i missed this ! i love u so much ! thank u ! just continue to be you
He enjoys his life.\nHe makes people happy. \nHe loves his friends and family. \nHis name is Martin Garrix.
NOOOOOO I WANT TO SEE MORE!!!
I loved this! Also it made me so happy to see Dua Lipa here, both of you are such an inspiration 😍❤
If you want to see all these chapters in a single video look it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FroA7V7mLgE
I love you martin garrix 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘💜💜💜
Life is amazing with Martin Garrix!!!
Omg my heart @3:48 she was going to go in for a hug if you look at her hand and it was awkward probably with everyone else there for them to. awwwww damn i ship these two cute couple
Who else love Martin and Dua together like me??
VIVE LA FRANCE ET LES GARRIXERS FR 🇫🇷 !!!
What remix is that?
i fucking love this show
God bless you, my friend!!!
+x <3..\nWish to get the chance to attend your show sometime.. #GarrixForever
6:20 Did Gabe ran the Light On macro?
Read this message from the top to the bottom. Even people that have sold their soul to the devil can get the contract broken by JESUS CHRIST. Even if you didn't, JESUS CHRIST loves you and HE wants you to become a Born-Again Christian for it is the only way to Heaven. To become a Born-Again Christian, you pray to JESUS CHRIST, apologize for being a sinner, ask HIM to forgive you, and follow HIS teachings of the New Testament and the Ten Commandments. Even people that have gotten microchiped have to get them removed as soon as possible,( even if you have to remove it yourself)
amazing videoo✌✌
cam on ban sub <3
niggerfaggot
Hoya va a ser el Ultra México \nEn Toluca \n\n\n\nY yo estaré ahí \nTe amo Martin Garrix
Duartin it's real guys :3
1:12 song?
+ × =)
Latinos viendo Martín Garrix ➕✖
That ending!!! Damn! haha
LuV U Martin❤️
WoW
we all  love you  martin garrix
Garrix Squad HIT LIKE!
What a cliffhanger.
We need a continue)
PLEASE release waiting for tomorrow 😍😍😍😍😍
Martin Garrix I really!! LOVE U R my inspiration to become a future Dj 😀😉. I wish one day I just like YOU :) Thanks for inspirate me I Love YOU martin  and all your music.  Thanks😀
Mardua is real♥️
Dua Lipa & Martín Garrix
Martin visit India once
❤✋
Gabe is god
Volg my
130 si vola
Nice to see that he still hangs with Justin Mylo!
Hello team Garrix !\nI dont know who's gonna read my message but, if you have time, can you pass on my channel and can you say something about the music that i make ?\nThank you so much !\nDJ Maxou
5:02 CASALZÃO DA PORRA
fail 7:01
+×
Escucharon mis suplicas de poner sustitulos
Mar➕in Garri✖
Acho que moio Kkkk
اول كومنت عربي
Love
Martin Garrix subscribe OK lejlane ademi 😕
Loving your Megga Mixes . Plz DJ 4 #Attik wxm if u cud.x @Amandamf180772 Insta etc.
Daj polskie napisy 💗💗
I need s2. E8 now!
iiiiiiii looooooooooooooveee yooooou Martin
╰|-ı╯
+x
Bueno video Martín garrix👍👍👍👍
Name track 0:10
Someone knows the remix of lions of the wild at 2:55? I NEED IT ♥♥
Martin. Thnx for ur vlog. Eye opener.  Keep the music coming as always. Dua is the next big thng. Her vocals are magic!!! U provided a good springboard for her. I hope u do for more artists out there.
6:08 you should be preparing for every show, even more considering the fact that they pay you god knows how much per gig
That remix There for you  where can i find it
what is the song of the min 0:12?
Добавил русс субтитры, можете не благодарить)0
What shirt is he wearing at 0:28? The black and white one
Me encanto que tuviera suptitulos en español ➕✖😙😄😊
Dua lipa and martin garrix 😍
I HIGHKEY SHIP DUA AND MARTIJN 😂
➕✖️
Hoy soñé q besaba a Martín Garrix \n😍😍😍😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
5:02 😍😍😍
Like si lo vistes hoy
martin  cuando hacemos un remix \ntu y yo
https://youtu.be/upj5ulr0KBE
➕✖
Martín garrix habla español?
Omg!!!
Someone form POLAND? :D
Hija de osmar mares xxxxxxxxxxd
saludos desde panama
Quien es el héroe sin capa que hace los subtítulos?? (Te queremos todos que lo sepas❤️)
spero di non essere l'unico italiano a vedere il Martin Garrix show
Dios te bendiga martijn ♥ Tengo la esperanza de algún día conocerte.
vas a estar en el ultra music festival mexico?? garrix
Dag iedereen, ik heb een kanaaltje en als je een subje bij mij wil achterlaten dan zou ik een enorme boost krijgen, als je subt op mij krijg je 4 subs terug (ik heb 4 kanalen) Alvast bedankt.
Martin i want a song of my 3 favourites ALAN WALKER MARSHMELLO AND YOU .Plzzzzz
Knocked it out of the park!! Great tribute song. R.I.P. Tom Petty. You will be missed, but your awesome music lives on.
Who is cutting all the onions here?
The 55 losers who THUMBED-DOWN this video should find a high & slippery cliff.\nEnd your misery.
What phone was used here?Amazing quality
People in heaven just got the best performer ever.  When my time comes and I leave this earth, I am sitting in the front row again.
Tears for a great musician. Feeling like a refugee who has no wings.
coldplay : part of a hugggggeeeeeee mafia who completelly destroys people's lives.
Oh dear! Poor attempt! Couldn’t reach the top note!\nRIP Tom.
Lol everyone's on their snapchat
Thank you for showing support to all the fans and respect.. to a great artist as such yourself.. thank you
Great tribute guys! Rest in peace Tom.
Was never big into Coldplay but they sure are good Respect 🤘🏼✌🏼 Great tribute
Tom could really hit those top notes, consistently, brilliantly, every time. Such a talent, all those great songs and that special voice of his.
One hell of a cover !!!
You never heard anything bad about Tom Petty he was truly one of the 'good guys' and mega talented songwriters!
now I'm a fan of them. HUGE respect
Bye Mr. Petty!!! We’ll miss u...
What a wonderful tribute to an American legend..Tom Petty
Ok this is cool. But I guess since tom petty didn't kill himself he doesn't get the same recognition and playtime as other selfish band leaders. Mental anguish or not....
I'm sick of this rule in pop culture that dictates you must hate coldplay. Fuck that. I like coldplay, I like their music, so suck it.
Not sure if Coldplay does this for every big name musician that passes but they did one for the Beasties MCA.
Respect!! Love you cold play
Just saw Tom live in May this year. Glad I didn't wait. Thanks fpr the memories Tom. And im not a Coldplay fan but much respect to them for having the balls to do this last-minute tribute. They did a great job
He is FREE and making more music for the world above.
It was so wonderful to hear this. My wife and I hugged each other through this whole song. So glad I was able to take her to this show. It meant a lot on an otherwise very shitty day.
Good stuff, gentlemen. I'm only 30 but my parents were heavy rockers and Tom Petty might not have been the voice of my generation.... but I was born about 25 years too late. It hurts.
I hate Coldplay, but this is alright!
Tom Petty one of the best nobody did it better now your really free rip thank you for everything
I wanna go to their Concert at Rose Bowl this October 6th but no one wants to come with me due to the shooting in Las Vegas.
I was there! SO GOOD! It was SO emotional - they came out very solemnly, asked for a moment of silence for Vegas, then went into Free Fallin'. It was SO emotional! <3 <3 Love them!
Thank you Coldplay.  You are a good band honoring a legend.  I can't believe Tom is gone, it was like he never aged.  Anyone who didn't like his music was no friend of mine.  I imagine him meeting Elvis, Jackson and half the Beatles and imagine the jam session.
Not a Coldplay fan but a very nice cover & tribute.
shout out to Coldplay great tribute to the great Tom Petty!!!!....R.I.P TOM
Most emotionl version of Free falling I have ever heard. I am so heartbroken over the loss of Tom Petty, his music has been the soundtrack to my life. He was by far my most loved. I cannot believe he's gone. RIP Tom :(
I was there, and it was absolutely incredible. Chris is such a great guy :)
RIP to everyone lost their lives in last few days
a  aweosme tribute to Tom Petty...oh my wht to  say about Tom    just a man  of  many great songs   reminded me lot  of the  Bob  Dylan  style,,, i   so remember  all  of   his videos  this one   def sticks in ma head,,   RIP Tom you will be missed!!!!!
Not hitting the high notes but lovely tribute anyway.  I miss Tom Petty already.
Essa música é show! Valeu Tom Petty! Siga sempre na Luz.
RIP rock legend, Petty's the greatest.
Loved him and his music.  I listened to him for 40yrs.  He was great in concert.  Better to have seen him once, than not at all.  RIP
Rip Tom Petty ,wonderful music over the years.
Chris Martin - star choice song for a legend x
Man, you can't do it :)
Mad respect for all of you on stage and fans. One more light just went out...
there are my hands at the 2:44 marker.🦋🦋🦋
Ah wonderful. Looks like a really special moment. Lucky Portland. Miss you Tom Petty.
Two major losses in 2017 with Chester Bennington and now Tom Petty... RIP legends.
Heff wanted company up there, and who better to share a space in heaven with than Tom.
great rendition, Tom will be missed, so young to pass
That was an amazing concert last night and a wonderful tribute to a rock and roll legend. RIP Tom Petty.
Rock the heavens Tom. You will be missed. 💋
That last part gave me chills, man.\nNo, I'm not crying right now what are you talking about
I was at this concert
Thank you Coldplay. Loved Tom Petty - long may his music live
Wow, what a sad shock. Love ❤️ you.
that was such a fucking incredible concert. i can now die a happy man. i truly never thought i'd get to see coldplay live. thank you guys for everything. coldplay has seriously changed my life for the better
I guess he learned to fly when he got his wings R.I.P 😇😇
What a beautiful tribute. This is amazing.
I SAW MY HANDS IN THIS VIDEO
fantastic  !
Everyone recording vertical lol!
Props to Coldplay. Well done!
This sucks. John Mayer version is awesome.
Well done lads very good
😪❤️
Wonderful tribute.  Thanks guys. We miss Tom.
great Steve Martina
Looks like Mark Zuckerberg on vocals. LOL
Nice! ;-(
Like for Tom Petty
Fucking awful!!
thank you!
Much respect!!
Amazing! RIP Tom.
Yes😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭👋
thanks Tom
IM SOOOOOOO SADDDDDDDD
October 2, 2017 absolutely terrible day. Fuck!
FALLIN' UPWARDS
Wonderful tribute!
Coldplay 👌
No more tears. Thanks ColdPlay 😊😊
So sad :(  RIP TOM
Great tribute!
RIP Tom Petty
RIP Tom Petty
RIP
beautiful...tears...RIP
RIP Tom
que lindo  espacio que deja la gente  , en los conciertos afuera, , para poder llegar  hasta el borde del escenario   :)     en Argentina eso no pasa   :)  :)    ;)
He fucking butchered this if you cant sing that high dont try to
Stop disrespecting by butchering the death people song. You have done enough, Chris Martin.
Nice sentiment but poorly executed.\n\nTHERE IS ONLY ONE TOM PETTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nRIP Tom!
I hate Tributes swimming on the wave of fate for PR. Guys you going too one day don’t forget that! ColdPlay 👎🏻
This video raises the inevitable question, is there any corpse that Chris and the boys won't fuck the shit out of? That lumpen drum sound, the guitars lacking in any kind of feeling, the walking vagina and embodiment of middle class liberal guilt Chris 'the plagiarist' Martin, unable to hit the fucking notes. Had he even heard this song before? When this bunch of washed out cocks die they'll no doubt release own posthumous tribute to themselves to grab a few more quid from beyond the grave.
i guess coldplay won the race to sing the tribute first
Coldplay always have to be the bride at the wedding and the corpse at the funeral,take a back seat you egotistical fucks
Of course the corniest band ever would choose this song. Of fucking course they would.
Not a fan of Coldplay.....and a big Tom Petty fan......they did an average cover of his work.
That has to be the most chill reaction to people freaking out over nothing ever. Calm down internet, it's just a way of saying that you should try to accept yourself regardless of your flaws. There's plenty of people who do say awful things, there's no need to try to find those qualities in someone who has a track record for being mostly positive all the time.
I was really looking forward to this video! I really appreciate your thoughts and Kati's thoughts on the matter, and I understand a lot more where you were coming from with your tweet. I do agree that a healthy relationship comes from self love and loving each other. Twitter is hard sometimes to express complete thoughts, so I really love that the discussion came to YouTube. Thank you:)
*Hannah* !!!! \n\nThis was so inspiring and amazing!\nThe content was beautiful and important.\nBut, your response to a possibility dramatic situation was so mature and  and intelligent and productive and healthy. \nI know that's a lot of adjectives but we need more content like this in the world\n\nThanks for existing!!
If someone apologized to me directly the way Hannah apologized in this video I’d be pretty upset. You can’t please everybody, so if you’re going to bother apologizing you may as well take the time to express yourself in a way that seems sincere. 🤷‍♀️ \n\nAlso, having mental illness doesn’t absolve anyone from saying inconsiderate things. Mental illness is such a broad category that it’s em hard to appreciate everyone’s individual struggles. \n\nAnyway, there’s nothing wrong with the message that prioritizing others over yourself is unhealthy. But recognizing that a lot of people struggle on the daily with loving themselves and are still duly capable of loving others won’t hurt you. Regardless of what you meant, it’s still technically what you said. Maybe blunt statements and clapping emojis on Twitter isn’t the best method of delivery next time?
I think it's absolutely possible to not totally love yourself and love someone else, but the focus shouldn't be on loving only the other person. I also don't think that the primary focus should be on loving only yorself, but on helping yourself and loving your partner at the same time. This wasn't the most articulate thing I've written, but I hpoe you understand.
Hmm. When I was diagnosed for depression and anxiety in 2002 I took you can't love others before you love yourself to mean you shouldn't try to find love. I thought I would be a burden and risk to everyone. That's a lot of time wasted in a misunderstanding.
Love this video. Great topic. One question is the background music The Doogie Houser tv show theme?
People don't love unconditionally, otherwise they wouldn't get upset - if you are coming from a place of love, there is no place for anger. So your original message was correct, but broken people react the only way they are able to at that time in their life.
Thanks for the clarification. I knew what you meant when you posted that, and I agree with you, 100%. I've seen firsthand how insecurity and self-doubt can affect relationships in my own experiences over the years. But it's always good to clarify :)
On some days I self-love my brains out.  HAHA j/k thank you Hannah and Kati great video
My thought response to your tweet was that you’re absolutely right and that’s because my immediate thought was about those in abusive relationships. I myself have never been in one but I know people who have and what’s gotten them out of those relationships is realizing they deserve better. So I thought you do have to love yourself enough to know your worth and if you’re giving your love to someone who just makes you feel worse than it’s okay to walk away from that.\n\nSpeaking more from my personal walk of life, I have depression and anxiety and more often than not I will have days where I see myself completely worthless and I hate everything that I am but I know despite that my heart is so full and I am capable of loving someone else. \n\nHonestly Hannah I think it was a great tweet as a reminder to yourself and others who may struggle in the same way. And after some of the response I think you handled it very well. Thank you so much for this video ❤️
Wish I had two friends like you!
Great conversation! I think something that can get lost in this topic is what it seems like you were referring to a little bit in your tweet. The world is a mirror to our internal experience, and if we don't cultivate self-love we can react really negatively to facets of ourselves that we see in other people. So, while we can love others regardless, there can be pieces of them that we struggle to find love for because we are too preoccupied with our own self-loathing.
She said something about love wells. Now I wanna hear y'all talk about love languages lol
There was nothing wrong with your tweet .i think most of therapists I've seen have said this to me soooooooo............. love to ya Hanna you're awesome
I was one of the people who was hurt by your tweet but after this video I realise, I actually agree with you on so many points. So thank you for this great video :)
I think 'neurotypical' has just become an umbrella term for anyone who does not suffer any type of mental illness. Not sure if it is scientifically correct, but that's the common usage these days.\n\nalso i really liked this video, i think that quote (you cant love others til you love yourself) could definitely use some adjustments to clarify its true meaning. Kati is so great!
If you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? RuPaul says it all the time 😊
im so happy you guys made this. its sad and very surprising that you got negative feedback on your Tweet Hannah, but i love this video because I've been trying really hard over the last year or two to do exactly this; love myself (and love myself before i love someone else). its really important to me personally because I've never felt that way about myself before. thanks again guys!
Thank you for this Hannah <3 I am a firm advocate in loving yourself, but sometimes it's difficult to practice what you preach. Thanks for the reminder <3\n\nAlso I've seen people use Neurotypical to describe people that don't have any mental illness or cogntive/learning disabilities so maybe that's what they were referring to? I don't know, but I heavily disagree with wanting to promote self love as 'neurotypical'
Oh wow, this hit so close home I had to pause the video around 2.25 because it was making me cry. I'm gonna watch the rest later at home where I can cry 😂
This is a really important topic, and I think you handled it really well.  It was really helpful to hear what you had to say about it
I just learned a LOT about myself
Fill my void \n *That's what she said*
every move a sphinx kitty makes looks like it is planning to take over the world.... even climbing on a shoulder
I love that you came back and made a video about this important topic since there was so much frustration about the topic within your fan base. Appreciated! Good content!
Thank you Kati because this is so true and so people just disregard it
It's true that you definitely can love someone when you don't love yourself, but it gets so much deeper and more beautiful when you love yourself first.
Youtube/Facebook/Instagram/Twitter/Soundcloud Services for Sale\nYoutube Video VIEW for Sale( 10000 Views for 10$)\nYoutube Video LIKE for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nYouTube Subscribers For Sale( 1000 Subscribers for 31$)\nInstagram Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 4$)\nInstagram Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 1$)\nTwitter Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 2$)\nSoundcloud Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 5$)\nFacebook Fanpage Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nNOTICE: THIS SERVICE IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR INDIA AND PAKISTAN\nIf u want to BUY Contact me Skype: Faysal470492@hotmail,,com\nor Email me  Smmshaq316@gmail,,com\nWhatsApp Number  +8801680470492\nPayment Paypal/Creditcard\nNO FREE SERVICE OR DEMO WILL BE GIVEN BEFORE PAYMENT(For demo Invest 1$ to Test if This Service is legit or not)\nRbXYadQw1C4
You made light of people who were bothered by your remarks. 🤔 this is just all over the place. Be you and find a place that makes you happy. There are no rules to happiness or love. ✌🏻❤️😊
This is an amazing video! Thank you for allowing us to sit in on such an important discussion
Good on you for taking the input and deciding to talk about it, especially with a professional. It would be easy for you to say Ah, screw it, shut up! but you chose to have this convo and dive deeper than 140 characters. Awesome, Hannah! 💚💛💜
Self love is awesome! It’s one of the first things you taught me about, and I for one do agree that you can have a relationship before you love yourself but in order to give yourself completely into loving someone else, you’ll need to love yourself so you can tell yourself that you can do that. But that’s just me, I understand other perspectives💖💖
This is a wonderful reaction to that tweet, Hannah. generally i've seen you handle it very well. It's lovely that you're willing to listen and modify an opinion!\nI've learned from this as well. I was quite opposed to your tweet seeing as my girlfriend would probably say she hates herself, definitely not love, but I also really see our relationship (by now) as a very healthy one! \nWhat Kati said about self-care being maybe a more important factor in that makes a lot of sense to me though. My girlfriend does work incredibly hard to take good care of herself, and I don't think we could do it without that. \nthis has been nice. i love you both <3
Love this, such a good message to send out to the world <3 I find it strange some get mad at being told this, however some people find it a hard fact to accept. Thanks for making a video on this Hannah! :D
you need to learn how to love yourself before someone else trys to live you or love them
oh boy here comes a giant  too insightful comment! so i realize that i am 22 and i'm young and i think i know everything but really i know shit so take my words for what they are. I hated myself for the longest time, i started lately to begin trying to be less critical, which is not working out great but it's a start, and i have to agree with the fact that you have to love yourself to love someone else, not in the sense that you are incapable of feeling love for others, i fell in love and hated myself, it actually made me feel a bit less worthless, but it was a disaster, it wasn't mutual, i felt loved back but i wasn't and it fucking hurt, made situation even worse after. Before being with others i believe you have to decide who you want to be, maybe my mind is too old for my age but i worked out who i want to be, and i'm trying to and even if it terrifies me i'm now tired of being alone and i want friends and i want someone whom i know loves me back. Sorry it's a really interesting topic and i'm not having the best week, and i overshare on comments cause i kind of don't know if they get read or they disappear in nothingness. I'll shut up now, good video as always, hope you're doing good guys ^^.
Lovely video\nI love how mature you are, Hannah 💜
I've been struggling with this a lot recently. Just got out of my first ever relationship, which lasted 6 months, with a guy I knew I wasn't right for but who showed me love when I didn't love myself. I've had depression and anxiety for basically forever and have consistently struggled with loving myself for years. Even though we wouldn't have worked out if I was healthier, we probably would have had better times and I wouldn't have cried to him so much, asking him to show me that I was worthy of love. Got to figure out how to support myself so I don't put myself in another unhealthy relationship.
Calling Hannah neurotypical is eh... An interesting choice. Y'know, since she has ADHD, which is a neuropsychiatric disorder? I use the term neurotypical as a way to describe the alienation I feel as an autistic person in abled groups of people. I doesn't really apply to mental health overall, since that isn't necessarily related to neurodivergence.
Hanna I thought your tweet was honest like where you were at. I appreciate the video and found it very helpful, Thank you you are an impressive young lady-
Funny. I was just journaling and read some of my old entries, where I found this from a year ago: ... By self-love and self-respect, I learned to speak up. I actually learned to feel love. And let myself to be loved. I learned to open my heart, to give and to receive. To make the room for myself and for others. And forgiveness. You cannot love if you have reserved a place for hatred. \nNow, these are just my feelings, not marginalizing all people. I had a relationship before I learned to love myself and I loved my SO, and still, do even after a breakup, but it was not enough. I was never able to utter the words I love you, was always insecure about every of my movements, sentences, decisions. And it was a very childish way of the relationship, more of a friendship with occasional sex. I understand, what others come from. You can love even you hate yourself. But at least for me, you cannot love unconditionally, without fear and with comfort. There will always be some skeletons in the closet, which will burden you and your partner, therefore your relationship. Now I'm happily in love again, with the feeling stronger than me, making me say stupid things like my SO is the most beautiful person on the planet. I was never able to say such things, now I'm not ashamed of being in love, not scared of being vulnerable. Just happy to have an awesome partner in life :)
People need to get over themselves. You can't say anything on the internet without someone jumping down your throat for no reason. It's obvious what Hannah's tweet meant. Use some basic critical thinking skills and stop inventing reasons to be offended, people. #Smh
Thank you for bringing attention to something that is so important. I recently was thrown in to caring for my grandparents and the stress is unbelievable. I constantly remind myself that it's all for them to be happy. It's stressful but worth every minute I get to spend with them. And yes... We all need to take a day or an hour or a minute just to hit the reset button
I love Kati!! And I love this collab. You both are my YouTube mental health gurus. I only see my counselor once a week but I get my fill in when I need help from you both. Much love.
Thank you for showing how we all have love surrounding us in some shape or form and that we can do attitude x
I love me so much that others can easily learn from my behavior on how to love me.
i feel like what people usually mean by this comment/phrase is that people who are unable to love themselves or even find anything positive about who they are as a person usually wont accept love from another person, often pushing it away stemming from the thoughts that they arent worth it.. idk but it makes sense to me as someone who has struggled with it
Awesome, I'm not sure I can truly love myself, good to know it's not necessary to find love
A couple of points I'd like to make.\nFirst being that you are in the entertainment business first and foremost. Please remember you cannot please everyone all the time. It's impossible so that being the case please remember to give yourself some grace and professional distance from the comments you see otherwise I feel you will be second guessing yourself all the time. \nSecond point. When you have guests and/or your friends on to help illustrate a point that you point out somewhere their credentials. The whole video and in the description i kept waiting for something like, 'Hey, this is my friend _________ who is a __________ and/or is a licensed ________ who is with us today to discuss ________.'\nWithout that information to me it's just two like minded people trying to reiterate a point.\n\nAs always Hannah, luvs you since the first day I saw your videos and will continue to do so. SMOOCHES!
I think it is hard to love somebody if you can't love yourself. Cause not loving yourself will lead you to make choices that hurt yourself and therefore the relationship. You WILL hurt people.
Neurotypical is a term I have seen a lot on the internet and from what I understand it means if you are giving advice regarding mental health then you have no idea what it's like to struggle with mental illness. Being called neurotypical in this case is essentially in the same likeness as someone advocating for veganism telling people with chronic illness that they will be cured if they partake in a plant based diet. That if you drink water and get fresh air, that will cure your depression forever, that would be considered neurotypical in this case. Unfortunately that develops a very unhealthy rhetoric for people actually trying to gain self worth and recover from very self destructive behaviors. No, practicing self care is not going to cure you forever. It t won't suddenly fix the amount of dopamine or serotonin your brain may not produce on its on its own, but it can make day to day life more manageable and maybe even enjoyable. This internet culture of needing to actively be self destructive and that if you aren't your advice or experience is invalid is highly damaging. Whatever you can do, however small the act may be, to bring yourself some peace is worth it. And as someone who struggles with PTSD and depression, I can say that and still be valid. You are not broken for wanting to feel better in your own life and experience.
Great video and great message! Of course you can't fully love someone (without negative strings attached) until you love yourself (and, additionally, have been loved by others - not necessarily in the romantic sense). Someone who says they love you, when you hate yourself (not necessarily to an extreme) may be just in it for their own gain; there is a difference between reciprocal love and codependency. The *vs* part (the title) is a bit...off? To me if you were to compare the two there is already a clear difference as one is based on one person and the other is based on more than one person; love can be one-sided, reciprocal, or not love at all but a feeling that is confused as love. All of this is okay! We live, we learn. Keep 'em coming chickadee!
GIRL! ME! So true. Glad you spoke about this!
I am really impressed by the way you've taken critique lately, Hannah. I felt like your take on the subject was wonderfully nuanced and I appreciated your ability to take on other people's thoughts about self love and refine your understanding. As someone struggling with mental health issues who is in a healthy relationship with another mentally ill and also chronically ill (CFS) person, this video was a great reminder of some important things for me personally and I will definitely be having a loving conversation with my partner about this subject very soon. Thanks for the timely kick in the bum and the great video ^_^
I appreciate that you took something you said that people found controversial and did a constructive deep dive on it. You clarified without being defensive. It was a really beautiful way of communicating. Thanks :)
Kati's karma necklace tho <3  I never take mine off!
great video!.. but... is katie's shirt a bit offensive? i just got the feeling someone is going to say something bout it haha
Hannah I’ve recently accepted my sexuality as part of who I am and I want to come out to friends and family. However my family is homophobic and I don’t know what to do. I have four years until I can leave and I don’t think I can not be myself that long. I just don’t know what to do and need help.
I go to eat chocolate.\n\nLook in place.\n\nChocolate not there.\n\nRemember ate yesterday.\n\nMe and Myself are still coming to terms with loss,\nbut I love Me and Myself will forgive with time.\n\nWe both love chocolate, but must remember next time.
I love how you took a slightly questionable tweet you made, apologized, and turned it into a teaching moment! ❤️ Love you, Hannah! This video is soooo important. Thank you. 👏And thanks Katie!
Neurotypical was used by autistic people to refer to people who were non-autistic, but I have recently seen people who have other uncommon neurological conditions using the term, generally referring to those who not only aren't autistic but who are not neurodiverse in general.
Thank you for this video Hannah! I was there for all the kerfuffle over that tweet and I was torn between which side to be on. This video does a fantastic job of explaining your feelings and I gotta say you're completely right.
This is the greatest video you have ever made.
Hannah, you always put out videos when I need them most. I have always struggled with self loathing and I am trying to change that way of thinking and its really hard...do you have an tips?
Brene brown's book the gifts of imperfection has been helpful to me. She says you can only love someone as much as you love yourself. You can only accept someone's imperfections as much as you accept and allow your own
I'm so basic I shoulda been named Norm
You are so true!
What a great video💖💖Thanks for your advices Hannah,you're the best
I am constantly saying that you cannot expect others to make you happy, that it is something you have to do for yourself, and self love is a big part of that. Any love and happiness you gain from others should be a bonus, not an expectation. I also battle my own mind every day, and PMS makes it far worse (so fun when I forget to check my calendar), so this is definitely a struggle for me, but also something I try to be an example of, as much as I can, for my kids.
Sooo... Well thanks for mentioning this subject about Neurotypicals... I'm a psychologist who works with people in the Autism's Espectrum. They think I'm a NT but I don't. 😅😅 It's difficult to understand and this isn't the way to exchange information, but you were so correct, respectful and polite... Thanks. 👍🏻
Thank you. I needed this right now.
I really love this video because it talks about what I’m going through and it helped me to realize and learn what I may be feeling or experiencing. So thank you both! 💕 This is a really good topic to talk about.
I love this so much! Thank you for posting this
love is important, and this is a serious video, thank you hannah for bringing  up such an important topic.
What if we find ourselves in a relationship like this? I think both me and my gf have self love problems, and I think I'm the type that Hannah described. I go into the relationship giving and giving so I can feel fulfilled, but my girlfriend is more how Kati described it. She doesn't love herself so she's in the relationship to feel loved by me. Basically, I've found myself in a situation where I'm giving and giving so I can feel fulfilled, but she seems to just take and take and not give much back. I don't know what to do, because I honestly love her, and I love who she is, and alot of the time when we're together I have alot of fun with her. It's more like she's this amazing friend that I cherish so much, but she's a bit of a selfish lover. I don't know if that's because of her own self love issues, but I really need some advice.
What is love to you?
I despise how frequently you are forced to feel bad for speaking your thoughts and opinions. :(
i had no idea u filmed together until i got home and saw the notifications of both of ur channels, made my day
absolutely love every time you guys collaborate!!
that cat is so adorable...
Is it just me or does she talk similiarly to Lili Reinheart?
Go Hanna! I know you were nervous about this vid but I think it went awesome 👏
My mom walked past and asked me if you were Miley Cyrus, Hannah. XD
I'm like i wanna make others feel loved and put them first. It's hard to learn how to love myself. But I am working on it. 😊
Heyy I think the problem a lot of people had w the tweet (me included) was that it seemed to simplify the issue wayyyy too much. And that it could easily affect some of your viewers who admire you and may be in self-hate places right now by making them feel defeated if self-love seems far away from them right now even if they’re on the journey. This was a great video which really gave the issue the time it needed.
TROYEEEEE MUSIC
https://youtu.be/h75kmSeB58U
OMG I LOVE KATI MORTON! GREATEST COLLAB!
This!! THIS!!! Wowie!!
❤️
4:06-4:24 favorite part 😌
I love kati!!
..what is your cat? O.o
You said something wonderful sistas :)
sorry, no malice intended but good Lord.... blah blah....
my two fav youtube people!!!!!!!
Look at these beauties
I wouldn't worry about the twitter experts. Folks on that app like to think they know everything about anything that may roll into their twitter feed and they are required to spew their knowledge in the most unsavory of ways. YOU ROCK HANNAH :)
The thousand likes on this video compared to the 11 dislikes are supporting you and encouraging you, Hannah. Don't let the trolls get you down!
No one give a fuck
they talk like such stupid insincere fake hoes that r out of touch with reality
I don't like the Kardashians at all why do people like them 😖😖😕
But she did ignore it so,
She's not crying because she's sorry, she's crying because her image got tarnished.
How is this shit bad? I seriously don’t understand
But you knew what u were doing like da fuq u mean?? She's not the only to blame...to all the people that participated in that ad from the Pepsi team to the actors in the ad are just fucking stupid
You guys need to seriously stop hating on Pepsi and Kendall. They both would appreciate if all of the world stop giving them a crap. Here's a solution: Everyone can shut up their rude donut holes and get it over with. You should be glad it's not you going through that
because you are stupid...
When are you going to apologize for the Vogue India cover BITCH
that fucking lip job is ugly as shit
Aww cmon leave her alone, I know what they did was wrong but cmon it’s just a Pepsi commercial. Go flame the CEO who made trillions of dollars instead of the Victoria’s Secret angel.
Kendall is one of the shadiest people ever. She made fun of Kylie's lips yet look at her now! Lmfao what a joke.
Wth she was so pretty before but she doesn't look good anymore.
She doesn't care about people's safety or if anyone gets hurt or not... She forget we've seen her driving?
Not a fan of Kendall, but wtf it's just an ad. This generation is so fukin retarded, making issues everyday about something.
Umm.... shouldnt the person who made it not star in it apologize? unless she made the damn commercial, funded it, wrote it, etc seems like she just wants it to be about her... actors never know what the story is or full script, theyre just given lines and told to act
Everytime they do something wrong (like putting their faces with music icons without asking or being a part of a stupid commercial) they don't apologise they just say oh it wasn't my intention i'm sorry *fake tears*\nthey need to stfu and thank god if they are famous and rich without doing anything.
oh my goddddd life must be so hard :'(
Who cares. Men just wanna see the booty
Why would anyone blame her and not Pepsi? It's not like she's the one who wrote the commercial. \nIt's like blaming Harrison Ford and not Spielberg for kingdom of the crystal skull.
The kardashians is what everything is wrong with the world
This commercial seems to be more innocent than people are twisting it to be. If your automatic thought is racism, then maybe you're the racist. all I saw in this commercial, what I CHOSE to see was the fact that something so simple can bring people from all sorts together. This isn't a hate commercial. Seems more like everyone is really sensitive.
Kim  ''This is the first time you had a scandal''
As a British person who doesn't know who this girl is I would just like to say god bless America!
Instead of empathizing with those that felt this was wrong, the chosen approach was to cry and make this about her.
why should anyone feel stupid for cracking open a cold one with the boys ?!!!
MAYBE SHE JUST NEEDS SOME PEPSI 😂😂
everyone: “THE PEPSI COMMERCIAL IS SO OFFENSIVE!!1”\nme: “yeah ok but why though?”\neveryone: “......... THE PEPSI COMMERCIAL IS SO OFFENSIVE!!!”
This was so funny I shed a tear
What was wrong with the commercial?
How did it affect anyone though?she just gave some geezer Pepsi and fucked off
Fucking kardashians thinking they are so cool \nWhat's the difference between my family and there's \nNone \nThey are as average and boring as us \nThese twats get money for just living for no fucking reason \nDo I have a 10 Billion Fucking Mansion No\nDo I look like I have had so many Botox injections I look like mickey Rourke No \nWhy am I not famous \nBecause they are Totally interesting\nFuck them \nI have more of a life than those kardashian cunts
I don’t feel bad. You looked at the script you saw what the video was going to be about, yet you went with it. Cry me a river but I wouldn’t give a shit.
To all the people defending her, I think people do have a right to be offended. She appeared in an ad that did take the topic of police violence a light topic. So people are gonna get mad that she thought this ad was okay to be in.
Oh for God's sake leave the girl alone!
Oh life is so hard for you!! Bless your Armani socks !
honestly, kendall, people were not offended.. but why the fuck didnt nobody thought the symbolism of trying to use minorities concerns in the US  showing them just doing stupid shit in the streets, trying to sell the ideogram of capitalism  ( coca cola, pepsi)  in the hands of a very privilege girl that is the epitome of  vanity and everything wrong in entertainment... might be STUPID!!????
Her apology is so fake and pathetic.
Now let’s make a Las Vegas ad
For everyone saying she got her lips done look at her photos from fashion week Ker lips are normal
So since she was a part of she the ignorant bitch? But none of the other hundreds of people in it are? I think she was so excited because Pepsi asked if she wanted to be in a commercial wouldn't  any of us be excited?
Kendall it's ok pepsi will solve everything, even your lips.
Nobody needs anything everybody is beautiful   ....... remember  that Kendall darling 😏
At the end of the day she STILL makes way more than you guys make in a day! 🤷🏻‍♀️
I liked the ad. her giving the cop a Pepsi acknowledged that he's a human being too
Umm here was a mass murder a few days ago.. let's try not to worry about some pathetic over privileged celebrities.
Cool what acting classes is she taking?
Y'all sencintive damn
honey this is months too late
looking forward to day this fucking family fade away like a bad case of the clap\nalways looking for sympathy all the time\nwhoever looks up to these idiots needs a good smack around the back of the head
Why are people lying like if they were gonna get paid 1000 they wouldn't do the commercial ? Foh .
Was my first time watching and thought who gives a shit lol
What the hell was wrong with the ad?
Why is it such a big deal
Someone PLEASE tell me what was wrong with the advert.!
I mean... there is some real negativity in these comments. Especially around 'who cares' clearly you because you watched the video. Why does everyone need to be nasty nowadays?
Oh no she wouldn't hurt anyone on purpose... Remember this TS thing.... This fam is a bunch of liars
I literally saw nothing wrong with that commercial. People are just WAY to over dramatic, y’all need to take a Xanax or something 😂
To all the people this is relevant to.. Please get a life.
Someone should have gave those shooters in las vegas some pepsi.
First time you've had a scandal LMAO
Her lips.... wtf
Sounds like she needs a Pepsi.
Really, Pepsi is at fault. She is just a paid model.
hahahahaha
I’d cheer her up😋
My heart breaks when I see her cry..😗💔
I feel so bad for her
I watched the pepsi commercial and I don't understand why it's so bad and a scandal? Someone explain?
She didn't even apologize 😂😂😂 all she's worried about is how dumb she looked to the public. What a joke
FUCK ALL THE HATERS KENDALL🖕
Tu sister es genial
😂
Lip fillers on fleek
Her lips are clearly done lol
Fake fake FAKEEEEEE
Good
Fuck this fucking bitch
LMAOOOOOOO
lol Skendall
Scandashians. .. what a life.
Her lips :(
Poor lass
Crocodile tears lol
no...kendall... your lips.. I mean, whyyyy:(
Give em a pepsi
Drink a pepsi
Poor thing <4
Grow up
Famous for fuck all useless fuckers
Why it cause controversy?
Bullshit
0:19 glad you understand something
Oh, fuck off.
OH BOO FUCKING HOO
Lol
Fuck off
Comedy
Love kendall
Come back to Arsenal Cesc, a lot of us miss you
What a fucking legend!
Barcelona Reject... TWICE!! 😂😂😂
LEGEND
lol, imagine if there was a twist in this story and we found out it was actually van Persie who not only managed to frame Fabregas for throwing the pizza, but also went on to play under the man he threw it at
Only a la masia graduate can deliver a threaded pass with a slice of pizza. The true playmaker!
For all those triggered Arsenal fans, it’s just a joke. Relax 😂
To those who were bashing on Fabregas, He said he didn't mean to throw it to SAF.The situation was so intense back then in the tunnel.He saw both team players were fighting, He went back from the locker room and decided to join the party by throwing a goddamn pizza.But instead the pizza landed on SAF ,He did apologize to him though. Good guy SAF is still covering Fabregas's ass till this day.\nREPLY
wtf
bring him home
😂😂😂
This guy has no class whatsoever.
I'm an Arsenal fan.. But I can't find anything funny to cheer febregas like that for what he has done.. Dude do u think throwing a pizza to a respectable manager in the premier league is pretty cool??  U should ask for apologies not admitting ur fault with this joyful face!!
😂😂
fuck fabregas dat disrespectful bitch.
Fooking wanker!
O Brasil se entristece com essa perda. Mais um rockeiro amado por todos q se vai. Os  céus se alegram com sua chegada, Tom. Aqui sentiremos sua falta.   : (
Thank you for being the best road trip companion a girl could ever want!  nothing beats rolling down the windows, singing American Girl, open road ahead
This one hurt, goodbye Tom Petty...
Back in the day when musicians actually played instruments and performed, and he did it oh so well......a lost art <3
this song was played in a popular thriller movie. I always think of that movie when i hear this song. what movie was it?  hint-late 80's early 90's
RIP, Tom... your music is E T E R N A L !!!!
I love you Tom Petty you’re the best singer ever
Soaring in the Universe with the Gang.  XO Tom
Greatest songs , came from him. Dearly missed .
obrigado mel deus nao quero dinheio so paz
True musical legend RIP
OMG, who are the monsters at the tables?  Thank you for that song, Tom.
i'm crying watching this... one of my favourite TP songs. i can remember being alone and desperate, and just listening to this over and over and over again one night. It got me through it... TY,  Tom Petty! RIP...
Another great artist who will be greatly missed
Thank you Tom for all the great music ...RIP
Thank you for great music Tom. R.I.P.
Was so sad to have heard the news. I loved your voice Tom Petty,  may your spirit be alive and well
Two words.. The Best...................
No one over 30 yrs of age can't say that a piece of them didn't die with Tom Petty. He created America's soundtrack.
RIP to one of the greatest musicians ever!
American Girl seems, to me, in the spirit of The Byrds.  He was great at adopting a style for just one song e.g. you'd be forgiven for thinking that Learning to Fly is a George Harrison-penned song, a big friend, icon of a man let alone as a personality and performer, who also liked 50s music, and fellow Travelling Wilbury of course.
Thanks for the history of rock and roll
*IVO`s MAGIC WORLD* presents *MUSIC HISTORY GUIDE -  FAMOUS DEATHS* - *HOMAGE to TOM PETTY* - *R.I.P., DEAR TOM!!! (OcToBeR 2nd, 2017)*
Agradeço de coração o trabalho realizado por Tom Petty nos final dos anos 80 com a banda The Traveling Wilburys. Suas músicas ficarão eternamente em meu coração. Que o Pai Celestial receba sua alma com muito amor.
I m going to miss him.
I've listened to Tom Petty sing since I was 18 years old; I'm 59 now. I'm saddened to know the rest of my journey on this earth will be without him ... but I still have all of his previous cds to listen to along the way. He made my life - and this world - more beautiful and bearable with his immense talents. Thank you for sharing your gifts with us all. Rest in Peace. You earned it. <3
Godspeed man- You were well loved!
Who are the mindless, shallow dickheads that gave this a thumbs down? Really?
Just saw him in Boston. Didn't sound any different then 20 30 years ago. Amazing! You will be deeply missed
one of the best sad to see him leave us so soon great   spirit love  his music
Your music got me through some really tough times Mr. Petty. Albums like Full Moon Fever, Into The Great Wide Open, Wildflowers, Echo, your earlier music and of course the albums you made with The Traveling Wilburys. I could always count on you just like an old friend. I'm going to be sad for a while, but who knows? Maybe I'll get to see you again at the Great Rock 'N Roll Concert in The Sky.
sorry all I think about is it puts the lotion in the basket
R.I.P. and thanx for all!!!
Good by tommy you hearts❤
farewell big friend, see you in heaven
I think he looked worse at that time (2002) than the later videos I have seen.
Love from India ❤️❤️
Tom Petty.........one of the greatest artists.  He left us so many gifts and treasures in his music. A story teller with a  brilliant way to tell them.  His music will be enjoyed forever. 💔
Tom was the man. Quick tribute to him https://youtu.be/URvULdzvdmU
Words can't describe his talent and PASSION for what he loved.  A great legend will be missed. Thanks for all the songs that we can always listen to. Thinking of his family also.
Six, six, six the number of the beast.
thanks tom for hanging tuff with me in the hard times your music is greatly appreicated
Rest in peace.Rock n roll,Tom petty.
Yes we will always miss him loved his music to .
Great artist.I learned to sing my favorite song at Karaoke,Free Fallin way before u passed away.Did it for the first time several weeks ago and I was surprised I could hit your pitch when  u sang I’m freeeeee,free fallin.I’ll always be in my repritore of Karaoke songs.
Rest in Peace Tom Petty (1950-2017)
Rock and Roll heaven just gained another great one.  We will continue to celebrate you and your wonderful songs and music <3
I had tickets to see Tom Petty and the band for a special show next week, I wonder if it will be canceled?
He already looked so aged, and this was fifteen years ago. Somehow his passing makes sense. RIP
Mary Jane's Last Dance \nI hear Crosby, Stills Nash & Young, The Beatles & Dillon Wow!!!
I love you❤️ thank u so much for everything, rest in peace x
His voice sounds so awful compared to the studio recorded version.
Great & Awesome\n\nSubscribe, watching & download mp3 On My Channel :-D\ngoo.gl/cICvOy
R.i.p Tom petty you shall be missed
She Died Real GooD 😔😓
I miss you man you are my hero
Pra esquecer ou para lembrar, ouçam  Traveling Wilburys, Handle with care.
So many great songs!!  You will be missed!!!
From all of us American Girls, who dream about there being more to life than what is offered to us...thank you Mr Petty for your brilliant lyrics and endless life sound track....
thank you.\nthank you.\nyour songs is my treasure.\nR.I.P.
Thank You Tom Petty! \nWhat you've left us will rock on in our hearts, in our souls, (& in our ears! ;-)
You really did break our hearts this time :(
Every American boy's dream:\nOh yeah, all right \nTake it easy baby \nMake it last all night \nShe was an American girl\nTom, you were the American Boy for me. RIP my brother
I miss him :( this is just makes me cry💔
too much early go away Tom!
Thanks for the great music, Tom!
I fist him ,I thought  the  Byrd  were  back, I just  back from  Nam\n\nthanks Tom
I.  Grew.  Up.  Listening to.  Tom. Petty 😰
So Refreshing to see ACTUAL Musicians. RIP Tom.
“God it’s so painful, that something that’s so close is still so far out of reach”......\nOne of the best lines, from one of his best songs.Be at Peace, Mr. Petty.
SO SAD TO SEE TOM MOVE ON TO HIGHER GROUND , A MUSICAL GENIOUS WHO WILL SURELY MISSED BY US ALL , REST EASY TOM
We were lucky to see you at London Hyde Park BST less than 2 months ago, what a privilege. Condolences to your family. x
Who in GOD'S NAME IS GIVING THIS A THUMBS DOWN THUMBS DOWN?!!  REALLY...........YOU FUCKING ASSHOLES BETTER SMARTING UP, WTF!!! TOM, YOU WILL BE SORELY MISSED, but Thank you for GIVING US SUCH PHENOMENAL MUSIC. You've left us with a WONDERFUL LEGACY TO REMEMBER YOU BY,  You were also a GREAT HUMANITARIAN,  Helping the Homeless as well as many other Causes.  THANK YOU TOM....................R.I.P.  🎸❤💚❤
From God's Flat Earth to God's flat heavens, we'll miss you Tom. See you with the next full moom fever.
Thanks for the great tunes, sad to see you go .
Tears in my eyes -
Rest easy amongst the wildflowers 💖 we will miss you. Rock the boots off the people in the clouds Tom.
God my heart still hurts
great video . icon
Rest in peace
descansa en paz.cabron...
Tribute to Tom Petty: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjdUDs64pBU
Goodbye Tom !!!
El rock sufre otra gran perdida. Tom Petty tu musica seguira viviendo . Gracias por lo que nos diste.
rip tom
RiP #TomPetty
[']
Stan Lynch?
injustice..Tom dead,Trump lives.Rest eternaly in peace
Thank you Tom, we're heartbroken...
😔
D
💩💩💩💩🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻💩🖕🏻💩
Rip
RIP Tom Petty.
Best American Song\nhttp://ecut.io/rdqiL
Perfection.
Just beyond belief. HEARTBROKEN.
Goodbye Tom...R.I.P...::((
Thank you, thank you, thank you! RIP. Well done.
a 10$ chicken with 490$ worth of caviar..
Pretty sure I eat way more than 90 lbs of chicken every year. I eat it almost every day. Not necessarily fried, though. That'd be very unhealthy. In general, though, I eat chicken at least every other day. Sometimes even for more than one meal. Surprised I haven't sprouted feathers and a wattle yet.
not to be racist but why did you not bring a black guy
I've never cursed on this show before. Um season 1 episode 2 5:44 steven(holy sh!t)
Go to Japan and do *$* Ramen vs *$$$* Ramen!!
Even before watching the thing, I'm expecting the last one to include caviar or truffles in some way that goes well with chicken.
i just got so\nhungry and it’s\n3\n:\n0\n0\nam\n😞
Do u have a girlfriend or not . So why did u said that u dont have experience in making love???????
red rooster is a fast food chain in Australia and New Zealand, wonder who owns the trade mark lol
Single best thing about these videos is watching Adam. :)
What's your problem with cheap VS Expensive?\n\n\nOne burns a hole in your wallet and another doesn't.
why didnt he do this with keith?????
You need keath there he loves fried chicken
Its the caviar, they responded with the caviar not the chicken
Did Adam just say Can we order some more?  (ʘ_ʘ)
All I’ve learned from this show is how to make somebody who aint fwu at all be your friend by buying them food and taking them around the world. 😂😂
not exactly shokugeki no soma, but still entertaining
I thought KFC was the cheapest fried chicken
I was trying to figure out where I'd seen Marcus Samuelsson because I just KNEW I'd seen him, and then I realized I saw him on Chopped.
I'm from idaho
Those Chicken Legs are like 80% bigger than the Chicken Legs in my country
fried chicken is my favorite food
Was I the only one who thought it was weird how the chef ate some of their food. Like they paid for it why r u eating it that's weird 😂
You guys should TOTALLY try Max's Wine Dive in San Antonio, they have FRIED CHICKEN AND CHAMPAGNE!!!
what is the title of the song when they ate the chicken in Momofuku? And who's the singer? I want to buy it on iTunes..
Red Rooster is actually a fast food chain in australia lol
I just found the worth it series 2 days ago, and omg I love Steven so much. Currently scrolling thru comments after watching maybe 10 episodes looking for the Steven fan club
chicken made by the ceo does not = chicken made by their minimum wage employee that we all eat.
That Asian guy at the end is so annoying.
Can I have the song's name when they're at Momofuku? Thanks
Tell that Asian to shut up
Always fun to watch you guys
17.50? Come to England, £2.50 3 piece and chips. My man needs some chicken cottage in his life.
Can u try pie worth it, maybe come and visit New Zealand for some.
it's  fried chicken , it's always worth it
No one said that in the video said the chicken is cheap so stop judging
Do a soul food one
These men went to eat fried chicken in white shirts smh
WHY DOES RED ROOSTERS HAVE THE WORLD CUP?!?! AIDHWNDUFBRMWIDHFBRJSUXBFKS
Steven is a virgin confirmed
10:32 I like how the background music just brings up the excitement. XD
6:46 lmao that analogy I got it all over my face right now?? I wonder why no one laugh.
I loveeeee Chef Marcus!\nAlso, that last one isn’t ‘fried chicken’
An average American eats 1 whole chicken every 2 to 3 weeks? Besides all the beef, pork and fish that gets consumed?\nThat's a pretty big addiction to meat.
I like the idea of 5-6 people for the noodle bar. That is a great experience and honestly I wouldn't pass it up.
word to the bird
WHY DID I NOT KNOW THEY WERE VISITING MY CITY AND ON ONE OF MY FIELD TRIPS TO COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY AND HARLEM T_T at least i saw wiz khalifa
YESSSSS I WANT THIS SO BAD
I've never had fried chicken.. this video makes me question my life so much
Red Rooster?  That's a fast food chicken chain in Australia..lol
The Red Rooster chef was one of the judges on Chopped. So thats why he looks so familiar
That red rooster guy was kinda rude coming in and taking their food like that even though he asked. If he was a worker instant fired.
Only city fucktards think $16.95 is cheap for 1 piece of chicken
Wish I could live like this
I like how the chef stole their chicken 6:55
Adaaaaam, why you like that? My heart ❤❤❤❤
I love how they walk in there all not knowing who Marcus Samuelsson is and walk out mind blown.
What's that ending song called?
My favorite food is chicken
In Australia red rooster is a fast food restaurant
Lol, you eat cavirrrr... Not chicken.... So you went with fish eggs.... Disqualified
I went to Sylvia's today it was amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mqk9_TEgsrw&t=336s     worlds best fried chicken is here where i live not over there
they should do worth it salads 😂😂
Berbere is awesome! Kitfo all the way. Wonder if the caviar would work like sea salt?
14:50 2018 lets make a pledge to feed Adam
Haven't even seen the $500 one yet and the $17 one seems more down to earth and tastier by a long shot.
At 10:30 when that ... that SONG kicked in and the guys were making the THIS TASTES ORGASMIC faces in slo-motion, I started laughing and then we got to 11:03 and it just kept happening. Hello sunshine hello free lolol
10:34 reminds me of Liza. Who else went to go ⌚️ her vid.
$ vs $$$ salad plsss
RAMEN Worth It episode pleeaseeeee!
omg the last one looks so delicious omfgggggggggggggggg
kkk0
Sooo hungry now.
Kalsnfjamdjrk I would loooove to eat Chef Samuelsson’s fried chicken, mmm
Cheap calamari to pricey calamari
Try Jolibee that chicken is sensational
You guys should do ramen
black guys sure can cook
Cheap ramen vs expensive ramen
Adam is the cutest
So... $500 for chicken with caviar tacos? XD
ADJECTIVE ANDREW~
Disgusting.
Adam is so cute😭😂
Caviar, again? Caviar is gross
food porn
Marcus Samuelson!!!
I'm craving fried chicken now.
TriHard
PEH. Where is Keith?
momofuku. momo fuk u?
sylvias was on kitchen nightmares wasnt it?
Whats thenbigntin of caviar called.?
Extreme decadence.
Try Pollo Campero, my favorite fried chicken Guatemalen food
...Keith?
Who else kept repeating 2:17
*_The extra crispy kernel..._*
How about fried freakin' fuckin' chicken?
Looool she’s trying so hard to sound a like a relatable hood chick. Sis... you grew up with a multi millionaire family in the biggest house in bel air. Stop being so embarrassing 😭
When you date the Weeknd once 😂😂
Also I was dead when it said she almost cried in quotes at 5:35
If she a supermodel then I'm cover of GQ's sexiest man alive issue...Like fuck standards are low now a days.
She's so beautifully awkward I'm in love yall
Joe la Puma goes shoe shopping with complex
7:19 the height of Joe's career
Honestly I cant look at her in the same way after this. WTF. I didnt know she was so cringey. For me this is the end of her career. Good bye Bella
*H O M E B O Y*
gonna put these with a black dress and you're gonna look sexy as shit, so BITCH WHOM?????? LMAO WHO IS SHE OMFG
she lookin like a whole mami
IF HOMEBOYS COMING THRU WITH THESE??? IT'S QUIET, YEAH, NO, IT'S QUIET FOR HIM... BUT IF HOMEBOYS COMING THRU IN LIKE THEEESE??? U GOT SOME AIR MAXES OUT HERE... YOU GOT SOME JORDANS... HOMEBOY'S GONNA LIKE... ...gEt iT..
Next should be Travis Scott
Her words are already meme & be  flying all over twitter
Any one else notice how when she talked she peeped up at the 13s and ended up getting em?😂
buy from LeBron james and American made products    not from toilet paper  peeps
why this chick look like catch me outisde girl
so if a model was to be backed by a certain sportswear company (Nike), he or she can't wear a serious competitor? i.e Adidas?
i’m waiting for Joe la Puma goes sneaker shopping with complex
can someone count how many times she says the word dope
I am not a sneaker head.. but I can tell you.. this girl has NO idea what the hell she's saying lol.
Joe looks ridiculous dressed like that that style definitely doesn’t fit him
The cringe level is so high
Do sneaker shopping with DAngelo Russell
Hmmm please dont make more vids like these. Not dope or hip. Just brutal!
You can’t blame her for her trying to be cool, urban, black and shit cuz he bff is Kendall Jenner.
she's cool but im sorry but this is cringey (the way she force in the urban 101 talk)  .
Bella Hadid is a misrepresentation of the Nike Cortez. Nike Cortez represents the hip hop street style. Like somebody else represented the Nike Cortez better than a super model
Why does she talk like that
Anyone gonna mention the horrible hair
when you discover urban dictionary
She high key into Joe
At the end joe is like “hell yah I’m about to go chill at Bella Hadid’s house and “see her sneaker collection”
The meme we all came looking for is a 1:39
She was cool\n\n\n\n\n\nThen she opened her mouth
what a bunch of crap!
C     R     I     N     G     E
Did they force her to talk like this? She sounds ridiculous
Lmaooo poor child is about to be in memes all over black twitter. Let the games begin😂😂
this is so funny im crying why does she say homeboy like that
Only shoe i liked that she got where the air max
So she's got a deal with Nike, got Off White 1s early, but still has to buy kicks out rhe store?
sounding like a divorced dad tryna bond with his kids
that was terrible to watch
Come clean she so corny but she fine as hell so it’s alright
if she says homeboy or dope one more time
This the bitch that got a DUI at 16?
SuperModel? 😕Wait who is she...and does she really talk like this because it seems like she is trying really hard with the Slang 😂
She really spent $1000 on Nike’s when she coulda got them for free since she works for nike...
She sounds like a 40 year old marketer who's desperately trying to appeal to the youth.
why do these new supermodels have 0 personality? like my kitchen mop has more personality and uniqueness than bella, gigi, and kendall combined....
HOW DO YOU DO FELLOW KIDS
Gigi is way prettier. She’s not even pretty...
Wait fuck I thought this was the cash me outside girl
I cringed so hard I stans Bella but this was cringey love her tho😭
Homeboy didnt grow up in beverly hills with u 😂😂😂 fake
She hot af don't @ me
Every time she says homeboy it is really her saying the N word but she can't say it because the camera is on her.
She legit could pass off as Jennifer Lawrence's twin.
I died a bit inside after this. All the slang sounded so forceddddd
she talks like an undercover cop
I used to question why The Weeknd would ever leave her, but know I can understand why. Thank you Complex.
Someone PLEASE Youtube poop this LOL
Jake paul goes sneaker shopping with complex
2:20 creasing the fuuuck outta the off whites tho 😩
“Homeboy’s gonna like................get it.”
Oh complex. Why.
Do Travis scott
Homeboy is dope, fresh, sick, sneakers are hip and dope. Nike like dope fresh sick homeboy. Dope.
Do lil pump next
qiasomar
Joe dead getting some 🐱🐱 tonight
she sounds like an undercover cop lmaoo
Homeboy
she is cringe asf
supermodel...sure..
I say dope a lot
The 13s are the ugliest Jordan
SNEAKER SHOPPING WITH JUSTIN BIEBER
she got some ugly ass shoes
Ozuna nextN
wow i felt dumber watching this
Do the WEEKND
HoMebOy 😖😖😖
omg
Sneaker shopping with Dainelle bregoli
She's so cringey
homeboy gonna get it
this is fuckin terrible. fuck
Lol bad actor
playboi carti goes sneaker shopping like if you want it
Homeboy
Ears bleeding.
cried at 2:20 ):
Get Mayweather on !!!
so awk. Next time, can yall get girls like Zendaya, Cardi B, Awkwafina, or Kehlani?
ESKEDDIT JOEEEEEEE
you know what?
Homeboy gonna like... get it
2:20 ouch the disrespect smh
guys! been getting f ree gift cards everyday from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?659812424
can we talk about how i just got a f ree gift card from here! ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?870779369
It's unfortunate that girl groups don't get successful unless they make overtly sexual music.( Fifth harmony or little mix)  Haim are pure talent.
I find myself wondering if the entire band would implode if one of them decided to get a haircut. Or even a hairstyle.
there is nothing cool about los angeles
Reminded me of that Fiona Apple video where she dances with those small kids dressed in suits. PTA <3
Dig the 80's sound, keep it coming!
Great talent.  Stevie Nicks made a great impression on this band and it shows.  Rock on!\nhttps://www.facebook.com/stevienickstribe/
I'm in love. AGAIN!
I suddenly want to become a HAIM sister.
This is adorable!! I love these girls!!
This is that Punch-Drunk Love feel from PTA
The lights turning on at 2:55 is awesome.
1:03 Alana running in the background to get in to the position lol. Great video.
Glad I'm not the only women with hair like this xx
QUEENS OF WALKING QUEENS OF DANCING QUEENS OF BEING SISTERS TITS OUT FOR HAIM
I love this video. They are very talented.
This song and video feel like such a great nod to early 2000s pop and I'll definitely learn the choreography just like I did to Bewitched's 'C'est la vie'
isn't this that one scene in the hannah montana movie
wtf iz thiz? reallyz?
Yes yes yessss!!! Lovin' it!! ^.^
queens of walking
❤️💛💚
Favorite yet!!!!!
They definitely invented walking. #truestorybro
This is curing my depression
só amo 💖
Alana forever !
☯ ♪♫•*¨*•.¸¸ Love it
Que delicinha de clipe, me fez amar mais ainda a música!!!
What a boring song.
Este is 'leggy' in the best way possible
the Want You Back music video is quivering
Return of good music
Haim i am an indian and i bet i never loved any foreign band this much
Very creative video clip! Its the same style as 'Want  You Back' video and I adore it! 💖💓
This song makes me think that the good times are not the ones that stayed in the past, but what we do at any moment.
01:34 great part of the song!
They always have fun in their videos. I love these ladies. 😘
They're great musicians and they can dance also.
envyyy 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 i wish i have sisters like 'em
YouTube actually recommended something good for once.
Was that Este’s Bassface making an appearance at 2:31?
this was so cute! love itttttt
Loving this vibe!  They took like they had a blast!
Ummm who tf is Haim and why are they on my feed????
PLEASE GIVE PHILIPPINES A LITTLE OF YOUR LOVE HAIM! :)
white music. Thank you.
yall make walking and dancing effortless
this is a damn good video.
It’s fun and it’s awesome 👏🏻 Hail Haim!
I always get freaks and geeks vibes from them/ their music videos
I know I am in love with you, because my reality is finally better than my dreams.
I love the simplicity of their videos. Great music, just the artists having fun & dancing. 🖒
Now we need a video for Nothing's Wrong.
haim has the best jeans
i'm a new fan and i can't get enough, so happy i came across them a few months ago!
I am in love with all of you \nfrom egypt :)
This needs more views!!! So good! Love Haim!
Their videos always look like they're so much fun to make!
Fell in love with the song by hearing it for only one second😊
murder on the dance floor ... 😎
I like this song!
Este never fails to amuse me with her expressions! ❤❤❤❤❤
Wow
sisturrrr kenapa ini enak banget lagunya??? jogetnya juga
❤
Good job. Still effective in my mood.
Little Of Your Love\n\nGive me just a little of your love\n\nYou're just another recovering heart\nI wasn't even gonna try\nYou wouldn't even give up time\nCould be so easy, you make it hard\nDon't think about love too much\nMy love is gonna be enough\n\nYou're so close now\nAnd I know now\n\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nAnd I'll try\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nAnd I'll try\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nAnd I'll try\nYou gotta give me just a little of you love, give me just a little of your love\n\nDon't it feel like that night was from a dream\n(Ooh, ooh, ooh)\nI've never felt nothing like that\nLooking at you, looking right back\nYou say nothing is ever as good as it seems\n(Ooh, ooh, ooh)\nStop running your mouth like that\n'Cause you know I'm gonna give it right back\n\nYou're so close now\n(Don't let me down) (Don't let me down)\nSo don't let me down\n\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nAnd I'll try\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nAnd I'll try\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nAnd I'll try\nYou gotta give me just a little of you love, give me just a little of your love\n\nOh with a little strength baby\nOh, I'll never let you down\nWith a little love, a little love, a little love, a little love\nGive me just a little of your love, baby\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, give me just a little of your love\n\nGive me just a little of your love (ha)\nGive me just a little of your love (come on)\nGive me just a little of your love (baby)\nGive me just a little of your love\nGive me just a little of your love\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nGive me just a little of your love (just a little of your love)\nYou gotta give me just a little of your love, baby\nGive me just a little of your love (just a little of your love)\n\nGive me just a little of your love (ha, ha)\nGive me just a little of your love (ha, come on)\nGive me just a little of your love\nGive me just a little of your love, give me just a little of your love\nGive me just a little of your love\nGive me just a little of your love\nGive me just a little of your love\nGive me just a little of your love, just a little of your love\nGive me just a little of your love\nGive me just a little of your love\nGive me just a little of your love
YALL DID THAT
<3
❤
Maravilhosas 👏👏👏
love these girls
this is lovely
Love it wohoo
Danielle = Spencer Hastings 😊
looks like a zumba class
Este marry me <3
love this
LOVE THIS!!!
Love love!!!!!!!
One of my faves off the album... great visuals!
I love how much fun is obviously being had by all...but most of all Ester being shown in that deep voice part near end!!
please like this video for win the competition https://youtu.be/VOfkATP7Z8M
finally music is getting good again
Im super glad this was their next music video 😍
I could not love this more...Please adopt me Haim!!!!!! 😍
I REALLY LIKE THIS VIDEO OH MY GOD i love the way it was shot and edited and i will never believe they weren't actually having fun bc they're so happy!
Natural! 👍
Just when I think I can't fall more in love with these girls! :)
Gotta love these girls
Este
<3 My diamond girls <3
Loveeee it!!!!!! 💕😍🙌🏼👌🏼
ESTE'S STANK FACE THOOOOOOOOOO
IM IN LOVE!!!
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y7qwslgd
Gostei!
Real vocals, real music.
I only managed about a month of breast feeding with my little girl and she’s perfect and bottle feeding was better for both of us and her dad could be more involved. I think I pumped breast milk for another month too before we moved to bottles. If you breastfeed great, if you don’t great! As long as your babies fed and healthy who cares :)
I didn't breastfeed any of my three children. They are wonderful, intellegent, healthy teenagers/adults and had very few illnesses as babies/children/youth. If you breastfeed, wonderful. If you don't, wonderful. 😀😁
You're such a nice person. I just wanted to say that. luv u!
I think it's a lot more reasonable to ask someone HOW they earn their money, than to ask how MUCH they earn. I think it's a very odd conversation to have though, as it really shouldn't matter in most cases how much an individual earns. :)
'dilute the discomfort'. That made me laugh so much. But it is oh so true! I resorted to wees in the shower D:
You'll be an amazing mother regardless of how your baby is fed. People are so judgemental about that topic which I think is madness. I'm a proud bottle fed baby and I turned out fine. Love you Louise xxxxxx
I know breastfeeding is a an issue for so many but you really have to do what is right for you. With my daughter I had no issues in breastfeeding and loved every minute. With my son I cried in pain every time(he chewed my nipples until they were bleeding). I bought an electric breast pump and expressed until he was 3 months old before switching to formula. Every person is different and the most important thing is a happy and healthy mum and baby x
My mom used to say: money is worse than religion and politics... just don't talk about it bc it's rude
People should absolutely discuss how much they earn, if they feel comfortable doing so, in a straightforward and informative way. The idea that it's rude to talk about money is harmful, I think, because it keeps people from understanding just how unfair the balance of earnings can be within a company or a nation. I think part of the reason it's considered rude to talk about money in the first place is that the highest classes in a society don't want anyone knowing just how filthy, obscenely, terribly wealthy they are.  It's rude for people to ask you outright how much money you make unless it's like a colleague or someone trying to find out how much of a raise they should ask for. But at the same time, it's something we should discuss more openly on the whole.
I recently started watching Call the midwife on Netflix. Its actually really good and its all about life in the 1950s. You might like it Louise (:
I don’t have a problem with people talking about how much they earn. Boasting is different though. X
I've been following you for so many years but truly you being pregnant makes me want to have a baby at some time so much? It's so weird bc I always thought I don't want a baby, my teacher was preggie and my nieces were born and here I am watching your videos thinking oh yeah i want that too it's so weird, but thank you for helping me embrace wanting a baby someday :)
Louise, as much as I think it would be nice to talk about your money and stuff, I don't think it you should tell people about how much you earn etc. You need your privacy too. :3
That little book of calm is AMAZING! Great gift 🙈 you should get one for yourself too 🤗
A little tip from a mama who got cut twice during labour - add a couple of drops of lavender oil to your fanny water squirter and it'll aid healing and also make you feel nice and fresh :)
I think the polka dot tablecloth might be making the puzzle harder for the eyes than it needs to be... Solid colour would work better #ProPuzzleTip #NotReally
Gorgeous!
Love your hair so much! Pink is deffo your colour!! Xxx
I STARTED A PUZZLE CLUB TOO!! but we only did puzzles about two times before it evolved into just drinks, YouTube and maybe a board game. I do my puzzles on my own now 😆
Hey Louise! I had the same issue when I had my daughter. Lost lots of blood during delivery and could never make milk properly. My daughter kept losing weight and I kept getting deeper in post partum depression, and my pediatrician told me that it was time to feed my baby. He said that FED is best. I can't believe it took me 10 days to decide to feed my child, but the pressure to breast feed is VERY REAL! I felt like a failure, but I know now that feeding my baby was the best decision. \n\nHugs! Dana
I feel like if someone wants to disclose how much they earn, that’s cool. And if they don’t want to disclose it, that’s also cool. I do however think it’s rude to ask. I just think it’s a very personal thing to just come out and ask someone, because it’s actually nobody’s business? If I’m having a conversation with someone and it comes up, then I’ll discuss it if I’m comfortable, but I don’t think people should just ask.
Feed is Best! As long as your baby is feed, it doesn't matter the method.
No one needs to know how much you earn. You work hard for it that's all what matters.
Did I hear you refer to one of the kittens as a ‘she’ when Jim was holding it?I thought they were both boys? This happened to me when I bought my kitten. The breeder was certain she was a boy so I called her ‘Alfie’. Took her to her first vets appointment and the vets were like ‘no, she’s definitely a little girl’. Quick name change to ‘Missy’ and she’s now a lovely twelve year old cat. 😊
I love Esther!! I wanna be her friend too!!
Yes please with the fanny prep video!
the puzzle development in this was so accurate! everyone starts out loving puzzles but then by about an hour in they want to throw it across the room but at the same time you cant give up haha!\nI am going to need a puzzle update next week!!! xxx <3
does someone else hear music in the background during the haul? just checking that i'm not going crazy
Loved the vlog as always and loved all of your outfits this week Louise, were is the coat with the fur trim that you are wearing at the end from ? thanks xxx
oh lord, i bloody love you, Louise. You rock. Please be you always, ta. X
Your not awful for making a decision for you and your baby. Out of curiosity would like to know what you would prefer if you can choose this time?
I think it is vital for people to be open about how much they earn. As an upcoming uni grad I am looking at careers and, although it's not the only factor I consider, a huge factor of my decision making will be based on salary. If I don't know the money that is available from a career path then how do I know if that is something I will want to pursue to suit my lifestyle choices. I hope that makes sense and doesn't come off like I'm only thinking about making money!
I personally freely talk about how much I earn but that's just my personal preference. I am highly interested in how people that have jobs on social media and such do earn money like how it all works, but it's just everyone's personal preference on whether they disclose how much they earn. ❤
Aw man I went to ikea MK last Wednesday night, a day too late
There’s an amazing tapas in Northampton can’t remember the name but it’s in the market square x
You know what, I could really do with a homely Zoe and Louise vlog! Running errands and chilling in the house, love that kinda thing!
In regard to the bottle feeding, as the lovely Gi Fletcher would say, 'Happy mum, happy baby' you do whatever's best for you and baby, if you're distressed and upset with say breastfeeding, then it won't do baby any good. Your little girl will turn out great whether you breastfeed her or not because you're a fantastic mama! Good luck with the rest of the pregnancy and the delivery Louise, and your recovery, I hope all goes smoothly xxx
Hey guys, I've been making YouTube videos for a while now and I'm really trying to reach 200 subs, I would really appreciate it if you subbed ❤️
Louise breastfeeding is very personal and I hate that you had to justify yourself and brace yourself for the comments. No one is going to understand understand what you will be going through nor your choices. No explanation needed.
As you were talking about winners never quit as you hated the puzzle,  Can't Stop This Thing We've Started by Bryan Adams was playing in the background. He knew. Bryan always knows.
Hi only just got round to watching your weekly, me and my little baba are bk from the hospital where I've been reading your book (which o love btw) and I'm now chilling home and got my baby who's adorable, now I'm just so excited to see your lil one !!love watching what people are getting for their babies
I work in the public sector so google would happily tell you what I earn. Personally I'm all for talking about earnings if not only to inspire the next generation to aim higher but also to create an open culture. I worked for a company that once banned us from talking about earnings until someone let out they earned nearly 4k more than someone else doing the same job!
lovely weekly vlog as always 💜 on the subject of money/earnings, I think that the interest around Youtubers making money and how much has become such a largely speculated thing purely because nobody knows the exact answer. Personally I am not bothered whether or not I ever find out how much that may be, but I will say that I am quite curious about what the roundabout figure is. I'm a naturally nosey person but would never EXPECT this information from anyone
It is good to talk about what you earn in an informative way! xx
I think its interesting with the whole money thing, I personally (and please don't take offence to this) think its a privilege to be able to keep your earnings private. As someone who as worked in the NHS and is now studying to continue my career in the NHS my salary is completely public knowledge, I get why because the taxpayer pays my wage but I don't get the option to be private about what I earn you just need to google it. I think that discussion is the best way to grow, particularly in business, woman tend to be paid a lot less in comparison to their male counterparts for the EXACT same job but often people don't know because we don't discuss it. One of the only industries with no gender pay gap is the NHS(yes there are plenty of problems with NHS pay but this isn't one of them) I personally think part of this is to do with the complete transparency in regards to salary. You are totally within your rights to keep your earnings private and I agree that asking your salary on national TV is totally rude and not ok but general discussion and transparency on money I think is important in equality and in terms of understanding industry.
Don't feel guilty about bottle feeding!!!!  Do you!
It is rude to ask people how much you earn , there’s only 4 people who know how much I earn and they are my mom , dad , my employer and myself!
Such a shame that it is difficult for you to say that you might not breastfeed... Even if you just made the decision not to youre the mum so you know best... always... its a shame as well that it is also other women putting down other women! also s lot of the goodness you produce is in the first 3 days so even if you managed that it would be amazing :) i really hope you manage to do whatever is right for you!
Louise, your words about breast/bottle made me think of this - https://fedisbest.org/
The Little Book of Calm from Black Books
Love Asda/George for bedding. Always have the greatest designs. Going to copy and order my new Xmas ones this week. Would love Halloween bedding but cant find any good ones in the Uk..
As a student, I find it really interesting and helpful to know how other students make money and spend/safe it. It is a topic i frequently talk about with friends/fellow students. I do not see that as rude but as very helpful.
I've been applying for jobs recently and a couple of them in their applications, asked how much i made in my last job. I  didn't particularly like being asked the question as it had nothing to do with the job.
Where was the mrs pots and chip cup from
Can we all please worship Louis's eyeliner it is on point the whole video 👌
I used to use a jug with cooled boiled water when going to the toilet after giving birth
THE LITTLE BOOK OF CALM! Black Books, anyone?
I think it's okay if people are just interested to know how they can make money on line. It's certainly not okay to ask other people how much money they make, or for people to brag about how much they  make😺😺😺😺. The brownies looked really nice. Love the snuggly kittens. Xxx
Giant sacks of cloth.. literally me pregnant or not 😂
Breast feed or bottle feed it's no ones damn business!  Your bub your choice 💕💖.  I thinks it's sooo rude to ask someone how much money they earn. In saying that, (UTUBER)Danielle Mansutti said( I think I have this right) that to work out approx how much utubers get paid per video, take the last two numbers off the views, ie if it's viewed 34650 times, they would get paid about 346 for the video. She also said it depends on the country, US utubers get paid heaps more than Australian ones. It's interesting, but I wouldn't ask or expect to be told.
Haha, my sister and I are starting our ‘Puzzle Club’ on Sunday. Thanks for the idea! ☺️
This may be a weird comment but Louise has perfect lips.
I think a persons salary is private xx
It’s a good day when you get excited over seeing a guy you don’t even know just cause of how much hype Louise has made over him 😍😍 am I the only one? Yeah probably idc 😂😂
Love your eye makeup with that hair!! So beautiful 😍
Please make a fanny prep video soon!😅 Expecting my first baby and need some tips before due date in 6weeks😝
if people are interested for the good reasons (about the  money)  I think it would be interesting to know how do you earn money 😉 not how much, I do think it's impolite
I'd say if you know someone quite well or maybe looking to apply for what job they have, asking what salary someone has is fine but i wouldnt just go around and ask anyone that does feel rude to me. Do a smaller puzzle maybe like 500 piece wouldnt be as much of a challenge😂 I've done a 1000 piece disney princess one a while ago and it was actual hell!
In France there is that same silence around what you earn, but I still don't understand it! Our income is a part of our life, as it allows us to do/buy a certain amount and quality of products and activities. I we were less cringed about the idea of talking money, I think the world would be a better place. For example, in a group of friends, the ones with more money would pay more than the ones with less money in any activity! I think it would encourage people to be generous or/and ask for help ☺️
Don't put pressure on yourself to breastfeed, your true subscribers and people within your life will understand whatever you choose to do. It's a personal choice, I have zero intention to breastfeed even though in theory I will be completely capable of doing so.\n\nAlso looking forward to the fanny prep video! \n❤️
I still think it's rude to ask how much money someone makes but there is often a massive divide between viewers and creators which is were the interest comes in, if you're working long hours nearly everyday and come home to watch youtube and see them receiving free gifts and affording the lifestyle some do, it can be frustrating as youtube is perceived to be an 'easy' job, i don't think it is an easy job but some creators/influencers are doing incredibly well compared to say nurses or teachers.
Eating fish and chips and watching Mulan sounds like the perfect night to me!
I wasn’t breath fed and as far as I can tell the only thing that could be criticised about me is I’m socially awkward but I can’t blame my mothers tit for that
your videos always make me feel better, so thank you <3
Whilst breastfeeding is probably preferable, it’s great to be realistic. It’s not for everyone, and it’s great to be prepared for you and babe! Love your vlogs Louise (and the hair is awesome!)
I love your hair colour! 🦄😊💚💛💜💙
I don't see a link to Sarah's book
Re Money questions - as a student I find that all my peers are happy to talk about how much they earn/their money situation (e.g. ‘ugh my job only pays £5.30 per hour’ or ‘yay my loan comes in tomorrow’ or ‘omg I only have 36p in my account’) but all the adults in my life would never talk about how much they earn, how much money they have saved up etc. I wonder when you make that transition...
It's hard to put my finger on where the line is, but with my closest friends I've just felt it's been ok if the information is useful/helpful etc. Like as a recent university grad it's been helpful as we look for and gauge wages for some of our first full time jobs, it been good to gauge what the normal limits are and discuss budgeting, etc. Still a tough topic, but when you understand why it's being discussed and feel the information won't be taken out of context, I can do it.
Just paused to say that even if you were breast feeding, the bottles are a good way for Liam to be involved with feeding too x You do you Louise and don't listen to the few negative people that don't understand your needs. Every parent has their own way and as long as you care and love your child, you are doing the best job in the world x
Oh man....in America you are given those bottles for going to the bathroom after delivery while you're at the hospital! I am SO glad you read about it because they're really nice to have on hand! haha
where are the antlers from? so cute :)
Those browniiiieeessss😍🤤😋
I love a weekly vlog😊❤️
Your eye makeup in the beginning is stunning!
The kittens 😭😍
Louise you’re amazing ❤️
Lol I read unboxing calories
Louise you look gorgeous #Glowing
Fed is best
https://youtu.be/8OaLzNb_C1Q😮😲
How is this trending?
Wentworth wooden English puzzles are amazing!!!!
Your hair 😍😩😩😩🌹🌹🌹
You look so lovely Louise <3
SUBSCRIBE: OR YOU MOM DIES IN 2 HOURS\nLIKE: OR YOUR MOM DIES IN 2 WEEKS
Get braces 😬
Whys this on trending? Piss off x
Jeez I could fit a sign saying do not enter in the humongous gap in your teeth😂😂😂
I'm a rapper can you guys check my music out. Thanks
Offset... that bang flow... there... I coined it. Bang....!
Am I the only person that hates Gucci chain? That mf icey doe! 🌬❄️
This song is way too hard for a video of a party w big booty hoes
Offset the best one doin it right now. Bars, flow, the man got it
Been bumpin this and they just made a vid..
Offset the men with the flows
Who's here before 10m?
BITCH I'M OFFSET AND IM BOUT TO SET IT OFF!!!!!
THE BEST MUTHAFUCKIN' VIDEO ON YOUTUBE!!!!!!!!
Offset walked on this verse way better than guwaps
i felt like gucci was featured on this
Dick in her mouth like a edible (dick in nat)🔥🔥
I was waiting for this
This porn lit! Jk been bumping this for a min
Hello me and my boy drop a  song  together we need support from awesome  people like u if u like  our song Share it  \nClick on the link \n                  👇\n\nhttps://youtu.be/RvtmmPEBVbE\n\n😎😎😎😎😎😎
Real people knew the song before the video 🔥
I am simple person.\nI see bewb, I click.
I'm out here waiting for the beat to drop. This whole song feels like a edging session. Disappointed af
That room has to smell like straight ass
That beat drop harder than Hillarys jaw when trump won
Can someone translate it to English??????
This is trash and the lyrics are gay.
First take off in get the bag now offset
Remember takeoff didn't spit any bars in bad n boujee  Soo it's only fare if he get his skills on a track get the bag  with Gucci and quavo💯
No lie Offset the best one out the migos💯
at 3:16 offset looks like future
bruh this song was released a couple of months ago...but without the video though
Gucci rapping like his mom is in the other room. Lol
Where's the Jake Paul song
Offset killed it for not being on I Get The Bag
Gucci Mane with a black woman, now that G. 😎😎😎
fine bitches in the thumbnail? my niga ur a genius
Am the only one who heard tis befor it had a music vid?
THE LITTLE NOISES HE DOES AT THE END OF A LYRIC ARE CLASS HAHAA, HEYYY, SKIIII
This beat is trash
kinfolk offset killed the flow dats rite g gucci is gucci been the same since the beginning much respect for these two
it sound like gucci was tired
This shit is hard. And Offset killed it. Them migo niggas are starting to grown on me
I don’t like this song
My ears hurt. What is this shit?
mil in less than a week
Look at my boogers they as big as u??????
Correct me if im wrong but arent the last ten somethin gucci vids at his house because of his house arrest??
Offset carried  this whole song on his back
Me and the wop biggie and pac boy we so different we keeping the Glock
.
Takeoff
Nigga100
offset went tf off
Check out #Crackalacktv\nhttps://youtu.be/4qUyqMabMI4
This shxt is fire asf! 🔥🔥🔥🔥
So offset snapped his fucking neck. My boy ate. Yikes
offset ripped this shit SIMPLE
Who here before 2m
Hottest verse of 2017
Go in
offset #1 migos officially
Set speed 0.75 💯
gucci mane adlibs are terrible.
GUWOPPPPP
Gang Gang $
Offset ft Gucci
Offset Found Diddy Ghosts Writer
offset Feat. Gucci mane
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
👀
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
0:56
Gasssedddd 💯
Cheap sluts with cheap rappers who make millions 😂🤣
Offset keeping it 💯💯💯
Offset kill it
AFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF METRO B!!! NICE BEAT, DAAAAAAAAMN!!!
southside kill dis shiii!!
GUCCI AND MIGOS  NEVER DISAPPOINT ME
offset migos qc gang
These niggas came in so icy ❄️💦 💎💎💎
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Trash jk
Gucci x offset that shit automatic
https://youtu.be/fxg6eeUSHt4
wow
Woah
WTF is that
Gucci manes slippers 🔥
Guwoffset🔥🔥🔥
0:55 the beat drop harder 🤘
Dude Gucci SPEAK THE FUCK UP. Offset's adlibs are louder than him lmao
Fake ass music
KV
Offset 🔥🔥
0:19 when someone gets dunked on
3:16 When your crush looks at you and you want to act cool
who here before 10 million views?🤣....
offset starting to sound like takeoff or its just me?
Beats shit imo, nothing to it but 808, bells and hihats:( I expected more from metro.
That shit hard..... dam,offset spitting on this shit...
this my favorite migos 🔥
More like Offset-Met Gala ft. Gucci Mane.
LOL, Who came from Tim's stream!
Thank you for my morning laugh. It was shared on my FB page and it already had over 2 million views!!
this is actually so awesome salute to the son and the father sound like good peoples !
hilarious thou that show me some titties is reasonable..lmao get well brah
Lmao! This is great! I love how polite he is even all doped up. 😂😂 This father and son have a great relationship I love this, hysterical! Hope surgery went well and hes feeling better!
This made me cry from laughing so much. Hope he has a speedy recovery.
LEGEND and that nurse was HOT AF with a damn sexy voice too!! :)
gonna be millions of views if this is the original
I can’t stop laughing lol
If I fall asleep will I die?\nNo.\nJust makin sure \n\nLOOOOOL
LEGEND 👏👏👏 Haha, have a speedy recovery!
I knew this would blow up.
Omg this made me laugh so hard I started crying 😂
So good! Hahaha all the best for your recovery! Hope it's a speedy one!
Hey man hope you get better my brother logan is on of your friends this was funny as hell
That is so unfortunate for you but you did make a great video for us lol hope you get better soon!!! Beginning is the best part for me🤣😂🤣😂
Thanks for making me smile ☺☺☺
3:37 BUSTED
poor sweet kid...hope hes ok
WHAT the HELL
* Jukin Media Verified *\nFind this video and others like it by visiting https://www.jukinmedia.com/licensing/view/972230\nFor licensing / permission to use, please email licensing(at)jukinmedia(dot)com.
What happened lmao
Hey there Mark! Could we have permission to post this onto our page please? All credit would be given :)
Small correction: The Saturn V rocket is obviously Saturn 5 as it's a roman numeral. Sorry about that.\nEnjoy the video!
David Bowie would be proud
Watched the video, read the comment section. Most humans are stupid.
Will the BFR have a pilot?
elon is genius\nfor some people create a full fledged electric car is great enough\nbut he thought to make a rocket a passenger rocket both for  substitute of the airplane and for space exploration rocket\n\nthe idea of use rocket for substitute of the airplane itself is a genius, it creates an introduction about rocket\nit give skeptical people insight about the rocket and open their eye\nit creates a new market segment\nsoon with skeptical people accept it just a baseless paranoid for the rocket, and the rocket is not as dangerous as they thought,\npeople definitely will more support the mars and other space exploration project\n\nwith this man, once again we have a courage that everything is possible,\nonce the wildest dream is now becoming a reality
Why do I need someone else to restate what Elon already said himself...
It seems the BFR is already a success at what it is designed for. Raise Hype then capital. Rockets for travel on earth could be debunked as feasible by a high school student. lol
I believe there is always a machine  that can move & perform in a hostile invironment, but because humans are so delicate & complicated, an environment in space & on other planets in our solar system may cause many of our biological systems to fail, one after another. Research in outer space has proven this from past space projects. Human adaptability is limited by the fact that humans will have to bring vital earth based resources with them. Any mistakes made in outer space can be deadly & final.
What is that scene that begins at 6:13?
i hope that Elon Musk's transportation to the whole world under 1 hour will be true so that i can explore space for the first time
More than mars what im more excited that if that actually happens so many [people would be interested in travelling to mars that travelling around the world would become super affpordable !! i mean it will be even affordable for developing countries soeverybody can finally see the world!!! whie ofcourse the elites are going to see mars !! its still a win win
Really elon musk is a great genius and a simple man but how many in this world knew about him and his missions????
this is the future!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah keep talk Only Stupid Believe This >> God But Us In This Earth We Can't Leave Untill Judgment Day .. That's It
*Hit like if you're watching this video from Mars*\n(People watching this video after a decade) 🤘
They’re going to do it
we have come so far in only 100 years why schould this be impossible?
Everything that is economically unsustainable will ultimately fail. This will not become a reality. That's not to say it isn't possible...\n\nThat's why I get excited about the idea of truly commercial space projects such as asteroid mining.
All very exciting but shouldn't we be pouring all this energy into a self sustainable future on earth first. Just seems like we are running away from our problems
GET YOUR ASS TO MARS!
People who thought air travel was not possible were fools. Clearly birds could fly and glide. But colonizing Mars is far far more challenging.
Let's do this!
Weird question : What kind of mic do you use ? Your audio is great
The future always holds seemingly impossible technologies, but usually not the ones we imagined.\nInstead of flying cars, we got exploding touch-screen cellphones.
Elon Musk is a living legend,greatest visionary of our generation.
I can see Wall_E happening in near future...
Why to go anyway?
BFR - Big Failure Rocket. Or Big Faulty Rocket.Possible. In fact that will be future. But obviously not like Musk propose on this presentation. The craft will not be actualy a rocket. But all in one solution. Pretty much like milenium falcon. DTOL - Diagonal take off and Landing. Combine that with the ekranoplan technology from the cold war period and you have it. Electrical air craft using wing in ground effect. it will take off diagonally at 45 degree angle and definetely will not go to orbit. Will fly low to the surface. Smooth acceleration and deceleration.\nIf you want to go in outer cosmos - boost the speed up and climb higher. Several propulsion systems combined. UART,electrical turbines,centrifugal systems,ION engines. It will have also tungsten carbide hull with carbon fiber mesh.\nIt will have reverse thrust,electromagnetic shield to repell the radiation. In fact the solar wind,the gamma and xrays as well as any possible particles, even subatomic particles can be used as propellant. Basicly the ship will act as giant vacuum cleaner,compressor and accelerator. It will look much more like star destroyer than a rocket. Of course we cant raise the money instantly to develop such craft at once. But that technologies are simply upgrades to the ekronaplan technology. And i have a power source methods which i call paradox power. PV cells are built in, not ouside the ship. No outside parts at all.\nMy model i named ураган which on english means hurricane. Hyper turbines,ultra turbines. Not just turbines.\nTriangular shape. Very similar to star destroyer but without the top bridge. More like super star destroyer. Of course not that big. At leas first versions will not be that much big. First model will be 70 meters long,40 meters wide and 14 meters high at the highest point. Bonus - it will act as seaship and submarine as well. Then a ticket of 10 dolars can be achieved. And the ship will be extremely reusable.
Wtf is wrong with your sense of music??? Really wanting to mute it right now
we should fix this planet before we go out to others.
I think they need a spinning circular disk to recreate earths gravity to help the heart pump blood and not allow blood to pool in the head. We should slowly release that over time and force inhabitants to adapt. We also need to bring bacteria from earth and help it survive in the soil of mars as we grow food there. It’s called the microbiome. There is a connection with gut bacteria and brain function as well as health. On top of that we need to deal with the high energy electromagnetic waves making everyone go blind as it passes through the optic nerve and permanently damages the nerves ability to transmit signals. There is the problem of DNA damage as well. If we can somehow get the metal inside the planet hot and spinning we may be able to create a magnetic barrier from the sun. We take earth for granted so much.
Can someone please tell me what the whole point of going to Mars, aside from the technological leap to pull it? There's nothing as seen on the images, you might as well go to Sahara, Himalayas or or Antarctica.
7:54 welcome to internet whos thinking its actually a pic taken from the surface of Mars 😂
His idea of using BFR to go to the Moon and Mars is on point. But his idea of using it to cheaply transport people around the globe in less than an hour is quite absurd.
Reusable rockets is a stupid idea. Flying anywhere on earth in a rocket is a stupid idea. For someone that claims to want to help the environment he is now going to consume the earth in rocket fumes yeah brilliant idea Elon. Seems like every time he opens his mouth fan boys go running to jerk him off. What happened to the bullshit Hyper Loop. Here is the thing none of the ideas are his. These ideas have been around longer then him.
i bet all of us will die of old age and there will be no mars colony.elon  is just a rich scam artist
This is still the best channel ever! Keep up the good work.
Elon was like we fucked earth now let’s fuck mars
I think it would not be posibel in the next 150 years. Posibel rovers to build infrastructure in the next 20 years would be ambiguous.
What accent is that
Any plans to make video about Proterra electric buses? I heard lot about them now a days.
Why was I not subbed yet!? I'm seriously pretty excited that I will be seeing us go to Mars in my life time, I'm only sixteen and not even nearly smart enough to now what all of this means but it's so interesting
Im so excited for all this!!\nJust curious, wont commercial use fuck the environment?
Sorry there will be wars at mars
And I need at least until 2026-2028  to finish my master of engineering 😭
Well elon musk is really dreaming big... Hoping it would have a happy ending...
Cgi is go to mars
Who wants to live on a shitty red planet with rocks ??
The BFR is a Big Fucking Rocket
Elon Musk doesn't address the problems with zero gravity in transit, and reduced gravity for a prolonged period while on Mars, at all. Humans evolved on earth, we have very specific environmental demands, we are going to have to deal with those challenges if we want to settle permanently anywhere else.\n\nI would love to see a manned mission to Mars, but any kind of colonization, I think, is further into the future than we might like to admit.
I was waiting for him to tell us what BFR stands for. I really hope it's Big F*cking Rocket
After musk’s announcement my girlfriend asked me: so musk will be using rockets to compete with commercial airliners to make money to build rocket to go to mars ??? I replied Yes. She then asked me how about all those rocket emissions resulting from all those earth to earth trip ?? Isn’t musk all about sustainability and environment... I didn’t know what to say !!
Whoopee do, Kim Jong Un and the DPRK have already commenced construction of the moon base and their Mars colonisation will commence 2019.
I think it would be better that we first save the beautiful planet we have. Great video by the way.
Can't believe how totally committed so many assholes are to attacking what is the most ambitious project ever undertaken\nIf they end up saying I told you so then we all lose
Instead , Just Launch A Bigger Satellite , SO I CAN GET A BETTER FUCKING INTERNET CONNECTION
2024 or 2040 doesn't matter. The matter is if we will go to mars or not.
Elon Musk is a salesman. His job is to sell Space X as a brand. In no way shape or form are we Humans landing a person on Mars.\n\nStop falling for this guy. The truth is he has no way of getting people there or Space X hasn't figured out all the challenges of surviving deep space. The martian atmosphere or even how you would get a person back.\n\nThis is just all idiotic.
Awosome!!! Not sure about 2024 but definately he will do it, im just excited that they will do it in our lifes span
There's people dying from starvation and these MF are spending millions of dollars in finding new planet.
i unsubed cuz you dont fact check or try to debunk anything
DO WE GET FREE INTERNET ON MARS
No one cleared this with me.. We'll see about all this.. How do you know I don't have something waiting for that ass once you chimps get there.. 👺
people looking for intro music song \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGB4lB9VVBI
Have you concerned a sonic Boom of the BFR delivering passengers around the world or that an apollo launch was just over 3g and the BFR will land at 10g I don't think most executives want they arse hole to fall out on landing and blackout it's crazy hype all around this guy it's will be a robocop type device next just sit back and look at the engineering before you jump onboard a hyperloop wreck you nearly hit it with the currency video then you retracted it not to be a target and just fell back in the trap of capatlism and it's lies.
Work more at it and faster. How about going too the Moon?
I always crack up when someone says 'BFR' esp in a serious tone.\n\nPS-I love Musk...what a great man.
Imagine your loved once being in mars far away from you in future. 😅
NASA should just be able to buy BFRs on a government contract from SpaceX with the license to be able to modify the rocket however they see fit. No need to waste time and money on two designs to get to Mars.
I'm curious to see what would happen to the human body when subjected to 1/3 of Earth's gravity for an extended period of time. I'm especially curious to see how children's bodies will develop if born on mars. \n\nExercise is good hygiene here on Earth. I imagine it may be necessary for survival on Mars. \n\nBut who knows, I could be entirely wrong. They may just develop to be a sustainably frail subspecies of humans. But humans adapted to Mars coming to Earth may be impossible for physiological reasons.
You sir who created this channel along with the people who works hard in making your videos, are AMAZING! I'm glad you existed.
When Elon Musk says something, i believe it.
I think Mars could be an excellent opportunity to research teraforming. In the process of trying to teraform mars, perhaps we could find a way to fix our planet?
Matt damon's movie ELYSIUM in the making....
THIS is how it NEEDS TO BE DONE :   Put robots on Mars first, so that the structures can be put into place before anyone arrives.  Sending people before any life-sustaining structures are build is just asking for trouble and death.
This is a good age to be alive. First human on other planet is something comparable to the invention of writing and of course more spectacular than that.If Musk manage to do that he will be remembered till the end of humanity.
It's possible, but musk creeps me out.
Big Fucking Rocket BFR thats what it stands for
I went there already, nothing there, only red sand
i will lead the flat mars campaign .
They've got booster landings down pat now, but I think it will take them multiple failures to master landing the upper stage (which will be a very different massing when returning empty, with cargo, and with passengers). With such a large and expensive vehicle, I wonder whether they'll be able to get it down before they run out of money.
I want to go to mars just to get away from these leftards ruining society for everyone.
2022 now 2024 next 2026?
Marked on my Calendar !!
YOU CAN DO IT ELON ASIFYVABSKFJN
Elon, please build fusion reactor and Gundams
Tmobile Sprint merge, what you think?
this should happen fast.
Cool video as usual
Musk ye dum dewg send me to marz brah
Dont trust a damn thing Elon Mush says.
luv u elon
way to ambitious
BFR stands for big fucking rocket its genius!
Earth is flat
Nice!
BFR = Big Frucking Rocket
love ur channel
Why tho?
It could be true if they had enough funding. If nasa or space x had like a 100 billion budget every year we could speed up the process by so much that we'd even start colonizing Mars by 2050 or earlier and maybe start traveling to other solar systems.
Jim stop playing pranks on Dwight.
Gotta get Cici to college any way he can
Bears, beets, Battlestar Galactica.
Looks like Dwight finally took things too far
Dame Michael Scot. Threat Level Midnight 2 looks amazing.
Reminds me of Call of Duty cutscenes.
Where’s Pam?
Goldenface is that you?
He's probably just trying to save the receptionist
Can't take this seriously watched to much office lol
I guess his sport agent thing didn't work out.
Goldenface???!!!
Glad John Krasinski is back to doing more action/military movies. He was awesome and a BADASS in 13 Hours! Looking forward to this
i see Jim. i click
Goldenface is at it again
Jimbo
I don't buy him as a tough guy.
Sorry John, you will never not be Jim.
Tom Clancy you're crazy dude, how you make all these games and movies by yourself?
why is it so bad?
This looks like it's loosely based on Teeth of the Tiger? So they're just skipping over Ryan's whole Presidency and just inserting Junior into the film world?
What happened to jim
Is this another one of those fake CIA pranks you and Pam pull on Dwight? You might have taken it to far, like Sam Pepper far
This is gonna be his best prank yet. Dwight won't know what's coming
You've got the wrong guy man!  I'm just some dude looking at YouTube videos!  HEEEEEEEELP!!!
Jim's pranks are getting out of control.
JIM STOP THIS NONSENSE AND GET BACK TO WORK
Fck. Can't wait too see John Krasinski in a more serious role. Love this man. \n\n\n\n\n#nohomo
Lmao they used the sound bite of muslim yelling that's used in CoD.
I want a rainbow six movie. (Like the actual Clancy book)
For the life of me, I can't understand why people who can't separate Krasinski from Jim Halpert want to point out that level of stupidity endlessly. This series looks amazing.
that voice. is his voice channeling... Harrison's Ryan? either way, i'm in!
Hi Jim
John Krasinski really pulls off the military/ intelligence look pretty well. Who would have thought a salesman at a mid-level, failing paper supply company would be so good at this line of work?
They shouldn’t have put John in the thumbnail
The Esurance guy is really movin' up in the world.
I came for the office jokes
I just see JIM
Threat level Midnight part 2: Return of Goldenface
Jim, enough with the pranks
I'm on board.
This looks exactly the same as his movie 13 Hours
i swear the arabic shouting at 0:09 is from Call of Duty 4
Why does it still feel like Jim's playing some prank on Dwight? lol
I’m sorry I just can’t take him seriously.
I think it would make everyone’s day if there was more people from the office in this
This Must be a joke! “A man’s gotta know his limitations”-Dirty Harry
spoiler alert. he is bearman
Big Tuna!!!
Hey look jim
JIIIIIIIII
Looks like Decker.
Jim should be Nathan drake.
Dammit, Jim!
Jim!!!!
Big Tuna!
GOLDEN FACE
💩💩💩💩💩💩🖕🏻💩🖕🏻💩🖕🏻💩💩💩
The UK version was better.
Looks like trash. Glad I pay for netflix instead of Amazon.
what up, Big Tuna?
Threat Level: Midnight
The Dunder Mifflin accounts?
Don't know what this is or why it's trending but I have one question Amazon.. why did ya'll cancel Z The Beginning Of Everything season 2?
Being tased does not knock you unconscious...Why do so many movies and TV shows portray it that way?
This looks dumb. Just make a movie true to his book series. Like a true to book movie of without remorse
lol this dork is worse than Sam Worthington, who keeps casting him?
Omg never have I been so thankful to live in Canada
I hope you and family are doing well. Im so sorry for your loss. 😢
Holy shit that's expensive, my country we have free public health care so I've never even considered how much surgery costs
Set up payments with the hospital. Even if you pay just 100.00 bucks a month, the hospital cannot do anything if you are making payments.
That's actually not that bad. For everything you've had done and had to go thru, it's pretty minimal. My dad had hip replacement last year and just the replacement was $100,000. That didn't include the 3 day hospital stay, the PT 3 days a week for 6 weeks, or the oxygen he needed after surgery.
Transplant surgeries start at over $200,000 .... just for the transplant services. That does not include surgeon charges, anesthesia charges, therapy or medication that some1 will have to take forever. Thank God for health insurance.
My mum has seven major brain tumours in her head and has just had a big surgery to take out the two biggest. And she was just like you and stayed strong. She has already had a surgery before this one to get out other tumours. But the surgery has been successful and now there is no growth in the other tumours.
I feel so bad for America and their shitty healthcare \nI'm lucky to live in Australia and get amazing health care ❤️\nBless you you're such a beautiful soul❤️
So glad NZ Has a great public system. Havnt paid for any of my surgeries or procedures.
I'm so glad I live in Finland. Where you don't have to pay anything. Or just like 30euros (its maybe 25dollars). 😊
You are an inspiration. Keep staying strong and your doing amazing with your speech.
Thats crazy!! Here in sweden it costs about $30
Damn hospitals and  pharmaceutical companies having monopoly on peoples lives!
I am very blessed to be European, because I couldnt imagine going thru this without having an expensive private insurance. How do normal american handle it? Do you guys just have hundreds of dollars in your bank account to cover this? I never paid a penny for any medical treatment I had! It's almost like - you're sick, we're gonna punish you!
IMAGINE if every subscriber donated $1 to her gofundme and she would be set Common guys💗🙏🏻💘 She needs the help its one dollar one dollar💕
I did not have the same issue you did but had to have surgery and it was so expensive about 80,000 + extra treatment ended up without part of my skull in the back of my head, And recovery was horrible. Love all your videos truly an inspiration please keep it up!! You go girl!!
Please do a followup about what insurance helps out with. Very interested. I had stage 3 breast cancer. All I paid was for medication co pays. However, I had very good insurance. I am also here in the USA. Since then my insurance had changed. If the cancer comes back, we would be paying huge numbers too.
SO MUCH money! The government should help with these treatments! 😰 In Brazil, you don’t pay for anything!
your speech is sounding and flowing so much better!! i’m glad you’ve recovered so well!
She has started referring to herself as We. Not sure if it was directly from the surgery because i don't think she was doing that until the last few videos
I'm so glad I live in the UK where all our health care is free.
Medical costs are utterly absurd.
Ugh, on top of her dad's surgery and his treatment and then a funeral?? My heart just dropped. sending so much love to this girl and her family
This makes me want to cry I had medical expenses this summer 25k for everything in three months I think as Americans we should be able to do better this is so sad
Absolutely crazy, here in the U.K. everything you paid for would be free
Yes it's ridiculously expensive, but my god it was worth it wasn't it, because we have you and you're healthy and loved by so many!
If we all donated $1 we could easily cover her expenses and more!
Thank christ I live in the UK and it would be free.
It’s also paying for all of the surgery team’s salary. But it is outrageous that there is not a lot of help. Praying for you. ❤️
I'm guessing you have insurance? Just think of the people who don't have insurance
The cost of all this is insane.\nBut on a happy note, you said radiation properly!!! I'm so exited for you! You're doing so well!
Omg, didn't the insurance cover anything?!?!
I have never been so grateful to live in a country that provides a free health service. Donated and shared- what an inspirational lady you are!
You are back to normal with your speach!!!
Wish I could help but I’m poor
USA is insane, everything costs so so much. In sweden we don't even  pay 30 dollars for surgeries or healthcare. Medicine can cost more but not compared to the US. \nIts crazy!! But as long as you feeling better its worth every penny!
Thats so crazy..😱😱😱 Where I live we have public health care and you would have to pay only about 34€/day spent in hospital no matter what they do.
OMG... How can they make you pay that much!!  I'm very lucky I live in Australia. We don't have to pay.
USA healthcare system is terrible. You would not pay for needed brain surgery or radiation in Australia under Medicare.
If it threatens your life it should be free anything else I can understand paying but if it's life or death it should be free I'd hate to think the amount of people who died to avoid all the debt..
The American health care system breaks my heart. I'm from Australia and a medical student and feel so blessed to have free medical treatment.
I am lucky enough to live in the UK, where everything is free. Everything !!!! \nI actually had brainstem tumour surgery 4 years ago, and actually used private medical insurance to have my op exactly when I wanted it, not waiting till I was an emergency with the NHS system. My entire op, physiotherapist sessions, speech therapist, MRIs and surgery team, drugs and private ward stay came to about £25k ($32k). We were shocked how cheap my brain surgeon himself was. One of the best in the UK, and the only person brave enough to tackle my tumour. He charged just £2,500. That was for 7 hours of nerve racking, life changing skills !!! \nI think there is seriously something wrong with the US system. And sadly I think our NHS is not going to be sustainable for the future, as when you are in hospital now, it seems the rest of the world are in there, taking advantage of our generous system. Who can blame them. \nIn fact if you'd had to have your op here Courtney if you'd been even just been on vacation, the chance are you also wouldn't have been charged a thing for everything. It's mind blowing ! \nLook forward to see you continue to adapt to your new normal and go from strength to strength 😘
Wow! Your speech sounds so much better! You can definitely tell that you have been working hard at speech therapy!
im so sorry your healthcare sucks im in Australia and we are lucky to pay any money at all 😣 you should of came here for it
This is so sad, that you have to ask for this help! Being from the U.K. The NHS is free to every person. I can't fathom why you have to pay for healthcare!!! We pay our taxes, but wether you pay taxes or you are unemployed..... the NHS is free to all, no matter the trauma. Us brits don't know how lucky we are, we don't have the worry when it comes to our health!!! \nYou take care and hope you raise lots and lots xxxxx
To all of the people saying, How does America do this? I don't understand; who can pay that It's just like that here... it's kind of a gimmick because nobody expects you to pay that; instead they loop you in on payments with interest so that their income is secure... pretty genius if you ask me, though evil. This is exactly the same price as our education. College system is a joke here.
Girl just my brai surgery and everything I needed for the hospital stay for the week was $176,000 ! That didn't even include my therapy and aftercare. It's insane!  I'm 31 and my life has been turned upside down
Danggg so expensive..but glad ur doing well!!!!
You're doing so well with your speech!! You've made so much progress!!! You can say radiation really well and I can really tell that your speech has improved!!! You're such an amazing woman and you're doing so well!!! You're Such an inspiration to be strong and keep pushing through life!! Simply incredible!!!
Courtney I wish I had enough money to pay it all off for you with everything you have been through but for sure I will go & donate what I can..take care hun!
I had brain surgery last November and my insurance was billed 165,000!! Thank god for insurance I only ended up paying 4,000-5,000 of that bill. Being chronically ill is expensive :( I hope you are starting to feel better. <3
Fuck America. More money spent on wars. Glad to be in Australia
America has third world mentality. I am lucky enough to live in Canada, but I hope the USA can get into the first world soon.
You did so well reading those numbers! Congratulations on your amazing progress! I am constantly praying for you ❤
if this aint reason enough to move to canada.....
I work in medical billing and this is a normal bill - not great news for the patient but the doctors and medical professionals have to go to school for so long and carry so much malpractice insurance that they do require a decent salary. I hope that someday health care insurance changes and we can all have a right to it, but for now it is just BIG business.
Omg I am mortified at the cost of this treatment and it makes me more greatfull to have the NHS here in the U K thank you for letting us know the costs I did get a reality check I hope your doing ok xx
this is crazy to me, living in the uk, money and healthcare are so disconnected for your average joe. We receive free health care here, I’ve never been so grateful for it.
Your speech is soooo much better!!! 😱💕
Get her on Ellen so she can pay it all for her . I wish I could donate but I'm too young for a bank account yet 😩
This makes me extremely grateful for having our free NHS system after watching this 😢
This country is a sickening joke. I hope you get your bills taken care of <3
Wow, I can't believe that?! That is god awful. Just to let you know, you are my sole inspiration, I love you. \n// Side note; Oh my word...this treatment [or any tbf] if free of charge to any patient in the UK, woah.
Wow, here in Scotland everything is free. All medical costs. All education
Thank goodness for the NHS. Anyone from England ?
Your recovery is just impressive ! I wouldn't have guessed you had a brain surgery so not long ago ! You are such a strong and inspiring woman, I'm not used to letting comments but I think you really deserve to know how powerful you are. I think you should really be proud of you ! \nA French viewer :)
That’s so crazy! My back surgery cost $365,000 but then my insurance covered all but $15,000 of it. \nI am so glad that you were able to get the surgery done. I wish that you didn’t have to pay for any of this. It isn’t your fault that you had a brain tumor!!
My elbow surgery would've been about $30,000. But insurance had me pay $2500.
I'm so glad you made this. It's SO ridiculous that this kind of thing is so painfully expensive. For many people, being strapped with these expenses is life destroying; you were saved from the cancer/tumor only to be killed with debt. This is RIDICULOUS, and we need to do something about it. \nI wish you all the best and look forward to watching your continued recovery. You're a delight to watch, and your brightness despite adversity makes me feel like I can make it through my troubles too.
That's crazy 🙁
it would be amazing if she'd worked with any brands in the past if they could make a donation?
I'm thankful for the spanish social security. This is CRAZY
I couldn’t imagine how expensive my medical bill would be. I had to go to multiple drs appointments, specialists, MRIs, CT scans, my liver surgery, 3 more tube surgeries, hospital stays, X-rays, ER visits and ambulance rides. I was told it’d be around half a million if not more. I’m beyond thankful I am in the army and didn’t have to pay for any of it. I will definitely help you with what I can. Hope you keep getting better
This is unbelievable. If this exact scenario happened to me in Australia I wouldn’t have to pay for of it... My pop is on kidney dialysis, free. My nan just had a knee replacement, free. Treatment for Leukaemia? Free. \nI’m so confused America what are you doing
Hi sweetie  I'm so sad you live in America cause if you were here I. Australia you probably wouldn't have to pay a cent. You are such a beautiful special girl and I'm happy to hear your doing a gofundme   I'm heading over there right now to donate cause you are sooooooo awesome. You should also put ads on your videos   We will all click them so you can get cash faster 😂 love you girly  huggggs from #niki 🤗❤️🤗
Oh wow that is so scary in the UK we wouldn't have to pay for any of that! Just comes off out taxes
So thankfull that i live in Switzerland 🤘🙌 with a good health care system
come to canada.
So glad I live in the UK where health care is free
So brave! I hope everyone donates! Amazing!:)
Your speech is getting better! Stay positive girl! 💕
It is unbelievable how the health care system in the US is working. Here in Germany EVERYONE has to have a health insurance. And they pay almost EVERYTHING for you.
What is up with the healthcare system in America? It's unbelievable! I feel so fortunate to live in the UK where we have the NHS. I hope you raise the funds you need hun. If I'm ever in a position to donate money I will definitely think of you x
how does it work in USA? for example i live in South Africa, we join and pay a medical aid company, you can choose a specific plan that suits your finances, however when you go into hospital for a surgery etc, if you havea hospital cover you do not have to pay for anything that is carried out in hospital. For example when i had my babies my C sections and total was about R30 000 (about $3000) which we never had to pay for. Do you have to pay monthly in the US? I know you talk about insurance but is that like medical aid cover?
That's scary how expensive it is. America definitely needs to change their health care system :(
Omg it's Soo expensive but it's worth  this is only way for you to live.. Am always impressive by your attitude .. thank you.. god bless
Thank God I live in Canada. I'm sorry your medical system is so screwed up. No one should have to pay that type of money for a surgery/treatment that they need to stay alive.
Ridiculous.
and thats also a lot for a brain surgeon to make too lol
I had to have two liver transplants which cost just over 1 million dollars. So crazy. My dad said that if we didn't have insurance we would be homeless right now. So sad that life saving procedures cost so much.
your speech is PERFECT
Courtney may i ask you a question do you have a boyfriend
OMG!!!!! I had my brain surgery 2012 followed by radiation and chemo. Thankfully I am from the UK (Scotland) and we have the NHS ( National Health Service) so it cost me nothing. \nWith everything else you need to worry about the last thing you should have to worry about is how you are going to pay life saving treatment. \nStay strong X x
I'm from canada and I wish people up here would stop complaining that our health care system sucks because they have no idea how lucky we are we don't have to see those types of numbers when we have surgery if any numbers at all. I'm so sorry Court. I would donate if I could, I'm a student currently and having to borrow money from my mom and friends. Much love always
Hey Ms. Warner it's dayshaun we all miss  your might head still love you dramatic self
So if you're sick and poor you're gonna die?
Darling girl, I so wish things were the same for you as they are for me in Canada. Once you are through with kicking cancer's ass I hope you are a strong voice and advocate for a decent public healthcare system in America! I have heard horror stories about Americans having to choose to die simply because they could not afford to live. It's horrible. So horrible. We will see you through and then we will work towards seeing everyone else through as well. I love you and keep staying strong.
This would've all been free where I'm from (EU). I'm giving birth in a month, won't pay a dime. Of course it's not literally free, we pay taxes so everyone can have access to healthcare. Gladly. The US system is sick.
I think it is shocking to see how many people in America struggle to afford even the most basic health care. Luckily, where I am from, healthcare is universal
The american health care system is disgusting. How can you suck money out of dying people. If you don't have the money will they just let you die in from of the hospital or what ?
What happen in vegas stay in vegas.
Thank You WWE. For this heartfelt remembrance of the victims and families of Las Vegas..
what was Shane doing on raw
its funny how they try to make it all look real and make it seem like guys actually dislike eachother in wwe then everyone suddenly a family for things like this.I am not saying them coming together to support vegas is wrongs i am just saying its quite funny cuz next monday you gonna see reigns spearing cena and sstrowman
I'm surprised Alexa broke character for once
I always like moments like these, mainly because I like to compare superstar heights, and damn it looks like Gallows is taller than Strowman here.
Why is shane on raw?
Roman front an center next to vince, showing what a suck up he is
World class this is, fair play
*SHANE, YOU'RE EXPOSING THE BUSINESS!*
Do it for all the terror attacks . Hate has no state or country
I no the Manchester London attacks weren't in America it would have been nice for a tribute for those as wwe fans r worldwide.
Vince in the middle with his 2 boys.What a happy family.
It was very terrible what happened in Las Vegas. This was the 1st time the WWE held a moment of silence without the bell ringing 10 times because of a tragedy since the tragedy in Orlando over a year ago. God help both those cities.
That was so silent i thought my earbuds stoped working
STOP THE HATE pray for Vegas
Wow I haven't seen Vince or Tj in a long time.
It rally suvks when something like this has to happen in my hometown.
i don't get why anybody would dislike this
Respect to all the Families who lost a loved one in Las Vegas
I was watching the opening of the Redskins vs Chiefs game; saw some jerk sitting on the bench during the Anthem and fan(atics) making noise during the Moment of Silence.\n\nSwitched it over to Raw (I had waiting for me on DVR Double Play) and you could hear a pin drop during the Moment of Silence.\n\nClass!
Why are there so many attacks in different places I mean this HAS to STOP
lolz, theres no way that the wrestlers actually care about what happened xD
My prayers and thoughts to people lost life and got hurt in Los Vegas and Puerto Rico and Miami Florida and Texas and Mexico anywhere at.And plus we lost a lot of music singers and celebrity this year too.Tom Petty,The guy from Steely Dan passed away Walter Becker.And guy own a lot of game shows and TV shows has passed away to Monty Hall today the Co-Creator Let's make's a Deal.This is just sad day...😢😢😢
Hey what happens in vegas stays in vegas😂😂
I live in Las Vegas
Of course Bayley is standing next to Finn Balor
Hmmph\n\nWell, it looks like the one armed bandits struck again......\n\nI'll just pay my respects and see myself out.
Pray for the World!!! Lets have a moment of silence for the world daily
Kurt angel makes a traingel sign off illuminati wake upp
Never heard the arena so quiet
Couldn't even make it a full minute...
I stand with Las Vegas, much love from Glasgow, Scotland
It is so confusing to see a arena with people that are completely silent ...🙊
Peoples were saying jinder mahal was also there ....where is he...???
I'm starting to think that dislikes on youtube are automatic... like who can dislike something like this???
are you a short WWE Superstar??  ok, we need you in the back
Where's sin Cara!!! Is he still in WWE?
What's was the tragedy that happened in Las Vegas (L.V)
May God give peace to their souls who are died in that Las Vegas attack 😔😔
Today's wrestling crowd might not be as active or loud as the crowd was 10-20 years ago, but at least their more respectful at actually being silent in moments of silence for tragic occurrences like the one in Vegas.
No way it got that silent I bet someone yelled something
Is it really that many superstars on raw
We stand with los Angeles...
why not pray for Syria ? \nthey are not humans ??
272 people will have their souls taken by the Undertaker.
Thanks for the moment of silence it means a lot
Thank you WWE it means a lot we need everyone to pray for us and help us out much love #PrayForVegas
The face of dean ambrose 0:32
I was there and everybody was silent except for my little baby brother watching some cringy toy channel video#PrayforLasVegas
They stand with Vegas but not with Mexico
Why was Shane there
Dean looks like he's about to bust a nut.
You know my thoughts and prayers  are with the victims
We all just need to take moment and look at Dean ambrose
Really well done soooo quite really respectful well done Wwe and it’s fans
Dean was actually closing his eyea lmao
They desrved it
did Titus grab Vinnie again
This made me cried
Pray for verges
Pray4Vegas
Pause at 0:23 OMG New authority Confirmed
Rip
Cool
people actually disliked this wow
where is Brock
Thanks you 😣😢
I bet  ryback must be really sad
#LoveArmyLasVegas
No bell?
Vince is ok👍
Kayfabe is DEAD
#WeStandWithLasVegas ;-)
#prayforvegas
god Alexa is so haaaawwwt
Idk what happened to las vegas
was mr mcmahon crying
yea yea what evs
What happend in las vagas
دقيقة صمت علي منحرفين
yo
Wow
Where is brock lesnar
I love bayley
Pray For Vegas 🙏🙏🙏
TOZAWAAAAA\nHA, HA, HA, HA, HA, HA, HA, HA, HA, HA
#DegenrationX
God bless USA
Tozawa sleeping during this period.
Lol Look At Braun
They deserve it
bray whyat??
Why do they keep putting real world events in a scripted tv show?
And what about México and Puerto Rico?
What was the motive behind those attacks? Just someone suddenly goes mad and starts killing people and himself also??
This is the proof that wwe is scripted. Why? Because they are totally enemy but they are joining together.
20 people got shot the man who shot the people killed himself to 💧💧💧💧💧💧💧💔💔💔💔💔
Notice hhh hbk charolette missing? because they are haters and liars.
BORING!! No Body cares!
I only tend to binge if it's a certain show. I binged a lot of the OA because I was completely hooked. Other shows I try to do one or two episodes at a time to save it. I've binged stuff in the past and then been sad that it was over so quickly.
WE BINGE BECAUSE WE WANT TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS IN THE NEXT EPISODE ASAP, IT'S EXCITING TO SEE WHATS TO COME OBIVIOUSLY.
I love binge-watching, and it's can be a social thing for me. I often do movie marathons of franchises/series with my brother, and it's a reason for us to get together and bond.
Jack, i love these 1st world problem videos. Seriously though I don't know what it is but subjects like this gives me something interesting to talk about with friends and family. It sparks a whole new debate each time and fills the lunch breaks / evenings nicely. \nI think the couple thing about watching separate series is a must. Personally I have that situation going at the moment. In my man cave is it and enjoy the slapstick/dry humour of American series. Whilst In the other room my better half watches British soaps (catch up or otherwise) \nIt's healthy and it works. \nThanks for your existence as always.
idk binging leaves me feeling super guilty about all the time that I could have spent doing other stuff like going out or studying or something. That's why i need a tv show to be absolutely brilliant and worth it for me to binge.
I tend to binge watch because: \n1) I forget to tape episodes or tune in when they're on \n2) I have other things to do when the show originally aired, so it's just easier to watch them all at once after the season is over and not end up watching episodes out of order. \n3) There are no or very few commercials when binge watching. \n4) I don't have time to forget the story line from one week to the next.  \n5) It feels more like watching a very long movie that is rich with details when I binge watch. \n6) It takes time to watch a whole season from beginning to end, so in some ways feels like the kind of engrossment level I get when reading a great book. \n7) I often don't even hear about a new show until mid-season or so when people start raving about it, so binging it once it finishes allows me to catch up on what others are recommending.\n8) I feel like I accomplished something when I watch that last episode. #goals\n9) It was a show that came on HBO or some other service I didn't have when it first aired, so I binge it when I'm able to access / buy it.\n10) It's fun. :)
Watch Designated Survivor. It is the best show out right now. S1 is ready to binge watch but S2 is currently coming out week by week on Netflix and tbh I love it. It gives me something to look forward too every Thursday, I watch it with my mum but it's so good that I'll watch it ahead because I can't wait and then watch it again with her. Fucking good show. Enjoy the anticipation and speculation between episodes
Binging is necessary....... especially in the cold weather ❤️😊
I don't really binge watch, but once a week is definitely not enough. I like to watch 1 episode per day. If you make me wait a week (or even better: 6 months, like amazon is apparently doing) I end up forgetting about it. I used to watch buffy with my mom, but when she got a new work schedule it became harder to watch together and to this day I still haven't finished the last season (for one thing I forgot which episode/disc I'm at) ._.
Without using ur mobile date Lol Idc I've got that unlimited shit boi.
I don't like to binge at all. I used to but a problem that I encountered is that to me personally no show feels special anymore. A big part of the fun of a show is the hype before and the happy feeling I'm left with after the episode. If I watch a complete season at once it feels like having a really good expensive cup of coffee, putting a funnel in my mouth and drinking the coffee in one sip.
I watch about 1% of the amount of movies/tv now that I'm in a relationship. Oh, and MON season 2 is BRILLIANT! A black and white, all Italian ep?!! Awesome.
I binge for two kind of opposite reasons which is weird... Like, when I was unemployed I would binge because I had nothing to do. I had nobody to stop me sitting there and binging all 6 seasons (it was 6 at the time) of Game of Thrones if I wanted to. \nNow I binge because I'm busy with uni, YouTube, friends and family. I can't know that I'm going to be available every Wednesday night. So I'll save up some episodes and binge them all at once. Or better yet, with Attack on Titan, I'm waiting till I have a spare weekend and I'm going to binge the whole second season. (That only works with stuff like anime though, because if it was something like Game of Thrones there would be too many spoilers.)
first thing I binge watched was Lost. I think we do it or at least I do it, because its a better way to experience it. You are 100% into the story and the world when you binge watch. Only one episode a week is limiting. I prefer it when it airs weekly because I don't have time to binge watch and im too weak not to but the experience is enhanced when youve spent the last 7hours inside the same universe.
I binge on shows but I because I spend so much time in that world and with those characters I end up getting tired of it. Loads of shows have 4+ seasons and I've noticed that I become a bit of a tv commitaphobe.  It just becomes predictable or the characters/plot get annoying. It's probably why I tend to prefer bbc dramas.
The only things I can fully binge by myself are things that don't require much focus so I can multitask otherwise I feel like I'm procrastinating, so like Pokemon (yea I'm 2 decades old and what that shit's great) I watch while I'm doing the practical side of my costume course, and the best one actually was when I had to pull an all nighter to finish a piece of costume jewellery in time for presentation the next day so I stuck The Mighty Boosh on, got through every season and finished at like 7am just in time to pack everything up ready for uni... The result was a really feckin surreal bus ride after Noel Fielding's mind had become my normality
Have you seen Harlan Coben's The Five on Netflix? SO GOOD. I can't believe nobody is talking about it... I lost an entire day to it and I don't regret it.
I'm one of the weirdos who watches TV as it airs, it's always been something that we've done as a family and it feels wrong not to, there always seems to be a drama or comedy series on and we tend to plan our nights based around TV, e.g. We have nothing to watch on Thursdays so homework/housework/paperwork can go on uninterrupted OR we can go to bed earlier on Wednesday and watch that show Thursday. While it's amazing when you can binge a series I still quite like the wait for a new episode, it keeps my attention piqued and helps to get my brain going - since I've not watched it back to back I have to pay attention. I do tend to go back later and binge the entire series in one go but with a little brother and A levels for me spreading things out works better with schedule, especially when I feel like others are relying on me being done so THEY can watch TV. \n\nI also really miss the water cooler effect, talking about TV was the best fuckin thing and now it doesn't happen, major regrets.
My only way of watching shows is through binge to be honest, my job is pretty full on 5 days a week, sometimes more and obviously on my days off I try to make plans with people I haven't seen in months because of my job, so I miss a lot of aired shows, so when I find time (9/10 at stupid o'clock in the morning) is when I actually be able to watch the shows I plan to, my to watch list of shows is near enough impossible to accomplish at the moment, I don't have time to sit and watch aired shows because I'm not at home when they do 😂, but yeah that's my reason on binging, this might be interesting it might not to your points on binging but oh well 😂😂
I binge watch so much! I hate it when social media spoils it. Depending on the day and the amount of a level work I have to do then I will watch all day
My first binge was Charmed box sets about 9-10 years ago. I like to think I've come a long way since then...
I watch things sporadically, usually a couple of episodes back to back but I don't think I've ever watched an entire series of something in one go
I can never do more than three episodes in a row bc I get restless and bored, no matter how good the series is :/
I don't watch TV, but I do watch youtube for hours
It's weird but I find that the length of one episode defines whether I binge something or not. If it's under 30 minutes, yes. But any longer like 40 or 45? No. I can't do it. It either has something to do with my existentialism or attention span. I get bored or feel like too much time is passing. But watching 4 twenty minute episodes feels fine, but not 2 40 minute episodes. I think it's that feeling of accomplishment. But then again, I don't know shit.
We used to go to the pub and binge .  .  social . .  ness.
The only series I sort of binged is Stranger things, in two sitting. I'm not really a binge person, for some reason I can't bring myself to watch more than 2 episodes of anything consecutively, though i'm not watching anything as it airs either... i guess i'm just a slow watcher in general
Restraint? Ha! I laugh in the face of restraint! Well I mean I would if I could see it, all I can see now are bright, rectangular lights.
You have to disclose that this is an ad in the title. Great video as always :)
I think you skimmed over impatience - our society and lifestyle is so fast paced that we've lost a lot of patience and I think that contributes to why we binge.\n\nAlso - Jack, have you ever watched the Spiderman cartoons? They were a part in my childhood and I've definitely binge watched them at some point.
my concentration is just not enough to binge watch an entire series, i usually give up after two or three episodes
Yeaaaah I sometimes find binging exhausting to the point I get bored with the series. I unfortunately did that with the last season of Orange Is A New Black but then there are shows like glee that I spent all of my free time on. So I don't know the rule but I guess sometimes when the series is too long it's better to watch it with a little breaks just to enjoy every part of it 😆
I find it fascinating how socially accepted it is even though we use the word binge. Binge is usually used to describe illnesses e.g. binge eating or binge drinking. I'm doing my dissertation on binge-watching and the psychological effects it has on our behaviour so this was an interesting video
We've all been there
i usually binge stuff on really busy days, when I have a lot of chores around the house like cleaning or ironing clothes, repetitive chores you don't have to devote a lot of brainspace to. but it's usually an easy show or audio book i listen to, that lets you not be 100% concentrated to it and not miss anything. OR I binge stuff on days I feel bad or sick, but then I need something more immersive that doesn't let me think and tune out, so my mind is occupied. otherwise, I'm not a fan watching an episode per week, because I feel it waters the show down
Honestly, I don't binge tv shows. Not because I restrain myself, but because if I watch more than 2/3 episodes (depends on the show and length of episode) a day my brain gets so full of that show I'll constantly dream about it at night, to the point that I'm half awake and kind of rewatching the show in my head, and I'll spend all day thinking about it too. So I just don't watch too much of a show, generally :'). \n\nBut maybe 2-3 episodes a day is also bingeing? It is compared to watching 1 show a week, but my friends will sometimes watch 8 episodes a day when they like a show so compared to them, I'm very mild. When are you really bingeing a show? How many episodes within how short a timeframe would be bingeing?
first thing i binge watched was the simpsons like i used to collect all the boxsets from second hand stores and sit there and watch entire seasons. mostly i now bingewatch when doing something like cleaning or studying as 'background noise'. its actually quite hard for me to be at home and not have the tv or my laptop playing something as i tend to feel immense boredom
my first 'binge' was Heroes. All my mates were a few eps before the finale and raving on about it, so I caught up with them so I could have something to talk about.
I would be so annoyed if my sister watched prison break without me.
I think the first thing I binged was iCarly when Nickelodeon did a marathon of it haha
When you're bullimic and constantly ask yourself this
I have no self control, jack #bingeall
I take issue with the spoilers bit, you yourself did that one twitter with Game of Thrones on an episode that I had not yet seen which you then ruined  part of the plot of. If you are going to be critical of others Jack, don't be hypocritical.\n\nThanks\n\nA viewer
I am not good at binge watching on my own... I get distracted easily... but doing it with a friend or my parents, no problem!
I'd almost always wait for the full season to be released and just binge because I'm sort of impatient when it comes to series especially if they have cliffhangers at the end of each episode like I ain't tryna wait a week to find out
Throwing in a bit of media theory in there eh jack? I’m just so pleased I got what you meant  😂
I one time watched the first season of PLL in one sitting. Like 22 hours of content. It was a bet with my friend to see if we could do it (she watched it with me) but yeah. It’s simultaneously the best and worst time I binged something 😂
Certain shows that I watch are too exciting to only watch one episode at a time, it's like a book you can't put down, but we don't refer to that as binge reading
I was a little confused before this started, because I thought this video might be a talk about mental illness
I make sure to always have a few series that have episodes coming out every week as well as some series I can binge watch simultaneously. So that I have some shows to look forward to, but also the option to binge whenever I feel like it.
Net neutrality out the window. Did you even think about what you were promoting before you accepted the money for it? Pretty poor from you.
My friend trinity does this thing where she is convinced that she suggested the show to you. Shows like oitnb, 13 reasons why, stranger things and atypical. She is convinced that she told me to watch all them and gets a satisfaction from it. So the only way to let her know that she hasn’t persuaded my tv show choices I must watch them when they come out. Forcing me to take a day off school every time Orange is the new black releases a new series.
My bingeing keeps getting more and more ridiculous - just finished all 102 episodes of Suits in 3 weeks (highly recommend btw for anyone considering), and already looking for the next thing. It’s kind of strange but I like having something there in the background to ... fall back on? Like, if I’m doing the ironing, or I’m having an early night, or there’s a long journey ... I like integrating a show into my life, which probably means I’m missing something else right now, but yeah. It’s strangely comforting and I’m trying to find something to fill the void right now haha.
this season of GoT was the first season i've watched as it aired and really the only show i've watched live and it was so much fun, i loved going to work and everyone had watched it\nbut realistically unless a show is a hugely popular as GoT it's not really possible for the 'water cooler' conversation to work anymore? at least not by episode i don't think
I agree with what you said Jack and that study is so interesting! My partner would never get away with getting ahead of me in a show we are both watching, my mum is lucky I didn’t lose it when she got ahead of me in Outlander so yeah wow! \n\nThe last thing I binge watched was Wynonna Earp (finally!) and I did two seasons in two days now that was the last thing I binged and that was about two weeks ago and binged Defenders two/three weeks before so I do monitor and manage my bingeing but I’m always hesitant on shows because if people are like “Yes watch it, it’s amazing, you’ll love it!” I won’t like it as much, happened sadly with House of Cards and a few other shows and I’m quite a hypocrite too because I say that to people so I don’t blame them but I find it so interesting that, that is how my mind works (and possibly others) and the lifestyle that watching television is now! And I love it but living in Australia has its negatives with American tv because we have to illegally download or wait for DVD or until Netflix puts it on. So in Australia (and I’m sure other countries) Freeform’s Shadowhunters had its episodes uploaded weekly to Netflix so I could watch it, sadly once a week but now days time flies so before you know it you have one day before the new episode. \n\nBut anyway great vid! 👍🏻👍🏻
I have had restraint with rick and morty purely because i didnt want there to not be anymore! Its taken 2 weeks but im finishing it today, its my birthday so why not? That my friends is my restraint maximum😂
what's interesting is how some shows are different when binging - I mean, they clearly were made so differently. Like ER - that is an amazing show, but watching it without commercial breaks is irritating, because they roll back the scene and you are watching the same thing over and over again. That used to be a thing, but it's not anymore. There are also some of those that are so intense it's frustrating to watch, again, because there isn't a commercial break to lighten the tension.
I'm definitely a binge watcher! I wait until the whole season is our before binge watching it over a weekend... i guess it's because you can get enthralled in the series and can feel all the emotions because it's fresh in your head. Sometimes if the series is really good i binge watch it (so i can talk to friends about it) and then go back and watch it again at a slower pace to really enjoy it more... i did this with Riverdale
Absolutely love your videos where you chat about films so it was nice to hear you chat about TV shows as a change 😊 I’m definitely a binge watcher but then I also like the anticipation of watching one a week! Depends on the show I think 🤔
hold the phone. Catastrophe isn't an amazon show. I watched all of season 3 then went back and watched seasons 1 & 2 thinking that the next batch would be ready for me soon enough.
I think I use binging as a form of procrastination
Me, when all episodes of a season come out all at once I don't watch/binge them all at once. I will watch one or two episodes a day until I'm done. The only thing is, I don't like it when people spoil it on social media before I have finished!
My problem is that I get easily distracted. I can't watch more than one or two episodes at a time (and those have to be 30min episodes I can't deal with those 1h long ones) otherwise I'll get bored.
I do it when stressed tbh, so the amount is increasing daily
Yeah ex, why would you watch season 2 of master of none before season1?! I was asleep on the sofa, woke up halfway through the Italy episode, we watched the entire season in a day and then missed the last 20 minutes of the final episode... worst way to watch anything ever!
i like to binge shows ive already watched anyone else do that? like im currently doing that with Supernatural (tho stopped cause two jobs now ugh)
Netflix was designed around binge watching. Whenever you finish an episode and you're like, alright that's enough, it'll be like, look at this next episode!
I love to binge watch series because this way I'm much more involved into the story and world instead if I just watch one episode a week.
Been loving your channel recently Jack!!
noone talks about binge reading. We binge read the harry potter books because they were a constant cliffhanger.  Binging is human nature it is a deadly sin (gluttony), but you cant die from too much Harry Potter or Stranger Things.....I hope.
The first several shows I binged (like you before that was the word used) I watched them on DVD, but on DVDs from the library, so I'd only have a week before I had to return the entire season, this was of course back in the pre-uni days when I had the time to watch a whole season in a week. Now I rarely watched shows as they air, there are still a few I record, but I'll typically watch them an hour later, because then I can skip through the commercials. I know I binge because I get impatient and want to keep consuming the media I'm enjoying
When I was sick in bed for a week with pneumonia, I watched a season of a series each day. Best guilty free binge of my life.
Why we Binge is an easy Question! It is because we want NOT TO END the Thing we like!
My aunt and I talked about binge watching recently [esp. with Game of Thrones] and realised that if you watch too much TV in one go, it's either too exhausting or you gradually lose sense of the potential complexities or nuances. Having rewatched s3 of GoT - 10 hours in two days - was exhausting which makes sense.\nI tend to watch two or three hours of TV any given day if I'm watching a show over a period of time. Occasionally I will watch more and lose track of time, so...Whoops.
i watch my shows on my own because my SO doesn't have taste in shows...
No restraint until the last few episodes, then I have almost limitless will power... I waited almost two years between the second last and last episodes of Deadwood because I couldn't stand the thought of having no new episodes to watch.... Maybe that's not restraint though
Personally, I do tend to have quite a fair amount of restraint when it comes to watching shows, especially on Netflix. For example, when new Marvel Netflix series come out, I tend to limit myself to one a day AND stick to it, it seems to give me just enough suspense to wonder what will happen next, but I'm not left waiting too long that I forget the last episode. I have been known on occasion however to erm... break that particular rule haha! Sped through the new BoJack Horseman as quick as I could! I do see both sides of the supposed argument though and I don't think there's really a wrong or bad side. Just comes down to personal preference! :)
The first series I really binged was Avatar the Last Airbender. I got hooked and had to watch it all before the finale came out. Lol
I just plain forget, so when I go to watch it there's a few eps waiting for me and I'll have binge to play catch up before I'm distracted by life again.
I don't... Get binge watching? It took me a month to watch Sherlock (before season 4 was released) and I still haven't finished season 2? 3? Of black mirror. For me, I need time to process every form of media I consume. Black mirror, for example, I watched Shut Up and Dance like months ago and I still haven't started the next episode. This goes with books and movies as well. People binge watching Harry Potter? Can't do it. People reading 7 books a month? Can't do it, even if I did have the time. I think for me, binge watching kind of takes away how much you appreciate the art of it all.
I thought I was the only one who got a little hurt when my partner watches shows without me
i have so much homework to do, but its the holidays and i plan on binge watching something today
You look like an egg with glasses and pretty great hair
Jack Howard is a  Tottenham Hotspur fan spurs on there to wembley stadium come on you spurs
I watched the first seven seasons of RuPaul's Drag Race in about two or three weeks
liking just coz you referred to hazel as your 'lady friend'
I never actually binge watch tbh
Season 2!!!! yooo
Ahhh, yes... The lady-friend...
Matchsticks
Procrastination - duh.
high ur a-noy-ing
My lady friend 😂😂😂
Very interesting video
“My lady friend”
Has my carrier pigeon come by yet, Jack?
Restraint? That's cute. ALL AT ONCE
I don't just binge....i binge them at 1.25x speed with subtitles...... 1.1x speed if i love the show
Funny you mentioned this.... I just found your channel a couple of days ago and I just watched all of your content... Everything since 2009.... Yep...
I feel like a lot of people binge watch because in this day and age where everything is instantaneous and fast paced, our attention spans have gotten a lot shorter. Personally for me, it takes a lot of commitment to sit down and watch a movie/tv show series without doing anything else at the same time but once I'm watching it and really engrossed in it, it's hard to get out - almost like I haven't focused on anything properly in awhile. That's just what it feels like for me anyway. I'm sure there's a legit reason though.
Is it just me or would you also freak out seeing how that guy treats your brand new Model 3?\n\nUnbelievable how he: \n\n- hammers on the display (it's called touch screen)\n- slams the glove compartment and hitting alloy decor with his phone\n- treats the coat hook\n- slams the charge port\n- puts aero craps on top of each so that they will scratch \n- closes frunk hood with one hand (other video) \n-       slams the doors \n\nPutting a promotion video on YouTube and demonstrating how you treat other peoples property is not a smart idea. Definitely not the place to leave a Model 3 or any other car for detailing.
dude, take it easy with the coffeine/coke/speed or whatever. you almost ripped that poor charging door off..
Leave it to Tesla to overcomplicate something as simple as the steering wheel adjustments...........
It's a lit button. Not a lighted button
Really, do some research and go over stuff before creating videos.  Thanks.
If you like to complain about the glossy black trim on the middle console of the Model 3, just think about the seats in the Model x^^
It’s a plastic car😂
The more I see this car the less I like it. Literally looks like a toy car.
Dose the Tesla Modal 3 have Camper mode like the S & X
It's lit.  Please stop saying lighted it's driving me crazy. Otherwise, great vid.
Can you check if it has isofix In back and front seat? Wondering if this works as a family car. Thanks
The light/button in the frunk is a US regulation. There has to be a way for a human to get out
it just froze when u pushed that mute button multiple times ... watch icon on right corner of display after u give up :D :D
Honestly, the interior looks like absolute crap, it looks cheap like an interior of a 20k compact car.
What about the speedo? Thats the only reason why I watched this
You could just use superglue to glue to the bottom of the bumper. (Maybe) if you drill the holes it wouldn't be so bad- well, you're not going to take the license plate off of that car, or else you're not allowed to drive that car on the road.
the side plastic trims on the door panel look cheap
So much compromises for a car that costs 35k...
so when you hold it before it for two hours and then you expect it to work. reset and then record
U r hands deserve a PRIUS
I’d love to see if those features will still work in 15 years from now
What happened to the good old cars .. now these day you have to get software updates for car like smart phones !not like good old cars but that's kind of awesome !
Why would u want to move the wheel when driving ? wow :P
you should make more youtuve videos. you seem like a very positive and happy person.
Thanks for these videos
man, i'd be pissed
Show us the driving😏
i didnt like the car to much technologic
Horrible interior. Otherwise starting to see model 3 on the street and exterior looks great in real life
isn't there supposedly an NDA on these still?
Consumer facing software for the Model 3  won't be feature complete until about middle of 2018. It will be good enough to release for consumer delivery about December or first Qtr 2018 but probably won't be feature complete until later about middle of 2018 to 3 Qtr 2018. Full hardware features aren't expected until about 3 Qtr.
Absolutely should not be adjusting the steering wheel while driving anyway.
I heard the there is a passenger camera, can you look into it?
And Beta testing of this car starts now....
that electric steering wheel adjustment only makes sense if you got profiles you can preselect or if the car senses by the key who is getting in and auto adjusts
One advise bud: lighting and more lighting... other than that good Model 3 series. Subs
the interior quality looks plain awful....
Yeah but it adds 10% when you need it
What does he say in 6:35?
Why is this guy the the only person on the internet with model 3??
Oh wow you in the bay im from Oakland. Just found your channel I love the in-depth stuff on the Tesla. One day I’ll have one.
Get a Leaf......  Better yet, get yourself a chevy......
Minimalism is a positive word
How does the leg room feel in front and rear seats compared to S and X?
Thanks for sharing - FYI 'lighted' is not the past tense of light.
More like lack of features. The Model 3 is a piece of shit. Also whats the song in intro? thanks.
This video is chock full of weapons grade derp...
Did the owner of this car like you f*cking with it like this?
Phone charging cable was installed incorrectly.  High gloss part along leading edge of phone tray slides left to remove.  This reveals proper routing areas for cables.  Route cables then slide trim piece back on.\n\nOh...fyi...trunk release from inside is federal requirement.  They must be visible so they are either lit or glow in the dark.
They have shitty ass colors , I hate platinum paint, bright gloss looks way better
I think you find if you are small enough to get locked in your frunk that the light actually goes off when you close it. Otherwise it would be on all the time....
Will the frunk open when you press the button inside while driving?
didn't they just change the new iphone charging port?! lolllll why would you put non standardized proprietary charging phone cord in a car.... must be because elon is in love with apple.
Maybe if you pressed the screen even harder things would work better? :)
A trunk/frunk interior release is a US Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard. It is required for all cars made after 2000.  People have died in trunks because there wasn't a way to get out until the mandate .... FYI.
As a huge Tesla fan, I love LOVE the concept of over-the-air-updates.  What other car can ship without functionality but then have it magically update later?  Can't wait till they do the radio.
That's a really bad interior.  No thanks.
As a car, this is just terrible. It makes no sense unless you absolutely MUST have an electric car. Which at the moment you don't need.
You could just put a wireless charging pad there
Drill the whole at the bottom of the opening instead.
No, tell us how you really feel about that piano black trim.
Release button in the frunk?  You forgot to insert dead - or semi-dead body joke
Question what is that window on the back deck going into the trunk for?
how many model 3's are going to get smashed because someone wanted to steal that huge tablet
Basically the video tells me that Tesla buyers are beta testers for the company
Its a government regulation to have a release mechanism on the inside of a trunk.
I am not really a big fan of the interior of this car. Not having the dials immediately in front of you is just annoying and overall the lack of buttons, controls, or features makes it look and feel cheap IMHO.
Can you show a full sized carryon in the frunk and a full sized checked bag in the trunk?
frunk inside release button is probably for kids
Tesla said the series 3 don't have it and will not have it either
....like the iPad glued to the dash? Looks out of place.
Is this someone’s car that’s supposed to be getting detailed?
So good filming on the fly! 👍 lovin’ the videos of the model 3 so good a car guys review! not a tech guy who bangs on about the trunk and hubcaps
How do you turn on the turn signals? There doesn't seem to be a turn signal stalk...
a gun, a pistol, a knife cos you know you are psychopath... dude thumbs up just for that Lol xD
This guy is definitely what we call a Grobmotoriker in Germany.
USB means you can use wireless charger of your choice!!
I totally thought this guy was on crack
The only model 3 in depth review is made by the most annoying guy ever... please somebody do reviews about this car
I love Tesla but i´m sorry, i can´t with that interior...
At the rate production is going I am hoping for 2020 on the pre order.
Can the coat hook hold a dead body?
lit
Snowflake car
Piece of crap !!!
Watch for sad duckling at 10:18 😄
What self respecting “detailer” tolerates water spots?
Waste of money
Really?No speedometer? Infotainment display is more important I guess
it looks crap
USB Ports.... Ports....
Lighted!!! Illuminated ffs
Ugliest car I ever seen
ugly steering wheel
How cheap and shit the new model 3 is lol go get an i3 if u want hi tech Tesla is a joke
Does it have a rear armrest? I know the Model S doesn't have one.
Good lord that interior is horrifying.\n\nThis is the disaster that you get when you let the I.T. Dept design your car interior.  Kill it with fire.
My infiniti fx35 has alot more features that this car, i will cancel my deposit soon
Am I the only one who thinks it looks awful both outside and on inside?
I expected the car to be unsafe and unergonomic because of the lack of a gauge cluster, but now that I've seen the real thing, the left edge of the infotainment screen where the virtual gauges are displayed is close enough to the steering wheel that it shouldn't be an issue. I think they must have either widened it or moved it to the left since the first beta model we were shown a year ago.
Miss Shania is back and coming for 2017
💖❤️ SHANIA!!!!! - I LOVE YOU SOOOO MUCH & I am soooooo proud of you!!!! Xxxxxx😘😘😘😘💖💕❤️
The Sexy Queen of Music Videos has Returned For Her Crown! 😍❤\n#LetsGoGirls #ShaniaNow
nice day ..
Rainha ❤
Cópia descarada da abertura do Fantástico
#iloveyou
Brazil Loves You Shania  ❤  come here
1 Like 1 Comment
Linda
Rip 3rd comment
Sweet vídeo
Look at how @ShaniaTwain glow! 💙
I love you..❤❤😘Shania twain
Amo essa cantora ela canta d+
Que legal explorar esse lado MULHER de Shania... todas nós mulher merece esse estalo de auto analisar e dizer:  É, TÔ MUITO GATA! kkkkkkkkkkkkk , brilha Twain, bjsss de Brasil 😘
Lady director 😍
I love Shania's new album but I don't think the video for Swingin' does her justice. The lighting and filters were not flattering at all - she looks better in the documentary footage here.
What a pleasure to work with the queen it most be!
Hope you always be best for your song \nWe dan with you
Oh my god shania twain 😃😃😃👏👏👏💖i be so happy if i see her 😃i be OH MY GOD 😃😃😃👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏✨💖👑😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
Til Shania- swingin refers to dancing and not moving hard back and forth on a piece of wood xD
Where is this studio? I think I have seen it before in some Beach Body videos. LOVE YOU SHANIA!
Coming Back to the Stages after a Real Life Tragedies Is  something only legends can DOOOOOOO .......... Love you Shania ... from SYRIA
@ShaniaTwain is absolutely stunning in this video and the butt shot is worthy! You go girl!  The lighting in this video is magnificent. Love it and love #ShaniaNOW
Shania is complete boss! Queen is back and still sexy and awesome! She looks so awesome in that jumpsuit. Love it!
I love how creative and sexy this video is Shania. One of my favourites you look gorgeous. Totally goals 😍 congrats on going platinum in Canada.
Love you shania! From Brazil!
First
What kind of bike is that, I’m talking bmx moutain etc
Carbon fibre is sooo 2016 carbon nanotube  is the new thing.
Testing was a farce .. end off ..
Never realized how tough wheels are till I watched Aaron Gwin's tireless race.
Hey danil i guess you shall come to Nepal for next video because nepal is a biodiversity country and nepal have terai which is plain,hill which have a lot of hilla,and himaliyan region which have mountains and you can do nice video in hilly region...\nI bet you you cant ride in nepal...Challange for you come to nepal and ride in high hills of Nepal....you cant fuck...\nif you can ride i will give you 3 million...i swear...!!! come on man....
What a waste of money if that bike is mine i will use it in the better way 😣😣
It hurts to See that
odyssey 7ka and hazard lite would have laughed at this test.
Bit better than the v10 frame
How much cost this wheels ? santa cruz can give them to me i don't will disturb them like this :-)
First drop gap was great
That is crazy haha the lasted so long to unnatural abuse!
You can get TWO high end BMX Bikes for the price of a set of those rims. just saying.
I don't care about the rins, my concern is how he did that up fuck stairs 180. Godamn Danny
Now let Loose and Rat test the wheels.
Danny's ankles and knees are going to so fucked..that dude is going to be one painful old dude
I thought the man was gonna 180 down a set then i see him 180 up a set even easier than down it
how dafaq did he 180 up a 8 set
Am i the only one the thought he was testing the wheel
Danny is a Legend!!! 👍 👌 👏
This guy is insane
That video made me so happy!!!!!!😁
i heared a chris king hub i might be wrong tho
1:08 How the fuck didn't you get a puncher or a pinched innertube???????
fuckin white problems
Aaron subscribed
El maltratando una bici carisima
pretty tuff shit man
omg....
Sometimes I don't understand why people dislike stuff. This video is awesome!
Love music track :) antonio sanchez  with soundtrack to birdman open new door for music in this plastic world :)
the whole time until he took the tire off i thought he was talking about the tires not the rims
TORTURE testing at its best..!!!!
All we need now is carbon inner tubes
Oh god\nJust give me put on mine xc bike😆
That’s what you get wen you pay $10,000 per wheel. You get alien technology.
Hey their! If you have santa cruz frame if i were you i better use Shimano Deore XTR group set and FOX fork.
give bigboy a set of these please  ! #standwithscotty
Aonde eu encontro esse aro? Em q site?
That pose. I did it.
I want these so bad every thing you make is extremely well worth the money your v10 your nomad is my dream garage
Testing carbon rims that looks like a fun crack 😀😆
I wonder how these would hold up for Bmx street riding like if they would hold up Santa Cruz needs to make them in 20”
Spider bike spider bike does what a spider might lol
This rim broke in four minutes!!!!  Never buying these.......
I've never actually seen him fall before
It took such a beating
And now here I am with my Fulcrum XC wheels, bending them and bending them back they are totally fucked. Really fragile considering some Mavic rims but on a budget for a Hardtail also a wider rim above 30mm better.
Children in Afrika could have eatin the wheel
How much is it
The weight on these aren't horrible either.. I was expecting heavier after having seen this
Not that impressed.  I did a 2 foot long jobby once.  Now that was impressive!
I bought abike for 2.000 ebike there serously worth to buy it saves u from buying shitty petrol very powerful bikes
Would somebody please think of those poor stairs and the damage that is being done to them. \n\nYeah yeah nice rims and all, but those stairs are beauts. All flat and, perfecto spaced sexy as dick right now. Lol
I always find it funny when a watch a YouTube video and see glasgow
But did they replace that rim under warranty?   :)
Danny boy gets his back rim burst to bits 😆😆😆
1599-1899$$
Bike of Chuck Norris ? 😂😂😂😂😂
Ô jante dos meus sonho
😮
mega
Sad.
Where is eays
Nice skills mate
Michelin are better
Every roadie had an anuerism at 2:50
How much are these BMF'ers?
Thats just cruel...
crazy
Click the link http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=50913
Lemme have the frame 😊😊😊
Yes Danny!
Que boludez ,chavón
Dovevi darla a me
Não fura o pneu n
That's crazy.
You are frikken wreckless...
Nice.🤘🌲📹🚲
That hurts my eyes
Can you wheel
Pretty insane durability.
fuck ebike#wat a fraud formal Ban
Ebay - Slightly used .
2:06 it's completely flat wtf
dirtiest rim job on the whole infernet
How much cost your bike? (Answear plz)
Btilliant! Fun to watch
Du bist so dumm
Top...
Nice
OMG
sicher haben die nach jedem versuch die felge gewechselt
Adam
I'm seeing some weird artifacts around the guy at 1:40, especially in the head and arms area. Any idea why?
I'm not saying they are bad, I'm just saying he was putting his weight on the front tire during the hard stuff
am guessing a couple of grand per set the add uk tax e.t.c oh £3000 a pair. i'll have a set for everyday of the year cheers ;-p
The guy's got too much money to smash a good bike to make fools, so it's one of them. It would have been better to show the stunts and how strong he was, and he gave it to the boy 12-14 years, be riding on a bike that the parents can't buy a good bike from. Stupid video, Dizlajk.
I wonder how many wheels/rims were used to make this advertisement.
What kind of bike class is that ?
Can confirm you screamed at the TV.
Watch Avatar: The Last Airbender. It's a kids show but it's also not a kids show. Either way, it's fantastic.
DIRK GENTLY'S HOLISTIC DETECTIVE AGENCY
Love Rick and Morty, obvs, and hope that in amongst the inundation of recommendations you're probably already swimming through, you notice my shout in favour of Crazy Ex Girlfriend. It's a romantic comedy musical about love, happiness, mental health and depression, and please don't be put off by the title, as it's currently halfway through its deconstruction of that sexist term. The first two seasons are on Netflix, with third season episodes due to be added weekly from 14th October!
Shows to binge watch \n1-Bojack Horseman \n2-The Handmaid's Tale \n3-Glow
Inside No. 9 is so underrated but sooo good.
Dear White People is one I thoroughly enjoyed. I found myself cheering at some of the spot on messages. It is very timely and I loved how almost every episode is about a specific character and gets really in depth about what they believe and the type of person they are.
This Is Us is potentially one of my new favorite shows of all time. The main draw point is the characters, each one is well constructed and complicated. For me it's one of the few shows on tv where each character seems to have flaws and makes just as many bad decisions as they do good ones. It's a really interesting look into the life of a family in a heartbreaking but also adorable and hilarious way. Each episode I find myself laughing hysterically and then tearing up, it's just such a wonderfully written and acted show. I binged the whole first season so quickly, and I'm so excited season two has started.
Unbreakable kimmy Schmidt is amazing
Black Mirror
Damn I just got so excited cause I thought Rick and Morty was on Netflix and I just never noticed. Forgot UK Netflix is different than US...
3:35 isn't it gillian (with a _guh_ not a _jee_ )?
I really want to watch Rick and Morty but its not on Netflix!!! (Its on Hulu but i dont have hulu)
How to get away with  murder 😍😍😍
Rick and Morty motherf***er! Yeah Baby! Put your f***in hands in the air Morty! Yeah! You little piece of shit!
My favourite shows on Netflix (other than the big ones like Stranger Things, Black Mirror etc) are Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. It's not for everyone and may take a few episodes to like, but it's hilarious. And I also love Love Sick (originally titled Scrotal Recall). Its so heartwarming and funny!
The Good Place is one of the most clever comedies I've seen in a while and I LOVE it, I've been watching Bojack Horseman and it's awesome, also an oldie but a goodie is Leverage!
So should this be titled as an AD?
HAZEL!!! If you loved Buffy, I think you should watch Agents Of Shield. Joss Whedon is a part of it and I just love the characters so much... In my opinion, it gets better and better and I have teared up so many times with this show. I just really love it, maybe you'll like it too!
an anime recommendation: FullMetal Alchemist: Brotherhood. My all time favourite show. I've got a lot of friends who don't like anime shows but they've always enjoyed this one. If you don't particularly enjoy listening to Japanese dialogue, it's got a great English dub too.  It's insane how well written it is.
Please Like Me is a masterpiece
Watch Designated Survivor. I cannot stress how incredible the show is enough. The premise is that a terror organisation (not ISIS) blows up the US Capitol during the State of the Union Address taking out almost everyone leaving Tom Kirkman who was the designated survivor in the event of a mass attack to become President. \nIt is the most gripping TV show I have ever watched, I binged the first 6 episodes of S1 until I caught up and had to watch real time and the suspension between episodes is so much fun. Pretty much every episode has an amazing cliff hanger that isn't just there for the sake of it, it's necessary and is just fucking beautiful WATCH DESIGNATED SURVIVOR I BEG YOU
So English is not my mother tongue but i understand it enough. And I am watching videos on my phone. And even though it's sound level is full i hardly understand your videos. I am no way an expert but i'd rather you do some tinkering over the sound system? Dodie's videos are kinda same too. But for example I don't have this problem with Jack's videos.
you've got so much presence on camera. it's almost like we're having an actual conversation. also i love how passionate you are about films and shows and how you analyse them so well.
Everyone should binge PrankMe. Just saying. I've watched it 3 times. I can't deal with how great it is okay
how to get away with murder is amazing!
i accidentally watched all of Glow in 1 afternoon/night
IVE SEEN THEM ALL!!!! \nWE are so ALIKe! <3<3
1 - It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia \n2 - Brooklyn 99\n3 - Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
I WISH people would stop using the word binge it is literally an eating disorder
Atypical. 8 episodes that will make you laugh and cry and everything in between. So amazing, and on Netflix! X
people need to watch please like me!!! it's one of my favourite comedy shows (w/ it's always sunny and the it crowd) and no one talks about it + when it does tackle darker subjects it's done so well. totally binge worthy
10/10 recommend watching You're The Worst!
A show I feel has not got enough attention is This Is Us, it’s just so beautiful and clever and heartwarming and sad (the second season just started but I’m waiting so that I can binge it all)
The Good Place\nSeriously. Kristen Bell plays Eleanor who has died and gone to The Good Place. Except, she's not actually a good person and it was a mistake. Hilarious show. Also, they can't swear in The Good Place, so holy forking shitballs there's a lot of good jokes
okay, i know it's pretty basic, but river dale is coming back soon and i would highly recommend watching it. the main character's plot line is basically the same as troy's from high school musical, but there's also *murder* lol
love... a show about people you don’t like... reminded me of mad men in that way
This show is quite old so you've probably already seen it but genuinely, the L word is SUCH A GOOD SHOW. the characters are so interesting and likeable but also so unlikeable at the same time and it does show the ups and downs of relationships as well and you see relationships that work so well fall apart and no so good ones work together and I could keep going on but I don't want this to be too long. But seriously would recommend
You should binge!  What does that mean in English?
I just love you. I know that you want to make high quality content but I'd be happy to listen to you talking about something as trivial as cat food for hours and hours! Please make more videos - on whatever you want to. 😄
Watch Fleabag. Hazel, if you don't absolutely adore it I will look for pigs flying in the sky.
I love schitts creek it has this amazing dry humor and the acting is brilliant \nhouse of cards...i just love house of cards the filming is great\nThe fall... is a darker show but I enjoy the way they let the viewer kind of feel what the characters are feeling with out tell you straight out
I don't really watch TV or shows in general but I catch up on Family Guy, The Simpsons and Rick & Morty sometimes (I love cartoons aha)
rick and morty isn't on netflix in canada ?????????? but it is in other countries??????????????
Alas Rick and Morty is not on Canadian Netflix
hazel have you seen quantum leap? it's probably about 30ish years old, has about 6 seasons. it's sic-fi, but it's so freaking interesting and has this insanely great concept where this physicist develops a time machine and instead of jumping back to his present day, something mystical/divine takes control of the machine and uses it to right the wrongs in the past. the physicist along with his holographic pal, helps him figure out how to set things right.  i really think you should check it out. it's emotional, hilarious and really really ahead of it's time in terms of racism and feminism. PLEASE CHECK IT OUT
I literally love you so much I can't even x
RIVERDALE ISNT ON THIS LIST,\nbut Rick and Morty is so I can forgive you.
if you liked rick and morty i think you would like bojack horseman!! it's in the same genre of cartoons for adults but it's a lot more emotionally mature and does some really interesting commentary on celebrity culture!\nalso, i know how you feel about getting sad when you finish binging a show. i'm procrastinating watching the last season of 30 rock because i don't want it to end :(
I feel cheated. I've binged and finished all three already!
rick and morty is absolutely the best animated show airing right now, clever, funny, and dark in ways you wouldn't even fucking imagine, the only one that can stand remotely close to its quality is bojack horseman for me. And if people don't know it, broadchurch is on netflix which didn't receive enough love in my opinion, cause it is really good.
I really love Him & Her, it's such a wonderful show, HIGHLY recommend
I really need to watch Rick and Morty! I know I'm very late to the party with this, but I just binge watched the first season of Fargo and wooowww it's good! Also everyone needs to watch the BBC miniseries adaptation of War and Peace currently on Netflix because its bloody amazing! It's beautifully shot, has perfect casting and does SUCH a good job of adapting the right parts of that behemoth of a book for tv.
Binge watched Parks and Rec and genuinely felt like crying at the end of it.
Nathan for you is easily the most underrated show on TV
Well, speaking of 80's nostalgia and smart shows then there's no better than Halt and Catch Fire. The whole show revolves around 3 main characters who are trying to make the first personal computer. Of course the story evolves and is way more complex but the whole thing takes place in the 80's and around coding and the personal computer revolution of the 80's. It also has some of the best character developments in any series I've ever watched. Very underrated show but believe me it's worth watching.
You talking about that specific episode of Rick and Morty is really interesting... My flatmate is trying to get me to watch that episode to get me to like it... Haven't yet. Might get around to it.
I binge watched the first 3 seasons of Brooklyn nine nine on Netflix and now I'm waiting for season 4 to come on Netflix which is taking so bloody long
Well I'd like to watch Rick and Morty but the episodes of the third season aren't on German Netflix yet and it annoys me so much!
I loved Glow and have just watched Rick and Morty as my son wanted us to watch it together. Binging series is my favourite thing to do. I'll give the other series a go to thanks. The Good place on Netflix was worth watching.
dammit HAZEEEELLLLLLL I'm a university student who is finding it extraordinarily difficult to not re-start her Netflix membership until after exams, and this is not helping!!! (but thanks for the recommendations - adding Love and GLW to my list of 'Things to Binge Over Summer')
The Ricklantis Mixup left me feeling like my soul had been torn apart, strange what a cartoon can do to you. Anyway, 3 shows you must watch: 3. Band of Brothers, 2. Freaks and Geeks, 1. Firefly
Buffy is my ultimate binge show. But Steven universe is great because it comes in short bursts, as well as adventure time, community, stranger things... I think the best shows to binge are the ones where you really invest in a world or characters and to have that flow makes it so fun
Yes so happy u like LOVE, it’s such an underrated tv show but isn’t cliche, it’s just realistic and funny, would recommend to anyone!
Omg Jack, Tim and Hazel all on the same Tuesday. Yes please. Also Rick and Morty. Yup yup yup mmm hot damn
Rick and Morty is like the adult version of Invader Zim.
The Good Life is the show I'm loving right now. I binged the first season in three days and cannot wait for the next episode!
Watch The Leftovers. \nAfter 2% of the population inexplicably vanishes, the human race has to figure out how to move on with the knowledge something happened, but there are no answers for it. It works in themes of faith and family and what matters in life when everything you know gets thrown out the window so beautifully, it brings forward a feeling I can barely describe. This show is not about getting answers, it's about dealing with life when you don't get answers. The cast is phenomenal - in particular the Carrie Coon as Nora Durst and Liv Tyler as Meg, and all of the women, to be honest. Yeah, actually this show has some F A N T A S T I C female characters, complex and sometimes shitty and sometimes badass and sometimes despicable. Also! Female director in Mimi Leder who basically leads the ship in terms of visuals. \nIt is hard stuff to digest at times, but there's moments of levity too (see: International Assassin and The Most Powerful Man in the World (And His Identical Twin Brother), two episodes that will have you crying with laughter and then weeping with how utterly emotional they are by the end). \nNow I'M gushing. Go watch the Leftovers. It's the best thing I've ever had the pleasure of watching. \n(If you like Rotten Tomatoes stats, 1st season got 81%, 2nd got 93%, and 3rd got 98%. I dunno 'bout you, but that's pretty compelling to me.)
Hazel shares my birthday and likes Rick and Morty! I LOVE MY YOUTUBE TWIN!
It’s not on Netflix but watch Tin Star. It’s amazing. And Flaked on Netflix is pretty good too..
I’ve been loving orange is the new black lately, and over the summer I binged gossip girl, which was amazing. Jane the virgin is good too!
Baskets is a good, dark and funny show if ya wanna check it out
This probably sounds a bit left field but I think you should watch the kdrama hello my twenties on Netflix. It's fun, has super interesting developed characters, gets surprisingly dark and doesn't shy away from the grit of real life. It's my #1 show of 2016.
love! omg i love it i remember when it came out its so good
I'd recommend Merlin, The Good Place, Scorpion, Brooklyn 99, Anne with an E, Jane the Virgin, Superstore is also ok, How to Get Away with Murder maybe
Homeland is perfect for binging but I take a hiatus and start a new show to try not to get upset. I also recommend Mad Men both superb shows
Black mirror. \nBojack Horseman \nAnd I just started this one but it seems to be promising, Disjointed. (I mean how can you go wrong with Kathy Bates?)
YO I literally finished GLOW today and I was like ‘hope it gets mention or I’m gonna flip’ it’s so so good!
Brooklyn nine nine. Hilarious (without being offensive) so much diversity and Andy Samberg. What more do you want? (Seasons 1-3 are on Netflix, 4 is online and 5 on tv right now)
American Vandel\n\nIt's honestly really good. It's very well directed the plot isn't predictable the characters are really fleshed out. I was super surprised when I fist watched it I got sucked in!
You should watch    freaks and geeks   &    that 70s show, they're just great shows based in the 70s with amazing humour
I really enjoyed 'crazy ex girlfriend'. Don't usually get into series on netflix as much as I did with that one!
I'm binging Black Sails atm, top show, seriously amazing 10/10 would recommend.
Schitts Creeeeeekkkkkkkkkkkk, it’s so funnyyy
bojaaaaaccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
People should binge  Youre the worst 
THE. OFFICE.
Bojack horseman, narcos, better call saul
Very autumnal 👌🏼
G L W O
Grey's Anatomy
BOJACK HORSEMAN, MAN
WATCH PLEASE LIKE ME
700th liker and nobody cares. #proudaf
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency!!! It's based on the Douglas Adams novel and is equally batshit tbh like I can't really explain it very well. Basically, imagine Sherlock Holmes, but he's fucking awful at his job. Like he doesn't know anything, ever (actual quote from the show). Toss in a corgi and a kitten as main characters along with some murder and various sci-fi shenanigans... trust me it's amazing
I wish people would stop saying binge-watching because so many people suffer with binge eating disorders and the word is associated with so much guilt and negativity and secrecy. Even though in the TV-watching context it's become more popularised it still has this subtext of doing something you shouldn't. And it often doesn't feel in a fun, naughty way but in an addictive and harmful way where you just can't stop. I wish more people said they marathoned a show or something instead, as watching a lot of TV isn't necessarily unhealthy, it's a huge part of a lot of our lives and a way we experience and share stories, so if we were more healthy in our language I think we would approach these activities in a more healthy way.
Black Mirror. I'm sure you've seen at least a few episodes. Would love to get your take on it esp. considering the tones and plots of Septem and PrankMe
You described Glow really well, and the way you put it really made me consider wanting to watch it even though I haven't before, so thank you!
everyone loves rick and morty and I couldn't even make it through the first half of the first episode cause I hated it so much asdfg I just don't get it
The description you gave of Love, reminds me of You're The Worst. Two people who are very cynical towards life and love, meet and start falling for each other, but they both make it very difficult for themselves. The characters are also unlikeable. I have screamed at the screen while watching this lol, but it's very intriguing.
Brother, I wish you achieve the success you deserve. You make really great music
I can relate so much. Both of my parents are so disconnected it just makes the rest of us feel that way too. I don't really consider them as my parents anymore but just as two more people in the house. I once wished we could fix our relationship like they did in the video but after years of mistreatment, I stopped caring. Sorry for the long comment, I'm a big fan of Jacob Banks. His songs and music videos are always on point, he deserves more recognition for the art he puts out.
I'm a simple guy, if i see a jacob video i like it
Still confused as to how you're not crazy popular!!!
I prefer the original way he performed this song..\nIt had more emotional depth and displayed his vocal range
damn this song fuck me up
The power of your voice and your song sustain so many people!
the intro sounds a bit like roads untraveled. Still amazing song though.
Such a powerful voice
So much to take in with this song. So talented
this gotta b one of the best random clicks i've eva made. u gr8 sir
U got a music video that u wearing a white t-shirt in
This brother is more profound than life itself.his music makes me urge of having a course in life
Love me some chess!  The game that bonds us!?!
That chello ❤️
So beautiful, the song and the video really compliment each other
Damn he's good wasn't expecting that
I can’t wait for his beautiful music to start blowing up everywhere.. both his voice and his lyrics are out of this world 😭❤️
Keep doing what you are doing Jacob Banks. Great song.
Been a long time fan of him and even I was not prepared for the emotion on display here. His voice is unreal, his lyrics are surreal, he embodies soul.
Such a great voice and well deserved of a feature in our Spotify Playlist!!! https://open.spotify.com/user/thekingsparade/playlist/3gqsk54XkLaySwNvJyXhDG
This is waaaaaaaaaaay to good! music, voice... and damn!... the feeling! This is  A M A Z I N G!
LOVE YOUR MASTERPIECE BRUV... I'LL LISTEN TO YOUR MUSIC TILL I DIE.
i am from ALGERIA  and to be honest guys. this song is liiiiit
I am so in love with this my views are probably gonna take it to the millions
This is relates between me and my mother. Mom I knew you’re love a younger one more than me and everyone in a village knew it. Even dad had to asked me “can you love your mother more than you love me?” But Mom, I do loves you a lot only all I need is can you loves me likes you loves my sister?
I love you my brother,  very unique voice  an original
I love this song. It speaks to the depths of my soul. And this video resonates deeply.
WHAT A GORGEOUS SONG.  BRAVO!!!!!!!    I'M FULL CAPS!!!!!!!
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
Such pure and beautiful talent❤️ I love this so much
Most fools don't care about this type of music unless there's twerking, guns, and drugs being used! Me I love it and live for it! Thank Jacob &  your Team!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤!!!!! Omg! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤  .  THE artist in you, wow, is amazing!!
This is pure art really!!
Jacobs ...I wonder how you do it... you so good.
I don't know why. But I cried
Jacob banks in one word underrated
This made me cry . I'm your biggest fan
Seems like the internet has been scrubbed of the OG video. I wonder why?
You listen to the song and you’re like “Damn this is deep!”. And then you see the video...
Liked before even the video started
how is this not a hit?
Hope you one day come to Australia one day mate! I'd be keeeeen
This video makes it 10x more emotional for me..
Your productions are always so different and powerful. I love it. Keep it up!
Amazing !!! Made me tear up a bit ♥️
What happened to his old music video for this song??
Uruguay present bro the best men
I'm so ready for Jacob Banks to get huge. He is amazing... So much emotion in your singing. I love it.
This is so beautiful and soulful. You have a new subscriber and fan. Keep it up.
You deserve to be on top. You're the definition of black exellence
Great song and story
How have I never heard of this beautiful black man before. This was pure magic <3
I love soul music, thanks a lot 🙏🏾 ! Good and great music ! God bless you and good luck 🍀👍🏽
Great video as always dude, hoping to see you in the Sugar Club in Dublin in December. Judging by your Mahogany sessions videos it's gonna be fun!!!
His songs always have such deep meanings. He puts so much emotion into every song❤
I’ll get married to him or someone similar to him I promise 🙌🏾
When you hear the same person singing the same lyrics twice thinking he put his soul on it both times, this same person comes and does this.... Masterpiece Mr Jacob Banks, Masterpiece...
Can't wait to see you in Amsterdam!
I already really loved the live version of this song on mahogany session a while ago but the clip makes everything even more moving! \nYou're just so good at what you do! You're a real artist ! 🙌🏻
Damn he have so much soul in his Voice
GREAT SONG!!! AMAZING AS ALWAYS...
My go to as I log into YouTube
Love this song 😩😩😩 why am I now just finding out about you!
Omg the moment he started singing I got goosebumps. Amazing 👌🏽
the energy in his voice is....breathtaking
Perfect as alway... I'd already fall in love with this new version, but now, it's been confirm!! Thanks Mr. Banks for making masterpiece like this. \nWith love form France 😚
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ promises all who believe in Him eternal life.*\n*He died for us rose from the dead, and Now He lives forever!*\n*He will also heal your body!*
Wow! ❤
Cadê os BR!??? Brasil precisa ouvir isso!!!!
just WOW
Beyond powerful!
beautiful
Best song ever
SOULFUL!!! Hope you prosper and blessings
😍😍
<3
Merde c'est quoi ce Bordel ! \nC'est qui ce gars! C'est quoi cette voix de fou!\nU will not stay unknown longtime!!
👍
Just beautiful 👏🏾🙌🏾🔥😍😘
Awesome voice
Heartwrenching
That was beautiful...
Like from Uzbekistan
Сложно
Awesome voice
Greatness
wow
Beautiful Song, Beautiful Sound, Beautiful Video!
Perfection !!
Still waiting for some Merch😅
Cried my ears out
Yessss 😭💕💕
great piece
Brazil
SUPER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dude soooo good. You are amazing!
Oh Jacob! Oh beautiful Jacob 😩😍
Pure good music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW5T4U7Wn00\nChoice ft bk - inabaláveis
What's the difference between Wayne Robert LaPierre NRA & a drug kingpin?. ITS NOT PERSONAL , ITS JUST BUSINESS.
Wow so deep it's black. So profound it's silence.
Someone’s getting fired today.
Best news in whole fucking history
Since the makers of this video who paid YouTube to get on the trending page won't tell you, I will. Gun stocks rise because people are motivated to buy guns after a mass shooting. Part of what motivates them to do this is the desire to protect themselves from a perceived danger. The other part of this is that people know that politicians will use this even to try and restrict access to guns so it makes people think they'd better buy now before they lose the opportunity. Naturally, when sales go up, the companies do better. When the companies do better, their stock rises because more people see it as a good investment.
Interesting theory. Big if true
Love dumb idiots who dont get it lol. THERES NO GOOD REASON PEOPLE, jesus how can cnn fucking spell it out for you....
Unbiased news source, my ass. How about the fact that shootings remind people of the right to self preservation?
I've been waiting for something like this to happen
So Paul Monica at cnn is why gun stocks go up? Get your shit together! This is trending?
People boy guns too protect themselves in a similar situation is the answer
Cause it proves the effectiveness
*black screen*\n\n\n*not available in restricted mode*
I bought a machine gun over the counter for like $20 yesterday. Clerk was too busy to do the paperwork, and was like, meh, you're white, go ahead. Thank God for muh white privilege.
Why the fuck is this on trending?
Haha you stupid idiots. they don't even know what their talking about
What did I just watch for a good 10 seconds?
Fuck was this video for?
I'll answer the question.\n\nBecause asshats like CNN start beating the BAN ALL GUNS drum.\n\nSo me and everyone else starts buying more guns in case that becomes reality.
Thats that fake news shit right there
Probably the most useful video ever posted by CNN
Well...it’s not fake news at least
proof that the trending page is rigged
What the fuck is this and how is it #32 on trending? Never trusting trending page again.
Still doing your research off 4chan buzzfeed? Oh wait this is CNN
So this is on trending... but the Content Cop on Rice Gum isn't?
This really change my point of view on guns
This was emotional. You could hear Paul R. La Monica's voice breaking as he explains this... R.I.P Vegas
Not even a link to an article or anything?
if this isn't evidence of favoritism in trending IDK what is.
What cnn couldn't come up with any bullshit lie for a change?\nBottom line is cnn is full of shit all the way from the owners to the talking heads to the viewers.
I feel like everyone who clicked this is now on a list.
FAKE NEWS!! THEYRE BETTER AT CLICKBAIT THEN JAKE PAUL AND LANCE STEWART
Well that was enlightening.
all cnns news should be like this
This is some next level classified information
Seems like another rock solid example of CNN journalism.
I love it! This is the best peaceful unbiased video ever in years! ....Well that Corrupt News Network has made anyways. Congratulations, maybe y'all are getting back on track to True News.  (Highly Unlikely)
It's not rocket science why, Bill Nye. Damn
CNN is  FAKE NEWS,  we need to STOP watching  this LIBERAL AGENDA ,BRAINWASHING  CRAP!!!👺👹👺👹👺👹👺👹👺
so YouTube just saw how glorious this video was and it's only number 30 on trending? should be first, trending is rigged
I'll be goddamned. So, George W. Bush DID do 9/11.
I had no idea!
CNN finally understood that's sometimes its better not to say anything than bullshiting
shocking and revealing content from the Clinton news network. Sure wonder why it is in trending and not IDubbbz new video. Susan you have some splaining.
Gotta trick the youtuber viewers an program CNN into there minds subliminaly to get people to watch them again RIGHT BABE?
Thank you so much cnn, for I have been enlightened
Ooooh! That’s why?! Cool. Very informative. \nTrump is not going to like what you showed at 0:04 and 0:06\n\n#CNNisTHEbest
Nice one... will someone please fire Susan?
Who the fuck liked this video!?
This is a top 30 anime betrayal.
....Interesting.
Gun control worked out great for the American Indians, don't you think? Just lay down your weapons and we'll take care of you! We are the federal government and we are here to help.
A more accurate title would be “a complete list of stories that cnn has not lied and or was extremely biased about”
Shit report this shit under missleading fuck this channel and video
10 seconds of silence, no video?  Some1 lose the DVD ?
CNN literally puts up a video of nothing and its trending... yea there is no bias on trending videos
The reason is that people want to protect themselves from attacks.
Democrats are gonna lose big league in 2018 and 2020.
Great clip, I am sure liberals got allot of facts from it.
How about because people are afraid that their guns will be taken away so they buy alot before they can be taken away from gun stores.
what the hell even is this? lol, and people say the trending page isn't hand-picked by youtube staff. this is proof, because if it was based on shares like some people say it is, then who the hell would be sharing this
This is trending but idubbz isn't???
What the fuck is wrong with the YouTube trending algorithm?!
The first 10 seconds was my favorite part.
Some cracked at CNN thought it was a good idea to upload this....
So this is on trending? Thanks  JEWTUBE
Thank you CNN for this insightful commentary on gun control. Obviously we should be spending 10 seconds of our life on fake news, instead of a video that you could've made titled Oh shit, Shooting occured, plz help those in need.\n\nI'm quite curious as to why your video editor didn't actually make a video, I literally could've made this video in 10 seconds exactly. In fact, these are the types of videos that make regular YouTube viewers think that YouTuber's jobs are easy, because let's be honest here - they think that our 20 minute videos only took 20 minutes to make. Instead, they usually take much longer. \n\nEither way, thanks for this beautiful like to dislike ratio. The fact t hat this is trending obviously means that you paid someone, hence your name - CNNMoney. Anyways, thanks for reading, catch you on the flipside, now I'm going back to watch Fox.
Wow, 10sec...😂
So FAKE
CNN wtf is this?
Once again, fake news..
Thank you.
Trash cnn with trash politics
10 seconds long and trending
😂 YouTube messed this one up for trending
Go home CNN you’re drunk 😵
Fake news
CNN IS ISIS
so CNN, fake news much?
Report this crap
Wtf happened here.... DUH!!
Dope shit CNN
I mean I guess
Really nigga? 10 seconds of nothing
Brilliant.
Worst 10 seconds ever.
America!
So butt hurt haha
Wow censorship much
Trending ? Wtf?  I even put out better content !
More original content than pewdiepie
CNN= fake news
CNN HAS NOTHING TO SAY.
Bad day?
fake news
suicide lockheed martin
Fake news
C'mon guys...
...because people think arms will be taken away by the government after a mass shooting
I loved your white shirt hun 😍💝
I’m in love. Please, I need more of this in my life <3
The way he just casually slips in his sponsorship lol
where can you find trousers for males?
HOW THE FASHION GUY WHO IS
im so god damn in love with you! I hope i can meet you! You are so amazing!
Its been like FIVE FREAKING YEARS BOO
I love your style ❤️
0:35\nOk so is this connor running away to London again likes he talks about in his book\nCONSPIRACY BABY
WHAT THE FUCK THE EDITING WOW
AHHH I LOVE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH YOU ARE SO FUCKING CUTE THAT SELF HIGH FIVE AWWW
this video is everything i’ve been wanting
Love love love. Make more lookbooks ASAP, please and thx :)
You are amazing and I love you
ruined it with the leather :/
why are millenials styled like what they didn´t grow up with
Same! I always have to roll up my pants otherwise i feel too hot and stuffy
u literally makes we wanna change everything into yellow or orange 😂😂 I LOVE U SO MUCH U ARE SO AESTHETIC I LOVE IT OMG 😭😭
Don't know why I never subscribed to anyone, but this is special. Cheers for convincing me to subscribe to my first channel! Love you!
i love you like i love autumn
i was thinking like oh a sponsor it will be good but,, but DAMN
you posted this on my birthday so i must thank you for this wonderful gist
How many times can I say 'look'? Reminded me of Dodie's glasses makeup tutorial 😂
IS HE STILL HERE IN LONDON!!!!!!I NEED TO FIND YOUUUUU😂😂😂
@ConnorFranta didnt know that you actually participated the YTFF2016 in Manila. I was shocked AF. Will you be able to go for 2018YTFFinManila?
you looking fly as hell
How much was the Calvin Klein jumper thing ?
Ive never been into fashion. I only wear graphic tees, skinny jeans, and converse. But connor made me really inspired for masc/androgynous fashion and I love it.
The Dark but faded Sepia or whatever that lighting/color grading is, is fucking amazing.
Your style is amazing❤
i love the fact that connor invented the aesthetics and being aesthetic
You have a perfect style! I need more this videos, because is so cool!
WHY ARE YOU SO PERFECT I'VE BEEN FUCKING INSPIRED
All these looks look amazing on you, i wish i had the style you have ♡
Love your style , Love your voice , Love your chracter , Love your everything. Love you connor✨
someone help me find a boyfriend who's this fashionable
MY FAVORITE BOIIII ♡ (dont tell J***k*** that I said this) YOU ARE SO CUTE!
I have 1 pair of shoes and they are reebok white sneakers. I love them to death!
im in love with Connor! i want my guy friends to dress as well as he does.
I just felt like this was sponsored by rebok
DO MORE I LOVE THIS
Look number 3 is a pass. If I had to grade it on a scale of 1 being the lowest to 10 being the highest, I would give it a 3. Again not a fan of those shoes and that sweater is not really that cute. I think had you gone with a white tee shirt and another style reebok shoe I could have given you a higher score
That leather with the sweater 😍
I LOVE THIS. The whole vid is so well thought out and aesthetically pleasing!!
I remember I was literally one of the first people to watch Connor now I never watch him lol.
When you live in Canada and would freeze your ankles if you rolled your jeans
Why are u so fucking cute?
Congrats buddy. You're still working hard to reach the top. However I'm still waiting for my signed book... It's been over 5 months since the UW meet and greet. Thanks dude. Cheers from Seattle
EDITING ON POINT\n\nUr killing it connor
His style is literally my inspiration
How is your library soo color coordinated??? Im so jealous
you're such a bean ily
I really do love you
if i was a man, this is what would inspire my life
LOOK AT YOU GO
Someone should make a meme of that clap and 'go me' I would use it all the time😂😍
I struggle so much trying to find a balance between streetwear and dress up, like I love being very put together but also comfy, something between Gabrielle Chanel and Kurt Cobain. Also minimalism and boldness. Alessandro Michele got me so good for this season and the next one. Ugh. Anthony Vaccarello and Lorenzo Serafini were SOOO good. Ugh.
You look sassy sweetheart. Love ya and love your style. I love autumn. It brings out a great feeling of love and romance. It changes me more inside than any other season. And love buying new clothes. Take care.
Take a shot every time he says look
CONNOR PLEASE COME TO PENNSYLVANIA <3333333333333333333333
Since you are in London can you do like maybe a Halloween colab with dan and phil
0:45 the most aggressive ive seen connor be
I want that orange sweater really badly
that yellow sweater is $775 um what
I don't want to those kind of video from you about fashion to end . 💕
Last look went from daddy to smol bean when u took the leather jacket off
YOUR YELLOW SWEATER IS $775 WHAT THE FUCK HONEY
I JUST BOUGHT A PAIR OF REEBOK CLASSICS LAST WEEK I FEEL SO COOL YAY
3:31 CUTE!😍
cutie patootie
Love this video
yes ma'am
QueEN
PAYAMANNNNNN
o my god connie, so cute so pretty ugh
I LOVE YOU
YES CON BABY YESYESYESYES
im having my SAT day after tommorow 😭😭😭
Love Connors style period
The last outfit😍❤️
PLEASE DO MORE DODIE COLLABS
asthetic king
I LOVE IT
awe i adore you con!
honestly, slay me
you're so stylish wtff
Fuck yea
ily
This is Great!
my lil baby
i’m stealing all your looks omg😮ILYYYY
*aesthetic* wow
Love youuuuu
I love when you do hauls and lookbooks! you should definitely do more:)
Te re amo Connor aunque no se que dices :'(
what a legend
Omg the colors. Shhhh. Just. *Colors.*
QUE BELLEZA HPT TE AMO DEMASIADOOOOOO
ㅠㅠㅜㅠㅠㅠㅠ누뉴뉴뉴ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ코너ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ넘사랑스럽구 진짜ㅠㅠㅠ넘사랑해ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
No one gives two shits
Nick! You didn’t cut open the cupcake ☹️
You didn't cut it open!
I wish we could call this real astronaut food 👩‍🚀
No cut scene?
Nick you didn't give us the cutting shot!
Activated charcoal could be dangerous for people who take medication as it rids the body of unwanted substances. Other than that your cupcake is AMAZING!!
**eats the screen**
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
you are so creative
Kys
I love how he says hoi goys😂❤
I just found this channel and I'm So Glad I did! LOVE the videos and cupcakes!♥️
Great video Nick! How about making a banoffee cupcake or banoffee macarons?😍
Nick can you pretty please create a TIM TAM Cupcake ?? \nThumbs up peeps if you want one too so nick here can get alerts hehehe ♥️
Hi Nick! Have been following you for quite a while now and I just wanted to let you know that your cupcakes creation are AMAZING!! Love it so so much :D
Make this into a cake!!
Can you do a tiered vanilla bean cake with vanilla bean fondant🙏🙏🙏 I kinda really love vanilla 🤤
Why didn’t you cut it!? 😩😂
Ive got to say this is my fave cupcake yet.
Never thought of edible charcoal powder before! Always struggle so much trying to get black icing haha! Thank you! 😘
I like to use half plain flour and cake flour will this make a difference if I do this as well following your recipe measurements
Amazing content
I want Miranda sings inspired cupcake so baddddddddd
We need a huge cake version of this!!
Hi Nick! \nReally love your channel and look forward to your new videos every week :D\nYou totally inspire me ;)\nPlease can you create a Scran Line version of gingerbread man cookies or cupcakes for fall :D\nLots of Love from South Africa <3 <3 <3
Real talk, do galaxies even have a midnight? I’d guess no.
This would be great as a cake
Oh sweet Jesus I just jizzed in my pants. These look ahhhhmazing!
Does it taste different with the charcoal?
omg adore the colours in this one... I am a huge galaxy colour/design fan... might be making something like this for my upcoming sister in laws baby shower now... but suprise inside instead of galaxy sprinkle, like a little fake baby
if you arent making abit of a mess are you even doing it right
How long does it take you to go through a bottle of vanilla extract?
when he said space cowboy, did anyone else think of Cowboy Bebop?
Why is everything you make so gorgeous, whenever I go to your channel it inspires me to create! You are best cinnamon bun😋
I have a question about the brand of lustre dust you use.\n\nI find the ones you get straight from the super market very gritty and doesn't produce the shimmer that you have with the one you use. I've gone to a couple of kitchenware shops that sell some decorating stuff like food colours and sprinkles but they are the same ones I find in the supermarket. your lustre dust also seems to form a really opaque solution when you mix it with the vodka and doesn't clump up so I've been look but can't find any that doesn't clump! :(
How does he make this look so easy >.<
i swear your cupcakes are always the best!!
You didn't cut it in half 😩
He didn't cut it in half and that stresses me out.
This video is so different!!!
The background music reminds me of the Sims music 😂 and a little bit of Animal crossing in it hahah
My favorite part is when he scraps down the bowl. So clean. So swift
Thats like the most beautiful cupcake ever!
Why isn't this on trending
Aww. You didn't say, Let's get stuck into the recipe. 😞
Now see this is a pretty cupcake. Dark yet sweet like my soul lol
If only I had a cupcake to eat like that one right now very yummy as always Ñick 😊
please put subtitles in Spanish because I do not understand English, I write or this by the Google Translator please would be very grateful !!!!
These are Out of this world  🤣😆😗😍😉
You deserve so many more subscribers!😭❤️
Nick! How do u not have at least 1 million subs?!
I need a cutting scene 😭😭😭 This is so gorgeous! 🌌
I made it 999 likes who will get it to 1,000???
Hey Nick, I really appreciate your effort into making beautiful cupcakes and macarons, but can you please do more cake videos too? I love your decorating techniques, I would love to see. Them even on cakes. Love you loads!❤️
You should make a galaxy cake
Does the charcoal have a funny taste? Food coloring always adds a metallic flavor....
This is such a gorgeous cupcakes. I'm in love with this beauty
The cupcake is so gorgeous, I wonder if I can make similar cake like that
I can only imagine what your mouth looks like after you eat them.
Hey nick! 😁 what kind of camera do you use?
I could've sworn I've seen this before... Am I crazy? Maybe you just did something really similar... Amazing look regardless.
I love the charcoal idea, but does it leaves an after taste like food coloring does?
Very very cool!! You're awesome Nick👌🏼☺️
So elegant, and boysenberry sounds delicious!
...I... I don't know what boysenberries are...
He should open up a bakery 😊 like if u agree
gorgeous ！！！
You didn't cut it xC
I wouldn't eat this much food coloring, but I love watching colorful food videos.
Wow,Love,love, lovvvveeee. Not sure my taste buds could take the explosion of all the icing though....my girls though😆
Nice art work.
YOU DIDNT CUT IT 😭
Absolutely beautiful!!!! They look mesmerizing.
I LOVE this cupcake!!!♡♡♡
Amazing! Love the frosting idea!
Wow u make beautiful cupcakes!!!!
I love you😍
Beatiful !🖤💙💜
beautiful!
En español 😭😭😭
These cupcakes are super gorgeous! ❤
that's pretty
Anyone making this ?
Incredible as usual
love those friendly vibes 💕⭐️
You are amazing !!
Cake it! Cake it! Cake it! Cake it!
That piping tip is my FAVEEE
Wow, this is amazing.
Amazing
Wow prefect Chef
cupcake so beautiful and pretty😍😍😍😍😍❤❤
See you space cowboy...
Me encanto este video y el cupcake
Can you do Christmas cakes/cupcakes please cause I would like to practise before Christmas and this was amaizkng btw💜💜💜💙💙💙🖤🖤🖤
Was that boison berry or poison berry escence????? \nBtw I love all your cakes there so gorgeous
Uhh, a space cowboy is someone who is constantly high. It reminds me, I live in Germany and there is an ice cream parlour here called Ice Dealer. Just, no. *Shakes head* ...Unless of course that's some sort of special oil you are using...
Is the boysenberry essence optional ? Could I just use vanilla instead ? :)
Awesome cake! You mentioned in the recipe in the description to use your meringue buttercream recipe for the frosting. Do you have that somewhere?
Where do you get your food safe Charcoal, Amazon?? Ive never used it before, does it have a taste or change the flavor?
all her videos are so aesthetically pleasing omg. they make you feel so cozy haha.
The biggest mystery of the year, was it an owl or a pigeon ? 😂❤️
What’s that noise in the background?? Is it the camera moving or the microphone moving or something??
the camera noises while focusing drive me crazy
wow those orange pants look so lovely on you
Who else agrees Zoe should do best friend (mark) boys my outfits like if you agree so Zoe can see this ❤️
Who else feels like Zoë can rock any outfit 😍
I wish Florida actually got cold! All those sweaters r so cute!
Is it just me or does Zoe's makeup look soooo pretty today?
Which I thought looks like some sort of abstract wasp 😂😂😂
The pink fluffy coat looked amazing on you Zoe😍🍂😍
*buys a heck more jumpers I don't need but want so bad*
Immm loovvving the autumnal videos!!!🎃🍁🍂
I just remembered that one Primark haul that you did forever ago where you talked about those black disco pants you'd always get and how you can't even imagine yourself in jeans. It's just amazing how much you've grown and how amazing your style has gotten! x
i literally wanted every single chunky sweater they’re so beautiful 😭😭😭
Zoe you're looking gorgeous in this video 😍
Love your World so much and need it so bad during This time of year
Your hauls are my most absolute favorite videos to watch
What is your lipstick?! It's beautiful :)
Zoeee I think you look so good in those orange trousers and they just SCREAM autumn!!! Love you
OH MY GOD ZOELLA YOU HAVE THE ELLIE GOULDING BRACELET that's supporting the help for our environment
I think keepers are the second red sweater (pull & bear), the leopard print sweater and the orange trousers :)
Well done for hitting 12 million subscribers!! So proud of you. All the clothing looks amazing, so excited for autumn! CAN'T WAIT FOR HELLO WOULD🍁❤🎉😍
I love the orange trousers
OMG this video is the best need to go shopping now😍
Oh my God I love your lipstick
Thank you for the love
YES, Zoe! You're making me excited about fall.
You make me so excited about autumn 😍
love everything except maybe the knitted klots and the pink boxy jacket x gorgouse as ever love you
Please do a Primark haul I miss them
Shearling is the word you're looking for!
I now wanna go on a shopping spree :(( Loved the video, Z 💖
Love your style so much! Everything was so cute😍❤
I love when you do clothing hauls and I especially love when you do try ons in the video! Thanks for making my day better :)
Amazing love everything x P. S I love you xxxxxxxxxxxx❤
Did i miss her show the jumper she is wearing through out the video in the try on style clips??? Really love the look of it would love to see it styled X
I wish I lived in cold weather so I had an excuse to buy this many jumpers!
I love the bright yellow one! It’s adorable
You and mark should choose eachothers outfit 😂😍❤💙
Love the hi bye sweater and the sweater with roses.
Can you do more of these videos??? I love them.
By the way Zoe (if you see this comment) love the earrings  💖💖💖💖💖
Any small YouTubers want to be friends ? 💖
I wish the curtain lights in the background were still being soled
Omg Zoe you look goals in everything and your figure is stunning xxxx love you loads and I love Alfie too xxxxxxxxxx
I love the thumbnail! Zoe u top every video 💜
Obsessed with this girl 😍💖
Zoes style is my favorite I want clothes like here's when I'm older!❤️🍂🦉✨🌻🍁❤️
I don't think I'm a fan of the frilly trousers thing 🤔 I love the orange trousers though xx
love you so much
You looked really tall in this video 💜😂can't wait to see you at helloworld
I loved all the jumpers and I want to buy them all but they would look horrible on me
Please keep all the red jumpers ❤ they are so flattering and pretty 😻😻
Oooh I do love a good ruddy clothing haul! Xxx
That fur effect I think is called shearling. I got a new leather jacket with a collar like that on it
The orange trousers look amazing on youuu!!! ❤️
WEAR WISH OUTFITS FOR A WHOLE WEEK PLEASEEEE. It would be hilarous
The pom-pom earrings are so cute 😍
Congrats on 12M sorry I'm late!♥♥♥♥
Oh my gosh half the haul were different sweaters but I loved it
The background looks like her old spare room in her old house
Im just watching this feeling sorry for myself because i want all of those clothes but im broke😂😂😅😅
Zoe is just so gorgeous <3
3:24 huge little eyelets😂
I❤YOU
6:04 body goals ❤️
My favorite video ever 💕
😍😍x
love the gray jumper!
YOU EARINGS, vibing with ittt
Congratulations on 12 million! Woo Hoo!
I really love your cute earrings!! 💓
i LIVE for clothe hauls
Lllooovvveee❤️😍🌏
*houndstooth haha
was waiting for thissss
Zoe u r soo pretty
7:26 had me roaring with laughter !!
OMG CONGRATS ON 12 MILLION SUBS😍💗😭Xx
LOVE your earrings
Sugg Sunday Specials are the oneee😘
I love your earrings! 🍂🍂
Awwww there is a owl in the tree ...............................wait is it a pigeon 😂😂😂😂😂      -------- Zoella 2017 💗💗💗
you sould do more vids like this;)
The thumbnail so not Zoe, but I absolutely LOVE IT! x
Is it me or can anyone else hear a frog coroking???
I just went to Vere-moda today was amazing
Yes Zoe I like  all of them except the navy pattern flowers jumper 💞 you look so beautiful in all of them maşallah 😍😍💞💞🙈🙌🏻🔥we love you so much as well z xx
Zoe’s fashion sense is literally my favourite thing ever! X
Best line up, autumn leaves and coffee ☕️,Halloween🎃 , (my birthday) and for brits guy Fawkes 💥 and then December is self explanatory🎄
I must say your makeup is on fleeeekkkk
You looked soo sad when you said is that a pigean
When you want to dress like Zoe but probably wouldn't pull off the things she wears as good as she does lmao 😂😂😂
any small youtubers down to support each other 🌸🌸
Your earrings are adorable ❤️
Primark dose a teddy bear coat
Yas Zoe
Early!
I ly Zoe 💓💓💓💓
Smells like a false flag.
I feel so very Bad for each & Every one of you! That ‹›”A’’hole  will be in death row Getting Shanked before you even get to hell I was going to the concert [ Thank God I did’ent go] His Family should pay for all what that Creep did (your going to HELL in the Bowles of Hell “GGRRRRR”)
We really believe everything we see on tv
This is a non-stop civil war in the United States of Morons (Tillerson said something on morons)
it's amazing: in this day and age there´s never a clear picture or film of anything; don´t know why people buy so expensive stuff.
America should ban gun's
AMERICA FUCK YEH\nTHE LAND OF THE FREE
At least 30 rounds or more she said, that statement is retarded lol
The man was a leftist terrorist, who was inspired by the Alt lefts bigoted fascist ideology, and if it wasnt for obama and the likes of hillarys hate speaches then this would never of happened. Shame on you!
You will not believe this child's wish before he  is executed to  death…:\nhttp://cut-urls.io/RT51F55
The creators are beginning to demo again and they want us to know but the man is distracting us
See there's a lot of arguments about gun control etc. But I just look at the facts, why is it every other modern civilized society does not have these problems like the US does? We have mass shootings yearly now. Do not tell me more guns will solve everything because in this country getting a gun is easy and so far, that hasn't done a thing.
State-sponsored terror to get the guns
A bunch of racist country people that hate hispnaics browns muslims etc
My prayers go out to Vegas
Why is this guy not being called a terrorist  now?
United States of Idiots! How's that second amendment bullshit working out for you?
Why is it okay for a civilian to have an automatic gun??
If you wanna become a american citizen, you will be ready to get shot. I'm lucky because i'm not one.
I saw the broken window
I feel sorry for these people...but this is one attack . People more than that are killed daily in burma and kashmir....why there is so much difference...a man killed in usa and killed in kasmhir are equal...so why whole world is not doing something for kashmiries and burmese people....
I feel so bad for why don't we they were on lockdown😭
I mean, I know country music is bad. But there's no need for this kind of behaviour.
but the mexicans are criminals? hahaha so whats that republicans?
Can Trump just not let Americans in America? They're far too dangerous.
I hope the shooter is injured and disabled in prison and dies of a brain aneurism when he is let out so he finally sees the light of freedom once again only to have it ripped away
Guy is just walking like,  why is everyone running and falling to the ground? 
Yet another inside job, lol that’s even faker than 9/11
WHERE WAS SUPERMAN?  PROBABLY CLARK KENT WAS BANGING LOUIS WHEN THIS WAS GOING ON.
If he christian, he would be called atheism and politics aim. \nIf he muslim, he would be called terrorist. \nUSA logic!
CIA false flag to take away guns ........ oh and go to hell trolls.
Since he was white everything is fishy and conspiracy but if a person of color he is a terrorist good job America
Here's a tip, Stop going to events.
You guys will blame Muslims for it soon .
People mowed down by a leftist while chanting “god bless America”. Seems like liberals got an early Christmas present.
Who takes the professional pictures of these people and why?
 At lest two have been killed...
Neighbor of 8 months said Paddock was a Trump supporter but also believes it's a setup since Paddock was a really nice guy and couldn't believe he'd turn out to be a monster.
#babyblackjesus
Man smh wats wrong with white people
What's sad is that people are saying the Attack didn't happen and it's a hoax by the Government.
Shooter was a left winger antifa fuck going after conservative whites
My heart goes out to all that at are dead/injured stay safe and fuck these people that do this #prayforvegas
A bump stock is not necessary to make a semi-automatic AR-15 or AK-47 fire as a full automatic.  By pushing forward on the handguard while holding the rifle loosely and keeping your finger on the trigger without using the grip when the rifle recoils while being pushed forward it will bump the trigger finger repeatedly and keep firing. It mimics a bump stock.  It's a waist of ammunition that has no sporting purpose.
This is America, people ask for so much freedom, free This free That, and the government even worry about another country never have enough human right, American now have so much human right, the right to Kill the right to express yourself, this is the true freedom of America, where average citizen has no right to enjoy their life.
God bless this world this man is disgusting I know many people who were there I know few that died and I am heartbroken someone would do this it's disgusting #weareallone
Two days ago I posted cruel and disparaging comments ( that I've since deleted)  about this incident that I now regret.. what swayed my change of heart..    is that today,  i saw a collage of all the victims murdered by this maniac...all the young people who lost their lives.... at least 30 of the  victims were in their 20s ...absolutely heartbreaking... this shit most certainly was not funny.. and God help me ...I never should have made lite of it ....  I am so so sorry ... now what I would like to say  instead of the crew evil shit  I said previously.....is  that my heart goes out to all the families who lost someone in this tragedy and \n I don't care what race they  are/were...\n this was some fucked up shit..and  the  differences that we all have with each other are  irrelevant right now... As  for me this puts everything in perspective. ....Black versus white... Republican vs Democrat... kneelers versus non kneelers \n.its all bullshit....lives were lost ..innocent young promising lives.... who gives uh fuck who the President is... \n  If he or she can't even keep us safe in our own country whats the point and no I'm not blaming Donald' Trump or anyone for this.... nobody could have prevented this, just like those hurricanes.... now I'm not going to be phony and say we should all love one another... because despite this \ntragedy.  that's probably not going to happen... but what I will say to everybody is please be safe.... no matter what... we're all Americans.. and I for one don't want to see anybody hurt, and I definitely don't want to see anybody die.... God bless \n Love America... and all its citizens
There are now 59 confirmed dead, over 500 wounded, many are in critical condition.
People ask your self this question. Why would a man of this statue do something like this? Doesn't make any sense !!! Just like his brother is mystified just like I am
No one screams from being hit? No blood? No pictures or videos of people shot? 22k people w/cell phones?
Is beautifull, so many Rich and happy fmilly Ruin their live.
Fake news
I'm betting right now that there will be a movie made about this, and it will star Mark Wahlberg
There no gun fire in China. only use knife to kill . more bloody…  Sorry about las Vegas . Horrible
I was at las vegas 3 weeks ago.
a Casino.. of Gambeling.. in USA 20 Trillion Dollar Debt.. bothersome
Politics is social. Change has to be individual. Politics don't really exist except that fools buy into it. Like putting a game in front of people you know will fight over it. \n\nGreetings everyone! I'm trying to start a music video channel here on YouTube but it's difficult to get seen. \n\nThe music is instrumental and may fall under categories ranging from mellow to rock to hip hop - but mostly a unique combination of them all. The videos are original and usually random - whatever comes to mind in the moment. \n\nI'm new to both video and music production so I will gladly acknowledge input from anybody willing to offer it. If you have the time, click my icon and let me know what you think. Thank you in advance, it's much appreciated!
To liberals down is up and if you follow that belief system to its logical end you end up in hell.
Everyone who makes it about race; you're justifying every time some criminal who is black shoots up a home in a drive by, someone else making it a racial issue rather than a criminal one.
*If you watch carefully a video posted by someone on YouTube, you can see what appear to be muzzle flashes coming from the second floor as well:* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ihkw_VFDzxo&t=0s
So trump can go to las Vegas but not to MX or PR Wtf dude PR is in a critical condition rn
My heart goes out to victims and families! RIP! This is disgraceful! All hotels need X-RAY software even hidden to sound silent alarms when someone walks inside with all these rifles. This can happen again if they dont prevent this using X-RAY silent mode software and agents.
Every country has got nut jobs. That's nothing special, it's all about access. When someone looses it in America they're able to purchase military grade weapons and kill 60 people. Who it is of what decent or religion is the narrative people apply after the tragedy has happened. So when people say they're glad the shooter was white instead of something else shows how far we are down the rabbit hole.
doesnt shelter in hotels seem like the wrong idea?
Guy made up almost half of Chicago gang shooting stats in 45 minutes.
That's a meme just need the school shooting theme and we good.
Congress responsible for these murders allowing guns to public.
They don't call Los Vegas Sin City for nothing..
Can someone please explain why there is absolutely no blood or dead bodies in any YouTube video I've seen??????? I've seen people running and screaming.  I've seen people being carried by others,  but not a single sign of blood or anything. This is one strange mass shooting.
GTA real life
58 dead, 500 injured. 128 shot.
Ban concerts!!!
https://youtu.be/5nhZRmqwT_A TRUTH BEHIND VEGAS SHOOTING PLEASE SHARE
Man Delay Bay.. Los Vehazzz
What happens in vegas stays in vegas
Wherever there is ISIS iran is iran, Wherever iran is
*STOP THE PSYOPS*
#prayforvegas
What about porter ico??
I mean freind
Fooking pussies
No way to prevent this says only nation where this regularly happens
Welcome to America. Guess what nothing will be done. We all going to feel sorry, pray, help but our Congress will not stop gun control. What type of amendment is for  an individual  to have a semi auto machine gun for  protection?  20 mass shooting in 2/3 years alone. NRA profit on guns is more valuable than human life's right?  Smh, Welcome to America.
Dumb country hicks getting killed. Good haha.
USA is such a evil country.....full of evil people.
Alrighty, let's take a vote for something that's absolutely not debatable the will hopefully get both sides of people to agree. CRACK DOWN ON GUN SMUGGLING. The only true unbiased way to see if shooters will get their guns legally is to crack down on all illegal transactions taking place in drug dens. Making legal guns harder to get is one thing, but I think ALL OF US should be able to agree to CRACKING DOWN ON ILLEGAL WEAPONRY.
This is very heart breaking for family members to witness the death of their own. When I heard that he was going to kill people during life was beautiful, I was completely shocked because one of my own was going over there. However, we have to see the bright side of things. These things happen every day, and that is how life is now. We have to take advantage of this. This is a learning experience. Stop saying things and start doing things. Also, I don't believe Isis did this. They claim every attack and it is quite annoying for Muslims because they are always the ones to be blamed and I think that we should be sorry.
Nobody thinks this is suspicious or a little odd doesn't add up
JUST MORE FAKE NEWS..\nNobody died,stop with your Soros funded Vigil's and paid crisis actors!
More like 59 dead, and 515+ injured...
Why are the authorities showing the VIDEO SURVEILLANCE footage from the Hotel hallways showing the gunman toting all the weapons into the room..?  THERE IS NO REASON they can't show that.  It has no negative effect on the investigation whatsoever.  So........BLOOD in any photos of victims........and NO HOTEL FOOTAGE of gunman carrying in weapons.\nHMMMM...........amazing.   NO EVIDENCE this guy did anything at all.  Yet they tout him as the shooter.  I'm not buying it.
I wish trump was the only one to get hit with all them run
Random 64 year old white guy with no criminal background, no history of mental illness and was a friendly man got a hold of 23 rifles and randomly shot into a crowd of people. Seems very fishy, Remember not to take whatever you see on the news as the narrative, think for yourself.
HOLY SHIT, yall Americans need to be friends with russia atm yall mfs need help yall gon die without help with that shit Yall need to evacuate rn! \n\n(Edit) that wasn’t a racial comment all my peoples is my peoples love you guys but seriously yall need to do something about that
Why does this always happen on my birthday
Watch & wait! The girlfriend in the Philippines has more than a little involvement in this!
white terrorism!!!!!
No noticing that witnesses reported multiple shooters?....
Fake!
Please make an Oogie Boogie cake from nightmare before Christmas!
Please make the clown from IT (Pennywise)
wow zoe!!!! you are so talented.
adorable ♡♡♡
Zoe you are incredible:) my children and I love watching you x
You are inspirational. Thank you so much for these helpful tutorials. Could you do a PJ Masks Tutorial? Could you tell me what is the best cake type for a tall cake to cover in fondant?
Most beautiful thing ever I wish you would have done this tutorial few months back so I could have made these for my daughters birthday. 💗
I REALLY needed this tutorial thank you! Amazing job 💜
Tour cake is ver y beatiful
😍💙💖💙💖
Zoe <3 Amazing as always .. Thanks for sharing :)
Amazing as always!
Thank you Zoe, your timing is perfect as I need to do this for next month. So easy to follow, thank you for sharing your talent 👍😊
Your cakes always look amazing!😻\nCould you maybe try to do a homestuck inspired cake??
amazing...love it..
Wow!
They were cute.
Can you please make a my little pony the movie princess skystar 3d cake please i will 😢 😢 😢 😢 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭
Your so clever thank you for sharing your video
So cute...i love ur wor2k n have learnt so much from you... thankyou !!\nUr  just fabulous!! Lots of prayers n love for you!!!
Wow amazing your so talented thank you for sharing 😀💁🏻
suscribe to my channel I'm giving a prize away to one of my subscribers this Friday
Love your videos. You're so talented
You make it look so easy!!!!
So cute!!! 😍😍😍
fab as always Zoe
Great video
Love it!!
You make it look so easy!
Awsome zoe!! You are the best!!
Hi Zoe ....I have followed so many of your tutorials when making toppers ...They are simply the best I've found...LOVE this one and now hoping for an order lol ....Keep up the great work '-) xx
I like your tutorial are so cute!!! So if possibile would you be able to enter the grams when you do the tutorial and the proportions? it would be very useful. thank you
I love that you used the grumpy Branch... immediately made me smile.
Brilliant, you make them look so easy. Thank you for sharing. X
Great video! Thank you for this💕
omg thank you my friend asked me to do a cake with these two on thank you xx brilliant
I love these! So cute ❤️
Aww this is really cutesy... I love it. Tfs
Awesome! I love it!\nHave a nice day :)
Hi Zoe, amazing tutorial as ever. Can you tell me do you colour your own white modelling paste into all those different colours? Thanks for being so generous to share your talent. Liz
You make it look so easy Zoe,love all your work,so gifted
How is this trending?
parabéns 😚😚
Can you do PJ masks cake toppers?
Missed you!!!
Beautiful
Благодарю за красоту!!!
Hermosoooo...!!!
Awwww they're cute. Your modeling skills are impeccable, Zoe!
We love trolls! ❤
So nice😍
Ily zoe you are so talented xx
Lindo! 😍😍😍😍
Okey si esta lindo me gusto un poco
Lo so ... Ti dico sempre le stesse cose... .  Sei la più brava di tutte !!!! 😍😍😍😍
So-Darn-Cute!
Aqua man got some great chestnuts
Batman goggles are the exact same ones as Night Owl's in Watchmen. Recycling props eh
I can't see superman here. Can you?
Porn level acting here . It seems so corny
Liberalism is trying to take down what is good and natural of this planet. By using the media with fear and manipulation of truth they are trying to take your mind and make you side with them. Don't fall for division thinking. Think for yourself and be part of  the infinite dynamic of nature. THAT is where real truth is. Look within, not without. The answers are there. Its time to wake and create. Evil destruction needs to end NOW!
2:06 this one shot alone shits on the entire CW Flash: TV Series ⚡️🏃🏼⚡️
Im so upset with the set hair dresser for WW - like look at Diana's hair in this trailer, its so limp compared to her hair in wonder woman
still can't accept him as batman.
Amazing trailer! now I'm psyched more than ever for this film, which makes me even more nervous...
Very good DC but ffs make on of your final battles during the daylight
That scene with Clark Kent and Lois Lane.💔
Im a marvel fan, but im so hyped for this movie, looks amazing
We were grown thinking when they will make Justice League, and now the day will come in just 1 month. #JL
Man how good does Thor Ragnarok look...
World can be this fucked up any minute now... But there is a problem ! We dont have any superheroes yet ! :/
A W E S O M E😎
I have a presidential boner.
Hit the like if you love SUPERMAN
If green lantern shows up childhood dream come true!
Haters will always hate. In Geoff Johns we trust. DC world will only move forward
I CAN'T WAIT FOR WATCH THIS MOVIE.......
So the VFX are pretty bad in certain ways you can't deny that, I've seen much worse so I'm not gonna complain but if they're gonna make a movie that has this much CGI it needs to look better than this, hopefully everything else in the movie is good but seriously tho, I'm just gonna hope that the fact that the League is finally on the big screen distracts me
at 1:25 which song is it?..
starts at one minute dah du du du dah 1.04 deeh dah duh you hear it in your head slowed down OMG im so pumped!! forgive me but how do you put the original superman theme into words
My name is Ayoife Oni and I love this trailer.\n\nLet all the hate on this comment begin. :)
Must check this out https://youtu.be/iI7-GYHukX0
All these people nit picking the trailer like they're not going to watch it anyway 😂 whiney bitches
waiting to see Superman smashing Steppenwolf's head 😎😁🤘✌️💪
Oh boy I wish we had someone strong on our team like stronger than the five of us maybe someone who is invincible and doesn't have more than one weakness...
david bowie - heroes in background!
FUCKING SPOILERS !! WHY THE HELL THEY SHOWED SUPERMAN ! RETARDED DC
Looks like typical flying aliens invading earth with a billion cgi explosions going off in every direction, and of course the cheesy 'only together as a team can we do this' line
Look at all of these mentally retarded marvel faggots that keep bitching and moaning about this movie having too much CGI
Jason Momoa? Really? I am tired of people switching racial types of established chars. If that makes me a racist, then so fucking be it. Aquaman is a tall Nordic blond type. Not....whatever the fuck Momoa is.
https://youtu.be/HaWstjyfngQ [CHECK IT OUT] LIKE AND SUB
only good thing about this trailer is ❤ Gal Gadot ❤
Why are all the super heroes smiling???? Please don't turn this into Marvel!!!
Finally they show him !!
WTH graphic was awesome... There is no word to say about graphic designer... Great !!!
A weird giddy sound left my mouth when Wonder Woman smiled
They kinda have to fail in order for the Flash to go back and Falshpoint the universe, meaning we might see them all die in some way before Barry runs back in time to change the outcome in their favor.
Looks like a typical DC movie
DC: let's introduce the new characters (aquaman, flash, cyborg) so epically that people WILL watch their solo movies when they release & love the characters... Just like wonder woman.\n\nPeople will only realise the magnificence of the SnyderVerse once all the movies have been done. It'll be an epic collection. Till then.. 🖖
Ezra miller is my favorite choice for the flash.
I wish Raven from Teen Titans be in this movie.
why is the big fight at the end in every Dc film always red themed
When will Hollywood stop with these alien invasion - superhero crap? It's so cringy for godsakes and moreover it's the stupid audience which is to blame for this conundrum. Wasted 03:13 min of my life on this idiocy.
looks like the CGI hasn't got any better
DC is better than Marvel. End of.
the flash is dc's spiderman fan girling over the smallest things
Who the fuck dislike this trailer
Can flash please have an actual trail, the lightning around him isn't enough
This is the movie I have been waiting for a long time. Justice league is love, Justice league is life.
Gal gadot , Ben affleck , Amy Adams \nI'm in
why are all the top comments so positive... i feel like there is an algorithym involved here... foul play
That smile that damn smile.... gal is love 😘
What was the song played at the beginning with Supes standing in the field?
the trailer melt my heart
They should have released this with Goku vs Jirin lol...nerds would have had an overload
This is a perfect trailer in many ways.\n\n1. Not Showing The Return of Superman, Instead Giving A Little Flashback To Freshen Us Up A Bit.\n\n2. No Major Plot Twist Given (Like done in BvS trailer)\n\n3. Good Visual Scenes Given To Attract More People To Watch The Film.\n\n4. Slight Bit of Overview Given So The Viewers Understand A Bit About Whats it Gonna Be About.
I can't wait for this movie!!
As longest the batmobile is in it I'm watching it been a fan of it since I was 5 💩
Amy Adams, My Love and My Dream ❤⚘
Where is Ironman and Hulk when all of this happens ??
Go team DC!!!
SUCE MA BITE
First Aquaman riding a parademon down a building, now Aquaman impaling a parademon mid air. Already my fav character
Love u wonder women
BEN AFFLECK SUCKS
Meh
Aquaman's already the lovable character XD
Wait superman died?
superb
Martian Manhunter...
My favourite  is Aquaman.. JASON MOMOA
8K mentally retarded Marvel fantards dislike this vid while autistically screeching.
Khal Drogo died and became Aqua Man
CAVS in 7...ALL IN
Where is Superman
2:28 her smile😍
Anyway Im gonna watch this
SuperMan returns😂😎😂
2:28 My queen!!! 💝
Jason mamoa ftw..
Utter trash
I better hear Cyborg say “BOOYAH” and Aquaman say “OUTRAGEOUS”!!!!!!!!
MY MAN
Darkside, alright alright
Looks like a CGi Fest!
Error 404 BOOYAH not found.
Justice League vs..............Shao Khan?????
cgi looks sooo fake
POOOR CGI
wac
🔥🔥🔥
cyborg looks like shit
CGI sucks!
2:27 - TRIPPING 💓 That smile 🙈
Fck superman is missing?
#TEAMMARVEL
You guys should've added Thierry Henry
Reev was definitely man of the match
When are you going to the highlights
Legends in next Wembley cup \n\n\n   David beckham \n    \n   Steven gerrard\n\n   David James \n    Peter shmichel\n\n   Robbie fowler \n\nAnd. Heskey
What’s the hashtag music when they score
Faizal not playing the game is the best thing that happened to HashTag
Jimmy Conrad did so well in this game that Heath Pierce is going to replace him next year
Sam Adams was a hugely underrate player in that match too! Definitely deserves a shoutout! Great game on defence!
This shows that the teams that hashtag smashed in division 1 may not have been that bad. Tekkers Town had quality players, and hashtag still beat them by 5 goals. Instead of saying that Spencer selects poor quality teams for hashtag to play, recognise that they are a great team by YouTube standards, and play well together.
I honeslty thought tekkerz town was going to win
Whys Joe taken his top off??
Massive shout out to Charlie morely! Taken out by DAVID JAMES... and still managed to score! And a huge shout out to billy wingrove, lovely to see you on the pitch... Gutted you weren't fit!! But it was great to see you playing in Wembley!!
Next year do a F2 FC vs HTU that's what Billy said in his instagram stream
Wouldn’t want to play against in Stuart Pearce aka Psycho Dirty player in his day
Daniel cutting thinks he can score from anywhere just cause of the goals he scored in the first Wembley cup
What happened to legend Ferdinand , sorry if they said something about legend Ferdinand
True geordies famouse words hes the nicest person youll ever meet he says it about evry1
when ksi and joe weller were on the same team 😂😲
Brilliant event well done Spencer and all involved! Personal opinion, if there’s another Wembley cup make sure you pie Lawrence off from the commentary team! His banter is awful and made me want to turn off due to his lack of knowledge of basic football! True Geordie at least has a good understand of tactics and general football! Thoroughly enjoyed the video though!
Poet is so so so bad
Love gerrards thinking, next year is always his
Poor Joe tho. He has been training really hard this year and then his injury kicks in again😭😓
Look at the vid
Theo, they spelled your last name incorrect in the line up
Anyone else think Theo Baker is the greatest player in Wembley Cup history 😕
geordie defo been on the white stuff
Not as many people as the sidemen match
Should make charity league on fifa
the commentators r pissing me off, just stfu and lemme watch the match.
Who are these people?
next year i will bet spencer will win it
We'll come back better next year thats not really how it works Gerrard
does Elliott Crawford know how to run
Why can you not do anything that revolves around your terrible team. You are grown men with a team name that kids would use
TT defenders are scrappy af, and not in the good fighting spirit way.
Personally I think last year's wa s the best
KSI is such a pos just for that bandana
Where is the guru
I am mexican and I live in california, it is just the Wave not mexican wave hahahahaha
theo barker 💦💦
TᖇEKKEᖇᔕ TOᗯᑎ ᔕᕼOᑌᒪᗪ ᕼᗩᐯE ᗯOᑎ ᗯITᕼ TᕼEᖇE GᖇEᗩT ᑭᒪᗩYEᖇᔕ
Superb play
he said chrishd its chrismd
Theo I know
next year do hashtage vs SIDMEN
Why didn’t weller play
F2 FAMILY
that was dumb
Harry W2s is underestimated
Lame
boarimg af
Barca vs PSG all over again 😂
Charlie Morley deserves MOTM more than anyone
I hate sports
Weller didn't play.😑
Theo Barker
Well done to both teams :)
theo you are now the top goal scorer in wembly cup history
I'd give my right bollock to play with Steven Gerrard
There was no such thing as the tekkers town starting line up
I'm gonna tell you this straight I didn't enjoy this. The positions given to the tekkers town players was awful. Daniel Cutting should have been swapped with josh pieters
The Defence for Tekkers Town is so lazy
Cold
#1 trending
As Spencer brought Hashtag United to the Wembley Cup, i think they should like make a League, with this Youtuber teams, and the 1º and 2º play like this Final. Sunday League or something like that, with Hashtag United on it, with all of the rest Youtube Football teams
crowd age between 10-16, a kids event
I bet it was arranged for spencer fc to win all 3 times
How did I not know this was going on
I had no idea this match was even happening it had like 0 coverage...
As soon as billy came on the game lit up,hopefully he's in next year's wembely cup.
HE'S 16 Y U GIVING HIM ALCOHOL
get me in next year
C'mon boys! One on trending!
Please add me on insta and i will add u back its aa_6062
scott pollock is an absolute BEAST
Well done spencer and the boys from hashtag united don't forget to hashtag it ######
where was Thierry and rio
Chemistry won the game
image if Rio ferdinand was in the next Wembley cup
I would sub to anyone who subs to me
Billy coming on at the end was brilliant, really glad you had your chance on the pitch no matter how long it was for
Worst Wembley Cup out of the three
So dissapointed....no one in the comments giving details about the goal (time)...
Commentary is absolutely fantastic!
Awesome match 👌🏽 great job Hashtag!
Theo Barker? Lol
Check my movies trailers
Guess what...\n\n*Read more*
Heskey is fat!
ksi and emile hesky remeber ksi 2012
Aka jezza
BRING STEVIE G BACK!!!!!!
Billy shulda taken the freekick
wow ksi and emile heskey
Theo Barker
Tbh I wasn't a fan of the comentaters they were talking about crap not the game well hardley
commentators need to be replaced due to lack of understanding of how to commentate.
What a game for hashtag\n winning the cup.
Biggest differences were chemistry along with organisation. TT should have had a legend at the back to make it some what fair
I'm not gonna lie, I thought the chick in the thumbnail was Gibby from iCarly dressed up as a woman 🤣
Kate McKinnon did you write this skit? 😂
This is too gay for me 🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈
God, SNL sucks so bad. Propaganda could be a lot more entertaining, don't you think?
Who wrote this script its just ass
What this demonstrates is that gay cultures is just as sexist as, well, straight culture. Imagine that. Point is, there is nothing wrong with it. It is called acknowledging the reality of sexuality and not demonizing it. Yet, if you are a straight man you'll know full well if you did that you'd be called a sexist. Turns out you were really just a lesbian in a man's body. They would say your objectifying woman. Man, lesbians your so objectifying of woman. OR you simply find them sexual and know they are not object but humans that you need to have what is called 'the sexy time'. Point is, it is NOT objectifying woman. It is acknowledging they are inherently sexual beings. Therefore, NO it is not sexual harassment, sexist, or objectifying when you act like that, whether a straight man, bisexual or a lesbian. So enjoy this gay woman. You deserve it. Next time you see a hot chick let her know it. Then Buzzfeed can have a video of a woman being 'harassed' by other woman.
How is this funny? Only recorded people are laughing.
SNL doesn't disappoint still another sexual skit about lesbians. They have no creativity at all. Did that make any sense? Watch how it ended and tell me that made no sense.
So its only okay for women to be objectified for sex and beauty is when women do it to each other okay got it
Kate McKinnon is SNL at this point
I fucking came all over watching this IM not kidding i really came
is it gal's youtube channel
I don’t like this simply because it’s not funny. I don’t care if they had sex on camera. There just was no humor to be found in this skit.
Does anyone remember when SNL used to be funny? I really think it was back when Norm was still doing weekend update.
I feel like Kate was the one who came up with this sketch.
This is the day Kate LOVED HER JOB 😂😂 🌈🌈
Where's the Weinstein take down - what's that?  The fix was in - something about hometown loyalty.  Yes, that must be it.
It's like we're in a porn, but the plumber it's just genuinely there to fix the pipes 😂😂😂 omg
WOW ........just wow its not funny just no work put into it the girl in the black has done better stuff in my opinion
Remember everyone! The Forth Reich is currently accepting recruits!
How did Kate survive that!! If I was Kate I would’ve just called it quits and left the scene then. Lol. I also would’ve done the same if Kate kissed me though.
My dream is to hit 1 million subscribers but it's my birthday on October 21st and it would mean the world to me if you could stop by my channel and subscribe and stay active
Wow this show is so unfunny now. \nWhere did it all go wrong ?
Hey I love this channel I have a channel too but it’s not going anywhere please reply with some advice it will help me out thank you
Kate's probably never been happier to be on SNL lol
She's so fucking lucky lol
Oh my god this is so funny !!!
Hadn't watched SNL for a long time before last night (only tuned in for Gal) Can someone please tell me the name of the woman in plaid? She is so funny. Also, the handsome white gentleman with the fantastic smile that did the news update? Thanks :)
Kate’s fantasy come true!.. make actors get it all the time you just witnessed a female get hers
https://youtu.be/i1MDWFn3EIU can you guys and girls do me a favor and check out my first YouTube video and subscribe and give me good feedback and tips to improve 😌💯🙏🏾 that would be greatly appreciated
The dike in the glasses seems like a lesbian in real life. She played it off too well and could tell she was enjoying it without braking character. That or all females are bi-sexual.
SNL should've been cancelled years ago.
Lord of the flies: Women edition looking ass
I haven't watched SNL is a long time so I'm not sure if it's the norm, but do all of their guests read off a teleprompter?  It just feels kinda meh when they're staring off into space.
Can that be me?
Okay, it's like we're in a porn, but the plumber is *genuinely* there to fix the pipes!\nlol
im waiting one more fish some other. Rice done.. some brocnchs left'
I never like kissing scenes but I've never wanted Gal to kiss me more now and I don't know what kissing feels like...  Da fuh? (Fun Fact:I'm a hetero dude😁)
Well, that was awful
No wonder this video has 2 million views in under 24 hours lol
literally most dumb video I've ever seen
Add me on Snapchat for a chance to win $50 @ cbetz_17
Totally thought this was gonna be funny.... guess not
this is future
Tj
Gal Godot ❤️
Wow she good at kissing
Fucking MEEE
*after somewhat intense makeout session *...  I'm sorry ,I feel nothing  Lmaoo
Apni mase 20000tk income korte parbn 01637087874 what's app inbox me.
Ooooh, see that burns 😂😂
Wasn’t even humorous.
wtf even is this?
😍 Wonder Woman
This wig is trash
Gross
Damn she's sexy.
Hey
Not funny
3:50 Chezus take the wheel plz
Humor.exe has stopped working
WTF is this bullshi
Oh...mah...gawd. Kate Kiss!!! 😍😍😍❤❤❤😭😭😭😭
Lezmyscira🤔
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
https://youtu.be/TMCFKABRwg0🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💸💸💸
Lmao, i love Aidy
Wonder Woman is canonical bisexual
Gal gadot has an interesting hairline
Make money fast now!$$$\nhttp://MyFixEarning.com/?refer=819
God bless you, SNL
im sorry i feel nothing 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Well besides the kissing....this was rather fuckin horrible. This supposed to be humorous? Cause it sucks. What the fuck happened to this show?
I'm so gay thank you SNL
This whole skit makes it seem like the Amazons are non sexual beings but it's literally canon that they were fucking like...a lot.
This is so relatable I can’t
Gal looks like such a good kisser ugh fuck me
Gal gadot is trending on on first, second and third on youtube Rn
#2 trending because we all gay
This made me gayer
Is Gal Gadot really that tall?
i wanna have sex with leslie jones so bad
She's hot, but she can't act
God, this show has sucked boated pimple ridden ass for decades now and its still on the freakin air purely because NBC has an sjw agenda to push. Gal Gadot was the only watchable part of this sketch.
Snl has changed... wtf is this shit man. Gay television!!?!???!?
homosexuality shoved down your throat sounds like cable TV.
Even women who want to be men aren't funny LUL
Stop pushing the sickness of homosexuality on the world especially on children!!  Being gay is wrong and so is brainwashing young children to accept sick and disgusting unnatural  perversions. If it was so natural they would not have to brainwash children and force it in every aspect of life to try and normalize it. Stop  The normalization of disgusting unnatural perversions,  this is being force on us by sick people and the even crazier people that encourage people in their insanity especially young children parents that encourage or say 'whoever my kid  grows up and loves I will accept'.... That is wrong!  As parents it is your job to teach your children right from wrong and don't let the sickos of society raise your children. Love is not love next thing you know the people will be trans-species so people will have an excuse to sleep with animals. Their are only 2 sexes a man or a woman and that makes this life all the more beautiful and special and the bond between men and women that much more sacred and beautiful, and the beauty in that is we need one a another and by our love we create life, and that is one of the most beautiful and profound   thing we as humans have in this world. Stop trying to pervert it with you delusions.?
WOMEN ARENT FUNNY, THEY ARENT GOOD AT COMEDY OR MAKING PEOPLE EVEN CHUCKLE
Roasting Trump and now gay right overkill. Has SNL become political now?
WTF NOW THEY MAKING GAL KISS SOME FUCKING DYKE NOW THATS BULLSHIT LOST RESPECT FOR GAL
shit was shit. what the hell did I watch, and fuck you trending.
It's like where I'm a porn, but the plumber is just genuinely there to fix the pipes BRUH I LAUGHED MY ASS OFFFF
Kate McKinnon is so damn funny! Amy Schumer's level of outstanding comedy. And she's almost as good looking as Leslie Jones.
im sorry lesbians are gross boy and boy is cute but girl and gril is no
Contact me Facebook
This is disgusting.
⚠ Boner alert ⚠
Stop sexualizing super heroes for fucks sake
Would of been funnier if the dykes came on bikes
MASSIVE Thank you for everyone supporting me and making a dream reality! TG
very interesting to hear about shearer's time as manager of newcastle and the fine system he tried to put in place. Says alot about the problems of modern footballers that they've got a players commitee who are happy to see them make their millions no matter what. Problem with modern footballers=they get too easy a ride financially.
Not from Newcastle but you got to respect Shearer. Loyal to his roots and to his home.
Proud of you Brian, much deserved pal, inspirational
I'm really happy you got the opportunity to have a chat with shearer... and thanks for having us along!  brilliant
Mate you’ve hit new levels
That was top class. Credit where credit is due. The standard of output is becoming consistently good.
This is brilliant. On a side note, anyone know the intro song?
Ian wright would be a good shout for the next guest
Sunderland fan but still loved that :-) keep it up
fuck this is so meta
Best one so far Geordie good job mate
Where's will at?😂
Top man Mr. Shearer know him and his fatha Alan senior from the club.
Amazed at this. Incredible. Only can imagine what you were going through.
So proud of true G and Laurence listened to the podcast since day one and enjoyed every single minute of it and to have such a huge guest on like Shearer is brilliant hope yous continue their podcast for as long as possible because it's absolutely class
this makes me so happy for you man. Imagine when you where doing your deep sea diving work that later on in your life you'd have your own podcast talking to your childhood hero.
Best Podcast yet Brian.....and quality commentary on the Wembley cup both of you.....Keep it up...!!... @FinRegan
What's this? 2 Geordie legends together? Well fuck me
Football today needs more people like Shearer, such a nice genuine guy and the best striker England has ever had and will have
I fucking love Allen Shearer. I've never seen such a fantastic and humble footballer othwr than Messi.
Mate i fuckin love al, infact name a geordie that doesnt...What i legend, still all these years after retirement he is still the fans' favourite. #SHEARERISGOD
why the fuck he didn't sign for United back then
congratulations geordie, been subscribed since 25k and to see you grow and do a podcast with the man you have been worshiping for years makes me so happy for you. keep up the hard work!
This is simply the best thing, ever.
absolutely amazing. doesnt get much better than this. congrats
Seeing this podcast and your reaction to being able to chat with your idol honestly made me genuinely ecstatic. You're the best. Keep up the outstanding work.
a face with your plate on \nLol
Best podcast ever. Thank you guys for making this happen, as an aspiring journo and newcastle fan it would be my dream to meet shearer
Dele All needs to do the boot cleaning, seems like such a privileged fuck
ian wright would be a top guest had a very interesting start to his career.
finally this video is here <3
Absolutely buzzing for you mate what an accomplishment 👏🏼
LOOK AT THAT FUCKING LIKE RATIO FAM
said to myself ill watch 10 minutes then the rest tomorrow.... got completely stuck in this podcast!!! QUALITY work and some surprising things i learnt from that as well.
Yes Brian! Loved this as a Blackburn Rovers fan
fantastic interview lads, youve come a long way
Congrats geordie good work well done 4th on trending and meeting you’re idol all in one video 😊
Great interview, great questions TG. Best person (obviously) I've seen you have yet. Wish you all the best and congratulations man! Still have the Newcastle fans chanting Alan shearer on my phone for text received, never gets old :DPS> Please don't stop your football hangover, love that shit every week!
Mate. You've made it.
Well done Brian, such a great achievement. Truly isnpiring, keep it up lad. Good job Laurence too for being an excellent interviewer throughout the podcast so far
Not sure how you’re gonna follow this one up Geordie
Super watch, keep her lit son
Unreal Geordie. I keep coming back for your drive and determination and it's sick to see it paying off for you, massively inspiring 👍
He was good but he was no n.ranger
Congrats geordie you deserve it. All your hard work paying off!
Best podcast of all time!
Been subscribed to you for a couple years now and its awesome to see how far you've come lad! proud of you for getting to do something you've always wanted to do! Well Done!
number 4 on trending right now, Brian, youve made it
The best one yet
FairPlay to ya Brian! If you believe it, you can achieve it! 😊 Much respect, so happy for you! Keep it up
Unreal,deserve it pal looking forward to seeing how you’ll top this
What is the picture in the background?
Man...I know hardly anything about the history of Newcastle, Shearer, the Prem in general but I could have watched another three hours of this. One of the best videos I've ever seen on YouTube. Congrats man ❤️ deserved is an understatement
Brain has now made it
Congrats on getting this to actually happen Brian. This is absolutely incredible and it truly is a sign of how much you've grown
So happy for you that you actually managed to come this far, being able to talk to your childhood hero on YOUR podcast for 2 hours!
My personal favorite Podcast of yours, was amazing Brian/Lawrence. What a legend Shearer was tho, top lad as well
This is mad, congrats Brian my g✅
Best podcast to date, congrats on getting your hero on Brian!
This is what Brian deserves well done Brian so proud of the growth of this channel keep the great work up
What a man you are Geordie.
Really happy for true Geordie, chatting with his hero after all the hard work. I can't see what Lawrence is bringing to this podcast though
fair play man. that's what hard graft gets you
Great job getting the best striker of all time on the show mate... So proud of all you've accomplished mate , keep moving forward never look back
wait a minute, did anyone else notice Geordie had blonde fucking hair when he was a young bloc? maaaan
See if you can nick him from MOTD to do the Kick-off
Laurence is literally the type of guy who thinks chinning someone means actually hitting them with your chin
I dont like football but this was a great interview. Seems like a great down to earth guy. Nice to meet your hero as well :-)
Congratulations true Geordie
4 on trending
Holy crap is Alan fucking Shearer.Turns off porn and listens carefully
Best podcast yet
Congrats big man
Unbelievable
England's greats LEGEND Congrats Geordie
timestamp for myself 1:30:02
#3 on trending Geordie is doing bits.
fucking unreal that like
WTF You Legend TG, SHEARER SHEARER SHEARER
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
B-E-A-UTIFUL. You can retire now haha.
Geordie is going places...
YES
#4 on Trending!!!
you made it geordie!!!!!
Ladddddd
Shearer -  Pressure's for tyres  lol..
Tgfc
Nowt better than a Geordie like
48:52 Hahah :/
Living a dream congrats
What a fucking podcast
Brilliant Lads
Absolute class mate 👏
Brilliant interview
#4 on trending
well done mate
Favourite podcast so far. Congrats guys <3
Get Thierry Henry on the podcast
Are you not entertained?
Oh yeah your really smart if you watch Rick and Morty
“I only like entrepreneurs”                                  You:
It sucks that the szechuan sauce is in America only....
Like I want to try it a lot but they’re just fucking retards. I want Justin and Dan to make jumping of a bridge look beneficial, see what happens then $10 per jump.
I don't live in America but why don't the people just go get their own sauce for cheaper?
Only one word to call these people: SHEEP
it waSN'T EVEN HIS MONEY!!! HIS DAD GAVE HIM THE $10....
YOUTUBE STOP IT GET SOME HELP
Does your phone not record when you rotate it 90 degrees?
what the fuck is with this shit
Is the sauce new or something?
Congrats on the guy making the Money'zz
Bitch needs to get paid.
This is what an entrepreneur looks like people. Take notes.
Rick and Morty is a great show, Rick and Morty fans are fucking cancer.
He's not black but I'm going to call him a black bastard anyway because that is a nigger move!
what has this world come to
All these people like dumbasses lul, it's just $10. Most people probably make that during their 5 minute toilet break at work.
I love Rick and Morty, but this Szechuan sauce craze is retarded af.
What is this? And why are Americans like this?
When they tell you Capitalism doesn't work, shown them this video
That guy eating like i've just wasted $10 in a 10 seconds
These look exactly like what I expected people who watch rick and morty to look like
Cum in a sauce box & rip off nerds
People that bought it must've been told they're magical, I mean who the fuck else would buy it..
When you say is it worth it yuno your going for something stupid but just wanna reasure by asking is it worth it
Ha, his friend Is it worth it....IS IT WORTH IT *hand clutching $10. Boy eating continues to chew while debating the question.
This is why nobody takes you serious as a country America...
MORTY THIS IS WHAT IT’S ALL ABOUT MORTY THAT SZECHUAN SAUCE
Dude in Vegas shot the wrong people.
I hope this shit gives everyone aids
I like to imagine that last guy is the one who wrote the long comment about how you have to be smart to get the humor in the show
that just prove how smart you should be to watch rick and morty
jesus christ, and i thought video game scalping was pathetic
If Apple had a takeaway.
Paying 10 dollars for a reddit sauce you can make at home lmfao
tfw not smart enough to understand rick and morty ;__:
Only people this stupid would watch that show.
Am I missing something I don't get what is going on.
Who’d have thought Rick and Morty would lead to such capitalism. McDonalds could seriously cash in if they just re-released the sauce full-time.
God it looks like some sort of apocalypse, as if they're all crowding around for rations to quell the hunger for another day. Oh wait nope they're all crowding around to get a bit of sauce on a chicken nugget...consumerism at its finest. Instead of doing something useful with that 10dollars, they're wasting it on 10seconds of pleasure. Fair play on the guy for exploiting the situation
What’s the deal with Szechuan sauce?
Why isn't he in the apprentice?
I thought it was frowned upon to take advantage of mentally disabled people
The absolute state of these fucking nerds
Who the fck pays ten dollars for a nugget??
That face at the end tho
I heard Rick and Morty fans had high IQ, is that true?
Is it really that good?
Rick and Morty isn't funny, but then again, Americans will laugh at anything.
He actually put it in his mouth after that dude's dirty fucking hands touched it. Nice.
This video was liked even before I watched it. Wtf is going on????
Is it worth it?Yeah it is what a bunch of retards
hahahaha rick and morty fans are the biggest losers
I wonder how much they'd pay to eat a chicken nugget that Justin Roiland jizzed on.
All of them - LOSERS.
Give me that burrrrrrrp damn  Szechuan sauce morrrrrty
Hhhaa rickless assholes
Fuck Rick & Morty and Fuck Capitalism
OMG 666 DISLIKES \nSATAN IS HERE\n😂🦐😂🦐\nWhy tho? \n$10\nWai\nWhay\nWui
0:23 *pauses video*\nBro look at this dude uhu uhu wait till you see the f... uhohohoho no no NO NO.. OH HA HOH\nohhhHOHOoooo.... ARHHHHHHH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
This is why these dumb cunts ruin fandoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOQMmBS_B_Y
Ricky and MORTY!!!!
yall some dumb fuckers
Wow America.
this makes me sad
>>/reddit/
Szechuan sauce morty
Why?
Reddit manchildren out in force
R&M fans are cancer
This man isa fucking genius
Western society is fucked
Why is this trending?
BAZZINGA!!!1
Fat low-life scum
A true entrepreneur
Pathetic
Americans..
PICKIE RICK
Ffs.
genius
Jesus
capitalism at work
:(
WTF I hate Rick and Morty now
FUCKING GOOBERS GET A LIFE.
Dear Lord give me strength.
Binging with Babish ?
hitler please come back
Oh what’s that... IT TASTES LIKE A SCAM!!!!!!!
Society needs retarded people like this.\nThey shall work meaningless desk jobs and live meaningless lives.\nAll to allow me to dominate society and become alpha and then I shall become the king.\nTHE KING!\nTHE KING OF THE WORLD!!
Do Rick and Morty fans have no self awareness at all? Do they not realize how autistic and shameless they are?
reddit and memey fans deserve the death penalty
Look like the same old antifa retards, I don't expect anything less from this generation.
I don't understand this video one bit can someone explain to me what the fuck is going on? Why are people spending 10 dollars on suace and one nugget wtf!
Capitalism.
*_To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humor is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Rick's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation - his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realize that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick and Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick's existencial catchphrase Wubba Lubba Dub Dub, which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon's genius unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools... how I pity them. 😂 And yes by the way, I DO have a Rick and Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand._*
But I'd love for you to come to church and read the Bible with me Sam. 🙏💕 THAT VOICE IS GOD GIVEN. Praise him for your talents always hun.
I love how comfortable he is when singing. Makes me feel comfortable listening to his beautiful voice... uh Sam, you gorgeous creature.
Just realized how tall he is 😂😂 what a beautiful voice......
I'm young and I'm foolish, I've made bad decisions\nI block out the news, turn my back on religion\nDon't have no degree, I'm somewhat naive\nI've made it this far on my own\nBut lately, that shit ain't been gettin' me higher\nI lift up my head and the world is on fire\nThere's dread in my heart and fear in my bones\nAnd I just don't know what to say\n\n[Chorus]\nMaybe I'll pray, pray\nMaybe I'll pray\nI have never believed in You, no\nBut I'm gonna pray\n\n[Verse 2]\nYou won't find me in church (no) reading the Bible (no)\nI am still here and I'm still Your disciple\nI'm down on my knees, I'm beggin' You, please\nI'm broken, alone, and afraid\nI'm not a saint, I'm more of a sinner\nI don't wanna lose, but I fear for the winners\nWhen I tried to explain, the words ran away\nThat's why I am stood here today\n\n[Chorus]\nAnd I'm gonna pray (Lord), pray (Lord), maybe I'll pray\nPray for a glimmer of hope\nMaybe I'll pray (Lord), pray (Lord), maybe I'll pray\nI've never believed in You, no, but I'm gonna...\n\n[Bridge]\nWon't You call me?\nCan we have a one-on-one, please?\nLet's talk about freedom\nEveryone prays in the end\nEveryone prays in the end\nOhh, won't You call me?\nCan we have a one-on-one, please?\nLet's talk about freedom\nEveryone prays in the end\nEveryone prays in the end\n\n[Outro / Chorus]\nOh, I'm gonna pray, I'm gonna pray, I'm gonna pray\nPray for a glimmer of hope\nMaybe I'll pray, pray, maybe I'll pray\nI've never believed in You, no, but I'm gonna pray
Omg he’s so daddy now.
This song is more meaningful, knowing that he wrote it after spending 5 days in Mosul, Iraq, working for the charity organisation War Child.
This just fucked me up... Like bad
why is this not number 1on trending
This was so beautiful and intense. Glad I clicked.
Cant wait to see you in Australia sam!!!!
We really don't deserve such talent
that choir  back up  is  everything 💪💪🎵🙆🕪
That voice!!!!! I´m totally speechlees!
I feel like I was blessed! Thank you so much Sam ❤️
The lyric is out of time.
I love you sam!!!  Your the best!!  From phil here!!!
I see a legend...\n\nI will pray...that...when death touches me....my ears shall hear his voice.....\n\nI didn't gave it any thought....\n\nBut u know... EVERY ONE PRAYS IN THE END...\n\nSO I AM GONNA PRAY..💙
This song is much needed right now in our sick, sick world. The emotion and voice are pure perfection. Stay true, hold steadfastly to your soul, Sam.
I love his little clap at the end ☺️
Him and his voice are just a blessing!!! 🙏🙏
Pray for the weight of Sam Smith.
Here's my cover of Sam Smith's new song PRAY https://youtu.be/K94jSmm4YY4
Sounds just as good as the song! Pure talent 😎👌
Beautiful song i love it
DAM SON! 😂😂 i gotta admit i never been a huge fan of his but dam he can sing. perfect pitch.
I'm so happy I'm early for a video for once 😎
I love him so much !!! 😭😭🙂❤️
Not only can he sing his arse off but he seems so sweet and humble! You can tell by his smile at the end!!! What a true artist and beautiful soul!!!
These lyrics, man it hits me.
Ugh what the point of listening to sam smith live if he literally sounds the same as the record.  lmao
I love him and this song ❤❤❤
his voice is awesome! love it
Everyone prays in the end. So powerful.
Who disliked? Are you guys not hearing this guy?
My blowing mind is away
I guess 137 people still don't want to pray. This is a beautiful song!
I love sam Smith  😍😍!
ITS JUST SHOCKING HOW IT TAKES SUCH LITTLE EFFORT FROM HIM
Wow. I have mixed emotions... I wanna cry and laugh. That's how good this performance is.
Hate SNL.. the only good thing those bastards did was have Sam Smith!
He is giving gods message, is to Pray. I see an here the Big picture. Pray god,bless him an his back up singers. Love the song.
Okay great song and he sounds good however can we say NO on his styling ... just saying
Wow. This song speaks to me. Go Sam!
i miss his chubby cheeks and puppy dog eyes!
Saturday night live is mindless bullshit for mindless brain dead zombies.
His voice is always on point!! <3
This performance is absolutely perfect
I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS
Shawn Mendes can't never sings live this good
He looks so grown up 😢
Intense
Just BREATHTAKING, WAOW ...THAT HIT THE SPOT 😆👍🏽🎵
gal gadot
OHHH MYYYYY GOOOODDD 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
😍💞💞💞
💚
Damn, I love u
He looks anorexic af.
yayyyyy
Beautiful! 😍😍
Come through Sam! Come throoooouuuggghhh!!!!!!
Amazing 💕
멋쪄요♡♡♡♡
Can we just
YESSS SAMMY SLAY OMG AHHH ❤️
❤
Wow so powerful!!
His voice ♡♡
I love it
💖💖💖
Wow!
One word: Beautiful...
He's amazing.
Chills!
YESSS KINGG
Amazing...🤔🤔🤔🤔
Dude's amazing live
Gorgeous voice. Love you Sammy.
Omg, just amazing!
this made me tear .. sooo good
HOW😍
AMAZING
자막 왜 이러냐..와
muito foda!!!
chillls
Flawless performance
Gorgeous like always 👌❤💚💙💜💛💖
on REPEAT!
That outfit is flames 🔥
Pray SNL SINALOA
Great voice as usual
Maravilhoso ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😭
i ♥️ his clothes😋
♥Love♥ ~♪
She is cute
HOLLY MOLLY !!!
Quem é brasileiro curti
love <3
Lo peor de todo es que Dios no escucha la oración de los impíos :( Pero ora, conviértete, tu talento es demasiado para dejarselo al mundo. Dedicalo al Señor. I love you Sam, for who you are and you awesome talent.
Ele canta como se tivesse simplesmente falando oi rs , uma facilidade que meu Deeeeeus,talento puro, voz que acalma 😍😍❤
biblical
The most rock n roll thing happened in the last 10 years
Anyone know what happened to Liam? This video cut too early! 😄
Liam being 100% Liam. This is pure gold.
Liam pissed off playing a Beatles with the foo Fighters, without knowing shit about the lyrics, gets a girl from the crowd to sing with him and  then just jumps and surf in the sea of souls, pure rock n roll
This is fucking great. Dave Grohl and Liam Gallagher are two of my favourite musicians so it's amazing to them performing together
honestly this are the rawest best vocals iv'e ever heard
Liam completely crazy. This rocks!
Now I know why I like so much Oasis, Foo Fighters and Aerosmith. Sorry Noel, keep doing boring music but when you finish come together.
Maybe try and get a couple of words in the right order.
Liam can’t sing for shit
Glad to see a bunch of positive comments about Liam on here. Lots of people at CalJam (I was there) were pissed off that he forgot the lyrics and Growl invited him on stage. As I was leaving a bunch of cunts were going Who the fuck is Liam Gallagher and why the fuck was he invited on stage. I'm from California but I've listened to the bands in the Britpop era and I love Oasis. Not a lot of Americans know how amazing the albums are, and the only song they know from them is Wonderwall, but Oasis records remain gold.
Well it started off great with Liam singing haven't heard him sing like that! haha that would be great if he were to finish the song and remember the lyrics!
Eh pc brigade thos is rock ...you let your hair down and go let it outttt!! Liam i respect you ..no fan boy but kick ass album...swagger ..and mental RnR !! Enjoy when its gone youll be pissing in moaning like that crack pots you are...mad fer it!!!!
“I am John Lennon!!!!!!”
Liam fucking crowd surfing after then what a fucking hero 😂😂😂
it's madness , i love it ! It's not just a simple cover and his voice 😍
Pmsl song ended and he was still crowd surfing 🤣😂 fucked up all the words pmsl ...
Im a massive fan but this is terrible. It's me and my mates at 2am .
Was hoping for something better. Dave should have done vocals...
would've been class if he got the words right
How can anyone think this is anything less than embarrassing? OK, so Liam's voice is shot to pieces these days but he might have bothered to learn the lyrics.
Holy smoke. That was really biblical 😂 Stoned out of his head. Awesome!
This is the coolest rock and roll shit I have seen in a very long time👊
& who said rock is dead ? have a word with yourself !
Liam off his tits so the usual lmao
This is the best thing I have ever seen! Liam is a fucking legend
I think that 17 is the return of RnR like 77 people had enough from disco like us from electropop shit and stuff
just when you thought LG's hellraisin days were over...
Trust liam to fuck it up
Epic fucking night, it was amazing! :)
Legendary!
Suena muy bien!! ❤
Demasiado brutal
ROCK ICON
Muito massa!!
Liam, best person.
It becomes so legendary when members of Aerosmith, Oasis and Nirvana are on stage
BIBLICAL
hahahah
Excellent bordel de merde
JOE FUCKING PERRY!
He looks shitfaced
At first I was like he's shitfaced and doesn't give a fuck but after all maybe this video sums up what rock n roll is about
You might be cool but you ain't Liam Gallagher in a zipped up hooded parker, shorts, Adidas trainers singing a Beatles song backed by the Foo Fighters and Joe Perry cool
Spot the faux Beatles fan who doesn't even know the words. Like those people who wear Ramones t shirts
This is hilarious Liam is steaming!
Brilliant!
This is class.
Liam is tanked up lol
The crowd has NO IDEA who Liam was... sad state of music fans these days
Where is this from!!!!?????
Liam is so drunk, he messed up so much... he was about to go into the chorus after the first verse// Come together!! that was horrible
I’m sorry but people saying “this is rock n roll” whilst Liam awkwardly tries to crowd surf is the furthest thing I’ve seen from Rock n Roll.
I was just thinking that you could probably pick any individual from the audience that would do a better job than this talentless hasbeen, and he went and proved me right.Each to his own but I seriously don't see, or hear, where his popularity comes from.
who let that ape on stage?
What's w the gal who comes on stage & starts singing... is that just like, a fan?
Fuck off, that public doesn't know the song.
Dave sits it out, next to T while he's playing really solid ! Liam could have sang this classic right thru' because music's really awesome ! Instead of...well it was a party !:)
Good to see liam letting his hair down...well whats left of it!
this is biblical, this is pure rock'n roll and that is the luckiest chick ever!
First time ever someone steals the show from Dave Ghrol... of course gotta be Liam Gallagher...
The old Liam is back!
I can't fuckin' believe it.....!
Pure Rock and Roll.
there should be a studio version of this!
If he did this at a karaoke bar you'd tell him it was time to go home.
I hope he was stoned, drunk or something because he looks like some shitty stage invader not the frontman of one of England’s biggest rock bands.
What a total utter bellend.
More like Lame Gallagher :)
This is MENTAL 💛💛💛💣
Great I love #LiamGallagher ❤️
powerful vocals
proper rockstar
John Lennon's rolling over in his grave after this asshat butchered his song.  I was there and this was not the rock and roll moment others are calling it, it was freakin lame.  I didn't go see this douche perform when he was on the main stage for this very reason.  What an idiot!  Go have another fight with your brother, that would be more entertaining!
Proper Rock n roll.
What does the sign say??
OMG THANK YOU!!!!!
Can someone explain to me why people think Liam is a rock legend or as talented as one would need to be to be considered a legend? Is it the media slights, drunken swagger, and general give-no-shits personality? Not asking rhetorically.
What was the paper he was holding
Liam Gallagher you are class
Im like a huge huge fan of his and he's done great lately and has done great covers since 1994 BUT\nHe pretty much fuck'd it up this time :D But cannot  blame him he probably went there to have fun with no rehearsing.\nStill a legend!\n\nCheers!
That sucked, I love Liam but wtf, he don`t know the lyrics and sings wrong, holds up a frikkin paper but still sings wrong hahaha, no no this sucked.
Liam doesn't even know the words?  Ill-prepared amateur.  What a d-bag
How a guy can call himself a beatles fan and yet get the lyrics so horrendously wrong is beyond me. “One add one add two is three...” fuck me. The guy failed at basic maths there not just come together lyrics.
Saw him fuck this up at the show, oasis was mediocre and his solo career is a fucking joke. Fuck that piece of shit
I'm still not over the fact that this doesn't suck
been lookin forward to this review! honestly as a die-hard fan (my fav cut is director's, but i agree final cut is the cut with the best cohesion overall) i was TERRIFIED of the new movie. but i went to see it bedecked in my best cyberpunk gear (+10 immersion) and i've been gushing over it ever since. i'm so relieved and i'm so emotional to see one of my fav films get a proper sequel with lots of love. i'm down for a villeneuve Dune!
My whole family was bored, but not me.
To me the soundtrack felt extremely similar to Nolan's Inception and Dark Knight trilogy, and yes I know Han Zimmerman composed both of these but it did feel very similar
I liked it, but would not call it a masterpiece. It's a very simple detective story with a basic plot. 7/10 it ain't no Oldboy.
i gotta see this again cuz honestly it feels like a dream when i try & remember everything. the harder i focus the more difficulty i have. but yes visual impression that this movie leaves is definately excellent.
Gotta see mosquito coast for a ford performance where he likes the role
i've seen this film in imax and it was genuinely so well done when i left the theatre i was depressed for 2 days because i just witness a masterpiece of a world and i felt like i was in it but after i left the theatre reality kicked in. especially the scenes on the roof when it's raining. the sound design is so amazing i actually thought it was raining in the theatre. maybe that's what imax does for every film but idk.
A E S T H E T I C
omg that was jared leto? i had to write a cast list for work and i guess my brain just turned itself off for the half second it took me to copy his name
Man... Many people in the theatre just stood up and left when I was watching. I felt so disappointed in them and the current average film watcher. Nothing satisfies us anymore unless there's corny jokes and loud explosions in it
I'm pleasantly surprised. When I first saw the ad for it I expected a shoddy remake style thing, but now I will actually go see it
Am I the only one who noticed that the film just sorta stopped at the end leaving a whole bunch of unanswered questions? I'm starting to feel like I accidentally saw a completely different movie to everyone else
Do I need to watch the original or not
I can't wait for Death Day review.
I have never seen a movie twice in theaters, but with this one I might, especially since this movie isn't doing so well financially
Why don’t u show trailer anymore?
people say that you need to watch the first one to understand the new one
I loved how this movie explored other parts of Earth and managed to make each of those locations look unique.
Blade Runner, Ghost in the Shell, her, Ex Machina. So many similar concepts to 2049 have already been executed masterfully in previous films. The fact that 2049 can build on all those movies and still be new and original and as all around amazing as it was is astounding. Denis also said he originally wanted David Bowie to play Jared Leto's Wallace.
I could not fucking believe how good this was holy shit.
It’s sad that it’s going to be at box office bomb. It is a very beautiful film
I stopped this vid at phenomenal. Now i have to see it.
I have been waiting for a dune remake forever. I'm so glad that Deni is behind it. I saw it in his imdb a while back, and basically soiled my pants.
I like how you had to clarify that you like episode 7...like out of fear.
A good review for a good movie
Can imagine all the critics jerking off to the CGI/Cinematography
I doubt I like it, hating arrival and prisoners.\nI couldnt accept the logic of them.
I'm glad Blade Runner 2049 actually continues the story, building on themes and introducing new characters and settings within different situations. Too many people defend Force Awakens' copying the original as a way to introduce the audience back to the world! That's lazy storytelling and shows a lack of effort. Granted, it was better than garbage like Jurassic World, but I wanted to see a Star Wars film that continued the story. Not just merely an imitation of plot, aesthetic, technology, and characters.
But it ruined the original endiiiiing...
Saw it yesterday. Gave me some Deus Ex vibes.
Didn't even realize that it was Jered Leo till I saw the credits.
What did you think of the three short films as a prologue to this one?
Spoilers: Visually its a 10/10, but overall i cant justify a 9 or 10. Up until the part with Harrison Ford it was a masterpiece, but after that there was nothing of substance (aside from the plottwist). The climax wasn't satisfying and the ending didn't make sense (why didn't K seek medical attention first). Deckard meeting his daughter at the end defeats the purpose of  them trying to hide her (her finding out about her origin only endangers her). It definitely wasn't bad, but I just left the theater feeling kinda empty.
Its just children of men and her with a bladerunner label plastered on
If Denise Villanueve gets to direct a Dune film I'll probably see it five times in the theater
I'm glad that this wasn't shit.
This was an amazing movie. However I think it's getting fanboy-ed way hard on /r/movies.
Harrison Ford doesn't care about Star Wars. Blade Runner, I feel is more personal to him. \nAlso, really happy you enjoyed this one. You've said it in other reviews that you liked when the movie shows, and doesn't tell you what to think, and I feel for a lot of Ryan Golsing's role, it was just that...you could feel what he was feeling, without him every saying it outright. \n\nAlso, Deckard answers his own question. What am I to you? \nSometimes, you have to be a stranger if you love them. \n\nI think it was very easy to interpret that K (Joe) felt a sort of love at some point for him, just because of the memories. But it also could be something else entirely, but that's what made it good for me. This is one film I may go see again once the audience dies down.
I honestly found the first blade runner kind of dull, i liked it and thought it was well done, but it's not one i'd ever want to give a second watch, just watched to see what all the fuss was about
Villeneuve is so, *so* fucking good. I'm incredibly happy we have a director making big-budget movies that has that level of talent and integrity.
Easily the best film of the year. I've been thinking about Blade Runner 2049 since I last saw it on Thursday night, it truly is a phenomenal piece of work. Those 2 hours and 43 minutes flew by just like that! And for God's sake, somebody please give Roger Deakins his well deserved Oscar already!
Well, shit… I better watch this movie.
They censored the movie in my country, and did it in such a laughable fashion that I almost went berserk when I first noticed it. So, even though I want to watch it again, I'll probably have wait for the Blu-ray release. This is what happens when you live in a country that's ruled by a bunch of religious fucknuts.
can someone like me enjoy this without watching the original?
Please do a yms on the movie hell house from 2015
You should definitely do a YMS on the Cropsey incident
He gives it a 9/10.
Harrison Ford is definitely one of those actors who you can easily tell how much he really wants to be doing to the film, at least with his more recent work. With The Force Awakens, I definitely got the impression he was having fun which worked with the tone of the movie, but in this movie he's actually trying to make a real work of art. And now that I think about it, I really can't remember Harrison Ford really getting a lot of opportunities to do that in a long time.\n\nAs a whole though, I honestly believe Blade Runner 2049 is the best made movie ever. There are better overall movies, but when you look at all the technology and techniques that go into making a film, this really feels like the current high water mark.
Everything stated in this video I agree with. Thank you.
It was so fucking good.
So, in a sense 2049 is like Fury Road, in a sense that it's a soft reboot that expands on the original film and does every aspect of the original film much better?
I don't think I've ever seen Adam so hyped on a movie.
you do know that this movie is the third in the blade runner trilogy right...
I wish this movie was doing better in the box office. My only problems were the VO tracks and it's 3 fucking hour runtime.
I will say this. I am aware Jurassic World has problems but I can't help but love it. Sometimes I want a movie where it's nothing but fan service, but I welcome great sequels like this new bladerunner for sure. Great review Adam, I'll be sure to show support by getting my friends to go out and watch it
Finally, a film! Great review.
denis villeneuve can't make a bad movie
I'm watching this video literally after walking out of the theatre and watching the movie
Everybody see this. It needs your money.
While I appreciate the irony of the villain and the hero having not just the same goal but exactly the same agenda the plot just did just a few trite, overdone things but at such crucial moments. Love left K alive not once but twice and just stopped killing him halfway through for no reason! And then he dies anyhow like bleeding to death isn't a thing he should have been concerned about. Grrrr! On top of everyone pinning their hopes on this one golden child. As if they can just take the butterfly out of her glass jar, after spending a lifetime shoring up the system, and use her to bring it down. That puts all your eggs in a pretty delicate basket and there is zero chance Decker would allow that to happen in the first place. As you say, a visual feast, long but well paced, a great addition and perfect sequel, but the plot falls flat.
I know what I'm watching tomorrow.
Yms on It 2017? God I hate that movie...
Doing poorly at the box office, almost as if recently there was another futuristic cyberpunk film with androids and giant holograms, but it sucked and left a bad taste in everybody's mouth...
What do you think about orange and teal? And specifically do you think it was overused in BR2049 or was it tastefully? Every preview is orange and teal.
The visuals are amazing but I feel that the story is somewhat lacking, and it lost some of the atmosphere from the original. I definitely enjoyed it though.
In the hands of a less capable director and without the amazing visuals, I doubt anyone would actually give a fuck about this film's story. It was like the Spark Notes version of Blade Runner and held your hand so much it doesn't really leave any room for contemplation, interpretation or anything to pick up on from a second watch. It was the easily digestible version for popular appeal. Which, cool I guess. But 9/10? Really? Nothing but the visual direction really deserve that praise I feel.
5:08 his own version of Dune\n\nSTOP I CAN ONLY GET SO ERECT ITS GOING TO SNAP IN HALF
You ever gonna talk about IT (2017) ?
What a shallow analysis of Blade Runner (1982)
Saw this in IMAX today, and I just watched the best sci fi film ever made! Seriously....this is a landmark film for science fiction the same way The Exorcist was a landmark horror film. I feel like it's 1977, I'm 13 again, and I just saw Star Wars...only BLADE RUNNER 2049 is better....MOVIE OF THE YEAR.
PLEASE REVIEW IT (2017) (I don’t think it was all that great, so I want to know what you think Adum)
Ok I just watched it so here is my two cents personally the cinematography is amazing and the sound design/music is excellent (was watching it in IMAX so it was a billion times better) and like you said the visual effects in the film is beautiful and there very fitting for this film as well. However I might get hate on this there's something that feels missing for me in the story bear in mind I haven't watch the first one so I'm basing my judgement as a newcomer so don't crucify me like I feel there was something more the story could offer and some loose ends or was that the point I don't know but yeah I think there was something a bit iffy with the story for me\n\nAlso a lot of people are saying it is a masterpiece its your opinion and all but I personally don't see it as this as its very subjective and I don't think every film is a masterpiece or a perfect piece of art (yes people will not like this film its part of being human) anyway that its for me
why the fuck didn't this do well in the box office?
Gonna watch it in 3D.
I watched this film with a few of my cousins who all love the original Blade Runner and we all agreed that this film's runtime could have easily been cut in half at least. It was too long and there were entire chapters of the script that could have been removed without any loss to the story.
Dayum! I may have to crack and see this on the big screen after all...
Cool, now review the MLP Movie! If you feel like it.
How do you finish making an amazing movie, spend some time to promote it, take a break and then make another amazing movie all within the span of a year?? Seriously, it doesn't make any sense how Denis Villeneuve manages to grind out such amazing movies every fucking year!
Fun fact, there's like three movies before this from previous years(2048,2047..) made for television. This is the only one with a huge budget, famous actors and actually a theatre release.
I find how little I felt for anything happening on screen in this movie to be pretty depressing. I'm not sure why but Denis' scripts never do it for me, aside from Arrival but to me that film works because its premise is original and intriguing and Villeneuve has an excellent eye for aesthetic value and shot language, plus he usually works with talented actors who always give at least serviceable performances. This movie felt like a kind of a slog for me, mostly because the background visuals didn't leave much of an impression, despite being brilliantly rendered and expertly shot. I dunno, maybe I'm a sociopath. I mean I fucking laughed out loud when Luv smashed that iPod or whatever. Didn't give a fuck (And Her is one of my favorite movies). Though I can't watch Roy Batty's death speech without fucking crying so who knows?
Possibly the best movie of this year.
First \n\n\n\n\n\nFirst person shooters are still cool
I’m glad you love it. Personally, it’s one of the best sequels I’ve ever seen since Fury Road. I’ll give it a 10/10!
Yes! What a satisfying review. Just what I wanted to hear. I completely agree that it is a masterpiece, I will defintely be seeing it more than once at the theatre.
I'm not sure which is more surprising - that Hollywood made a really good sequel or that YMS uploaded twice in a day.
Even the possibility of a 10 from Adam Johnston says the movie is basically perfect.
I am fucking amazed that a movie that, at first glance, seems like yet another shitty nostalgia cash grab can earn a 9 from you - you hardly ever give out 9s.  I can't wait to see it.
While I liked the film and definitely thought every moment of the cinematography was fucking gorgeous, I still don't think that it was anywhere near as good as the first one. It just didn't make me think as much, and didn't have as many interesting points to make as the original. Also, another thing to point out is that like 90% of the cast was white. I think there were 2 black guys with lines and they were both weird shady stereo types. I'm also pretty sure that there was not ONE asian person in the whole film, excluding background extras. Pretty surprising considering the fact that the film has so many asian inspirited things like the city itself with all the Korean shit everywhere. Another issue is the fact that the female characters were suuuper lacklustre. The character with the most depth in the film was probably K (Joe)'s 'Joi' and she was just a plot device tbh. She wasn't even the femme fatale like Rachael in the first one. In my opinion it took a backward step from 1982. Just some pet peeves and something that could have been so easily prevented. For the record I give BR 2049 a 7/10, and the original Blade Runner a 9/10. Just those three little things in the new one probably would have bumped it up to a ten.\n\nThat's just my insight and I'm no professional film critic, but it'd be cool if you gave that a read.
As you wish
The plot sucked though.
And it fucking bombed.... cool
chulapa hermano que zave a chocolate
10 outa 10 easy
I understand where your coming from but I disagree on this movie.\n\nDon’t get me wrong, it got the soul of Blade Runner perfectly and if you just wanted it for the perfect cinematography, amazing sets and with a pretty decent plot stringing it along then go ahead, but it’s an incredibly flawed film. Which is appropriate I suppose.\n\nJoi for one thing was like something out of another movie that interrupted this one. Her scenes don’t give us amazing visuals, apart from showing off the special effects, don’t advance K’s character development in anyway that they couldn’t have done without dialogue and the payoff at the end feels unnecessary since the existential shock of the previous revelations were already enough. The only scene of hers that added to the film could have been moved to another without a problem. If anything it would have added to K’s character development if he had nothing outside his work, to show why he would jump at the chance to be special.\n\nThe bad guys simply cannot hold a candle to the original. Jared Leto still feels like a bad actor in this one which is sad but his intro scene has to be high up on the list of “tasteless, pointlessly cruel villain intro scenes”. I don’t remember the original needing to have Tyrell dissembowl a woman to tell us he’s the bad guy. He did that buy talking casually about manipulating with replicant minds for the sake of a better product. And Luv feels like she was suppose to be more important that she was. She is always crying, on the verge of a breakdown and can lie and deceive but nothing comes of it. She has no character growth, just being a “im the best” character. She could have been given something to pay off all the long staring shots of her crying face.\n\nThis movie also committed a crime that you hate: mini flashbacks to establish character thoughts. Remember the scene of K on a bridge? They could have just let the music and acting speak for themselves but no they had to add mini flashbacks to tell us what K has decided, like we are idiots who can’t figure it out.
Mostly loved it but nearing the end I kept thinking how convenient everything seemed to line up for the protagonist.  I also felt like there was an entire group of characters whose only purpose was to pop open the big reveal to Gosling after saving his ass (which I still can't figure out why he was spared), and then the entire group vanished for the rest of the film.  It made me think they were setting up a part 3.
I am very curious about the movie but kinda dont wanna go see it in theaters. I feel like supporting this movie would only further reinforce Hollywood's trend towards rebooting or making sequels of recognizable titles than explore new scripts or ideas. I'm honestly sick and tired of the regurgitation of movie ideas. I'll wait until I can torrent it. Sorry Denny, I've liked all your movies and think I would likely enjoy this one as well but fuck sequels and fuck Hollywood. Happy to give my money to the shit that was Mother! At least it was an original idea (regardless of how dumb it was).
do i hate mars bars
you just outed yourself as a major pleb who just can't stand anything before 2000. At least you're bold enough to actually state your opinion but holy shit the original went completely over your head if the sequel had to explain its themes to you in order for you to grasp them (which you call expanding). But yeah good sequel, 7/10
movie is misogynist as fuck
The judges were quite harsh, but Brendan had no excuse to act like such an ass. \nI don't think she's enjoying the competition at all, would probably be relieved to go out this week tbh.
Wooden horse comes to mind
Why the fluff is this 11 on trending
As a dancer Charlotte is being throne round by Brendon because she is doing everything really bad like her frame no offence but also Brendon was very rude to the judges !
She’s just shit
Charlotte looks like  a homeless Taylor swift
I apologize. Even though I'm a huge fan of the show, I don't know a lot about techniques of dancing and their names. What is a rise and fall? :)
She looks REALLY uncomftable
What's a rise and fall?
I don't see why people keep on hating on her 🤔 I know she's not the greatest dancer there but can't u see the improvement from last week. Brendon's answering back has just ruined it for her Because now she's caught up between the judges and Brendon disagreement .From now on I'm only expecting low scores and I literally feel so sorry for her 😩😭.i just hope that the judges give her a chance to boost her confidence like how she was like at the beginning of the show
They're through for another week
If this was a dance that required 'Rise and Fall' the judges would probably have said that it was non existent. Bruno is the arch exponent of rise and fall,  he can barely keep his posterior positioned on his chair.
I'm seriously annoyed with Brendan acting like that, saying Shirley doesn't know what she's talking about, but I suppose I shouldn't be surprised.
i'm going to be generous with my remarks here. Charlotte definitely gets nervous beforehand and that affects her ability to dance. I think she played the character of the Tango very well actually. my mark - 6.
DANGER ZONE!!!
Yeah, that foxtrot seems a million miles away now. She's just getting shoved around. Also, shut up Brendan. 3.0/10
everyone needs to put her out of her misery and not vote for her to stay another week.
Charlotte looked gorgeous but unfortunately she looked prettier then how she danced this was a hot mess 4/10
I think that the judges were fair and there was no need for Brendan to answer back to the HEAD judge like that. He was just dragging her across the floor. I didn't like it
Charlotte gets nervous ,she looked great,but I bet she doesn't like showing so much flesh..that effects her dance routines..I thought harshly marked as much improvement...up to judges to give her confidence not tear into her.judges you can tell have their favourites...strictly possibly coming to the end of its run now!
Brendan was disrespectful to Shirley. His choreography is not really that good nor is his teaching style. Remember what happened with Anastasia? He just couldn’t choreograph something that would make her shine or teach her basics. He gets sick and in come Gorka. He taught her and choreographed a beautiful routine which was her highest score. Brendan returns and they get eliminated. I think it’s time for him to go
Brendon said he messed up....where in the routine did he mess up?
Hm, I did like it though. Wasn't the best dance ever of course. But still enjoyable. I think the judges votes for them are more of a personal vote than a professional vote. They are really harsh on Charlotte, and also Brendan should better keep his mouth closed, it will only get his partner in trouble....
Beauty... But dead behind the eyes
Gosh i want her out, she's just not good
A nice girl but a little stiff in the hips.
No sense of rhythm.
Mr I Fancy Myself Strikes again I really hate him
Why is this on trending? #8
Brandon is known to be hotheaded but for her sake he needs to be carafull. It's all about her, not him.
Didn't enjoy this one. Charlotte just seemed awkward and uncomfortable through out. Also Brendan's comment was completely uncalled for. Well done to Bruno for calling him on it.
Firstly, Charlotte looks like a matured version of Taylor Swift. But quit trying to make her look sexy, Brendan. She's clearly not comfortable looking sexy. Somehow I felt she was not keeping to the steady tango walk (she went up and down against Brendan), I think she forgot to flex her knees. Not good still. 5
The problem with Brendan is that he is insufferable. Even if he is part of s fantastic dance I still don’t enjoy it.
Who else realises that Brendan has to make a speech every time him and his partner get slightly bad comments? - I can't be the only one. Right?\n\nBrendan was of course lying - that or he's a very bad choreographer. It had loads of rise and fall.
she looks gorgeous every week but my guess is she was terrified again because she looked joyless out there :(
Charlotte doesn't have the technique or is even entertaining on the dance floor.... it's normal that her scores are low same with Ruth p.ex Susan may not be a great dancer but you can see she's enjoying herself..I much rather watch a bad happy dancer than a train wreck :(
She didn't seem comfortable at all and there was almost no sticatto from Charlotte. She showed promise in Week 1, but I feel like she's only gonna shine in those Waltz-esque dances.\n\n4/10
terrble dragged around not good brendan was horrible to shirley 3/10
She has no personality... Such a boring contestant..
Change of the jacket and these two could easily play sandy and Danny 💙
She needs to feel more comfortable with Brendan, trust him and let him lead! Good week 1, but there is more improvement needed. 4/10
Brendan had a right to stick up for his partner.its only week three she never danced before(unlike some people on the show )u can tell sheirly dosnt like Brendan tentoin onto nights show proves it. Well done u to u can improve each week.xx
I congratulate her on coming back from last week's display, but the potential of her Foxtrot in week 1 is becoming a distant memory.If she survives this week, I hope she starts a) enjoying herself and b)discovering some performance skills and characterisation-I think that would help her actually and Brendan for that matter.
better than last week but there is still room for improvement
no offense but hopefully it's better in the dance off it should but if she isn't in the dance off she needs to come back strong better than last week but not good enough that motorbike looks expensive, 5
Wow nice cute but the best
Ah yes, there is a little rise and fall towards the end. Not down low enough and she is an awkward, self conscious dancer but maybe she can improve.
Dragged from pillar to post... poor girl. Nerves again got the better of her I think. Could have been dynamic and staccato with the right paring...\n\nI just don't think they are gelling at all. Charlotte looked MORTIFIED when Brendan had a go at Shirley... Not nice to watch on an entertainment show. These two clearly have beef off-set. We the public don't want or need to see that.\n\nI hope they go tonight, getting unpleasant again (he was ott on 'It Takes Two' last week.) sadly and no-one should display the anger that Brendan did there... poor. Bring on Neil next year and get rid of Brendan.
A little improvement. Needs a little bit more improvement to get to week 4. 3
Unfortunately, this dance didn't suit her. Her posture and her frame were bad. Her footwork was bad - no heel leads at all. In addition, there was no emotion, she didn't portrayed the character of this dance... she looked  cold and even nervous.... the choreography was great, her musicality was excellent and her standing spin was very good, but the rest of the dance (in terms of hold, posture, technique and performance) were disappointing. A 5.
I protect these two so much, Shirley may have been right about the rise and fall but no need to tear the poor girl to shreds. Feel like the judges have it in for team Charcole, Craig was actually the nicest! Well, despite it being 3rd from bottom, a HUGE improvement on last week, well done! Just keep building that confidence up, fingers crossed for team Charcole!
Awful he had to drag her to keep her frame up . And Brendan giving flack to Shirley since she started can he not take being judged by a woman? His snarky comments help no one especially Charlotte
I'm disappointed. I said she'll pull it back with some ballroom this week, guess I was wrong. She could be in trouble. Not good. 4.
I wish the judges would stop being so harsh and having favourites!!! The dance was brilliant - I enjoyed it and I'm sure all #TeamCharcole fans enjoyed it as well!
So glad Bruno backed Shirley Ballas and told Brendan where to shove it. Utterly disrespectful, he's always had such an anger problem.
this is disappointing i thought after her first dance she showed promise and potential but these last 2 dances have not been good she's in danger tomorrow i think Charlotte and Rev Richard will be in the dance off
Can I get a thumbs up here folks? Hey @BBCStrictly - you know what makes for uncomfortable television? Not watching poor old Charlotte plod around the floor - but watching that angry, narcissist Brendan Cole. He can't take a woman judging him, especially one that knows more about dancing than he ever will and that also beat him to the judging position he wanted. He's rude, disrespectul, takes himself waaaay too seriously and should be warned that if he keeps this up he'll be off the show. Nobody wants to watch this angry man bring the show down. Tell him to shut it - or leave.
This had rise and fall, and her frame was not strong enough. 4/10.
Most gallant of Brendan to defend his partner.  Especially considering that the head judge has a tendency to mark down the female contestants.
How is this trending 😂😂
Terrible dance and she's getting dragged across the floor! Also Brendan's attitude needs to be sorted, it's a competition but at the end of the day it's a bit of fun. He takes it too seriously, that's not what dancing is about!
Welcome back old Brendan! We didn't miss you.
Wasn't impressed last week but was a big improvement however the judges were too harsh on Brendan but his comments weren't appreciated\n5
I no longer live where I can watch this live and am limited to the videos that are posted here on youtube.  A lot of the comments mention Brendan's comments.  What happened???
Feel like Charlotte and Brendan don't get along... he takes it way to seriously and needs to relax a bit.  You can tell she is so tense especially when getting the scores
Brendan needs to learn to shut his mouth
WHO IS HERE JUST TO SEE IF SHIRLEY WAS RIGHT ABOUT THE RISE AND FALL LOL
I'm actually on Brendan's side with the whole Brendan and Shirley conflict! I like how he defends himself. Not a huge fan of Shirley
I can understand why the rise and fall was there. If you look closely, you can see it's because she keeps quite low while moving in hold. When she straightens up in the dance to pose and because of her height it looks like a rise. I think Shirley is waay too harsh.
i bet this guy thought he was rick
This isn't funny, He was trying to act cool by running towards the shooter but he could have gotten seriously injured or shot in the head.
It would have been more impressive if he didn't have his buddy filming his hero moment. Still though, I can't say that I would have been within 10 miles of the Mandalay Bay when that was going on.
Would've at least made me stop dissing on his Instagram page if he went back and hauled the injured on stretchers instead
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas.
Nobody likes a devil worshiper. Also one who lies whilst trying to act tough. Badass? Hes a prick! Funnily enough, last week when i said this my website and company got pulled and raided. Hes a shill fuck whos daddy was a thief and left him millions and now he action cunts about being this type of a twat
Oh my god😢,what a faggit, everyone what a faggit
Entered The NAVY SEAL in 2000, however was dropped due to a ‘safety violation on the shooting range’ .... sure give him a gun. Not.
How come the bump fire shots sound like two at the same time, if there is only one shooter...the recoil would make those rifles hit the ceiling?
Coyote Peterson here and were about to enter the lead zone
And the camera man
This guy is a fucking asshat. So into himself it's sickening.
Sounds like his Bitch Pig Ass jus got Dissed, and put in his Bitch- Pig Place! Tryin to get views by keepin the cam rollin. Obvious!
This is fucking hilarious 😆 this Dan Blizarirababgdhhdhhgan guy is a fucking retard on so many levels. Fails to become Navy Seal becomes elite status man whore, takes himself the time to film himself selfie style running away saying girl just got shit in head like someone with the intelligence of a 9 year old would do, probably felt guilty or stupid bout that than thought hey I could go kill this terrorist I’ll get so many views and likes on Instagram and people will forget I ran away super fast at first like a coward, he officer gimme one of your guns I know I’m a total stranger but I feel like in a movie in this type of situation the cop would give a guy like me a gun so yeah whatta say “get the fuck away from me”
I think its okay that he whanted to help, you dont know if he's super good.
LOL this guys a joke....this guy thinks he's in Die hard LOL
This is the only time I've ever wished the death toll hit 60
Would have been a better hero if he ran away from the shooter so he doesn't get in the way of officer's trying to defuse the situation.
damn, out of all the people Paddock shot Dan wasnt one of them... really unfortunate
Looks like a ANTIFA supporter with black op funding!! The ruling class off pedo war mongers are just laughing, as their plans fall into place! Devide and conquer its always been sych a affective tactic thru out history!\n They are the ones we should be going after, the sick old cunt who serve NO PURPOSE on this planet! Never contributed anything to society and now with these so called vegas shooting and these tranny safe sace cuck antifa are purely off design. What will happen is a shooting will take place at one off these rallys killing libtards and antifa supporters and will blame the Patriots for it.\n Guns will be on the cards disarming is coming just like what they did here in Australia with the false flad port Aurther shooting allowing for all auto firearms to he handed back! Arm up ammo up now its coming the time is now...good luck my patrotic friends......
Being a badass doesn’t mean being a dickhead and trying to be the hero 😂
I like how over 1.9M people have watched just how much of a shitbag idiot this guy is.\n\nYour time is over bud.\nYou’re done.
Stick to paying prostitutes to pretend they like you, tosser.
Officer im a trained marine-delta-seal give me your gun.
What a fucking idiot. Fits right into that country now that I think about it.
**sum up America in 1 video**
His a fucking nigger thats all
What's pathetic is he actually put someone else's life in incredible danger by telling the guy to follow him and record him..(only so he could hide behind a cement barrier that he knew was already there) *What a phony*
I'll show you my cred's, states the superhero embezzler Dan Bilzerian, right before the cop says, I don't know who the fuck you are.  PRICELESS!
He was gonna go up to the shooter and say man think about your family don't hurt these innocent people you can be a better person
i bet he ddnt hear the fucking crack
This isn't a video game Dan !!
That is awesome. Great job Dan, great job!
he should use his hookers as a shield
the scene begins much like that scene in B V S where batman is running into the smoke
I disliked because of bilzerian being a fake obviously that's all he is
I dont understand this description, in what way will it create discussion(and I mean like proper debate not Youtube comments)? Why should I be questioning if this man is a coward or not? All he does in this video is run to a barrier that isn't within range of the shooter and ask something of the cop to which the cop responds with ' I don't care, fuck off'.  All he did was distract and piss a cop off, there is no bravery/heroism/cowardice in this, just stupidity. I would not like to see what would happen if he  already had a gun since he utterly failed  to covince the cop for one.
He Is a pussy
Fucking narcissistic idiot. Made sure one of his sluts videotaped him putting her in harms way too
Always knew he was a complete fake, and a tosser to boot.
None of us know who this re-turd is! Not just that fucking cop!
This fucking faggot needs a bullet in the head
Okay i get it was a stupid thing to do. But Dan has been in the military and practice shooting. He just tried to help.
what a tool...what the hell is he playing Gunfight at the OK Mandalay Bay Corral?
I just came here to dislike and leave till next time
Why has this been trending for so long and why isn't every big YouTuber ripping this guy to shit? This dude is a fuckin disgrace and should be exposed for such a low life attention grab.
I saw this bastard on cr1tical channel. Fuck this man. This is the second time I've heard about this guy but I hoped the shooter would've gotten him too and make it 60.
Jesus Campos, a  Mandalay Hotel security guard wounded when he approached Stephen Paddock’s room on Sunday night is being credited with distracting the gunman, possibly stopping him from continuing to shoot at crowds on the Las Vegas Strip, 32 floors below. After being shot he doorknocked the 32nd floor telling people to leave.\nhttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/mandalay-bay-security-guard-jesus-campos-distracting-las-vegas-shooter-2017-10?op=1&r=US&IR=T
Here film me while I inflate my ego. \n\nYou're a egotistical narcissistic tosser.
This guy is dumb. This is a domestic incident not a warzone....you can't just blindly engage the hotel from the ground with a rifle. There's people in there!! I'm all for a good guy with a gun stopping a bad guy with a gun but that wasn't possible in this case. The only way to stop this was to locate the room the shooting was coming from and sending the SWAT team in. If I had been this guy, I would be asking how I could help and where is help needed. You can't just impersonate a police officer and demand him to give you his gun. Unless you have a sniper rifle and a clear shot of the shooter from the ground, you put lives at risk by blindly firing at the hotel.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
LMAO even though this further shows/proves alot(Choco fam ya'll should catch it) this shit still has me legitimately laughing.This Clip has better replay value than some movies lol
This guy and the camera guy are absolutely nuts and dickheads. What would they think if got shot and were in hospital after! “Oh my god, if I wasn’t there, then I would have been alive” this idiot ain’t thinking is he, bunch idiots. RIP to those people who got shot.🙏🏼🌹🌷
It's the actions of a delusional idiot. Which we already knew Dan was.
They don't teach this to the police academy, telling him to fuck off is a perfect answer.
The fact they put their full name in the title, like we should know who they are, shows just how narcissistic this guy is.
Dan has zero training, has no place being there. He's looking for a pat on the back, when he deserves a kick in the ass
How anyone can be a fan of this guy amazes me what a fucking idiot that cop should of knocked him out
The arrogance of the dude is mind blowing
This piece of shit needs more dislikes. 600 casualties and it seemed like a good idea to upload this video for attention? Fukker.
C R I N G E
Has hundreds of guns doesn't have one when he needs it. American get smart and ban guns
Nice video, is it ok if i add this to the Try not to cringe compilation im working on? ☺
too bad the shooter didn't get him
Dan. No one cares about you, especially those who lost loved ones. Your pictures and videos are cool, but your followers have no meaningful relation to you. No. One. Cares.
Funny keep it up dan!
please give us back those good people who were killed take this douchebag instead
Hero dan bilzerian
What a dumbass....
Cringe
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCm9OtURITj_V74leqpu3zGA
Worracunt
who in theworld is dan blizerian?
Haha what a flog!!!
Overrated
Cousin of Donald dotard !!!!!
Lemme borrow your gun real quick officer, I can 360 jumpshot noscope this guy.
Jajajaja so retard...
JROTC niggas when they hear gunshots
running for cover
What a douche bag
Punk azz bitch
Cop is shit  scared .How reassuring
Badass? More like, just BAD or sumpthin tssk tssk
Why so many dislikes?
What a fucking retard
Wtf
Wow the dislike button works
Nice try tho 😂
Clown
http://ecut.it/9UrItgt
This is cringe.
proof nasa is fake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voi7KSTvJSQ
What a retard lmfao.
What a cunt.
How come everyone has disliked this? I don’t get it. Someone’s pls explain
So fake af. False Flag
Wasn't this the dude that went through SEAL training twice or something? -__-
This dude is delusional fake super navy seal poker player don't even talk about being a seal if u don't finish buds... Just because you have a billion dollars and a gun doesn't mean your special when things get real dan
This guy was really dumb. I heard something about his trying out for seals and failed. Stop trying to be one. You failed. I have four uncles that were. Someone even said he had the training for certain situations like this. If he failed seal training and he's not swat he dose not have the training.
I can relate so much to this. Some of my struggles:\n- 100% side sleeper, earphone digs into my skull (I should get softer pillows). Headphones are even worse, unless I sleep with the bottom speaker off my ear. \n-screen is too bright even at min brightness and using twilight filter at 90%.\n- YouTube is greedy so I can't turn off screen while video is playing. (Solution: use Newpipe)\n- volume too high even at min setting (crappy budget phone. Never again)\n\nReally fun video darling!
Taylor does it again! Such a great & hilarious video!!
When it zooms in on Brittney's face tho xD \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nsorry i'll stop commenting ;-;
Hi one more comment this video really explains me lol  this is what I go through all the time
Probably the most relatable video I've ever watched
Lol, this is hysterical and so relatable!
I only watch ASMR roleplays to relax during the day, when I want to sleep, I listen to guided meditation videos or rain and thunderstorm videos, close my eyes, and turn the phone upside down on my bed.
Stop no no no your trying way to hard to be funny and it's just cringy
I don’t really care if my friends know I watch asmr I tell them I watch hentai for shits and giggles
I relate to ALL of these 😭😭
I wake up with my headphones tangled around my neck smh bout to strangle myself at night
My struggle is ASMR itself and I feel like dying when I hear it.
Gurllllllll congratulations you made on trending and this DEADASS describes ME AF 💀💀💀
Well I’m always strangled by my earphones when I wake up
I have watch thiw like 2x for know
She tryna catch PJ's shaft or what?
clicked on the video to find out what ASMR stands for goddamit. still don’t know
It's even worse when you have someone snoring beside you or they decide to complain about you watching and keeping them up with the light from the screen
I know why its cuz its the only one that don't give people crippling depression and its the only one that I find decent.
Lol this was so on point!! Great video!!
taylor is such a pure bean oml
What the hell is this unfunny, unoriginal bullshit, and why is it on trending.
Hahaha, for serious! The commercial interruptions are the WORST!
First video of hers that I've heard her speak normally in
Motherfricker. I actually have to go without my headphones and I pay to get no commercials.
The one with the ad is the best
Hey woah watch your language I am a child of god
I love how your breath smells in the morning.
The last one hit me so hard, I have had so many fave vids deleted :'(
I got all these problems but the headphones one bothers me the most cuz I get tangled in them
When you have an iPhone 7 plus so you're fucked in between the decision of charging your phone or asmr. Little do you know I chose asmr each time 💀
can you do a tapping video with the hair spray
Sorry, can't relate; except for the 'missing headphones' scanario. I usually just listen to asmr with the screen underneath and I use a timer on my phone so it automatically shuts down youtube.
The first one is so truuuu
If you don't want your phone to keep playing videos all night all you have to do it turn off autoplay\nThat what I did anyway
Very relatable. Although I've never heard loud ads, I'm a heavy sleeper.
That was funny good one 😁
When you said stupid homework I thought you said stupid old wreck\nShould finish it though\nI was like what!?
*whispers in ear* oh mama that must feels so amazing
You forgot when your mom walks in to the room \nAnd starts shouting
How can this be on #20 on Trending - for almost two days no less, when I can name a handful of videos published in the past 5 hours that have reached almost 2 million already?! Youtube is dying man. Corrupt.
M O T H E R F R I C K E R W H E R E A R E M Y H E A D P H O N E S
This video was so cute!!! I love how personable you get with us :)
THE COMMERCIAL ONE IS MY LIFE
XDDDD THE SLEEP AND AD IS ME AND THE CHARGER AND SCHOOL XDDD
She gets on trending a lot.
Every time I slept with my earbuds I always woke up because I was being choked by them
That is me every evening and morning.
That’s why I’m wearing Bluetooth yeahhhhh boiiiiiiii
*DO YOU BELIEVE IN GETTING THE BEST KIND OF CAR INSURANCE?*
My problem is I always fight sleep when watching asmr bc I wanna watch other asmr videos and then I keep browsing and then it's like 3 AM and I started watching asmr at like 11 and it's like ok then.
This reminds me I have to clean my room cuz it's been like forever . Dude I juST GOT RELAXED TO
On time I was listening on my computer cuz I didn't have phone then so when I was about to play a game my earbuds were out and I was with my sister then asmr started playing and I'm just like 😳
m o t h e r f r i c k e r
Or when the video gets age restricted😑. Oh and when ever commercials come on, it’s just terrible😂
My stryggle of watching asmr is when my mom come to my room when i was watching asmr lol... i am so ashamed
ASMR Darling? On trending??? \n\n\n\n\nTo good to be true!
Liked it because I'm glad channels are still keeping it PG
The main issues I have watching ASMR:\n\n1. Charging cable not being long enough and I want to lay on my other side.\n\n2. Starting to fall asleep and dropping the phone on your face.\n\n3. Falling asleep to asmr and waking up in the middle of the night finding some really weird video playing due to the up next feature on YouTube.\n\n4. Losing your phone in bed with you because you fell asleep with it and pushed it around in the sheets somewhere, sometimes even off the bed and you panic to find it in the morning.
Like a quarter of this video is her finding the right position to watch lol
Top 21 trending
Trending!
21 in trending! Good job!!!
All!!!!! Hahahhahaah relate
1000000 view
Why are we all whispering?
Sad
This OMG LOL WTF video \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n😂😂😂😂😂👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌XD.   Xd.  XD.        Sample text
1 million views!
Omg I crap my pants EVERYTIME an advertisement comes on after an asmr
This is so relatable 😂😂😂
*21 on trending!*
When she said\n “Mother Fricker” I lmao😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Notification Squadddddddddddd
“Motherfricker” 😂😒
Congrats on 20 trending video
Hahahaha, WASTED!
Soo good and relatable
cringey ._.
mother fricker
Wtf is Asmr
That wasted meme tho
Literaly
TRENDING
Awesome video!
All true lol
your so funny and adorable XD
Sorry dennis
pj is my fav
What is ASMR?
#20 on trending gurl yasss
OMG THIS IS SO RELATABLE❤️
This so SOOOO ACURATE
OMG #21 ON TRENDING YESSS GO ASMR COMMUNITY
OMG CONGRATS ON 1 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!!!!!!!!!!<3
999K views… so close
_MOTHER FRICKER_
lol you're #20 on trending
mother freaker im dead XDD LMAO
Dang 20 on trending
Idris makes the foot fetish seem cool.
idris released Kate's hands because he communicates by gesturing
Graham, don't drink your wine! There's a fly!
All three are great actors!!! 🔥🔥🔥
What the... did Kate Winslet get...... hotter?
Kate is so gorgeous
I want to suck your toes Kate
In the comment section: foot folk.
just watched their movie , I am yet to recover from that love scene where Ben(Idris) sweeps Alex(Kate) off her feet to bring her to bed, so perfectly savage
Now I'm picturing Idris doing things to my feet.....
well. if idris has a foot fetish, i guess now i have a foot fetish
0:06 There is a giant fly getting drunk off of Graham Norton's drink just over his left shoulder.
I to have a foot fetish ha
Can you imagine Chris Rock is 7 years older than Idris Elba
Well.. Idris Elba is younger than Chris Rock..
Chris Rock is looking good.
Having a foot fetish is no longer creepy now a famous rich black man likes feet
Poor old Idris clearly nervous about  the sex scene and promoting this movie, Kate bailed him out with a story about a foot fetish
Stringer Bell does it again. \nIdris is the coolest.
Shoutout to all the ladies getting a pedicure after this.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
https://psychedelicsociety.org.uk/petitions/relegalise-mushrooms?source=fb-2017-09-15
*Movie guy voice* Chris Rock, Idris Elba in: Brokeblack Mountain.
I thought i was the only one with a foot fetish
I would never have guessed that Chris is older than Idris.
im so glad luther is returning for season 5
The guy literally directed a short for Sky which was centred around a woman and her love of shoes because he likes feet that much. The signs are all there haha
Idris I want your baby
Did anyone else search Kate Winslet feet before the video even finished playing?
Bet he dose you know how them black men get around white women
He's going to get so many feet pics slid into his dm
I can not say  it often enough - I LOVE  Idris
If you don't know what Chris Rock meant by 'Hammertime' watch this and all will be revealed https://youtu.be/NP7_SIRfo-c
I think Kate Winslet is a bit of diva.
You can tell Idris can't stand Kate and to tell her to keep her socks on really shows the lack of chemistry considering he loves nice feet. From how bossy Kate is I can tell why he doesn't like her.
These 3 had brilliant chemistry together
Am I the only one who's embarrassed of having a foot fetish? 😔
I love Kate's hair!!!!
Ok I already liked Elba as an actor, but I just noticed his hand tattoo I totally didn't know he had, just hours after I got my hand tattoo aaand he just admitted havin a foot fetish, which I also have, on national tv looking cool as hell, Elba just turned into one of my fav celebrities lol
“You know how I feel about feet!” “Bunion” - Junior Soprano
''Hi Guys I'm Karlie Kloss and I've just create-----A WEBSITE?? YES!! WE KNOW!! WE ALL KNOW!!! CONGRATULATONS!!!!  WOW!! GO YOU !! CREATING A WEBSITE?? WHATEVER NEXT!!
i really don't why there are fly's in the studio 0:08 graham's glass ...
I thought that was madonna
Has Winslet done surgeries on her face? I didn't recognize her to begin with!
Idris is a foot guy - YUP we're meant to be ;) LERVE Kate Winslet and Chris Rock!!
Am the only one around here who noticed the fly in Graham's wine?
The non-verbal communication between Idris and Kate is interesting... she grabs his hand and he does pull away...
I've just done films with a lot of guys.\nTHAT'S NO EXCUSE!\nOkie dokie, that's beautiful.
Love Kate and Idris. Not being nasty but Kate looks so tired eyes here, prob jet lagged! Wondering why she chose those tights too.... sorry Kate but you look silly in those tights. Idris is a dish 😍🤣
0:06 Man, that's a huge housefly! Someone's getting a reprimand!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6PGqRZulBM
Kate winslet mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
i dunno...still think Idris is faking that accent...
There's a fly in Graham Norton's wine glass at 0.07
Idris: I've done a lot of films where there are a lot of guys.\nChris Rock: That's no excuse.  \n\nSmart and funny - LOL!
Guys, he's only human
Idris is my boy and Kate looks great. Chris is the one true rock.
there´s a fly on Graham´s glass
Good lad get on dem feeeeet
😂😂😂
Idris 💙
Ewww nasty
Just found out Chris Rock is 52 years old. Bit of a shock for me.
There's this one shower scene though...Loni can tell you all about it.
Chris Rock is 52 years old
Hey, there's a thing I and Idris Elba have in common.
Off topic, I had no clue that Idris Elba appeared in Space Precinct.
I guess it's not cheating if she has her socks on. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
That's no excuse lmao I crying
I'm a simple person. I see Idris, I click.
how is the title different in the sub list than this screen.
Anyone else notice the fly on Graham’s glass?
Omg the things I would do to Kate.
Thank god he doesnt have an armpit fetish like some weirdoes. A feet fetish is harmless enough, I guess
i love feet and i guess i can understand why he didnt want to see her's , it would be to distracting/arousing
Chris Rock is 52
Idris Elba 😍
http://colonizer.creativerobot.co/visit/?player=3B2E6PR0346HGZ3OXU73
Hahah Eddie Murphy Boomerang Film check it out.
Kate fine as HELL... 🔥 🔥
Hammertime feet - Yes Chris! Boomerang reference!
Titanic, Quills, Little Children, The Reader.. I'm sure I'm missing a few
🔥Become super Beautiful 🔥 \nhttps://youtu.be/Kuyz4jlA8HI\n⚡⚡🔥🔥🔥⚡⚡🔥🔥🔥⚡⚡
SHE. DID. THAT.
Green Lantern!!!!
I love Kate
Winslet is great.
Kate (Rose) you had enough room to get Leo (Jack) on that damn door in Titanic Jack didn't have to die dammit.
I respect Idris Alba even more now..\nUs feet lovers have to stick together lol
I bet he has another foot in his trousers.
Idris and Chris can broke black mountain!!! :)
just took my socks off!  c;mon Idris!  Im waiting!
*_And on this day Idris Elba's Twitter account got flooded with pics of women's bare feet._*  #IdrisElbaHasAFootFetish 😁 😍 💕 ❤
I can not date a woman with feet i dont LIKE ....i dont care how amazing her face or body is
Chris rock just announced he likes men 😂
I hate Idris Elba ever since he came on the office. He's not even a popular actor and has failed in all his mainstream movies.
Idris Elba should be the next Bond. Who's with me?
Always thought there was something wrong with that coon
How these untalented low IQ negroes got all these jobs. Sad. Sad and you can read that sadness  on these white people's eyes. What thell we doing to our society
Why hasn't Idris done many love scenes?\n\nPerhaps because he's black and and the only people who want to watch negro and white woman get intimate are degenerate SJWs and Jews.
He is on some serious shit....next rehab me thinks
hhahaahhahah *more like 365 of pre teens being arouosed by your hideous shits you call 'songs'*
He's blogs ain't even that good anymore
I CALL THE POLICE NOW
I can't buy merch its way to expensive :(:(:(:(
chose me as I have just started a channel and been with jake since day 1 I am your biggest fan
This video is still on trending? Wow 🤔🙄😑
He's such a tool.
365 day of acting fake as paul
Fucking hell, was he born with his head up his ass?
Why is this trending in my country again?
Did anyone notice the balloons said 356
This guy still gets attention, wow
Apollo is so big
who's been a jake paul since day 1?!?!
I can't get the merchant but I'll do anything to get it 😂
If this gets 1000 likes I will eat one of jake Paul’s shirts and film it
Jake Paul\nIs\nA\nFaggot
He's just jealous to his brother
350 of these and u still havent quit
What a fart sucker you are right now compared to a year ago. You went from Casey Neistat wannabe to Kramer at Laugh Factory
Jake Paul knows how to have a good time.
Don’t have money 😫🤷‍♀️
This literally makes me want to hang my self with my headphone cord
Ik this isnt involving the real one but I hope this rewind for YouTube will be good tbh...2013 and 2014 rewind were the best IMO! WHO ELSE!?!?!?
I couldn’t make it past the first 30 seconds.
Can I have the camara
I thought Jake Paul was dead. 😞
Jake my mom said she will buy me the Merch on Thursday
Hey and welcome to another one shitty video of our good fake friend jake Paul
Hello welcome today we have free bleach don't be afraid to take it.
Wow I've been watching his Volga for 8 months now!!!
Why do you have to be so fucking loud??
Y is this cancerous shit on trending?????
The Dumbing Down of America is Complete.
Holy fucking shit it's a 22 year old Donald trump
Roman Atwood should of killed Jake
When this is trending but H3H3s video isn't complete bullshit fuck Jake Paul And a his autistic dick rideing fans smh
i thought it's bad luck for a umbrella to be open indoors?
Me I've seen all I love your vids \nYou all are so cool you make me smile when am sad(:
How does this go on trending but idubbbz Content cop doesn't??
Check your oldest video idiot 3 years
I subscribed your the best
I will be subbing tp everyone that sub to me. Reply done.
the typical dirty, loud and stupid american😕
I'm a fan of your shows and your videos too!!!!!!!!!!!!!🎆🎆🎆🎎
FUCKING JAKE PAUL IS ON TRENDING?!?! WHAT IS THIS FUCKERY
F U C K I N G C L O W N W O R L D
Is this a way to make people drink bleach
That was the most annoying intro I ever heard. Jesus Christ thanks for the ear infection.
It’s 365 days of vlogging also its 365 days of getting cringier
Jake Paul gets trending, I   l already been saying Illuminati is real, Jake Paul is their new lamb.  Dumb shit all over youtube
I can't afford jake Paul merch to enter 😓😕😔
Honestly, who the hell is going to watch like 30 minutes of a fucking child screaming
I'm in the contest I already bout march
Go back to vine
Would anyone help by giving me subs and liking my vids
Holy shit why have so many retards liked this video
Jake is a risk taker
365 days of being an ugly piece of shit!
The day that Megan was assaulted?\n\n\n\n\nYeah that's BS with BS evidence.
Please stop hating on him
Hitler should've wiped out his great great great grandparents during the Holocaust to prevent jakey from existing. Anymore ideas?
everybody million Disney Channel
autism
Stop copying your brother
nigahiga copy
Suck a dick
3 year anniversary
I dont like his yelling
Fucking click bait
Wanna do fuck?
365 days of ignorance
No one cares
The 3 ceps moving
First 1,000,000
Nigger
INCREDIABLE!!!!!!!
Kys
#20 on trending 🙄
Uglyass
Just looking for Nick Crompton
*kys*
I am a   loganster
Irrelevant
U r a fgt
Please me
Stop
Jake you're awesome
cringiest youtuber of all time holy fuck
I love you
Stop you fucking fagget
I can sleep everyday
YASSSSSSSS ONE YEAR DADDY!!!!!!😄
Kys
WHERE'S THE GUCCI MAINE VIDIEO?? 🤔🤦‍♀️🤦‍♂️
so *ANNOYING*
At start the balloons say 356
please take me& my sis to L A we didn't do anything to deserve it but my sister vlogges hoping someday she can be like you entertaining the world and helping it threw tough times and meet you
Why was the 5 and 6 balloons the wrong way round
Hope Scotland qualify from an Englishman
That keeper playing in the Matrix
Consider a fact: a Serbian guy send off Slovakian player in both match against England and against Scotland. We must play in ten to lose tightly.
Robert mak stuped this is not greek league
I've half Slovakian so idk what to say here :/
Great football from scotland passion and heart. Respect from england. Now join us in russia u deserve too.
Wish Scotland would stop playing in those poofy pink shirts. Hardly a tough image.
well done Scotland! amazing experience as away supporter. best away trip I`ve ever been to. thanks to Slovak boys for fighting in 10 for 70mins. Shame on you Mak! Do not cheat!
Good luck to Scotland as an england fan
Subscribe to me and stay active 👍comment done 😅 I WILL RETURN AND STAY ACTIVE 😃
scotlands central defence represented by hearts and Blackburn omg thank god we,re not going to the world cup the goal difference would read for nil conced 35 after the group games
Every1 criticising the guy who dived, fair enough but the Slovakian goalie played insane.
England and Slovakia will make it to the World Cup from group C.Scotland will struggle at Slovenia and Slovakia will definately beat Malta
Tht late goal made it the 40\nMin wait to get out   Asda car park worth it haha
Today Scotland will pay Slovenia cause they know that Slovakia will win so they are out of play and they will let Scotland win...sadly
We have some of the most passionate fans in football. Just please don't bottle it in Slovenia
COME ON YOU BOYS IN PINK!!!!!!! #SCOTLANDSPINKARMY
Good decision by a reff!!
Frrrreeeeeeeddddddoooooom i can say it because im Scottish
outside the box thats a free kick,if its a foul its a foul, his point is right, thats a free kick so why no pen
Proud to be scottish 🔵⚪💪now on to Slovenia #believe
From an Englishman one more games lad's you can do it!!!!!!! See you in Russia.
Shiteland third place
Hahahahaha. Still laughing to myself
Maddd
Not a fan of that pink kit. They should use black and / or yellow.
I'm just here to see the Scottish Fans freaking out completely. Hope to see you at WC18.\nBest wishes from Germany.
Wow, Scotland actually got a chance to go to the World Cup, what a time to be alive...
Who else was there?
Got to love Scotland! Defo be supporting them over England if they make it... coming from an Englishman (with Scottish family ties)
if scoltand qualify to the world cup, they will be in brazil group, thats always happens.
My friends went to see it! In wembley
That boy from coldplay sure can shoot!
Scotland playing amazing keep it up boys.
It would be really cool if wales,england and scotland all qualify for the wc
Really Good Match To Watch..
What a game. Should have watched this one
Such a great match and better than a grand football final 😱😱
Wish England had this passion.
So many nice shots, but eventually get such a weird goal,
Excellent keep up the good work!
What's with the faggy pink shirts?
Well done once again for fighting hard scottish boys just hope we now can get a win over in Slovenia be tough game but canny fault the effort from the scotland team
whatever happens,so proud of my country tonight,Benidorm erupted when the goal went in,nice end to a holiday!
Man off the match is the fans xd
As Gordon Strachan said, \n\nTheir goalkeeper played brilliant, as did the crossbar.
Hi guys can everyone check out my little boys football channel if you like subscribe thank you
Unlucky, own goal at the end
Scotland will go in playoff because our retarded coach fafanec will lose on purpose. Fortunately he will be gone after this match and hopefully never seen again. At least it's a safe bet who bets on football.
I was tearing my hair out with 10 minutes to go ,the amount of times I have seen that with Scotland needing the win and coming so close chance after chance but the ball wouldn't go in the net at the 84 minute mark I just decided Scotland are cursed that's it end of ! And then that goal goes in Jesus Christ hahaha you stress me out Scotland but I love you surley we can do it now !!
We’re on our way mon eh Scots
You have great fans !\nBravo Bravo Bravo Scotland ! \n   With the victory !\n\n\n                                 Scotland Thank you very much for the beautiful game !
Cmon SCOTLAND 👍🏻
Please please please win today boys.
good job scotland
Not Fair for goalkeeper..
Goal at 5:25
Celtic v dudee 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚6-1 celtic
What a goalkeeper💗
Chrissy martin 😊\nYou rams !!
We will def beat Slovinia 0-2 mooooonnn boys
why pink... why... FORZA SCOTLAND!!!!!!
So.... Congratulation from Slovakia.
Scotland deserved it
Well done mini terriers
Yaaaaaaaaas!
I hate yet rate Skrtel.  Very tough streetwise player.
https://youtu.be/Zo8I_gC6sSM
On ye go boys!
FIFA Keeper
Cmon Scotland!
Strong play
Slovakia goalkeeper is hero ❤🔝
strange how it was only weiss that got booed for slovakia
That goalkeeper is world class
Congratulations from Serbia
Slovakia beast win with malta and rusia is open but scotlan dont win with slovenia
Why is Scotland in pink? I've never seen that before. Also I'm very impressed with that Coldplay singer - didn't know he could play like that! ;p
Holland guy here. We miss that passion and willing to win!
Who is the child that keeps whistling?\nNeeds a dunt with an elbow.
Best fans in the world so much passion from Scotland the English have nothing like this so sad !!😎😛
I'm English but support Scotland and Wales more - their team's passion is real
Can we do it!? Should never have let England off the hook.
answer me this, was that bad or was that crap
You have to play Slovenia in Slovenia and win because Slovakia will beat Malta. That will be very difficult Slovenia are a solid team. Even if you win there is a good likelihood you'll be lowest second best team and not qualify for the playoffs. In any case whatever happens credit to Strachan for turning a terrible team into contenders.
Scotland did not score a goal in doubles from Slovak
here a slovakian...good match guys, but its still not the end...
Imagine booing a Slovakia player because he used to play for rangers pathetic
Scotland deserves to be in the World Cup finals in Russia 2018! I love the Tartan Army fans and their passion! Beat Slovenia and you're in the play-offs and I hope you guys do come through it because it's been a long time since Scotland were last in a World Cup finals. The way England are playing at the moment there's not even a remote chance of winning it let alone getting out of the group just like Brazil 4 years ago sorry to say it because not a single player stands out and world class!
This should be on Scots telly.
I'm a Rangers fan(also Scotland fan obvs) but griffiths has a wand of a foot, his free kicks are insane. When he banged those 2 against Joe Hart me and my cousin went ballistic, but sadly in typical Scottish style we bottled it and only came out with a point 😂
check out my youtube channel i made a diss track on rice gum!
Why are Scotland playing in pink?
Wrong Title..there are never any highlights when Scotland or England attempt to play football
SUPER👍👍👍
Scotland no foot ball
Scotland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That commentator is atrocious.
Anyone know why Scotland are playing in pink, not their dark blue ?
no tartan army in moscow :). If you meet Italy good luck to your boys they will sliced you into pieces
Heart and mind aren't disciplines in mma bisping... gsp answered that question with complete accuracy, you're just an average bloke 🖕🏼
Listening to Joanna talk while I take a shit helps it fall right out
I hate bisping but his George saint Pierre impression is hilarious
Rose is lame. WTF was that?
Bisping is a legend and a warrior but I don’t think his winning this one but hope he does come on England
Dana White is like ... fuuuuck this
rose looking like  a figure from Thunderbirds
Its funny how Bisping's guilty conscience acts up accusing gsp of steroids. lol\nHe's wearing smart foam, now like conman mctapout, so he feels guilty.
15:43
TJ looks pretty confident
I fucking love Micheal Bisping 😂😂😂
I love Bisping.
Bisping's trash talk makes me cringe
British scum
Gegard Mousasi, will whip them both.
Anderson Silva defeated MB  but was rewarded the win, and he's happy with it knowing he lost. GSP the winner on Nov. 4.
Cody and TJ dressed up for nothing
Talk about this in our latest podcast. Why Michael Bisping is a better trash talker than GSP.  Just made a video about it.
i have to give it to bisping tho, he's pretty badass, and most of the time he speaks the truth
Bisping is such a cock head...
After MacGregor's over hyped boxing challenge, its a bit tiring to be interested in mma again
Joanna is love, Joanna is life, Joanna's so fine, and she's gonna be mine!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Bisping was on point in this presser.
why is there no water? that's weird.
Rose gives 0 fucks I love it
Wear some nice colon Bisping, you're gonna get cup fucked for at least 20 minutes.
i honestly got pissed at michael for talkig smack against freddy roach. dude got no fucking respect. he'll definitely regret losing that title and yet again get his mouth shut the way hendo shut it. i totally loast all my respect to this guy.
Bisping what a dickhead
Bisping: touch my belt it's nice huh\nGSP: I had 5 of those while you were getting knocked out in historic fashion by Dan henderson in my undercard.
I'm British ,  bisping is embarrassing
LOL! The first guy in history GSP has outsmack-talked ... Bisping's 100 words per minute down the drain by one waterr iz wet, fiure burn an am gonna beat Migel Beezpeeng.
On my birthday
Bisping is a slick talker these days
Crap
Bisping interviews are like looking at a wall
Only a complete knob would want Michael Bisping to win, I hope GSP drops this mofo
Michael Bisping is going to get fucked
Rose is gonna fuck up Joanna I see it in her eyes. Just ask Michelle Waterson smh
I'm rooting for Joanna <3. I can't wait to see you fight again, Champ.
This is really awkward
Michael Bisbing is too real for YouTube
We all remember how Johny Hendricks gave a face care to GSP so the end here is pretty clear
man i know bisping was pretty outspoken but i honestly feel like he's trying his best to sell this fight like mcgregor would.... i mean, trashing what he's wearing? that's something out of mcgregor's book...
Bisping: So when did being an arrogant egomaniac douche become a part of martial arts??
only 280k views in 3 days......
UFC has become about acting and putting on a WWE performance WTF!! and to top it off, shit fights everytime.
Bisping is an animal! Always a pleasure to listen to the smack.
how many bottles of fake tan did TJ Dillashaw use for this press conference?
GPS the new middleweight champion
Bisping is pathetic. I wouldnt be shocked if he thinks about Conor when hes poppin Viagra with his wife. Next hell be trying to box.
Say bye bye to the belt Bisping
MMA, Mixte Martials Arts. St-Pierre always has this notion of respect, it is a martial artist. Bisping has no respect, he's a jester. Respect is one of the bases of every martial art, then respect Georges St-Pierre!
GSP better clatter his ugly fucking head RIGHT OFF of the canvas multiple times.
Bisping is cringing he's just trying to copy Connor but he's not even funny. Sad
Guess who's the wanna be Macgregor
man...... everyone is trying to be conor 2.0
joanna is pretty hot, I'd love too fuck her 😍
They did this again?
So very medieval -- grow up dudes - childhood is over.
These press conferences are getting cringe worthy. If Woodley hadn't put us to sleep he would've got that fight. Stfu bisping
Bisping, one of the most unlikable people in the world, ashamed he's a Brit.\nHope he gets destroyed.
Bisping cant win if the fight dont take place in the UK
I wanna fight with your chicken!! #KhabibTime
Don't underestimate bisping.. most his losses are to roid heads
Love Bisping.  Great for the sport, needs characters.
bisping should keep a note of of the things that he says,damn! it's worth a million dollars😂😂
Bispings trash LOL his whole UFC career is garbage hahahahaj
Go thug rose
Are you in-tox-it-k-ted... are you in-tox-it-k-ted?
GSP!!
DJ is going to win easy! #mightymouse!
Bisping delusional as always.\nThe only one who's gonna miss you when you're finally gone is Dana you fucking pussy.
I love the way Bisping mimics GSP when his first language isn't English, yet Bisping was born in England and has disgusting broken English due to his derro accent.
GSP will win for sure, how many lucky wins and how many controversial wins are der in Kissbings career!! Countless.. Yes GSP had his controversies as well, whatever the case maybe GSP is better skilled and raw power house, he will fuck Kissbing on Nov 4th (no fucking doubt)
Let's go gsp
TJ is so damn tan.
Bossing is fucked up lol still funny
Dudes are outdated chump
polish slave
Bisping really likes to instigate trouble lol
I kinda feel bad for GSP
Bisping: Aree Yuuuu Eeentoxicaytedddd - Ohhh fuck my sides 😂
Rose Laundry Day Namajunas.
hes gonna fill them holes
Namagoonus
Bisbing the Badby
No one will miss Bitchping
bisping sunglasses??
What if GSP beats Bisping? Will he still talk fuckin' trash? Prob not.
Bisping trying so hard to be like McGregor 😒. Get your own act bro
Bisping's like 15 year old League of Legends gamers. xD The most cringe-worthy flame ever.
Michael bisping is a fraud man, Anderson Silva fucked him up and lost somehow. Dan henderson fucked him up and still lost somehow. Fair enough he beat Luke rockhold but that was more Luke messing up himself. His reign as champion is just not warranted   . Also fighting someone who’s just come out of retirement to prove what?
gsp got big.or ped.......
I just want GSP and Cody to win.
Sad we didn't get to see Cody and TJ talk a lot
JJ's English improved so freaking much. It's like from 3 words to a whole spectrum and huge confidence & near fluently in speaking. She works extremely hard both on and off the octagon. #AndSTILL! :)
Demitrious Johnson : Im so scared of TJ Dillashaw I want to keep my belt im not fighting him !!!!!
Bisping\nGarbrandt\nJoanna
Rose seems like she's on another level of not caring about all this. She just wants to fight. I expect a war.
Bunch of arrogant assholes with belts I never root for these wankers, always for the challengers go gsp.
gal gadot looks so frickin good right now
Giving birth charade queues sexy music? Damn we are a weird ass culture.
miley is ugly af and is a demon scumbag hoe
Miley's cute ass tho. That was hot.  
I want to cover Miley in semen!
I wanna hang out with Gal. Not even sexually, but just to hang out
Fallon is one awkward dude.  It always looks like he's trying too hard and it seems super fake.  I mean... yea it's TV and you're supposed to be in character .  But there are others who do it better, more naturally and genuinely.  Conan anyone?  I dunno... just crossed my mind.
there should have been a tie breaker. actually it wasn't a tie team miley won
Ok. It's official. Gal is my new girlfriend lol
Gal Gadot's husband is the luckiest man on the planet.
Very Good\nView the most stressed or attractive video here\nhttps://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=OUAwf9IS0iU
yoooo whats up with miliy doing that weird shit with her tongue? did anyone count how many times she did it? lol...i hope she isnt like that off camera... that is so off putting, its like someone picking their nose in front of you....ewwwwww
Bullshit she never played that before...
Dear America, \n\nGal is so innocent of our country. DON'T CORRUPT HER SWEET SELF EVER.\n\n-Kat
Did Jim say squirt at the first round? 🤣😂
no ones gonna comment on that rertarded thing miley kept doing with her tounge like in 2:44
Have you guys noticed how she can't stop staring at Gal Gadot!!! 😂😂
When miley sticks her tongue out she looks ugly af lol
Oh my golly Gal Gadot! Girl crush. You're IT! That was sure fast (and furious lol).XD
gals Reaction when she guessed IT is priceless omg she is so unbelievably cute. Jimmy needs a little bit more faith in his partner.  I think she was magnificent. Well done Gal well done.
Lmao Gal is so unintentionally funny she should have her own show.
We tied... WE ARE ALL WINNERS! <-- Yes you aaaare ¬¬ XD
Great to see Miley with long hair again and acting normalish.
OMG can I just take both of these girls home even to just to play this game?!?!  0.0
Ok.. the hairs back miley.... But what's with the jumpsuit????\n So close!
this is when you say: F*CK THE TITS! who need tits?!?! <3
Am I the only one who noticed that miley is much way prettier than gal 😍💕
Jimmy was shook when Gal guessed it so quick
Watching this makes me think of Miley a little differently. She obviously was mocking Gal, right at the beginning and in the middle of the video. I didn't really notice it at first until she mocked Gal the second time. I'm sure its a nervous habit Gal has, you don't have to mock it in a bitchy way.
Man, women's fashion is getting weird looking
Always kinda hated Miley but i also kinda like her voice and the way she talks
What the fuck is Miley wearing. Fit to an insane asylum. But hey,  at least she is clothed...
They are both so gorgeous!!!!
And that's how the slapping your own butt-celebration was born >.<
Can't be a tie if you lost the first round Jimmy lol!!
I couldn't stop staring at Miley's butt.
You have to bring Melanie Martinez !!
I love you gal😍❤️
Wonder Woman and Hannah Montana :)
Am i the only one who feels like Miley ruined the moment Gal guessed “IT” ... like awkwardly tried to steal the spotlight..
I she's even wearing a clothing
Free spins and 200% bonus in joy casino. all license slots. ENJOY\nhttp://joycasino.com/en/?partner=p19470p89602p0130
Both Miley and Gal look amazing in those looks! And they are kind of coordinated well too!
Haha Gal is so cute, and I love Miley
I use to think Miley was hot... until Wonder Woman was next to her...
Why miley have to put her tongue out every second
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOgL3XaAWYrQC-X7dP3TfEA/videos?disable_polymer=1
Flat chest edition
Oh dear #Gal
LOVE YOU GAL GADOT
ישראלים להתגלות
lol miley is crazy
This is hilarious hahahaha 😂😂😂😂
DYI  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAM8_2gxnQU&feature=youtu.be
Miley was right...Gal's guessing was psychic!
Look at Miley’s face at 2:44 *lmao*
Miley Cyrus is so freakin hot!
No tities team...
Gal is so beautiful, wow
GAL PLEASE DIVORCE YOUR HUSBAND!
Nice quick pick...
Attention Americunt Seeking Moles..
Miley is looking good asf now omg 😍
3:24 pause at Jimmys reaction and insert x files music
https://youtu.be/y4vbPBQU3O8
WE TIED!!!!!!\n\nhahahaha nah mate
2:07 Illuminati confirmed
:)
Cool
Miley is fugen retarded
https://unicorndustcosmetics.myshopify.com
I dunno how I feel about Mileys pant suit thing XD
I love gal sm
Omgoodness she's so adorable!! 🙌😄
Activity experiment panel atmosphere fault container provider while.
lets get a ratings boost
look at me guys im miley cyrus :q :b :d :p
Miley looks so uncomfortable in that outfit
I love how Miley celebrates
1:58 yall know what he was looking atLOLOLOL
That was CRAZY.
Gal is so adorable!!!
Jimmy lowkey hitting on Gal 😂
Big Like From SPIDERMAN .
Ha ha! Charade you are!
I almost lost it when she did the birthing move
I love Mileys outfit!
its official...officially in love with gal gadot...wonder woman powers are REAL
God damn Miley looks really hot in that outfit.
Imma be wondering why that woman got so much beauty inside and out.
whats up with Miley acting all fucking stupid. Act your fucking act crying out loud
Jimmy , You are Better than This  ! 💝🛵
Miley reminds me Katy Perry
מה זה? אף אחד לא רשם תגובה בעברית? וואו
Wow a culture vulture and Zionist whatta show
lol is this charades  or an itty bitty titty committee sorry i had to lol
Miley is a reptilian
Jimmy's face when she said IT LOOL
I just came here to write that I love Gal Gadot
3:23 ahahahahah when you realise that you have a huge test tomorrow...
Enjoy the Trailer for Pacific Rim 2
if the trailer is trash will the movie be amazing then?
Oh great. Another badly made American CGI fuck fest film
Where the original soundtrack...????
This is turning into a Michael Bay film. Explosions and fire in every frame. Generic futuristic, stuttery sound used in almost all sci fis nowadays 0:44 . Robot bursting out of a barn 0:57 . A soldier figure shooting using a gun with little to no effect 1:20 . I'm gonna wait for reviews to know it's worth paying or if it's download worthy.
oh look... its the power rangers
Isn't that the same voice from Portal when the robot narrates
This was a triumph. I'm making a note here. Huge success
Remember how when everyone heard about this film when it first came out majority of people thought it sounded shit? Fuck me was we wrong, let’s hope this is better or just as good as the first one\nEdit: Guillermo isn’t directing this. Alright I can just tell it won’t be as good as the first one
I bet all they would need is Iron man to beat all them monsters asses in a split second
Omg, now I really wanna see this and I am not lying
Oh God... They got the asthmatic token boy.
LISTEN GUYS PLEASE N TAKE NOTES----THIS IS HOW FUCK IT A GOOD STORY
I just don't get why you'd use the human form to fight with, its so poorly designed for this activity
Seems to be the same brainless piece of garbage than the first one. Just turn your brain off and let yourself be consumed by the amazing CGI and action scenes.
What the fuck have they done??? What's with the shit fcking retarded ass wannabe rap music?
I hope they didn't fucked this up, because I REALLY like the first one. But this stupid rap track added to the scenes here sure doesn't sit right !
this Movie will be so disappointing
Brah r you fucking cereal, to much niggers, on the movies wtf, leading the movies, to much womas, blacks, gays, wtf the world is lost
Just gonna watch this because of my baby jing tian ❤
wheres the power rangers when u need them
The Music! Boyega's accent! The Horror...The horror
2:20\nJesus of course Jaegers are fighting each other\nWhat else is going to happen when GlaDOS is piloting them?
This is not extended u just put the two trailers together
GlaDos.... WHY. ARE YOU. IN HERE ???
Nc  comeback pacific this is what ive been waiting for the new season.. amazing new meca!! i love it ♥
It's not extended, it's the old teaser glued onto the trailer.
I'm afraid that movie it will not be good, and demoliscing the work of first movie with stupid idea and more teen ager for cast. By trailer the prospect are ugly.
looks like some shit tbh compared to the first 1
What do you guys think transformers or pacific rim
this looks like fucking shit thanks for ruining this fucking movie god dammit Guillermo del Toro should have directed this
is that Stormzy doin the soundtrack?
Somebody saw Pacific Rim and went\nYeah, not terrible buuut lets make them more like Transformers.
Stupid music.....dear lord i hope they didn't make this a damn transformer movie ...
I think after all the mechs did their super hero pose ----in the the background there should be a 800 foot Purple Barney riseing above a building with razor teeth and jap anime heros sitting on his arms :)
Optimus and the boys should join the party.
The live Action Adaption of the Super Robot Anime Genre we all needed.
everyone's here is judging the book by its cover, y'all talk shit like you've seen this movie yesterday
Looks like a Michael Bay inspired movie...and what's up with that young girl wannabe inspirational character? This is not a sexist comment, but it's just that it's becoming a trend (transformers!). Trying to be politically correct or being so-called diverse?
Jaeger vs Jaeger? What i'm thinking is that maybe Kaijus leveled up and got powers to control systems cause on p1 one of the Kaijus shut the systems down causing system generated Jeagers to stop working then the manual one (Gypsy Danger) came in to fight. I hope those Jeagers at the end of this trailer will combine each other to form 1 giant Jaeger like Voltes5. LoL. Anyway, they can kill that boss like what they did on p1. It's sad that some of the original casts are no longer in the movie.
Was that GlaDOS narrating the end?
I just remembered, I never finished portal 2.
When the monsters go we fight each other with the tech..
ARE YOU KIDDING ? The first movie was worse than bad, never going to watch this mind numbing FLOP ! OMFG HILLARIOUS SHITTY MOVIE GETS A SEQUAL
after 4 years ffs why this is green baby shit
that music choice was awful.
Greatest movie trailer since this year
2017: this is trash!\n\n2018: goes to the theater (wont admit it), sees the action scenes, screams in excitement like a 9-year old\n\nCalm down people! This is just the trailer. They are still polishing the movie. It's too early to judge. Give it a chance.
Looks like absolute crap. And please just stop with the rap music - it does not make it look bad-ass, it makes it look juvenile and cheap. I can see a lot of Michael Bay in this shitfest.
The end of this trailer is so bad.
CHARLIE GET BACK TO KILLING RATS
fuck what i just said... i love this, we all do. Power ranger generation MODERFAKERS. Clearly the aliens copy Gipsy Danger and now they have Kaiju made Jaegers. oh and, the music is soo fuking dope-
The jaegers need Godzilla , Kong , and gamera to handle that combined Kaiju in this battle !!!!!
Why does Glados from portal voice the end
wtf is this nigger ass shit doing in this movie?
This trailer has my inner 12 year old bouncing off the walls with hype!!
This is a bad ass trailer
I think I just wet myself with excitement! I loved the first movie!!
i hope this doesn't turn out to be a disappointment
Looks suspiciously like they're trying to put a plot in it..?
What is the music's name?
Why do people keep saying there robots😫\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThere mechs!
whst's the name of the song at 3:20
GLADOOOOOOOS IS BAAAAACK WOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Carl 'Fuckin' Tanner!!!!!
Power Rangers + transformer = PACIFIC RIM
Mobile Suit Gundam: Pacific Rim
I hear Glados
I saw Karl Tanner!
What the music???
Could the Logang plz help me hit 500 subs! Plz
Glados is that you!
Hollywood will ruin another anime Gundam bots
where is megazord?
illuminati made this movie.
1:04 .music?
Evangelion?? :)
Looks power rangers ish.........weak
2:26 We meet again Glados!😎
Holy shit it's glaDOS
Cartoon jaisa lag rha
💩🎥
Gladeos
Moving into transformers territory
THATS FUCKING LIT
what the fuck, Kaiju fusion?
Go go power rangers !!!!
So 3 Kaijus melted into ONe big ass Kaiju? thats Transformer II LoL
BEST MOVIE OF 2018
Michael Bay?
Songs name?! Plsssaa
Waaaat??
LIXO
DIDNI JUST SEE KARL FOOKIN TANNER FROM GIN ALLEY
1:08 Master Chief
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩🖕😂😂🖕🖕🖕🖕
CIRCULO DE FOGO X GODZILLA
¿Glados talking about Pacific Rim?, nice trailer ;)
1에선 아예 통로를 끊었는데 어떻게 카이주 나옴?
Como se llama l cancion de fonfo
Christine you should try doing a DIY video for aquarium nails! Look em up trust me you can add holo ;)
Can we just talk about the quality of this vid?? *cough cough* I MEAN CHRISTINE’S BEAUTIFUL CONTOUR!!! She’s a real *BOOTY GURU*
this one video won't load till I refresh the page
MY LIFE WAS A LIE A CONTOUR LIE
I said something was holo and my mom correcting me so I said that she was not a hollow sexual and she got mad
Hey Cristine!! I was watching an old video about you trying to make a holo highlighter and I remembered about one I had! I'm pretty sure it's a pink saturated holo!! I messaged you on Instagram and sent videos so I hope you see the messages! And please like and comment on this so hopefully she'll see it!!!
OMG I have to say this, but every I see Cristine’s videos I always smile because she’s so authentic. And well she’s so real, and she’s really pretty with or without makeup. And I really love all of her content. 💅🏻💅🏻🤳🏻
I'm not dieing, I'm not being bullied, my dog did not die (I don't even have one XD) my mom is not dead, so can I get likes because I'm a basic bich?
@4:50 you said WHAT DO YOU THINK WITHOUT THE CLIP. GET IT TOGETHER WOMAN.
Please guys go subscribe to MillieCookies and watch her video called Apollo High School Cheer
Her lips are so fake looking.
Don't worry my foundation is concealer too
I just did my eyebrows. Whataya think?! 😂I love you Cristine❤❤❤❤❤
i like the holo intro more lol💿💿💅💅
Someone plz write the name of the products that nicole and Christine used
i got unsubscribed somehow and i am upset i didn't know.
The scariest thing you could do for Holoween  is use ... NO HOLO
Christine, I feel like a proud mother, I've been watching your videos for about two years now, and I've been watching you progressively getting better at makeup and doing more videos where you're being yourself and not limiting yourself to just nails, and I love it, good job ❤️\n\n\nEdit: I'm also hella proud of you for being on trending with like every video lately, I love how your channel is growing
I have to pause it so many times because I am laughing so hard. \n\nIn all fairness. \n\nSet the wet.\n\nThe fact Nicol didn't get the joke right away 🤣
Cristine! I just want to help you correct something. In the description, you wrote TEACH ME HOW TO BEAUTY TOUR EPISODE 1 ft MannyMUA. I think you meant episode 2.
Help please, what is the song at 6:22????
Jajajajaja I love you so much!!
Cristine you don't need any help you are   so naturally pretty!
your her highlighter she's your Contour
Nicol seems so sweet!! I love her laugh ^^
Christine! You need to collab with glam and gore and madeyewlook
DAB DAV DAB SO YOU LOOK FAB I DID IT
Who else thought it was Eva on the thumbnail?
Christine plz start making funny nail tutorials again. Like pretty but unique nails like you used to I MISS IT
THIS IS WHY YOU DONT GET JAWLINE IMPLANTS
Cristine is me trying to learn how to get better at makeup 💀
You two are absolutely gorgeous! Videos like this make me just want to experiment with my make-up all day and see what I can do.
What the fuck did the librarian say?\n\n\n\nRead more
4:49 lmao she did it again What do you think
Do you have a fan brush?\n\n I have a air conditioner \n😂😂I'm dead!
If only she had a cooler tone bronzer
Simply girl from one pasty lady to another. That contour color needs to have a cool undertone and be way lighter. Like most bronzer products are to dark for us. I buy medium tone foundation or concealer and contour with those. Otherwise we end up leaving looking patchy and ridiculous. Also orange.
Season Finale of teach me how to beauty should be Jenna's ratchet salon
Word of the day! Dirty potato!
THANK YOU GURL!!! For a minute I thought you weren’t gonna contour the other cheek like my mom when she did my makeup for homecoming😂
SIMPLYFACELOGICAL NEEDS TO MIX ALL OF HER FAKE HOLO MAKEUP TOGETHER!
Do you like raisins; how do you feel about a date
Lol who else thought that it was eva on the thumbnail
Cover: helpless\n\nMe: HELPLEESSS LOOK IN YOUR EYES AND TEH SKYS THE LIMIT IM HELPLESS
Now you've gotta learn how to contour your jawline. Not because you need it but because I also don't know how to contour and watching someone fuck it up and be corrected is really helpful 😂
People that wear makeup deserves to die
CHRISTINE YOU MISSED A PERFECT WHAT DO YOU THINK OPPORTUNITY WHEN YOU CONTOURED UR FOREHEAD
You need to do nails its simplynailogical not simplyfaceogicl
Wow the other girl looks so much prettier after her makeup \nImagine how Cristine would look if she took makeup seriously cuz cristine is way prettier than that beauty guru\nShe would look SO pretty...
WHATEVER THE BEUTIFUL PEOPLE SAY. DONT PUT HAIRSPRAY ON YOUR FACE. IT MAKES YOUR FACE LOOK OLD
When she joked about how she just did her eyebrows she forgot about  “WHAT DO YA THINK?”
Your quest to be beautiful person has inspired me. I have started my own quest and ordered my first non-drugstore makeup. Why is it so expensive?!?
Let me teach you how to contour fam! Puts orange all over a girl's face. Lord Jesus.
When she says teach me how to beauty I think of teach me how to duggy
You didn't do the im taking over thing
Cristine is naturally beautiful and can get away with no makeup better than heavy makeup. Nicol would be much prettier if she’d leave her lips alone. It’s too hard to reverse procedures if you go too far. She did seem to genuinely like Cristine at least, unlike Tati, who was a little condescending. Love Cristine’s videos!
This was such a good collab hahah they flow so good together
Anyone else notice she didn't say button with a hard T this time?
You should do a collar with James Charles!! Love you!
Nicol did a GoFundme for another YTer, who had cancer, so I can't h ate on her.
Nicol looks like my english teacher xD
not today\n;)))
That shade thrown at Real Techniques. Dayum!
MY HOLO QUEEN IS TRENDDDINNGGGGG
You're so fucking ugly
Dayummmmm bih you looking 🔥🔥🔥
eglaf presents cellulite remover https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074BL1VMJ
LMAOOO THIS IS HILARIOUS
HOLO CARS CHRISTINE!!!!!!!\n\n\nhttps://youtu.be/GZQ858ODhFs
Nightmares
nicol conciller
Christine...............the pale a$$ vampire
👏🏻👏🏻
@4:18 tho😂😂
*LALALALAAAAAA AAA LALALALAAAAA AAAAA, LALALALAAAA AAA, I WANNA SAVE YOU WITH YOU LALALALALA*
Absolutely looooved this video!!!!!
damn, i'm happy
HOLOWEEN*
i think christine meant snatched
☹️
Very cool
Do aquarium nails!!!
nah,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,...........,jk
She looks like eva
Normalize your goddamn audio please. Your videos are destroying my headphones
Plz do one with JENNA MARBLES PLZ... And if u do I will be like HEEEELLLL YEAAAH
Why does Nicol look like her duck face decided to pack their shit on her face and stay?
who else thought of tom holland at 4:26?
Her lip fillers are not amazing, she could be so beautiful if she just got different ones
Does the girl on the left have lip injections?
Dude.....u need someone to take u shopping to get the correct product's for them to help teach u. It's driving me nuts!!!!
Didn't Christine work at sephora when she was younger ? How'd she get a job there if she's just starting to learn how to contour now?
this lady has DUCK LIPS
Something beautiful happened to me and ik it will make all holosexuals proud. So I have been having a problem with my nails recently where they haven’t been strong and ik gel is really bad for your nails but I just wanted my nail polish and nails not to chip. My nails were already holo so I was reluctant to get them done but then as I was looking through the samples some reflective rainbow light was hitting my eyes and I found the holo. It was like heaven had blessed me on this glorious day. Ironically the lady who was doing part of my nails made me bleed bc she needed practice but then she switched with another employee and my nails turned out fabulous.
What's up with Nicole jaws?  They look like she has some kind of growth.  Anyway, this is funny.
*fake laugh*
So i don't know who this guru is but it bothers me that i can clearly tell she's had lip injections. A possible nose job as well
she did her dirty with that orange
The bitch with green hair or some shit, what the fuck is wrong with her damn lips??!\nThey look like she cut out the lips of a rabbit mask and wearing it over her own.
Girl ain’t no expert with her top lip looking like an inner tube and PLAYIN the fuck outta you with that orange contour stick 😂😂😂
The first Vox Borders documentary launches in 8 days. It's publishing October 17th, across Youtube and Facebook. The other 5 will come weekly after that, on Tuesdays. If you want to make sure you don't miss them, you can follow me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/johnnyharrisvox or sign up for my newsletter: www.vox.com/borders-email. \n\nI'm so excited to release these. I've been working on nothing else for the past 6 months, and I think they'll live up to the hype!\n\n- Johnny
Gibraltar voted 95% to remain in the EU😂
THEY FORGOT ABOUT THE WINDSOR MONKEYS IN WINDSOR CASTLE !
Thought this was going to be about middle eastern refugees
Orangutans are common in China India has monkeys ! It's all the same landmass .🐒🙊🙈🙉🐵
Bet there are gonna be plenty of racist ass comments down here
Thought this was gonna be about African and Middle Eastern immigrants...
You can find monkeys that claim to be refugees from Northern Africa all over Germany and France
Before too much longer the title will read  The only Europeans left in Europe. liberal trash.
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! \n\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Him! He loves you! \n\nPlease don't listen to the lies of the enemy. Jesus is not angry at you, in fact He is waiting on YOU to call upon Him! Jesus died so that you may live! \n\nHe knows what you are going through, and He will help you if you would let Him. \n\nI pray you consider calling upon Him today. You may not get another chance, and to die without The Lord Jesus is a very dangerous thing. \n\nJudgement is also swiftly approaching, and Jesus is the Only Way to escape. So please trust and follow Jesus today! Don't be scared, Jesus TRULY Loves you! \n\nShalom, friends.
Muslims are loose monkeys, should kill them all
Does someone have a link to listen to the last music? Despite the name in the credits I can't find it anywhere
Winston, is that you?
Photographing the monkeys is psychologically stressful for them.\n*Films the monkeys instead.*
Lol you make Gibraltar look interesting and not a boring shithole
I remember when i visited Gibraltar one of the monkeys sat on the back of one of my friends and started pulling on her hair and she started freaking out and i was like just chill out maybe you should stop trying get selfies with him and just take a photo of him .
Here are a few things here I think are important and cool about Gibraltar:\n- Gibraltar is one of the last territories that the UN considers a colony in the world. Gibraltar in this video is shown to be an entity Britain would give up and give back to Spain, but the residents and government of Gibraltar want to be entirely independent of both countries and be their own sovereign nation. \n-Gibraltar is entirely self-sufficient economically and they actually end most years with a surplus\n-Gibraltar is not just English and Spanish. Because of the small populace, minorities have a substantial impact on the culture. These include a large Indian community as well as the second largest population of Jews per capita in the world\n-Going off the previous point, many people from Gibraltar speak Llanito, a hybrid of Spanish and English with many words and phrases from Hebrew/Yiddish and Hindi mixed in.
The monkey myth - lose the monkeys, lose the Rock - is almost word for word like the myth about the ravens at the Tower of London, and both with the twist of Winston Churchill ordering the animals protected for the sake of the nation.
That's cool. I want to visit some day
Reminds me of the Green Monkeys in Barbados. They were likely brought there through trade.
As someone who's been to Gibraltar, banning tourists from giving food isn't going to do anything because the monkeys are the ones attacking the tourists and stealing their food/ running after you.
Technically Gibraltar is close enough to be considered Africa as well
You're forgetting all the wild muslims and africans
P r o p a g a n d a  i s  m y  c i t y
When your apart of the 30,000 that live on Gibraltar and know that he missed out on a few details about the Macaques 🙃
the only wild monkeys in Europe are the French national team
Yeah, I've been there with my family. One of those monkeys stole my sister's ice cream. Another one of those went on a woman's head, grabbing onto her hair. If you approach them funny, they might attack you. So don't act aggressive towards them if you enjoy having fingers and a face.
We call them Muslims where I'm from.
Europe is being flooded with economic migrants... what did you expect to see
Nce
I went there in the summer! it was so weird, just a small(er) sunny Britain I thought
all Sexes, are the SJW monkeys gonna call you transphobic if you say BOTH sexes?
What's stopping the monkeys from spreading across Europe?
There are now loads of monkeys in Europe because of Merkel
This is such a poor American interpretation of cultural pluralism and varieties of nations
Free spins and 200% bonus in joy casino. all license slots. ENJOY\nhttp://joycasino.com/en/?partner=p19470p89602p0130
3:57 That is a beautiful piece of music. Where do I get it? \nEnd credits say it's Travel Safe by Trilla 2 but a quick Google search doesn't reveal anything
I can't imagine the comments
Only wild monkeys in Europe \n\nNo go zones...\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTake a joke...
I want to high five one.
Congrats on 3 mill
Keep it up Vox!
https://www.facebook.com/3.4.change/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel
Did somebody say peanut butter?!
Which one
They are NOT monkeys they are Barbary Apes.
Rule Britannia!
MENDELS LAWS PROVES OTHERWISE! !
Inb4 Afrocentrist KANGZ comments or pseudonazi pussybois talking about illegal immigrants.
there are monkeys everywhere, theyre called hoomans
Dem shits pretty dope
Inb4 racist comments...
No....unfortunately these are not the only monkeys in europe.....their numbers are growing........
This is terribly racist. Those are just black people
I thought that he was a wild monkey since he showed his face on the thumbnail...
The ONLY wild monkeys in Europe, heheh!
These aren't the only wild monkeys in Europe. There's another monkey species called the Muslim. It's an invasive species and their numbers are rapidly growing in Europe. They will soon outnumber the native European population.
no monkeys in france?
you can come to Algeria we have so many قردة 🙈
monkeys are scary AF in India they come in groups and just GET INTO HOUSE?! yes they enter into houses (cause most of the houses in India are open) it’s scary if they attack (not really but they are disgusting) lol
The Latin meaning  for Vōx is voice (the voice)
I wish those monkeys spread all over Europe. It would be cool. Plz no political or racist replies.
Hey loved the video!  I'm a local youtuber here! are you still around? :P   ive also got my little video about Gibraltar
No I didn't say that Hiroshima was good I just said it helped push the Japanese towards surrender
>wild monkeys in Europe\nYou mean Polish people?
My league of legends team
You mean Abdul? Mohammad's?
Astonishing content as always Vox! I always enjoy the background music in your videos, so I would like to ask where they are from? I can't find any links in the description so I would highly appreciate directions :)\n\nEDIT: Never mind, the song was shown on the credits X)
I'm from Gibraltar
Actually theres millions of sand monkeys in Europe that are raping and pillaging.
Which one is the 'wild 🐒', in the thumbnail???
tbh can i just say i think its really rude to compare the bearded man in the thumbnail to a wild monkey just because he isnt scared to grow out a full beard doesnt mean you should call him a wild animal smh ngl
These aren't the only monkeys in Europe. Don't you know a Ton of Muslims live there
Oh nice. The last European who didn't evolve. XD
That’s where I live 😝😂🤘🏽
This guy is an embarrassment for vox. He goes on holiday and makes these slap dash reports about whatever he notices. This really isn't journalism as you never learn anything. Both his reports on Japan and Norway either contained accuracies or plain missed the big picture. It's a real shame vox allows this. It wouldn't surprise me to find out he's just someone at vox's son or nephew.
Hey I new i am from Gibraltar
Who said there were no Monkeys in Europe? Why are you so surprised?
Are you going to Catalonia?
3:36 \nWinston: Is this on? \n\nLike if you get it 😂
I would have to correct you on that there are also monkeys in Georgia . Tehy are reminiscent of a soviet experiment but now most of them are wild as well .
Gibraltar want to remain British like the falklands good for them I can see why Spain is a poor mans country
Have anyone ever told you that you look like that guy on good mythical morning
Lot of non pc jokes to be made in the comments.
RIP my ears
There's alot of *wild monkeys* in europe. They may not have tails.
Wow the refugee crisis must be hitting gibraltar hard \n\n\n\n\nSorry
there are only three dimensions in Europe so obviously no more than 9 of any wild monks can exist possibly
This guy looks like that I phone guy in china
✝️ *HARVEST MUSIC FESTIVAL MASSACRE Was Preplanned WELL in Advance* via Me And My Monkey song, SEE SONG VIDEO HERE  >>> https://youtu.be/1sBTMC2-tg4\n\nAnd Once You Fully understand the Spiritual Meaning of the Diabolical Massacre via the above link provided...\n\n✝️ *GET WITH GOD's PROGRAM, NOW!! PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE IS REAL!  AND IT'S RED ALERT!!* \n\n...Leave the Devil in the Dust for Good...\n\n✝️ *ARE YOU SAVED?* Find Out For Certain!  MAKE SURE YOU ARE SAVED by The Gospel, 1st Corinthians, 15:1-4 >> Just click HERE ==> https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-Corinthians-Chapter-15/ \n\n✝️ Beware the watered down False Doctrine many churches are pushing these days.  To be certain you have been Saved by the ONLY valid Gospel at the time of this posting, let Pastor Robert Breaker walk you through the simple steps today by clicking on the link ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k \n\n*REV 12 Sign of The Son of Man* being fulfilled;  TIME IS RUNNING OUT!\n\n😇 *Rightly Divided, The KJV Bible  (the only Bible uncorrupted) clearly promises the Blessed Hope of PRE-Tribulation Rapture!!*\n(shhhh...Satan doesn't want you to know) 👿\n\nJews, Gentiles, Everyone Alike...\n\n*GET SAVED NOW !! Don't be LEFT BEHIND to suffer The Great Tribulation...* 😓\n\n*The Bottom Line?*\nThe Blood of JESUS CHRIST is your ONLY hope of Salvation By Grace Through Faith for life everlasting in the Heavenly Kingdom...\n\n*GET SAVED & REPENT NOW!*\n*How To Know You're Saved* Click Here Now ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k\n\n✝️ For some of the latest Biblical Evidence, Rapture coming soon watch this Youtube video >>>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w\nFor more Watchmen videos use keywords Revelation 12 Sign, Last Trump, Rapture.  Take Heed and WARN  EVERYONE!! \n >>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w
Belong investigate king teenage revolutionary imply mechanical grocery wow.
I live here 😀😀😀
G
Very interesting
your ancestors
Keep save them
Who's RH-?
You guys ancestors. Rh factor
u kinda look like John kranasti
suparb
Is HotDiggityDemon the voice actor?
mickey mouse never seems to fail in making my day
I thought my animation was bad!
Come a long way since steamboat willie
This has only 4 shots that were from far away, causing a cramped feeling throughout it, in addition the idiocy of Mickey mouse in this short leaves Mickey giving me the impression of a dumb Mickey. Plus instead of letting Mickey learn his lesson we are provided with the idea  that blind faith leads to good things.
I didn't know Disney still made Mickey mouse cartoons
Did they.. die at the end?
What if this is the basis for the new Hollywood Studios ride lol
Why Is mickey mouse like SpongeBob? \nThis is the first time i seen one of the new mickey mouse cartoons are they all like this? Because im not fan of this
The sad truth is that Mickey and Minnie never made it out of that explosion, some say their spirits still haunt it to this day.
I love the nostalgia
0:49 when you ask your dad of you can name a clubhouse after you and he says yes
Shame disney doesn't have it's quality animators anymore, they were so good at motion that people didn't believe it wasn't rotoscoping. Miss the old fliescer style rubber hose animation this cartoon emulates but it just seems like looney tunes, ren and stimpy or anime influenced corner cutting now.
This used to be In Disneyland in Frontierland and so they replaced it with thunder mountain
Me: accidentally clicks on video\nMe: Hum. Let's see what this is about.\n\n0:04 what the heeeeeeeck
Where are his suspenders. He used to have suspenders????
Typical nothing goes according to plan 😒
And this is how Big Thunder Mountain was created😂👍🏼
They should have plunged off the end of a cliff at the end.\n\nThe problem as I see it with these retro cartoons is you can't tell anymore whether you're getting a good cartoon from the 30s or 40s or if you're getting one of these new mediocre ones.  These cartoons are frenetic without being funny, kind of like the Roger Rabbit toons.  They also seem much darker than the MM toons of old.
Wait did they die I’m confused
So... Did they Die?? How did an exploding mineshaft become beautiful? Lolol
are they trying to go into ren and stimpy territory? b/c I cannot recommend.
Hey isn't that rat their cousin?
Is it just me or did the animation and voices sound like it was gonna be some messed up vulgar cartoon like hotdiggitydemon or something
Great Cartoon, last cartoon wasn't as good because there wasn't as many easter eggs but this cartoon is just one big easter egg. Keep up the good work Disney!
Don't worry minnie. We are not gonna be murdered!
So much better than Cartoon Network and Nick
Why do I feel like they are gonna make this a ride???
I'm in love with retro Mickey ❤️
Did mickey mouse get bought by cartoon network or something?
How did I go from watching sneaker con to this?
Whoever wrote this needs to tell me what they smoked.
That reminded me of big thunder mountain
I hope this becomes an actual ride at Disneyland
is it only me or do I like those old 80's style on Mickey and Minnie mouse ;-;? The new style sucks.
Where is tom the cat when we need him...
Wow, this is some real trash.
I thought this was cuphead, lol
ha ha good to see goofy lil cartoon now and again in this cruel and scary world we live in
HotDiggityDemon? I swear he must of animated and voiced mickey in this. I can't find his name or channel in the description or credits.
Why don't they just do a cartoon about how they completely destroyed a classic Disney attraction and replaced it with garbage...oh wait
OMG THEY EVEN INCLUDED THE OLD RAINBOW CAVERNS THEME!!! AND WALT WINKING AT MICKEY AHHH\n#Fanboyoverload
He looks like a perv with his smile. Lol
This is like good. Why is this good?
Who else is here from Nick   Cropton?
The map had Walt Disney. Wow
I used to think they were siblings.
why in the world would you dislike this
se ulbidaron de mini porke esta loca y sino mekren vean el capitulo de los motociclistas
Is this a new Cuphead DLC?
I love bendy\n\nYour so mean to bendy.😱😱😱😱😱
So... Thats what the after life looks like!
OmG what was that beautiful voice mix sound on 0:56 😱😂❤ how can someone do that...
when you have a cuphead fan and i introduced cuphead (here is a hint WATCH OUT FOR CUPHEAD)
Nature: BUT WAIT THERES MORE
GASP GASP GASP GASP, EUHGA!!!!
Did Mickey ate Sponge Bob?
This Cuphead fan animation is cool
Did they die?
BEENNNDDDDDYYYYY NOOOOOOOOO😂😂😂
Cuphead rip off.
0:57 spooky bats with rabis rats with plague lol😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Awesome shorts
Awwwwwww
Hi
1:01😂😂😂😂😂😂
The logic!😠😑😁
Just art
Mickey fired Jake Paul 😂
Gee, Thunder Mountain sure looks different.😏
cuphead's DLC looks pretty cool
This animation style hurts me.
These are great
Mickey gonna smash. 😂😂
Beach as niggles
I LOVE  IT
Ehhhh, Cuphead was better.
HEY DISNEY! DO SOMETHING TO FIX SJW MARVEL!
So they die
Cupheads better
Hi
lovely
One word: trash
The animation in this is gorgeous 😍
yo this seems a bit DARK is this legit disney? I'm kinda surprised seeing it in this style (not saying its bad its pretty kool) its just has a SHOCK factor to me is all! Anywhoo i really liked the skit! ^_^
nice marketing to make people wanna go to disney land
I thought this was the new cuphead trailer
Is this a short or Fantasa?
So your saying that if we blow up southern California, the world would be a better place. I believe it completely.
Did they just die at the end?
Oh wow this short was absolutley fantastic! This season is a blast! The jokes were super funny, I srsly laughed out. The pinnochio song at the beginning was awesome as well!
Gee, if only the original Mine Train through Nature’s Wonderland was like this.
There's nothing left to burn - minnie\nMickey: Except YOU MINNIE *Evil laughter*
How coked up is Mickey right now?
Oh god this feels like a parody of mickey mouse than an actual official short of him
Some epic mickey vibes
@hotdiggedydemon ??
That was cute lol
Wow, Cuphead's DLC looks lit.
Nice if you like this music check my music out .💯🔥
Lets goo   puerto Rico prayers to puerto Rico I'm Mexican
He'll make records for America, he'll make records for Puerto Rico, doesn't matter, he makes art
Mi Puerto Rico bello our ancestors built you with less, we will built you again. Your traditions, your flavors, your music live in all of us, in our current and future descendants.. Thanks Lin Manuel and all the artists. This means a lot to all the boricuas!
Can you get me Hamilton tickets?
I love you a Camila Cabello. 💛🌷 She is my wife. 🌷💍😍
This needs to be the next Despacito!!... Except Justin Beiber should leave it alone lol
amazing song, and PRAY for Puerto Rico! also, can someone tell me if my music is fire??\n\nhttps://open.spotify.com/artist/7onlKP3MSJycDbyeMSlqiV \n\nhttps://soundcloud.com/aronbtv/bagel
I'm sure if I knew any Spanish this would be 100% better but this was amazing. Thank you for what your doing lin!
Donald Trump made 2000+ accounts and disliked this.
I am in tears.
Beautiful omg-\n*//reads Proceeds to the Hispanic Federation UNIDOS Fund for Puerto Rico//*\nI'm gonna keep on replaying and listening to this so I can get advertisements 👌
We take matters to our hands, we help out own people even with or without the help of the US government.
Is this supposed to be a Spanish “we are the world?” Lmao
First time hearing him sing. It was great!! Now i cant wait to see him in mary poppins with emily blunt
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
national gay pride parade  fuk dat.\nNational Wear your,   I Got Swag planet of the apes, \n T-SHIRT  pride festival _/
he used all cities in Puerto Rico to west side story Maria song
So proud of everyone ❤
He's a host unto himself, as long as he can hold a pen he's a threat.
Did not understand anything other than its almost like praying, but damm the spirit of this song!
https://youtu.be/B8aOkUi4YKE\n\nDont be a bitch give it a listen\n\n@HIDDEN RHYTHM --> SOUNDCLOUD
My home my puerto rico 😭😭😭i hate u maria i hate irma too
This song was the next we are the world
*_GETS GUN_*\n _ok who disliked?_ \n\n*_Some bastard disliked_*\n\n *_WHO THE FUCK WANNA DIE_*
And this is a hit with many legends and new artists 🇵🇷🙌🏽❤️ All united for Puerto Rico
All my love to PR but this song is terrible.
OK, sooo... What'd they say?
There is something so beautiful is watching mi gente unite for puerto rico 🇵🇷 💕
This was Beautiful and I’m not Puerto Rican
Why would anyone dislike this
Who else loves that Camila is from Cuba and she is singing about Puerto Rico and her vocals are lovely. Also that the girl from Jane the Virgin is in here RAPPING
All my prayers go to all in Puerto Rico stay safe please <3 <3 <3 P.s. lets pretend that i didn't cry when i first heard this.
The sound of the coqui at the end brought me to tears. I love my island. I love this song.
For anyone who is reading this comment please help us reach 10,000 Subscriber we do funny pranks and more.Thank You !!
it said Lin I AM HERE FOR LIN!!! but DAM
0:54 Benny Blanco from the Bronx, does anyone remember him?
Okay Gina i see you girl
Much love and praying from Iraq to Puerto Rico
Never thought Lin could really sing that well but nonetheless I loved the Hamilton soundtrack and this is great!
This is the best thing I’ve heard plus Hamilton I wish I was so famous that I could have been part of this I’m from Puerto Rico and I can sing but wow!!!
I have no idea what it's saying....... \n\n\n\n\n\n\nI love it
Go claim your free money 💸💰>>>getslidejoy.com/r2/YHNGzapMsbuUQGetcnvCkQ
I wish I could rap like Lin.
Ruben Blades and Juan Luis showing respect ✊ to the Borinquen flag! Loved it.. As a Dominican but descended from Puerto Ricans grandfathers.. This made me feel proud of my heritage! #StayStrongPR
Ruben blades, marc anthony, and juan luis guerra are my absolute favorites(not in any particular order)
Daniel from fear the walking dead!
I CAN'T EVEN GET AN AD! IT'S BEEN DEMONITIZED! 😡
Am i the only one who is OBSESSED with the beginning?
Lin is the world's hero
BEAUTIFUL!! It's almost like ...crying
Thank you Lin-Manuel, et al for making us proud!
I love this song ❤️
Dear 2K dislikes: leave.
Atheism.
Falto rene
Juan Luis Guerra 🇩🇴
OMG CAMILA & JLO MOMS
Orgullo Borincano ;-)
https://youtu.be/TMCFKABRwg0😍🔥😍🔥🔥🔥
La perla
Puerto Rico  si selevanta
THY IS SHOOKTH
Amo a Camila cabello ❤
Bad Bunny remix feat. Residente
Beautiful
Amazing!
Well done!!!
karla camila cabello estrabao.
camilaaaaa
LIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Praying for Puerto Rico
PUERTO RICO SE LEVANTA  🇵🇷💖
Fuerza Latino America 👏👏👏👏👏👏
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
EARGASM
Y daddy yankee?
#LinManuelMirandaforPresident😥😥❤❤❤👏👏👏😭😭😭
OH MY GOFD
Boricua
Puerto Rico 🎤🎺🎹🎶🎵🎼
Camila Cabello te amo
I love this sooo muchhh
Buying!
Praying for pr💔😟
Arriba la isla del encanto!!!!
Im literally crying ! This is so beautiful! Latinos unidos hoy y por siempre
Q Reducirles embed de orar a Dios  para q les dé más fuerza asen eso q a Dios no le agrada
Te levantaras de nuevo amada mas fuerte y hermosa que antes.
Mi bella tierra. La isla del Encanto
Esta canción y video no merecen dislikes
AYUDA CON MI MÚSICA!!!!! \nhttps://youtu.be/6vT7F-v5OmY
Llegamos del mundo para apoyar a Puerto Rico!! Somos los #ColombianosEnElExterior
100 por 35***      amor y orgullo Todos Unidos por la perla del caribe ...
ARECIBO PRESENTE aqui mi gente DLB A TODOS!!!!
Really puerto rico hurricane song? You think the ppl that live there care about this shit when they're trying to survive without electricity despacito outta here with that shit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=kd7DHXnZs8Q
Damn no love for mexicans? Alright.
What about Mexico and other countries affected by natural disasters ??
this song has sooooooo many layers. i cry every time i hear it. thank you lin ♥️
I guess we now know who's the real pussy.
That was pretty spooky. 0.0
3:35 wasted
2:18 - 2:23 was my favorite, bust-a-gut laughs
Delightful.
Soooooooo cute
Okk
¡Hermoso!
I hope Simon got a good insurrance for himself
LOL Love it! Thanks for all your hard work!
3:24 is so me, just with roaches rather than spiders. XD
omg i love this soo much 😁
236 people hate spiders. (I as well, but I gave it a like)
Someone's been watching Arachnophobia one too many times!!
i have a simple rule. nature stays outside the house. enter at your own peril.
These are still getting made
I love this series and I like cats 🐱 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻I subscribed thanks
Playing like a Mr Bean
I am scared of and hate spiders.
Hey that sqee he was from my little pony
Somehow I'm addicted to this channel.
Lol...
Give us 5,000 subs.
3:32
4:02 Бля!
I love these clips
Happy early Hallomew!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Love your vids
The cats hate me...
fantastic hahahaha cat monster uaaaaahh :P
Милота ;3
Adorable as always
Nice video
Why are these videos always trending?!
Best Episode yet !! 👌🏼
😆😂🤣
I looooove Simons cat!!!! ❤❤❤
The 164 dislikes are the spiders
Lol sassy cats
SSS💙💙💙💙💙🍓🍓🍓🐶🐱🐜🌾🎄🎄🎄🎄🎄🌈🌭🍕🍕🍩🍩🍩🍩🍡🎠🎠🎠🎠🎠🎠🗼🗺🌚🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜🐜
Lolol seriously LOLOL I can't stop laughing AWESOME VIDEOS LOLOL hilarious stuff I Love Simon
Omg so cuuute
Best thing ever seen yet. 1:00 wants to play with the toy too. No  cat goes ohh...
Spiders don’t bother me but that cat is dead on lmao
This is sooo cute why isnt this channel bigger it deserves to be #1 on trending come on people lets make it happen
well done on getting the wilhelm scream in there
Too bad they don't have a 50/50 choice of like or dislike. I loved the very first one, that made me laugh! But I was not crazy about the other too. Just my opinion.
What do you use to animate
And there is nothing I can do when I realize with fright \nThat the Spiderman is having me for dinner tonight.
THIS NEEDS TO BE ON TV! SUCH AMAZING :)
This is so cute!! Who dislikes this??? Seriously?? I don't understand the thumbs down.
Get a $100 Visa Gift Card! click below:\nhttps://cpbld.co/o/14988/214976?s1=
Thank You So Much for making these!!!!\nI'm sick in bed and this helped me keep my mind off my tummy problems.\nGod Bless$
Simply just Move to google and type: WUMO SEO. It is the most reliable Search engine optimization firm. If they cant rank your website or blog, these people ensure that you get100% money back guarantee. I just love WUMO SEO.
Muffet's just asking you to donate to her charity.
Help translate this video\n...very funny Youtube, very funny
I would have just let the cat stay up there till she had her fun. Then close it when she's asleep in another room.
I can't even think about what is like to be stuck in the attic with spiders... x_x
My third grade class loves Simon's Cat. This video had them falling out of their seats!!
My cats always try n run in attic when doors open. They think its a while new playgrounf for em
It's a dark creepy attic what do you expect it's going to have spiders but oh sure was funny
This is so funny
According to the dislikes, 207 people who watched this have the brain of a small fish.
I would like to see Simon's Cat draw one when a mouse gets into the house and he attempts to take it away. I have two indoor cats and at 4 am this morning they had caught one.  I had the garage door open this yesterday for a bit and since winter is on it's way one must have gotten in. After torturing the mouse almost to death, I put it outside to my cats dismay.
There's only one true way to be rid of spiders from your home. Burn it to the ground and then discard the ashes to space.
I love the noises the spiders in the attic make
The first one is literally me 😂😂
If i whip my dick out and scream virgin blood will that trend?
Last time I saw you, you had 300k...
Happy Halloween!🎃👻🎃
To be fair, these are all perfectly acceptable responses to spiders, so...
pls reply \nFirst off,  I live your videos\nSecond,  can you give me a shout out\nThird, jk lol UK you won't give me a shout out lol
I just saw this recommended, I don't regret this
That second one killed me. XD
This is my cat !
175 people are araphnaphobes\nLove it.  Best one in a while and I love the others! 🖒🕷
people who watch this are sick.
How is this not dead yet
Dude needs a fly swat. Works fine on those spiders. A light swat to the hiney of the cat would also stop the couch shredding.
Holy Cat!  The spider episodes had me laughing so hard that I barely could catch my breath!
I'm the same way about bees, he is about spiders.  I know the feeling sir!  Have a good one!
164 people musta been dropped on their head at some point in life
The animations started 10 years ago ... the real question is : is the cat still alive ?
True horror in its rawest form...lol Brilliant !  Best laugh on the internet all day !
Simon is so funny playing with his old toy robot! :D
I love you simon's cat 💗💗💗
I forgot how much I love these
That spider must be a tarantula
HA HA HA This is hands down the most compromising thing to ever be involved with.
*me whenever I see a spider*
This reminded me of the second(?) Harry Potter film. 🕷
Hey, shutting the cat in the recliner is no joke. My mom told me that, before I was born, my grandpa accidentally crushed a farm kitten that had climbed into his recliner without him noticing, and it was heartbreaking.
Simon is me with spiders. Actually, no, Simon is braver, I would've ran out of that attic when I saw the first one.
if i was in the attic and the light went off everyone of my neighbors would of called the police after hearing my screams
if spiders were this cute i wouldnt be terrified of them.
And I thought my animation was bad!
A MIND BLOWING FREE OPPORTUNITY!!!!\nhttp://formoneyonly.com/?refer=168778
Google search: WUMO SEO. They're the top rated Search engine optimization firm and ranked my website within just 60 days. If they cant rank your blog, the company give you100% refund policy. I just adore WUMO SEO.
Why are people so afraid of spiders? You're NOT food to them! They're more afraid of YOU than you are of THEM!
If you decide to breastfeed, the first couple weeks of breastfeeding are the hardest and there’s such a steep learning curve, but if you are able to push through it, it’s definitely worth it. I will say that if you end up deciding breastfeeding isn’t for you and some people give you a hard time about it, remember that being a good parent is making sure your baby is fed. It doesn’t matter if it’s breastmilk or formula. Fed is best. Period!
:D
I've just had my 5th baby, would love to see an anti haul or products you regret buying once you have this baby. It's surprising how many I wish I'd never bought! Your looking lovely x
please try Bravado nursing bras. They are expensive, but they are the most comfortable bras, period!
Ovia ia great!  I use ovia fertility!  Great app :)
omg your skin is GLOWING <3
Watching this at 3.30 AM while pumping 😅🐄 #momlife
If you don't use fabric conditioner on stretchy jeans leggings etc they last longer. Conditioner ruins latex and other fibres used in stretchy clothes.
Hey Fleur :-) I use the same bras from Emma Jane (my son is now 6 months). I love them as well. I would say - if you decide to breastfeed - you should def get some wool nursing pads (Just a random webside: https://danishwool.com/collections/nursing-pads). It will keep your breasts nice and warm so that you won't get mastitis. Also lanolin balm is great for the nipples :-)
Just a tip for breast feeding. It was really difficult to get my Ellie to breast feed. We had just about had her trained when I had to go away on a business trip. Ruined everything. It's a lot of work to get a child to breast feed, so keep your schedule clear from flying/ travel that would take you away from her until your little one is completely on board with breast feeding (if that's what you choose to do).
The first pregnancy essential is.... who is the father!?
I'm going to have to look into the max vs plus because I'm wondering why anyone would want to take 3 instead of 2 tablets lol. 😵 I am sooooo in love with ur necklace would love to know where it's from please I'll be calling my bump Luna so I'm obsessed with moons! Xxx
I would recommend lots of relaxation and sleep since you won't be getting much in the first few months! Keeping your stress levels low is key! A pregnancy pillow is a must have especially towards the end! Go out to restaurants and lots of movies as you won't get a chance to do that as much later! Also I would recommend packing your hospital bag early so you don't end up like me when my baby decided to come early and we were packing after my water broke! Keep an open mind about everything especially labour and birth! Most of all enjoy the pregnancy and savour this special time!
Breastfeeding- I was recommended and used this little silver cups for your nipples. I know it sounds odd but silver heals the skin (you re-activate it by washing the cups daily with bicarbonate soda) They're called Silverette \n\nhttp://www.silverette.com/en/cups-how-to-use.php
I don't know if you've already seen it but Whitney Port from the Hills has a YouTube channel vlogging her pregnancy and birth. As a momma myself I wish her channel was there when I had my daughter...she is so real and honest. I hope you will check it out :)
I have the Ovia app too and i love how it shows you how big the hands and feet are by week
Medela nipple shields and read as much about breastfeeding as possible.
Also with the ovia app, you get 4 choices of the baby size comparison! If you go to the settings, you can chose from fruits/veggies, silly animals, toys, and persian bakery items!
Jools olivers book Minus Nine To One is my favorite Pregnancy book. XX
have you decided what to do with your belly button piercing? you mentioned it in an earlier video and I can't remember if you came to a decision
You should download the Wonder Weeks app for when your bubba is born! It's sooooo helpful for knowing when your babe is entering a leap and gives you heaps of info of what to expect! X
Bra strap in the tea = great YouTube moment!
My bra straps been dipped in my tea 😂😂😂 love you fleur
An absolute essential is Massage oil for your perineal area to avoid ripping during birth 🙃
I'm 36 weeks. I use the Ovia App!! I find it the most entertaining. This week she is the size of a Cabbage patch doll. I am starting to get very uncomfortable. I have to go to the bathroom every hour some nights which is not very cool. But I guess it is training for the interrupted sleeps that I will have in the not so distant future.
Have you tried any of the H&M maternity wear or George at Asda? They look ok for workwear (shirts, trousers etc). Can find lots of jeans but not many proper trousers.
For once baby is here the wonder weeks app is amazing. Lets you know what stages they're going through at that time. (There is alot) like teething not sleeping etc. It really helped me when my little was growing up. He's 3 now the time really goes so quickly! Enjoy being pregnant it was the best time for me! Xx
'My baby is currently a papaya' 😂😂😂
I also had Ovia app when I was pregnant and liked it a lot :) I had my first baby at the end of August. Newborn essential I really like and I don't know if you have it yet is baby-vac...So funny, but it's a tube that you attach to your vacuum and you can clean a baby's nose with it so easily...Babies have stuffed noses so often, even if they don't have a cold and it's hard for them to eat with stuffed nose...Also treat yourself with massages, pedicures, etc. before the baby comes...:D
For goodness sake do your pelvic floor exercises!! In fact self-care in general is massively important when you have a baby (mine's 8 months now). It's very easy to let it fall by the wayside! \nTwo apps I would recommend for finishing off your pregnancy are Kegal Kat and Contraction Timer. The timer will let you track your stage 1 labour, which I found useful to help me decide when to go to the hospital. Also for the hospital I took a prepared playlist with me - it gives your brain something to focus on when the pain gets bad. Remember to take water and snacks for you and Mike! You'll both (mainly you) need your energy!
Ovia does show you fruit too! Just change what you want to see each week - you can switch between fruit & veg, weird animals, fun & games etc
Hi! I’m about a week ahead of you with a boy so it has been so fun watching your updates!! I have been loving super comfy pajama shorts since I get so hot at night and long tank tops with cardigans as it gets into Fall in the US. My skin has been super dry so I have been going through sheet masks like crazy! XOXO
hi  fleur ! how many weight have you gain ??
Would so love to see a baby names video from you!! Xx
There is an app called Sprout I think you might like. I’m due next week but feel ready now!
Super helpful video! I'm looking forward to getting some comfy maternity wear in the next month (it's early days for me). But I'll be checking out those vitamins today as I do want to take omega 3 as well 🙂
Without plugging....I have filmed loads of videos on pregnancy and breastfeeding. It can be really tough and quite lonely. I found YouTube so helpful for any questions I had xxx
My little boy is six months and the most used things for me are muslins... Millions of them!!he spits up and protects us from having to change a million times a day.\nA basic light weight bouncer, I have two a tiny love rocker and napper(which is also brilliant as it lies flat)and a mothercare basic one as I can lift it one handed so if I need to go to different rooms or the bathroom its portable, I probably used it most for getting ready in my dressing room as he could see me and I wasn't running in and out of rooms to check him.\nA lie flat high chair, hauck do one and other brands(think stokke have new born inserts for theirs,they are very lush looking).bit more  pricier but great for sitting at table or in kitchen and eating and good way to get bubs used to seeing food getting made,eaten,sitting as a family.\nNot new born but my boy is now weaning and I live the Annabel karmel silicone freezer trays supper easy to batch cook and the weaning app on app store for ideas.\nHave loafs more but will leave it here...good luck xkx
Epsom salt baths when I got near the end 🙌
http://www.bounty.com/pregnancy-and-birth/pregnancy/pregnancy-week-by-week/20-weeks-pregnant this like but many more websites
I really loved the H&M maternity jeggings with the full panel that goes all the way up, way more comfortable in my opinion! Also during towards the end of my pregnancy I could not wear any sort of jeans/leggings I lived in maxi dresses!
Newborn essential - this is a bit of a strange one but the Phillips' 'Hue' light bulbs and hub have saved me with my nighttime feeds. You can control your lights with an app on your phone including a dimmer option so you don't need to get up and turn on bright lights at 3am, if you have a bedside cot, you won't even need to get out of bed! I am a wheelchair user so this has literally been the best thing ever!
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
Prenatal vitamins are so important during pregnancy and also if nursing.  Those pregnancy apps look fun to use 👶🏼😊
you are glowing Fleur, i loved Ovia when i was pregnant
This is pretty random, but I’m currently 18 weeks with my first, loving maternity jeans, but I miss tucking in tops!  Anyone else experiencing this? 😆
I'm soaking up every single pregnancy content that you put up lol, so so interesting
Number 1 essential when I had my baby girl: Fisher Price Rock n’ Play. She slept in it until she was 6 months old. It rocks and has a sound machine attached... folds up flat for travel. Super light and easy to move around from room to room. I think it was $75 US. So excited for you guys! My Ava is 19 months old and time is just flying so quickly. Being a mom is just the greatest gift 😊 Enjoy every second!
You might not be this far ahead yet for preparing but I highly recommend socks for labor and a lovely lip balm. I had long labors and forgot socks the first time and the air con is freezing and if you have gas and air your lips get so dry x
If you are doings a name reveal, pls, pls, pls, Please do a sugar cookie name eveal
Yeah my name is Joni, glad you are enjoying my jeans!😅
Are you going to do a nursery tour soon? :D Pretty please!
Hi Fleur, I think we are going to have babies around the same time! Xmas babies :) My essentials have been loose fitting dresses, baby apps The Bump and Ovia, Palmers cocao butter, and teas! First mint tea helped me with my gas in the evening but it ended up giving me more heartburn (was probably overdoing it) so I switched to Chamomile tea and drink it max once a day. Another thing I have been loving is watching pregnancy updates, newborn essentials and a day in the life with newborn videos on Youtube haha! Saludos
I’m 32 weeks pregnant with my 3rd and the biggest essential I can recommend is SLEEP!!! \nRelax and sleep as much as possible. Also, try a pregnancy massage....heaven!!
I don't have a baby myself but im a caregiver and i'd say you need tons of biebs, specially if you care about your baby looking neat. You will need to change them often, for heavy drooling days (lol) i recomend you look for the ones that have plastic lining on the back so moisture stays away from her skin. Also all plastic when they start with food, spots find their way and are hard to remove!
For my third pregnancy I read Jenny McCarthy's Belly Laughs. It is an interesting read. It talks about stuff during pregnancy/birth that are taboo and I found it pretty funny and real.
crazy but importent: Don't forget the dogs:) let them a good smiff of the baby before she'll arrive home xoxo
You should try reading a parenting book called Bringing up Bebe, it's about French parenting techniques, and an American parent. It's really eye opening!
I'm currently 8 months pregnant and I just wanted to say first that I love your updates! Also that if you want to geek it a little more the book the first 6 months is a fantastic book for newborn Info, it's written by a midwife and it's an Australian book if you want to check it out. Xx
Fleur I am obsessed in watching Emily Norris videos. She has done baby essentials which I found really useful
I'm happy for you Fleur!☺
I am actually a nanny for a currently 9month old. But have been with him since he was 3 months.  The things that i would recommend are the BabyWise book by Robert Bucknam M.D. and Gary Ezzo!! The most incredible philosophy on sleep.  Its all about fitting a baby in to your life versus the other way around.  The parents i work for are able to live their normal lives, and know when their child while actually be sleeping versus having a new schedule everyday.  Also a dock-a-tot!!! and back is best sleep suits!
Great video! I'm just behind you at 25 weeks, and I've been loving the Palmer's oil for my belly. I need to try the tummy butter! And I've been reading Bringing up Bébé. Love the book so far. Great advice from an American ex-pat living in France. Hope you're enjoying your pregnancy! You look beautiful! xx
Do you think you and Mike  or just you will do a baby names we love but won't be using video?
pregnacare max is the best used it throughout my pregnancy.....
Two kids down, working on a third. Definitely buy (if avail in UK): Nose Frida, Kinsa Smart Thermometer (probe kind), coconut oil for breastfeeding, and a touch lamp.
I'm 23 weeks pregnant and I'm so glad im not the only freak obsessed with watching every newborn essentials video on YouTube haha
I’ve just noticed your audience is (also) growing at past the 1/2 million mark!  Congrats on keeping great content coming, including your wonderful pregnancy vlogs 💖
My son is now 18 weeks old and my essentials were my fit ball to bounce on as I got close to due date, soft sports bras for bed and night shirts a pose to pj's. when you pack your hospital bag make sure you take some pre made milk bottles I.e cow and gate etc inc saw it takes a while for baby to latch I had been awake for days and my son had tongue tie so our only way to feed him was formula to start.? I have commented before but aquanatal classes are the best thing I ever did for exercise and to meet other mums. My no.1 tip is to meet other people at antenatal classes that are due a similar time, no matter what you read nothing beats k owing other people are going through the exact same and it is the best form of support as a new mum, I never ever read a pregnancy book as it is such a personal experience you just learn and develop every day when baby arrives. enjoy every second of being pregnant, before you know it you will have the most perfect little person by your side but my gosh you will miss your bump after a while. It's honestly the best feeling in the world xxxx
Yes leggings are a must during the last part of pregnancy and if there is one thing to invest in for baby it's a good car seat and stroller hands down
I just had my baby girl last week!!' Definitely recommended sleepyhead ! You should do a 'favourite names' , 💯for the Topshop jeans x
Hey Fleur! Would you talk about how pregnancy has effected your relationship with Mike? All good if that's too personal though! Xx
I don't have kids yet but I really like your videos :) \nWhere are your necklaces from? They're SO cute.\nAnd I also love your iPhone cover - where is it from?
I’m 35 weeks I use the glow nurture app I find talking to other ladies due the same time as me reassuring
Have you been keeping a pregnancy journal? I've always considered keeping one when I get pregnant but I'm bot sure how time consuming that would be
Omg this was me last year- I can't believe how fast this year has gone. My little boy was born 27th December. Savour everything because you'll blink and miss it!!
On Ovia, at least in the US, you can  change the size comparisons. Mines currently toys, but you can change it to fruit if you want!
I'm 20 weeks pregnant, my essentials are also the pregnacare max and clarins body tonic oil for my tummy it smells amazing and last for ages!!! Xxxxx
Where is that moon and star necklace from!? So beautiful! For me i found bio oil actually was more effective for stretch marks based on my two pregnancies. Second pregnancy i combined the body butter with bio oil and saw a significant difference.
Loving the videos about your pregnancy, keep them coming 💕xxx
My daughter is 7 months old and I've been sharing our journey on my blog. I'll link to a few posts that might be useful. :) \nTen Items Used Daily With 6 Month Old - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/09/ten-items-used-daily-with-6-month-old.html\nNewborn Essentials - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/03/newborn-essentials-what-worked.html\nLactation Cookies - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/04/trail-mix-lactation-cookies-dairy-free.html\nThird Trimester Must Haves - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/02/third-trimester-must-haves.html\nSecond Trimester Must Haves - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/02/second-trimester-must-haves.html
You'll be a beautiful mama. Love you 😘😘👶👶
I'm due 22nd January I'm currently in week 24! Been absolutely loving the pregnancy videos:) xx
i used a contraction counter app which i found very useful! :) x
Hi fleur omg 6 months where's the time gone not long now.so excited for you guys.ive heard so much about hypno birthing have you thought about that yet.you look amazing.xx😀
I'm 6months ahead. Wren is 16 weeks now. Postpartum essential; high waisted leggings that suck you in again because I felt like I was falling apart, so empty and flabby and most of my maternity jeans just let the flab hang out! These ones are most like the ones I had. \nhttps://m.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/textured-elastic-ponte-legging-5855128\n\nBreastfeeding essential is support. All hands on deck to feed you and keep the tea and toast and pillows and blankets coming especially that first two weeks. It will hurt a lot until it doesn't. Cabbage leaves for engorgement work really well, surprisingly! \nBaby essentials; Vibrating bouncer seat, clevamama sleep pod, playmat with overhead toys, mirror for the car headrest. \nAnd the very first thing I ditched was my fancy over the shoulder nappy bag in favour of a backpack style handbag from primark. Throw it on your back, both hands free for baby. \nOh and keep getting baby clothes YOU love because you'll get SO many pink things or baby gear emblazoned with Daddy's little princess. x
If you chopped yourself in half... bahaha, i love how your sense of humor gets injected into whatever you're talking about. Such a chill gal!
Essentials- full fat coke and coffee- sugar and caffeine will be your friend;) and  big comfy granny pants- just in case of c section, loads of loose pj bottoms/lounge wear. I had packed bloody leggings to come home in- ended up having an unplanned c section and I couldn't even get my foot in them! Nothing tight! x
when is she due
Loved watching this even though I'm currently not pregnant 😍
I really hope you do breastfeed! It's the most nutritious and wonderful milk for your baby and there's nothing quite like it on Earth. Make use of lactation consultants too who can and will make your breastfeeding journey easier. \nMany women stop due to them thinking they're not producing enough, when in fact it's just the baby cluster feeding! Newborns eat constantly, it's their way of regulating your milk supply and will take around 12 weeks to establish. \nIf you haven't already, read up the science behind it all. It's incredible stuff! ❤️
Where is your moon/star necklace from Fleur? It is beautiful! Thank you so much for doing this video! Love hearing all the essentials and tips you've figured out along your pregnancy. I'm so excited for you! Btw your glowing! <3
Are you sure you're normally a 32C Fleur? I was measured as a 32C recently and I'm quite busty for my petite frame. Either that or you just hide your boobs very well :-)
Oh my goodness, I wasn't prepared for the fruit thing and you saying your baby is currently a papaya. :D
Currently my baby is a papaya... That made me laugh... So cute
my twin babies (a boy and a girl!) are three months old! :) I lived in maternity leggings the last month of my pregnancy. the thought of putting jeans on when i was that uncomfortable made me want to cry. so, for sure stock up on comfy, stretchy leggings! especially for when you are swollen towards the end. good luck!! best wishes!!
Which items are sponsored? The first one I'd say?
My mom was pregnant in the very early 70s, and there wasn't such a thing as prenatal care in those days (no vitamins either). She lost a few teeth due to it, no joke (because I was taking all of the calcium out of her). I think it's essential to get these vitamins in and I'm glad they do this now and it exists!
So extra.
An Ad? Seriously?? Come on.
That thumbnail made you look like Victoria justice!
This is #19 on trending
awesome that you put the warning about the flashing images!!! this is so important!! (your sister might take an example ;p)
Ik someone that was there in that night
#19 on trending ☺️☺️☺️
Happy birthday Nicole
What she doing with this dweeb lol
Nicole had a baby when she was 19!!
I hope ya had a lovely birthday and got what you wanted 😄🎁🎈🎈🎈
Honestly I'm not the biggest baby fan, but Harlow is THE SWEETEST thing ever, hands down the cutest baby I've seen in my life
Hope you had a lovely bday! 💗 you guys have the cutest family!!
you too are way to cute 😭😫
wow i thought u were 26
Random but where did you get the wrapping paper?? 😂😂😂 I like how you wrapped the presents haha xxx
Was anyone else cringing when he was on about the pole dancing
Hi it's my birthday Monday the 9th
You bunch of mongs like to get on trending.
Hope you had an amazing birthday Nicole! 💖👶🏼💋
Happy birthday ni 🥂would you mind checking my channel out?x
Ni you are always so beautiful and no doubt baby Harlow is going to be the same! Happy birthday lovely, hope it was the best day for you ❤️❤️
damn i wanna work at a haunted maze scaring people lol 19:27 shes so pretty
I actually so want to meet Jed. You need to do a video with him!!!
Happy birthday Ni. Harlow is so cute❤. Love you all.
Happy birthday ni we all love you 😘
#19 on trending 💗💗💗! Happy birthday Nicole💕😘 Harlow is such a lucky girl!
I hope you had a great Birthday Ni.
I'm 20 today! So you're a a day older ni!💖
Does she count as a MILF because of Harlow?
Ni is 20 and this video is 20 on trending 🤔😂❤️
Hope you have had a great day today it's my birthday on Sunday
Casey I have the same birthday as nicole the 6th of october
Any small youtubers want to support each other? xx
I LOVE YOU THREE SM YOU HAVE NO CLUE💙💗💗💗💗💗💗
I thought ni was about 22!😱
Happy birthday Nea wow #trending once again absolutely smashing it watched from day one 🎉🎉👌
Happy Birthday Nicole  hope u had an amazing day !🎉🎈❣️
how is this no 2 on trending?!
Why is this 2nd on trending?
Thankyou for the warning of the flashing ☺️ I’m epileptic so I’m sooo glad you told us 😂. Hope Nicole had a great birthday x
Omg well done you are #2 on trending😝😏💙
please sub to my channel show please some love  i do Iphone tutorials  like how to get spotify premium for free no jail break and how to get netflix for free  and more  please sub to me i think you guys will your videos are great , i promise i will posts new videos every two days   i am doing with my  new iphone 8  i am not joking ,so please if i can get my first 100 sub 🙏😇 👍♥️♥️
you deserve everything and more! love you guys xx
This is no 2 trending x happy late birthday Ni ❤️❤️❤️
Happy birthday Nicole have a great day
So cutee!💓 love you guys loadss❤️ hope you had a great birthday Nicole💋🎉
My Favourite internet love couple❤️ My Glow Queen and her knight in shining armour and their little gorgeous princess.. why people hate on them I don’t know it actually puzzles me how people can be so nasty about people they don’t actually know. I can actually say if anyone inspired me to start my own YouTube channel it is this little family and I actually adore each of them so much for being so genuine, people say how some youtubers act fake on camera but Nicole and Casey are actually genuine and real the same with saffron and I’m honestly looking forward to the day I get to meet them and thank them personally although I’d probably get overly shy, aha😂 point is you haters actually have no reason to hate on them if you don’t know them and if you’ve never met them... KEEP DOING WHAT YOU DO BEST NASEY BECAUSE YOU’RE PERFECT HOW YOU ARE! I LOVE YOU GUYSS SO SO SO MUCH❤️💍🎦😋 ps...Casey, you’ve got a one in a million time to put a ring on it don’t you think?!❤️💍
I’m 20 in two months and Nicole looks so much more of a 20 year old than me😂😅
Whats nicoles channel?
This bitch fire
Yasss ❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
Your vid is on 15 trending
Personalised number plate (NII H..)? 5:49
Omg nicole looked so white
#15 on trending this video
Happy birthday Ni ❤️😊😘
15 on trending
happy birthday
Happy💞20th🌎Birthdayyy❤️😘
Tf is this shit 😂
Where were they?
Happy late birthday Nicole 😘❤️🎉
💕💕💗💗💓💓
Epilepsy warning near the end
Happy birthday ni love u xxxxxxxx
Happy birthday 🍰
Happy birthday 💖💜💘💕💖💜💘💕
TRENDING 17.
Who the fuk cares
#2OnTrending
Happy 20 th birthday Nichole ❤️❤️
Happy Birthday 💝🎁🛍🎉🎊
Why is this trending
2nd in trending💙🍂
#2 trending well done xxxxxxx💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍🍍👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
2 on trending so proud ❤️❤️
Hola amigos como están?
Fuming can’t see her presents in this 😭😭
Hope you had a brill birthday Nicole
Nicoles should do a birthday haul on her channel
Happy birthday ni!! Hope you had a lovely day! ❤️❤️
Do another draw my life now you have go harlow
Happy birthday Nicole hope you had a good one
When your few month older than ni but you look so much younger than her gotta love baby face xx
Awe she's adorable💙she's a double of casey💛you are such good parents xx also hope u had a good bday❤❤😙
9 on trending guys! Happy birthday Nicole, love you all. been a fan all the way
Happy birthday ni💓💓 I bet Harlow wishes u a happy birthday aswell💕 hope you Casey and Harlow all enjoyed ur special day
I think Casey is slowly picking up Nicoles accent <3
#15 ON TRENDING WOOOO💖💖💖
Happy birthday great day
#2. On trending!!!🙌🏻🙌🏻
#2 ON TRENDING !!!
#2 on trending ayee ayee 🎉🎉🎉💗
Number 2 on trending !!
What’s Nicole’s channel ??
It’s trending ur video 💜💜
If you don't mind me asking, where was Harlow while you were at Scream park? X
Omg 2nd trending
What did I just watch ? Why is this trending ?
What’s that place called you all went to?❤️
What’s ni YouTube channel name
He doesnt haveuch of a voice but idk who am i to talk...
Now Available on your Pineapple Store
Omg this Song is amazing!!\nKeep up the good work\nFrom portugal 💎
Wow ! This is an art ! 👌👏
This is my theme song when I Jack off
This is sooo good  I have listened this like 50 times.
I'm listening to it over 5 times till now! Amazing!
I bet Anwar was the choreographer of the those dudes dancing
I love this song ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I've literally watched this 15 million times 😊
There's just one problem about is video it ended😪😪
I can't stop listening to this Rudy is talent and he should go to America's got talent and for those people who this thumbs down this or hates this WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU
Why does this sound like something in the christphor robin movie? I mean, this is amazing. For me about this question, just a thought
Whouaaaaaa your song is on French Radio !!\nWell done, what a great song !
you need a award of the beast music in2017
Rudy should be black and white for halloween
Is this song going to be available to download on itunes
Wait, weren't you just a trash viner and now you think your some artist? Fuck off dude you have 0 talent
sooo talented guy... seriously I did't know who is this guy.. and I subscribed\n\nbtw, love your vdeo.. plsz make split love part 2.
Rudy makes my favorite videos and knowing he plays piano makes me wanna watch him more hbu guys
When rudy sang it hurt my ears
Rudy I have so thing to tell you are you going to be an piano for hallowen? Plus happy hallowen 🎃
I love this song so much i can't stop listening it I love it so much i hear it everyday I love u 😚😚😚😚😘
I've only ever seen one Rudy Mancuso video before this and I just wanted to say this was very well done and I enjoyed this music video. Rudy you are very talented and I loved the piano! Look forward to what you do next.
talented people like him still at 3M while jake paul is at 11M smh...
I swear one of those have to be Lele 2:00
I have watched this an unhealthy amount of times.
The paint stuff reminds me of where are U now
This is a good song
THIS SONG IS SO LIT THAT IT BURNED ITS EVERYDAY BRO OMGGG
He will reach 4 million subscribers
I seen this like 100 💯 times I love it 😍
Anybody else desperately looking for the piano in this song?
Why is this not on the radio yet?
What genre is this song? I was having this debate with a friend I need to know what other people think
I love the music
i listen to this like 30 times
Oh no my phone died of me listening to this song worth it doh like if you agree
Thank you rudy you have helped me get and idea for hallow
He just made a great song with a cool music video and he didn't make it super sexual or about drugs like every artist nowadays this is the quality of music that needs to happen more often
Bet next is going to be brown and yellow\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBrown: Mexican \nYellow: Asian
*THIS SHIT IS FIRE NOT LIKE ALL THIS OTHER YOUTUBE MUSIC THAT SOUNDS LIKE SHIT*
I didn't really know who Rudy was until now but I really like this song!
This shit is good keep making more man
Finally a Youtuber that can make music!
This is way better than other YouTube crap rappers
I like to play this song on my phone and put headphones on and then play on my ps4,\nMy ps4 gamer tag is StingiestHades2
I figure it's not your style of video but It would be awesome if you made a piano tutorial for this cuz I'd love to learn it on my piano love your vids btw and I'm glad you finally made a song
Kewl song
Freakin’ amazing!!!
25th on trending!!!
Love it
Song is awesome but is he colourblind
Finally! Chocolate Rain reincarnated.
I LOVE YOU ❤️😘💕 🇸🇦🇸🇦
It's awesome
yeaahhhhh!!!
Not bad
yeeaaaaaassssss #26 trending on uk
Love your piano playing
Been on trending for 3 straight days! \nCONGRATS RUDY! 😆👏🏼
RICKY MARTIN FT BIGGIE SMALLS
awesome
I LOVE IT.
Making it my iPhone X ringtone definitely. 💪
#TheExampleOfTalented
wow
Best song
hi
This song is dope
Master piece
I love it
Rudy your really talented
Sounds like cumbia
Poo bear
ART.
☺☺☺☺☺☺☺
Like new Yt poster
Impressive
Fire
sexy music rudy
Rudy could make a song of diversity and different races and he could literally change every ones prospective on black and white people telling people that we are all the same 😘😍😝
How do they breathe in that white costume
99% of you won't see this. But have a great day? :)
I watched this on the Pineapple 8 Fhone it was GREAT!!
You are the best rudy keep it up
I swear one of them is anwar
This is true art and honestly might become a modern classic. I hope this is the song people remember from 2017 instead of freaking everyday bro.
I here this song 21 times today
I love you Rudy
Man I love this so much I am listening to this while doing my home work on the minute of my bday that is how good his music is
He's really good at these
I don't think anybody said it yet, but Poo Bear 👏👏🐻
Rudy is the king of music
I just can't stop listening to this.... <3
I listened to this song every day and today October 7 2017 I listened to this song 5 time, s
good song 💰😐
Rudy is my cousin
This song is awesome best song I’ve ever heard
..... racist ......
HELLO BBs! happy friday!!! i got this face mask smuggled to me from italy... and i'm glad i did! would you guys try this? xox, saf!
Bruh let me slide in the dms
love the way you speak. it's so addictive. subscribed!
That's not a Picasso painting XD it's Edvard Munch
Hey Safiya, can you try this lipstick? I found it on instagram. They say it's supposed to be completely kids proof. https://sleeqbeauty.com/products/sleeq-bud-waterproof-matte-liquid-lipstick-40-off
Omg they both put the mask wrong i'm going nuts my occ it's screaming
My fiance and I first saw you through Shane's channel and been hooked since. All yours are so interesting to watch! LYSM
hello there! i think i've figured out how the mask works. the cable plugs into the headphone jack, so yes, there will be electric current running through the metal, as you indicated with the multimeter. however, there is no current detected on the mask because the electrodes are essentially earbuds. the current you picked up from the metal connectors is converted to vibrations, similar to how earbuds work. the mask acts like a conductor to distribute the vibrations throughout your face, and that's probably what you end up feeling.
WHAT IS THAT CLASSICAL SONG AT AROUND 5:50 I’ve heard it so many times the past week and it’s been killing me
thanks to me you have this!😂
Hi Safiya! I really enjoy your videos ;) and this was fun to watch, but I wanted to let you know that you're not actually reading if there was any energy capacity circulating thought the mask , you were measuring the intensity and it was quite low actually. Also as a recommendation for the further use of the multimeter you shall not stick together the black and red wires you may fuse the fusil inside of it and even though it may work, it won't be precise enough . Hope it's useful ! Greetings from Mexico 🙋🏻🤓
Is it just me or is the background music that SNL Hello Muddah Hello Fadduh camp song?
Your fucking shit, clear face and then using it to see if it works... its clear face again there's no difference dumb fuck
NO NO PLS DONT BRING UP 11 from stranger things 😭😭😭
Take a shot every time you see a comment whining about him saying Picasso. You'll black out in 5 minutes
5 volts, 2000 milliamp,  it won’t kill you...
We both had Avatar sex on my phone.
As she removes her mask from her sideburns, I'm having flashbacks of mic tape removal during school musicals....
You should try tophatter, I'd love to see that
He's such a good sport, i love it
It's like a tens unit for your face
Props to that person who sent that to saf🙌🏼
I like the way she says hello at the beginning 😂
Picasso didn’t do that painting but A for effort
you look dead with your makeup on and so alive without it
Hey, The Scream is by Edvard Munch, very different time period! Innocent mistake :). Also, I love how thorough you are going to actually see if there is electricity in it, it’s super cool that you don’t just say oh well and write it off.
She looked exactly the same
You're really pretty without makeup
Love hw much effort you put into videos really makes you a great YouTuber great video Safiya 💕😊
Scream the Picasso painting...\nMe: *dead*
Art nerds are crying on the inside.
You measure current in series and not parallel, that means that for you to test how much current is going through, you would disconnect the mask, run one probe into the male end of the plug, and run the other lead into the female end of the plug.  This would mean that the current flows through the multimeter.  If you wanted to check to see if there was a current flowing, you could have just used the voltage setting.
From this video I learned Tyler doesn't know much about popular culture
Hey girl love your videos, I have a weird request for you look up Dani Thorne she's Bella's sister, you guys have very similar faces.💆
The Scream is by Edvard Munch you uncultured swine
beat quote of the whole episode  I'd didn't know I would have more sideburns than 20 Italian college students sameeeeee
*tastes lotion* \nTyler: You need to stop eating lotion.\n\n...has she done it before? XD
I didn't get notified so I'm here 2 days late :(
but what if your phone doesn’t have a headphone jack? APPLE THISNIS A PROBLEM
I love how Tyler isn't like ugh you're making me do this too? like any time Saf does something weird and gets Tyler to do it too he's like Yeah let's do this! I love it lol
Thanks for trying this so I know not to buy it!
I kept thinking of Alyssa Edwards when you had the mask on! XD
You should try compressed face mask tablets and play around with some different DIY recipes! (Or maybe make another Mountain Dew mask... o__o;)
Lol a sample size of twenty tells you absolutely nothing
Thanks for the stranger things spoiler alert Tyler 🙄🙄🙄🙄
What if your phone doesn’t have a headphone jack? Rip apple iPhones from now on 😔
Can you do a video mixing a bunch of shampoos together or body wash or conditioner
I really like how you dont just try the mask and then thats it but you actually check the mask and check the science behind:D
You should make a video on the app Wanelo
The Scream you know that picasso painting THAT'S NOT PICASSO, YA FOOL! That's Munch!!!!
Next video: I bought the first 5 things the playskin app recommended for me
This is why we all adore safiya, she makes so interesting videos ever! Like who's ever made videos like saf's? Shes our amazing original youtuber. Love ya saf :*
Ok the scream isn’t by Picasso 😂 Edward Munch anyone? I feel like a total art nerd
Please do a full face of squiggle makeup for a day!
Who else wants her shirt?
Please wear all the trends like chokers sunglasses and etc
You should do a video on Prom Dresses from Wish !
i will never forget saf's face at 7:11 \ni actually laffed out loud
Thankfully they didn't have you hook the mask into the power port of the phone, because an amperage reading like you did may have blown the meter (since you were shorting the leads, which most likely 1 is positive and the other negative and your face is suppose to be the resistance on the line).  I'm curious what the reading was though.  0.03m or 30 micro amps.  I guess I would have liked to see the voltage reading.  Since it takes 10KV on dry skin to break the barrier, where as oily skin may take 1KV.\n\nI guess I wouldn't believe the audio port to be able to output enough to do anything to affect you, but also you were on DC I believe I noticed and your audio should be AC.  Since you oscillate the speaker to produce sound waves.
Why is she copying Buzzfeed? Girl you need to be more original you idiot
I would try this xD I would prob die tho cuz I have bad luck with electronics
Just for the record: you were actually using the Multimeter wrong ... If you want to measure current (A on the Multimeter) you need to put it in between the electrode and the part that comes from your phone ... If you wanted to get the Voltage, you would have put the detectors correctly
Every time someone plays this vid at 7:15, Edvard Munch sneezes in the afterlife.
It’s funny that for Tyler most products work or do something for him but safiya doesn’t have it work or do anything for her but it works most times
if you’ve updated your phone to the latest ios then you should be able to record your screen without connecting to ya laptop!
The FitnessGram  Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal.
His name was  no face  the scream was painted by Edward munch . You have no more side burns but you still look fabulous
The picasso painting?\nFYI, not all art is made by picasso.
But with new phones theres no headphone jack so what are u supposed to do
Please do the 23 and me thing, I bet it'll be a wonderful video idea!
Make a video with freddie
do a makeup favorites video
How bout a vid where you change your hair color/style? 🤔
Off topic, but Tyler's eyelashes are so long, I kinda wanna see them curled.
You’re number 21 to use this and trending #21 in the uk :)
Anyone else think she looks like Gabbie from The Gabbie Show on her thumbnail pic
OMG LAST TIME I WAS HERE SHE HAD 1MIL SUBS!
Check out and sub to our channel we love you all!💖 Join the fandom!😂
picasso painting?:DD more like Edvard Munch
buut, *DID IT FEEL GOOD THO* ?
https://unicorndustcosmetics.myshopify.com
Thumbnails are always shit
Nothing changed
Ou babe you doin so much better without fuckfeed anyway lemme eat your ass?:))
Please wear Kylie Jenners New lipstick BUTTERNUT for one day!!
Trendibgbggngn queennn 💞👻❤️❤️❤️
Oh my goshhh I live in Ferraraaaaa🔝
ho ho ho
Congrats on trending 😊
Your skin looks real smooth
http://www.neutrogena.com/skin/skin-acne/light-therapy-acne-mask/6810124.html
Holographic Sneaker https://youtu.be/IIrYal-ksMk
No name\n😂😂😂
pumpkin daddy lmao
Clickbait for the win
the picasso painting lmao no Tyler
You should try being vegitarian or vegan for a week, it's a cool experience, and it's suprising how many things have animal products in them.
Ok this video was normal until Tyler threw that lotion/cream on his face 😂😂 who the hell puts lotion on like that he like threw it then started rubbing it unevenly all over the place 😂😂👍 that was the best
It's funny how wish was the commercial😂😂
safs pls mix all of your highlighters together
I hate James Charles
I have nothing against this person, but please YouTube, what the fuck is this doing in my recommended?!
SISTERS IM SITTING HERE WITH MY PINKITY DRINKITY
Love this look! 😍 y’all are perfect
men shouldn't wear makeup. It's disturbing
you are mentally ill.  Homosexuality is not to be glorified on.
THE FACT HE ASKED HER IF SHE WANTED HIS LASHES OMH YOURE SO CUTE JAMES!! ❤
Can you please recreate Miranda make up look on yourself
Her makeup is so good
why do i feel like james talks as if he has saliva he needs to swallow in his throat
this is honestly so wholesome and pure
What editing app does he use because I’m wanting to start YouTube
She looks more pretty without makeup.
I love the way you are not afraid to be yourself :)))
You and Tana should do another collab
THIS MAKE UP LOOK ON COLLEEN THOOOO!!!
You have the cutest intro !!
colleen looks so good w that dark red lip 😍
Omg they look the same
I love this video
HE'S REALLY EMBARRASSED BY HOW HE'S TALKING BUT THIS IS HOW SO MANY PEOPLE REPLY TO THE PEOPLE THEY LOVE
i feel like i’m in a church and it’s like sister kory, how are you. but i love it
*James looks away*\n\nDo you want mine?
Do a singing video with her!!!!
when u took bailey to the zoo love u with bangs wow
Hey guys please go check out my first ever YouTube video! It's really funny you'll love it! Thanks!!
Why is James prettier than me🙏🏻💕😩
Honestly, that lipstick really finished the look so good. Dang
It's weird watching Miranda talk in Colleen's voice
Miranda dragging James on his own channel! I love
i’m still waiting on that trevor moran collab😂
I love you so much
Hahaha I’m wearing the same jumper as Colleen rn 😂😂😂 (well I think 😂😭)
Why does she look like grace helbig??
This look looks so good on her
Can you please make an alien makeup tutorial
JAMES AND COLLEEN COULD BE SIBLINGS OMG THEY ARE IDENTICAL 😮
Honestly couldn’t tell the difference between Miranda and James. Both beautiful
You tweeted her on my birthday:)
I\nC\nO\nN\nI\nC
Stop hating on james!! I love him 💗💗💗💗
It's either boy it girl
i love how james just casually whips out a fan and starts fanning miranda’s face
He's so fucking gorgeous
Fuck LGBT fucking disgrace to their ancestors.
He so cute!
eglaf presents cellulite remover https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074BL1VMJ
Hi sexx deer, send vagena pics plz\nNo cloth on
IM OBSESSED NOW OH MY GOD
Cakky
8:12 gives me life😂😂😂😂😂😂
fffffffffaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkk😡😡😡😡
TREEEEENDING!!
Y
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Miranda exposed
Freak
Youtube R.I.P 2017
Wtf did I just watch
This is beautiful😂juvenile James is too cute❤️much love sisters😍
Miranda, Colleen and James in just one video!!! Iconic✨
This is my first James Charles video.... I love him.
When James screamed my 10 year old cousin said “why does it sound like there’s a dying moose or something?” And I cried
8:13 james did that 'phoebe buffay' laugh i love him 😂
can you do my makeup plz
James please come do my prom makeup this year
And do not be best friend with ricky
She's looks a little goth.. I love it!
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH OMG😍😍😍😍❤❤❤❤
Wow making fun of the it fandom James? Get out.
PREACH IT JAMES!! Holy shit yes. I am a professional makeup artist and hell to the no I cannot do makeup as good as you. I would much rather have spent my money on being a self taught.
Can you please make a video on your fav highlighters <3<3
You suck at make-up, just give up.
the fact that james was ready to rip the lashes off his face for colleen is everything tbh.
What the fuck is that thing
Beauty much 😋
Colleen looks on fireeee!!!!
Lovely MakeUp! Subscribing to sistah Mirfanda!
That’s nasty
why is this trending🤦🏾‍♀️
Ew.
Just came here to check the comments section and all of the people who have commented have a profile picture in which they are wearing a lot of makeup. Just saying...
Nooooooooooooo!! I have the same hair as the guy on the left.
I love you james Charles.  you are a queen 💙💙💙
two of the most iconic youtubers love it!
That's one beautiful man. Makeup is truly magic.
this world is fucked in a head
Ew ew... what am I watching??? Such odious people, I tell ya!
Wouldn't it be great if youtube's trending was actually videos that are trending instead of them pysing their agenda on us?
I’m 15 instead of typing a hate comment I’m going to just simply ask what makes a male behave this way? People say there is a hormone imbalance or they are just “born that way” this is one of the things I would probably never understand about the human brain and certain people. If someone could please try to explain this to me, I mean no disrespect.
Came here disliked I’m a simple person
Why the fuck is this trash on trending
Omg this is pathetic
OMFG JAMES' MAKE-UP IS SOOOOOO ON FLEEEEEK LOOKING AT THIS IM SO JEAULOUS❤️❤️HE IS A LEGEND
Wow your boy and u like makeup wow that’s like weird for me likes it’s so weird
What is James I don’t like it
What a fuckin wierd estrogen riddled world we live in I can't even tell who's the female
which one is colleen?
Faggets.
literally what??? this makeup is so good wowowowowowowow!!! i feel likes he's better when he does it on some else
Isla Fisher is about a 9.\nAmy Adams. ..3+...?\nI'd never confuse them.
Where did someone get the idea that she looks like Isla Fisher? It was Jenna Fischer, not her. Mainly because Amy Adams character in The Office looking like Pam was the butt of the joke in one of the episodes. Is it the Mandela effect or are people just stupid?
plot Twist : Isla Fisher is Amy Adams
I use to confuse the 2 as well.
But seriously they have totally different faces! I looooove isla fisher
When she busted out with her American accent I couldn’t help but be like “OMG REBECCA BLOOMWOOD I LOVE YOU” lol I know Isla from Confessions of a Shopaholic and it’s one of my all time favorite movies and I love her she’s a fantastic actress<3
It's simple, one is married to Borat. the other one is not!
you can tell right away she has wrinkles
The girl from Drag me to Hell\nlooks like them too, i am convinced Hollywood is Cloning Bitches cause Jenna, isla, Amy, D.M.T.H. & 2 other girls i seen in lesser known films all looking alike is Weird 😁
Penny Pax is not Amy Adams
Wait a minute, so there are two of you? Then who have I been watching? Now I can't tell.... I'm even more confused now.
WHAT THE HELL ISLA FISCHER IS AUSTRALIAN????? HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS!
She honestly doesn't look that much like Amy Addams. The two actresses who actually do look alike are Natalie Portman and Kiera Knightley.
I don't get it....... Is Isla Fisher a character Amy Adams plays? Why is she pretending to be a different person? Someone please explain!
They're both hot. No debate needed.
I loved Isla in Scooby doo
Wow she has an accent???
Jimmy Kimmel bashes Trump bc of the gross locker-room tapes, but Jimmy Kimmel literally had a show called The Man Show, that did nothing but objectify women.
I'd smash both
But Amy Adams is ugly
Can't lie, i watched that cruddy comedy Keeping up with the Joneses and thought she was Amy Adams, LUL.
Lmao... so basically what it’s like to be Asian in america
Wait, Amy Adams wrote a children's book? Cool.
So you're telling me your not amy adams nice try amy but  your not fooling anybody
And Amy Adams is not Bryce Dallas Howard
Is that lipstick on her teeth?
Samuel L. Jackson is not Laurence Fishburne
And there's Sophia Lillis, their teenage version.
Maybe it’s because I’m a redhead myself, but they look nothing alike to me.
One of y'all change hair color
The Xbox One IS NOT The Xbox OneX
I'm still a little confused.
I took me three minutes to realize this isn't Jenna Fischer. Seriously, now I'm get all three mixed up!
I love her so damn much \nLast night saw Definitely Maybe and now this
lol any one else mistake them for Donna?
I used to be like they look exactly the same. WTF!! \nEven until this very day, I still sometimes confused which is Isla and which is Amy but I know I'm better than the rest of you. 😏\nAt least I know how to differentiate them.\nAnd Isla, you're gorgeous in a different way from Amy, you have your own charisma and so does Amy. I watched your movies and your acting is excellent! I hope you get better chances in the future to show your talent. 😊😚
OMG hahaha I was just thinking of this.
They are.\nThey're the same person!\nYou all know it.
SHE'S NOT AMERICAN????
Wow. She’s got a slight accent!!! Wow. Never knew that!
I know.....Amy Adams is a much better actress...
Isla is so cute and I loved Confessions of a Shopaholic she is an ageless beauty hot Momma ♥️
omg, i confuse the two all the time.
I've ALWAYS thought this. I thought I was the only one
I adore both of them, two fo my favorite actresses.
I actually thought they were the same person
Who cares?! They're both beautiful women
I thought he'd be crying - 😭😭😭why do people always confuse you with Amy Adams? So sad!!!
Nope... Isla fisher is much more pretty! On another note I'm told I look like the nights king???? Weird!
When you start writing kids books your career is OVER....SAD
And Amy Adams IS NOT Jenna Fischer 😂
They do look alike you would have to stare at them and really study their features.
OMGG YOU PEOPLE ARE SO STUPID!!! THEY DO NOT LOOK ALIKE!!!\n\nisla fisher ==> Confessions of a Shopaholic\namy adams ==> The Office\n\nGET IT RIGHT YOU DUMBASSES! I HAVE A VERY LOW TOLERANCE FOR STUPIDITY
I thought both pictures were Jemma Fischer from the office
I enjoyed seeing Isla in enchanted. Beautiful performance
Javier Bardem is NOT Jeffrey Dean Morgan.
Isla is so beautiful.
Nina Dobrev is not Victoria Justice.
Islam Fisher is WAY hotter
she's really cute!!!
Woodbury both.
So beautiful
Finally!!!!😊
yassss rebecca bloomwood!
Isla is so much hotter
Isla fisher is way hotter.
I love maryjane
Jimmy Kimmel is not Jimmy Fallon
Charlize Theron and Scarlett Johanssen
Isla fisher is way hotter!!
Both are fit
SHES SO BEAUTIFUL
Victoria justice is not Nina Dobrev
Omg I love you WENDY!
She's waaaaaay sexier than Amy Adams
Omg I love isla Fisher 💜💜💜💜💜
Jenna Fischer
She looks like debra messing
I literally thought they were the same person omg... You dont understand, I'm a ginger too and I get told I look like Amy Adams all the time, and even i couldnt tell the difference O_O
(Jesus, The Great I AM!):\n\nJesus said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nBefore Abraham was, I AM.\n\nThen took they up stones to cast at him:\nbut Jesus hid himself, \nand went out of the temple,\n\ngoing through the midst of them, \nand so passed by.\n\n(John 8:58-59).\n\n***(I AM): Jesus was not just claiming to have lived before Abraham; He was claiming eternal existence. He was claiming to be, God Himself.\n\n***(Exodus 3:14)<---And (God) said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, (I AM) hath sent me unto you.\n\n***This time the Jewish leaders understood that Jesus was claiming to be God, so they took up stones to stone him for blasphemy. \n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(I AM):\n\n(Gk. ego emimi);\n\n*(John 6:35)<---And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst).\n*(John 10:7)<---Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep).\n*(John 10:14)<---I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine).\n*(John 15:1)<---I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman).\n*(John 18:5)<---They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them).\n\n***Strong's #1473; 1510:\nThis expression denotes self-identity in self-sufficiency. In one breath, Jesus asserted His eternal preexistence and His absolute deity. Abraham, as with all mortals, came into existence at one point in time. The Son of God, unlike all mortals, never has a beginning. He is eternal; and He is God.\n\nThis is evident in Jesus use of the words I AM for Himself. This statement recalls the Septuagint (The Greek OT) translation of Exodus 3:6 & 14, in which God unveiled His identity as the I AM WHO I AM. Thus Jesus was claiming to be the ever-existing, self-existent God.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus claims equality with God in Power):\n\nThen answered Jesus \nand said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nThe Son can do nothing of himself, \n\nbut what he seeth the Father do:\nfor what things soever he doeth, \n\nthese also doeth the Son likewise.\n\n(The Son can do nothing of himself): Means that action by the Son apart from the Father is impossible because of the unity of the Father and the Son. (Whatever he does, the Son also does): Is a claim of deity and unity with the Father).\n\nFor the Father loveth the Son, \nand sheweth him all things \nthat himself doeth:\n\nand he will shew him \ngreater works than these, \nthat ye may marvel.\n\n(The son does what the Father does because the Father loves the son. Moreover, because the Father loves the Son, he reveals all to him. The Father would show the Son greater works than the healing of the sick man. Jesus would raised the dead and eventually judge humanity).\n\nFor as the Father raiseth up the dead, \nand quickeneth them; \neven so the Son quickeneth \nwhom he will.\n\n(The Son gives life): As God raises people from the dead and gives them life, so Christ gives people spiritual life. Jesus claimed the same power as God, thus claiming that he is equal with God).\n(John 5:19-21).
they do look the fcking same
OMG At 3:40 when she starts smiling she looks exactly like Amy Adams!
Okay, Isla Fisher, I love you in NOW YOU SEE ME, there :)
And they both don’t have souls.
They play way to much ahaha
Are you sure? They're both GORGEOUS
Jimmy Kimmel sounds to fake Definitely not reading from a script 🙄
Amy Adams is a basic hoe who thinks she can ride the Superman wave for cash.\n\nVery subpar actress.
Must suck to be her lol
I’d bang both of them so what’s the problem?
I get isla fisher and alice eve mixed up
Did anyone notice that she looks exactly like Amy Adams? OMG OMG
All this time I've been calling her  IZ-LA!!!
Gaga 😂😂😂😂 why can't u tell
Way hotter than amy adms
Amy adams is waaaaaaaaaaay hotter and cooler than Isla dude man
Elijah Wood is not Daniel Radcliffe!
Kate Mara is better.
Confession of  a shopaholic anyone ??
Go to google and search: WUMO SEO. Its the most trustworthy Search engine optimization firm. If they simpley can't rank your website, they will offer you100% refund guarantee. They are the best.
guys! been getting f ree gift cards everyday from here ➜ greensshort.com/giftcardsgiveaway?345052135
Im so sorry, but your voice!!......
HE SOUND LIKE YODA
Pastéis De Nata ?!\nnope, não são .. but something to try.
So delicious 😋
Chef John! Congrats on trending!
Worst voice ever but nice tutorial
Next we need a kouign amann recipe!
Yo Chef John is trending!
Annoying voice, is annoying
Wait ..no cayenne. Am i watching chef john or an imposter..lol
Did it reach her?
Oh my god thank you
Chef John is like the Bob Ross of cooking
Chef John is the chef version of DJ Khaled \nTHEY don't want you to SUCCEED
Damn it. I wanted to watch this but didn’t realize who it was. Mute.
I am not a weaboo or anything and  actually have not watched this anime in years, however...\n\n\n\nWho remembers your lie in April?
Looks great I have a sweet tooth
The way he never ends his sentences bothers me lol
every sentence this guy says sounds like he's finishing the video
Savior John!\nI thought it was impossible to make it without the molds!
Why are you using such a weird speaking cadence? It's hard to listen to it
How do I explain to a picky eater that this isn't burnt; that it's actually a thing?
Check out my products at little cost at www.trackq.xyz its a growing company and it needs your help! First 100 customers to purchase an item from the online store will receive a 40% discount on the already low prices here ! check it out you wont regret it .
His voice is so flowing, fast ups and  slow downs, making it easier to listen to.
Yes!! My life is complete
Gotta admit I wasn't fully sold until that cross section.  Now I need ten.
Why does he talk like that? I’m not entirely sure what it is? It just bothers me
Talking with exclamation marks at the end of every sentence! Is so annoying! Even though the pastry looks fab!
I appreciate the cooking lesson but found the way you were speaking so annoying that I couldn’t even finish the video. I’m sorry. The repetitive rising and falling tone was just too much.
His voice intonation is really weird...
could you talk like a human?
Your lie in April...
Chef John! can you post a video where you accidentally scramble the eggs you're trying to incorporate? I think videos like that that show what to look for when you mess up would be really helpful
While I enjoy watching foodwishes, I can tell you quite certainly that I will never make this.
Why am I watching this . F i’m hungry by now
FUCK YEA TRENDING PAGE WOOOOO.
Kaori Miyazono's favourite snack
It’s my first time here. Does he always end his sentences with inflection in his voice? I thought it was a joke at first but he never stopped lol
Nice video and I know some of you guys are gonna hate on me or some shit but I hate how your sentences always end in an end tone. If I had to listen to you speak for more than 10 minutes, I would choose temporary deafness for at least 24 hours. Sorry for being an ass but it's just so unsatisfying.
As a trained pastry chef, I have a great appreciation for making outdated recipes more modern and convenient.
The way he talks drives me crazy! The highs, and lows over and over. I can’t explain it! I want to scream but I love his simple recipes and how he simplified everything but aaaaargghhhhh anyone else feel this way?
Missing some sauce
Bees wax! I dont know ...
Your voice made me triggered
Can you speak normally?
Kaori ;-;
his voice
TᕼᗩᑎKS ᖴOᖇ Tᕼᕮ ᗷᕮᗩᑌTIᖴᑌᒪ ᑌᑭᒪOᗩᗪ ᗰY ᖴᖇIᕮᑎᗪ IT'S ᗩᒪᗯᗩYS ᗩ ᑭᒪᕮᗩSᑌᖇᕮ ᗯᗩTᑕᕼIᑎG IT TIᗰᕮ ᗯᕮᒪᒪ Sᑭᕮᑎᗪ ᗩᑎᗪ ᕮᑎᒍOYᕮᗪ YOᑌᖇ ᕮᖴᖴOᖇT. Kᕮᕮᑭ ᑌᑭ Tᕼᕮ GOOᗪ ᗯOᖇK ᗩᑎᗪ ᒪOOKIᑎG ᖴOᖇᗯᗩᖇᗪ TO SOᗰᕮ ᗰOᖇᕮ ᕮ᙭ᑕITIᑎG ᑌᑭᒪOᗩᗪS. ᕼᗩᐯᕮ ᗩ ᗯOᑎᗪᕮᖇᖴᑌᒪ ᗯᕮᕮK...{:-)
always
These fluctuations are killing me
Can you imagine these with those yummie Salted Caramel Pots de Creme? Yeh, me too <3
*lips smacking*
Thank you so much for this tip! Canelés were my monthly treat when I lived in Paris and I miss their ooey gooey deliciousness. Definitely going to try making these in a muffin tin.
My heart bleeds when I see Canelés not baked in proper molds.
This looks amazing! But for the love of god can you please adjust your voice inflection.
You need to add vanilla and a little bit of rhum for the real recipe ! Best from Bordeaux, France
This really sounds like a south park baking cut scene lol
why do you talk like thisssss??
Half in the bag
I didn't have any beeswax. So I tried coconut oil. I worked just fine, and it turned out pretty good😄😄
why does he talk like that?
Why did you have to remind me of your lie in april 😭😭😭😭
Stop talking like that you piece of shit
Love this version! Will definitely try this.
The only thing that stopped me from making canele is the expensive molds ! Now I can’t wait to try your method chef John ! Thank you !
Your forever questioning intonation messes me up\n\nGreat video tho
What can I say ... I’ll marry you,  chef John ... lol
The cadence of his speech pattern is so annoying
WHY DOES THIS GUY TALK LIKE THAT
✝️ *HARVEST MUSIC FESTIVAL MASSACRE Was Preplanned WELL in Advance* via Me And My Monkey song, SEE SONG VIDEO HERE  >>> https://youtu.be/1sBTMC2-tg4\n\nAnd Once You Fully understand the Spiritual Meaning of the Diabolical Massacre via the above link provided...\n\n✝️ *GET WITH GOD's PROGRAM, NOW!! PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE IS REAL!  AND IT'S RED ALERT!!* \n\n...Leave the Devil in the Dust for Good...\n\n✝️ *ARE YOU SAVED?* Find Out For Certain!  MAKE SURE YOU ARE SAVED by The Gospel, 1st Corinthians, 15:1-4 >> Just click HERE ==> https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-Corinthians-Chapter-15/ \n\n✝️ Beware the watered down False Doctrine many churches are pushing these days.  To be certain you have been Saved by the ONLY valid Gospel at the time of this posting, let Pastor Robert Breaker walk you through the simple steps today by clicking on the link ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k \n\n*REV 12 Sign of The Son of Man* being fulfilled;  TIME IS RUNNING OUT!\n\n😇 *Rightly Divided, The KJV Bible  (the only Bible uncorrupted) clearly promises the Blessed Hope of PRE-Tribulation Rapture!!*\n(shhhh...Satan doesn't want you to know) 👿\n\nJews, Gentiles, Everyone Alike...\n\n*GET SAVED NOW !! Don't be LEFT BEHIND to suffer The Great Tribulation...* 😓\n\n*The Bottom Line?*\nThe Blood of JESUS CHRIST is your ONLY hope of Salvation By Grace Through Faith for life everlasting in the Heavenly Kingdom...\n\n*GET SAVED & REPENT NOW!*\n*How To Know You're Saved* Click Here Now ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k\n\n✝️ For some of the latest Biblical Evidence, Rapture coming soon watch this Youtube video >>>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w\nFor more Watchmen videos use keywords Revelation 12 Sign, Last Trump, Rapture.  Take Heed and WARN  EVERYONE!! \n >>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w
I would not say they're impossible to make. But making some really tasty ones isn't easy.
His voice is so irritating when he keeps pausing.
Never had these gems until I went to Bordeaux last year and I absolutely fell in love with them.  Loved the backstory too - nuns had extra egg yolks leftover from winemakers during the clarification process and this was their solution to reduce yolk waste. Yum!\n\nThank you for posting this recipe.  I'm looking forward to them!!!
What's the secret ingredient?\nNone of your beeswax.
LoveHealthAndFitness.com promote the ability to develop a coherent approach to weight loss, healthy endurance and enriched relationships...https://goo.gl/ZbLtfo
Chef John is my favorite
He makes me think of a cooking Mark Crilley
Would this turn out differently if without the rum?
No dark rum? Why is dark rum gone??!
That looks delicious af!
Your commentary is fucking terrible it’s so fucking boring
why does his voice do that rise and fall thing
Chef John is a national hero.
Can you show us how to make french onion dip
My god the way this guy speaks is so anoying! His voice goes up and down like nothing else
Anyone else think he has a strange pattern of speech ?
Can someone tell from experience if those come out as crispy from a silicone mold?
His inflection is so fucking annoying. The video would be better with no audio.
They look pretty good no homo
...But what about the old shake of cayenne?! :)
You deserve to be on trending John!
Your thoughts on sous vide
The reporter voice is killing me
Why does he keep randomly raising the tone of his voice?
Kaori ;-;
HIS VOICE IS SO ANNOYING
Your inflection is frustrating to listen to
His reading is cancer...
Oh my God his upward inflections in his voice are driving me insane
NOTIF SQUARD WHERE U AT!>?!?#@?!?
Bitch
Omg you're from Pittsburgh?????
Fuk
B word
🍆
🅱️itch
Bitch
pierogi are polish traditional food
💾💻🚷🚯🚳🚭📵🔞🚱💠🌐🔱⚜️🔰♻️⚠️🚸〽️🔆🔅💜💙💚💛❤️🖤🀄️🃏💬♥️💭🕕🕧🕝😍😂❤️🔥😂🤣😍😘😅😂🤤🤤🙏🏽✊️🦄🙈🙊🐒🐾🐲🐉🔥🔥✨🌈💦🏀🏂⛹🏼‍♀️💸💰🔫🔪💉♿️🇵🇷🇵🇷💯💯💮💢
NO BLEACH EMOJI WTF
Are u polend Bec I am and I loooooovvve pierogies
👻👻
It’s bitch
I loved the old snowman emoji :c
Mermaid😍😍😍👏🏼
Bitch
💖💕❤️️
: )
bitch
Hedgehog
🦄
There are only 2 genders.
Is it .,.,Bitch
Its bitch
Youtube 2017
😋
It bitch
Lier
Its wh*re
😱😱😱😱😱
Bitch
NEW!!!!!
💋
Bitch
Holy shit
🎃🤖😻😺🤖👺👹🦐🦂🦆🐧🦇
Bitch
BITCH
Right here
🤘🤘🤘🤘🖖
Great video💪
💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Am a nigger faggot
5th emoji is maybe GYOZA
Bitch
bitch
💗
🅱️
🅱️ONELESS
Bitch
Emojis suck I use emoticons ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
⛏🔩🔩🔩🔩🔩🔩
Ass
I love you 😛😽😾👌🏻🤙🏻💅🏻🤳🏻👄👰🏻🤴🏻🙅🏼‍♂️👯👯‍♂️🚶🏼‍♀️💏👨‍👩‍👧👩‍👩‍👧👩‍👩‍👧‍👦👠👓🐮🐵👩‍👩‍👧‍👦👩🏼‍🔬👨🏼‍🏫👩🏼‍🏫👩🏼‍🏫👩🏿‍🏫💂🏻💂🏻‍♀️👱🏿‍♀️👷🏿🥊🥊🏈🎱🏉🥊🏊🏽‍♀️🏄🏻‍♀️🏅🏆🎪🎬🎤🎧🎳🎮🎰🎹🎹🎨🎟🎧🎲🎺🎷🎺🚊🚋🚞🚂🚆🚔🏍🚥🚦🌋🏠🏭🏦🏙🌠🌅⌚️🖥🗜📼📠🎛⌛️⏳📡💴💵🔨🛠🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫💣💣🔪🔪⚰️🚬💊🌡💉🛁💌📬📮📇📂📂📂🗃📉📯📅📇📪📥💌📄🗒
BBBBBBIIIITTTTCCCHHHHH BITCH
Bitch
It is b**ch (:
I've never been excited for a emoji update, idk maybe its cause I'm an adult or something weird like that... Sorry y'all.
I'm going to be the cat emoji for halloween
A porcupine? No that’s a hedgehog! Different animals 😛
Why wont they add a skateboard or skateboarder emoji???
I wonder what kind of pie this is. 500k+ views. Humanity is doomed
The angry one could be fudge
N\nI\nG\nG\nA\n\nThat’s 5 letters
It was a HEDGEHOG!!!!! Not a PORCUPINE!!!!!!
Screw iOS 11. Ever since I installed it my FaceTime has been screwing up.
Didn't iJustines channel used to be creative content? I feel sad that it's come to nothing but ads, I miss the old Justine
Your video was very well made & inspiring to watch! My other favorite way to make money online, legitimately is by earning residual income with Bitcoin... by Auto Trading Loans, I make up to 40% R.O.I. monthly.. Check out this tutorial to learn how:\nhttps://goo.gl/242BgP
I think the porcupine is a hedgehog
B I T C H N I G G E R
I have the iOS 11 but don’t have any of these emojis
Well shit this is amazing
I think it's bitch
A pierogi is like pasta on the outside like a dumpling and mashed potatoes inside, for those who don't know
it's a curling thing!!!!
In polish culture, pierogi is that same type of ravioli dumpling thing. Although, the pronunciation is different
Bitch...just wanted to see if it was blocked😂
bitch is a five word
When you run out of video ideas. Like who reacts to emojis
Two things I hate, reaction videos and emojis...help
Since swear words are blocked I will just plainly state you are dumb and don’t understand 1st grade science
Can they make an official meh from the emoji movie? 😂 jk
Out of the new ones I like the shh one because his face is so tiny and I also like the porcupine 🙃 dis is my favorite out of the old ones
It means the b word
I know what the five swear letter is Blunt
Of course pumpkin pie doesn’t have crust
They shouldn’t have the bs non gender emojis! There’s 2 genders and that’s it. If your trans you are still male or female! I am not happy with apple for doing this.
Poeple would give me a quiet emoji I never stop talking when I'm in conversations,I'm a idiot
Bitch that’s what the swear word is
The perogi is a empanada
It’s b I t c h
gender neutral emojis my god how incredibly politically correct.. i hate 2017
Justine! 0:58 is not a porcupine it's a hedgehog
The shhh emoji is my favorite new one hahaha and 💞
I don’t have those emojis and I updated my phone
Frick is the bad word
Yes!\nThe vomit  one is Back!\n\nAnd btw i love perogi’s!
I hate her
those emojis are more queer than a 3 dollar bill
This video shows the incredible skills of the pilots. Even after an unexpected wind gust after touchdown they managed to re-align with the runway. Incredible job by the pilots !!
Hey Chuck Norris, go around next time ;)
*running in the 90s plays in the bg*
When I finished watching, I lost faith in the plane  https://goo.gl/C7XetS
How many vomit bag was filled after that landing?
Well tbh being a pilot for Emirate they expect atleast ~10-15 years of experience and make a crap ton of money along the way.\n\nMy uncle is an air commercial British pilot, he has 7 years of experience and they refused his application and suggestions a bunch of other stuff before applying again that's how competitive they are.
How is this trending. And why hasn't this multi million pound aircraft got automatic landing feature,there so behind!
I would like to see video form insite plane.....
Like me in fsx. But without wind there.
Seriously skilled pilots bet it was mavrick n goose
thank you for flying with Emirates .....we would like to advise passengers to stay seated while our staff mop up all the shit in the aisles
IN OUR COUNTRY (Czech Republic) IS THIS VIDEO #1 IN TRENDS!!!!
Yesssss,......Incredible job by the pilot,................but i still  reckon they build the plane way too big...........
Holy shit!! Well done to the team getting this plane down safely!!
That plane should be suspended from flying while all it's landing gears and all be rechecked and tested. That was a nasty landing
1:15 those poor wheels though. It's amazing they can handle that much weight and lateral force
I would be shitting my pants. 😱
What a great aircraft!!! Experienced pilots,no doubt
And then everyone went to Walmart to buy new shorts.
Planes are designed to flex, but watching this one flexing like mad before, during and after landing is quite something. It also seems counter-intuitive that the landing gear appears so small and spindly in relation to the rest of the plane, yet still takes this kind of punishment.
GTA 5 in real life
I imagine that Emirates is aware of this PIO incident and will take appropriate action to prevent further damage to their reputation and safety record.  Quote of the day:  This video shows the incredible skills...  LOL
This was legitimately on the news
11 tips to impress BOY OR GIRL
You can't drift an aircraft\n\nPilot: hold my beer
First video of PORN STAR SUNNY LEONEhttps://youtu.be/hDQWb6T1Pcw
Wow! I'm betting it was probably a busy evening for underwear in the washing machine after that.  Nice video as always Cargospotter!  Thanks.
The conditions were bad yes, but the pilot's reactions seemed extremely late for the first 2 oscillations.  They were entirely too late with the initial rudder input to align with the runway (should have been all in the air) and were still holding full left rudder well after touchdown and after the aircraft was already aligned with runway and now with a huge amount of yaw inertia to the left.   Then slow to react to the right but then holding full right too long and only starts to counter with left after it's once again past aligned with the runway.    I give the pilot credit for cleaning up the mess of their own making, but that's about it.
This gives a bad name for Emirates
Some pilot i was panicking while he was landing but he do so awsome job and make it steady :)
big respect for pilots this looks like alien  spaceship from movies  landing
Holy moly! That is insane. Great capture. Thanks for sharing.
Before this video I literally watched a Emirates ad.
Imagine the people inside the plane!!
The performance of the A380 is way more impressive than the performance of the pilot.  But, like they say, any landing you can walk away from is a good landing.
This is what he trained for in plane simulator 2016🙄
glad to have quality control
That's an overweight landing. Lot of damage on the wheels.
Shame on everyone who calls him or her a bad Pilot!\nYou're not a bad Pilot just because you did a hard landing or skidded a bit of the center line...\nYou're a bad pilot if you're irresponsible, incooperative, if you can't make the right decisions in difficult situations, if you can't assess hazardous situations.... and so on..\nJust to name a few...\nTo every Pilot out there: Never let those dump people get you down! They don't even have a clue what they're talking about!!!\nAnd always remember: Unaware people are the most dangerous!\nHave a good day everyone, fly safe and happy landings!
Just imagine being a passenger on that plane
At first it looked like a helicopter landing, the initial approach and the hovering before touching down.
Why does it seem like only the lower part of the rudder is actively controlled during flight? It seems like the upper part of the rudder is controlled by the yaw damper during flight and as soon as the gear touches the ground the computer unlocks the upper part of the rudder so it is also actively controlled by the pilot. If you look closely, you can see that the upper part of the rudder did not swing out a lot till the gear touched the ground. Maybe the pilot was overwhelmed and not able to deal with that almost doubled effect of the rudder. Imagine the effect of the rudder doubles as soon as you touch the ground. While not a big deal in normal conditions it could be a big deal concerning crosswind landings. Please correct me if I'm wrong it was just a thought. Nevertheless it was still not a good landing :D
Incredible bunch of comments with little knowledge of the design and therefore the physics of this particular aircraft.\nThe problem was caused, of course, by a a gust of crosswind. The A-380 has a trailing landing gear.with some assistance from the pilot, it will straighten itself out with some minor assistance by a  pilot with experience. Assume these chaps were up to snuff if they have been chosen to pilot this elephant of a plane.
Change of pants for the pilot I think
Do you have to land there? Can’t you go somewhere else?
The skill that is needed for that
Free spins and 200% bonus in joy casino. all license slots. ENJOY\nhttp://joycasino.com/en/?partner=p19470p89602p0130
Thought I would never see a plane drifting. God I was wrong !
https://youtu.be/mF4oP1I_QlA \nFollow this nice Guy, he is new on Yt
*renames video to ''HOW TO DRIFT AN A380 | Tutorial*
This! This is why I’ll always fly Emirates airlines 😍😍
Sales for clean underwear must have skyrocketed at the duty free afterwards..
What did u do today? I drifted an Airbus A380! :D
These are horrible pilot skills. Really! But a terrific photographer to catch this moment
Very poor performance of the pilot. Rudder is a very efficient control surface and has to be used very carefully. That was not the case here. Stop talking about the skills of the pilot here. It was baaaad :-)
Check that pilots pants! He gonna need a new uniform for the return trip
its like what i expect to happen everytime im in a plane coming down for landing
I wonder if they made everyone brace for impact
How long till its in the deja vu memes haha
Respect for the pilots and luck for the passengers !
That guy should've gone around, that was so irresponsible. All those people on that plane and he risked them all for a deadline. I'm a pilot, and that was disgusting.
I'll join the list of commenters that say: over-correction.
Emirates!
Crazy
https://www.facebook.com/TechNewsAlexander/
Fast and Furious: Airbus
N. N.  Yte
Kdo je čech???
x1-The Distinguished Flying Cross
Well done!
spooky
Cool capture!
*LOOL*
Omg
...
hitler did nothing wrong, jews are hoax
That was dope
*EUROBEAT INTESIFIES*
Great stuff ..me one day
sabskrib
Omg!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!++++++++++++++++++
*DEJA VU*
planekhana with ken block
Lol
Pilot👌👌👌👏👏👏
Allha ka shukar hai
🤔🤔
Hats off to these skilled pilots. I'm sure they averted what could have been a tragedy.
United would have taken it in to the ocean.
Fucking hell man that was some crazy shit. That’s a good pilot.
I was in the plane
For People complaining about the pilot, hope you guys know/see that this landing was made while the place was witnessing a storm. So just KEEP CALM AND APPLAUD THE PILOT
Whether this was good or bad piloting depends on how bad the wind was GUSTING, surely?\nUntil we hear that evidence, how can we judge?
That's a highly skilled pilot - he can surely go to bed every night knowing he saved a few lives that day. Extraordinary
Wow what a control
RESPECT PILOT!
WTTTTTTTTTTTTTTFFFFFFF
Trendy?
EMIRATES  AIRWAYS ... PILOTS ARE  BRITISH   !!😊😊😊
How does one breed a plant?
2:52 IT'S THE GREAT PUMPKIN CHARLIE BROWN
http://www.bigpumpkins.com/WeighoffResultsGPC.aspx?c=P&y=2017   -- Mathias's pumpkin was over 2,228lb this year! :P Didn't beat out last year's!
This is what happens when you genetically modify food...
I wonder what the largest (in terms of size, not pages) book is...
oh god! that's not a carrot, it's a Resident Evil boss!
New tomato record set by Dan Sutherland
nice click bait on trending keep it up youtube!!!
I love both you guys so much! 😂
I already knew you two were the world's biggest fruits
Please tell me I'm not the only one who Googled the European Pumpkin Championship and found out that the fella who holds the record for largest pumpkin ever is currently winning this year's contest with a 2228.9 lb pumpkin. Congrats, Mathias! Keep 'em comin'!
Well if they are alive, I would guess, Pewie Landsherson, Oliver Pratt and formerly Chris Platt though sometimes its Kathy Baits butt on the hole its got to be Boseanne Rarr. Or it could be that sumo wrestler that Quentin Tarateeneeew-Yuk hangs with. Sorry I didn't realize this about giant edible fruits. Nevermind.
i luv how u give us details and info about the giant fruits thank u
Ah!!! I'm so excited! I preordered Turtles and didn't even know when it was being released!  Woot! New Book!!!
Why is this trending again
I decided to take a break from essay writing to catch up on my Vlogbrothers and I just wanted to say thank you. This was amazing. I can go back to my essay proofreading happily now.
This is definitely one of my favorite vlog brother vids. Thanks Hank!
But do they taste good???? 🤔
Wait I thought they were all working for VICE as reporters?
literally thousands of generations of people\n\nIf one generation is taken as 20 years of births and thousands is taken as the lowest possible plural - 2000, then you are saying literally 40,000 years of work and intelligence. How can it be literally 40,000 years when it is fact that the Earth is 6000 years old.
I love big pumpkins. And this video made my day. Thanks Hank.
I almost skipped this video and I'm so glad I didn't
great video, a hug from cuba omg
You should end every video like that. Humans. WOW.
Hey, my name is Mathias.
Good morning John
Pumpkins and Penguins, Hank
onions and potatos aren't fruits
SEEING YALL ON TOUR IN NYC TOMORROW
Is it me or did all these vegetables/fruits look like tumours?
I need a photo of John with a copy of Turtles All the way Down in his mouth. You put the thing that does the killing between your teeth...
Genetic selection  at it's best. What better way to genetically modify the species then to selectively breed it.
why is john sad?
Hank needs to watch Wallace and Gromit and the Curse of the Were Rabbit asap
I am from Belgium and it is true. Some regions take the pumkin thing very serieusly and in elementery school we did competitions of our own.
Why is pewdiepie not on the list
I love this video
Thank you for a lovely video that warmed me up on a grey, cold Sunday. \nI just wanted to add that when I'm upset and need a little bit of anarchic giggling I go on Scottish Twitter. Completely loopy, foul mouthed, sometimes way too much but always strangely logical, Scottish Twitter is the Wild Wild West of the Internet.
Stop talking and just show us the damn fruit
But how do they taste?
Oh ,you're gosh, hank, I love the giant onion man too. He just looks SO HAPPY about his onion. I needed this video too. I needed a video where overwhelming happiness is the theme.
I hate your videos.
**Super Mario Sunshine Flashbacks**
Those are pumpkin kayaks.
No Gmo
LOVE.
Humans!! Wow!!!
Now here's the situation. Hank is so adorably into his massive food.
Where can I find a watermelon that big
Awesome, the pumpkin championship is in my town- I live 5 min away from where the picture at 3:04 was taken. We also hold a competition where participants have to hollow out a pumpkin to make a boat and then race each other across a lake in their pumpkin boats. It's neat and they almost always sink.
Isn’t October 10th a Tuesday?
I like him better when he's talking about how the world is gonna end.
This is gold. I wish I had a gourd-related pun handy. Thank you.
This was a fun and unique video to make. It was a great idea! You are right. It's nice to see amazing things happen between humans and nature and how happy it makes people. You have to remember these happy moments. Life has a lot of wonderful things about it. You just need to keep your eye out for them :)
This video made me so happy. It's like it's taylor-made for my current Stardew Valley obsession where you actually do grow giant pumpkins! There's some relaxation for you!
well i finished this video and i it made me laugh so hard
#22 on trending and easily the only thing worth watching.   Thought provoking, intellectual and entertaining!
How did Bruce Vilanch not make the list?
You didn't include me, this list is wrong
Ok, Good and nike. Well come to...
As a vegetarian...
How is this trending?
Nekoosa Giant Pumpkin Fest!  This made my morning.
GMOs!
Hunted you down from scishow
I laughed so much xD
best. brother. ever.
Thats cool.\n\nBut you know whats the world's largest thing?\n\n\n\n*YO MAMA*
Those are some huge pumpkins!! 🎃
TW: Trypophobia - start at 0:42 to avoid.
Hank when are you going to tell is about your book
Is Richard Simmons on this list?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YflsCectl6I  you must watch this video to save youtube
For some reason it really makes me chuckle at 2:38 when Hank says Now here's the situation... Because it's a pumpkin situation.
These people with their giant pumpkins make me think of cheese doodles guy
2:00 so thats where Starbucks's lemon pound cakes come from...
Came back to comment good job still trending barely broke 300K and that wouldnt be if it wasnt “trending” lol
I'd watch you read the phone book, Hank.
SERIOUS QUESTION: is the watermelon seedless?
That watermelon in the thumbnail can feed all of Africa
🤣😇🤠🤥🤤👹👺
Your mum
Weird. I live in Tennessee and am friends with a Chris Kent. But as far as I know, he doesn’t have a hobby of growing large gourds.
I love this channel.  I am sure Turtles All The Way Down will be amazing, I loved the first chapter and I am thinking of buying it when it gets to my local bookstore :)
https://youtu.be/XFBlCgFrn4Y
Does anyone want the other half of my sandwich?
You mean you and your brother.... XD
HEY  EAT TOFU NOW! PLANT YO BEANS !!!\nhttps://youtu.be/wKse2fTpwWg
Shockingly, this video isn't autobiographical.
That's organic! ;)
Most impressive.
See you guys Wednesday!!!
This guy loves his pumpkins.
kilograms please 😒
LOL! I frickin' love you, Hank. DFTBA
Lol lame video
Wait does this mean that massive “potato” they ha’ll around in the semi truck isn’t real?
I wouldn’t eat any of those.  It looks like a bunch of gmo fruits and veggie or injected with hormones.
You're a scientist Hank!!!!! NO, not pounds!
The therd Annual Hungry Games
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
God bless x
❤️
❤️
Sending you love Alix
Hugs!!! Keeping you in my prayers ❤
♥
❤️❤️❤️❤️
So so sorry, sending love ❤️
😘
❤️❤️❤️
♥
Love, hugs and all of the support in the world ♡
You are so brave! Take each day at a time and know you have so much support around you even though you must feel alone. You are such a beautiful person with such a warm heart and a credit to your mum 💜
My heart goes out to you, you brave girl, I am in tears when I realise you have carried on through all this, I have daughters your age and I'm thinking of all you have had to cope with......take time, until you feel you are able to carry on, we will be here when you are ready......love to you xxx
I´m really really sorry for your lost!!!! Big hug and lots of love!
Sending so much love to you and your family <3
I have massive admiration for you! I'm sorry for your loss, I'm sure your mum would be so proud of you for strong you are being :) my mum had breast cancer too and it's hard. Look after yourself ❤️
Sending you lots of love ❤
So much love to you ❤️
I can't imagine what you're going through. Do what you need to do, take care of yourself.
i don't know you and you don't know me. but i'm sending you all my love and support. it is ok and good to grieve and it's important to talk about it. you are loved.
Lots of love from Russia ❤💕💗💞🌼
I am  so sorry Alix, i love you!
I’m so sorry for your loss, Alix. I cried throughout most of the video. You’re so strong, keep going :)
I know you'll probably never read this but I just wanted to say I know exactly how you feel and its okay to feel awful. My mum died from breast cancer 2 years ago (I was 22) and I felt so much pressure to spring back and be okay straight away, but you never actually get over it and I'm still grieving now. Cancer is such a traumatic illness to deal with, it comes out of nowhere and takes people away piece by piece in the most awful way. I'm still traumatised now over how it stripped away everything my mum was. Just remember its okay not to be okay, the only good thing is you appreciate your own life a lot more after.
Im so sorry for your loss. I lost my uncle to cancer its horrible . Best wishes to you xx
I see a lot of people commenting that they almost never comment, and the same goes for me. But I have watched and loved your videos for serveral years, so when seeing this video I felt that I wanted to reach out to you and tell you how truly sorry I am.\n\nI too recently lost my mother who had suffered from breast cancer and which had spread to her liver and back. It was almost the same process as your mother had to go trough but over a period of four years. Thinking that the breast cancer was treated and that we could finally go back to the life we used to have, only to be thrown back to the same painful and challenging situation again. \n\nCancer sucks, it really does. It's like you're living in this bubble for a long period of time, never knowing what to expect, how to live an everyday life when your life is so strongly affected by a this disease. \n\nWhen we found out that there was really only one way that my mothers illness could end, the only thing I could try and take some sort of comfort in was that there at least was time to say goodbye, to take care of each other and to just spend the last time together. It's really hard to see, because no one should have to live life knowing that the end is near. But now, when it has gone about two and a half months since she passed away I can slowly start to honestly appreciate that I had the time to say goodbye.\n\nMy mother was my best friend, really. We could talk about anything, we spent whole days just talking about all and nothing. She, just like your mum, told me all the time how proud she was of me and my sister. She always took the time to try her best to be there for not only her daugthers, but so many other people in her life, in an unselfish way I have never seen before and probably never will again. I can only hope to be something like her in my life, because she has been and always will be my biggest inspiration and role model. \n\nLosing ones parents is so unfair, even as an adult or young adult. I don't need my mum in the same way I needed her when I was 10. But as a 23 year old, starting to build the adult life I want, I would have loved to have her there by my side. For her to give me advice when needed and just keep being my very best friend. And to love me, which se did and told me a hundred times every day. \n\nBut knowing that she loved me, and that she rasied me to be a person I can say I'm proud of being is such a gift, and something I am trying everyday to see even though it's so unfair that I don't get to see her again. I also know that she is with me, in some way, forever. I think, or even know that you will feel this way, maybe not now but in time. It's only been two months since I lost my mum and I'm allready starting to feel it in my heart.\n\nBut of course this shitty situation gives me days when I really can't take comfort in any of this or anything at all. And that is okay, almost every way of greiving is okay. As long as you remember to take care of yourself and to let it take its time and its ups and downs. Let yourself feel what you feel, always. Do what you want to, and don't do what you don't want to do. \n\nDon't feel shame if you feel happy and optimistic about the future. Even though you most of all want to have your mum back, the unfair and harsh truth is that there was only one way it could end. And having to live in that bubble of sadness and fear for so long can make you feel as if your life has been on hold and not moving in any way. That is of course natural, and maybe how you want it to be and need it to be. But quite soon after her passning I felt a sense of freedom and that I could see my life moving forward.\n\nI felt so ashamed at first, because how could I feel optimistic about the future when my mum just died? But having courage and opening up about this feeling of freedom to my friends and family made me realise that it is okay. They told me it is okay, and quite natural. \n\nHaving to adjust to a disease that there is actually no way of adjusting to, since you never know what turn it has decided to take that day. Having to wake up every morning with the fear of that this day could be the last. To seeing your amazing and beloved parent suffer every day for so long, is paralyzing. You neither can or want to look forward because there is no room for planning a head, and because the last thing you want to think about the future which is what you now means the end. I now see where this feeling of freedom comes from. You put your life on hold because you want to. But once you can pick it up and returning to move forward without fear (which is how it should be), you will feel free and optimistic. And I know, and maybe you feel the same, that my mum wants me too make the best of myself and to work towards the life I want. Even if she can't be with me to see it. We are the most the most important people to our parents and they are proud knowing that we will and want to make the best of ourselves, of our lives. They find peace knowing that we will take care of ourselves and find happiness, even after they are gone. My mum told me this so many times and I have no doubt that she meant it every time. And the moments the worried about how it all would turn out for me and my sister, I assured her that we would be allright. It won't be easy cooping with the loss and sadness, but in the end we will okay. And I plan on keeping my promise to her. \n\nThis was probably the longest comment in the history of youtube. There is so much more I could say about this, because it is so complex. I know that everyones journey through loss of a parent is different and so it should be. But I still wanted to share my experience of loss and greif to you and anyone else who is going trough the same thing. Hopefully it can bring some sort of comfort to someone who needs it. \n\nI once again want to tell you how very sorry I am for your loss. It is awful and painful and unfair. I send my thoughts to you and your family. Take the time you need, find strenght in that your mum will be there always in some way and take care of yourself. Let this process take it's turns. It can go up and down, back and forward. You don't have to finish greiving, because i think it never feel completely fine, but it will be easier to manage in time, or at least at times.\n\nYour loyal and loving subscribers will be here when and if you decide to come back to youtube, myself included. You and your videos have brought me so much joy when life hasn't gone my way, and I'm sure I'm not alone on that one. \n\nLove and lots of hugs from Sweden ❤️
I am so sorry to hear this. Sending you so much love! Stay strong. XXXX
I'm so sorry for your loss. Take all the time you need...sending you lots of love XXX
I am so so sorry. Please take all the time you need and do not worry about your channel. I appreciate you sharing with us but you are not obligated to ❤️
Stay strong ❤️ I wish you all the best and I hope this time is made easier for you.
I'm so sorry. I don't know what to say, but know we're all here for you ❤️❤️
You are so incredibly strong. Sending you healing & love. I can’t imagine what you’re going through, but you’re going through it. You’re putting one foot in front of the other and handling things. Stay you xx
So sorry for your loss💔 cancer has taken too many great people. Sending hugs your way
You have beautiful memories of your mum, which you will hold on to for the rest of your life, you take the time you need to grieve for one of the most important people in your life. My love and thoughts are with you and your family in this difficult time. We will be here when you are able to return to making videos. Do what you have to do to mend your heart. 💕😊💕
I'm so sorry 💔
Alix -- This is the first time I've ever commented on a video but I wanted you to know that you're not alone - that for all those comments that say they can't imagine your loss, I can. My mom passed away about a month ago after an 8 month battle with cancer. It's an impossibly difficult loss for a daughter to lose her mother. And as I'm sure you're already experiencing, life is different. It might feel like you're unable to connect with people sometimes and that's okay. Thank you for posting this - truly it means the world to know that I'm not the only one going through this because sometimes it feels like I am. Sending you lots of love <3
Sending you lots of love
You take all the time you need for yourself and your family. No, its not fair...cancer sucks. Every feeling you are having is completely validated. We love you. We are thinking about you. Please know we will always be here💖💖
sending you so so so much love Alix please take as much time as you need to heal, be kind to your head and heart you hold so much light in this space and in this world. This truly broke my heart, and i just cannot imagine the grief you are processing. That being said, dont let it define you, dont let it take over you, you are love and light you are!!! im trying to find the right words to say to you that might mean something and make you feel any less full of grief, please know that you are in all my thoughts and wishes, and i hope nothing but the absolute best for you alix, you deserve this world and more
Sending love to your family
So sorry for your loss. Praying for you and your family.
So sorry for your loss, been there, lost my mom at 23 to breast cancer as well. You are very brave for going online so soon after such a great loss. Take all the time you need and know there will be good and bad day, and that’s okay!
You are 100% correct in saying we are not owed an explanation, however, you are a warrior for letting us know and verbalizing your situation at hand. We love you, we support you, and my heart goes out to you! If it helps, even though there was something off, it was more like a friend was struggling. You deserve the right to talk about it when you want and how you want. Prayers for healing through this difficult time. I'm so sorry for your loss, Alix. You are a beautiful person and you have a right to grieve at your own pace. ❤️ we will be here whenever you need us!!!
It sucks to lose someone in your life. Sending lots of love to you ❤️
You poor beautiful girl. Thoughts are with you, stay strong. Sending so much love your way xx
Please accept my condolences. Sorry for your loss :(
i'm so sorry to hear that.You're in my thoughts and prayers.
So sorry for your loss
I'm literally crying while i write this. my heart goes out to you Alix and the rest of your fam.  i pray in time you'll be able to find your peace and content. i too, was orphaned at the age of ten. i didn't grieve until after a year. i send you love and strenght. i look forward to your videos, but for now take all the time you need. we love you.
I too, lost my mom to cancer. It has been almost five years. It never gets easier, one simply learns to live without. Take your time grieving, don't mind any of us. Sending a warm and gentle hug with lots of heeling love.
You don’t owe us anything. Take all the time you need. Much love & affection in your time of grief.
My heart aches so much seeing you so down, I wish there was something we the viewers and supporters can do. I can't imagine how difficult, and heartbreaking all of this must be, as losing a loved one is one of the hardest moments in life anyone has got to go through. I just wanted to let you know, that we're all here for you, through your hard times and not so hard times. I'm sending all my love, and positivity to you, and I hope that you will grow from this tough and hard moment in your life. Truly am sorry for your loss, and I'm sending my condolences to you. You're incredibly strong, and I admire you for making a video. In all honesty, you didn't have to explain, but having chosen to do so, just shows how strong you are. Once again, sending you all the positive vibes, and I hope you take the time to focus on yourself. ♥
Oh girl, I know how you feel and I don’t. My mother is a survivor of breast cancer but these past few years has struggled with a multitude of health issues. Thankfully she’s still here but I know that feeling of fear and the uncertainty of it all. Continue staying strong and living each day but also don’t feel shame in grieving. Bless you.
I'm so so sorry for your loss Alix. Sending you and your family tons of prayers and love. Take your time, come back when YOU are ready 💖💖💖
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry honey! Take care of yourself during this difficult time for you and your family.\nMy thoughts and prayers are with you.\nKellie
You poor darling girl, how sad this video is, but how dreadfully traumatic too, I'm so very sorry for your loss. I can tell you that I do know how it feels, I lost my mum when I was around your age to Breast Cancer. Nothing will ever be the same again for you. You will needless to say move forward, but it will be a different reality for you. Surround yourself with those who love you, don't worry about those who try to pull you down. Just remember we are definitely here for you. My heart is aching for you, try to stay strong. xxxxxxx
Bless you and your family. You have to take time to heal. Look after yourself and those you hold dear. I'm so sorry for you loss. I and I'm sure so many people know your pain too well. It's a journey, your mum will always be with you. x x x x
I am so terribly sorry for your loss, and I offer you my love, my thoughts, and my condolences. Take care. 😘
I’m so sorry, stay strong we love you always xxxxxx
I have an unbelievable amount of respect for you. Sending you lots of love Alix xxx
Will there be new Fairy tail series in 2018?
I am so deeply sorry for your loss. Sending love and prayers to you and your family🙏🏽💕
Praying for you to have peace and abundant love at this time in your life.  xoxoxo
I’m so so sorry. That took so much courage to share. You are right, it absolutely sucks. Devastating. I lost my dad suddenly last year. You owe nothing to YouTube. Take the time you need. Do what you need to do. Your true fans will be here when you come back. XO
I'm so sorry for your loss, Alix. My heart goes out to you and your family.
Sending you lots of love. My mom passed away from a terminal illness in November and it fucking sucks, and there's nothing anyone can say to make it better. Just hold onto the memories and her spirit 💜
My condolences from the bottom of my heart, I'm truly genuinely so sorry. :(
I am so sorry :(
Only time will bring some peace...let it run its course. it s okay to be hurt, do your best to stay strong and keep her memory alive in your smile  :)
Life is so hard. You are doing an amazing job and fighting an amazing fight. your mum is watching you feeling immensely proud. screw the haters and negative people you are strong and beautiful xxx
Alix, I am so sorry for your loss. I can't imagine what you must be going though. Do what you need to do, it must be hard to lose someone so dear to you. We all love you and we are all supporting you in this sad, sad time.
Sorry for your loss. Massive hugs and love. X
Heartbroken to hear about your darlin' Mum, Alix.  My deepest condolences to you and your family.  Bless her.  No one is ever ready, no matter how prepared to see a loved one go.  Take comfort in knowing she raised a wonderful daughter.  Sending you hugs from NYC.
I’m so so sorry Alix, I have followed for such a long time quietly but can’t quite imagine how you’re feeling right now. Just know that you have SO many people in your corner and so many people here for you if and when you need us. Please look after yourself and keep your friends and family close. You don’t owe anyone anything. Take care and sending all the love in the world 😘😘😘
So sorry you lost you Mom. Try to stay strong and focus on the fun memories! xo
Condolences Alix! I wish you all the best, I really do. I hope things get better soon. xx
❤️❤️❤️\nI can totally see why your mother was so proud of you.
So sorry to hear about your mom, Alix. Sending hugs ❤️❤️
so strong and so raw, thoughts and love are with you x
I am so sorry for your losses. I promise you that one day you will be at peace again <3
So sorry look after yourself first
*BIG HUGS* So so sorry to hear about your loss xxxx
Only just started watching your videos, so sorry for your loss. Sending love to you and your family at this time ❤
Wow.. you are so brave to be able to make this video. Sending you love and strength xxx
Oh boy this is very painful !! Sending lots of love 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘🤔😘😘😘😘
Alix although I agree with you, thank you for sharing what you've been going through. You are so strong. Never forget that your beautiful mother lives on through your beautiful spirit. Whether you believe or not, I pray over you a peace that surpasses understanding. Thank you for being here for us and we will in turn be here for you and patiently waiting for your return when you're ready. ❤️
I am so sorry!  Heartbroken for you!  Prayers for you!
Bless you hun, take all the time you need. I can't begin to imagine how horrible this must be for you, I hope you're alright and that you have the support around you that you need to get through this xx
Stay strong Alix! Remember always, your mom is right there watching for you! I lost my father 3 years ago and it hurts like hell, but time and friends and our lovely dogs sure help to ease the pain. Never lose that beautiful smile of yours! 🖤 😘
Take all the time you need. Know we all love you and are thinking of you. Sorry for your loss ❤️
I’m so very sorry for your losses. You are just a lovely person and I wish you the best. Take the time you beds to feel better.
Not sure if you will see this, I'm so sorry for your loss. I lost my mum to cancer last year and i understand your pain. It will get better, its not easy and it will take time. Give yourself time. Lots of love. x
I'm sorry. This must be an incredibly difficult time and it takes a lot of courage to just share all of this. I'm sorry that you felt you had to. You are loved and you are not alone.❤️
I'm so sorry for your loss. Take as much time as you need. I've been watching your videos for years and I'll keep watching them for as long as you make them. I've also lost someone so very dear to me so I know what it feels like. 😔
Oh my god your so strong to be talking about something so personal. I have such a massive respect for you. Sorry about your Mum I can’t believe it. I can’t imagine how hard this this is on you
I am so sorry to hear this Alix. Sending you the biggest hug. Take your time lovely xxx
I am going to bawl my eyes out watching this on the train... :( I am so so sorry for your loss. My mum is my best friend and I cannot fathom even the thought of losing her. You are so brave to be filming this a week after you lost her and you've composed yourself so much, you may not think so but you have. But know that you don't have to! Take all the time you need. Grieve and remember the fondest memories of your mum. She is in a better place now. Free from the pain of this world. And you're so right about being kinder. You never know what's going on in someone's life. We're all fighting our own battles.. love you! Please take care of yourself! 💖💖💖
follow me on stuff in the description rawr XD lololol edgy
It's 3 AM right now, and my cat is acting like this right now
FREE GIFTCARDS WWW.SHAFOU.COM SUBSCRIBE LIKE TO ENTER
Mine just meows nonstop like almost sounding like actual talking until I give it treats but then still talks and is an asshole...
Ok how the fuck does this have nothing to do with thundercat
i got mad and threw my cat down neighbors well.  pussy ass ho purpledranking bitch
Plot twist: this is going to be his Halloween costume
when it's actually 3 am where you live.... i'm not kidding
We let ours out at 11/12 at night. They run the streets' at night .. all kinds of culprit stuff goes down. I wake up in the morning and the cats are at door waiting to come in- eat-poop- sleep- all day... repeat. If I don't let them out at night they meow all night and you hear a prison break type scenario occurring-  taking down curtains, flower pot glass breaking.. just trying to get out the house.. it's like the moon is calling them.
Helen, I have to do this. 😂 but really, they don’t. Cats are the worst times 10
(Jesus, The Great I AM!):\n\nJesus said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nBefore Abraham was, I AM.\n\nThen took they up stones to cast at him:\nbut Jesus hid himself, \nand went out of the temple,\n\ngoing through the midst of them, \nand so passed by.\n\n(John 8:58-59).\n\n***(I AM): Jesus was not just claiming to have lived before Abraham; He was claiming eternal existence. He was claiming to be, God Himself.\n\n***(Exodus 3:14)<---And (God) said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, (I AM) hath sent me unto you.\n\n***This time the Jewish leaders understood that Jesus was claiming to be God, so they took up stones to stone him for blasphemy. \n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(I AM):\n\n(Gk. ego emimi);\n\n*(John 6:35)<---And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst).\n*(John 10:7)<---Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep).\n*(John 10:14)<---I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine).\n*(John 15:1)<---I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman).\n*(John 18:5)<---They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them).\n\n***Strong's #1473; 1510:\nThis expression denotes self-identity in self-sufficiency. In one breath, Jesus asserted His eternal preexistence and His absolute deity. Abraham, as with all mortals, came into existence at one point in time. The Son of God, unlike all mortals, never has a beginning. He is eternal; and He is God.\n\nThis is evident in Jesus use of the words I AM for Himself. This statement recalls the Septuagint (The Greek OT) translation of Exodus 3:6 & 14, in which God unveiled His identity as the I AM WHO I AM. Thus Jesus was claiming to be the ever-existing, self-existent God.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus claims equality with God in Power):\n\nThen answered Jesus \nand said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nThe Son can do nothing of himself, \n\nbut what he seeth the Father do:\nfor what things soever he doeth, \n\nthese also doeth the Son likewise.\n\n(The Son can do nothing of himself): Means that action by the Son apart from the Father is impossible because of the unity of the Father and the Son. (Whatever he does, the Son also does): Is a claim of deity and unity with the Father).\n\nFor the Father loveth the Son, \nand sheweth him all things \nthat himself doeth:\n\nand he will shew him \ngreater works than these, \nthat ye may marvel.\n\n(The son does what the Father does because the Father loves the son. Moreover, because the Father loves the Son, he reveals all to him. The Father would show the Son greater works than the healing of the sick man. Jesus would raised the dead and eventually judge humanity).\n\nFor as the Father raiseth up the dead, \nand quickeneth them; \neven so the Son quickeneth \nwhom he will.\n\n(The Son gives life): As God raises people from the dead and gives them life, so Christ gives people spiritual life. Jesus claimed the same power as God, thus claiming that he is equal with God).\n(John 5:19-21).
Is it weird my cat doesn't do this? He goes to sleep with me and usually wakes up at around 6 for some food and goes back to sleep until I wake up.
I hate to admit it. You did it. You recreated my cat.
only true sweaty greasy united kingdom ass kissing cringey faggots watch these videos tbh. and no one will even acknowledge this comment cuz everyone who reads this is weirddddd af and likes to fuck there family : D weirdossssss
There was a picture of Jesus in the bathroom...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*YOU DARE TO DISTURB THE SHITTER OF JESUS?*
That's my cat. Except for the scream at the end.
At 0:23 you can see his cat sitting there confused and afraid.
I guess im lucky, my cat just sleeps all night
See THIS deserves to be on trending! No politically correct bullshit, no fake vloggers just a simple yet hilarious video.
I have to do the thing
like my dear sweet departed great grandmother used to say, cats are dicks.
This is why I do not own a cat
0:23 I like how there was a cat in the background being like wtf are you doing retard.
how the hell is this shit still on trending. 1 mil in 3 days and 30 seconds long? idubbbz 10 mil in 1 day 30 min long? wtf is this shit youtuuuuuuuuuuuuuube
0:23 *actual cat* : tf are you doing
Is this jesse from breaking bad orrrr????? Genuine question help
You fucking weirdo your not a cat your a human it's 3:00 in the morning u syco go to bed!!!!!!!
And I thought Patrick was the only one excited for what he can do at 3 AM.
my cat never did this rip jessie i loved her
Why isn't this #1 on trending
That looks like the tenth take, or I guess your apartment is always like this?
Honestly, I unsubbed back about six months ago when I was purging my subscriptions and Bus Jackson here was one to go. I always saw him not get enough recognitions, good to see him on trending!
That scream at the end tho
the beginning of a new meme, Every blank At 3AM
He looks more like a mouse
I have a cat and she is a Bitch.
How the hell is this the #28 trending video?!
0:23 The cat is like wtf are you doing man.
AND THIS IS ON TRENDING!?!?!
This is amazing and so true
15 second ad on a 30 second video.. seems legit
Anyone else come back here after he posted The Comment Section After Getting On YouTube  Trending?
*helen I have to*
That last screaming part got me.
THIS is the quality content I signed up for. subscribed so you can eat.
Wtf this is just garbage i am gonna take a dump and see if i can get it trending
SO TRUE!!!\n\n0:23\nAlso the cat here is like what are you doing human. Are you mocking me?!
Me: moves my foot one cm at night\n\nmy cat: wrong move, human (aka my foot is sacrificed to the cat gods)
This is so true... holy shit.
h e l l e n  i   h a v e   t o   d o   t h i s
A long vine
Acurat af
No actually thats me on mondays
$200 AMAZON GIFT CARD GIVEAWAAAAY!
Yep, seems about right :-)
Elizabeth the 3rd
A CLASSIC
My cat has thumbs
Cats are nocturnal.
Lol
Lol
Still trending jeez
LMAO Reminds me of my cat!
0:29 bodysnacher!
wtf u fucking weirdo
Beautiful
Furry trash
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
999k views.....wow
30 sec video needs advertising, eh?
i cried
Not only trending but instant regret
I love pussy
can confirm
😂😂😂😂
3am cat caught on tap *not clickbait*
😂😂😂
Chasing evil entities away
Lmao that’s just hilarious ...
Grown men doing this shit
You seriously need therapy.
Beautiful
Lolwut? o_0
Bwahahahahahahaha,haha ha!
💕😂
LOLLL.
Jesus @ 0:21? 🤔
*fickung frurfy*
WHAT THE FUCK!!!!!
3am...witching hour😯
goddamnit Helen, learn to understand
✝️ *HARVEST MUSIC FESTIVAL MASSACRE Was Preplanned WELL in Advance* via Me And My Monkey song, SEE SONG VIDEO HERE  >>> https://youtu.be/1sBTMC2-tg4\n\nAnd Once You Fully understand the Spiritual Meaning of the Diabolical Massacre via the above link provided...\n\n✝️ *GET WITH GOD's PROGRAM, NOW!! PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE IS REAL!  AND IT'S RED ALERT!!* \n\n...Leave the Devil in the Dust for Good...\n\n✝️ *ARE YOU SAVED?* Find Out For Certain!  MAKE SURE YOU ARE SAVED by The Gospel, 1st Corinthians, 15:1-4 >> Just click HERE ==> https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-Corinthians-Chapter-15/ \n\n✝️ Beware the watered down False Doctrine many churches are pushing these days.  To be certain you have been Saved by the ONLY valid Gospel at the time of this posting, let Pastor Robert Breaker walk you through the simple steps today by clicking on the link ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k \n\n*REV 12 Sign of The Son of Man* being fulfilled;  TIME IS RUNNING OUT!\n\n😇 *Rightly Divided, The KJV Bible  (the only Bible uncorrupted) clearly promises the Blessed Hope of PRE-Tribulation Rapture!!*\n(shhhh...Satan doesn't want you to know) 👿\n\nJews, Gentiles, Everyone Alike...\n\n*GET SAVED NOW !! Don't be LEFT BEHIND to suffer The Great Tribulation...* 😓\n\n*The Bottom Line?*\nThe Blood of JESUS CHRIST is your ONLY hope of Salvation By Grace Through Faith for life everlasting in the Heavenly Kingdom...\n\n*GET SAVED & REPENT NOW!*\n*How To Know You're Saved* Click Here Now ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k\n\n✝️ For some of the latest Biblical Evidence, Rapture coming soon watch this Youtube video >>>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w\nFor more Watchmen videos use keywords Revelation 12 Sign, Last Trump, Rapture.  Take Heed and WARN  EVERYONE!! \n >>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w
Sub to my channel...good content!!!
Simply just Go to google and then type: WUMO SEO. It is the most trusted SEO company. They'll either rank your site or give your money back. I vouch for them.
Yeah this really is trending. Not even a million views in 3 days...
Subscribe to me \nI'll subscribe you guys back
Nice Skyrim map. And the Jesus photo in the bathroom? Do you create holy shits in there?
Christians are easily entertained.
my cat \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuG0375Oczc
https://youtu.be/sbmqbjb8ABI
Before Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri hits theaters, you guys should do Everything Wrong With either In Bruges or Seven Psychopaths, or both.
Everything wrong with you
Do Everything wrong with My Little Pony: the Movie
I died when he said Daphne the vampire slayer!! 😂😂😂😂
hm i'd like to see eww kung fury if wrong or wright is up to you :D
Bit late my friend
Now that you said it, you have to do Everything Wrong With Jackass
Sverything wrong with Avengers Infinity War:\n1. It's in 2018\n\nThats all.
Cinema sins on Tuesday can you do everything wrong with Caroline please
Everything Wrong with The Voices - Ryan Reynolds
Could you do a Everything Wrong with Transformers: The Last Knight?
You should make a sin with The Thinning even know it is on Youtube Red.
Everything Wrong With “IT”
Jeez, late 90's horror really recycled the same goddamn actors
Please do “Everything wrong with the Giver”
no sin for the heil hitler salute at 13:59
I was watching Charlie’s Angels the other day and never realized how bad it was. Please review.
I’m watching scream 3 as we speak and literally thought of so many sins and literally thought why haven’t I seen a cinema sins video for this?!
Do a cinema sins on cult of chucky
HOT HAM WATER! LMAO
Do everything wrong with 47 meters down. So many things in that fricken movie
Everything Wrong with The Bling Ring
Everything wrong with no country for old men
Can you do everything wrong with Rise of the Guardians please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No Friends references? I don't know whether to applaud your restraint or take issue with it. Also, sin The Prestige!!
Everything wrong with 47 meters down!!
Everything wrong with the emoji movie in under 1 minute\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEverything every god forsaken thing about that movie is wrong the fact that they made it is the worst of all
I still want Everything Wrong with The Bee Movie
I just saw a good bit of The Faculty and you need to sin that shit
what kind of idiot writer got the Aliens quote wrong and let Randy use it?? what it too much of a hassle to actually go and make sure?!....that was beyond stupid 1000 sins for that at the minimum..
You need to do one on Hocus Pocus For Halloween!!!
Is that the Original Sin Counter? Has it come back?
wheres is the movie sin counter 2.0 ???
The scream movies are epic... although the Scream series on the other hand...
Can you make a video everything wrong with G-Force
Everything wrong with Alpha and Omega just to make you mad!
Hey cinemasins , how come you never did “straight outta Compton” or “creed” ?
You should do the emoji movie!
How have you not sinned The Godfather or Shawshank redemption yet!!! I literally can’t believe you’ve sinned sinned citizen Kane but not two of the other greatest movies of all time
In all the times that I've watched Scream 2, I never realized that Lindsay Bluth (Portia De Rossi) was the other sorority chick! This was fantastic!
Do what about bob
If you guys do everything wrong with The Book of Henry I think the sins counter would break seriously I really good movie to make fun of
Haha this video so funny but I still love scream no matter what 😂
Do the evil dead !!!
Everything wrong with the cult of chucky...
finally, you acknowledge something a black person says as racist. took long enough.
Do everything wrong with needful things
Do Wonder Woman!
CLERKS?
Do on G.I.Joe
Austin powers
Derek parkoured before parkour was cool
18:32-18:41 lmao
Do The Phantom!!!!!!!!!!!
Pled d
Spider-Man homecoming
CHILDS PLAY 2
Annabelle creation
eww Walk the line
do it
pleeeeeease do pulp fiction and reservoir dogs and jackie brown and inglourious basterds and anything by stanley kubrick or scorsese
Scream 3 & Scream 4
What happened to sin counter 2.0
You should do everything wrong with anastasia it has a guy eating an apple to make him look like more of an asshole. AND THERES NARRATION
Do Everything wrong with The Shining!
At 5:35 - 5:40 he says goat face instead of ghostface
Everything wrong with Mean Girls (2004)
Plz do Everything Wrong With 10 Cloverfield Lane\n\nI think it's amazing
You need to make Everything wrong with Halloween (the original one)
i can’t wait for everything wrong with scream 3. it’s my favorite one.
You forgot the Movie Sin Counter 2.0 logo ....1000000 sins to you Cinemasins😂😂😂
Everything wrong with guardians of the galaxy vol 2
Everything wrong with Water World.
Everything wrong with Netflix's Death Note
even though *EVERYONE* in the theatre has been making all kinds of noise since the movie started, *MAUREEN'S* outburst crosses the line? dat's racist *DING*\n\nalso, I would be excellent at CinemaSins... *ding*
I found that canned ham we had forever and put it in some boiling water. Guess what I'm calling it? Soup? Why do I find this exchange laugh out loud funny?
Everything Wrong With The Emoji Movie and Everything Wrong With The Bee Movie... I'm really looking forward to these.
please make everything wrong with final destination
Love it that you've done 2 Screams in a row please do a Scream 3 CinemaSin's
I've been waiting for this. My favorite movie but it's always fun to see stuff like this
I can't wait for the thing 1982\2011 or both
4:29 Oh snap, it's the guy from Sliders.
Hey you guys need to Sin Southland Tales
Do Guardians of the galaxy 2
i've wanted them to do the scream movies so bad
Do the last knight
Hey , Can you do a ,,IT” movie sins pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Wasn't Tori in Scary Movie 2....?
You should sin music videos
Before you do a cinema sins for the live-action Wonder Woman do one for the far superior animated Wonder Woman that came out in 2009.
I guess next week is gonna be exorcist 2
EVERYTHING WRONG WITH MY LITTLE PONY THE MOVIE
Who else watches CinemaSins before going to see the actual movie, so they don't scream like a little baby back bitch in the movie theater?
You should do everything wrong with  my little pony pony the movie.
I have a suggestion! Everything wrong with Tin Tin
Please do Hellraiser
THE SIN COUNTER LIVES
Do one on Downfall plz.
DO THE EMOJI MOVIE YOU TWATS
where's spiderman homeconing
The fans have such good mail to send you!
What is the brand of the USB clock fan?
I wish I had Fun Mail
Lúcio's Gun is actually a drain cleaner😂😂 (only overwatch fans could understand)
I want a belt like that
Crazy. I believe none day you can hit 11mill wish u good luck
Could someone tell me where to get the bike wheel light from
I have that kind of belt for more than 3 years
Which pocket knife is that
This guy is going to survive the world war 3
if i have sandwich or something to eat lol great example
boom
welcome to malobolatoy
Thumbs up for Hugo!
I love clock fan
Look at orange bathroom thing
Fun mail
Neat Gadjicks
I like his acsent
Welcome back to Marlboro Toy
What happened to the soviet sign?
Put this one and boom !
You know the dog collars adjust, yes?
I was honestly more entertained by his dogs!!!
You are always on trending XD
Am I the only one who noticed how he has even more cuts on his hands it makes me so sad TT
you like to play video games.. those sponge bobs are from a coin pusher game!! nice
好
I see Lil taras has been going to the arcades
His dogs make his videos 200x better
You’re so cool Taras! Nothing beats your videos
that’s the clip on tie of belts
That was the kulakovest video in the world
Fan took a while to start coz of drivers being installed, I believe...
i wonder when somebody is going to replace the boom in charli xcxs Song with Taras' Boom
Good
Sandvich
Today we are going to put to test 10 gajecks
I love u u are the best in the world
I haven't seen these videos in ages just stumbled across it again 😀😀😀😀
All them tools and he still struggle to open packages
I just understood what he says at the start😂😂 i didn't realise that he was saying welcome back to my laboratory
you were meant to adjust the dog collar
ShitKit 😂😂😂\nI'm laughing so hard rn 😂😂
I think the staple free stapler is really cool but I wish it made a smaller hole in the paper.
What happned to your hand
you going to test the air plunger?
I too enjoy sandwiches while on the toilet good sir
I want the bike light but theres no url for it
I like that belt, easy to take off when you have to whip someone.
so what did he say?
This guy is so freakin funny. Love him Good looking dogs.
The first one looked kinda crappy
Did anybody notice that the SpongeBob cards are from Dave and busters well that’s where I saw them they could be from other arcade games LOL
If you want us to see those spinning things try recording at 24 frames a second
*FUN MAIL*
Potty parties 🎉😂
Where's the hammer and sickle? Its just star now. Союз советских!
1980
S
done!!!!!!!
Am jealous of your paragon
Krabs
HE SAID SANDVICH\n\nTHE NOSTALGIA
Gooood
got the potty pack, pretty awesome for outdoor folks!
cute cards u got there
1.2 millan views... Wow! Amaayzin
Sandvich
Crazy Russian Hacker: Smells like hand sanatizer Me: LOL
cool ROG bruh
testing vietnam mre
b o o m 💥💥\n\n\n\n*Read more*
his accent never fails to amuse me😂😂
This gadget is called boom gadget.
Taras please do a give away
So now you can clean your hands with those beautiful hand sanitizer and have some sandwiches while youre shitting
3 years of watching youtube and i still haven got use to skipping the ad
Hugo is adorable. So is the other 1
those belts aren't going to last very long.
So only buy the toiletries if you drive for more than EXACTLY 7 hours
I love your dogs
The dogs where so funny in this vid with the fan part to 😂😂😂😂
Did crazyrussianhacker hack the U.S. 2016 elections?? I mean think about it. he's Russian, and he's a crazy hacker..... Think about it.
Your size 36 but use 38 just to be safe? I'm going to use that
We need to build the wall
Hanzentizer
Love the asus rog laptop is pretty OG
His accent is THICK
so wholesome uwu
I glad you said shave
Ra ra Rasputin
Until fcb cn
Z
You can loosen the collars
Ello errbody welcome back to amahnama tooyl where safety is r numma one prrroarity.
Sweet paragon warlock knife
You got some jacked up fingers
Русские в американском тренде 🙆
Английская речь + русский акцент, в итоге я ни черта не могу разобрать((
I hope you guys enjoy the video! A special thanks to Lindsey Stirling and Mark Ballas for helping me with this cake. You can vote for them to stay on Dancing with the Stars every Monday!\n\n#TeamSTARK 😊💃🕺💕
Hey Rosanna I know a good hack of separating egg yolk and white. You use a plastic bottle and suck in the yolk by squeezing the bottle where the yolk is and releasing. Make sure the plastic bottle is smaller that the egg yolk.
Ro!!!! You should make more collabs with markiplier! Maybe do some with Sean/ Jacksepticeye!
Um can u make a monster high cake plzz
You should make the zombie cake from the Sims 4!
Who thinks that Ro should make a horse cake 🎂 🐴
OMG marks not wearing black!
Please do something Hamilton themed!
Watch it
make a scooter cake with tanner fox
Please make cakes based on Indian theme,green tea & red wine please
I loved this. ABC keep it coming.
You should try the spider cookie from Halloween town 4
Ro can you do superwoman cupcakes with Lilly Singh ppppppppllllllllzzzzzzzz!!!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!
I know this is really irrelevant, but can u plzzzzz do a vid with MannyMUA💜💜💜💜
Can you make the Ube roll from Steven Universe?
hello, while I realize you will likely never read this. have to say really enjoy your videos. there fun, and cute. great job
O M G\nI LOVE LINDSEY SOOO MUCH❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Who was hoping for a different Mark...? Just me?
the whisking brings me back to markiplier videos
will u do a troll cake please
I love dancing with the stars
Rosanna I just saw the new blade runner movie and all I can think is blade runner brownies or replican-tart or Nexus a la mode. Anyway you can help my stomachbrain out here?
Hey Ro can you please Make a jack skelington cake!
PLEASE MAKE ASUNAS SANDWICH FROM SWORD ART ONLINE
As Halloween Is Coming, Do A Pumpkin Cake Or Pumpkin Cupcakes Rosanna.
Its her kicten but she doesn't know where the spoon is
do a party cake
Wasn't Mike in Melissa and Joey
What do u do with all that food I know u didn't eat it ur way 2 skinny
Mark looks like Tommy from Arrow
Hi can u do a viedos with Liza koshy plz
Halloween is coming could u make   a giant pumpkin cake full of Candy like if u agree
I saw the Nerdy Nummies stuff at Joann yesterday and I got so excited then realized that I couldn't buy it because I didn't have the money \nTalk about disappointment...
Do one with DanTDM please!
there from dancing with the stars
rosanna pansino you should do the gummy vs real food challenge with Mo
❤️ Oh my gosh, you are so ADORABLE!!! You literally could not be cuter, unless you had a kitten on your head!!! And all three of you guys are so adorable when put together!!!
I've been voting for Nikki Bella. But these two are definitely my second favourites ;)
Can you please make a video with Jake Paul and make a team 10 cake plz 😀😀😀😀
Lindsey and Mark have such great chemistry.
You should do a video about buttercream icing
Can you please do Bendy and the ink machine?
Can you please do another video with Justine
Hey Can You Make Something Professor Layton Related Please Thanks :3
I love your video s
Do a challenge video with Justine
When she said Mark I thought it was going to be Markiplier 😂😂😂😂
I need more Ro and Lindsey in my life 😂🙈
Can you please make a sister location cake please I wanna see you make it
You should make something flash themed!!
Hi Ro, can you make a slime challenge video? Like if you agree!
When you hit 10 million make a video with mark!
Can u do a collab with laurenzside or ldshadowlady
Can you make dino treats with laurdiy and Alex wassabi
OMG LINDSEY STERLING, MY BEST FRIEND IS YOUR BIGGEST FAN SHE WROTE A REPORT ON YOU!!!🤣🤣🤣
So glad Mark is back on DWTS!
Ro make something flash themed. Also a tip when you are using honey spray the bowl or measuring cup with non stick cooking spray and the honey will come out with ease.
I love Lindsey Stirling I play the violin too
Do a sugar skulls theme treats plzzzz for Halloween
I made a fool out of myself because when i was at the store i saw your cooking stuff and i  yelled out Nerdy Nummies
This cake is fantastic,the disco tiles must've taken forever.still looks good
Sorry my spelling is not good
Mark is so pretty
i have definitely fell in the rabbit hole of instagram watching cooking vids/oddly satisfying stuff haha. please make a video with liza koshy!! and laurdiy!! ❤️
Looks like you did it
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do an IPHONE X CAKE OR COOKIES
Or make a bear bear plushie cake with Laurdiy
Can you please do a calab with Brooklyn and Bailey
hello rosanna, please make macarons,with shape of tefiti heart,like on movie 'moana'
Totally not a rip off of Strictly Come Dancing ahah
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE  DO SOMETHING HAMILTON (the musical)
Its good
Do the pancake art challenge plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍
Logan paul!!!
Make a giant eyeball cake
Can you make som SRMTHFG
Persona 5 please!
Rosana please make a monopoly cake please!!
pls make a wonderwoman cake
Derek gerard likes you
Ro plz plz plz do jrassic park /world plz ❤
What about nikki bella?
Anyone else ship Ro and Markiplier???
Mark Ballas!!!!
Make strawberry puffs with Aphmau please!!!
Do something Hamilton themed!!
Lars’ Ube, Steven universe
do more challenges
You should make beine boo cupcakes
Uve gotta do a planet earth
Congrats on trending
liza koshy
Invite dantdm to bake diamond cookies
Collab with Liza Koshy!
Can you please collab with Liza Koshy and Safiya Nygaard pleaseeeeee
Do something bee themed
Ro! Make something Voltron theme!
Collab with AlishaMarie
Make something Hamilton themed!!!
I was not prepared to be inspired today
Get Samuel L. Jackson on the show!
Hold up!!! He's 50 😵😵
When he screams, he looks like a sweaty hairless cat with perfectly white and straight human teeth
Can you please do  Brendon Urie from Panic! at the disco.
You need to interview 21 savage
Please make Tyler, the Creator happen
Terry Crews is such a awesome guy. Can’t wait to meet him one of these days!
I usually dont watch through the whole video of these... but hes just so damn interesting and genuine i couldnt stop lol
Wait he's nearly 50?!?!
3:53 turn on captions and it says “ I like porn now” lmfao
Love Terry Crews. Holy hell I'd love to try this since, it took 5 million scolville to break me.
Tf are all these new sauces I’m mad
saw a Terry Crews old spice ad b4 the vid lolz
...didn't even Break a Sweat eating those Hot Wings...
Just got a terry cruise old spice ad while watching this
Terry my man, you the best bro c:
Seeing Terry talk about spending time with his son and connecting, was the best thing on hot ones ever. Great moment.
Tell me why when I clicked on this I got Terry in the spice commercial
His most quoted quoted should now be I feel like Steve Jobs in the 70's.
Am I the only one who thinks this host lacks charisma? He talks so forcefully. It's as if he memorized every sentence he was going to say prior to the interview. Sounds like a bad presentation.
Got qn old spice commercial when I watched this.
i was kinda sad when i saw that 3/4 of the sauce were under 100k scoville :/ my sweetspot id say is like 100-250k. over that its just for shit and giggles and obviously too hot for regular food (plus it kinda fucks up your bathroom time loll) and under 100k its not really hot
Why didn't ya ask him about Gamer? Lol
i just had a terry crew old spice commercial before this vid
Terry Crews always funny and also a great person! loved the episode
Of course a Terry Crews Old Spice commercial on this episode.
Nice videos guys! You should invite Gabriel Iglesias to Hot Ones,  he beign latin and mexican we can see the tolerance to spicy hot wings! Please
Get some of the Jackass dudes on and quadruple the hot sauce
You should have donald trump on the show. Start with Last Dab and go up from there.
I really would have liked to have seen Sean's initial reaction to Terry Crews screams of pain\nEdit:also they should do like a small after the interview segment of the show like 10 minutes or so after they've filmed the interviewso after all those hot wings and even hotter questions how do you feel? I feel like that'd be interesting to see
What a cool guy, love hearing about his up bringing.  Most people with that kind of a background don't end up like him...
YES, put the extra on there! I'm a glutton*voice cracks* for punishment. 😂😂😂😂
i cried during the PC part
one of the most lovable, funny, cool men and he's swole AF.
Terry Crews is a really fucking cool guy
terry crews is the coolest man ever
Ion know but I like this mfkr right here ..pause 🤔🤔
He is one all around beautiful human being. Everything he described about his life, and his mantra, the talent, plus the eye candy... Yummy, all of it.
That last part was beautiful. Friends forever.
The sound design on this episode deserves a freakin award
TERRY CREWS FROM ULTIMATE BEASTMASTER I LOVE YOU
Lol I got an old Spice ad with terry crews in it before this vid
Terry crews seems like a fantastic guy I love how passionate he is about everything he spoke about.
*standing ovation* almost as good as black science man
We need an episode with Justin Roiland!
yes he said mouses, it is now official, change the damn dictionary!
Awesome interview with awesome people! Love Hot Ones and Terry Crews.
Is Sean Evans immune to hot sauce?!
He kicks ass! Never heard of the show though.
Get LA Beast on!
Brooklyn Nine Nine best show ever
Put him on the Eric Andre show
I got an Old Spice ad with Terry in it before the video started lmao
OMG!  That got so much better as it progressed!
You gotta get Bill Buhr in on this!!!! I'd love to see him lose his mind over hot sauce.
Got the fries that'll cross your eyes, got the shakes that will make you quake,   got the burgers that...... Ahh I just got burgers!  - cheeseburger eddy
I was waiting for him to yell POWERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Long time viewer and FAN here looking for some help <3 \n\nI know I'm shooting for the stars but I really hope some of you would be willing to help with a GoFundMe that I started for my mother. For more information would you please read here: https://w.gofundme.com/j9stx-help-bring-my-mom-home-please\n\nIt would mean the world if the Hot One's fam would be willing to help with making this a reality before it's too late. \nThank you!
Y'all gave Terry some burnt ass wings!
Lmao terry crews ad before the video
Please get Freddie Gibbs on this show!!!!
one of the nicest guy ever. plus he plays videogames. love this guy
You should totally get Flatbush Zombies on the show
I like how the old spice ad came on right at the beginning
The music score is freaking epic!
such a precious man
An old spice Terry commercial over a video of him eating spicy wings? Damn straight 😂
old spice ad right before this video
He has the best teeth I’ve ever seen on a man or woman.
I got an Old Spice ad XD
Have The Crude Brothers (YT Channel) on your show
That's 87 cents of uneaten chicken scraps sitting all over my table! Somebody better come eat that!
Hot ones is my new fav interview channel
I really wonder what would Bernie Mac, Charlie Murphy, and Robin Williams, Michael Jackson do while doing this challenge RIP those that died too soon
lol I got an old spice commercial
That moment when You get Old Spice Terry Crews ad while watching Terry Crews eat spicy wings.
Please get Danny and Arin from Game Grumps on!!!
Terry, you are a true legend!
PEC dance!
Terry is really likable
Matt stone and trey Parker
He went super saiyan
Terry Crews is awesome!!!
*dude i litteraly got an old spice terry crews commercial *
POWERRRRRRRRRRR
Doomfist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDZNXRAtXs0
terry Cruz is the fucking buff tech9!! lmfao!!!
P P P POWERRRRRRR
AAHHHH WHAT BITCH!! XD
She be like 11:26
Gordon Ramsay!!!
Should've voiced Doomfist
he didnt bite extra dab
Try to have marshmello feature
love terry crews
What bitch!😂😂😂
IDUBBBZ
INVITE SNOOP DOG!!!!
Boys, can you please level up Spaghetti with pesto? It's a go to midweek dinner but can get so boring...
Guys can you please level up oatmeal (i know it sounds stupid but I need it in my life)?
Ben u need to make the most difficult omelette at some point on this channel. Andrew on buzz feed did it but I'm wondering how hard it would be for your chefs so level up omelette I guess??
Level up fried rice!!!! 🍚➡🍛
yiis put it on barry is the best :)) craving for that ice cream now
Id love to see a level up of Cauliflower cheese or other veg side dishes!
level up chicken i'm trying to loose weight PLS
That was awesome. Next level up should be roasted potatoes
How long would it last in a fridge?
While we're in the season--could you level up pumpkin pie?
Dear Barry, \nplease give a thorough guide to how you style your hair. I am in awe.\nRegards, an Admirer
I was just thinking about putting it on Barry! Jamie read my dirty dirty mind!
I'm gonna challenge you to level up BREAD. Just a normal basic BREAD.
Barry Avacado
Level up a birthday cake.
Level up chocolate fudge sauce is that possible
That's well posh
Anybody wanted to see what happened when Barry found the sauce on his back???
Just a bunch of children
How about levelling up the humble chip?
With fall here you should level up some comfort foods like chilli, or chicken soup or leveled up apple pie yum lol
Easy way to level up chocolate sauce in two words: chili powder.
Later this month could you please do some Halloween stuff. Maybe around the 22nd October. Maybe you could have a Halloween week, a whole week dedicated to Halloween. Thank you for reading and please consider these as an idea.
...liquorice, so star anise.\nCouldn't get real liquorice, mate?
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
Level up a protein shake lads
level up bacon and eggs
quick question: how well do you think this would keep? (ask because i wanna make it, but i'm too lazy to do it every time i wanna eat ice-cream tbh)
What kind/type of red wine could you best use for this?
Did Barry dye his hair? Loving it.
ThAt's well POsH
If you lads can somehow manage to level up Cheesecake, and I mean like, real hardcore New York style cheesecake, then I will be thoroughly impressed.
I dont like these odd format changes....wheres my fridgecam...wheres my mystery box drops...where james standing in the corner..torturing the boys with the box...wheres my damn brownie points...I DONT LIKE CHANGES!
Level up the classic snack Ants On A Log!
What’s Ian doing here...
you guys are trending! congratulations, so happy for you XD
Would the Wine Syrup also work with Ginger Wine?
I really love how Mike describes the taste of the foods you make. Makes me feel like I can also taste the food even though I really can’t
They just touch the chocolate with the spoon, \n*I would spill the whole thing in my mouth fr*
🔥Day Dream Work🔥\nWelcome's You  \nhttps://youtu.be/c3zw-fhOejQ\nSUBSCRIBE OUR CHANNEL\n🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈
What kind of red wine did you use ??
Whatever sauce you make, mix it with coffee and you have an insane hot beverage
Red wine is quite varied in sweetness and dryness.  Which type of red wine was used?
Put it on ure dk and let me lick it off
LEVEL UP CREAM CHIP BEEF (or you might know of it as SOS or sh*t on a shingle)  I RELIGIOUSLY WATCH YOUR CHANNEL
I don't know how and I fear the end result because it's already perfect, but, cheese sauce?
fuck kind of thumbnail is this mike
Level up a lamington please!
Did Barry get highlights in his hair?
Youtube/Facebook/Instagram/Twitter/Soundcloud Services for Sale\nYoutube Video VIEW for Sale( 10000 Views for 10$)\nYoutube Video LIKE for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nYouTube Subscribers For Sale( 1000 Subscribers for 31$)\nInstagram Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 4$)\nInstagram Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 1$)\nTwitter Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 2$)\nSoundcloud Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 5$)\nFacebook Fanpage Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nNOTICE: THIS SERVICE IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR INDIA AND PAKISTAN\nIf u want to BUY Contact me Skype: Faysal470492@hotmail,,com\nor Email me  Smmshaq316@gmail,,com\nWhatsApp Number  +8801680470492\nPayment Paypal/Creditcard\nNO FREE SERVICE OR DEMO WILL BE GIVEN BEFORE PAYMENT(For demo Invest 1$ to Test if This Service is legit or not)\nCa3rEOlAfpc
Dang they've changed I haven't watched sorted food for like a year..
You should level up *MAC AND CHEESE* next!
What wine did you use?
you guys should level up mac and cheese
I love sauce made out of red vine and balsamic vinegar (reduced, obviously) and then thickened with dark chocolate ( not cold butter). best for Steaks
I can't believe this week is gonna end without you guys getting sauced :(
level up something with pumpkin, but start from raw pumpkin please.
You drowned the ice cream oh no ;w;
So.. where can we find a fudge-sauce-covered-Barry?
How about leveling up a quesadilla? Maybe some pulled pork?
This looks amazing! I have to try this!
Or put it on Mike 👌
OR for a super yummy, super thick healthier chocolate fudge sauce just melt equal parts butter, brown sugar, cocoa powder, golden syrup and water. Mix then add to the microwave for 10 second bursts until the sugar is dissolved. Can make as much or as little sauce as needed 👍🏼👍🏼 Your welcome!
Level up Mayonnaise
Level up a classic Crisp Sandwich!!!
level up peanut butter!
Level up Peanut Butter!
Level Up Barry Next
The thumbnail made me horny!
44 in trending
Level up rice pudding
its october
viral vidoe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmoeg96WJbM
Level up fried chicken
Level up guacamole!
Level up mayonaise
Level up pizza
Bens face
PLEASE LEVEL UP CUSTARD !! IM BEGGING YOU
what about kahlua or baileys
Cockcolate
Barry is hot
Thank You Always
Level up custard!!! :D :D
Level Up - Peanut Butter
This has 19dislikes
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
Level up buttered popcorn
Level up guacamole
Level up sloppy joes.
Level up pizza ☺️🙏🏻
Make mooncakes :D
Level Up S'mores!
Pizza level it uppp
Has barry dyed his hair
level up healthy food!
The level up just made a ban of fudge for children
That's a terrible thumbnail
Level up some regular plebby Hash Browns into a dreamy (possibly cheesy) masterpiece!
Please level up pork crackling!!
Getting people into work faster and staying in work longer.😂more like destroying life's.
She is a fearful hypocrite, no matter she pretends to say. Gray hair and cracked voice of some old witch from forest suits her perfect.
Amazing the guy got that close to the PM, he'd have been shot in the US.
She said something and noone laughed so she said it again
Love the hair it's so Trumpy!
Lucky she was in the U.K. in America it would have been a gun.
Who is this bird again?
Well past her sell by date...
I think half of them shouting OUT directed that towards Theresa May.
Id go gay for that guy! No homo.
Does it get any worse ....
She wants to give him a p45 because she can't handle the competition?
What a farce, that was a Tory setup. Your telling me the dam security never knew he was coming on? Seriously even the camera crews knew where he was sitting they zoomed in on him at the start of her speech, just waiting for his staged stunt.
She should have kicked him to bed what a weird looking idiot and why no security well done pm for carrying on regardless
We need her out
I take it everyone knows the prankster was the comedian lee Nelson?
Look at those fat slobs thumping themselves on the back... P45 is the first form they should have received
Even a software update can't save Teresa.
He is not a prankster it's called the comedian
I just want to see how many people hate her and want her out. If it’s labour or green or even Lib Dem hit like to get her out. She isn’t for the people, she isn’t for the poor or middle class, she doesn’t care about anyone other than companies giving her money. HIT LIKE IF YOU WANT HER OUT WE NEED HER OUT!!
We all know Amber Rudd is smirking in the audience
I hate this woman
Somebody give a knighthood to that man!!!!!!!!!
Is it Lee Nelson?
Joke politicians for an even bigger joke of a nation. Merkal herself probably could run that place better than your so called Parliament.
Was that Lee Nelson again?
No copyright music for your channel, enjoy))
And  you my dear have just been served
I feel sorry for may whoever we have as prime minister is still going to be ruled by America
All she needs now is the stab in the back and the show is over.
How about you shut up about Corbyn and get on with your job and talk about your policies and plans. Or is she just going to keep complaining like a child
Saying Jeremy Corbyn should be given a P45 and when you struck a deal with a racist party to stay in power 😐
Who's ready for the UK Riots next year?
Am I the only one who recognises this dude as Lee Nelson?!
Love that theresa may would love her to touch my clit
Please take your P45 and leave Mrs May. You madam are a disaster waiting to happen and Corbin isn't any better.
She's like a broken record. Plus you have all those seals clapping at anything that comes out her mouth.
*build a country that works for rich people
Bye Bye Tories.
I thought she tried to give Jeremy Corbyn a P45 and that's the reason her party wants to give a P45 to her.
Is it me or he looks WAY TO MUCH LIKE MATTSHEA O
Lee nelson lol what a guy
A great insight into how choreographed these conference speeches are - note that after she said We've spent too much time talking about Jeremy Corbyn's past the audience was supposed to applaud but missed the cue because everyone was distracted by the intruder, so she said you probably didn't hear it and read the line again - this time they get it right.
Another classic stunt by lee nelson cant wait to how he prepared for this 1 🤣😂🤣😂
Looks like Stephen Hawking in his prime
I'm confused what's a p45 and wtf is this vid on about
*Got no clap*\n*Cough cough* you may not have heard me...\n*Forced clap*
what that the the guy from Lee Nelson's well good show
It's a shame that comedian, doesn't have anything intelligent or useful to add. But instead resorts to the easy millennial route of just trying to make a name for yourself with cheap social media stunts.
Just to clear who he was. He was lee nelson. Not his real name but now u kno who i mean
She doesn't have any respect to people
Why does this crone always blabber on about corbyn, are there any solid beneficial ideas to be implemented for the people or is it just this childish pissing match. It's always some inept moron at the head of a witless cabinet plunging us into one disaster after another, no real progress is made from politics.
Lee nelson always up to something he’s the one who threw money over Seb platter funny guy
You can hear Brexit in the background
What an old Hag can’t  wait till she leaves
This, and other trivial things, seems to be so much more important than what the PM had to say.  NOT!
Honestly cheers to that guy
We've spent too much time talking about Jeremy Corbyn ['s past] *proceeds to talk about Jeremy Corbyn further.
It’s lee nelson man you blind
Does anyone know who the prankster is, I do I just forgot his name :/
that was such a dead prank
The guards probably let him get close in hopes that he would hopefully assassinate her lmao😂
Lol what a bunch of scrubs if that was white house that nerd woulda lost his teeth 10 feet in lol
OH MY GOD ALL SHE TALKS ABOUT IS JEREMY CORBIN. WHAT KIND OF POLITICS IS THIS??? SO RUBBISH
If she said something like you’re a btech sacha baron cohen his career could have been ended but she wasn’t on the ball.
Well done Simon Brodkin aka Lee Nelson the brilliant comedian does it again superb 👏👏👏👏😂😂😂😂
Blah blah blah
Lee Nelson ain't funny anymore.
Simon back again
I LOVE THAT PRANKSTER HAHAHAHAH
Thought we’d got rid of all the witches after maggie thatcher, but I guess not🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
yerno it would be a different story if it was a terrorist or criminal
Somone give that man a promotion and a raise!
where's the secret service when you need them. Double tap to the head is all it takes
bankers puppet with the lowest wit
AHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHHHAHHA
LEE NELSON WAYYYYY
Simon brodkin
Qwaliteeeeeeeee
OMG that's Lee Nelson.
Simon brodkin
She has nightmares about corbyn
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!
Foreign Poricy...
Simon brodkin?
ok
Lee Nelson qualityyy
What an idiot
Lol
Well in mate
Simon Brodkin i love you
Go on Simon brodkin
Genius.
Lol '-)
That was hilarious.
Qualiteeeeeeeeeee\n-lee nelson
Ayyyyy Simon Brodkin ;)
I love a good prank! lol
Admit it, all of you thought in the title it said Ps5.....
The media was all for her and the conservatives now the are all for Corbin. Bunch of jokers the media
i miss the bun
Ben platts awkward photo at the end is just icing on the cake👌👌👌
We love you Lin!
Lin’s face at 9:03
As a Puertorican right now in the island, I thank you\n\nHowever, PLEASE give this money to local charities or community organizations!!! DO NOT give it to the government!!! \n\nA great idea is to choose and adopt  an affected city or county! Specially if is among the mountain regions. \n\nGovernment is not doing a good job distributing the help fairly. \n\nOnce again, thank you!
Almost like praying is so amazing!
lin is a precious sugar cookie
Yeah 1 Mio is nice, but nothing compared to a golf trophy! ...
I love Lin!!! I'm from Puerto Rico!!! It's been hard....thank you all for the donations!
This restored my faith in humanity
I actually cried. I LOVE LIN MANUEL MIRANDA WAY TOO MUCH, WE DONT DESERVE HIM 😭😭😭❤️
HAMILTON!!!!!! LIN!!!!!!!
“he gives and he gives” burr would said that he takes instead
Thank you so much 😊
i mean i cant be the only one where the 666,000 and then you got the cbs logo in the background
“I just came back from Puerto RICCCOOO YESTERDAY. and I’m bored.”
What's the name of the song at the end
Thank Lin-Manuel Miranda, your a genius! Thank you for what you are doing and yes I've donated. For all the hurricanes. Especially for PR where I have family as well. Thank you for Hamilton as well.🙏🏽💎💎💎💎
I hate these type of shows
It's a shame we don't have another puberty photo- \nLin: MY PEOPLE NEED ME
no Stephen, it just makes your BRAIN stop growing at 15. and backtrack a few years.
You don't happen to  have an awkward puberty photo do you?\nI don't...I'm afraid I looked really Good...BUT I do have an awkward puberty VIDEO!!!  This guy though.
Why am I only now noticing how hot Manuel is?
LOVE YOU STEPHEN AND LOVE MY ISLAND!!
lin has done more than trump
Lin-Manuel Miranda is a gosh-darn world treasure.
can i join i'm still going through puberty though
This warms my heart and brings tears to my eyes. Im in Puerto Rico and I love Stephen Colbert, Lin Manuel, Nick Kroll, The Americone Foundation!! It means everything! GRACIAS!!
An Ice cream never gives up ... until it has completely melted! ;)
All the confetti etc is treating fundraising for disaster relief like winning a gameshow. Puerto Rico isn't winning a game show. This is just like when Trump threw the paper towels and stuff into the crowd.
24-30fps for like 13 seconds is a lot of money
Thank you, as a Puertorriqen who still is trying to hear from my family.  God bless everyone who helps my beautiful island brothers and sisters. I pray my relatives are safe and healthy.
I started crying out of happiness. I have so much family in Puerto Rico. Thank you
omg, been watching colbert for years.... noticed his right ear jutting out like that for first time! hahaha love him!
Nice use of The Muffs Kids in America cover
Colbert is a complete cunt.
Gracias
Lin continues to embody generosity.
YASSSS
Is it just me or is there something other-worldly awesome about Lin Manuel Miranda?
But wouldn't the proceeds from Lin Manuel's photo have also been doubled, making it 1,001,000 dollars donated?
These numbers had me on a superstitious roller coaster man
Gracias! You are a blessing!
A million dollars and you didn't even get them a trophy? Sad.......
Americans love to congratulate themselves don't they lmao
this story will be one that is told for years to come.. of how a late night tv show host did more to help a horrific tragedy then our own president .. this was an amazing thing to see
Jon Batiste's voice is the most annoying susbtance known to man.
Ending it with a puber video of puerto rico is too perfect. This must have been thought out all at once. Wven the numbers synched up perfectly. They knew the end game from the begining.
How about a photo of Donald Trump?
Lin’s video was basically the plot of in the heights
Wow Lin looks like he regretted that
Director Ron Howard wanted to participate but couldn't find any pics of himself as a child or teenager.
That's a lot of couch change
Who knew ice cream paid so well? or is this maybe more of a direct donation than that? in any case, awesome, and good on CBS for stepping up, too!
Lin just walking in like a lost tourist
Perfect he had a puberme video of Puerto Rico!
Kroll said he would match it himself....liar
Wow, half of that won't ever land in Puerto Rico, guaranteed you MF's! Go there, do something real .... You couldn'd care less about N Orleans; Houston; the massive populated state of Florida... BTW, too many ppl in crazy Florida, get the F out - I guess they like natural disasters; just as long as the Everglades are safe (never more) I guess..
5:10 666,000 ? wake up sheeple, don't you realize it yet? The 666? The eye? smh.\n6:40 999,000 ? 999? That's just an inverted 666. what's next?\n\n\n\n\ncan't believe not many people made this comment yet, knowing the internet.
Damn right, DAMN RIGHT!!
Bless you Stephen, Knoll, and CBS.
AWESOME, LOVE YOU LIN MANUEL MIRANDA DIOS TE BENDIGA Y FAMILIA !!!
Much respect! 💨🌊🌧 relief.
HI BABY
LOVEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! #PuertoRicoRelief!
He looks like Evil Abed
LIN!
aww! cute
LIN CUT HIS HAIR OMG NO
Oh my God 😂❤
GREAT JOB^1000000
https://www.palestineposterproject.org/sites/default/files/styles/medium/public/horrors44_pppa.jpg?itok=rGOF1Kgx
😍 thanks everyone! Puerto Rico really needs help! Thx for bringing this together @stephenathome
Amazing gave me tears of joy. 😂
This is both amazing and sad. Amazing the generous spirit of all these people. Sad how they're doing more then the AMerican government
The 118 people who disliked this video are cunts
Lin Manuel us a genius; creative, insightful, talented, charismatic, etc. Trump supporters must hate him.
thank you so much for the support for my people in the Island PUERTO RICO!!! THANK YOU STEPHEN AND NICK THATS SO AWSOME!!
I want to apologize to the beautiful people in Puerto Rico for throwing paper towels. Ive been a bad Hombre.
This is so great
Stephen is helping more than Trump❤️
that is awesome. the things a unified people can do! God bless America!!!
Someone should put this video in the Trump MAGA Facebook account.  It will blow their racist minds!!!!
Lin Manuel is so good looking??
I CAME AS SOON AS I HEARD
Why is this not trending?
Lin Manuel Always looks like a 13 year old
That was painful to watch. Love you Lin 😙😙
This is what happens when you say Puerto Rico that many times...Lin Manuel Miranda manifests!
Such uplifting news we so desperately needed this week. <3
I saw it on t.v. I HAD to check it out
HOW WAS JOHN OLIVERS PHOTO NOT SHOWN ONCE?!?!
Thank you Stephen Colbert.
bloody awesome
Bless Lin Manuel Miranda
Great job 👏👏
GREAT JOB 👋👋👋
RIGGED
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ said only believe, that He is the Son of God.*\n*He will give you the free gift of eternal life*\n*He will also heal your body!*
This Moron said Trump was going straight to hell? Does this moron Miranda even understand the amount of aid the Trump administration has given to Puerto Rico? Is it Trump's fault that PR has no trucks to move the food around? If Obama pissed on the Puerto rican flag on TV this cocksucker would praise him. What an asshole.
Tom MC: ‘That’s good fun that’ *straightest face in the world*
I think that you guys need to do the rock climbing for your next couples date. Trust fall in all
Where is the Japanese candy video?
Go to Glasgow
Tonight Alive in the background 👌
I remember tom saying to my dad ur better of being a Manc
BMW = Black Men Ware
Tgi fridays where the queue is long and waiting for your server takes even longer.
GAYBAR!!
Tom what happened to gaming
goes to Japan once😂
Is that star city in Birmingham?
omg Lydia's face when she got the free game! Cutest thing ever! :)
I go to that golf place every 2 weeks (exact same one at Trafford Centre)
Trafford centre oi oi
Aids
You should keep both shopes and tern the other one in to a retal shop
Go Airsofting or Paintballing xD
They've got one in Derby, where I'm from. It's not a very crazy course to be fair.
This video is on trending!!!
1337 is a hacker group 😂
Go to bridlington and join me in the land of crappy wifi!
Wtf this videos trending lol
Tom are you a united fan!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
mot/tom you could go Nottingham
whens the t-shirt available
siehe: Dieter Irber -song PLANET LYDIA!!!!!
Yes it’s trending because Tom is the man. The kittens are almost as gorgeous as Tom.
acid tastes like nothing just paper ;) love the vlogs with you and your woman having great times making memories
You should do lasertag
Australia
kinda looks like nadeshots 100 theives clothing line..
NINJA WARRIOR, Tom, It's like 5 mins from trafford, they do amazing food too!!
His mums a victim
Yes Tom, 13 trending in UK
12. On trending in ireland
Toot toot mutherfuckers
Can someone please tell me what monitors Tom is using?
Just sayin, be careful with the collars. One of my cats *loves* having it, she really does enjoy it, with the bell and everything.  My other cat... well... got himself to bleed trying to take it off and had to quickly pay a visit to the vet...
My last name sounds like leete XD cos its me I'm elite
Go bowling at the Trafford centre then a meal at couchhouse it's the perfect date
Go to the Indy 500. You have months to get ready. Can get all sorts of race team passes and the racing is loud and exciting. The days before the race, you can get a pro driver drive you around IMS. Plus, the Snake Pit lmao
Yo I went to that golf course and got the ball in the middle at the end\nYou get a gold coin
You should go see blade runner 2049 😂😂😂
Tom got to the manchester chil factor or indoor sky diving:) its really cool and not too expensive either
Airsofting in salford :D  Amazing place funny put hurts lil bit youll all enjoy it
Picnic! + flying kites! 😂 lmao
I had a test in Latin class yesterday and the teacher had a bonus questions where he wrote the title of a movie in Latin and we had to translate it and he put blade runner. And once I translated the numbers I knew it because of toms vlogs. And I was the only one to get it right.
awesome vlog today!!!
The year is 2030: Tom (other tom) is still wearing vans
Ayyyyyy Trafford centre. Was literally there last week
whats happening on the 5th of october tom xx
new slogan- screw it  just do it
Fook me he'll be even closer to the grapes!! Tom's taking over Gee Cross, he's nicking the name off his dad!!
Blade runner is already been out for 3 days in NZ
Should take them to Daytona Go Karting place in Manchester, so much fun!
the new shirt in white looks clean.
Carful Tom my dad had an hernia operation and it took like 5 weeks to tecover
I went bowling today and I did the best in my life my highest score was 132
How tight can Tom MC get his pants? ha
lol tom taken golf and the laser game seriously, you can tell everyone is just annoyed with his stupid comments on chirping them for missing.
Thank God you are not censoring the curse words.
Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuududu
Used to love his lonely island. Too easy to just go on your life and make bank off it I guess. Still an artist though ha
Hey syndicate/Tom can u add me on snap chat I have sent u a request my snap chat name is \nJosh12850 please
How about a 2v2 bowling duel?
Yo-Yo-Yo if ya mum Doesnt like the laptop send it to ya boy we'll play some pubg together know what I'm saying 😂👌👌
1337 upside-down is leet. L=7 E=3 T=1
Tom's new japanese shirt says shindiketo
Omfg it's the Trafford centre in Manchester!!! My fave place
Whats tom macallens job?
I don't know how you still dare to upload after the shit you pulled. I'm annoyed everyone has just forgotten.
Since when he married
I haven't watch toms vlogs in ages is that his gf?
e is the 4th letter of the alphabetsmeeeert
Kate
OMG he lives near me or that's near me
Manchester City going win the league 💪😎💙💙💙💙💙💙
Bowling!
Guess what is October 5th Tom?!?!?!?
Every Vlog from now on I am going to write this <3 Day 189!
she got the free game because she rubbed the face thats so crazy
October 5th is my birthday I turned 22 yesterday
I’m going to the Trafford centre tomorrow, wish I was there when you were there!
mateeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee u look like focking ryan gosling mate at 9mins
Tom was getting head in the outro
So basically you make a big deal over the word elite
Tom m has girls feet lol
the new shirt as a hoodie would look dope
I have got to say tom seems to be gaining a bit of weight
Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud
This slimy manipulator still gets views? Lol morons.
Every shirt/ T-shirt has been insane but no disrespect to the designers whether it's u alice or your mom but the design is absolutely terrible😂
A new game you might want to try Warframe 100% reccomend it
Is he married or is this Clickbait?
I got a collar for my cat but last night he got attacked my another cat and when he came back with no collar and a scratch on his nose
where are you from? You sound like you're from Derby!?
No joke, havent watched a vlog since Christmas, glad. Very glad. These are so fucking cringy and terrible now XD
I have played both 18 course holes at the Trafford centre and it is not hard you are all bad at golf
That moment when you realise you went to that crazy golf course 😂😂
this falts laught
Do a motor trolley
Lonsdale Road
I am still laughing
Make a shopping cart go cart pls
Needs some flex tape
Maniac.\n\nAwesome too
Why does youtube unsub me from my favourite youtubers, like tf youtube
Your not quitting the channel are you? Im a big fan of your big projects
Colin is the definition of That's too stupid to work, LET'S DO IT
Who is this man with you in the car?
I think I see the problem. They put the driver's seat on the wrong side of the car.
Would you need a different license to drive that car when full because of its weight?
ill re sub when you pull off the youtube red crap
Make a jet powered go kart
BMW’s better when wet
Great watch as ever Colin. Keep up the good work!
Well... I'm amused.  Love those Brits!
I love it! 👍
UBER POOL
Mid life crisis
colin wirhout his normal shirt :o 2:58
Hello Colin Farts! (Only Germans will understand lol)
https://www.facebook.com/groups/236338130229624
Lol that blurred  street sign, Lonsdale Road
His laugh omg😂😂
That annoying fake laugh though
Why?
wow~~~~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwSCyPAz630
5 million subscribers only 1,037,599 views...lol
Your videos are getting worse
what was that blur for in 2:12
Your supposed to keep water outside the boat not inside btw i kinda want to see you make it float on water
That's illegal you should have your driver's license revoked.
I love your videos because they inspire me
How much are you asking for? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Look kids there goes that nutty man that lives next door.
Colin does it float. That's the real question
1 hour 30mins to fill .. call the fire brigade and they'll fill it in 20secs with their hose, just light a small fire in the back and ring them up, once the fires out just ask them to keep filling her up
I can't get over how much fun Colin seems to be having in this video, it's infectious.
Who ever pixelated the video...
Just the thing if you are running late for work,  jump in the car and wash at the same time, keeping clean clothes at work ready to change into 👍
Piss in the water
hey colin are you from notts
Being his neighbour must be really weird :D
You can walk on the water?
*Other Videos* :\n 1 Million likes,\n100k comments.\n\n*Colinfruz's video* :\n1 Million likes\n2 k comments.\n\nPeople are probably getting inspired and working their ass off tbh
will it float if you put a boat motor in it
Are you still a plumber because I need my central heating looking at.
What practical use does this have lol
I kid you not Colin, I found this particular video absolutely fucking hilarious and if I so happened to be in your neighbourhood, I'd shake your hand sir!
thank You for making and sharing this video. Great job!
How much you wanna bet that one guy peed
Make a giant security system
Imagine a car like that but with the rest of the body still intact. None of the water would spill out! Although getting in and out might be a problem without a hole in the roof or something...
WHERE IS YT RED EPISODE
Hey~ Korean! Put your hands up!
If you were in Brazil you would be cursed by waste of water
So this dipshit is charging for you to watch the most of his youtube videos now. Wow. Unsubscribed.
You're fake laughing is really pissing me off
You can tell that someone is very passionate about their project when there's a behind the scenes video for the behind the scenes video.
should have put the windows up
Can yo please take this to one of those flash restaurants or hotels were an usher will park you car for you. just give them your keys and sit back and laugh. This would be awesome to watch.
I'd jack my cock in that car and let the jizz float to the top.  Then a guy could skim it off the water and feed it to some niggers or Muslims lol
He has that mad scientist laugh lmao
Is... Is the steering wheel gonna get damp? \nThat made me smile so much hearing the little guy say that! Not sure why hahaha
This guy is like the A-Team or MacGyver , lock him in a garage with a hammer & 2 hours later he'll come out in the Iron Man suit.
This guy is Einstein
1:53 : Colin, I think this is the EXACT opposite of a boat...
Does he still have the Underground bunker?
Unsubscribing until youtube stops putting your red videos in my stream.
Make a tv oven
I've never laugh some much in my life good video
THIS is wtf I wanna do when I grow up!!!😂😂
For a future video I thought it would be really cool to convert the bmw into like a boat. Because it is already watertight you could leave it empty of water and raise the intake and exhaust above the top of the car and then you can drive it into a lake.
You won't see this in a proper video
Colin you should have a car which drops lighter fluid and then sparks it so it’s like ghost rider 👻 🚗 🔥
so the water from the vents was FAKED \noooh, BOO HISS BOO  mr furze you naughty man\nbut I can forgive as you are utterly bonkers brilliant :)
Only kids are willing to pay for the content. that explains a lot.
Try it with the top up next time
Kids in Africa could of drinked that water
New way of transporting fishes
We need more crazy inventors in the world like Colinfurze. Then we might actually create a working hover board
Colin you should make a automatic waffle eater
here who knows what that song is called where thers that guys deep vioce that goes oh damm
what's next? Tesla Coil Tower?
It would be such a better video if he stopped his stupid fake ass laugh
Sell me the e30 325i on the drive
When can we see the full AD?
This channel is really fucking good 👍
Take it into the car wash
scuba diving in a car full of water and driving
You could made a box to your legs between the wheel and the floor of the car were inside of it would be isolated and only would have air, then when the water leak in thru your legs you could just make a hole at the floor of this box to make the water leak out from the car
You could say that the engine...got flooded.
6:54 I bet the guy in the car behind him was like 0_0
Retard
Your such a fucking bellend
Be funny if they had been electrocuted to toast
Bro. i love your mad scientist cackle... It is the best!
Ok I'd like to fly to Paris now! Ahh so beautiful and that food :D xox
Whats that berry lipstick shade????? Its so gorgeous Tanya!!!!
oh my god, it's will smith!!
I went to Hotel Costes for dinner only once and had the exact same food haha, gotta love your French accent ;)\nHope you enjoyed your stay in my hometown!
That hot chocolate (I think it was in the little jug thing) looked so amazing :D
In England it’s like £20 to go to France on plane but like  £70 to go to Scotland. It’s madness. I hope brexit doesn’t change that 😭 obviously it depends what part you live like the price will change if your flying from Manchester or London etc
LOVE that berry lipstick 💄. Can you share the color?
I loved the black dress look - very chic! 👌 Also obsessed with that purpley coloured lipstick - can I ask which one you're wearing? X
Who makes the round sunglasses you brought??
Tan you look amazing. Have you lost weight? Looking good!
May I ask what brand those wire sunnies are you are wearing the morning after the opening after party? Please and thank you 😺
What was your lipstick color when you went to the Louvre? It's stunning!
#tanyaburr your vlogs are so fun always! As I was watching you on the way to the show I felt that your success is just about to soar higher than you ever imagined! You are an inspiration! 😘
went to your pop up shop today and absolutely loved it! the video is up on my channel if anyone is i interested...so proud of you tann x
Your jumper with the stripes on the sleeves has a Gryffindor kind of vibe. Haha
It's an opera cake!! Love those !
OMG I WATCHED GYPSY TELL US WHAT U THINK ABOUT IT WHEN UR DONE
Does anyone what the sparkly app is?
Please, can you tell me the style and brand of those sunglases you wore in 11:20? I'm obsessed! 😍
Hi (sorry for my bad english)
you look very beautiful, there are like-minded?
Louis Vuitton have invited me to their show meanwhile I'm the only one in my year that doesn't get invited shopping or to parties 😂😂
I love your hair like that a lot, I'm tempted to cut mine short, but I would look like a mushroom
What’s the app called that made everything sparkly? Please x x
I've been watching you since you started, and I still can't get over how beautiful you are!
I powered through the Gypsy series but I'm telling you now, it's so bad. 10 episodes where nothing really happens with no closure to the storyline at all at the end. They're not even making a second series, so I'd stop while you're ahead if I were you haha!
may I know what's that *sparkly app* called…?
You are just so so beautifilul!!!!  And talented ❤ love ya
paris is so beautiful!! id like to go there someday... your 2nd LV look was absolutely gorgeus! id like to know... what is the sparkly app called?
What's her 💄 at 12.35??
What Lipstick are you wearing in this video?
Does anyone know where is her grey herringbone coat from??
am i the only person on earth who's been to paris and didn't like it ??
I so excited to come to the pop up today xx
I used to live in Paris so I LOVE seeing my old city on vlogs ☺️❤️ There's a new video on my channel guys, be sure to check it out ✌️🍂🍁❤️
makeup for the show was gorgeous x
If I had to choose one, just ONE, youtuber to watch, it would be you! Lovely mood, images...
What’s the app that made it sparkle ?
What colour do you have on your nails Tanya? It looks like the perfect light pink
this haircut looks amazing on you! You are beautiful <3
Where is her lipstick from?
Thank you Tanya for taking me back to the great places I visited two weeks ago.. 💜
I thought the lady was holding up a drain spout not a light😀
You must have had an unbelievable time ❤️ xo
This is the first time I’ve noticed how much you look like Kiera knightly! Gorgeous x
It seems like yesterday that I remember watching your Brigitte Bardot makeup tutorial when I was in the middle of high school. I love seeing how far you've come, Tanya and all of these amazing opportunities that you embrace. X
i want to go to paris so bad!
You looked fierce and that red dress is to die for !
Good makeup and nice video. Like your vlog Tanya.
Wish you vlogged more because I love your vlogs ☺️
What is the name of the perfume you love?
Love u and this in no 5 on trending
I love you blue and white carpet!  That's a lot of pomme frites
You looked so good in both dresses😻😻
Tanya: Where do your American fans buy your makeup products? Do you plan to sell in America at anytime soon? Long time fan anxiously awaiting !! :D
I'm loving the lipstick colour at 12:31.. Does anyone know the name of the colour??
Tanya’s french accent reminds me of Blair Waldorf (Gossip Girl) when she was in Paris😍
Both outfits and make up/ hair looked stunning.
What’s the app that makes everything sparkly?! I need it!
I went to Paris a couple months ago and I pretty went to every place but the Louis Vuitton store xx
I love your videos sooo much Tan
I want that LBD w/ the studs!  And wouldn't mind someone gifting me that LV black bag😉
You are so fit Tanya!!!
What is the lipstick you are wearing before the LV show?!?  Beautiful colour
I've bought 2 of Tanya's illuminating powders and I love them so much!!!
I bought one of your eye shadow palettes today. The pineapple one I followed the instructions on the back and it worked really nicely. Absolutely lovinngggg it thank you xxxx
Felt like I was in Paris with you!!! One of your best vlogs !
Ly u look amazing as usual!!!! 💖❤️💞
Would love to know the name of the lipstick that was worn with that black dress. Such a lovely colour.
I love love the length of your hair at the moment. It really suits your face!
Tan you look gorgeous!! 👀 ✨ *Any small youtubers wanna support eachother?? Will sub back to anyone who does ✨💗 Lemme know when done xx*
Stunning tan once again love your vlogs xx
3rd TRENDING!!
Aww. Tanya you're so gorgeous!!! xx from Philippines
You look gorgeous!
Best youtuber ever!!!
I loved this!
Love these vlogs!
UPDATED SKINCARE ROUTINE PLS
The Louis Vuitton instillation looks amazinggg
great vlog xxx
You looked absolutely stunning!!! <3
HI ! COOL VIDEO !
4th on trending
Love ur short cut hair😍
LOVE THIS VIDEO!!!!
Omg please recreate that second makeup look!
WILL FREAKING SMITH
💜THANK YOU💖
You looked so beautiful throughout this video & your outfits suited you to a tee👌🏼😍
You look amazing in this gorgeous black dress!
looks like your lips were taken from a black model...you are very beautifull.
Hi Tan! Loved the vlog, but I need some advice on how to control my really bad anger issues. I thought since you have anxiety then you could maybe give me a little bit of help on how to keep calm. Love you lots xx
💜💜💜💜💜💙💙💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜💜💜💙💙💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜💜💜💙💙💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜
People will probably think I'm stupid for this but how did she get to Paris on the train
Can anyone please tell me what the sparkly app is?
WHERE IS THAT TRACK FROM DURING THE MONTAGE OF THE VIEW FROM THE TRAIN WINDOW!!!!
OMG!! What is the name of that shop that has all of GLOSSIER??\nI need to go there
Good
What about how to survive being locked in a bathroom don't ask how I got the idea    \n\n\n\n\n\nOk I was looked in the bathroom for an hour it's india the door look             are hard to open 😐 🚽🚪😓😲😨😭☠😭😭😭
How often do we really need to bathe?
Woah woah woah... This is a science channel?? You CANT drink cactus water Bc in actuality cactus infused their water w a poisonous substance to protect it, anything that drinks it will get violently ill throwing up and w diarrhea. You will die of dehydration.
too much tannic acid from acorns can be lethal to humans
Day 1:  Apocalypse \nDay 2:  Turn to cannibalism\nDay 3:  Learn to make homemade jerky\nDay 4:  Make new friends
Vegans,\nThis is why we need to be tentative. Ergo; sorry, not sorry Chickens but until then, yous safe and are my non edible friends.
Do NOT eat snow. Melt it first or you risk lowering your body temperature. Remember water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade but it can be much, much colder.
What about how to survive in post-apocalyptic city?
Get a purification bottle for water
Why are we scared of heights?
*The* apocalypse? I didn't know *THE* apocalypse was coming.
Do a video on why Yellow 4 & 5 is bad for guys!!
AsapSCIENCE can we turn the universe into something like star wars? It needs to be done 😂
Do the world a favor and give terrible advice instead ;) make sure you don't boil water, eat every mushroom and berry you see, sneak up on brown bears to scare them away,  etc.  Leaves more resources for the rest of us when the dust settles...
Ice cream is hard to find in the wild?\n\nI DON'T WANT TO LIVE ON THIS PLANET ANYMORE.
Does he really draw everything ?
The hole withe rocks vegetation and meat is normal in new Zealand we call it hangi
i'm just gonna build a barrier around a grocery store.... simple enough
Survive? Who said anything about surviving?
I watched the walking dead... I'm good. I'll just die.
What if a emp went off?
Well........ FUCKS! I live in Australia.  And if u go to the middle of Aus I'll see no river but desert.
Question: What about vegans? There was a lot of mentioning about finding/cooking meat. So, what would the vegans/vegetarians do?
Actually, the key ingredient to surviving is Dank MEMES
I WROTE EVERY THING HE SAID BUT NOT THE CACTUS SHIT AN I GAING TO LIVE smh
If your shelter is an igloo you can build a fire. Just sayin'.
“Shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, sautee it. There's, um, shrimp kebabs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo, pan fried, deep fried, stir fried. There's pineapple shrimp and lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp, shrimp soup, shrimp stew, shrimp salad, shrimp and potatoes, shrimp burger, shrimp sandwich... That's, that's about it.”
Day 1 of emergency situation: yo why is that guy eating bugs? We've only been off power for like...12 hrs
Why would you want to survive
Def need a lot of weed
can you make a video on how to survive an apocalypse vegan edition
What happens if you take to much advil
You guys should do a video on inhaling nitrous oxide
Why is it always US centric?
World didn't end in 2000, 2012 nor on 23rd sep 2017... there will b no apocalypse... so chill...
That mentos ad was good.
This sounds really terrible but why would you WANT to be alive during an apocalypse? The earth would never be the same again and you can't live your life, you can't have a family, get a job or fulfil your dreams. Tbh, the lucky ones are the ones that die quickly at the start, I would rather die that way than die slowly and painfully from hunger/ radiation or any other way you could die. I'm not saying I wouldn't try to survive but I mean, it's sorta true.
So much bullshit in here
We're at the  how to survive/ how to prep for the apocalypse stage....
Or just do this.\n1) Get on phone\n2) Turn on cellular data\n3) go to www.PizzaHut.com\n4) order pizza\n5) easy
The title should really say How to survive the OUTDOORS
Find the guy of the primitive technology channel and live in glorious luxury.
I was under the impression that plenty of potentially toxic proteins retain tertiary structure even when exposed to extreme heat, aren't there things that not even boiling your water can defend you against?
The best option, in my opinion at least, is to die. That's it, just die. Don't try to survive. Who needs to survive when you can end your suffering earlier? Okay, I'm not being serious.
Back to the Barter System.
if there is a god please don't let there be a real life Preston Garvey.....
its a good thing I have a mealworm colony...
I’ll save this for when WW3 happens
When you are vegan so you already know how to survive a 《terrible apocalypse》 where there are no cow milk and flesh in the super market to buy.
I don't know if you've done this before, but if you could maybe do a video about a vegan diet that would be nice!! I am a vegan and we get such a bad rep and yes there are some terrible vegans who shame others but I just want people to be healthier and animals to be happier. it would be nice to have a video from you guys proving that it isn't 'dangerous' or 'unhealthy' or whatever!
What happened to medicine? You can't have cities without medicine. *Enter the plauge*
DONT USE BIRCH BARK FOR TINDER. These trees are going extinct and stripping them of their bark is very harmful.
If I had a friend and only is a vegan I'll eat my friend tbh cause I don't got time for you eating plants plus I might not eat my friend they gonna be skinny..
But I want to die
Clothing is not essential to survival.....
But how do you boil the water in five minutes if the video's just over five minutes long?
I don't want to set the world on fire
(JESUS; THE ALMIGHTY!!!):\n\nAnd I saw heaven opened,\nand behold a white horse; \n\nand he that sat upon him\nwas called Faithful and True,\n\nand in righteousness \nhe doth judge \nand make war.\n\nHis eyes were as a flame of fire, \n\nand on his head were many crowns;\n\nand he had a name written, \nthat no man knew, \nbut he himself.\n\nAnd he was clothed with \na vesture dipped in blood:\n\nand his name is called\n\nThe Word of God.\n\n(Revelation 19:11-13). \n_________________________________________________\n\nBehold,\n\nhe cometh with clouds; \nand every eye shall see him, \n\nand they also which pierced him:\n\nand all kindreds of the earth \nshall wail because of him.\nEven so, Amen.\n\nI am Alpha and Omega, \nthe beginning and the ending, \n\nsaith the Lord,\n\nwhich is, \nand which was, \nand which is to come,\n\nthe Almighty.\n\n(Revelation 1:7-8). \n________________________________________________\n(JESUS):\n\nI am he that liveth,\nand was dead;\n\nand, \nbehold, \n\nI am alive for evermore, \n\nAmen;\n\nand have the keys \nof hell \nand of death.\n\n(Revelation 1:18). \n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(The world is going to hate us, because we follow Jesus. We follow and obey our Righteous King in our actions and deeds and the world hates us for it, because we don't form ourselves and obey the fallen king of this present world which is Satan):\n\n(Jesus):\n\nIf the world hates you,\n\nye know that\nit hated me\nbefore it hated you.\n\n(John 15:18).\n\n***(Hated Me): The world hated Him, so it should not be surprising that the world hates His followers.\n\n***(James 4:4)<---Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.\n\n***(1 John 2:15)<---Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.\n\n***(Luke 6:26)<---Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Build your house with Jesus, on the rock, and you will never sink, that's (IF) we continue to Keep his Commandments, we will bear MUCH FRUIT!):\n\n(Jesus):\n\nAbide in me,\nand I in you.\n\nAs the branch\ncannot bear fruit of itself,\nexcept it abide in the vine;\n\nno more can ye,\nexcept ye abide in me.\n\n(John 15:4).\n\n***For the branch to produce more fruit, it must abide, which means to dwell, to stay, to settle in, to sink deeper. The way to abide in Christ is to OBEY.\n\n***(John 15:10)<---If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.\n\n***(1 John 3:24)<---And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him, and he in him. And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath given us.\n\n***The believer who lovingly OBEYS the Word of God produces much fruit.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Christ answers Philip, on himself and the Father as One. God manifested in the FLESH!):\n\nPhilip saith unto him, Lord,\n\nshew us the Father, \nand it sufficeth us.\n\nJesus saith unto him,\n\nHave I been so long time with you, \nand yet hast thou not known me, \nPhilip?\n\nhe that hath seen me \nhath seen the Father;\n\nand how sayest thou then, \nShew us the Father?\n\nBelievest thou not that\n\nI am in the Father, \nand the Father in me?\n\nthe words that I speak unto you \nI speak not of myself:\nbut (the Father)\nthat (dwelleth) (in me),\nhe doeth the works.\n\n(John 14:8-10).\n\n***(Revelation 21:3)<---And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the (tabernacle of God) is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and (God himself) shall be with them, and (be their God).\n\n***(Revelation 1:8)<---(Jesus)<----I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, (((the Almighty))).\n\n***The Lord rebuked Philip because he should have known the answer to the question he asked.\n\n***(He who has seen Me has seen the Father): The Lord patiently explained again that He was revealing God the Father to them in verse 7. It is impossible to escape the claim Jesus was making. Clearly, He was claiming to be God!
All world's living animal besides humans will be eaten by humans right away. Human will eat humans, but we've got enough so those
Hands up who would need Tinder to ignite easily when Apocalypse?
Who wants to eat a rat with a burrito
Congrats on hitting 7,000,000
Don't just eat snow! Melt it down first. Eating snow if you are already cold is a good way to get hypothermia.
Every one is talking about this😐y?
i am sick of the society i want ww3
Watch in 0.5x speed and he sounds drunk :D
I hope, I wont have to try to survive that...
Everyone knows an apocalypse won't happen but still they will watch it. 😂😂
Or... you can just hunt humans
I always forget about iron pyrite\neveryone knows what iron pyrite looks like\nthanks minute earth\nwe're saved
Video on derealisation/depersonalisation
Its simple \nWatch Primitive Technology
Hollywood take notes please
When the apocalypse happens, im gonna find you first 😂😂
Save up bottle caps and hide in a fridge and your good to go!
Dog food and baby formula.
COTTON -fail
Lmao vegans gonna just die
THIS IS TRENDING 😀
previously on biiiiiiig brother
Step 1: DON'T
Who tryna survive something where everyone dies?
Dont wear cotton!
Minecraft Players: *Punches A Tree*
Almost 7 mill subs
Wow just wow
Is the thumbnail Morty?
ASAP Science?
Morty in thumbnail
Foreshadowing? 🤷🏼‍♀️
pocketsssss
👏👏👏❤
Anyone selling dildos ?
Omg im actually the 7000000th subscriber
You don't
Easy. How do we survive Trump, though?\n\n\n\n\nYou know what time it is. It's time to get TRIGGERED! 😂
step one: get fresh water, i got that covered, i live in michigan fresh water EVERYWHERE except flint
Dear asap science, \n     I love ur vidioes so much.plss don't stop making vidioes like this my mother said that  I can take so much good thing from ur vidioes. \nShe said to say thank you to u guys  about making such a awsome vidioes. Because of u I can get high maks on science now I am remameet the piriode ic table becuers of you.thank you .pls make some vidioes about Newton theory s.i am waiting for it\nFrom \nAmadhi yapaa\n(Sorry about english I am poor at english.becuers i am 14 yet.i am  good at english in sri lanka .but not  to other country s)
ayuda los de habla hispana
one of my best friends is norwegian master in archery and his dad is top 10 in the world ill just join them cus hes one of my best friends and we can hunt. water i can get from the well which is where my grandparents live and also sinse i live in norway fishing is quite reliable, biggest problems will be medicine, the tea made from needles on trees is a good advice tho
Love it 😍
Awesome 😍😍
Omg this is hot!!!
Amazing!!! Omg 😍🔥
you look soooo much like mila kunis omg
stunning!
i realky like it
so cool chloe!
Everyone does skeleton.  Boring....
Amazing!!
Amazing xx
Cant take ure angry scull seriously, with that happy backgroundmusic. :D
loveee it
Amazing
Glowyyyy Chloe!
Wow you made this seem so easy!! 👏🏻 glowey Chloe!!
HUGE thumbs up. Brilliant!!!!
I like those smokey eyes :D
What an amazing art 😍
SPOOKY
Big Like From SPIDERMAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AM-A-ZING
Awesome loved this 🙈
you killed this look!!!
Trying this out for sure!!!!! So simple
Would the make no mistake foundation be a good base for a MAC chromocake? I'm using one for a costume, but the green color tends to stick to my skin so I need something to put under it.
I kinda loved how the dark eyeshadow made your eyes look
Love how that came out ! And it doesn't seem overly complicated. I'm really enjoying October with all the Halloween tutorials that beauty Youtubers create, a lot of them are really creative looks.
It's a bit awkward when you realize that a skeleton looks better than you do! 😂 I loved this tutorial. I've seen a lot of skulls already this year, and this is definitely one of my favourites. Nothing too over the top and I love the gloss to give it a bit of femininity. Thanks for being awesome! xOx
Beautiful chloe, and realistic for most of us to be able to achieve ♡♡ well done xxx
Do a wonder women Halloween makeup
i tried to recreate this but it looked nothing like yours :(
The best halloween tutorial for 2017 I have seen💀👑😍
Loved this look Chloe! Would love to see another one if you have time. The use of the glitter to make it look like a shiny glitter skull was perfect 👌🤗Thanks!
I forgot you were doing a halloween tutorial!! started to think jesus what is she doing hahaha
This was so easy to do and I love it! I've been really getting into Halloween looks this year and I'm definitely excited about trying this one! \n\nPlease check out my first Halloween look EVER and provide me with some feedback please! <3\nhttps://youtu.be/uPRM0a5SF1E
wow i love how simplistic you made this like something that could be in anyones makeup collection! love it
why does this video give me 2012 vibes 😂😂
'Today I'm doing something simple '\n😳 .. \nWaiting for the simple video 😏
Oh, Sam Chapman has made the same make up on Instagram
Of all the skull tutorials I've been watching, honestly this is the one I'm most likely to do haha
a lot of australians say we don't really celebrate halloween but when i was a kid (90s/00s) everyone i knew dressed up and went trick or treating. i think it varies even just suburb to suburb.
5:44 I'm just gonna do a natural highlight lol
Any other youtubers wanna support each other? Comment if you do!💕
Glowey Chloe
OMG I love this!!
YESSS!!!! Been waiting for these tutorials!!! xo
WOW! Great work Chloe. 👏🏻💖💀💖
yay another tutorial by chloe
Love it
Love the music!
Hahaha glam skull
super cool
👍
Amazing 😻😻
Amazing tutorial! @rosanouvilas instagram
Love a easy realistic Halloween look
this is one angry skull!! :D :D
Excellence to the highest power! 😗
This is great! Awesome video
You look so pretty here. Too pretty for being a skull.. lol
Love the background music!!! So cute.
I love the background music!!!
Love it!!! You should do a video removing Halloween makeup with the face halo
You looked just like mila kunis when you had the dark eye make up on xx
is it just me or did this video seem rushed? :/
Holy shit that's a lot of glow
Your nails!😍 love ittt
so good! you look so cranky lol would not want to run into you like this, love it!
This is so dope!!!! I love how angry it looks haha
This is called: contour to the bones!!! hahaha super cool chloe!
this is so pretty ....u r so pretty
This is amazing! Xx
Would love to see this look with lashes on! I might try to recreate it!
omg this inspired me to try halloween makeup for the first time ever...wish me luck!
a Halloween look I don't have to buy a whole bunch of special makeup for yesssssssssss
chloe ! the background music got me laughing really . especially that wooo oooooo
Love it!  Would love to see an Annabel look lovely.  💜💜💜
At like 3 minutes it could feasibly just be a nice smokey eye 😂
For a second while you started i completely forgot this was a skull look and i was like ew Chloe whatchu doin
I love your lights, it makes your skin look real, and not overly photoshopped. Nice tutorial, Chloe :)
the glossy face really worked well with this look! i also like how you made the skull slightly messy because most skull tutorials i've seen keep everything super clean but your version is nice and edgy! it would be cool to see you do another halloween look using no special effects makeup. -Meghal
Love it! Please do a gangster clown makeup look?
You did an amazing job with look Chloe!!! Hope you make some more.
This is so awesome! Love how you did a skull that was different from the other ones out there.
So amazing!! Love it 🖤💀☠️
i love it!!.. we use this kind of skull´s for the death´s day in Mexico, we celebrate this party in 2nd of november, come to visit us!! :)
This skull is so bomb! Literally one of the most humble and down to earth youtubers 🙌🏽 Also love how your represent us Aussie’s in the YouTube industry xx
sooo beautiful! how is a skull so beautiful!
You deserve the 👍 for all the hard work and then have to wiped that out
lol the intro was so accurate halloween really isn't celebrated here at all in aus. Loved your tutorial though gurrl you are flawless
Looks SPOOKTACULAR 👻👻👻👻
You were doing this so casually like it’s nothing but it’s seriously soooo AWESOME!! It turned out GREAT! 😍😍
amazing work! so funny how you the makeup is making you look more and more angry throughout the tutorial haha
I would like to see a spooky mermaid look:)
It's wow but how can you clean this?!
How is it possible you still look so STUNNING even with glam scary makeup?! 😩 by the way I love the look, I might try it this year! Love you! ❤️
Wow amazing tutorial😍
what u on about? a ton of children go around for Halloween tho.
You are the most beautiful skeleton I’ve seen! 🙂👍🏻
MAN I FLIPPED WHEN I HEARD DNA
What’s BTS army and dna
THE ARMYS IN THE COMMENT SECTION IS PANICKINGGGG AAHHHHHH
The best Halloween video ever.
No one wears scary costumes on Halloween anymore.
Your video was very well made & inspiring to watch! My favorite way to make money online, legitimately is by earning residual income with Bitcoin... by Auto Trading Loans, I make up to 40% R.O.I. monthly.. Check out this tutorial to learn how:\nhttps://goo.gl/242BgP
Bts bitch this is My kind of music
The alien one omg she's so cute
Does she know our language : kpop
I also love the My Life as Eva Fan
the beard on one on the mean girls 😂😂
Where did u get the NASCAR jacket I can't find any
HOLD THE FUCK UP DID I JUST HERE RIGHT IS THAT BTS OMFG! DO U LIKE BTS! SIDGOSHSKSBDLSJDODHSKSBSKJSJSHSJSJSJSJSJKSHSKSJSKBDKSJSJDHDKJDKDJRKDKEKEJDKDHDLDJDKDJKDHDJDKDNDKDNDLDNLDNDKDKDLNDKDJDKJDK CRYING AND SCREAMING IN EVERY LANGUAGE
8:09 Is my reason for anything if i ever hear a noise of something happens and nobody else did it XD
I think you should be the cute alien
Eva +it +bts three of my favorite things but seriously can we talk about how amazing it was ??
I’ve been loving you sm recently omg
Dudddddeeee I'm not tryna be one of those fangirls but like DNA! Ok but in all seriousness this video was really cute ok byee
I like how all her outfits aren't just slutty versions of traditional costumes
BANGTAN SEYODAN BTS DNA YOU DID IT I LOVE YOU OH MY GOSH NOW IM JUST EVERY COMMENTER HER BUT LIKE AHHHH
Me: I don't know why I'm watching this, I'm already gonna be georgie from IT\n\n..\n\n\n\n\n*Sees ava dressed up as georgie*\nEdit: the your mom one was really good😂
I'm going to DYI my costume. I already have the stuff for it. I got the stiff today
Can there please be at least one hair colour eva looks bad in?
She looks really good with the blue eyes contacts
WHERE DID YOU GET YOUR CONTACTS ?!
I gonna be a zombie so im going to buy a cheap sweater, shirt, and leggings grab some scissors and make it look like they're torn up
I really love eva's acting lol
Last year my mom was pregnant and sh had her baby on Halloween so I missed Halloween but this year she is pregnant also....so I hope I don't miss Halloween again.🎃👻💀
SHE USED BTS DNA SONG IN HER INTRO.OML IM SHOOK
99.9% of this video consists of Eva moving her hips from side to side. No shame though girl, do you thang☝🏼
Another amazing video <3 Loved the creativity girl!!
Can’t wear 80% of these to school cause of dress code, thanksss
Is she over 18, because I really wanna fuck her!
Any one els notice the 2nd last costume she was wearing paper
PLEASE FINISH THE GHOST VIDEO!! I’m on edge I’m dying.
SJSJSJ WHEN SHE USED DNA WE NEED MORE WOKE BEAUTY GURUS LIKE EVA SLAY QUEEN
Ur into made my day.
Eva I had the same idea of Georgie costume no joke I thought of it before your video
Hey can someone tell me where i can get the lenses that she used?
OH MY GOD when I heard BTS in the intro 😭💕💕❤️ thanks for the Halloween options I'm kinda struggling with what I wanna be
When i heard dna... my heart dropped idk y but-
SHE LOOKS SO PRETTY WITH BLUE EYES OML
the victorias secret was sluttyish
Everybody's fangirling because of BTS, but I'm over here fangirling because of 1:17\n\n1:17\n*Mr. Brightside by The Killers comes on \n\nMe:*intensely screams lyrics*\nJEALOUSY TURNING SAINTS INTO THE SEA!!!!
DIY costumes are the best. Last year, I was a black cat. I had a full body suit, faux cat-ears headband, an actual pink cat collar, whiskers that went in your nose (gross, but they were cute), and paw gloves.
SHE PLAYED BTS DNA AND I HIT THE THUMBS UP BUTTON SO FAST WOOOOSH
Where do you get your wigs from?
Eva that shade of blue is stunning on you !! ❤️ idk if thats weird but its just my opinion idk ily tho
Hey i love you so much
SHE PUT DNA IN THE INTRO
I think gorge to did you see the movie.  my favorite candy is Hershey
When are more episodes of your YouTube red series coming?? I'm dying to see them😫😫
Y'all kpop people need to chill😂. We get it you like kpop, But like 100 people have already said it. cHiLl.
SCREAMED WHEN I HEARD THE FIRST NOTE OF DNA YAAS EVA
where'd you get the contacts
I DARE Eva to pin this comment ❤
When I heard jungkook's whistle I was sh00k
Not going to write about BTS. Not going to wri- OH WHAT THE HECK OMG EVAA YOU PUT DNA IN YOUR VIDO IM SO DONE
Joanna the scammer and the 80s person
AHHHH THE CONTACTS ARE TO DIE FORRRRR<3
Mean girls: Shes just embarrassing \nHer: :(\nMe: Shes right in front of you
Oh my gawwwwdddddd I’m gonna cry 😩 DNAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 방탄소년단4 ever
AHHHHHHHH MR BRIGHTSIDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BTSSSS!!!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍
OMG DNA DNA DNA DNA BTS BTS BTS BTS YAAASSSSS 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
FREAKING DNA STARTED PALYING OMFGEYSFSJISH I HAVE FALLEN
WTF BTS DNA YOU ARE KIDDING OMG EVASABSISNSBZKASNX SJAMBXSKMWBSKSMSBXS
Bts DNA!! But ava your awesome!!
DNA BTS ARMY STAND UP
BTS DNA!!!
Slaying the bullies with diy costumes
Omg she played DNA by bangtan omg god I love bts
I heard bts
omg i wanna do georgie!!!
DNA!!!!!!!!!!! OMMC !!!!!!!!!! IJUSTFREAKINDIED!!!!!!!!!!
Yasssss everysingle one 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍is prefect
Video starts at 3:11
SLAYING THE BULLIES IN OUR DIY COSTUMES
BE GEORGIE FROM IT!
ya I agree
Yo I freaked when DNA started playing 😂
my favorite Halloween candy,is Reeses
OK LATELY HER INTRO MUSIC IS FUCLING EVERUTHING HER LAST SWIMSUIT VIDEO INTRO MUSIC YAS.. MR. BRIDESIDE MUSIC??? YASSSS
I lowkii stopped breathing when I heard DNA
Sp00py
THOT DETECTED
my fav halloween candy is the candy corn pumpkins! delish!
YAAAAS FINALLY ITS BTS FCK YAAAAAS
Nice Video
THE KILLERS
song @ 3:14 ?!
WHOA WHOA WHOAAAAA DID I JUST HERE BTS DNA YESSSSS TURN UP
when i heard BTS DNA i went crazyyyyyyyyyyy
BTS!
robberrr and reeses
DNA BTS AAAAAH
She slays Blue eyes 😍😍
Peanut butter cup and the mylifeaseva fan
1:30 SOBS
I hate wen ppl say spoopy 😩
I love your voice
John Green sent me here (so excited for turtles all the way down!)
One of the best content creators on youtube. Thanks you so much.
Small error at 6:54 --  Transplanting poop from a skinny person to a heavier person made the heavier person *more* sensitive to insulin.  Insulin resistance is a dangerous effect of obesity, which is reversed through weight-loss.
Inb4 new weight lost fad put skinny people poop inside us
in my most arrogant opinions, i think Kurzgesagt should make more videos about fights against diseases or stars, space in general. I believe those videos are the most intetesting
Can you explain about heat energy?
Don't watch this during lunch...
This video is amazing. Oh, and so is the body.
So would this mean that eating native flora/fauna would limit or prevent allergies? \n\nIf the process involves: food -> gut -> immune system learning. \nThen logically the immune system would be unable to learn about local flora and fauna if you eat processed food, or non-native food. So the best way to stop being allergic to your environment would be to just start eating it?
since when is autism a serious disease?
Everytime i try to watch this i fall asleep.
did any1 hear the very faint bruh... when he talked about giving microbes a home? 0:25
Now that's a melodramatic title...
This is one of the most interesting videos you've ever made! Amazing, congrats! :D
What a time we live in when we now know healthy poop can cure illnesses.
Leave it to Kurzgesagt to make poop cute.  This new understanding and scientific field is inspiring.
why is your channel name in German?
Apparently a life saving medical procedure was made up by eight year old boys.
Now I'm asking, where should I go in order to get a fecal transplant from a fit, skinny person?
Tooth brushing conspiracy!!!  Don't brush your teeth, it's a lie!!!!
Well...\nI've spent countless hours trying to explain skeptics and right-wingers social things did exists.\nI've spend as much hours explaining postmodernists genetics did exists too... \n\nBut ... but ... but lies! It was all microbes! We're microbes puppet, our gods were inside us since the beginning of times! * existencial crisis *
May I ask if it is possible to get Serbian translation of this video? I've noticed that some of the earlier videos had Serbian subtitles, but few recent ones don't.
2:12 He's fucking adorable, that's what he is.
A whole new meaning to having a gut feeling.
Bill we love you!
So what your saying is that if I shove healthy peoples shit up my ass then I will become healthy... wtf
So dogs eat poop because their microbiome wants some new friends?
I used to think Schizophrenia was pronounced 'Shit-so-free-nee-ya'
The *M I T R O C H O N D R I A* is the powerhouse of the *C E L L*
Can I request a video on explaining Magnetars?
Instructions unclear, hand stuck in... er... lets not get into details, actually
Still laughing from that healthy shit joke I saw somewhere down there in the comment section.
Wow you got money from bill gates nice job
2:13 to 2:23 \nWho else had a seizure?
I  like to donor my poop ....., I'll be glad.
It's like a more dynamic DNA
Absolutely memorizing video, as always, and I think this is one of the most easily transferable into everyday life . Fantastic work!
are they like bacterias that like weed?
who does the dart because I love this channels videos
make a video on graviton
I can't concentrate on topic when I hear a walking bass. That's how much good your music is.
Can the body crave a sandwich?
That was really fucking fascinating!
Can you do a video on thermoelectric generation?
so if you eat healthy you will have a healthy mind?
Where do I go to donate poop? I eat almost nothing but junk food and I'm in peak health.XD
Should Kurz focus on more interesting matter? I don't need review my 3rd grade science class, Im still waiting on the UBI episode.
I have a gut feeling that this video is correct
Can I have some poop from a smart person please?
I've learned so much from your videos and I love the little animations, these videos could really help in education. My teacher actually was the one to tell me about your channel.
You can make a religion out of this
Wait, does that mean I have an overwhelming of meme-bacteria in my gut?
these videos should be ran on TV
John Green should never watch this video
Wait so....to get totally shredded I need to have a totally shredded person's poop transplanted in me?
I'm confused. Is this fact, or is this just a thesis? \nThat is; that gut-bacteria communicate with our brain so well that eating healthy food will make us crave healthy food in time.
Could you guys do a video similar to this on Ulcerative Colitis and Crohns Disease?
You got for lifelines call I need phone a friend 50-50 or or ask the cloud
Plzzzzz tell me when ur app on immune system is releasing
At 6:48, I think they meant the transplant from a healthy person would make the obese person MORE insulin sensitive (and less insulin resistant), not LESS insulin sensitive (and therefore more insulin resistant).
not gonna lie, I love your videos and I like and share every one of them. but this one was a little underwhelming, maybe elaborate on how the bacteria could win, then how we could win, etc. dont stop making videos, i love them, but this one needs more time
Fascinating. Thanks for the knowledge :)
Welp time to name my microbes\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWish me luck
Explains a lot and amazing work with this channel, but this doesn't explain exactly why we get bored of eating the same thing over and over again. According to this logic we should crave something all the more right? Of course I understand there maybe a lot more factors to consider...
Yes, now I have a reason to be full of shit.
Checkmate christians. Your body is NOT a temple to your god. YOUR BODY WORSHIPS AND PROPAGATES BACTERIA BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES. (and triggered people will get triggered boo hoo lol)
ONE OF THE BEST CHANNELS IN THE YOUTUBE \n\nBrazilians are thank you
Microbes like being in my phone, to watch kurtzgesagt!
so... scat porn actress are sharing health characteristics to each other?
Ok then gravitational waves (which are evidence of time disrupting events) are evidence of lag in the simulation.
Autism is not a disease!
Make more videos of biology
0:59 Is this why I have asthma???
Awesome as always!
2:15\nThree-hundred eighty\nMe: wow\nThousand \nMe: Wow\nBillion\nMe: WOW
pooop transplant=????
Why no more ducks?
6:17 damn i'm eating
5:55 Autism isnt considered a disease.
Plate tectonics?
Don’t show this to a germaphobe
Hi there I am a Huge fan thanks for making awesome videos my family watches all your videos and we always learn something new THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!!
Scientific sources?
This video blew my mind omg
Are you shitting me?
Congrats on making it on trending
💩🖕🏻💩🖕🏻
give me your poop!
My body is their bacterial universe!
이쁜 사람을 잡아먹자!\n식인종이 되자!
Disable AD blocker and watched :)
The Keto diet allows the best bacteria.
*Like*
Pixar microbiome
HOW DO THESE VIDS GET DISLIKES?!?!
This was put up on on October 5, but is outdated. Years ago they found that the womb is not sterile, and babies are exposed to bacteria and viruses from conception on, long before the baby is born. They figured this out with rapid gene array technology that looked at DNA, rather than trying to culture bacteria and viruses. What they found was that there were a lot more species of bacteria and viruses than were previously known, and that they are everywhere, including in areas of our bodies that used to be thought of as sterile, such as internal organs including the brain. So this video is already years out of date.
hmmm that yellow bacteria at 6:49 looks very familiar.
You know the bacteria in your body have politic too, dictate what kind of food your eating next day
Someone needs to make an RTS game where you command our immune system and try to keep everything in check
Ugh I know this is irrelevant, but Kourtney is almost 40 and she still sounds like a 14 year old.
Kourtney is so much happier and glowing.
I just think Scott wanted the best of both worlds. He wanted to cheat, be heavily intoxicated, AND be the family guy he brought it on himself. Kourtney seems genuinely happy now.
the video caption has kris looking like MJ
wow she talks so stupid, like a 12 year old and she is like 38 with 3 kids
She wants him to get it together bc she's not done popping kids out.
She looks like she got her face done
It is funny at least one of her kids should be real
She looks so ugly here
So glad she left Scott that relationship was horrible.
Scott has disrespected Kourtney way to much he should not have any thing to do with her success, he is disrespectful, disgusting, baggage.
Why do these women gaze, pause and talk?
I know that's rite kourtney
so she basically called Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie, and Chantel Jeffries all hookers lmao
why Kris look better than Kourtney
This seems so scripted and not a real convo
just dropped by to say this is the worse trash on television...along with housewives and most of those reality shows..
This women as got such strong gains she could birth a nation and they would all be beautiful
It's weird seeing her talk to her mom it's like all Kris talks to is Kendal kylie n kim
Kris jenner needs to stop with the plastic and botox lookin like latoya jackson
I don't feel sorry . First of all who cares love your life . I'm over it
l'm over her.... She strings Scott along, it's ok for her to date though
Kourtney Kardashian starts taking...aaaaaand it's the end of the world. All she tried to say was hello. she's the slowest person in talking like you literally have to speed it up to make her sound normal! I bet it's the only reason Scott can't stand her. I cringe every time she tries to speak. Like I'm shouting inside talk like a fuckin normal person
COME ON CAMERA MAN GET IT TOGETHER!!!!!!
That valley girl accent i cant
I am glad that Kourtney have move on with Scott. Way you go Kourtney!
Eyebrow lift and botox, she looks so different
What is the name of the music at the end?
Oh no Kortney!!! She should of left her eyebrows alone. It gives her a different unusual look. 😒
Has she had something done to her face? She look's different
She got eyebrow lift she used to have creases on her eyes.
Scott's been living off the Kardashian fame for 10 years, I agree 100% with Kourtney here. He just wants to continue living the lifestyle so he plays up for the camera's and the family
Kourt probably gave in too the plastic surgery  because she started dating a guy younger than her  ....... idk she looks different
Why Kortney has such a bad skin if she can afford anything in the world.  Looks horrible
Scott always playing the victim like sis, wyddddd
Hella VALLEY WHITE GIRL talk. Like who needs to sound like this?
Kourtney gets upset when he’s with someone else too so...
I like the less makeup look on Kourt- maybe just use a different contour shade, that's the only thing I'd change
Is just me or does the song in the background sound a lot like Are You That Somebody by Aaliyah but slowed down?🤔
God whatever she's had done to her face most recently is NOT flattering.
He had 10 years to put his heart in this relationship, he blew it
Just can’t stop staring at her frozen forehead.
Kris needs to stop being her kids friends and start being their mother. Like a proper real mother. How can Kourtney say it’s ‘funny to drink so much she fell asleep in her own vomit’. That’s just not ok on any level, it’s also dangerous and not funny at all. I hope her kids NEVER see that video clip.
I was in the exact same kind of relationship, just left a week ago. All games. 10 years together
Kourtney looks older than Kris in this video....She should change her make up artist..
He is a loose cannon but when I think about him having no other family, no siblings no parents I feel sad that they don't get it back together
Kortneys cheek fillers are shifting you can see the cracks which that makeup application
With that voice alone, i'm surprised Scott hasn't lost it earlier in their relationship. Good god! Also Kourtney is often very cold to anyone around her and i remember after Scott's parents died, the way she behaved on the show. The man lost it probably because she is just not a sympathetic woman and emotionally she abandoned him when he needed her the most and Scott unconsciously cant forgive that so he is acting out like a little kid.
Face pulled up...not saggy anymore around her chin cheek area...has to keep up with the young bf😁
Kourt's complexion looks really bad. Strange because she has access to the best dermatologist in the world.
She isn't free from blame....it's just the degree falls heavily on Scott
Kourtney you are the most beautiful of your sisters, you dress better and you are mom of the year. Forget that classless waste who asks strangers for _______s when he's drunk. He can't handle a real woman that's why he is with ugly youngsters. I think Ed wrote The Shape of You thinking of you! Forget him as your love and find someone who won't humiliate you and deserves your love.
This is why I like Kourtney lol
She's finally over him, thank you God!!
I agree with Kourtney, let her have some mama time. Back off Scott she doesn't want YOU.
She looks a bit sleep deprived here
She’s right though why would she feel bad for scott? she’s living her life he needs to live his too.
What's going on with Kris Jenner' s face fillers or is it the face lift it looks odd 🤔
I WANT KRIS JENNER TO TEACH ME BUSINESS ASAP
1. You should have thought of that before you had 3 children with him.\n2. She just admitted that she doesn't want him to leave her alone. (as evident by the 3 kids)\n3. Well now you have Hookers of your own. Just a nice little instagram hook-a. (in my Lafayette voice)
Kourtney, your new boyfriend is so hot. Scott, who?\nKourtney looks so gorgeous.
How dare her call other girls hookers that way. She gets upset that he dates younger girls, SHE is dating a younger man. She's lead him on for years and even said on the show that having another baby with him was not totally out of the question. He's no Angel, but neither is she.
kourtney should stfu shes butthurt and stop wearing makeup coz she is so bad at it.
Like I'm so like over it like ppl like take like themselves like so srsly that's like rely not fair like
Whao
I LOVE SCOTT 😫😭😒
Kourtney got something done that fucked up hwr face
!!!!
Kourtney needs to ditch the Don Draper Dickhead
Drag comparison example close faith advocate taste moment forty
The way they say Hi Hiiiiiii ugh lol
When they say hi 😏. Annoying !!
Such great actors lmao
you GO GIRLLLLLLL!!
Has Kourt had botox...?
Kourtneys real face/age at 0:57
Poor baby
Kourtney looking older than kris 😕
Girl.... fix your eyebrows
Bella Thorne is shaking....
Lazstyftrrthicl
Q fea mujer
kourtney looks krae krae
Very icy scripted 📜
Something odd about kourtneys face...
kourtney look at you face lit scars
Kris slaying that adidas
I liked kourtney’s old brows
Ew I just realized how ugly kourtney tbhhh
kourt has old lady neck :(
Go kourtney
1:03 mood Kris Jenner everyday
Omg monotonic voice is beyond annoying
Kris said she THINKS he was jealous not he was jealous so why is kourtney  getting angry
Kourtney you are a bit of an airhead! Yes we see Scot grovelling and begging you for intimacy, yet you think it is best to display yourself as this untouchable goddess who refuses to be touched by this man, your husband. You probably think it's the best story line, yet you simply appear cold hearted. If you love him and give him all he needs, why doesn't Seacrest have it on show?? All we see is you expecting his babies, having had them, you embrace the kids and kick him to the kerb. He is naughty, but I don't blame Scot for engaging other girls. You give him the ammunition and the guts to show the world that many other women are open to loving him. Now all we see is you publicly taking youths like Beiber etcetera? Have a bit of pride as a woman, a mother! The air in your head says leave the kids go get drunk and puke, and you think your mother is wrong? Guess what, your children will suffer emotionally for the rest of their lives when they are grown enough to understand your behaviour. Revenge dating cost Princess Diana. In your case it's not pretty to compete with a man so publicly. I see a cold hearted woman who only takes her husband when she wants a new baby. You are the reason why Scot is a rascal. How old are we?
That’s the most emotion I have ever seen from her.
The issue is that Kourtney took Scott when he was way too young to be the kind of mature man she was hoping for, being an older woman. Their entire life have been that mismatch. And tho kids are a joy those decisions have always been sideways to what she wanted forcing him in a position to man up for her when he was not at that stage to do such  (tho he manned up for his kids). Kourtney is as much to blame for the situation she is in as is Scott. And I am on neither team and like them both as individuals. It is clear that Scott love Kourtney but unfortunately they are just on different pages of life. I do hope they find love in other people cause they would not work well unless they are very late in life. Scott needs to find himself and make mistakes without being tied to the person he made the mistakes with. I believe young ppl in their 20s should not be tied down and that is what Kourtney wanted with Scott. The age difference here came with maturity difference as well, and they both paid the price of that decision.
Kris knows exactly how social media works and to see how her kids don't listen to her advice is sad. The internet is a harsh place. Especially for a crying Kardashian
I hope Scott leaves Kourtney for good, she is very controlling
Courtney such a b****she doesn't even deserve Scott
I was like, Wow, they're practically the same person! But then I realized that she's literally the same person just older. 😑
i don't know what is the difference about before and after!
I love how “hannahmamrie” is one word
Hey girl. Just wanted to let you know that Jesus LOVES you. We never know if today will be our last day, so we need to make sure we're going to heaven. Love from Mexico!
Who else is in 10th grade and homecoming is soon
I typed a lot of things about you that were probably true, with no ill intent. All put together they were WAY too mean. So I deleted them and offer this instead.\n\nGrace, Please don't drink so much.
I hate you grace, I'm a hater, deal with it, I have my reasons and I'm not going to tell you, you need to fix your own shit
Hey sweetheart... I genuinely love you...  Because I totally relate..... Gosh... Are you seriously as clumsy as you showcase in your videos... Coz I am guilty AF😂😂
damn she had a glow up between 9th and 10th grade
YOU SHOULDVE TAGGED JENNA MARBLES OMG😂😂😂😂😂
... Boobies jiggled when you sat down so suddenly 👀
she looks like mars argo!!!!
Bvc
(Jesus, The Great I AM!):\n\nJesus said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nBefore Abraham was, I AM.\n\nThen took they up stones to cast at him:\nbut Jesus hid himself, \nand went out of the temple,\n\ngoing through the midst of them, \nand so passed by.\n\n(John 8:58-59).\n\n***(I AM): Jesus was not just claiming to have lived before Abraham; He was claiming eternal existence. He was claiming to be, God Himself.\n\n***(Exodus 3:14)<---And (God) said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, (I AM) hath sent me unto you.\n\n***This time the Jewish leaders understood that Jesus was claiming to be God, so they took up stones to stone him for blasphemy. \n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(I AM):\n\n(Gk. ego emimi);\n\n*(John 6:35)<---And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst).\n*(John 10:7)<---Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep).\n*(John 10:14)<---I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine).\n*(John 15:1)<---I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman).\n*(John 18:5)<---They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them).\n\n***Strong's #1473; 1510:\nThis expression denotes self-identity in self-sufficiency. In one breath, Jesus asserted His eternal preexistence and His absolute deity. Abraham, as with all mortals, came into existence at one point in time. The Son of God, unlike all mortals, never has a beginning. He is eternal; and He is God.\n\nThis is evident in Jesus use of the words I AM for Himself. This statement recalls the Septuagint (The Greek OT) translation of Exodus 3:6 & 14, in which God unveiled His identity as the I AM WHO I AM. Thus Jesus was claiming to be the ever-existing, self-existent God.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus claims equality with God in Power):\n\nThen answered Jesus \nand said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nThe Son can do nothing of himself, \n\nbut what he seeth the Father do:\nfor what things soever he doeth, \n\nthese also doeth the Son likewise.\n\n(The Son can do nothing of himself): Means that action by the Son apart from the Father is impossible because of the unity of the Father and the Son. (Whatever he does, the Son also does): Is a claim of deity and unity with the Father).\n\nFor the Father loveth the Son, \nand sheweth him all things \nthat himself doeth:\n\nand he will shew him \ngreater works than these, \nthat ye may marvel.\n\n(The son does what the Father does because the Father loves the son. Moreover, because the Father loves the Son, he reveals all to him. The Father would show the Son greater works than the healing of the sick man. Jesus would raised the dead and eventually judge humanity).\n\nFor as the Father raiseth up the dead, \nand quickeneth them; \neven so the Son quickeneth \nwhom he will.\n\n(The Son gives life): As God raises people from the dead and gives them life, so Christ gives people spiritual life. Jesus claimed the same power as God, thus claiming that he is equal with God).\n(John 5:19-21).
it has been at least 30 years since your homecoming from college
@gracehelbig \nCan we get some fucken merch going here soon?? I NEED it. Maybe some holy trinity merch?? Come on smellbig, you got it in you. Bring...it....back!
okay but it's Jo-Ann Fabrics, no S on the Jo-Ann.
OMG JOANNS I WORK THERE.\n\n(Sorry I get excited when people mention my employer. Lol)
OK, I think its cute. You are too young for me to date, so can I adopt you?
My school’s homecoming is super casual
Grace - I thought your high school photos were cute.  I have more respect for you knowing you made your own dress.
I have my junior year homecoming tonight!
I feel so honoured. Grace Helbig gave me the rude finger.
THIS IS CONTENT I DON'T WANT TO MISS!!!! thank you grace 😘❤️
Loved it! TBH I could watch Grace do pretty much anything and it'd be the best :)
So, finally I got to learn what Homecoming actually is. As a European who is sort of familiar with various American conventions I heard the term. And I knew the Monkees song :D But that was about it. So educational value: check!
Just looking at that black fabric made me sneeze.
I love when you make Jersey videos!  They make me understood and less alone in my small south Jersey home!
That background is killing me lmao why dont u film at ur office now that mr kate fixed the shit out of it?
I would love to see you collab with Tom Lenk - together your fashion recreations would be unstoppable!! 🙏💃💅
You look so different now! I love that you can sew things.
Ninth grade Grace is an awkward angel. She could only grow up to be you.
Who did she talk to ???
My school doesn't have homecoming and won't lie in a little mad
That's a great idea!! Throwback Thursday Halloween costume ! 
i love your hair in this grace!!
call it the shitty dress up tag
If celebrity project runway is a thing, I nominate Grace. I'm constantly impressed.
What high school did you go to? (Don’t be concerned I’m not as stalker I just wanna know lol)
This was great. Also, Colleen, please participate.
I was very drunk I'm Nashville when I watched this. You're welcome, just trying to keep you on brand!🍾🍷🍸🍹🍺
Call it the Throw Back Closet Tag - then they have more to work with for past looks.
How come it's been 6 months since you've gotten 1 million views on a video that wasn't about Jake Paul? You have 3 mil subs tho?...
I'm in school right now for fashion design and this both made me mildly cringe and laugh so hard at the same time :D
I actually really like when Grace makes stuff...
I love that she calls 9th grade Grace a stick bug 😂😂😂 bc like 9th grade me was also a bug. Not sure what kind though. Probably a pillbug.
Man do I miss some things of HS \n\nand then remember there are things about HS I can't stand lol
MY HOCO WAS LAST NIGHT!!!!!
What a glorious tragedy....
Okay but can Jenna Marbles pls do this
this also screams for jennas rachet salon
I caught that lol indeed you are getting there lol
Is it even a Grace Helbig DIY video if there isn't a hot glue gun (and a continuous stream of 'ow's) involved?! :D
I can't believe how adorable baby grace was
You're a pretty :s
What haircut is her hair?
“How many fingers is it holding up” 😂
hOMECOMING IS TONIGHT IM WATCHING GRACE WHILE I STRAIGHTEN MY HAIR
I didn't know she was from south jersey. Shout out my homie
I never had homecoming or prom so I never went through that torture. Also there weren't any cute guys at my school, like none, so that helped. Plus my school was small so not a lot of people.
SIGN UP --> ENTER CODES --> GET PAYED!!\nI made $150 just last night XD\nTrying to get referrals! Help me help you! Thank You!\nhttp://pepiredrsa.win/3522403659458/
Love the cute pics of 'Young Grace'!
That dress in 9th grade looks great!  You need to get a real sewing machine and do a video making a real dress from scratch!  That would be amazing, clearly you have mad sewing skills!!!
Lol is Brooks talking about Iowa? And I actually really like your original sophomore year look
I love your hair Grace 😍
I'm kidding i'm kidding, i'm kidding ...my social life in 3 sentences
Grace you are beautiful. But I'm sure you knew that. If you did not know now you know, you're life isn't different now.
This WHOLE VIDEO screams JEEEEERSEY IN THE HOOOOUSE!!!
Should have tagged jenna marbles and arend richard too @jennamarbles @arendrichard
grace looks dangerously skinny
Her fingers look so long ayyy haha
“Recreating My Cringey Self”\n“Recreating My Younger Self”
I love u
Throw back Thursday tag
Throw Back Tag TBT
So cute!
grace is so skinny!!
Grace is serving 10th grade realness, yas!
omg... ahead of your time. lol
How about calling this tag...”Throw back tacky.” #TBT
I dig it
What a trend setter Grace 👌
Nice thigh gap Grace!
Watching before 200k Views!!!!!!
Ayy my hoco was tonight
The #ThrowbackCringe challenge!
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA I CANT
Jenna Marbles should do this too
very nice video
Ugly girl
Hoco repo
#homecringing
@jennamarbles you should also participate😉👌🏻 another jennas rachet...
🖕🏾
Wheres your date?
Lol trending.
#formalfails #formalfailures
*WATCH GIRLFRIEND DOING BOYFRIENDS MAKEUP ON MY CHANNEL!!* \n😂😍💋💄💅🏻😍
that thigh gap is real\n😏😇\nI am sure whatever fuckboy you have in the background does\n😂😏
As an actual tailor, this hurts a lot.
I'm 100% new to NF. First time hearing his music. I am a complete fan already, these lyrics are seriously amazing. Very surprising and refreshing 👏 I'm going to try his other music if anyone has any songs you think i should hear I'd love to know, thanks !
yo this lit 🔥💯 check my music video out 🔥🔥
This one is more than a song.. Its real Life...
Sit down Jake Paul... and listen to some real bars.
Is it just me or does this guy sound like EMENIM 😲
All this guy needs is a mic, a piece of paper and a pen. Fans not included. Within 3 seconds he'll blow the place away
My sister was sitting with me outside and we were just playing music on YouTube, I looked up a song and this song came on for the ad before the video. I thought it looked interesting so I didn't skip it. My sister looked at me when it was only 1 minute in and then said with a straight face. Mary I don't know what you've been through but~.... I think you need help...  like serious help... I had to think about what she said for a while then we both started laughing about it.
Yes! He’s finally getting recognition for his work 😊
Meh. Not sure what the fuss is all about. This guy can rap, but not blow up status.
This whole album is a masterpiece!
Nate's song is trending oh my god so proud
That's cool, that's great, that's fine. OK, you can leave now.
Killed it straight 🔥🔥🔥🔥 strtd burning the apple on this iPhone 😎👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Surprised no one (or at least from the comments I've seen) has suggested that him and Eminem would be a dope collaboration
I can’t express how grateful I am for nf in the hip hop industry where he clearly deserves to be. Thank you for bringing back relatable, meaningful, inspirational, feelings back to hip hop. You crafted it perfectly because it captures real ness. What music should be. Never forced, or molded.
Nf's new music is trending on youtube, bout time he gets some good attention
Add me on Snapchat for a chance to win $50 gift card to restaurant of ur choice @ cbetz_17
That beat is so hard. Same with intro 3. NF be killing it rn. I hate the popular mumble rap people be doin.
I'm just trying to be me, I'm nobody else
Down to 35 sucks he should be back at the to bit he did get up to #7
Nf The Outcast\nHas a good ring to it😎
I didn't even know that nf lived in a town right by me both small towns it's amazing
Woke up in the cell, where am I at?\nYeah, it's cold, but I like that\nWhat, am I trapped?\nHeart's beating out of my chest\nDoor's locked, but the keys are in my hands\nHm, yeah, that's weird, it doesn't make sense, does it?\nI make songs, I don't make friends, judge me\nMight smile, but it ain't that funny\nSing along to the pain, they love it\nLife's like a merry-go-round\nAnd I'm still tryna figure it out\nI like space I don't fit in the crowds\nMy whole life I've been airin' it out\nOh, I'm gettin' into character now\nFeels wrong, but it feels right\nMy feelings seal tight real nice\nBut I will fight anything to win\nBut I'm not Mike Tyson, I won't bite ya'\nBut I will tell you if I don't like you\nI am not the norm\nI got my own shoes, I ain't tryna fit in yours\nI never been married, but I've felt divorced\nHi, I'm Nate, have we met before\nSomebody told you I was wack? Check the source\nSomebody told you I was back? Yes, of course\nYou got a problem with the fans? There's the door\nYou lookin' for the old me? Check the morgue, ah!\nNot a fortune-teller, but I can see into the future better\nAin't no tellin' what'll happen when I pick up the microphone, get the fans together\nSame style, but the songs are better\nBeen a year and a half, feels like it's gone forever\nAin't no drink in my hand, but you know the buzz is comin'\nBig steps in the game, yeah, the Hulk is running\nMy thoughts are funny, it feels like I'm on to something, yeah\n\nI'm high off the music, my head's in the clouds\nI kinda like it up here, I'm not comin' down\nI'd rather be alone, I am not good in crowds\nWhich is kinda confusin' I know, been that way since a child\nThey laughin', they tell me I'll never get out\nI'm just tryna be me, I am nobody else\nI don't care what you think, I'm just bein' myself\nSo I guess for now\n\nI'll just be the outcast\nI'll just be the outcast\nI'll just be the outcast\nI guess I'll be the outcast\n\nYeah, I guess I don't fit the mold of rap\n'Cause I'm respectin' women\nI heard your record, I was laughin at it\nMaybe they would like me more if I got a little graphic with it\nNah, I don't wanna blend in with you little rappin' idiots, I'd rather be the outcast\nI ain't never puttin' out trash\nI take a hundred and staple it right to my tongue\nI always put the money where my mouth's at, ah!\nFeels good to be here now\nI'm a weird person with a weird crowd\nWhat, you don't like that?\nThat's cool, that's great, that's fine, okay, you can leave now\nGot a weird smile, but I like it though\nI paint it on me and I'm walkin' to the microphone\nAnd put the caution tape around me like I did in Intro I, yeah!\nYeah, they got me reminiscin' now!\nYou done know I'm 'bout to go mad\nNever wanted something so bad\nGoosebumps through the whole track\nAin't no way I'm gonna hold back\nGot me thinkin' that I'm cookin' in a meth lab\nI don't blow it up in front of my own eyes\nYou look a little lost, you ain't get that?\nComin' from a town where nobody hears a rap like this\nI never get the memo, must've missed that\nWow!\nHere I go in my feelings again, I can feel it again\nSo I lay in my bed, in my cell with the pen\nAnd I dwell on my sins, I keep wonderin' when\nTime to open the the doors, they don't know who I am\nBut I pick up the keys and I put on my Timbs\nAnd I stare at the locks and the tat on my skin\nAnd I think to myself, I don't wanna fit in\n\nI'm high off the music, my head's in the clouds\nI kinda like it up here, I'm not comin' down\nI'd rather be alone, I am not good in crowds\nWhich is kinda confusin', I've not been that way since I was a child\nThey laughin', they tell me I'll never get out\nI'm just tryna be me, I am nobody else\nI don't care what you think, I'm just bein' myself\nSo I guess for now\n\nYeah, I'll just be the outcast\nI'll just be the outcast\nI'll just be the outcast\nI guess I'll be the outcast\n\nYeah, tryna focus\nTake a knife to my head then I cut it open\nTake my brain, put it on the floor tryna figure out my motives\nY'all thought I was an issue when the door was locked\nNah, you should see me when the door opens\nEvery night I can hear voices\nPut a camera in my face, might turn Joker like I'm Mike Posner\nAlways been a little complex\nDifficult to process\nSome of y'all wanna sit around and try to pick apart my bars\nHere's some lines you could dissect:\nIf I'ma die, I'ma die givin' everything that I have\nTake a deep breath, I don't need y'all's respect\nI'm a reject kid at recess playin' games with his make-believe friends\nYeah, I don't ever take a night off\nLights off in the room and I write songs\nI might fall into my thoughts once in a while when the mic's off\nYou ain't ever seen no drive like mine, better hop outta my car\nI'm about to unlock my doors\nYou ain't got a seat belt on, better find one\nGettin' sick of people tellin' me to smile more\nT.S. was a chapter I'll never forget, it was therapy for me\nBut it's time to turn the page now\nHey, shut up! I'm tryna tell 'em my story!\nI'm sorry, I wasn't yellin' at y'all, I was talkin' to the voices\nI rip out the drums of the industry's ears for tryin' to ignore me and playin' while singin' this chorus\n\nI'll just be the outcast\nI'll just be the outcast\nI'll just be the outcast\nI guess I'll be the outcast\n\nI'll just be the outcast\nI'll just be the outcast\nI'll just be the outcast\nI guess I'll be the outcast
I used to like Witt Lowry. And then I heard this guy and realized Witt Lowry is just a watered down, bland version of NF. #realmusictillthedaywedie
I'm sorry but he sounds exactly like Eminem
Awesome FLOW man ❤👊\nU do a great job.
...the dislikes are only the people who accidentally missed the like button
Amazing! Would love a NF + Logic duo. Feat Eminem 😍
that was straight fire!
I love it when I've been with nf when he started little now he's big
NF : Hi, I'm Nate. Have we met before?\n\n\nMe : No, not yet. ;)
I can 100% DEFINITELY see an Eminem kinda flow with words in there. I like it a lot.
2014-now I'm amazed he wasn't bigger then
His voice sounds like Eminem and logic had a kid.
Tupac started to write the book of rap... \neminem continued \nNF and Witt started a new chapter
Will the real slim shady please stand up!!
Does anyone else feel like NF is trying to be bold and diss Eminem? From his line in outro,  figured out the reason they follow me, it's not cause I'm a rap god, I don't need you people to bow to me. Referencing rap god by Eminem and now in outcast saying, got my own shoes, I ain't tryna fit in yours. Sounds like he's talking about beautiful by Eminem. Just my observation
He's literally the greatest christian rapper i've ever had the pleasure to stumble across on youtube.
99% of you won't see this. But have a great day? :)
if you want logic and NF to collaborate on a song like this comment*
I love the fact that he can make great songs without plaguing it with cursing
Theme song. Keep up the good work for GOD. Fan for LIFE.
Some real bars right here🔥
FINALLY HE'S TRENDING!!\nBut,I hope people understand the lyrics.
i got hella hype when i saw that nf was trending
Feels like I stumbled into another dope artist again...
Don’t Read my profile pic.
aye Nate is finally on the trending page!!!
FInally music with real lyrics, solid bars, a quality hook, a song with meaning and amazing delivery. Thank you NF...so tired of commercial music with no meaning.  Keep it coming! Christ First always my friend.
I love the people who said they've been listening for a year now. Boi, I've been here since his Moments album
You're looking for the old me check the morgue \nOmg I can't😂😂\nThe old Taylor can't come to the phone right now, why... oh cuz she's dead
Most underrated rapper in the industry right now... been listening for around a year
Glad this dude is finally starting to blow up, Well deserved!
You ruled the world after this
Where does he get that green hoodie????
Finally a great rapper who actually puts out EXCELLENT MUSIC!!!!
I always listen to NF and when I do so does the rest of the neighborhood.
He deserves way more views but because he raps about real stuff the industry doesn't want him
He’s like if Hopsin and Eminem had a baby
How are you going to upload it on my birthday and not shout me out?
He is the next Eminem
Can i just say, for the ones saying he's trying to be Eminem. No! but its obvious he's influenced by Eminem and they both from Michigan so they have that accent. Difference is,like he mentioned in this song, i guess i dont fit the mold of rapping cause im respecting women. He doesnt rap about the money the sex the drugs and things of that nature that you listen to from other rappers
So much talent! I love him and he just keeps getting better!
🔥🔥🔥😍😍
I fuckin love u homie
*Eminem stops making music* *NF saves rap*
E.m.i.n.e.m
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
#36 trending?!?!?!?!?!?
2:09 Trash!
1:11
New Born Eminem
Sounds very much like Em, still dope
🙌😳👏
Wow. keep this coming.
Hey Ya
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=115212\nGet Money Now!!!
Bad ass
Mini Emniem?
Eminem’s child
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
added to PvP playlist!
Ok eminem wannabe
Hurricane Nate= NF firestorm
Made it on trending!!
NF Is #1
Gives me goosebumps everytime.
Lit af
Ayy you're trending
pls share!
Haha diss on roman atwoods bullshit smilemore . 421
That shit was beyond weak
Sorry but this song isn't that great. NF has put out better songs than this. So when everyone on here is going OMG this is the Shit. I'm over here scratching my head like are you forreal. I will say this though. Their are worse songs on the radio getting play than this song but I ain't hitting repeat. Just being real.
Did Eminem have a son we didn’t know about?
36 tending damn he getting famous
Who is listening to this before 1 million
Oh wow, look, totally not Eminem style.
I love the other songs you've released lately but this one's a little           bit of a let down but I respect the story this song tells keep up the good work
this nigga week😂😂
Trash
Anna, I feel the nursery isn’t a very big room. A little fussing a crying is okay, if she gets hysterical, yes plz pick her up. But if you wanna redo it, maybe put her in her crib, play some soft music or fun kid songs she likes and continuously talk or sing to her as you work to redo her room the way you want so she hears your voice and knows your close. Maybe take breaks every half hr or 10 min to hold her and play with her, then do another 10 min or so. It will take longer then if you were alone (but what doesn’t with kids) but I feel you can get it done. Could work? Worth a shot?
The way Alessia was looking at Johnathan when he was trying to feed her was like smirking as if to say im not going to open my mouth 😁😁😁
Did they change the title and thumbnail? Thought it was named ‘feeding the baby’ before and had a picture of Alessia and a spoon?
Who remembers when Emilia would just sit and rock and bang her head? 🤣🤣🤣 smh
Prepping the kids for beer pong, a useful skill in high school and college. Lol
Anna you are my idol!!!! Such a strong and inspiring woman 🌸🌸
Aleesia is cute.  She loves that camera!  What is everyone being for Halloween?
Do you like to baby wear? Maybe that’s help getting stuff done!
You guys are such a beautiful family. I really love watching your videos. You always lift my spirits up. Keep being awesome. <3
Eduardo I am naked. He always cracks me up.
Anna I'd love to see your nighttime routine! Like makeup removal to bed! :)
Hi everyone, I'm wanting to give it a shot at vlogging so I have memories to look back on. Should my channel be called\n- Zac and Sophie\nor\n- Sophie + boys\nAm open to any other suggestions too! ☺\nMy fiance name is Zac and we have 2 little boys.\nThanks for the help ☺❤
My mom called me her broach because i never wanted to be away from her.
Alessia is a smiling baby like Emilia when she was young. Hahaha! Edwardo was the opposite.
I can't believe Eduardo only 3 it sounds weird when you say interview with my three year old so cute my little cousin is 3 Lenny and he still can't speak very well he can speak but he still can't say proper conversations and when he does try you don't under stand he turnt three 2 weeks ago xx
My brother is Eduardos age and all he wants to do is strip off it's so funny but annoying xx 😘
Love the kiddos. Love u all!
My 3 year old brother likes Steve and Maggie
Anna never mind what others think you are both great parents and no matter what age we are we want and hug from mammy
the most adorable family on the internet 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
“don’t press that button!” Haha Jonathan’s Irish accent really came out there
Omg when Edwardo said that emelia was his girlfriend, dead 😂😂😂
Shoutout to my ex😂 Eduardo is hilarious 😂🙈
Oh my gosh is it me or is jonathan screaming nonstop at the camera? I wish he would just talk normal sometimes and not so animated.
Eduardo: So good morning I am naked cracked me up! 😂😂😂
Johnathan is teaching Amelia how to be the queen of beer pong when she's older 😂😂😂😂
That ball you were using was way to bouncy. Fun though. Alessia looking at Emilia at the dinner table was so cute.
Just keep cuddling as much as you want to. The time flies too quickly.
Eduardos saying is I'm Anna or I'm Elsa😂❤️
Ha-Ha!  Jonathon is so hilarious - Why is the tv show from last night coming over the radio?!  Anna is right, there is no such thing as loving a baby too much! 💕
I adore Eduardo he is just adorable is hillarious and extremely clever and we'll developed for his age!!!😋😉😃👨‍👩‍👧‍👦👶🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕
I laughed sook hard this vlog :\nEmilia: Wait! Why are YOU talking😂😂😂
Get a Lillebaby carrier, Anna! It will help so so so much. The 6 in 1 Complete in Woven. Just trust me. SO SOFT.
i love how excited the kids got on the bowl game x so lovely xx
A lovely video I really enjoyed watching it :):) :):) emilia, Eduardo and alessia are so cute emilia was so adorable when she said  wait why are you talking? 😀🐶❤️ Eduardo was so sweet when he said  good morning my friendliest friend very slowly and when johnathan asked him if he had a girlfriend he said   yes then when johnathan said what is her name? Eduardo said  emilia and alessia looked so cute when she was smiling at the camera when johnathan was holding her :):) :):) \n\nAnna what you could do is give alessia a dummy for comfort x \n\nJohnathan is a great dad and Anna is a lovely mum x
How cute are your kids!! Love watching your videos 💚💛❤️💙
When are use going to move house
You are such a good mom.  It's a lot of work and you do a wonderful job.  What a good example you are for others when it comes to parenting. Love watching you guys.  Been watching since Emilia was a baby.  It just keeps getting better.
😂Eduardo coughing at Alessia's was so funny , I love the kids theyre so cuttee❤️
Alessia is finally in that phase where babies have developed their growing personalities.  She's so cute and tiny petite..., just like Erika!  I think Alessia is going to be the most precious of all your children.  She's just a little beauty with those drop dead gorgeous baby blues and her long dark lashes.  Emilia has a built in best friend and Eduardo will have the company of two great sisters to walk through life with.  Of course, a brother will even the odds for Eduardo and give him a brother/best mate to leverage his odds, but I'll just leave that area up to you guys.  Love your vlogs!!!
EDUARDO GETTING NAKED AND JUMPING IN THE CRIB WITH ALESSIA IS THE MOST BIZARRE THING I HAVE EVER WITNESSED.
why don't you put alessia in that like thing that moves up and down and its always moving maybe she'll enjoy it and set it outside the nursery door so she can see you. then maaaybe the little cutie will let you do thing without holding her. I'm sure she will cry at first but yeah shouldn't get her use to always being carried cause that's what happens. she gets spoil and thinks well if I cry mom will pick me up lol
It's bounces off and out cause its a spiky ball
Guys it's been officially one year since i've watched sacconejolys every single day! love you guys
alessia is so cuteeee! can we have her haha?
Anna YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL 👏🏻👏🏻
I wish it was cold in Texas where I live 😕 -*jealous*
I hear ya Anna! You rock as a mom :)
The best bit made me roar with laughter Jonathan feeding the baby and get bored face. And Eduardo stripping off. Typical child  very funny
 So good morning. I am naked!
I KNEW I couldn't possibly be the only person in the world who says Whatever song is playing on the radio when I turn it on will depict how the day is going to go !!!!!!!!!!!!! Woooooo !!! Haha !! Thanks Johnathen !! 😍😍😍
Awww Alessia was so happy to see her mommy in the beginning of the video. Too precious for words!!!
Anna you are so right ❤ dont ever listen to other people. A mom always knows whats the best for her children/babys. + you can never cuddle your baby to much. Enjoy every minute ❤
I love Eduardo's passion for Little Mix 😂😂
In Germany it is more common to put the baby in a sleeping bag - because blankets can move over to her face overnight and she might get too less air
eduardo's favorite song is shout out to my ex by little mix?? omg that's funny! hahaha
Let Allessia nap in your room while you tackle the nursery
When are yall moving?? Lol at Jonathan's Comment...Alessia is so cute!
Middle child syndrome 😂😂😂😋😂 I'm a middle child
Hi Guys!
Just take it
I'm in love with this family.
I love that. Anna is ignoring all the 'don't hold your baby too much' 'rule and doing whatever she feels right for her I love that really like whatever makes ur baby happy and is working no matter what the rules are then do it like so what at least it's working for u and the baby. I love it
Get your baby snuggles while you can.
Fav irish family 💚
Did you change the title or is it just me ?
anna is sooo gorgeous though:(
Ffs
The cutest kids ever 💕
Pobre bb no tiene cámara para mirarla y no tiene protección la cuna el video anterior se metió un golpe muy feo porfavor tengan más cuidado los amoooooooo
Yes Eduardo!!! Mini mixer right there!!!!
Amazing parenting! :)
that baby looks like Miley Cyrus
Sweet Eduardo
Love you, guys!!  :*
Im dead! Emilia - Diahrrea, diahrrea (sp?) shes so funny!
Not worth listening to Senborra\nSACCNOE JOLYs are multimillon subscribed and worth it \nGot muted.........
Aww
Jonathon, stop screaming.  Are you on something your so hyper active weird in this video.  I wonder why the children don't listen, hmmmmmm.
Emilia is Eduardo's hero and gf.
I can’t believe Eduardo is only 3! He acts so much older I think!
What day was this filmed on. Are the vlogs not filmed the day before they're uploaded anymore?😔😭
Ok I Alesia's adorable we get it. But did they forget they have 2 other kids? I know babies attract more views🙄 but come on. Almost every thumbnail lately has been Alessia
Silly spoons for feeding babies
Have you tried baby wearing so you can get stuff done? All my friends swear by it to get the housework done!
Lol @ Jonathan feeding alessia, typical Man slopping it everywhere 😂
At 6:49 Edwardo is naked 😱😱😱😱😱😱
Poor Edourdo he has  pressure of speech he never gets the chance to verbalise himself fully. Jonathon always has to be yapping  ALL the time
Does anyone know what is Vodafone please leave in the comments
watch +kavos video about family vloggers
Emilia saying Give me some hope LOL she is adorable
I really hope you taught Emilia and Eduardo they're not supposed to climb in the cot with Alessia unless you or Anna are there. I'm imaging all sorts of tragic scenarios here...
I haven't watched lately!  What happed with the new house? Are they getting a new house like they said? Or what happened?
You were saying we're moving soon and when we move a lot these past few weeks, now it's all we're never moving what happened??! Please fill us in more about this, it's so confusing 🤔
Anna, I love you honesty. I had a baby boy around the same time as you did Alessia (I think they are about 2 weeks apart) and with it being my second I have really struggled with some of the day to day!! I think you're doing an amazing job and you are just so real!! Thank you for making me fee like I am doing a great job too. Xxx
Eduardo is an expressive child. He have a big heart and plenty of love to give. Him getting naked is his way of saying that he does not want Alessia getting the grubbiness from his school clothes. I am sure his parents will teach him the norm of things as he grows older. He is only 3 For God's sake....
Omg she slept whole night on her tummy!Is it safe to do so.Bit confused as i was told to make my baby sleep on her back by my midwife😔
I finally realized who Anna reminds me of: Julia Roberts
Emilia and Edwardo need more discipline. They should not talk to you or ignore what you say
I don t know when they are moving but it s hard to take all the things that they need in the new house and they have 2 kids in school and a baby it must be hard
This video is an insult to all gamers, rip
I know this is clueless gamer and all but come on Conan, really? Are you really that daft?
i just got the game...........i really hope i incounter that orc........have him as my ally for comic relief lol
I was worried after the Cuphead episode, but now clueless gamer is back!
Disapointed by the radical change of Clueless Gamer... It used to be much more fun with Aaron.
You sir will make a fine addition to my army
I want Conan to play Star Wars Battlefront II.
Ugh! I've been waiting SO long!!! Kumail's great and it's awesome he got to be one of the VAs for this game!!!
Conan won't save this game. Shadow of Microtransactions
After so many episodes, is he really clueless anymore?
i liked his voice acting...
Yeah. No way is that how Kumail is implemented in the game. It's only for this segment. Ergh.
Is kumail actually in the game or did the show add it for comedy
Sounds more like a ninja turtle than an orc, imo. Think about it, Kumail.
I like this series sometimes but what is the point of this series of Conan playing video games, because Conan never seems to enjoy it that much, he doesn't really come to any understanding of gamers of games, he's not really introducing games to customers, he's funnier at different things so I don't quite get it
I feel sorry for this guy in every episode of clueless gamer :'(
Please tell me the whole Kumail voice is not real. Please. It is terrible
You only get one shot with a crossbow. I dont think the creators know how they work.
yet another game riddled with lootboxes , microtransactions and pay to win multiplayer...
Middle-Earth: Shadow of War - STEAMPUNKS or Middle-Earth: Shadow of War - CPY, wait for it...
Everyone complaining about microtransactions are idiots. It's not p2p, you can play the game and unlock everything. If you hate them so much just don't buy them
dang they should bring back the rating system.
6:45 The head on a pike part sounded good isn't that better than none of it being good
you know when you are around gamers and competent people with decent reaction speed and reflexes \n\n\nyou really get a sense of how jarring and odd it is for people to be so bad at reacting to things and just sitting there clueless going wtf \n\nits weird now seeing the normies
Wait is he actually in the game?
When Orc Kumail got his torso cut off, oil came out. That's racist.
I wanna play shadow of war so bad
Didn't Kumail play as Primo from that Adventure time show on Cartoon Network?
SIGN UP --> ENTER CODES --> GET PAYED!!\nI made $150 just last night XD\nTrying to get referrals! Help me help you! Thank You!\nhttp://pepiredrsa.win/3522403659458/
Can you play star wars battlefront 2
God damn Conan is such an ass, how do people stand him?
holy crap the lip syncing is so bad please tell me this is just a beta build
this is fake. how can you play the game when it doesn't come out until 3 days from now in the future
He looks like paddock\n\n\n\nThe vegas shooter
Who else can wait until shadow of war gets released?
Awesome game and you guys are real funny
I don't understand their intent on these gaming videos. They are advertising the game, but the host, Conan, just slams every game and the idea of a gamer every time.
What an awful voice for a character in this game.
ahh i miss these havent seen one in a while
I like games and even I think this is some what funny, I don't take this seriously.
Ok so I totally thought when we saw the agonizer trailer with Kumail, we were just hearing his lines without or filters.....but I'm baffled to why they didnt change it XD
Loves his family, but doesn't know how to show it, so covers it with alcohol 😂
I wonder how much it cost WB for that marketing stunt...
You're WAIST-ing my time I'M DEAAADDD
... yes. every shade of your mom's lipstick.\n\n\n\n\n\n... and her butthole
Is kumail Nanjiani multiple colors?\n\nYes, every shade of your moms lip stick... and her butthole
Erin needs to stop being a little bitch
To all of you who thinks this is a skit, it is not. He is in the game. His character has its own trailer.\n\nhttps://youtu.be/3R8AS-usomo
Im gonna buy this game just to hear that orc speak
I wonder if he just recorded his voice before the show and they used it for the orc.
I wonder, if Conan had choked to death on a peanut, would Warner Brothers create a Conan DLC to generate more profit?
Am I the only one who wanted to have Troy Baker in this video instead since he plays the main character....
Conan: You're a really good gamer. You really are.\nKumail: What about voice acting?\nConan: ANYWAYS!\nLOL
Didn't now Kumail voice acted in this game. Guess I know who's gonna be my favorite Captain
out of all the guys they could have picked to help conan they pick this fuckwit
Conan, I love these videos but seriously just play with your nerd friend, it's been so long I've forgotten his name
He's done enough of these I'm surprised he hasn't picked up some knowledge about the games.
i've wait to long for this
That wasn't real was it? It ruins the whole vibe of the game.
Watch the best comedy videos on my YouTube channel \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwEOdDqf1Vw&t=50s And do not forget to subscribe to the channel and work for Lake\nHumour jeff panacloc et jean marc marakech du rire\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNUyH78_N70&feature=youtu.be\nMYBookie ag Presents The NY Yankees Locker Room -\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brBVvgU0ut0&feature=youtu.be
Please rate Pokemon Tekken DX on Nintendo Switch!! Would love to see it! :)\nTHUMBS up, if you agree
PLEASE do a clueless gamer with Norm Macdonald!!
Conan stays getting fuqd up, every game he play
I hate people like this who push the stereotype that all gamers are basement dwellers if there good.
I'm glad Conan is bringing this up Kumail's voice is not intimidating at all lol, though it makes me want to recruit all of the characters he voices and put them all into one fort, I will call it Nanjiani Castle
✝️ *HARVEST MUSIC FESTIVAL MASSACRE Was Preplanned WELL in Advance* via Me And My Monkey song, SEE SONG VIDEO HERE  >>> https://youtu.be/1sBTMC2-tg4\n\nAnd Once You Fully understand the Spiritual Meaning of the Diabolical Massacre via the above link provided...\n\n✝️ *GET WITH GOD's PROGRAM, NOW!! PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE IS REAL!  AND IT'S RED ALERT!!* \n\n...Leave the Devil in the Dust for Good...\n\n✝️ *ARE YOU SAVED?* Find Out For Certain!  MAKE SURE YOU ARE SAVED by The Gospel, 1st Corinthians, 15:1-4 >> Just click HERE ==> https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-Corinthians-Chapter-15/ \n\n✝️ Beware the watered down False Doctrine many churches are pushing these days.  To be certain you have been Saved by the ONLY valid Gospel at the time of this posting, let Pastor Robert Breaker walk you through the simple steps today by clicking on the link ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k \n\n*REV 12 Sign of The Son of Man* being fulfilled;  TIME IS RUNNING OUT!\n\n😇 *Rightly Divided, The KJV Bible  (the only Bible uncorrupted) clearly promises the Blessed Hope of PRE-Tribulation Rapture!!*\n(shhhh...Satan doesn't want you to know) 👿\n\nJews, Gentiles, Everyone Alike...\n\n*GET SAVED NOW !! Don't be LEFT BEHIND to suffer The Great Tribulation...* 😓\n\n*The Bottom Line?*\nThe Blood of JESUS CHRIST is your ONLY hope of Salvation By Grace Through Faith for life everlasting in the Heavenly Kingdom...\n\n*GET SAVED & REPENT NOW!*\n*How To Know You're Saved* Click Here Now ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k\n\n✝️ For some of the latest Biblical Evidence, Rapture coming soon watch this Youtube video >>>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w\nFor more Watchmen videos use keywords Revelation 12 Sign, Last Trump, Rapture.  Take Heed and WARN  EVERYONE!! \n >>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w
Do a simple Google search: WUMO SEO. Its the most trusted Seo agency. They offer 100% refund policy. I highly suggest this company.
Conan, stop it! You are never going to be pewdiepie! Realize you lost your audience years ago when you turned into a libtard. Remember those ratings?
Is an Xbox one X?
wow the wait is over <3
i'm dead 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
More clueless gamer please
Thank you conan   thank  you  lol
you're WAISTing my time genius, hahaha
Your guest is extremely unfunny.
That was fun.
So.... any puns revolving around kumail's orc death?
Hold up... new leather jacket?
SHAME. SHAME. SHAME. SHAME.
Jesus that voice acting....
Game looks dope
ugh Laugh track is so overused!
He is hilarious 🤣
Kumail looks so embarrassed, but yeah; the developers should have changed his voice or asked him to do an accent. I’m so sorry dude! I’m glad you told us you were told to keep your voice the same
Prismo!!!
Aaron so cute, Conan so cute, Kumail not so cute
The cringe
The Indian guy looks like a snob
Conan had a better voice as an orc then the other dude.
The orc that hates twitter hahaha 1:26
https://youtu.be/Sn1WaIbvTY4
With Steven Yeun!!
I like Kumail voice.
😂😂
Should've showed Conan the loot boxes.
Shadow of microtransactions
There was a little shade and the creator was feeling it
What you guys don’t know... because this comment section doesn’t really reflect the gaming community... is that the gaming community HATES this game. Because they are INSULTINGLY greedy in how they handle their micro transactions.
prediction, there is no mention of lootboxes, micro transactions, or how the true ending is locked behind tons of grinding that can be conveniently skipped by buying lootboxes.\nin a $60 single player game\nprediction affirmed.
Just go to the google search and search: WUMO SEO. They are the most excellent Seo firm and ranked my website in a matter of 2 months. They'll either rank your web site or offer money-back. I vouch for WUMOSEO.
lmao the guys mind vs the girls
Inside out
Is it me or did her views kinda drop ?
When Confidence is non existent up there
Stress's hair was the best
I'm so confused right now anyone else
Why is stress actually my favorite?😂💕
Please do a your brain vs your crush's brain?
LOL that green screen fail with Tyler
I literally have the same shirt as Optimism. :-)
my name is tyler
Hi i love you so much
Omg the hair for “stress” is on point😍👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼😍😍
I don’t know any puns but heyyyy
I just on your live on insta  here is a pun the Sheavel was a great invention but everyone was below and use a leaf blower
you based the video of the merell twins video
Ok who else loves rachel with short hair
how did she style her hair for the stress character?? it's cute lol
Inside out
Your #48 on trending
I love this😂❤️❤️
omgggg loveit
Better story than Inside Out
Ha me
I love hor creative Rachel is
I love how tyler did it too
Check my channel and sub
Love your vid
hey, its a funny word
You should do things to do when your bored ❤️✨\nLike if you agree ❤️🌎
Love you channel
Hi
THOSE EDITING SKILLS THO
*coouuugghh* InSiDe oUt *coouuugghh*
Hi x
LIVE STREAM SQUAD
SOOOOOO FUUUUNNNNNEEHHHH
Lysmm
Live stream squad 😜✌😻
Came from live
ON LIVE Stream
I loveeeeee your videos
Hi love u ❤️
Hi
hi
Came from the livestream 💓💓✨
Hi
Hiiiiiiiii
love you
Hello
Hiii
I love you
COMMENT
i liked isacc better
STRESS
InsideOut who?? haha
Loveeee 😘
She has 139 unread messages
I love stresses hair
God you’re curvy
You and tyler need to make a song so you guys can never break up XD
I am a mixture of literal l , offended and confidence 😂😂
Love your videos!
I'm probably Conscience and Distracted. Mostly Distracted
Tyler’s part killed me 😂
Omg my and Tyler have the same pinky fingers!!!!!
I miss the old Rachel
Who else just came back from Rachel’s Insta live?
what do you call a mess of cats\n\n\n\na catrosety
I would tell you a pun but God says to rest on punday
Hi I'm on ur live there finally making a movie about clocks it's about time
I would tell you a donut joke but I donut know any
Why didnt the roofer have a wife? Because he was a shingle man. HAHHAA
Yesterday and clown held the door for me. I thouth it was a nice jester
From the live stream
Love you so much😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Hi Rachel I get to see you live I’m really happy because I have different time zones as you because I live in England love you Rachel hope you reach 20M one day!  💗🌙👻
Live stream squad where u at❤❤❤❤💙💙💙💚💚💚💛💛💛💜💜💜💟💟💟💟
I love your videos!!!😘😘😘\nI came from the live!
The live stream sent me ❤️xx
Hey rachel love u . U and tyler make a good couple
Hi I came From ur live 🛑
Came here from live can I please be the comment of the hour I love you so so so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love you Rachel. You do amazing content videos!
Love the vid Rachel xx
i turned on the bell and liked
I love you ı come from your live
more vids with Tylerrrrrr (i mean ik u have a joint channel with him, derek and Caoimhe but ..still)
i remember when i used to have school crushes oh the good old days now i have an everlasting crush on park jimin
I really like Stresses hair she should do her hair like that all the time.
It made it on to trending :D
who seen the last bit of the episode tylor had no hair
Anyone notice she has 139 other texts!?
Know the drill\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThen u must be knowing screwdriver. .he is a good guy too: )
very well done, very very well done, i'm proud of you
is it just me or does anyone think she looks like the gabbyshow?
That's so cool how did you do that Rachel
Super video
i think my confidence person in my head is dead
If blue eyes is recessive, then it would actually be 25%...
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ greensshort.com/giftcardsgiveaway?830114924
I cant wait anymore. I wanna lissen beautiful trauma album.\nI love p!nk & her voice.\nI d like to lissen P!nk & Kelly Clarkson duet :)
I'm so in love with Pink's new music like her words are stronger than before
Oh wow play it at 1.25x times. It sounds so so different
who's here before 1M?
i hate gays, but love pink.
Can't wait for the album!
This song is so fu..... brilliant!👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽love it💘
I have no idea what this song is about and why is it in my recommendation but this music is hella good. I'm so buying this album
not my usual genre. nonetheless, beautiful song by pink well done :-)
Wow I love this song. She never fails to make great music
and you keep inspiring people all over the world. Keep doing it, luv u 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
My boyfriend & I are okay, now it feels like we aren't.
And another song that makes you feel life and love... perfection..
Cant Wait for Eminem n Pink Revenge Song to drop!!
It ia good song. PINK really does have a great voice!
The lyrics! 😱😍 this is a masterpiece.
I love this girl the way she sings and the way she is.
After all these years she still rocking it...😉
Love Pink! Hope she will release a remix / remixes of this song. A remix with music of InXS style would be nice.
PINK YOUR MY LIFE I WISH I COULD MEET YOU IN PERSON YOUR MUSIC IS MY LIFE THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING 😍😭🙂
Feel like this song calls back to her earlier stuff while bringing in new elements from her newer stuff. it's got a great vibe
Wow! It's incredible that this song describe perfectly my relationship with my sister and our family situation. And we are just two, my mom and my cat! Thank you P!NK for be my friend and be in the hardest moments through your songs. I love you gurl!
PINK - Whatever You Want Karaoke Instrumental Acoustic Piano Cover Lyrics  http://ecut.it/Pjq0o
Soooooo excited for you to get to Washington!  This will be fun event.
P¡nk always makes me want to go on with my life. \nBeautiful
This reminds me so much of her older music <3
I feel this song so much now
I love this song and p!nk she never fails to produce amazing music. Can't wait for the album
Running like a dog\nFighting like a bitch too much\nAnd you just can't stand it, baby\nEven when I fall\nYou don't seem to give two shits\n'Cause you're just too cool, baby\nWe could have it all\nNeither one of us would budge\n'Cause we can't be wrong, baby\nFolding up your arms, closing up your heart\n\nI know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause I want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know we must believe\nOr fall apart\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\n\nTrying to get a breath\nThinkin' 'bout the time you said that I was your heart, baby\nTrynna understand how a grown man goes on without a body part, baby\nI could walk away\nI could always cash my chips and I'd be okay, baby\nI would be okay, and you might be okay\n\nOh, I know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause you want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know you must believe\nYou're enough for me\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do\n\nWhoever said that love was sweet\n(Drank a little too much whiskey, baby)\nWhoever said that life was easy\n(Never lived anywhere near me)\nI wouldn't change a thing\n'Cause you're the one I wanna sink with\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough\n\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh
This is true pink that keeps getting it even though how long she’s gone always keeping it real!❤️👍😁😍
Can't wait for the oficial video. This is just so really fucking great 😲❤️❤️❤️❤️
Pink sounds sometimes like Taylor Swift in this song
I love this Song P!NK, I would one concert in ROME
@eloisa290 i love your art in this video!
THIS IS THE P!NK I ben waiting to hear from this Album!!!!!!
I love Pink's music... <3 You are an inspire to me.
The front part sounds like Taylor Swift's style
Pink's vocals are really powerful in the new songs i've heard from this forthcoming album. She is blowing!! LUV IT!!
My love life in a song. It's crazy how it's so timely and on point. Man.. Pink, is this u giving me an advise? 😭
I feel like this song could be in a Disney film
She never ceases to amaze me! One good song after another 💖💖💖
i dont get it why this song flop?
You can have whatever you want Pink
P!NK please come to South Africa!
Even I am not that into modern instant music, Pink always manages to surprise me in a possitive way :]
That low singing voice mmmmmmm love her
i love this song
It's been just 1 hour since I heard it and I already know almost all!
We love You, all the best for you and your family, greetings from Poland :* :* :*
YOU OUT DID YOUR SELF. I LOVED IT
I love Just Like Fire vibes
I LOVE THIS SONG... if only my mum could listen to it... she loved pink and... she died when I was 6 and now I think that since she watches over my family so she will here this when I listen to it... She was a big big big fan she would’ve loved this song
I cannot get enough of this new Pink! Keep it coming! 😍
Awesome song, def!n!tely another b!g h!t. Great mus!c v!deo! keep!ng !t s!mple P!nk
nice
Love it too
DISAMBIGUATION...........
1 mil. views already
P!nk arrasa demais. PELAMORDEDEUS!!
Love this
The Best!  💕💕💕
Never had suck a fellings sing
so good!
😍
♥♥♥♥
La música, llenguatge universal - Music, universal language.
BILLBOARDS HERE WE COME
Do You Wanna Come Over? 😂😂
i love the songs of Pink!
I thought it was Just Like Fire at first play haha
I love this song. Déjà vu
P!nk is the best ( from morocco) ❤
This is amazing Xx
You never cease to amaze me with those perfectly timed albums =( man is this so goddamn relatable. I cannot put into words how on point this is but *big hugs* we pull through always. keep fighting!
Im praying that Just Like Fire is gonna be on her new album!
I'M WAITING FOR HER COLABORATION WITH EMINEM !!!
♥👄♥👏
INLOVE.
Finally. This is awesome
😍😍😍
Beautiful!!! 😍😍😍
I just can't turn it off.👍👍👍💓💓💓
OMG, best of 2017 ?
So
THE BEST PINK!👏👏👏
Go p!nk
strong back
Looooooove this song ❤️❤️ Omg
Pink for Superbowl!!
💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💗💗💗💗💗💟💟💟💟
❤
sounds like Just Like Fire
#TÜRKLERHERYERDE
The best song 👍👍👍
Love this song ❤😍
https://www.boombang.nl
😍😍😍😍😍😍
Who's here before 1 MILLION??? \nPut hands up 🙃  I don't care P!nk  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
Whoever dislikes this ily 💖 bc I hate this song to
I love this this mutherfucker crazy brilliant love him lol
Russell could've done that segment all by himself.  This was her worst interview imo constantly asking about the past,  katy perry and even amy winehouse, really?
He is so sexy.. He's the type to start a cult and I'd follow him
i love his energy!!! lol
He is funny love him
Russell talking about swimming in chocolate waters then there's a shot of 2 black women?! #ShadyCameraman at work again. 😂💀
This guy is weird in a way that his presence is too heavy
I can't watch this...he is too much.
I so  get him.
I have always found his humor awesome and out spokeness
6:55 Russell is so smart ♡
I liked how inclusive he was when he was taking about childbirth and said ...men need to know, or same sex partners also. What a great guy.
He said he ain't exploit the chickens yet. LMBAO. I could chill with this dude all night. That one crazy white friend every black man needs in his life.
Wendy can't handle him. His mind and his  personality is too big for this platform.
This was a great interview, hilarious and deep.I feel like I was high watching him. I enjoy him but can only take him in doses. 😂😂
his mind goes a mile a minute - so fast, so witty
who he...
Phwoaaar aren't you lovely 😫😫😂😂
omg i love russell!!!
Cant not love the Russ!
He's fungly.
Lordy! How charming
Creaming punching lunatic joke had me on the fucking floor 😂😂😍😂😂
3.18 my favourite part
Best interview. Funny/informative
Wendy is insufferable.
I love him
I LOVE HIM!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
His answers sound like rehearsed monologues.  Does anyone here think these are impromptu responses or is this how he really carries on conversations?
Told her to work on her poker face lol it was a diss but he did it so quick and with the right words omg it took her a second to realize it. I like wendy but hes better at reading people
I dont like him for katy perry poor of her☹️ hes wierd😑
Hahaha!!! I love Russell Brand! He is always so funny and so him! No one else like him!
I love this man....he is so intelligent, its unbelievable! Great show!!
Wendy did not know what to do with this guy? SHE WASN'T READY !! LMAO
This interview was so good. LOL. Laughs galore.
He was such a delight to watch! Loved this interview ❤️
why when someone writes a book all of a sudden they come a best selling author like who still buys books anymore people leak PDF's for free
I wanna talk about your book but I haven't looked at it.
oh my lord he's iconic
His voice and accent lol
I love this guy!
Something seriously wrong when he isn't gay.
How could you not love this man ❤️❤️
Well I didn't know Russell was woke. Don't go missing Russell
It's thought, Russell, not fawt. It's the only language you speak, Lassie, and it's not that hard to get it right.
OMG \nDude is straight up hilarious!\nFires on all cylinders.
I knew this would be interestong to watch. He really has made himself a blessing to this world. :) good job Russ
Well isnt he a fruit
After what he did to Katy, he disgusts me...
Wendy is so false. Is she autistic ? Comes across very strange.
Russel Brand should read up on borderline personality disorder.
He is an intelligent, spiritual person that believes in growth.
Wendy could not handle his quick wit, vocabulary, and his intelligence 😂
Ive always loved him and amired him so much. such a smart person .
I love Russell, I always have!
Wendy was being weird in this interview. She had a stink face on, wouldn't engage him in any of his banter, like she was above him or something. She kind of just moved to the next thing every time he said anything. When she did laugh or smile it was forced and fake. With every question it seemed like she never cared to wait for an answer and just wanted to move to the next one. Like she wasnt interested in anything he had to say. I don't think she likes personalities that are stronger than hers.
The entire part when he said he woke up in a refugee camp I was deadddddd\nI don't know how I ended up in there! it was very difficult!💀💀
Russell Brand adore you I wish Katy and you could still be together.You are hilarious.
Wendy, girl, learn to have fun and take people as they are. Russell has a lot of energy, is so smart so stop undermining him. its not like your show is as enlightened as he is, get with it mama. Be nice! be professional 😒
You cant not love Russel hes funny AF! Like a hyper puppy, but hes very intelligent and throws shade quicker than Wendy blinks!
I love his interviews. Crazy fella 😂
He's definitely one of a kind - he's so unpredictable and woke, his mind is so interesting.
This was the best interview I've ever seen on Wendys show. They should have had him for 2 hours so Wendy wasn't so stressed.
Love his guy
I love him
I’m not usually into the long haired , bearded skinny jean wearing skinny types but there is just something so attractive about this guy. \n\nHe is so honest, so humble , so self deprecating  but yet confident and gentleman like. He had a sort of glimmer and kindness in his eyes. Like the type who would donate a lot of money to charity but would do it anonymously. \n\nI always remember the story he told about when he wrote a letter  to Serena Williams propositioning her as he had a huge crush on her.  He knew the story made him sound like an utter fool but still told it. \nGuys who can laugh at themselves are very attractive.
She act'n like hes not high LOL, she must be having Whitney Houston flashbacks, ijs
Funny how the Americans love him. He's so annoying and talks rubbish.
This was hilarious! The American audience didn’t seem to get the English humour in fact they seemed taken aback by some of the stuff he came up with which by English standards were quite mild, Wendy on the other hand was trying to get him to say something controversial about his ex wife but he’s too smart a man to fall for her juvenile low blows
What is this celebrity smack head challenge?  This lefty is as deluded as they come!
He’s a comedian don’t forget. I love comedy that brings you higher. OMG too enlighten for this show. Wendy needs to not ask about Katy  he’s married and watch out trump will try to sue you Russ
This is amazing!!! Seeing Wendy not know how to deal with him is hilarious!
I. Love. This. Interview!!! lol\n\nHe's awesome!
I love his so much, he’s so hilarious 😂
Netflix needs to use some of that money they're getting from that price raise, and give Russell a comedy special.
I'm really bout to buy this book though lol
ok so at first i was like wtf and why?
English humour at its best . Enjoyed the interview . Refreshing to have someone intelligent on there .
He's definitely the most fun guest Wendy has ever had 😊
Wendy tried it.\nI'm not sure why but I really like him
'Ivanka trump, Donald trump and melana 💀trump, the trumps' HILARIOUS 😂 love him sm 😩
omg!! hahahahahahaha he has me laughing!
he does make laugh bloody lunatic!
😂😂😂😂😂🤦‍♂️
Funniest celebrity interview ever!
Lmno
😂😂😂😂 Russell 👍🏼
He is soo fake.
He is amazing
He killed it😂👊🏽
Still waiting for Hop 2 😁😁😁
Such a babe😁
He is so refreshing!!
soooo freaking funnny!!
Good Cheer, nice human, relatively harmless.
love him
Dang. Those hands are huge !
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 I love him
Russell Brand is the one person Wendy Williams  could not Handle!.  Go Russell.   Lol
has he actually gained some weight ??
Or just chill with your high school friends cause all their dumb asses went to community college or crappy state schools?
I still live in my crappy hometown. I hate it here.
when your hometown is more of a big city...
I moved to your hometown, mine sucked.
I wish my hometown had a Cheesecake Factory in the nice (and only) mall!!! You have to drive all the way to Atlanta for a Cheescake Factory!!
An airport!? AND A MALL!?
We don't even have any of those where I live...
I grew up in manhattan 😊 love living here still
My hometown has 12 churches, 7 gas stations, a few different fast food chains, some failing local restaurants, and oh yeah, 12 churches.
i'm from NYC and I went to a state college in a small town so it was literally opposite for me hahaha fuckin hated my college town but 8 years after graduating from college, i kinda SORTA miss it. not really.
That awkward moment when you see your middle school crush as a teen dad...
The only thing my hometown has is a Walmart, Krogers, and a bunch of drunks that still hang out with the same group since high school.
My hometown is so small, it doesn’t have any of these things
What with the illuminati shit in all of their videos
no one is mentioning the split second illuminati symbol
Did I see a pyramid with an eye in the middle of a shot?
i love all the illuminati pictures they flash in all of their videos
Arlington Texas man.. I gotta get out of here
I went on a three week trip home for a friend's wedding and this... sums it up more than I wanted or needed. Depressing! \n\nRotterdam back to Indiana was strange.
What if the bowling alley already burned down?
Am I the only one who went back to try and pause on the Illuminati?
When your hometown is DC (or NYC) and this will somehow applies to you...
This is basically your hometown without the nostalgia filter. When you are a freshman in high school you would picture it as the All-American small town. When you're older, you realize how much of a dump it is.
This hit home a little to literally
My hometown is genuinely the best. It's a 5 minute drive from the mall of America, a 10 minute walk from a waterfall/hiking trail, it has a nice ass airport, and our college teams are pretty good
hahahaha like I've got the money to move out of my home town
Like 5/10 on accuracy with mine.
Ok but actually my hometown consists of my f***in house and my crappy parents . Just wanna leave when I'll turn 18 next year
This is my hometown, but my hometown doesn't have a zoo and half of the stores in the mall are closed down.
we don't even have a mall or an airport, they're the next town over. the closest zoo is like an hour away, and the closest cheesecake factory might be 2 hours away. I can't wait to get out of here.
My home town is so much crappier than this
My home town was one of the biggest in that area\nand still counted as 15000 people.\nyeah,no kidding
My local nice mall had a theater, two really nice restaurants, a pet store, game store, mattress store, clothes store, a large fountain in the middle, and a room used by a driving instructor. Now half of those are closed, the theater and one restaurant sadly, and it is used as a nice place to walk because it is one floor and one big loop. Edit: I also lived 20 minutes from it.
My hometown has less than 2000 residents.. no stop lights..one gas station..one tiny post office..a volunteer library that used to be a house..one volunteer fire department.. That's it. I still love visiting there though.
Lol love the game illuminati symbol in the middle. (At 1.55)
That nice mall sounds better than the nice mall in my hometown. It's one hallway on a single floor. Only good thing about my hometown is the natural scenery and the pizza. Best pizza in the world in my opinion. Other than that, it's a pretty crappy hometown that I was pretty happy to get away from. Really miss that pizza though.
Man this hurt, I'm still in my ghetto ass hometown
my hometown has only one thing on this list & thts a church
nice try, my hometown is london
Hometowns are great, not crappy at all dude.
Can I ask why this is all true
This guy should make a collab with keith from buzzfeed
I was born in the biggest city of my country so....
This is just depressing.
Y is there an illumunati sign in every single video
My hometown is on O'ahu soooo.... Le's go beach.
I don't understand what this is supposed to be making fun of. The fact that the whole world is not one mega-metropolis? Or is it how unattractive a proposition to go visit your family is if they live in some small town? If that's the case obviously everyone realizes you don't have to go to the weird smelly bowling alley, it's not mandatory. Test your ideas out on someone objective before you actually spend the money to make the video.
The worst part is that there is s Cheesecake Factory near my hometown
Wtf was the Illuminati symbol about?
Have you seen where I live
I'm going to college in a town that's smaller than that, jeez
I feel bad for CollegeHumor, they never reach the 10 minute mark T^T
my hometown is like 6 different places. i haven't lived in one place for more than 4 years in my entire life
I come from a small town of 1500 people. Half of which live in the country.
One nice mall with a Cheesecake Factory and that fountain that kids play in...\n\nHow do they know....
My hometown doesn't have any of these attractions except for the barber shop, high school, and church...
haha yes visiting my trailer park where you get shot by a hick if you're gay. love that place. I got jumped there when i was 12 so im okay
Yeah I know Miami sucks, it's all about that middle of no-where kansas life style ammirite?
Unless you live in Napa and everyone wants to go there 😂
all my home town had was the school parking lot after hours  oh and the gas  station
That home town sounds huge! It had a zoo and two malls? We had a alcohol store at gas station called the mall. \nWe did indeed have a bowling alley though, and a sports restaurant/bar thing next bowling alley. \nOur closest airport was a half hour away in the state capital, it had I think four gates, well, I guess we did have an airport, I don't think anyone I have ever known has ever gone there though, and I'm not sure if any flights that actually went there either... \nAnd my hometown wasn't even small, it was biggest city in the county!
The cop who has been on the force 40 years
Lmao my hometown is chicago one of the most populated cities except not anymore because the cops and cps sucks....
Anyone see the Illuminati
What if you're actually from a big city and moved to live in a crappy small town away from your family at 18?
I have to drive 4 hours to get to the nearest Cheesecake Factory
1) I never left my home town\n2) A zoo? A good mall (implying not only having a mall, but having more than one?!)? an airport for something other than private planes? non-school busses? What kinda fancy town did YOU grow up in?!
This is to real
Jesus is this Traverse city
Zoo? Airport? Mall? Bar? What is you hometown?!?! The best place in my hometown in the Walmart. Every other store is closed down and if you want to eat anything other than fast food, it's either Mexican or Chinese. I envy you. The zoo and mall are an hour away. The bar is 30 minutes. The airport is 2 hours. That is my life.
I lived in Washington my home town is pretty fucking awesome
This spoke to me on a spiritual level
One nice mall? We don't even have one mall.
started it in 144p, switched to 720p missed the fitting 144p, then they brought it back without me having to push a button. pheuph!
Oh my god the quality.
Y'all should make a video about Community College. It's not that bad... but sometimes it feels like this.
My home town has a big greasy pole that we climb up once a year and a school.
These videos used to be good\nWhat happened
It actually sound like a good place.
I like my hometown. Then again, I lived in a priveleged suburban area near Philedelphia  . . .
Used to think Katie had the best videos but now Grant is really hitting them out of the park.
This the good shit dank af will see you later babe
my tri-county area has one mall. it's pretty nice compared to most malls I've seen, but no cheesecake factory (that's on the otherside of my city)
My town doesn't even have a mall or anything, or a good airport. all it has is a tiny little plane or 3, OR a zoo..
My hometown is New York😏
░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░ ░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░ ░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░ ░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░ ░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░ ░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░ ░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░ THIS IS BOB ▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀  ▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░ COPY AND PASTE HIM, ░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░ SO, HE CAN TAKE ░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░ OVER THE INTERNET░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░ ░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░ ░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░ ░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░
This a nice hometown, niggas over here don't got mall or sushi
My hometown is Chicago sooooo I don't think I'll have issues with visiting
This is all too true
....excuse me but what kind of small, shitty homewtown has an airport???
But how do I deal with the six girls I'll see there?
You Illuminati !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The iluminatti hahaha
My hometown doesn't suck tho
Mine has even less😂😂😂
Sounds like Lexington ky
Yo we prefer disabled to handicapped
Boise Idaho
airport? what airport!
oh you don't live in a big city you go fucking die you plebes. I mean i live in the I.E. and most of what he said was true in a way but i like a bit more satire then hahahah you live in a bedroom community and get the runoff of the big cities like L.A.
CG muzzle flashes is kinda bunk it looks good on screen but in my opinion but it would of been a lot cooler if it was a fully functional firearm instead of just the trigger functioning that would of been one of the coolest guns to take to the range
the new one looks on the barrel bbut the original's handle is so much cooler
how much did the one with the wood handle cost?
Should of based the new gun on a Luger i feel like if you modded it right it would function and look awesome.
Now the real question is will they help those who are interested in the parts of the gun (if it is made of any real items not completely sculpted new) with showing them what its made of. Or will it be another 20+ years of fans working together.
Adam review 2049 please !!! I wanna hear what you think.
Do we really need more videos about guns right now? Plus the movie is boring garbage.
Sorry to say but the movie was dumb, I didn’t understand it
Adam Savage, what a damn savage.
2:32 Hans Zimmer recording his score in the background
i was really waiting for Doug to be like well you can keep one if you like that would have been awesome lol
Most iconic handgun? More so than Dirty Harry's 44 magnum? Bond's Walther PPK? Robocop's Autopistol? I mean, yeah, it's a cool gun, but I don't think it makes the top 10 of things  that come to mind about Blade Runner.
although I respect the work and effort put into the new blaster, I just don't like the new design of it... just looks like your typical futuristic pistol, doesn't look as iconic and special as the first blaster
movie was crap
Adam's hat, anyone?
My precious!...
Meh
Idk if this info exists but in the world of Blade Runner 2049, what caliber does that gun shoot?
Did anyone else notice the Jack Daniel's bottles ?
Can Doug and his crew redo the weapons for Alien: Covenant? That was such a cop out for them to use basic AR-15s and Steyr AUGs instead of coming up with something original like in Aliens.
Didn't like the new one. It's a beautiful desing, ok, but it lacks the mix of old and new, the revamped art deco look that made the original Blade Runner so influential and unique.
Not a particular fan of this new blaster design. I can't quite put my finger on it. :s
I love to see someone as acomplished as Adam get all giddy over something.
Where's the latest This Is Only a Test podcast?
They made it grey and generic, nice
He needs to learn how to trim his beard properly. Looks silly that high up.
How disappointing that you guys didn't even bother showing us close up comparisons. Verging on pointless!
Next gen gun is ok but they should have kept the grips closer to the earlier version.
music at the end... Vangelis?
New gun looks like a super soaker
Why does it have two holes at the end?
Looks like Timecop Beretta with ugly handle. Original is much better.
Still surprised there isn't any Blaster homage in Destiny.
I wonder if Adam is capable of being disappointed, or if his excitement and enthusiasm always carry him beyond his expectations? I have a feeling that Ridley Scott could stub a cigarette out in a dog turd and Adam would be waxing lyrical about the aesthetics.\n\nI mean, the props do look good (as you might expect on a $150million+ production!) but I strongly suspect that however they looked he'd struggle to see anything wrong with them.
Damn it you lazy bastards! Get off yer asses and take & upload a cam already!!
Does Adam Savage Dream of Electric Sheep? Probably not but I bet he dreams of building the 2049 Blade Runner Blaster! ;-)
Adam please made me a accurate blaster please of Deckard. with flasing fire and sounds and heavy handguard
I just realized, is Adam wearing his hat...backwards? xD
I know they're fake guns, but my heart stopped when I saw Adam pointing it right at that dude's chest
And I bet Doug was thinking Adam is such a legend
It's funny. I really don't care about most of this nerdy stuff, but I really enjoy Adam and appreciate the craftsmanship of the people who make these props and replicas so I watch anyway.
Honestly... the reason movies these days loose the excitement of older movies is because everything is CG! If you're making a gun, make it fire! Stop going the cheap and easy route of making fake props!
Where is the boring bald chap?
2 Blasters. Not a spectrum of Blasters, Adam.
That red ducati in the back is so sick too.
cg muzzle flashes look like crap. the issue isnt the flame itself, its the way it (doesnt) light the things around it realistically.
You get to get to do some way cool stuff Adam!!!!
Beautiful pieces. I adore watching Adam get so excited about props and design. It is so wonderful to see a person be so passionate about his craft and his fellow craftspersons. Adam's the ultimate prop-tart and we love him for it.
I love that jacket at the start and finish.
Adam and his Blaster again 😂
God that seems like such a cool job!
Will replicas be available soon. And if so, where do I find them? I''m desperate to buy one but don't know where to look.
How to make Adam nerdgasm in one easy step. :-)
You can't but be happy for Adam... So happy that you got to play with the guns!
...The original blaster is probably also my favorite movie prop ever... but I might like the new one better. It's clearly inspired heavily by the original yet is wholly unique, with a fantastic color and heft. \n\nI'm not a gun guy but this is why I love futuristic weapons and tech design.
He sounds a little like Saruman!
The prop master is so Hollywood. He’s cool tho
3:50 ish\nwanted to make it as interesting as possible aka.. make it complicated as fuck so that people will shit their own brains trying to replicate it.\nHuman beings love puzzles though. IT WILL BE SOLVED.
Something about the 'new version' feel like antiques.   I would have rather seen an electric pistol with caseless rounds stacked in barrel.  It'd be much more accurate where handguns are going in the next 50 years, but.. meh.. nostalgia seems to be this movie's first master.
You just know this video was coming.
Hey, could anyone tell me what's the name of the song from the very end of the video when Adam plays with blasters?
I can easely bet a million that Adam doesn't care that much for the new guns as he does for the original, even the way he speaks ozzes with the sort of ohh, thats cool and all, but deckardsl gun is all I care mentality
How would you go about making one from scratch? The original was based off an actual gun with model pieces on it. The new one is fabricated in house.
Great Video, Beautiful guns .... check out the Whiskey Bottles in the background.
I honestly think both blasters are great
Just watching Adam being so happy is enough to like this video :)
make one day build videos...that's why I subscribed
It is not a gun if it can not fire a bullet.
Is it just me, or does the old gun look way better? The new one looks like a goofy and generic comic book rip.
Did you need a Grinectomy?
Let the boy take it home with him
Just give 1 blaster to Adam and he will turn the world upside down for you Doug)))
Implication previous alternative famous angle light comprehensive way age sequence.
At least for this iteration of gun you wont have to look at a thousand hours of vhs hold, I sure they will share the g-code files this time
3:14 I don't like that!
5:27 I loved the guns in oblivion . I know he's talking about the movie, but I find it funny for some reason
Thsnks Adam
Wrong ...most iconik gun is dirty harrys magnum.
Thank you!!
No close Ups?
That Gun
why is adams' hat brim backwards?
sorry they ruined it
That's a borderland gun lmao. Jakobs'
Nice 🔫
funny that Harlocker mentioned District 9. He's Sharlto Copley's doppelganger.
Las vegas
That Gun.
6 ounces = 170.097139 grams\n8 ounces = 226.796185 grams
Blade Runner 2049 a masterpiece movie! ❤
Get a room
CG muzzle flash, CG blood splatter, damn all of that CG crap.
seems like he realy got blasted away.....
Replicated the gun blasters...pun intended?
tested in 2049
Doug should have given credit to Tomenosuke & Adam knows better. They may have made one Hero from scratch but most of those blasters are a kit from Tomenosuke; not fabricated by hand from scratch like he is claiming.\n\nThat is why Adam is not raving over the classic blasters and is fascinated by the rubber one and the new versions.  It's because he knows what they are and has several.
After the crime spree that occurred in Las Vegas, it’s appalling that you would post this on a YouTube. Remove this video immediately or else my organization will slam the might of our collective to banish you from YouTube and every other social media site. You have been warned you trifling heathen! Damn... all you crackerz are all the same! What is it with you and weapons?????
The new blaster is shit.
CG muzzle flashes are something I'm okay with. Losing Brandon Lee to a freak accident with a blank is enough to make me not mind them using fake bullets when shooting at people.
I hate to complain but would it have killed you to take some isolated shots of the guns instead of just shooting everything with one camera?  Would have preferred some closeups to just the glimpses we see.
Fuck Americans treat dogs like their own.
tripe is a normal thing in my culture that a lot of people love lol
Dude my family and I eat tripe all the time and we put it in soup so you can’t taste the tripe 100%. But I like it honestly
Oow to be continued... I can't wait! 😄😄😄❤
I’m a Filipino and my grandmother makes THE best dinuguan and menudo!
