This songs seems so ancient, yet perfect for its time. And it's always time for Radiohead.
найс забайтили с машины, ублюдки
Ну да, я бы сказала,  что идея слизана на 85% у Макаревича
2:52 The kid from Paranoid Android!!
Thom Yorke fit watch 2k17
Timeless band
Макаревичу приветы 👋😁
2:55 Yay, a King Charles Cavalier.
Thom Yorke with a manbun disgusts me, what hipster scum. Get fucked.
You are robbers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JkjupxFCe4
all them biness folk @ 1:38
🙌🏻👋🏿
Это плагиат граждане
Visual vitamins for eyes!
Aneh tapi keren
Is this copypaste?     https://news.mail.ru/society/30997708/?frommail=1
Good pop
Всё это уже было здесь: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JkjupxFCe4
Oscar Hudson - PLAGIARIST !
פאקינג פיקוד שבת
Rogues!
Wow. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JkjupxFCe4&feature=share
Thom rocking the Thoros of Myr look
$limeyyy af dood ; tom yorke iz totally a Slimydood
❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️❤️😔😔👏🏻😔😔😔❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❄️🌟🌟🌟
oh wow radiohead made me cry again
Trippy
Damn, I miss this Radiohead
Absolutely love Jonny's tone.
2:54 - the guy from paranoid android
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IiiWocDLJk
This is from *NAH OkComputer*
Do you even
Sex.
MAKAREVICH - FOREVA
great sound
2:52 the guy from Paranoid Android
Макаревич мудак
Awesome video!!!!!! welldone Radiohead
my love
Макаревич негодует!
fucking amazing
Кто от Макаревича лайк!!!
Fue lo mejor que pudieron hacer al guardar esta joya en la era del Ok computer... Tal y como lo dijeron, se hubieran hecho más famosos y llegarían a odiarla como a Creep.
12 y 32 am en Perú y es lo mejor del día
Watch Машина времени - Место где свет and you will know where is art!
2:52 Robin!!!!!
Meh...
Thanks from Argentina
I love radiohead.
This is plagiarism... https://youtu.be/9JkjupxFCe4
Really love what they're doing with the new content. It's a shoutout to their roots the way only they can make music, and it incorporates a modern feeling with an appreciation of both pop and non pop sounds.
Rip off of book of life
Someone tell me what’s thanksgiving date we don’t celebrate that
Now I dont have to watch it. Trailer gave everything away.
Seems they really dove deep to research he heart of latino culture to try and make this movie genuine. I mean the chancla really sold it for me
Music in the background?
All art is derivative...movies, music, cartoons, films. Everyone borrows from everyone.The end result of any new endeavor, however, results in that project being unique in its own way (unless you've blatantly ripped off another's work with word-for-word dialogue, etc).\n\nPixar's Toy Story? Similar to the novel The Brave Little Toaster. A Bug's Life ? Based on the 1954 movie The Seven Samurai. Frozen ? Based on the Danish book The Snow Queen.\n\nThis movie being similar to The Book of Life would just be a continuation of the tradition, although this seems to borrow a little too heavily, visual-wise...
Please tell me this isn't disneys attempt to have a political voice in the border control issue in our country.
Where are my people who were at the animation panel at D23???
Wow Book of Life 2 looks amazing
They got the *FUCKING MEXICAN CHANCLA JOKE IN THERE IM SOLD.*
Book of life 2 hmm ok
Looks similar to the book of life.
The Book of Life looks a bit different
Boycott this movie . It's the book of life knock off .
The next TOP Animation movie all the time.!!
What's the background song?
Am I tripping or has this been a movie before???
It is lowkey like the book of life not gonna lie 😂
I really want this movie to do well, but I have a feeling it might go the same route as The Good Dinosaur or Cars 3 :/
Hopefully this movie is a lot better than the trailer. I'm Hispanic but Pixar has not been putting out hits and misses
This movie will never play in my country illegal movie
Man, this promises to be a stunning work of visual arts.
When do you think people die? When they are shot through the heart by the bullet of a pistol? No. When they are ravaged by an incurable disease? No. When they drink a soup made from a poisonous mushroom!? No! It’s when… they are forgotten.\n- Dr. Hiriluk from One Piece\n\nThat's what I came to my mind when watching this trailer. :)
i just want to watch the short i dont have time for this
We all are still waiting for incredibles 2 and toy story 4... -_-
It be nice to see a movie about something other than dia de los muertos when doing a movie about Mexican culture
I got REALLY excited when I saw find your voice. Only to scroll down to see that it's not by Chip Skylark and get immediately disappointed...
I love this, I can't wait to see it
Reminds me a bit of Spirited Away
they literally wrote this after me... 😧
Half of the people will be there just for frozen
I know this is the worst place to put this comment but im 12 and is it weird that instead of masturebating i dry hump pillows are there others or is it just me
cough Book of life knock off
Very similar to the book of life
I thought the dog was named Coco..??
That... almost seemed like a Beetlejuice reference.
Man this is a pretty big meh.
Man, what an original movie that is totally unique and isn't a carbon copy of a movie whose name rhymes with The Book of Strife.
I don't know if I should bother seeing this one. After watching 2:09 I'm pretty sure I've already heard the best joke of the movie.
Kubo and the Two Strings + The Book of Life = Coco
Book of life and kubo and the 2 strings but not as uniquely animated
Now the beaners have a movie... Way to go Disney.... Fucking Inclusive
Kubo and the Book of Life
I'm not feeling this one.\nSorry Pixar.
Not really grabbing me. Then again, Pixar always makes crappy trailers to great movies. Still going to watch it.
Can we just acknowledge the chuncla swinging that happened. A+ for authentic use of a flip flop.
I have to watch this movie.
This would probably be a movie that I would actually like from pick star
This is such a cute movie.
The book of life on steroids
I wonder if there's anyone in the comment section saying Trump supporters aren't going to watch this movie because of...
Lol bro don't use my culture and play with my sympathy. For profit lol as*hole
Basicly a remake of the Book Of Life
I hope this movie does not get deported
Book of life rip off?\n\nBring on the Disney USA brand racism!
PUTA MADRE (the only Mexican word I know lol)
it's, it's just, it's book of life
Don't let this distract you from the fact we about to shell out 1k for a phone
Wasn't this already made?
We won't be seeing this on NETFLIX 😞
This is a book of life rip off
Why do all the Mexican pixar films involve guitars?
The Book of Life didn't live up to my expectations, the animation style wasn't my favorite and there were some scenes that didn't sit well with me. I hope Coco is different, the animation looks worlds beyond BOF at least, and I like the idea that it follows a young boys adventure in order to follow his dreams without the romance plot.
The child acting seems pretty bad in this movie...
Man i want toy story 4
A Disney movie with a Mexican protagonist, finally
We promise its not\n the book of life
Sooooooooo damn exited for this..... 😍😍😍💝🤓
Suscribe te y me sucribo
Whats with this diversity trend nowadays?
Kubo was already done
Tim Burton and Spirited Away vibes ❤
Beaner Spirited Away
lA CHANCLA
bitter sweet symphony？
Who else got some Beetlejuice vibes at 1:09 ?
Song
not very interesting
ALEBRIJES!!!
Also known as lame Spirited Away...
disney be promoting some diversity lately.
Disney here to exploit another social dynamic... \n\nSigh...
Book of Life 2.0
Tim Burton's Corpse Bride anyone??
Filling the Mexican quota?
hmmm...Book Of Life 2?
Book of Life + Kubo
XD 💛💜💚
Looks dumb
Wow to edgy
The trailer looks wonderful
Something worth watching🔥
shimmy shimmy cocobop?
Looks good 'Book of Life 2 ' \nヽ(ヅ)ノ
Dis gonna be best movie, guaranteed
Looks kinda cool
Y para todos ustedes que *Viva México* 🌵
I just hate how every movie based in Mexico is about the same things and uses the typical stereotypes smh
They all got deported
Please tell me the Grandma doesn't die.
Is this a pro hanzo
Dude Perfect needs a Snapchat 😱\n\n\n\n\nLike if you agree!!!
Cory looks like the kind of guy who's brother told him aliens existed and he shoved a potato up his ass to keep him from being probed.
Who wants a dude perfect live stream face cam qna?
BEST NERF AD EVER! 11 million views in 2 days XD
Whoever subs me you will get subbed back.
BRASILLLLL POHAAAAA ❤👊👊👊👊👊
amazing video. i really love it.😍😍😍😍
Stumbled onto this. Man this shit is getting really old. Nothing is amazing.  And nothing gets any response but the same damn response they have for EVERYTHING.
Why dont yoy guys use your skill in arcade like a throwing basketball gamr to earn stuff?
At this rate they'll get more subs than Smosh
Hey guys nice vid. Other youtubers if u like trick shots and what more check out my channel upload weekly and I would really appreciate it.
do a mom edition
You've done pogo stick tricks cars, Jeep's, where are the bikes scooters and skateboards guys
send these guys to  nxt Olympics... archery gold medal is 100℅ guarantee! 😁
It's fucking annoying when they start screaming after everything
Their reactions look so forced...and i don't want to say this but this episode was boring...
Did the red balloon make anyone else think of Pennywise?
last time i checked u had 3 mil subs...
How did you guys get so good at that???? Far as that goes any of these tricks???
Lol he said he was going 40 and this other mans said he was going like 100 I'm dead
Worst channel i have ever seen Like if u not agree
Wow, that dude perfect is one hell of an athlete!! And a pretty fart-smeller!! I mean pretty smart, o, screw it, the previous one is good enough.
is Good  games video
Mom's edition will be good
Guys can you do trick shots on table tennis .
At 25 million subs do a panda face reveal
I always wonder how many hundreds of takes they need to do this. All just gagging to do that celebration.
Your videos are so excited
Crazy how a channel like this can become so popular. It's awesome
I can't believe I actually used enjoy watching this cringe
Your vids are awesome \nsometime I think your trick shots\nA not real but the are real
This is the first video I've seen Panda appear in for a while now
I wonder when they won't be able to fake getting hyped over lame shit anymore
Do a mini golf trick shots
i liked the 4 corner smash
Their running out of ideas lmfao
On THE HIGH SPEED GONG RINGER Cody said he waa going like 40, and Ty was like, he said he was going like 100!  I deserve a subscribe for that. Lol
I wonder if faking excitement gets exhausting after a while..?
Who thot IT when they saw the balloon
It's amazing how dude perfect not only puts out well edited and clean content, but after all these crazy trick shot videos they still haven't missed. Is there any trick shot they can't nail on the first try? Doubtful.
Dude perfect is the new Arrow team.
I wish the bows worked that well.
these dudes make so much money off of this shit
Man that looks really difficult they must be really accurate
These guys are fighting for number 1 best pro Hanzo player
I'm not saying that your shots aren't remarkable, but your celebrations are way WAY too much.
How much do these cost?
Need to make more complicated tricks all of these tricks are simple
What this was a ad by nerf
If you were to take away and Sponcers by dp what would it me mine is nerf
hey tyler guys love the way you make the trick shots so please make the videos a little longer people love your content so why not make more
You guys are good....but how about chapstick rocket trick shots? No idea what I'm talking about but I could tell you.
i got the perfect idea. Dominos trick edition
These guys are living my dream and making more money then I will ever make. Life isn't fair
Why does Cody always do the same shit
Y'all are nerds but ig keep doing what you like
The celebrations are lacking
Who are the 8k that don't like this?!?  What are you expecting.  These are great!
donate me a remote control cart or a drfa porfafor if you want to add me on whatsapp (049) 988542431
Hope dude Perfect is okay because of Hurricane Harvey
Does anyone know if they do these all on first try or do they constantly do it till they sucseed
1 Sub = Nothing. Nothing magical will happen if you sub my channel or like my comment. Nothing magical will happen to your channel either if I sub yours or like your comment. \n\n1 Like = Nothing. \n\n1 Stopping writing stupid comments like this forever = Marry your crush or whatever the shiz stupid fantasy wish you have will come true.
These guys are smooth in there sayings
please subscribe to me I just started and I’ll be posting really cool trampoline still subscribe please
YOU DON'T HAVE TO LOOK AT THE SHOT ONCE YOU'VE LINED IT UP PERFECTLY
Do card throwing truck shot 2
Good video
Do you speak indonesian?
why are 27 subscribe.....ammmmmmmm......FELING so||||||| SAD|||||
Ryuu ga waga teki wo kurau!
Wow beautiful ♥
Got em
bloopers
hi
where did you guys bought these nerf bow? awsome!!  :)
Amazing
keep going DP ur awesome
imagine having these dudes lives
You guys rock
Do egg yolk balloon battle
Swingflip edition?
Çeviriye bak aq
bruh wtf is this my brother really watches this
Pure awesomeness...
Mom's edition
OMG 22M Subs And These Views!
Bad Edition
4 corner smash
bow battlle
Awesome people
so cool
Whahais
donthaveanycomment
Yes, panda!!!
Mom \nEdition | Dude Perfect????
1million attempts later...
Yes panda
omg
Wonder how many takes
the song is so catchy dammit! XD
Can you do a video on chicky chicky parm parm?
I.....what did I...who the f....I can't even don't.
J U I C Y !
my chicken breast bounces on the chopping board, what does this mean?
This is an amazing channel.......
1:50 an just throw that in the onion
Did that lady bug want to be on camera
I recently found this guy and oh my God am I glad I did cuz holy shit I love it
I actually threw up during this video... not a joke, spent 20 minutes cleaning my tub
Reagan made the mistake of amnesty first with security to follow (it didn’t).dem subsidy payments to insurance companies that inflate outrageous prices under Obamacare using daca/dapa to abuse citizens
Why don't you have more subscribers this video is life (and also death by salmonella)
just made a bustvideo for a viewbotter, check it out!
Why does this guy sound like Bob Belcher from Bobs Burgers???
You're quickly becoming a legend
I heard my local fire station tried this juicy chicken recipe (specifically the mustard one). Right as they finished, the fire engine caught aflame and they actually put it out with the juice from this chicken. It's that good. Tragically their chicken was dry after the effort and they had to make a new batch.
how tf do you only have 800k subs? Youre a fucking God
can you imagine this guy is actually a professional chef who also makes music lmao
Mastercard at 1:10 \n\nYes.  Deserved.  Keep it up, young man!
I wasn't eating salmon so I didn't get salmonella poisoning.
Where the hell has this channel been my whole life
OMFG Can i please become a mod for your channel so i can stop spam???
I'm glad I'm not the only one that has black pepper residue on the top of my stove.
I died and came back to life, from salmonella poisoning
We are about...to do a Postmates delivery for...Blake...
I'm glad I found this channel lmao
I'm so confused, is this real advice or will I get sick?
Yo do a Lemon Demon music collab. Great video all the time.
Each video I have to get higher and higher to understand
Oh man split that breast in half stuff it with jalepeno and Philadelphia cream cheese wrap it in bacon and put it on the grill,flop it till the bacon is brown  let cool for 15 minutes and eat it up.
Instructions unclear dead baby in oven
Wait I'm new to this. Should I trust this info? I feel like I should. I hope I get salmonella.
Can we get an educational episode on the *history and culture* of pepper pepper pepper through the lens of YSAC?
I can picture some one taking a bite into that chicken breast and than just drown.
I cook that fucker frozen ! don't set it out to thaw, It take about 90 minutes . It is juicy because the ice soaks\n in the breast ! no kidding
The graveyard scene killed me 😂
I'm thoroughly offended by you saying i suck at cooking, i think i'm going to kill myself but first, a word of the wise. Being mean to people over the internet is not a very nice thing to do. When you say that someone sucks at cooking they may become suicidal like me, you don't want that coming out of your severely toxic channel, now do you? Here is a place you can go for help if this persons video has offended you\nNational Suicide Prevention Lifeline – Suicide prevention telephone hotline funded by the U.S. government. Provides free, 24-hour assistance. 1-800-273-TALK (8255). (National Suicide Prevention Lifeline)\n \nNational Hopeline Network – Toll-free telephone number offering 24-hour suicide crisis support. 1-800-SUICIDE (784-2433). (National Hopeline Network)\n \nThe Trevor Project – Crisis intervention and suicide prevention services for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning (LGBTQ) youth. Includes a 24/7 hotline: 1-866-488-7386.\n \nState Prevention Programs – Browse through a database of suicide prevention programs, organized by state. (National Strategy for Suicide Prevention)\n \nCrisis Centers in Canada – Locate suicide crisis centers in Canada by province. (Canadian Association for Suicide Prevention)\n \nBefrienders Worldwide – International suicide prevention organization connects people to crisis hotlines in their country. (www.befrienders.org)\n \ntxt4life – Suicide prevention resource for residents of Minnesota. Text the word LIFE to 61222 to be connected to a trained counselor. (txt4life.org)\n \nIASP – Find crisis centers and helplines around the world. (International Association for Suicide Prevention).\n \nInternational Suicide Hotlines – Find a helpline in different countries around the world. (Suicide.org)\n \nSamaritans UK – 24-hour suicide support for people in the UK (call 08457 90 90 90) and Ireland (call 1850 60 90 90). (Samaritans)\n \nLifeline Australia – 24-hour suicide crisis support service at 13 11 14. (Lifeline Australia)
Why remove the skin which contains natural chicken oil but then add additional oil. Lol
Can we get a face reveal at 1 million subs?
A calm version of howtobasic
I didn't wish my chicken peace when I put it oven. It that okay or will my chicken be burnt?
he sounds like the male version of tina from bobs burgers
Ladies, it it girl gay to eat chicken???🤔🤔🤔🤔 I mean, you're eating a chicks breast...😲😲😲🤔
I love the songs at the end of the videos
my goal is to be the girl ysac sings about at the end of his videos
Do you think you could  clean your car with chicken juice ?
ive always been baffled by his editing ofc, but a squirting fucking chicken breast is just blowing my goddamn mind right now
YSAC really should stop harassing ladybugs... its much too mature for him.
Have you ever had one of those money's \nwhere you're looking at a insect up close then it starts flying towards you so you freak out
How to basic with voice. Wtf
Did anyone else see the gnat on the cutting board @0:51?
Best tender chicken I find is pre frozen chicken and boil it.
_sssOOOO_ J U I C Y *MMMMMM-*
Hey! I know that ladybug! His name is Jonathan!
I'm on the weird side of YouTube again😵
I swear this guy's imginary ambiton's brother, but cooks instead.
Where did that last water come from? 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
I bet my ass is more juicer
*throw dat in the o n i o n on 4 hundo*
I finished it all finally.... now there is a void
YSAC is there a difference between wang and changjangling? asking for a culinary buddy.
This channel will always be one of my favorites
Already & Spaghetti blew my mind lmao
Subscribed
Omg please upload more videos!!!
HOLY SHIT DUDE YOUR 35 IN TRENDING
JUICYYYYYYY!!!!
Changjangle
Almost 800K! Congrats man!
Soooooooo juicy
Nice job getting on trending
I'm a vegetarian, oops 😂
Google duo woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooiooooooooooiiiooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo9oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooaooooOooooOoooOooOoOOoOoOoOOOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ok oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooeatstereggooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo9ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo9oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo9ooowww 😊
fucken died when the ladybug showed up
Medium Rare Chicken mmmmmm
Do cauliflower rice!
SOOOOOO JUICYYY MMM!
What happened to pimblokto??
738 people are master chefs.
Yesss
I prefer Chef Missancio
you sound like bob belcher
Tastes good
I hate chicken breasts
YOU SIR suck at cooking
Pro tip, video ends @ 2:32.
Did that chicken breast just squirt? 😂
Raw chicken on a porous cutting board? Nope.
Juicy my ass where is my caramelization
sooooo juicy
BLAND
bhenchod XD
Meh
That chanl iz 4 chef p p
#29 on trending :0
Wtf did I just watch 😂
Just go to kfc
WHAT😕
I've been binge watching your channel this week and I've been inspired or something like that. \n\nI have a pressure cooker I have been too afraid (mostly too lazy) to try because I lost the manual (and I don't want to accidentally blow up my house). But today I'm trying it.\n\nBasically I rubbed my half-frozen pork loin with a bunch of things like Cayanne, paprika, garlic powder, red pepper flakes, pepper pepper pepper, brown sugar, and God knows what else. Whatever just smells good together really. Then I took some bacon and I laid it on top and tucked whatever extra length underneath it. Basically I had a lot of pork in my freezer and needed to use it. I poured a can of beer in there and set it to 35 minutes. \n\nI'll let you know the results of how bad I suck at cooking. Right now it just smells good, so I think I'm on the right track. I don't know. It's creaking a lot and popping a bit too.
You should do a collab with how2basic
Hey there,\nYour Videos are amazing!\nI work for GamePro and GameStar, two gaming pages on facebook with more than 600k fans combined. Would it be ok for you if we created a video based on yours?\nWe would credit your channel/video in the top-comment and tag your FB-Page in the post's status, so that our fans could become fans of your page in a second. I think that your work could reach a lot of people who yet have to see your amazing work!\nLet me know what you're thinking.\nCheers, Philipp\n\nEspecially we're interested in the following clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twzJzolIl_A
This was dope make more!!!!:)
How'd you get through that window? Didn't think vaulting update dropped till November.
It would be so much better if you guys use drone to record so we can have a better view for what's going on. And maybe use another drone to drop rare items for you guys to loot.
where is the Pan? haHAA
Matt is the goat
looks like you guys needed a 4x
CHINA NUMBAH WAN - Now that is some authentic roleplaying right there
Do this again sometime it was freaking awesome
Camera man gives away the location
I feel the circle needs to move faster since there is less people
Looks fun! Matt and D are good teammates! Dat head shot by Matt that must have hurt like hell. What is the significance of the Energy drink? Do you regain 1 health?
I feel like D and Alex always have some kind of showdown during their airsoft vids.
You used the wrong UMP
Why is D wearing Elbow pads? His Cardio let him down here.
It was so sad when Mark went down. He called out Alex and then proceeded to get shot by D. That was so saddd T-T
Kinda disappointed you guys opt out of melee, but then again frying pan is probably OP.
I think you hit gold with this
God the bad joke in the begging followed by way too much fake laughter. Hurt me man, hurt me.
This is why Node is the best channel ever
If life was as fast as how fast that 20 second revive time was, id be dead of old age already
Clutch God Matt. damn this was really good. I really hope you guys do more of this.
I think they have recoil scripts?
12:42 Jet could've cut diamonds and parted the Red Sea with that knife hand.
Lol jets having a good ole time and Matt the try hard comes and kill everyone
I would love to see more Real Life PUBG
This looks like so much fun. I want to play this
This was really fun to watch! Please do another one of these!
What a load of s**t.
The first time I saw the cover for PUBG I thought the guy show in it was D. Even better that he's dressed just like guy!
SUGGESTION: Use an air horn for announcing the circle, at that moment everybody has to check their phone. Start a counter. After a certain amount of time you could sound the air horn rapidly twice, at this point 10 seconds remain, after which everyone not in the circle dies.
This is my local field and it is so cool to see it in a YouTube video thanks guys.
It'd be awesome to have a frying pan or two that you can grab to use as a mini shield. Nowhere to put it but i can see someone wielding it with a handgun on another hand,
Alex: niko I have the high ground \n\nNiko:you underestimate my power
Clyde get over here clyde. i found a nigger
Matt & D are Dream Team
This was great, hopefully you can do it again.
I believed in D
Oh D wins, who would have guessed.
Please do more videos like this!!!
CHINA NUMBA 1\nimmersion levels just went through the roof
Bunch of noobs using in game chat. Get a discord server next time.
What airsoft place was this shot at? Also check out the App Battlemap for a great solution to team tracking and map tracking.
Have you guys ever though of doing airsoft scenarios based on 40k? Like Guardsmen vs Orks?
Holy shit D and Matt we're dominant
Sam and Niko would have easily achieved victory if they did the famous bridge boy technique. I demand a rematch on a server with vehicles
Fake   D didn't T Bag Jet and call him a cuck after killing him.
When are you guys uploading the rp pubg video? if you are? ..it was tons of fun
This video was great, would love to see more
THE PUBG FORMAT MADE THIS WAY MORE ENTERTAINING THEN YOUR OTHER AIR-SOFT VIDEOS PLEASE DO MORE
Only thing your missing is the blue targets above ally heads with names. I love the looting effects tho.
This was awesome I dont play the game much but I hope this becomes a regular game mode for airsoft
yeaaaa more thiings that make d's head bigger
Matt's double kill and save, Alex's kill on Matt, D's headshot on Niko, and the 1v1 were the best parts.
This feels more like onward
This is Awesome! Please do more, maybe with 5 teams?
He had to specify first person only, because Corridor has played some third person games in real life through VR headsets and the camera being a drone 😂
This is the greatest!
Please do this again it was amazing
Great work guys this was amazing, and Matt with the clutch
Can you guys do more airsoft videos please?
The guy who keeps blaming his guns! Hahah, no range no range!
What? One shot? It takes like 40 in the game to get someone down
So the final battle was The Power Duo who you knew was gonna win, then Ion Kid and his Samurai Protector who earned your heart when they worked together
Matt, that was not 20 seconds xD
Lol copied from silo but I love it!
Your callouts are just terrible, why doesn't anyone has a bloody compass??
This was really boring to watch stopped watching half way threw
This game is preparing ppl for the war that's coming!! 🔫🌹
PC still has better graphics
I live a mile away from this place THis is my home field its changed a lot
Please do more like this i can watch this for hours on end 3 time im watcing this please do more
next week. bridge boys
Do more pubg airsoft super cool
CHINA NUMBER ONE hahahahahaahaha
Gosh, the graphics look hella realistic!
More pubg airsoft
pretty cool SeemGood
D scares me still.
leah the well known cheater..
cringe
15:00 Top 10 anime deaths
China number 1
16:09 Airdrop?
This looks fun
this is epic
i call hacks
the outro 100mpg
Matt's facemask looks awesome A.F.
love the into
CHINA NUMBAWANNN!!
MORE MOREMORE MORE
Needs more nades
CHINA NUMBER ONE
china #N1. hahahaha
lol first person only
The real gun shot noises being laid over the airsoft noises are very cringey so maybe next time don't add the real gun sounds plzzzzzzzzzzz
Plz do more
The correct title is ls real life h1z1
I cant stand how D always act like he a navy seal or something like chill my guy
Fleur and Mike, forever talking over each other :D
Hi lovely my name is Maryam I did your nails in Brighton, you are such nice person in real life as well x
Idk if Mike's running problem is what I think... Lol. But cyclists use a cream called chamois cream. Maybe that would help? Why am I typing this on the internet lol 😂😂😂
I always like how Mike says goodbye at the end of the vlogs.  Also I miss the cooking videos you used to do together (for the Sainsburys channel).
Okay but did Mike and Mark get on? haha
Nike sells running shorts with built in undies. A lot of college cross country athletes wear them. But they are very short!!!
Loved the vlog, as usual! If Mike's problem is chafing then the Nike Pro shorts are really good, and also an anti-chafing roll on called Body Glide. My husband runs a lot and started experiencing this problem but the above solutions fixed it!
Has Mike considered compression leggings or shorts? They really keep things packed in so no chafing and they help support your muscles and their recovery. I have some from 2XU which I really enjoy, they're quite popular in Norway.
omg, piggy and the bump put the biggest smile on my face, sooooo cuuuute!!!
You look stunning!😍😍😍😍
You two just so special and so precious! No YouTuber makes me so happy as you Fleur! You are just a Light that brightens up our lives! <3
I was in Brighton that weekend too! 😃 xx
You two are SO cute. PS--Loved Mike's ice cream! <3
any small YouTubers want to be friends ?❤️❤️
Hi  guys love this vlog on Brighton.  Sooo pretty. Cary Grant  I believe was from Brighton.  If you don't know Cary Grant,  ask your parents. We think you look good Fleur.  Love Piglet,  Squidge and Tregal too,  soo sweet!  Fleur  love your vlogs, always do a good job. Love seeing you and Mike. We are waiting for Mike to dance like Fred Astaire.  Fun Joan and Keith Bates
Love Under Armor compressions for 🏃 running!!!
Fluer! You crack me up. Its never to early to baby toys or older stages of clothing. They will need them before you know it. It moves fast! :)
.....Fleur you look bloomin  gorgeous in this video......
Love your vlogs Fleur, you look gorgeous ❤️where are your little hoops from??
Brighton is awesome
Love the vlog.  Thanks, Fleur.
18 miles way yo go!!!
FOOD LOOKS SO GOOD😍😍
Yay a vlog !! ❤️❤️ sending you love
Those games are always rigged lol
Fleur you are glowing GORGEOUS 💕❤️
should've come into Photomatic
PLEASE LET MIKE SPEEEEEEAK
Aww Mike needs those finger puppets
Favourite vlog ever 😂💕
Yay, love your vlogs xx
My miniature dachshund Chester would love piglet soooo much 😍💗
Cutest couple ever 👫💖
Loooove your vibe and your vlogs! 😄
You are glowing 😍
You look lovely Fleur, and rocking those dungarees!
Fleur looks effin gorgeous!
Ur my favorite team 😆💕 #GoDeForceFam 💖
You guys are awesome!! Hope your enjoying your week!  X
Fun vlog!  I am glad you and Mike stand up to each other!  Hahaaaa!
Thank you for this lovely video, it is really nice to play like a child made me laugh.\nYou look amazing
Well, one thing for sure, you look absolutely adorable pregnant!  Too cute!
Mike just wears a black shirt and black pants like a regular guy. Simple no need any introduction.
We stayed at the Artist Residence my blog post went live today and my vlog went live a few weeks ago from it you should check it out we also went to Red Roaster for brunch!! :)
your tummy!!!!!! I'm in love!!!!!! xxxxx
Awww I had my masters in Sussex Uni in Brighton 3 years ago, your vlog brings so much memories back to me! And as always you and Mike always make me laugh, definite couple goals!!
Aw Mike go back and get they toys for the baby so cute xxx
I think the old Taylor is alive, too. Fleur you're amazing! I am looking up to you😉
I absolutely love these vlogs! Almost typed dogs instead of vlogs because they're also adorable !
Yikes, Mike I hurt just watching you walk....pain..guy be careful!
Ooooh can't believe I didn't see you! You were right by my flat!
I got way too invested in you guys trying to get the unicorn pug, the disappointment I felt when you didn't get one was real hahahaha
Fleur, have you heard of a dad shirt? it's made by Lalabu.
I've had a claw machine pick up the toy and then release it before going back to the hole. They are rigged! It didn't slip out it opened up and dropped it 😩
Pregnant little Fleur is so adorable! You're the cutest pregnant person!
Nike pro undershorts will solve the problem! My husband runs 22 miles plus often and swears by them xx
FYI- if Mike is having aches and pains from running, swimming is supposed to be great for those muscles, but also for joints and your spine!
Bill Gates must drink himself a cup of quarters before going to bed. You guys reminded me of the Claw from Toy Story. Did you get a toy in the end? The baby will be crazy about it. No! Don't infect the baby with all that Taylor Swift shit! Let it listen to Whiplash by Metallica since Mike is such a fan! I know that it has two f-words in it but still. LOL! I'm sorry if that was insensitive. Anyway, congrats, you guys! Happy for both you. BTW, Fleur, you're already a mother of three as far as l'm concerned. You've done good job taking care of the poopies and Piggy wiggy, so you're already halfway there.
why are the dogs on a ball ban , lol
Fleur did you end up getting the pug??
You looked cute in the dungarees!  Aww, I want one of those pugs dressed like a unicorn 🦄 and Piglet is so adorable when she rubs her face with her paws 😍
What nail polish are you wearing? I love that shade.
What a coincidence! In case anyone wants to be undie twins with Mike AND wants a bargain, Luxury Travel Diary is holding an auction for £100 Runderwear voucher. Current bid is only at £7! https://www.luxurytraveldiary.com/auction/?ult_auc_id=39037 (Auction ends in a month though)
yay for vlogs! so wonderful to see you again!
Oh Fleur you always make me laugh. ...Thursday ha ha.
New What I eat in a day video on my channel!! Check it out!! https://youtu.be/Dip_tDdZ-cQ
I missed ur vlogs so happy to see ur blog today! The baby bump is so darn cute. I have two kids and I miss feeling the baby in the belly my boys r 8 and 14.
you look the CUTEST in your dungarees and metallic shoes <3
Mike should check bike shops for his rounderwear. His issue is a biking issue as well so they may have something 😊
Tell Mike to buy Bamboo underwear - Amazon - that is what my husband uses and he loves them!
Mike needs to get a pair of triathlon shorts  for that problem
Fleur don't be so self conscious you look beautiful! The dungarees look is so cute on you 💕
omg I love the new taylor swift song, especially that chorus
aww Mike, when we're doing story time
You have git the preggo walk going on haha so cute!
Love that you were in Brighton and recognised everywhere you walked from my first visit in June! Can't wait to go back love it!
Always wanted to go to Brighton! Such a cute town! Btw, you totally rocked the overalls! :) Your baby bump is starting to show! :D
Love the little hand puppets for story telling, Mike you're going to make such a good daddy! Love your videos Fleur and thanks for showing us your bump! ;)
So nice to have an update! You guys are so cute!
OMG the f'n claw!!! LOLOL Was laughing so hard with that. So addicting!! You guys are adorable.
Hahaha I absolutely loved this vlog you guys made me laugh so hard  😂
You 2, I mean 3 are adorable!!!  XOXO from Eagle Rock, CA
That Pugicorn thing was so cute!!
DO MORE VLOGS! I LOVE THEM <3
Paused this vlog at 1:08 to say that I LOVE the dungarees on you! Also, so happy to see a new vlog 😍
Ahhh love your vlogs! I'm subscribed now. Keep up the great videos.
I think overalls and long dresses look so good on pregnant woman! You need the tshirt that says, Don't eat watermelon seeds 💕
You and your dumb are so gorgeous... Mike is pretty handsome too xx
I'm trying to get pregnant... just started.  You are 100% my style icon!!!💙💙💙
You seem so happy in the video. What a fun weekend!
You look great!! Pregnancy wears well on you 😍😍
You guys always put a smile on my face! I hope Mike got his special pants to protect the Jewels DeForce! LOL :-)
Brighton looks lovely! I will definitely add them to our must see list. What is the name of the last restaurant you were at? I think I missed it. Piggles looks completely ok with the wood floors now. Glad you had a good trip! Hugs, Summer xo
Fleur you could rock a paper bag. You are beautiful no matter what. Missed seeing you both but I know you are so busy. Always look forward to your Vlogs!
On Thursday! Oh Fleur! ;)\nYou're too funny hahaha
I love that your daughter will be able to watch these videos of you and her dad : )
A lot of youtubers don't vlog anymore if it isn't an ad. Thank you Fleur for not beeing one of them <3
Come on, look at her and Mike's faces. The baby would look like an angel.
I would've kept trying until I got one of those pugs omg
You are glowing✨ simply beautiful
The coat looks amazing on you!
Eating a Magnum while watching this 😂😂😂😂 ........ my body has never been reset 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Whenever I make something with potato, before i put it in the curry or soup etc , i put the potato in the microwave for about two mins, just so speed up the cooking process because potatoes always take so much longer than everything else ! Great video, and love the coat xx
If your away again with Lilly and you don't want the same videos as her.  Why don't you do a room tour video and view and what you ate in a day.  That would make up another video.   Or a come shopping with me in whatever place your at.
❤️❤️❤️
Love this 💗
Love this so! ❤️
Loved this Anna!
more WIEIAD videos pls!!!!!!
Great vid subscribed 👌
Glad I'm not the only one who basically doubles the amount of garlic in any recipe. Extra garlic is always a must
What size coat did you go for ? Is it true to size ? X
Love your food vids as usual! But the vocal fry was very difficult to listen to .
I love this kind of videos!!
i could watch you for hours and hours!! Love videos like this, more please :-) and by the way: the coat is GOALS, i will order as well. Just for reference: which size did you order? :)
You're my favourite youtuber and absolutely love these chilled types of vlogs! Especially what I eat in a day! ❤️ much love x
This was motivation for me, thanks 😎😇
Your hair is looking soooo glossy and lovely! Updated hair care routine?! x
I love your nails in this video! What is it?!
You are truly a role model. Your vlogs are my favorite !
For a girl who has eaten loads of junk food you look fab!! Love that coat x
Thanks for the healthy motivation.  I've been on the junk food train myself.  Vegetable soup looks so yummy.  I love your new coat too!
Not Lazy! Judicious use of time. :)    Life's too short to waste time making rice
Eeek, Anna, just for future reference - Worcestershire sauce isn't suitable for vegetarians :(
Dude I've fed myself so much junk too haha. Gotta get back into meal prepping and proper cooking.
Just went to the gym for the first time in weeks and now this video pops up, guess this is a sign to live healthy again hahah - EVERYTHING LOOKS SO GOOOOOOOD 👅👅💗💗
Anna I love how honest and normal you are. Brilliant video :)
Enjoyed this real life what I eat in a day 👍🏻
Anna, that soup looked delicious! I'd like to point out though, that most worcestershire brands (including the one you used) have anchovies in them... so they're not vegan. Just a heads up for the next time you have vegan people over :)
I only discovered your channel a few weeks ago, but I already love you and your videos so much! You have such a lovely and fun personality, and your content is always on point! Your vlogs really keep me company and cheer me up when I'm feeling down :) love from Italy!! 💜
no joke eating a Block of Cadbury milk chocolate while watching this
Cinnamon Grahams are life
That soup looked amazing , defo making it tomorrow 👍🏻
Is pizza junk food? 🤔
Love this videoooooo x
Pickled onion monster munch - throw back!!!
Byyyyyeee, love you--cutest cutest cutest bean\n\nI love theeeeese eeeeeee
Aww I want more vlog ):
Looks good!
💕 ur vlogs x
So healthy and INSPIRATIONAL!🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
150% obsessed with that coat!! xoxo, caylie
Waiting for your house tour video ...
Loved your throw back to Barney the Dinosaur haha! Great video, super hungry after watching this now :)
Yet another cracking vlog! Thanks for being incredible with the content... and just in general! www.byharrison.com
Anyone know where you can find a coat like this but way cheaper??
If you love cinnamon grahams, you might like this recipe for grain-free Almond Cinnamon Crunch cereal. It's seriously SO GOOD. Plus the little squares are cute and you feel so accomplished having made your own cereal that's not muesli or granola! https://www.mynewroots.org/site/2017/08/cinnamon-crunch-cereal-hemp-milk/
Just to let you know worcestershire sauce isn't vegan as it has anchovies in it x
Your life is so soothing to watch. I love the coat! I'm looking for a coat just like that except with buttons.
You have a good attitude about food 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻\nBalance is key 🏆
We love your What I Eat In A Day videos! You always have the best recipes that we like to try out. Also, that cost looks incredible on you!\n-Ash & Shelbs xx
I just found your channel a couple weeks ago and I've been catching up and absolutely love all of your videos!
Hey Anna, have your ever tired mixing your Greek yoghurt with protein powder? I have it all the time and it is amazing for the sweet tooth 👌🏼 especially if you the 0% fat rage Greek yoghurt. Definitely give it a try, especially vanilla protein 😍 xxx
Love that coat!!! What size did you get (for reference, not nosy 😬)?
Could you do a video on your favourite cookbooks or recipes?! I'm stuck in a rut with food and needing inspiration 😊
Im eating pizza off of the oven tray while watching this x
Saw the apricot,thought I'd let you know you have a subscriber from Armenia,the homeland of apricot 😊❤️🇦🇲Apricots are amazingly healthy!
All I would love right now is a Dairy Milk Chocolate Bar ngl!! 😂😂
Hi Anna! I microwave my potatoes first to make sure they are soft. Just be sure to stab them first. I can so relate to not everything cooking and coming together at the right time. Most recently for me it was some lentils in a veg chili.
Drinking wine and laying on the couch while watching this.... I noticed you sure know how to cook Anna! You cut things properly and not just pretend (you won't imagine how many of my friends still can't cook!)
Boil your potatoes before putting them in a curry!
If you want potatoes to cook on the stove you have to add liquid otherwise it'd burn before they cook. Also dice them a lot smaller. But man That soup looked so good! I add Worcestershire sauce to everything too lol its so savory and delicious
you always look so chic, loveee the coat 😭😍
Is there a glossier haul coming then?
Gotta have that balance! I bought some chocolate on vacation so I've been treating myself to a piece (or two haha) after meals..but the meals are healthy at least!! :) The vegetable curry looks so good too..and I'm loving that coat.
Anna I keep trying to subscribe to your newsletter and I never receive the confirmation email. I've tried on different days and it just won't work. Just thought you should know in case it's an issue on your end. Love your videos xo
Hey Anna  I <3 your videos. \nAre you planning to do a haul for capsule wardrobe? That would be helpfull. And also some tips to buy clothes that are current but not too trendy because next year they go out of style!!!
I could not relate to this anymore right now! :)
That coat is everything I have ever dreamed a coat to be ✨ NEED IT
Girl you bring joy to my heart ❤️.. and that cookies looks amazing 🍪 🤤
I love these kind of videos!  And I love it on Wednesday's when I wake up there's always an Anna video waiting on me!! 💕💕
Thx for being honest!! I feel like a lot of youtubers upload a what i eat in a day and only show the good stuff or pretend to be super healthy and eat super fancy things and small portions only. 😒\nOn another note: the coat is super pretty 😊
I just went out to the kitchen, picked at a packet of cooking choc chips without any control/ awareness. I have no idea how much I had....What is wrong with me? :P
I LOVE THESE VIDEOS
And now I'm hungry....;-)
Literally brought that coat in black last week - in love!!!!
the food looks great!
Potatoes cook faster in water than in sauce. Done the same thing. I think its better to pre-cook them first and throw them in last :)
The picture of that cookie toward the end look ...so GOOD !!!!!!!! Lovely vlog as usual. xx
Aaahh that music you use, so relaxing. Makes me think of being at the beach, when I really should be working right now haha
Anna can i move in with you?? I'm always wearing my dressing gown at home and everyone tells me off! They're so cozzzzzyyyyy!!
Nice Vans Anna! Love your foodie vids.
Loved this 💕
Anna! You didn't show all the chocolate buttons you consumed while watching Bake Off!
Liked it before watching it cause I love what I eat in a day vids/vlogs 👌🏼
I'm actually craving that soup?! I think my body's trying to tell me something.. 😄 yeah definitely need to eat better. Thanks for the inspiration Anna!
where did you get that choose love tshirt?
What's your take on the new GBBO hosts? We're so stressed out about it here in the States!
Wow, you're so lucky to have the cherry bombe cookbook already! So excited for it in October! I totally recommend their podcast, it's awesome!
I love your What I Eat In a Day videos! ♥
@The Anna Edit. Heyy, I see you're a youtuber too, I thought you might want to use some of my music. Look how short my vis are youtube com/XimerTracks Tell me if you like it
We started a food vlog in the cupboard that's classic 😍😍😍.
Stock cubes aren't exactly healthy. Just make vegetable stock from fresh vegetables and freeze it.
where are your rings from?
Loving your vlogs, Anna! But please, avoid using microwaves - it's really unhealthy.
Ferdinand: Hazard, your defense last year was...? \nHazard: I was errrr... I was 5😂😂😂\nFerdinand: 😂😂😂😂why, you don't like being in defensive positions? \nHazard: Nah nah nah... I don't play defense! \nLuiz: He never works!\n\n😂😂😂😂😂😂😂\nHilarious
5:21 Your hair Lolllllll troll hzarad
Christensen played last season with Thorgan Hazard and this season with Eden and Kylian Hazard 😱
Do man united next
David Luis is fantastic character. I love Rio. What a legend though I'm not even Man united fan.
Really no respect for david and christensen
The shooting and passing should be more than 64 and 74 WTF?!
Wtf .. David luiz shooting should have been much higher
I love the background music !! On all videos! It's just so classy.
I hate how fifa has a preset of player ratings based on their position, like assuming that defenders have a passing and dribbling between 50-60 rated, thats not fair. \n(IMO: they should do the ratings based on the season stats/numbers of the player)
This was hilarious, thoroughly entertained, more of this please :)))
this is soooo cringy, cuz players dont care about their stats on a videogame...
My friend  everytime says Liverpool is better than Man Utd and the only thing am telling   is 26 years :D
dont you just love Luiz's personality??
FIFA need to improve David shoting it least but it 70
What's the song
What is the song ?
Damn it five INVEST IN YOUR FUCKIN SOUND RECORDING JEEEZZUZZZZ u want it to be top notch but the sounds is fuckin balls...
Rio: anything you're not happy with\nEden: Your hair
That Christiansen sounds bare English
My right ear enjoyed this..
London is RED#ARSENAL
''I know me ,man''
damn even luiz knew his pace should be higher lol
David luizHazard has some friends from EAwh are you high
LMFAOO Eden hazard don't even care that he's lazy when it comes to defending
Luiz should have 70shooting AT LEAST
Poor Christensen he looks so disappointed 😟 He deserves more. Even Rio admitted how good his passing is 😡😡
FIFA gives the defenders no respect tbh,shooting and pace could be improved to almost all defenders
These two are really funny man . Damn !
David and hazard seems like they are very good friends:)
The shot rating of defenders are actually a joke just because they are defenders it doesnt mean they cant shoot
How come Rio looks tiny next to David Luiz? I thought they were supposed to be the same height.
rio says one and only hazard yet he has like 10 brothers and luiz and christensen are the truly one and only \n#clownseverywhere
loved how rio and eden called out fifa for just taking the piss
What about David's Hair rating\n\n\n99 LONGNESS     99 CURL\n\n99 BRAZILIAN      99 SWAG\n\n99 DAVID              99 LUIZ
I'm subscribing to anyone who likes this comment and subscribers to me. Just comment done✓ so i can know
66 physical for Hazard is joke. The only way people can get him off the ball is by fouling him. He's not a tall or physically imposing player, but he doesn't get pushed off the ball easily.
COME ON PREM TEAMS IN CHAMPIONS LEAGUE SHOW THEM HOW YOU CAN PLAY LIKE IN PREMIERSHIP. (COME ON!)
The is the thing that slows David Luis is his Afro(keep the Afro David Luis 
I love how close hazard and luiz are
I want more of this pls, show me ronaldo, i wana see his first when he hears he is not the number one rated player on fifa lol
I'm sure hazard already googled his
whats the music at 5:17
ngl i love it when Hazard says because it's true man! to david luiz aha
What did ea take?\nAndreas christensen was in the top 20 fastest players in bl last season and you give him 64 pace??\nAt least 75
pause the video at 4:25 😂😂😂
One and only mate
Surprised Luiz didnt make all his stats 99. \nBut Christensen has a good rating with quite poor main stats.
I'm in the gym everyday man. Lol this was gold!
Am I the only one who was waiting for to say You just got marked at the end
Luiz has an Amazing shot . Especially on dead balls are Fifa drunk?!
Good funny video, David luiz is really funny.  Eden- shooting, Luiz where is this shooting, i never seen this before cx
I nvr knew rio has his own u tube channel.. Subscribed 
Rio please can i have the David Luiz or Hazard signed Fifa card?
I've been there i go training every friday
I thought Eden was 88, but was he 92
Rio Ferdinand has a Youtube channel
Hazard better than Sanchez?? hahaha what a joke!!
As a Chelsea fan i just want to that Chelsea looks like the best club to play for, nice players and staff. GREAT TEAM! CHAMPIONEEEE💙💙💙💙💙💙
You go gym everyday I died 😂😂😂
christensen get some fat and he will become super defender with age 21
It would be so cool next too the du ballon do'r every year they do this every September live with all the players of the top clubs of Europe....\nFifa stats rate your own card?
Missing you at Gladbach Andreas. Good luck in the future and at Chelsea :)
Mane'-99
Nice more pls
🆗
hazzard is 90 omfg
three superstars mentions christenson\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nokay
Hazard comes across like hes mad banter 😂
David Luiz 😂😂😂😂 Br é resenha demais
Luiz is sooo funny lol
Manchestet united react to his stats ft. Pogba lukaku, de gea,rashford👇https://youtu.be/uQm--Y7b86k
Edens banter is top notch
Song name please?
Hazard 9 has HIV
Gotta love David Luiz!
@5:30 song?
Morata ?
EdenSelf Proclaimed Best Hazard
That sweet mono sound....
Hazard
https://youtu.be/DxkRjTEF_QU
dont lie dont lie
nooooo.. 79? you do gym everyday? LOL
69 physical cb is trash
Hazard Overrated:(
Rio ferdinand man u legend whit chelsea video
hazard always seems so moody
wow christensen
bro, couldnt do united?
First song!?
Hazard's 5 Defending tho
Eden is too jokes.
Hazard ❤❤❤
Your hair
3:05  😂😂😂 I'am Diee
Christensen sounds like hes from London
Fedt at se en dansker i stort rampe lys🇩🇰
Why is Hazard the best rated playern in bpl? Dele, Kane, Sanchez were better statwise
Floyd Mayweather, the swimmer.
This was too funny.. 😂
Ppl who disliked this r mcgregor fans
Never realized how gay this man dressed
I think he's got an IQ of less than 90.
Wow. Didn't think I would ever see Mayweather talking to a muppet.
Rudy is that you
It is called rapid fire not take your time
I'm Floyd Money Mayweather, I don't carry 20s. Lmao I love that attitude
Like that guy could bang 70 girls..
0:29 fighting a alien ..............I thought you didn't drink 😂😂😂😂😂😭😂😭😂😭😂😂🤣
Your a swimmer now
I swear to Allah u r a legend 😂😂
Floyd had to ask Siri how to spell deep before the interview.
Amazing how so many puppetry channels that have been around for nearly a decade have gone virtually unnoticed by the masses, then this channel comes along and in only a couple of years, has thousands of subscribers and views and gets featured on the homepage with trending videos. Don't get me wrong, I'm glad to see *a* puppetry channel get some mass exposure, but I *have* seen better channels with better puppetry (some of them even lip sync properly).
5:04 Mayweather is thinking Thank god he didn't say harder than I hit my wife'
Diego and Guillermo from Jimmy Kimmel should do a video together 😀
I like Floyd, he gets a lot of stick but he seems happy enough in himself good luck to him I hope he enjoys retirement this time and may be does more fulfilling work, although a little known fact he does do a lot of charity work.
what are you a swimmer now 😂😂I'm fucking dead
Paulie Malinogi is the voice of the puppet
@2:28 having one girl is close to having one. 😂
2:43 you'll get a divorce\nHe's a boxer and a genius lady's and gentlemen 😂
song at the end?
awkward puppet should've said she punched me harder than you punched your wife
he's already out of money?
Why does Floyd keep touching the puppet lol
I have a bike lmao dead 😂
This was actually a great interview
Diego is the man !
should I retire?.. i should get a job before that huh?!!
It's Rudy my nigger
Floyd there is more to life then being rich and going to strip clubs
Im not a fan of him but this was GOLD
Floyd when the IRS contact him about his taxes at 1:50
Idc who you are. This shit funny 😂
triggered the shit out of 500 Mcnugget fans :)\n\nSAD
Im a conner fan but mayweather you funny af
It's Rudy Mancuso,  the puppet
WHO'S VOICE IS THIS?!?!?!? I THINK DIEGO IS RUDY'S VOICE
Meanwhile in backward country ireland mcgassout & fanboys are drowning themselves with liqour to numb the pain 😂😂😂
This is definitely one of the funniest videos I've ever watched
Symbolic.....\nThey're all puppets in the end.
Showed how down to earth Floyd is loved it
If he wants to give me some money to cop my first car or hire me for some shit I’m down lmao
😂😂😂😂😂😂 money may the g i like how he didnt kno arriana grande\nReminded me of when he said\nShane mosely i barely know who the fuck you are
That was awesome. I just subscribed.
Make a new video of this and put the captions on and have Floyd read it back to the camera. Thanks.
😂😂😂😂THE PUPPET IS RUDY MANCUSO'S VOICE!!!!
Great vid! Check out Gonzoe Speaking On Tupac's Death 21 Years Ago!↙\nhttps://youtu.be/KYgKNsguseU
He gotta fight again itll be bigger n the haters r gonna have trigger levels out the roof
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
What's up with those dog tags?
You the man Mayweather. Earned it all with your fists.
I thought you didn't drink 😭
Floyd is MGTOW on the low.
Hella funny I wonder what the guy who owns Amazon is up to 90billion dollars
You can't score an interview with Larry Holmes though.
This is definitely the best Mayweather interview ever !!!
Jesus Christ., .Floyd,.you  I mean.. There's more to life than zstrip clubs and b bean berry rich.
He is rubbing his cheek like its his bald head
“There’s more in life than strip clubs, and money.”😂
lol so funny X) both of them
The funniest thing I've seen
Good vibes
Woah ! Mayweather can spell! 😱😱😱
Braindead
Watch My Videos Please.
4:20 😂😂😂😂
Love the video 👊🎬🙌
Fook da Maywedoors 🇨🇮
Shit was mad funny
50-0
Hilarious
that was genius
Lmao....
Pretty boi Floyd Step iwill crack yours!👊👊👊\n  \nLILWAYNE -
Lmaoo
This was awkward
bicycle
This is hilarious!
di
What bank you with?\n\nBanco de Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu the americo econ socket daughters eco assholes
The Mayweather Waffle Maker
Love this!
hard work
McGregor changed his bum life
Lmao
Funny af
Get divorced lol
Funny as fuck
Floyd looks good at 40...
is this rudy mancuso 🤔🤔
Mayweather fighting the winner of Canelo vs GGG
that was g...
Those veneers looks amazing
Super cute lolll
5:43 Floyd: this shit done yet?
2 many tacos 😂😂
1:41 to like 1:52 😂 😂 😂
😂
Give us the league title now
Could have and should have been at least 4-0 UTB!!
Lunstram should have scored but all in all UTB
Come on you blades !!!
1:38 Next free kick on the edge of the box might go under the wall. Look out lads.
Goal at 0:54
Blades to get 8th imo
Hey I hope you enjoy this new video! Some 370 of you got to see this early as I accidentally pressed the button that I didn't mean to press so the video was live for about a minute this morning, but here's the real version!\n\nMake sure to check out Squarespace because this video *literally* would not have happened without their support.
???? there will never be an electric long range or even short  range aircraft.. youre silly..\n2ndly.. the 737 has been manufactured 30 years.. the 757 will be upgraded to a 757 long range before a 797 is ever produced..
boeing have been developing an electric aircraft called the sugervolt
The future of aviation is high speed rail.
The plane of the future is a BOAT! 🚣😝
2020: Flying planes\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nK I'll stop
Check out this dji-mavic-pro-camera-drone-gpsglonass-4k camera-65kmh-fpv on BriskSale! https://brisksale.com/refer/59a5037fe3ed53245f8a854a
whats the decision they regretted? did i miss it or am i just  stupid?
3:34 Since when does a Dreamliner carry 359 passengers??
Why not just start building the 757 jet design again,  but this time with better more-efficient engines and better avionics.  Sounds like a winning move to me.
You grew fast af I could have sworn you had 50,000 subs when I last saw
Could have a plane that goes to 60k feet up and breaks the sound barrier. Make it hit 1,000mph cut the time in half. The higher the plane the thinner the air the faster you can go.
Pilotless plane? Yeah that's what we all want.  A plane with no pilots.  Great idea.  Those guys are useless.  \n\nFucking morons.
So did people not watch the entire video or what? He literally speaks about these planes and your commenting like he didn't mention them and why they wouldn't work ! *Watch the whole video before you comment !!*
If the 757 had fit perfectly in the spot for now, why not make a 757 Max???
With the 797, Boeing runs out of numbers.  What will be their next model?
They could just bring the same plane back...\nAirbus will never work on smaller projects when bigger ones are available to take on.\nBoeing will never work on a big project as both times they said they would, they backed down saying it was impossible. They wouldn't want to risk it unless they can guarantee a success since it would look really bad on them to give up a third time.
I just want a plane that stops ear discomfort
Actually no train beats the plane in any US market
Age isnt an issue, airplanes are inspected at a minimum of once a year and if there is any problem the plane is stripped down until the issue is found. Most single engine aircraft are 45+ years old. These planes are still safe. Age isnt an issue and as long as they make enough profit to not make that initial cost of buying a new plane, then nothing will or needs to change. Honestly its like channels like this and vox are trying to terrify its viewers
If the near-term prediction is correct, it sounds like more direct flights and fewer connections to catch, especially for people flying to/from smaller cities. Meaning, perhaps, that airports currently relying on their major-airline hub status might start to lose traffic?
I thought 767 is smaller than 787
I wish Lockheed (Martin) would make aircraft again. The TriStar is such an unsung aircraft that put ones like the DC-10 (and other tri jets) to shame in comfort and safety.
Future travel will consist of evacuated tube travel the time the plane is almost over . all hail the hyper loop
The phrase Planes of future  has two problems. One - they will be electric, two - may be nobody will fancy air route as it is inefficient.. Will be replaced by private small flying cars for short distances and hyperloop like techs for longer distances
Delta has custom built their seats in planes for comfort and entertainment
This is so depressing, what ever happened to the need for speed ? All this push for more efficiency but the speed remains a sluggish Mach 0.85 when millions traveled across the Atlantic at supersonic speeds just a few decade ago. The push for a new supersonic commercial aircraft needs to happen sure the fuel costs will be higher per flight but the frequency of flights and the absence for the need for lavish comforts will offset that. To think people thought we all be flying supersonic in the 2000s oh how things turned out...
Here's an idea...\n\nStop cramming the seats so close together that my knees are in my damn chest you fuckers!
Wouldn't electric trains just undercut airplanes for short range in price? I guess to understand that you'd have to understand how trains are profitable. I think that you can't sell the idea that short haul flight saves time over trains when you have to spend more time at the airport just to get on the plane with security checkpoints, boarding 45 minutes before flight, and maybe not so much taxing but it's still a factor. Trains don't have to deal with these things to get from point A to point B. Especially in your example of NY to DC (and that's about the only short haul route in the US where that works because Amtrak at least owns the Northeast Corridor track). In other areas where Amtrak pays for the usage of track on a freight line a short haul flight may be faster.
We are almost at 2020 and flights are still 12 hours US to Europe. I think its time to make that the priority along efficiency.
But how about the 767?
Airbus actually has an answer A321++. It will be a re-wing stretch out A321. Some call it A322 the wing will be composite and it will stand taller to fit a larger more efficient engine. This plane will be the true 757 replacement since 797 is slightly larger and more comparable to 767.
Here is an idea, how about make a smaller plane and cram even more people in to it:)
Why tf is every video on here about airplanes
As an aspiring pilot flights as cheap as bus rides are the absolute last thing i want
What’s the need for another Boeing aircraft? The current ones get the job done very well. “Aging” doesn’t really matter in this case.
Jesus your pro Boeing. Airbus totally rules and so push us forward more...
When is the nuclear power air plain is coming ?
why assume planes are the future considering how crowded the skies are getting?  bullet train infrastructure will remove 60% of air flights by the year of 2045
the hyperloop is a joke.
Do you have a video on best time to book a flight or best days @wendover
I love the 757, I hope Boeing brings back a modernized one
@ 3:33,  you say the range of the 757 is 4,000 nautical miles. 4,000 nautical miles = 7408 km; 1 nautical mile = 1.15 miles
I expect to eventually see some hybrid/fully electric aircraft developed to manage the majority of short range and economy flights and a return of supersonic aircraft absorbing much of the long distance and business demand
4000 nautical miles are 7408 km, aren't they?
I'm pretty sure it cost more to get to Edinburgh from London by train then plane atm, also takes way longer
Planes of the future will be Muslim proof
I think that the 757 should comeback, it had few accidents compared to the 737, the Dreamliner is to young to be have anywhere near the amount of say the 747. The 757 had the range, capability and can be extended to fit the needs, the new variant of the 757 would be the 757-300 or 757-200LF (Longer Fuselage)
I unsubscribe due to your Boeing fan boying. I thought this was an un bias channel.
look as car are going hybrid now days (most super cars now) when will we get a hybrid plane were i guess soler power + fuel for back up fuel something like that :P
The train being cheaper than air travel is not really correct at all. Osaka-Tokyo for instance is almost always cheaper to fly than ride a train (especially shinkansen), with buses being the most inexpensive.
I love airplanes.....but I like trains more. Sorry.
Lot of Airbus fanboys I this comments section today...
Soon, I can fly from Detroit to Warsaw... Also what will the next plane after the 797 be? 807?
If it's not Boeing, I'm not going!
Boeing is a bully. Picking on a small manufacturer like Bombardier.
Oil has been supposed to double in price in the next twenty years for the past fifty years, and yet gas is cheaper now than it was fifteen years ago.
The next plane of the future will be an alien space craft LoL
Y'all need t start taking notes from soul plane we need airplanes like that
Bull Shit video. i don't give a fuck about price just get me from point A to point B in no time like concord. stop wasting our time posting these crap videos jesus
I miss not seeing 747's in the sky anymore.
I'm just flew from Edinburgh to London Gatwick 45 minutes. In your video you say is 79 minutes to Heathrow which is closer than Gatwick.  Turboprop flight is much longer on this route
I actually flew on a 757 from LA to Kona Hawaii, as well as from Honolulu to Pheonix just a few months back. Very interesting video!
This is why I subscribed to you, you do amazing work!
It would be cool so see the A310 being produced again :D HOpefully the time for the a340 will come back too :/ (a340 \o/)  In fact, airbus has some cool updates with their neo concept. I think, that the A321Neo will fill up the 757 gap with the a330neo.  But i think, for getting such an Video, i should ask another youtuber because you seem to be paid by Boeing. \nAs far as i now:\nB737 vs. A320-Family\nB767 vs. A330\nB777 vs. A340 (A340 not to be build anymore)\nB787 vs. A350\nB747 and A380 are the queen and the king of the sky, they don't fight each other^^\nDid i get everything right?
But lithium polymer bat are not as dense energy as carbon fuels. It's like having flying as is now, but you need twice the fuel tanks. Maybe some efficiency gain in electric motor compared to gas turbine.
The day that Spokane gets an international flight is the day pigs fly
I don't think that short haul flights are really worth it. A 2 hour wait in the airport, getting through security etc, for a 40 min flight isn't worth it. I'd rather just sleep on a train for a few hours.
stop it! please no more planes!
Airbus A322? What, just throwing some potential in there.\n[EDIT] It could be electric.
Why did you ignore the Brazilian, Canadian, Chinese, and Russian manufacturers? They're all become influential quickly.
I hope you're getting paid by the airlines, boeing or other for all of this research, analysis, etc
More Aviation vids please, love these.
Just to let you know Wendover, I didn't understand a ding (damn thing).
Here in Seattle, I see this huge plane huuuge it's called the sky whale, it's abtriple decker with 2 rows and 2 seats in each row. I thought it was pretty cool, I see then flying around everyone once n a while.
787 relatively small? Nah man stand close to that shit man
YES MORE PLANE GOODNESS
hey im from spokane!!
What about the A321neoLR ...
Edimbruh
Channel sponsored by Boeing
Aurora?
Ttttrending
Ops.....A380????? I love a380
Tesla will take over.
PEAK EFFICIENCY
Concord was.
I heard United is removing carpeting from aisles so it will be easier to drag out customers.
Am I the only one who thought this was going to be a Family Guy clip?
8:10 RIP Landing Gear
Airbus??????????????
go plash crane into house
♫Yeah United breaks guitars ♫
Hyperloop
Somebody likes planes.
Check out Sept 23 revelation on YouTube.
welcome back to planes
The fucking aircraft can reach max speed if it were to except they choose not to because it's more fuel efficient.
Electric ...facepalm. There is a reason people don't use electric aircraft. Very, very poor energy per kg means the payload would be increased to the point of insanity. The entire point is to reduce the costs of fuel, electricity still costs money and still produces CO2, usually more cost and CO2 than an efficient combustion or jet engine for that matter. Then the idea of flying with the majority of the aircraft full of huge lithium batteries is, uh, a little dangerous. Currently we already get a reasonable number of lithium battery issues - a small battery setting on fire and burning up. If the aircraft is not only full of massive numbers of lithium batteries but the batteries are forced to be as efficient as possible rather than a big heavy and safe/reliable battery (often lead acid rather than lithium) then we can expect a dramatically increased rate of accidents. Then the biggest danger in aircraft crashes currently is the fuel leaks and fires. With lithium batteries' near certainty to set alight, incredibly high temperature, very rapid reaction, and huge difficulty in putting the fire out we would certainly see a large increase in deaths. And finally electric engines are incredibly poor and inefficient in transonic flight. A slower flight means not only fewer passengers but more aircraft needed to shift the same amount of passengers and thus higher fuel and maintenance costs. In short the concept of electric aircraft to replace anything from the small under-100 seat regional aircraft to the large A380 super jumbos is simply a pipe dream. Electric cars are less efficient than hybrid cars for fuel and CO2 costs, an aircraft with its significant disadvantages beyond increased fuel efficiency... just no.
And not a single word about Sukhoi or Antonov planes.
I love Brexiting, I am delighted to be getting away from this horrible shower of Cunts.\nThe pain and unhappyness that has been caused to Remoaners, has also been of great delight to me.
Juncker, the drunk junkie, wants all the toys. So he can break them, when he feels like it.
Saying it as it is !!
They are utter fanatical maniacs.\n\nI think a spirit of delusion has entered them.\n\nThey remind my of the verse\n\nThen entered Satan into Judas, and from that time he sought an occasion to betray Jesus.
It's alright for Juncker. He's an old man! He can create this shit for a considerable percentage of the world's population, take the money and enjoy it for his last remaining few years. Everybody else is screwed! Why would ANY country want ANY of that shit!?
6k views... how is this trending?
Thankfully soon we will no longer have to listen to him.
Comparing the EU to Eastern Europe under the Soviets is actually disgusting. People were massacred in their droves, Matyas Rakosi, the first Communist Leader of Hungary is known as the Bald Butcher. People were starving while grain was being sent to the USSR. The cunt needs to get his head out his arse and not chat complete shit. Imagine if he'd said the same thing about Germany but comparing their current economic status with what they had under Fascism?
Any guesses when the next EU bailout will be?\n\nWill it be Greece or Italy?
If you had given Cameron concessions, the brexit vote would never ever have happened Or if David Cameron weren't a self interested twat lmao
What an hypocrite, he acts as he cares of East Europeans, after his Brexit polish & East Eu were first to be attacked by him Nigel farrage Brexiteers supporters, and now most polish and east Eu are preparing to leave as there no promise for them of staying except fake sweet promises
Nav produced this song it has his vibe
This shit is shot👎👎
Michael Jackson 2.0 !!! The Weeknd is my religion...
You know you made it when The Weeknd is ft on your track
The Weeknd owns yet another track!
When you feature The Weeknd on your song, Its not your song anymore.
So much crazy shit coming out these days. Can't keep up but let it comin!
the weeknd can rap better than most artists lets be honest
The Boy Said Got a you're girl blowing my phone like I'm single blowing my phone like I'm Cee-lo 😂🔥 I bet Cee-lo himself had to salute that line.
listening till 1:18 then thinking why ? then listening again @ 2:12 tell me are you worth it
Mr. Davis bout to be album of the year
1:18 add I don't really care if you cryyy
this Album Gone Be 🔥 like Everybody Looking 💯
I'ma do a cover !!
Have y'all noticed that most rappers have a song featuring the weeknd
#1 record...you heard it here first.
Gucci this ain't your song no more bro
Why niggas dislike this song, they killed it🔥🔥
Who's here cuz NAV produced this????
here at half million views!
Who here before 1 mil views?
Yes hi fired also this needs a video hi rjrenndf
Damn GuWop and The Weeknd killed this Bitch🔥🔥🔥🔥💯
The song sick the weekend go hard but fuck the weekend nigga gay gucci killed this!
This The Weeknd s now
Every song The Weeknd is in is a banger 🔥
When the weeknd gets featured on your song, it ain't your song anymore..\n\nWell said🔥
Really didiont think id be hearing such fire, weeknd fucking killed this 💯💯💯
The weeknd was yeah I'll do this one but you do one for Selena...😂😂
This whole title defines my special move on all these hoes
Who else thinks this song fire 🔥 🔥
Wooooow!!!!! WOP and weekend 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 this is a HIT
Only for the weeknd
IM GOING TO BE SUBBING TO EVERYONE WHO LIKES THIS COMMENT AND SUBS TO ME AND TURN ON NOTIFICATIONS (Within 24 Hours) COMMENT WHEN DONE ( Hope you have a great day) 👍🏻
she look like a model but devil in the sky..damn.lolZ
you see any thing with the weeknd on it you just click on it,just a reflex action
Once The Weeknd hops on the track it's no longer your song🤷‍♀️
Somebody is here for Gucci Mane?...\nNo?.. Me neither 😂\n\nThe Weeknd kill that shit!
bro how do people like the weekend this nigger sound like a girl
The Weeknd is undefeated in feature. Fck that💯
if it ain't XO then it gotta go
feat, with The Weekend is always 100% success y'all know that
Damn Gucci is killin the rap game rite now and he's on every feature
Everyone talking bout the weekend but Gucci the REAL MVP!
can't wait to hear slim k chop and screw this shit Mayne
Abel needs to stop playing and link up with drake we need take care 2
They both killed it
Weeknd fuckin killed this...\nCan't wait for Mr. Davis.
idk why I freak out and cant wait to hear every new song Gucci comes out with cause every single one is just as great as the last
Yooooooooooooo my top niggas went on in it !!!!
Ima jack off to this shit
Lit as a bitch
And curve in Romanian means bitch:)))
Man just said I met your girl on my finger hahahaha Oi!!! The disrespect!!!
Here before 1 million
check me out
Gucci mane Then < Now 🔥
Here before 2 views
Haram
ITS GUCCI!
The Weeknd give me chills I promise 😅😅😅
Curve instrumental\nhttps://youtu.be/cMx02673G2c
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=65898
dope tune!
🔥🔥🔥
here before 500.000 views\ndope shiet bruh
My favorites artists
Damm
The Weeknd feat Gucci Mane *
Famous Dex can sing now? 🔥
this is trash
my favorite rapper keep shittn on y'all haten mufuckas keep killn em wop!!!
VIRGINIA BLACK GOT ME TIPSY\nOVOXO
Fist dude sounds like shit
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
XO 🔥🔥
Damn!!!
XOTWOD
Produced by Nav
Aye subscribe to my channel!!!!!!!!
lets go !!!
Waiting for ZIAS to react to this
This shit's fireeeeee🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Here before 500k
omg love it
aye rappers, singers, artists alike - check my beats if ya gotta minute
The Weeknd🔥❤🔥
Long live Trillmusic!!!!!
Great duo 🔥🔥🔥🔥
🔥🔥❤❤❤❤
lit 🔥🔥🔥 XO
The Weeknd 😭😍😍😭🔥
whaaaat ? this is fire 💯
http://www.lingomansradioshow.com/new-music-2017.html
Best trap ive heard in AWHILE
XO1017
Before 500k Squad
TOP 50 PANAMÁ\nMejores Canciones Nacionales Del Momento En Spotify\n►Síguelo Aquí► http://bit.ly/PanamáTop50
The weeknds new songs e.g lust for life and this, has been complete shit. He just sounds like any other rapper out there and in lust for life, like a one direction singer .... 0 originality.
The weekend is the final boss in the game and Gucci is the final boss after the final boss
Pengwings
Dear BBC could you reveal the air date asap thanks! Can't wait to watch it
benedryl cucumberpatch is BBC's ultimate clickbait.
I see Benedict Cumberbatch. I watch. He's just so irresistible (I'm not gay).
Yeees Benedict! Whatever he does, its just the best! <3 Cant wait to watch this. Its going to be beautiful and emotional just like his movie Third Star. It made me cry alot.
Υesss, Benedict!
omg..! after The Current War and then The Child in Time trailer.. i'm ready for this.. can't wait! XD
Sees Ben Cumberbatch, yep I'm totally watching this.
Heavy Rain by BBC One
I'm gonna cry a lot.
He needs to be used for another Sherlock series never mind this
sooooohot...just sayin.
Can time heal?\nNo but Doctor strange can.
I guess this will have to make up for the Sherlock withdrawals.
I love you,benny
Press x to scream KATE!!!!
Meh, doesn't look as good as The Missing
'The child in time' seems like a good title for a Dr Who episode. The return of the Drs Daughter?
This looks like it's going to be great! Can't wait to see it!
Ben and the little girl playing - fills my heart up
I can`t wait. Ah, my love Benedict!
A couple of days ago a couple of dudes drove up to a High School near Rubery in Birmingham, trying to lure a child around 12 to get in their car because they knew her mom. \nI really wish a channel would commission To Catch A Predictor UK. It'd be so popular, plus it'd strike fear into the nonces, knowing they could be exposed to the nation on TV. Please, please, please, please
Shame he doesn't have the TIME STONE
Ben you made this year awesome!\nCan't wait
Book of the week, A bad storm by Theresa Down....................
No Benedict, you are SHERLOCK, you can Find her.
Why not make another season of Sherlock if you had time for this :////
when does it come on ??
As soon as I saw cumberbatch, CLICK
Oh mah gah I am HYPED FOR THIS! LOVE YOU BUMBLEBEE CUCUMBERPATCH!
I'M intrigued it sounds so good and i like Benedict's performance
I thought this was a Wholock episode because of the title
Christ that looks depressing just what we all need. Why can't they do a drama about losing a fiver, or drinking an unexpectedly cold cup of tea, or perhaps a smoking tiger with anger issues and a love for left socks. Off to GPs for some anti depressants tomorrow, thanks.
The role looks perfect for Benedit Cumberbatch and I already can't wait for it! Its going to be something without a doubt!
Anyone with just an ounce of empathy cannot but be gripped by the power of Cumberbatch in this trailer. My heart and stomach are tight from it.
He lost his kid in the supermarket lol what a dumbass
This is the one case Sherlock can't solve
Sherlock has a child 😉👍🏻
HE WOULD BE SUCH A GOOD DAD IM SO OVERJOYED
Omg yuuuus back at BBC, love a good BBC series especially with benedict
I have been waiting for this since that summer 2017 trailer for BBC Drama. Love it so much.
IM HERE BEFORE THIS GOES VIRAL AND MAY I JUST SAY\n\n\n\nthERe gOEs mY hEArT
So ... he's not a time traveling alien?
If Your An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
This is going to be available in America right
Good Movie is coming kkkkkkkkkk (and sorry but it's no possible no remember of ParentLock)
when comes it out
Looks so good
Doctor Strange looks fucked
Bonkyhort Cutiebrunch
I Wonder, do you think that Kate is a Time Lady? I'm just curious.
every film : ben running
Benedict? Okay Im watching this
When will we be able to watch it then? x
Why can't anyone in the comments speak English?
SHAUN SHAUN SHAUN
Just use your deduction skills, Sherlock!
Waaalt!
The Child In Time airs on Sunday September 24 at 9pm on BBC One.
Aman benedict sen 5. Sezon çekme de current war ve bunu çek :( üzdü neyse bizde bunlarla idare edecez.Bunu ingilizce yazamıyorum ya yetmedi ingilizcem inş Türk çıkar
Sees Benedict, clicks.
heavy rain
What the fuck
Benedict Cumberbatch\n\n\n\n\nWho?
#we_need_Sherlock_Holmes
Can't wait.....
is this Ian Macqueans novel
OMFG SLAY YES BENEDICT HAS RETURNED
When?
YEES! Benedict and Kelly together?! Deffo gonna watch this
This looks good
Se Inscreva Se No Meu Canal
Looks good
Garry about irk
awwwww.. Ben!! I must see this!! (but I'm in Germany :( )
HASSİKTİR BENEDİCT AŞKIM ÇOK SEKSİYLİİ AHHHH
Nice
Oh my god benedict as a dad
What will happen to Sherlock? Thats it?
I feel like there is going to be a twist...that she has actually died and they are in denial
No effects but it looks like it has not done any editing
Shit
Looks crap
Looks stupid
He really did it my god
yoo!
Is that cheerleader actually Ali Michael?
This makes me wanna go travelling again! 😍😍 amazing
Best song in his reykjavik boiler room set...
If i get it right a clip by Alasdair McLellan is young and beautiful people kissing each other all day long... all the time ? And partying on this one
Jamie xx's music makes me want to close my eyes and start dreaming, the man can do no wrong
I've been listening to you guys from the beginning and knew you'd blow up one day!!!! I love and adore your music! It's gotten me through dark times and made the bright times seem infinite! THANK YOU AND NEVER STOP, PLEEEASE!!!!
my head is about to explode from this perfect masterpiece, Jamie xx I fucking love you
I´M IN LOVE WITH THE XX!!! <3
wich software do they use? to edit the videos
Jamie xx can make the already good songs sounds even better. Such a genius!
It shouldn't never end...
i want a jamie remix of EVERY xx song... #dream <3
i liked it BEFORE i heard it ...
1:59 when the beat drop ! GENIUS!
DAMN THIS REMIX IS SO GOOD!!!! Jamie is the best!!!
The time of minute 2 is sublime, awesome thanks
we need more jamie xx
September 12 is my birthday. September 13 Jamie XX released this. Best present ever.
This version though..... 😍it's Remixalicious
Been waiting for this since the Iceland boiler room 🌋❄
After listen to this, I just want another Jamie xx album. In colour is a master piece.
What are they drinking?
this is really really nice
Love it, please a remix for Dare You, Mexico present!!
Tell Me Why mixed w/ September & On Hold ...this is brilliant
Hi! I'm Jamie XX and this is god mode actived! PEACE!
I just got lost in this beat. FACK!
I miss being a teenager...
I thought the original song was a Jamie xx remix 😂
a genius who mixes a genius track of himself. fuckin genius.
not what i expected, but not bad jamie
This is getting ridiculous. Why is everything he puts out so good????
Jamie make the remixes a lot better than the original song \:v/
I wish Jamie would score my entire life
The search since BR Reykjavik is finally over
Fantastic remix, seeing them in Santa Barbara in a few weeks, this would be a great encore.
Can i get a remix of xx-angels? Its their best song in my opinion
Thankuuuuuu
You want my body, now you want my soul
No digital release and the vinyl's are sold out... now all I have is a compressed youtube version :(
Dope remix. I'd love to see Jamie xx do some solo shit again
Holy shit that's fantastic. Further proof that the MVP of the xx has always been Jamie.
I have been shazaming this song for too long from Jamie xx's Boiler room in Island....
Omg, this could be more awesome? ♡♡♡♡♡ I'm lost in the beat
Everything Jamie xx does is gold. In Colour was one of my all-time favorites from that year, and I See You is by far my favorite The xx album. I had the privilege of seeing a Jamie xx DJ set on a steamboat back in 2015 and god DAMN it was magic.
This remix is fantastic...THX, Jamie !
Are you guys looking for fun and awesome YouTube channels to watch? Or even thinking about promoting your own channel? Check out our website! www.chungyoora.com
The xx make life much more bearable... thank you!
That bassline sounds like the one from Plastixx - Goodbye, right? Nice spin tho
Jamie XX you did it again!! Amazing!!!
How can music be so perfect
the xx melhor banda
Me toca a alma essa canção
fuck grammerly
<3
I dont have spotify
Loveeeeeeeeeeee
UFFFFF, UFFFFF Y RECONTRA UFFFFF. PIEZOTA 🔥🔥🔥
Tremendo remix! ♥
Im in heaven 😊
OMFG , marvelous!!!!!
shelter next please!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chingon
J!KB
Quero logo o clip de lips!!!!
Fuego!
está genial
yyaaaaas jamie
Dem vibes!
https://goo.gl/5zoejr\nfree join full xx
gente, ai... incrível
❤💙😱😱
I LOVE IT
Ameiiii
Sold out already :(
eu só bobão da paia
MORE REMIXES PLEASE
AMAZING!
remix better
Amazing work 💙💙💙
Perfect remix!!!!
Baile de piruas !
Trancilicious!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
malditogenio
christ
Orgasmic
YAAAAAAAAAASSSS, MORE PLEASE!!! !!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!
This remix makes my soul tremble
masterpiece
Que buena música☺💕
Shelter remix pls!!
Would have been better if that guy never opened his mouth
Heard this on radio one last night and have been waiting for this to drop every hour since!
Its quality,but to long(imho).I want short version
Xxxxx
RIP EDM.
Jamie is too good for The XX.
WHAT IF a Filter is not a perfectly mathematical object and it interferes with some light and redirects it?!?!?!?!?!?
I... have to go and rethink life now.
There is no entanglement. Photons just don't experience time so when one filter changes the polarity of the entangled photon, it changes it throughout the entire existence of the photon.
Probably missing the point entirely, but what if the blocked sunlight is instead reflected/repolarized, such that some light is passing through at the requisite angle, because it forces it to, so at each filter it's effectively a 45 degree offset instead of a full 90 degree.\n\nAnd since one of the entangled pair is being offset by this smaller amount, it also forces the other to be offset as well.\n\nEDIT: OK, I guess you did mention a hidden variable being influenced by the filter.\n\nLocality I'm willing to say might be upended in certain circumstances. Same with realism. I also have no scientific argument to support my claim. Just one that seems to sound logically sound.
I really don't think that this kind of information is suitable for the lay public.\n\nMy education is in economics, so I'm comfortable talking both statistics and (most) other mathematics. But every time I see something about quantum entanglement/the double slit/etc, I just see a series of what I can describe as poorly designed experiments that (appear) to rely on unproven assumptions and build upon them. Clearly, they are not poorly designed; experts far more educated on the subject matter are doing them. The only thing I've really learned is that I have not been given even the basic information needed to understand let alone make a judgement about it. \n\nIt does make me concerned, especially when the information is given to the scientifically illiterate general public (one glance through this videos comments and you'll run into a deluge of pseudo-scientific babble). The reality is that information given to people without knowledge is dangerous (even if that's only in giving a false sense of understanding). Until the research is more definitive, this information seems to be best kept with the experts, however passionate they may be sharing the information with content creators and the general public.
how do you measure how much light remains after it passes through the last filter? what if that measurement would also work like a filter, then we also got the human eye that filters and the mind behind it, probably making a big thing out of something not really special or paradoxical at all.
Wasn't it proven that there isn't any hidden information/variable?
Hello photons, do you pass through the filter? Yes or no!\n_Something, something, quantum mechanics..._
what is there in protons that is not weird?
People who watched this video might also be interested in following two experiments that relates heavily to this topic:\nQuantum eraser - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_eraser_experiment\nDelayed choice quantum eraser - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delayed_choice_quantum_eraser\n\nIt would be cool if you could make a video about this or more QM overall.
... you spent 14 minutes talking about how it can't work one way. You mention offhand in the middle that that suggests it must work a second way.... And then never mention that second way again. This video would have felt a lot more meaningful if you spent some time talking about other ways it might work instead of only talking about this one way it can't possibly work.
Why must the variable be in the photons, and not the lenses?
Would phase change have anything to do with this? Can the filters change the frequency of light, making UV and IR into visible?\n Maybe there's some quantum property that we don't yet know of.
Photons\nThe dicks of science
You are trying to make us cry now... \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
collab from two of my favourite channels!!
I fixed the experiment! 👍\n\nA photon flying through a filter has a chance to pass through it even if it's not quite parallel.\nThis chance falls off exponentially as the difference in angle increases, up to 90° where there is a 0% chance.\n*As the photon passes through it rotates to match the angle of polarisation of the filter.*\n\nI'm sure there's some basic reason why this is wrong, it just seemed like a really obvious solution to me haha. I would really like to know why. 😀
You left out light reflection of the middle lens dumb ass. I own a Orion reflector telescope 10 , so I use filters of many types for many years.  Maybe do a night vision might be helpful here boy.
Sounds way blown out of proportion.
I freaking hate quantum mechanics. It messes so hard with everything you've ever learned and everything you assume. I feel like Quantum Mechanics is Weird Al Yankovich singing Everything you know is wrong.
My head can't handle this 😵
This is a misunderstanding of Bell's theorem, Bell himself said it doesn't prohibit hidden variables, just LOCAL hidden variables... the wave function is global, and perfectly capable of holding values that keep things deterministic rather than probabilistic. So no, the deterministic universe has not been disproven.
It was good if you mention that in classical view this effect is not weird at all. http://alienryderflex.com/polarizer/
Sorry, but you have a horrible understanding of entanglement.\nIf you fix your understanding everything will make sense.
I bet the numbers change to 100; 75; 50 when no one is observing them.
Why is it that locality is such a hardcore rule!!?? I mean consider quantum mechanical movement like pressure of water jet in a tunnel, a right angle direction change makes a substantial loss of pressure to heat but a directional change less than right angle can re-align the pressure in direction of movement. I mean old toilet pipes were semicircular loop and not perfect right angled to optimize water pressure through suction.
The answer is God! Ha! Beat you to it.
14 minute physics...\n\nWE HAVE BEEN BLESSED FOLKS!
Theory, the field of passing particles polarize others allowing more to pass
Amazing collaboration!!!! I was absolutely terrified by the initial video clip of the weird Venn diagram but I get it now. This is way fricken cool. So spooky.
has it possible that process of passing through the second filter alters the nature of those photons to make them brighter or change how they interact with additional filters?
Time doesn't exist and there is only one photon...
Why talk on hidden variables instead of the paradox? Made the presentation pretty muddled
I thought adding a third linear polarization filter at something other than 90° basically converted a portion of the light polarization to circular. The cosine of the angle of the middle filter then describes the percentage of light that will pass through the the third filter.
Does this possibly mean that some of our measurements from distant stars could be wrong?
Tell me the conversation at the end is an excerpt from an upcoming podcast!
The Universe is in the superposition of two states: <realism doesn't work| and <locality doesn't work| ;-)
Is this similar to chirality
It's because you're using circles for your diagram.
This is sooo wrong.... Same time could be angle of observer to impact results. What would this experiment look if observer rotates?
Just when I thought Ozmoroid a.k.a. Viascience provided me with a sound understanding of quantum mechanics — back to the drawing board. Cheers!
I feel like you made the explanation harder than necessary. Nice vid tho, very good animations.
I'd listen to this podcast.
LiFi can take advantage of this
Yay quantum physics, those physics always seem to find a way to cheat lol
WHAT IF is does get through but we are the ones who just can't see it
find a few prisms, place them between the filters... IT'S MAGIC
Maybe one of the variables is the human lack of understanding on the world around us still.
But this says minute physics and it's 17 minutes long. Fuck that. Ain't nobody got time for 17 minutes of physics!
Oh hey look, it's the theory of everything! https://www.facebook.com/superrelativity/
This seems kinda obvious to me. Light is waves and you are filtering light through slits. There will be interference patterns. You also have to take into consideration how big are the slits. If you filter horizontal reflections, waves won't be perfectly vertical. There will be a little bit of play! That's why when you introduce a third slit in between, the photons that bounced on the edges on the in between slit will have different polarization from the first one, thus it will pass through the third one... That's why when you rotate only 2 filters there is 2 positions that will block the light. But when you have 3 filters there is 4 position that will block the light.
Especially loved the conversation at the end, really added to the whole collab and friendly feel to the video!
Then the answer is clear, the photon passes but not seen or change it form from lens to lens.
white has all colour, time does not exist, thought effect the quantum
This also works with those polarized 3D glasses from movie theaters
What a long... long...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n17 Minutes and 34 secs later...\n\n\nLong Minute.
You're assuming that the ability to pass through the filters happen simultaneously. Obviously having glasses and having a beard can happen simultaneously, but passing through filters happens chronologically. It can't pass through two at the same time without both filters being the same object. Your analogy is faulty and therefore you can't use the same math to describe both situations
What if entanglement really means that in other dimensions the entangled particles are local, thus speed of  light is not violated.
It's because reality is just a projection of two dimensional data at the advancing wave of the original Big Bang.
So if we got 90 lenses and rotated each .1 degrees from the last, how much would get through?
I feel like a total dunce..
Your best video in ages.
The moment when you do not have correct physical model to explain something so simple.\nIt is time to bring back the Aether, do all calculations again, and forgot about light particle and photon entanglement.
Only 15% of the information in this video filtered to my brain.
The rectiline filters that you are using for this experiment actually influence the light that passes through it! The ¨phenomenon¨ that you are observing actually is explained if the filter being a non matematical object that affects the light that goes through it.This property of matter of messing with light going through it in one direction or another is called birefringence! \nImagine for a second that the filter pivots (absorbs then reemits) the light going through it just a little bit so that it aligns with the axis in wich it let´s the light through. If this is the case it makes sense that the more times you pivot it the more light will pass in the end! \nThis is the concept behind some of your LCD screens! White light is always on behind every single one of the pixels of your screen. Between the front of your screen and the back there is a layer of liquid christals that block that light. When tension is aplied to a pixel little liquid christals allign with it progressively, that is to say that the christals near the back wall of the screen remain in their position and the front ones allign totally with it. Like this :  BACK   _\ |    FRONT \nThis acts like the series of filters now letting through a part of the light wich goes through a clored filter flies through the air and reaches your beatufill eyes you beautifull coment reader you!\nTo be honest I m pretty sure that there are plenty of other experiments that disprove the hidden variables (I could name a few if I tried to remember em) but this one does not ... as you cant truly say that it is the same photon that goes in a filter as the one that comes out. (FYI linear filters like this are made just by having liiitle tiiiiny wires all parallel to one another, wires being great at absorbing electromagnetic energy will only let light through the tiny gaps between them and will spit out some of that energy in the form of light aligned with em ...)
Try this: 1st len 0°, 2nd len 90° with 3rd len 0°on top. The result will be 50% brightness of the original light! Wat?! 😱
Wait; you said the first experiment without a loophole was in 2015, yet Alain Aspect's experiments in 1982 showing the violation earned him a Nobel prize... So what loophole is there in his experiments?
re the patrons... is that THE Tony Fadell? like the inventor of the iPod?
when i was 15 this stuff i can easily understand but lately [23] im getting horrible migrains. is that bad?
I know quantum physic really good. And we used the polarisation filters a lot in school. But we only used two filters and never three. And I think this video tells my why =D I'm going to study this topic a lot more in the future when I'll graduat from university. I love quantum mechanics 🚀
Like minutephysics, have a beard, wear glasses. Checking in.
And thats why you look at light as a wave function in this case with filters and it all makes sense.
In the 1780s Immanuel Kant presaged quantum weirdness though he didn't know it at the time.  What Kant claimed in Critique of Pure Reason is that reasoning is a faculty of the brain, like digestion is a faculty of the stomach/intestines.  So Kant's claimed that if ever the mind is presented with data it can't physically digest then the data will be forever confusing and unreasonable. \n\nIn the 1780s the scientific revolution was in it's childhood, but at that point it did seem like data+reasoning was absolutely perfect and would never run into trouble. Quantum weirdness, like Bell's Theorem and double-slit experiment, et al, is, me thinks, showing up reasoning as being imperfect. If this imperfection was more widely understood then we might see a reduction in the number of hard materialists with their all is determined world view that leads to fatalism and human conflict.
You two should have a podcast.
If you can't explain something in a simple way, you don't understand it yourself.
i fuck with a random universe HEAVY hidden variables swallow balls
The two of you should do a podcast.
I love both of these channels and it was amazing to see this collaboration!
This is probably stupid, but I kept thinking that when the filter is offset by a small degree, some of the light is blocked, but some of the light gets nudged to that offset degree. And the less is the degree difference between two filters, the more likely the light is to be nudged than blocked. So by adding more filters, we creates a smoother transition for the light to turn 45 degrees.\nKinda like a physical object, if launched at a 90 degree turn, it will just ram in to it and stop, but if we add a 45 degree step, it will bounce, and if we keep adding curvature, we reduce the drop in speed. Something like this.
I have a question about the experiment:\nFor the filters 1 , 2 and 3 at the time index 1:05. After inserting the 3rd filter between 1 and 2.\nDid you tried to  further rotate the 2nd filter until a point  which perpendicular to the 3rd filter?\nif so What happened to the intensity of the light then? \nI wonder if it becomes dark again. \nIf I find some filters I will try it myself also.
17minutephysics
3Blue1Brown sounds a lot like CGPGrey.
Im stupid
3Blue1Brown is the bomb
Lost me around 11:00
I liked this but stil.. 20minutesearth
I understood nothing
Is that MORDICHI! 😮😮😮
it doesnt look brighter at all wtf is thisvideo even on aobut
?CONFUSION ALERT?!!!!!!!
Damn physics, you scary.
im a magnet!
FSM Confirmed. 5:37
I'm hungry
great video, ignore the haters
Sheldon???
Thats amazing
AHHHH STOP IT!!!!\n\nIMMA GET A FUCKING SEZIURE
Your content is good, but the word is NOT ex spearmint. Your accent is not your fault, but I'm guessing your pronunciation of the word grates on a lot of viewers, esp from British/Australian backgrounds. If you practice sounding out each syllable: ex speh rih ment (emphasising the i after the r being most important - should sound like ex spare ribbon) you will no doubt annoy people less with that. Yes, I realise most people (mostly Americans) will find this comment obnoxious :P
Why You think about it in a static way.\nWhat IFFF filter at <45degree actually can rotate photons instead of blocking them thus allowing them to move trough another filter
The miztourage has nothing to do with it wth
Wrestling and trash talking at the same time?\nThis was seriously interesting which to see more of it, something like a trash talk/wrestling match would be awesome.
Welcome to the no pressure zone
I actually freakin like the idea of letting wrestlers do the talking right during the match. Do it more, WWE.
I call this one talk trash match.
1:13 \nThe miz: hey Enzo how you doin\nRandom guy ( I think grim): he is not doing that good
I never liked enzo... really he is james elseworth in raw... I agree with cory graves
Ladies and Gentlemen your winners by Disqualification Enzo Amore
I think horn swoggle might be the daddy (:
The Miz is love.... The Miz is life
squash  match
Enzo sucks. Enzo Annoying
Who cares if miz & maryse are having a baby hey maryse whos your daddy😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Savage!!!
Who is your dady
Miz pls retire Enzo he's garbage 🗑
wow dis is the first time i likke the miz #awesome
So This Is What Happens When U Have Backstage Heat Good To Know
Who's is Liv'sDADDY
NEW STORYLINE: THE DAD OF THE CHILD IS ACTUALLY ENZO!
He's not doing to good - Random Guy
The running commentary in that match had me about to BOL!
Enzo killed it hhah
Yea teach Enzo a lesson
Who's your daddy shirts will be coming soon
the question you should of be asking is how you doing the question you should be asking that baby is who's your daddy
The Miz is getting old and boring.
2:20 what did the crowd chant
only vincemcmahon can tell us..... who is ur daddy?? lol...
Who's your daddy 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😅😅 Roll over the floor laughing
Enzo sells like he's dead
Question you need to be asking that baby who's your daddy 😂😂😂😂
Miz acting like DJ Khaled at one point
*Who's* *Your* *Daddy*
What kind of match is this
Who's your daddy
Enzo just can't catch a damn break ...L after L After L's
I thought Enzo was now in the cruiserweight division?
If you hear Simon Gotch's interview, he really hates Enzo.
Enzo deserved that to get beaten because what he said, he even cheated on live Morgan
the father is Bo dallas
“How you doing?” “He’s not doing too good.” 😂😂
The baby's dad is obviously Kurt Angle.......
So funny who your daddy
Make Enzo as the manager of Shinsuke Nakamura....\nBoth can make a lot of money together!
Knowing WWE,Maryse gonna be revealed to be the surrogate mother of the lovechild of Bo Dallas and Stephanie McMahon.😂
WHO'S YOUR DADDY?!
The face of Maryse in the final is like, Enzo is right, Miz is not the Daddy
Hope the story doesn't turn out to be like the one with Kane,  lita and snitcky or how ever you say that guy's name
Enzo is good on the mic but can't hold a candle to The Miz.
Miz is one of the most entertaining wrestlers out there, I swear
3:07 look at the ref trying to count but realized it was a DQ
You know the roast is real when your own wife laughs at you
1:10 how you doin! He's not doin too good😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 I'm crying
Dude, I can already tell, Enzo's Charisma is going to change the WWE. No matter what the WWE do, if the WWE doesn't understand the potential character Enzo brings to the WWE universe, and get like minded guys like him, dishing it out in all weight classes, the WWE is going to stay stagnant forever, and eventually boring. Enzo in my opinion is the leader in recreating the next gen. Attitude era.
1:53 were they actually fighting 😲😰
Did Enzo just beat the IC champion?
This is ridiculous , why is Enzo getting so much air time on the main roster when he is already on 205 Live and he's the least talented overall there ? Seriously it just makes the roster look bad
Yo the Miz is so week in some of them
Hey Enzo you don't look like a human who's your mommy
How come enzo can fight the main roster but not aries
Enzo is all talk he couldn't hit a egg 😂😂
Enzo is on a win streak
I thought enzo was in the cruiserweights
wow miz u dam sure couldn't do that to the others without help
1:56 if this doesn't win a slammy, I don't know what to say
I know this was scripted but it was real. Look how fast Miz got up after Enzo asked, Who's your daddy?. Enzo was buried alive by Miz. Both in the promo and in the match.
The miz and enzo should have an promo match
A storyline where Enzo amore is maryus baby daddy
You know, i really like the Miz as a heel but now for some weird reason I want him to become a face. Even though he is an awesome heel.
how you doing
Enzo is smart
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/yc49gcl5
My favorite was 2:43
I like miz
savage
Enzo at 2:00 though!!!!! 😂😂😂👌
Whos ya daddy😂
1:58 rip miz
let me quess enzo lost
1:11 someone actually responds omg I'm dead
Enzo Enzo Enzo yes I like Enzo hi Enozo
mMIZ SUCKS
Go miz SKULL CRUSHING FINALLY
1:59 who's ya daddy 😂😂😂
Miz needs a new finisher!
Noo miz and masrys
Whos your daddy
Funny match
how u doin?
1:58 enzo just pissed off the miz
Miz Super sucks
Damn Enzo is a Savage!
Enzos face after the skull crushing finally LUL
Miz can’t beat Enzo without interference lmfaooo
Right
Wish they stop doing enzo dirty smh
Enzo asked for it 😕
Whos' Who's who's
Miz's worst combacks 2017compilation
I'm addicted !!
Underrated asf
Beautiful song
the song is pure art and the official video is too , legendary
I can't feel my love without this song.
When James Arthur is in the title you HAVE to drop everything and listen😍❤️
can we take a moment just to appreciate how beautiful that thumbanil is?
Muito amor por essa música! ❤
Best song ever
SPECTACULAR WORK!!!\nThe dancing is superb and the angles used in every shot tells a stiry and contributes to the power of the MUSIC. \n\nGREAT WORK!!!
Black supremacy.
Além da música ser boa, fiquei gamada no dançarino principal ❤
Love it! 😍😍😍
One word\n\n\n\n\n\nBeautiful
Pewdiepie hates u guys
Sponsored by PUMA.
Love Poland
sun worshipping
Thinkyouknowmusic on Twitter brought me here.
Poland 💜
.
More Rudimental & James Arthur please🙌🙌
amazing!!!
Fantastic video.  Love it 💗
I♥this song
The visuals.....holy 😍😍😍😍
Paul Pogba \n\nLol\n\nRudimental is back
*BEFORE 100K*
This is amazing ❤️
😁🎶🎧🎵
Love this one
2:10 is MASTERPIECE  *_*
Whos here before 500,000
Love it
love the video
Nice!!
Love it!
Wow
66 الف بس احا
I love it
yyeeahhh ofical video finnaly out
is it mekhi alante lucky?
❤ mistrzostwo świata😍🙏👌
this song + this video =🔥🔥🔥
finally
AHHH HE FINALLY SMILED
🌞
great!
I prefer Stripped Version
I spent 3 weeks trying to find this song. i did finally. Shazam to the rescue
Saw James live recently and he was absolutely AMAZING. Watching him perform and hearing him sing blew me away. Turned me into even more of a fan than I was before. Love this song, what a great collaboration! :)
Someone needs to sing this on x factor.
Me encanta este tema,  sobre todo el principio...  Gran tema
This is one of the few good things that's happened this year... *#LoveThisSong*
I don't like this song \n\n\n\n\nI love it
THIS IS CREATIVE.... THIS TALENT SHOULD BE APPRECIATED..!!!
Just Amazing !!!\nGreat job James
Oh my ... Gosh by Jamie xx https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTGJfRPLe08 I love your music but this video ...
I used to be a fan now I'm an air conditioner
Sounds like every other dance tune.
Here before a million views
I've made a cover of James on my channel, tell me if you like it 🤗
who is dis beautiful man dancing in the video 8D?
2:21 reminds me of kings by Years and Years
Well done Sonwabile!! Mad love for you man! The whole world is going to know your name soon!
This music video is telling the story of the rise of Lucifer. Whip out your Illuminati bingo cards, because this video isn't even remotely subtle.
That boy is FINE
https://youtu.be/A7NZ57TyaFo \n\nPlease watch my cover and tell me what you think. Thanks.
Isn't that the jailbird guy, with the two different colored eyes?
Who's watching this in 2017 :)
James n Adele need to make a album together lol
Who's Here before A million!
My Favourite part is from 00:01 to  3:25 ❤️ love you James!!
James is sooo good. Hi 👋 from moscow
Great songs and vocals that sort of music just makes you smile 😏
I love this song 😘💗
Wow, it's so cool music.🦄
this kid pulling of 720s and I can't on 20 sensitivity smh
That dude must be dizzy from all of that spinning...
Really miss the old Rudimental :(
Who's this guy?😍😍 \nLove that song !!!
0:12 what's his name?
is this POGBA in disguise ?
I love this song ❤
WHO IS THE GUY 😍
Love this clip.. I also love the clip featuring James Arthur singing with the sun rise in the background.. as a James Arthur fan I'm so happy to hear the song.. it's great.
The UK banging out the tunes as usual.\n\nDoing what we are good at. Making music and eating fish finger sandwiches !
Lyrics \n\n[Verse 1]\nI wonder, maybe they'd never find me\nI've been waitin' such a long, long, long time to feel it\nSwallowed by the waters around me\nThough I took so many wrong, wrong, wrong turns to see it, woah\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nBut I dance through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sat 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\n[Chorus]\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn\nAnd I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n \n\n[Verse 2]\nIt wasn't easy tryin' to run with these handcuffs\nI had to sleep through such a cold, cold, cold night to see it\nGreen flashes hit me right where I'm standing\nSunlight cut into your bones, bones, bones, started to heal it\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nBut I dance through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sat 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\n[Chorus]\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn\nAnd I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n \n\n[Bridge]\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nWon't you give it\nGive a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nWon't you give it\nTurn your light on me\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little, to get a little love\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nTo get a little love back\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nDance through the blisters at night\nI laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sat 'til my lungs were burnin'\nI'm alive, alive\nI can't hear words no more\n \n\n[Chorus]\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love\nSun comes up again, my love\nUntil the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nI can feel my love, I can feel my love\n\n[Outro]\nSun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again
nothing special. I hear the same as the others shitty EDM songs. Sometimes I am tired of this type of music.
the actor look like paul pogba but he is using puma and pogba adidas
I really love this. You are now my favorite.
Who's the main dancer?
Yet another great song from Rudimental. Can't wait to see them again!! <3
Felt like I was watching a puma commercial BUT it was absolutely beautiful.
This song is amazing ☺️😍
Been waiting on this video since the day I know they released this. Always so good to watch Rudimental videos.
AMAZING VOICE! so obsessed. Makes me turn the radio up and dance like no ones there. A great tune that im putting on repeat! ♡
So good to come home from school and see this waiting for me, honestly was so excited for this to come out. Big fan of James and of course Rudimental and this really made my day❤️🙏
The dancing is just amazing. This is so motivational 😍
Who's before 1 million?
In a song?? All Too Well is #That song
All too well is such a masterpiece
All to well is the best ts song
Maggie looks like she's an aristocrat from the 1930's.
all too well is not just A song is THE song
I love how Andy keeps trying to stir the pot regarding T Swift and not one of these older celebrities gives a shit
left my scarf there, at your sister's house, and YOU still got it IN YOUR DRAWER even now.
its i left my scarf there at your sister house and you still got it in your drawer even now
Maybe someone can use that scarf and silence Taylor swift.
All Too Well is her best song
Taylor's too ugly for jake anyways... Cringy piece of shit.
white women going extinct when white men invent the ai and the artificial wombs deus vult white men already invented a robot that cooks a full meal coming out in 2018 artificial wombs soon will be out \n4-5 years (lets hope) ai females that can talk and have secs alrdy out today and will be more realistic each year / month ..... think about it why do we suffer for white women they only ruin our rep and our white might to virtue signal to the leftist elite and the monky negros\ntech will save the white man
well said Maggie who cares, swiftards should get over it, Taylor's  BS is exhausting
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
Taylors saying I fucked jake at your sisters house
She been looking grandmothery for the last ten years...she just has one of those grandmother faces
All Too Well is the best song to ever exist *period*
THE SCARF IS CLEARLY IN HIS DRAWR, EVEN NOW
Maggie G. looks like Sloth from The Goonies.
DAFUQ she has on, an aluminum foil dress?
it might not have been about jake?
im sure Taylor has many more missing scarves
inquiring minds want to know. god I'm going to retch.
I love Maggie's ring!
Olivia B is a legend for asking that question haha! Especially if that's a false name to honour Taylor's cat!
Shes aging quickly
Give it back!
Why does she look 90?
Secret: Andy Cohen is really......Alex Trebec....
Its my grandma!
Find in Maggie
wow people actually ask Maggie about the scarf? lol, it's jake you need to ask!
Can't believe my video 10 Kittens 1st Day Outside has over 2 million views now! \nGo check it out and hit that subscribe button!  xoxo Sarina 😊 \n\nhttps://youtu.be/DcJk32AJckg
Wait a minute... what happened to but you keep my old scarf from that very first week, cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me?  \nI thought she was talking about him not his sister.. i mean yes, she left it at his sister's house at one point but then he got it and kept it to himself
50 s laugh...contagious 😂😂😂😂
Her face reminds me of that old episode of the Twilight Zone, when the old man that was dying made his relatives wear masks to recieve their inheritance. js
She's ugly.
WHY DON'T YOU AFRICAN FOLKS GET BACK TO AFRICA AND SPEAK YOUR OWN AFRICAN LANGUAGES AND LIVE WHERE YOU BELONG AND LEAVE US CAUCASIAN PEOPLE AND OUR ENGLISH LANGUAGE ALONE AND GO FUCK YOURSELVES! GO MIND YOUR OWN AFRICAN BUSINESS IN AFRICA LIKE THE ASIANS MIND THEIR OWN BUSINESS IN ASIA LEAVE CAUCASIAN WHITE PEOPLES ALONE. GO HOME. GO MAKE SOME POP AND RAP MUSIC IN YOUR OWN AFRICAN LANGUAGES IN AFRICA YOU MUDDAFUCKAS!
She might not have that scarf but she sure has the face of a hound dog ...😕😕😕😕
Damn how desperate for 'drama' is he to ask a irrelevent stupid question!!Never mind the person making a career out of bashing old partners/friends..
Maggie Gyllenhaal is one of Hollywoods ugliest celebrities.  Proof that you don't need talent or good looks to become famous, just Jewish connections.
Holy fuck, those are the types of fries I fuck with, look at that sexy ass salt just hugging the fuck outta it! I'll eat that sandwich, well both of them in one sitting!
Jesus christ sean is so fucking smooth
F*ck that's delicious. I've had that shit on pre-order since I knew it was coming out. Sits on my shelf next to Julia Child, Kent Rollins.
Should of put coleslaw on Sean's.
action's sandwich had my mouth watering till i saw the bread
I haven't put too much effort into lunch recently, that might need to change.  I might pick up a copy of Action's book too.
Need a recurring Sean & Action show pls.
You can see in Action's eyes that he knew he lost lol...I love all three of these dudes tho. Keep doing your thing Sean, you're the best interviewer out there.
I could watch Sean and Action Bronson every week. Mario Batali was a welcomed guest, they all had great chemistry on this episode. More of these 3 in future episodes hopefully.
nobody is in house youre outside you fucking nerd
Amazing. I love that it's not just a showcase of making amazing food, but directs the audience on how to learn to make amazing food in their own kitchens - bravo!
Can't believe what I'm seeing. heart-attack in a bun basically, and when Mario Batalli launches himself into it, it's like seeing the alien dislodge its jaw and suck the life out of its victim.
that cheese in Bronson's made me nut
Bronson ALWAYS over compensates by throwing together fancy ingredients. Action, you're trying too hard!
wow they got Mario on this shit! Daam Sean doing big things in the food world!
We want more action Bronson one of my favorite rappers
The amount of respect in Bronson's voice to Batali is heartwarming and shows his passion for cooking goes beyond doing it for fun.
Mario is like you combines both of them lol
Action Bronson is such a sweetheart.
Those berries and jalapeno on fresh side pork has to be fantastic.
I think this is my favorite YouTube video of all time
action bronson looks like a t h i c c   bearded sean evans
Mario Batali is slowly turning into former Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer.
Action kinda seemed like a dick on the last episode he was on with Sean, but looks like they were best buds in this one, good shit. Also, I would devour both of those sandwiches lol
In Pittsburgh or Pixburgh we pronounce it permanees... I'll let yinz pass n at
I didn't even like ab before this show. I'm coming around.
had a great time watching, thank you.
Mario Batali looks like if Sean and Action had a baby
Wow i learned lots from mario its nice to see him getting some street credit.
I hope action bronson dies from being hit by a meteor.. a bus wouldn't do it
Much love for the channel guys. Ive said it before i'll say it again. Hot Ones is the best, but Sean in the wild is a close 2nd ---- Plus I think its a secret way to get Sean out of his element, also know as weening him out of his hoodies!
BamBam didn't put the jalapeños in the sauce, y'all. That's why they put in the 'ends'. Still, though, I'd have picked his hands down. Yum!
Damn Mario Batali just made me think of a naked Action Bronson, why tf did he have to say that I was enjoying the sandwich eating
The best part is when action has a heart attack and dies.
No cooks will ever agree to this.. Raw Break on this ? Hope you like a soggy POS !
Sean Evans could make me a sandwich naked anytime he wants.
Action's sandwich is like a fancy version of something you'd make when you're completely stoned.
When can we see Mario on Hot Ones?
Action Bronson is such a rookie!! Hes a terrible stoned chef... hes just a fat piece of crap who has some good raps, yet he is so untrained and unskilled, jagoff! Love my boy Sean Evans though!
Great ingredients, probably great flavor combos, but why the fuck wonder bread?
Action Bronson is kind of an ironic name given his size.
This looks like Epic Mealtime but these guys are serious and think it's tasteful hahaha
My new life goal is to grow a Bronson Beard
That sandy look GARB AF Bronson. Cookbook on the way tho
I love watching, all of, a great YouTube clip and then fully wanting to read the comments to see what other people think 😌. In my convoluted way of talking, that basically that the video is that good! More of Sean and Bronson together please 🤞🏽
I feel like if he never had that orange beard it wouldn’t make him as unique.
I am so happy this channel exists. It makes the world a better place.
8:05 sneak dissssssss
Ew
Viva Colombia y viva el chicharrón! Aguante Action Bronson papaa!
What a COLLAB
Fire Sauce Bacon Sizzling Remix to RICO! https://youtu.be/BElfKHvqWV4
Brilliant vid
love it
*Fuck!*
Love Mario
Batali being a crazy good sport
Action your look better
Hes the shit
Love action Bronson...love his viceland show
Sean Evans jus through some shit together
Damn, those shoes tho Bronson.
Those sandwiches look amazing
Damn Action got stacks
All of the 3 guys go well together, humour is nice and not forced. Great vid.
Shouts out to Primanti's. Here in Pittsburgh we put fries on everything and win Stanley Cups
What type of cheese did he use?
sean could have even mixed the tapatio and maple syrup together in kinda a hot honey style glaze for this sammie
These guys need a show together.
what a heart attack meal. Fat there, fat everywhere..can't imagine bambams vains in 10 years
He's like a fat Post Malone
An obese guy makes a cook book on how to eat healthy...
Action looks so happy when Mario compliments him. I love it.
As a Pittsburgher it warms my heart to even hear pramanti bros. mentioned here.
and me here failing to boil eggs....
fat fuck u trash with the rest of this generation of so call rappers
Bronson's sandwich LOOKED good but I'm not confident about the taste at all.
Classy rapper. He knows how to present himself. I would love to hear his stories.
Never eat anything Action cooks, it may have a hair in it for sure.
them jeans suckk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nthe really make ur legs look messed up this is to help the channel
As delicious as they look I'd rather have Action's money knot. Holy fuck
What shoes action b have on??
What a great episode. I loved every moment of it. :-) Keep up the great work you guys and keep them coming. I liked the different style of it from Hot Ones and this was a pleasure to watch.
Ruin it with white Wonder bread.
Probably the whitest cast on YouTube
I'd give me my left nut for either of those sandwich.
He's always super baked.
Actions dank sandwich, served on wonder bread wtf?
Colombian Chicarron=Heaven!!! Action's Sandwich looked delicious!
Gross. Too fatty for me.
Action Bronson looks like a viking. Ducked Ragnar lothbrook looking ass lol
Action Bronson  is a big Fucking baby and disrespectful scum bag. Fuck this Rolly Polly.
That pork looks beautiful
im high as fuck
I want those sandwiches, damn.
FUCKING EXCELLENT EPISODE MAN
8:25 Scary shit.
Bronson's sandwhich looked a fuck load better
How could you not fuck with action Bronson he'll smoke you out and cook a bomb ass meal!!!! IT DONT GET MORE 🔥 THAN THAT!!!
Thought it was all guys come out closet lol jk
Congratulations! Good luck in Canada, Nile !
Hey Nile. I am fan. I am from India. How can I get on of your T-shirts?
Aweeeee!!!! your dad is super funny!!!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 so cool to see your family so involved! ❤️❤️ much luv to them and you from California 💋😘
Great job  \nNeil were all proud of you!
Way to Go! Congratulations all the way from Texas.
You and the boys should play hide and seek in the gym sometime. I think it would be a good time.
I was literally crying at that high bar :'l
Your dad is a legend and congrats!!
who sings you are the sunshine in my life
Congratulations! You're such a harder worker and an inspiration! I've been inspired to get back into gymnastics being a former competitive gymnast myself. I'd LOVE to get my stalder press back. Keep up the great work Nile!!
Well done Nile you did amazing ✌🏻✌🏻
You, mister, are absolutely amazing! Congratulations!! Not letting a pesky ankle surgery stand in the way of your success 😎 I think you'd be a really good coach, have you thought about coaching later on?
Always enjoy watching your videos Nile - but I never usually comment - However I enjoyed this one so much - your family are just amazing and funny too - especially your Dad Neil - glad we've been there and helped you a little bit along the way too :-) Paul @Teamplsport
Keep going strong brother... Your inspiration to everyone in the world!
I'm so proud of you Nile!!! What a champion!
You rock, like honestly. Love from France!!
You have the coolest dad ever
Nile's daddy is SO HOT!! WOOF!!!
Would it be possible if u could post a house playlist???
You did so good, I love you xx💖🎉
Had goose bumps throught the entire video.\nYou are one of the biggest inspirations for me to got to the gym and train train train💪
your the most inspirational guy iv'e ever seen thanks so much and i'm glad you won
You are so good at it congrats
hi, welcome to Chili's
Literally am overwhelmed with the support you have from your family . You have over these past few months proved to me that it doesnt matter what or who you are you can achieve anything i have a baby in hospital he had been there a year and i want him to achieve anything he wants with support from family you have proved anything is possible
Well done Nile! So proud of you , you really are an inspiration to us all, thankyou for sharing your journey with all of us viewers #trainsmartkeepitreal. Laura
Congratulations!! nice to meet your channel\n\nP.D: Time - Hans Zimmer song was amazing in this video
Congrats Nile!! I've been watching your journey for a long time now and I have to say this video almost bought a tear to my eye. I bet your family are so proud as we are as your subscribers. Your motivation is inspiring, keep up the hard work and become the best.
Always keepin it real. Congratulations Niel! Good thing your dad won't need therapy and wont gain an eye switch. Lol He is so funny.
The last scene made me so nervous
It's actually made of chocolate. \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Good job, Nile! ;-)
Congratulations Nile you done very well from kai
8:03 is crazy!! The turn, i didnt even realize.. Nice!
Which remix of sun comes up is that playing please ?? X
Hey Nile , your motivation and positivity is incredible,and you could probably succeed in literally anything you put your mind to. How did you decide that it was gymnastics you wanted to devote yourself to?
You are such an inspiration Nile xx
Why the fuck is this dumb cunt always trending?!?!
Your HBar routine actually made me tear up 😂😢❤️
Nile, you have a wonderful family!  You are a special young man.  It is great getting to know you from your videos.  Throughout my life, I only watch Olympics and other than that, I am not one to follow sports.  Essentially, I watch only 2-minutes of sports per year is what I tell folks; as that is the length of the Kentucky Derby, which was started by a distant cousin of mine in 1875 and it is the oldest North American sport.  Getting to see more of the behind-the-scenes watching you and that seriously cute Tom Daley, and the other cute gay man, Steele Johnson, has all been fun.  Until Youtube, we only knew what little we saw about athletes on national TV.\n\nIt is great that you are documenting your career so be able to reflect on it in your future, but also to leave a positive legacy for your family.\n\nHey, your videos could be greatly improved by avoiding having the constant moving of the background where the brighter lights show up.  Always having the lights BEHIND THE CAMERA means that you are better illuminated and your camera has fewer problems trying to deal with that constantly changing background.  A tripod could greatly improve these issues.\n\nGenerally speaking, you need to always have Key (primary lighting on YOU), then a secondary lighting from one or both sides (but the light fixtures are not seen in the view of the camera), then a lower backlighting to dress (illuminate the background).\n\nAs you are using auto focus most of the time, then it is vital you don't have stronger backlights or the audience cannot see you or whatever you try to show.\n\nHaving that natural backlighting becomes too pronounced during segments of the video.  Finding somewhere for the sit-down interview is less upsetting for the audience than having too much swirling of your background scenery.\n\nRespectfully,\nBrennan\nCinematographer/aerial videographer/producer/etc.
Anyone know the song at 6:50
Anyone know what the song at 6:50 is??
Gave me goose bumps, you have worked so hard for this, i subscribed when you just had your injury. Well done and keep pushing to be your best!
Nike thank you for all your inspirational videos and entrainment over the last few months I've gone through a huge injury like you but your the one who inspired to keep working hard and yet your the one who's helped me come on leaps and bounds over the last two months without your great talent and videos I would be lost and definitely not at the point I'm at now thank you Nile I LOVE YOU CX❤❤
Well done Nile you disservice it so much ❤
well congrats on being in #trending as well :)
8:13 , I just had goosebumps with the music \nYou're so inspirational and motivational Nile!
This video is trending on YouTube!
Like for Neil btw my names Niall I know it's spelt different but it sounds the same
Wow, that high bar routine gave me the chills. Utterly amazing! Yeeee Nile!
Nile you are very good!
Congratulations. So proud of you xxx
Congrulations on your competition! :D Good to have your friends and family cheering besides you for you to prevail ^_^
rockin the leotard to gold, on ya mate
I litterly cried when Nile landed the high bar !!!
I feel like a proud parent 😂 well done Nile you bloody legend x
Which of ur two dads did it make cry???
are u gunna coach when your finished ;)
Congratulations on your win, your comeback and all the success throughout your journey!
congrats, is it me or does the mini competitions between friends you do actually more fun than the main event :)
I'm not getting emotional, you are.
What I love the most is how supportive your family are! That must help so much!
Well done Nile i'm so proud of you 💪🏽
Awesome high bar showing for you.  I've learned so much about gymnastics from watching you.  It's an amazing sport.  Keeping it real here in CT, USA...
You're really increadible! Congrats, man!) That was  an unbelievably degree of  skills!
Congratulations Nile! Love your mom's look btw, beatiful woman!
I am just sitting here eating my cereals, crying😜
This is so sweet! Ur dad's so supportive, and u did so amazingly well! Really admire all the hard work you do!
Is it just me or in the thumbnail he looks like he is holding a piece of shit
Good on you Nile, you have inspired me to do great things and I am truly grateful
incredible man u are the best gymnast, this video encouraged me thanks and for u keep winning, congratulations bro😎🙌🙌
Hans Zimmer
I cried and I subd
Congratulations Nile
Awesome bro
Yaaaaaayyyyy!!!!!! Congratulations Nile!!!!!!!
Congratulations. You're so awesome.
so good Nile, well done dude!!
Yeyyyyy!!! Congratulations!
Congrats Nile!!!
YESSSSSSSSS NILE THANKYOU FOR BEING SO INSPIRATIONAL !!!!
Your family's awesome
Impressive Nile,\nCongrat's ;)
OMG Congratz! :D Amazing routines btw! And your family is awesome, haha!
Io
Background music
Congrats bro, you smashed it💪
Well done nile :)
Well done!!!! You deserved that!! ❤️🎉🎉🎉🎉
Congrats Nile !!!!
congrats nile!!!
Well done Nile 🎊🎉🎊🎉
YAY!!!!! CONGRATULATIONS NILE!! WE LOVE YOU!!
I'm literally crying😭💗
Congratulations Nile!  Phenomenal!!!!!!!!!!
Making us proud nile <3
9:04
He is soooooooo handsome 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
echt ga zo door , je bent geweldig . volg jou en Bram Verhofstad . turnen is ook mijn leven ,en geef les . bedankt voor alle inspiratie. duimpje ophoog
Eres el mejor felicidades 👏✌😁
He's stupidly good looking but that's not all, there's more. He can sing and act. How does one guy get so lucky
Some of ya'll need to realize that Harry didn't cover this song to one up the original or make a better version. That was 100% not his intention going in to cover this song. He loves Fleetwood Mac and he has said on several occasions that Stevie Nicks is on of his biggest inspirations. Ever stop to consider that maybe he covered the song because he just wanted to sing a song he loved in tribute to a band that means a lot to him?
Most of the comments are on his voice which is good so I'm pleased comment section
Is it wrong that I watch this everyday??
This is one of the greatest things I've ever heard wow goosebumps everywhere
The woman playing the piano looks a lot like Mantis in Guardians of the Galaxy vol.2! It's kinda funny as well how this is one of GOTG2 soundtracks😂
Mitch's P90 loaded Les Paul Goldtop and his tone is soooo soothing!
♥I love you and proud of all of you ♥
Thanks to this hipster twat one of my favourite songs is now ruined. I can just here the autotune that they used in the studio. One Direction was shit enough as it is but the fact that they're trying so desperately to cling on by doing solo careers after they should've stayed broken up and gone is ridiculous.
the drummer is way to fast, but than again its hard to drum this song
I'm sorry, but how about his fucking band
Talented performance all around... But that guitar tuning! I bet that was just killing that dude the whole time too 😬
Guardians of The Galaxy... 😏
I want to listen to him singing in my shower so bad.
I love the vibe he gives
Get me off this millenial wonder page asap
Fantastic vocals. But the electric guitar was not in the same key as the original. A bit distracting.
I dont want this to end!! Damnn u harry
*tone of the chain* where did my wig goooooooooooo??
Can we just take a moment to appreciate Harry's voice AND THE GOD DAMN  Drummer!? WOW She killed it :D                      HARRY TOO with that angel voice <3
did not care for it  there isnothing like the original
wow nice cover man you should audition for the x factor or the voice or something
Favorite singer singing a song from a favorite movie of mine🤤🤤❤️
Some into the wild soundtrack maybe, it would be amazing
Side note: did anybody notice the running time of this video? 4:20! Ha!
u need to get kaleo on this show! 😍👏
Harry Styles has no talent! oh... right 😂
I'm glad this is a thing
That guitar solo killed me
i'm so here for this
I NEED A WHOLE MF ALBUM OF COVERS LIKE THIS MY GOOOODDD MY MANS DID THAT 😭 HES SUCH A DOLL IS THERE ANYTHING THAT HE CANT DO FUCK
Everything about this is amazing, seriously
The guitar was not very good at all. Didnt capture lindseys vibe at all
I'm so thankful Harry appreciates the magic of fleetwood
I swear this incredible ray of sunshine never ceases to amaze me
MY GUY I LOVE YOU BITCH
I'm crying he's so beautiful and talented and ahhhhhwhshshsh my baby
Omg my favourite band fleetwood mac being covered by my fav British boy Harry styles💜💚
Where can I download this???
They couldn't reproduce Lindsey Buckingham's lead solo. Close but no cigar
What a talented human
This, his cover of Ultra Lightbeam, and his cover of Wild Thoughts NEED TO BE ON SPOTIFY SO I CAN PLAY IT ON REPEAT
Is this heaven, hello?
L O V E his talent ❣️❣️❣️
yo, I love fleetwood mac, and when I found out Harry was doing a cover, i almost cried
I love you now, and forever.
tons and tons of talent ever since the x factor days.. doing so good man i'll see you october 10th :)
Im just always amazed every time he sings... He is such a beautiful human being!
my dad just said harry gots a good band he's really not fan Harry and the 1D boys but he likes it.
Not a fan of HS, but this was phenomenal
When you get a ZAYN ad...
THIS IS MY FAVORITE FLEETWOOD MAC SONG
he's amazing, and his band, whoaaaa. that bass line is tooo fire
He never fails to amaze me
talent at it's best. there's nothing this man can't do! an absolute legend!
Ugh i really didn't want to like it but he is good 😠😠. Kudos.
MY FAVORITE PERSON IN THE WORLD SINGING MY ALL TIME FAVORITE SONG, I DON'T DESERVE THIS
we love stanning a talented king!
I'm dead by
*harry claps\n*everyone claps
i am speechless
SHOWTIME A-HOLES
he did that.
NOW DO TUSK!
zzzzz
This video is 4:20
THIS SHIT IS BREATHTAKING BRO
Looks like an adolescent Steve Winwood.
i nutted 4 times
https://youtu.be/riOq8pRl7vs
he killed it.
Uncle Liam Gallagher please
soft
He's like alittle baby munchkin
Yuck.
Clare is so pretty ❤️
Ooooh😘 wow amazing 😇💛
WWWWOOOOHHOOOOO
fucking brilliant! !
THIS IS PERFECT IM SCREECHING
awesome band....and harry
This is insanely good
THAT WAS AMAZING
Absolutely amazing. Love you guys.
The hottest thing ever!
♥️MYSWEETBABY♥️IZZA♥️BRILLIANT~WONDERFUL~AMAZING~SENSATIONAL♥️🎤🎤🎼🎼🎸🎸🥁🥁🎻🎻🎷🎷🎺🎺💃🏻🕺🏻♥️🌟🌟😍😍♥️EXTREMELY~TALENTED♥️🌟🌟♥️😘😘💋💋🤗🤗♥️ILOVEYUIBABY♥️ #R1LiveLoungeMonth💖💖
TEMAZO
kill me
i stan
speechless...
fuck yeas
Good version 👍
SHIT FUCK HARRY,  I WANNA KNOW WHO THE BACKGROUND VOCALIST WAS AND HOW SHE LIKE HER EGGS IN THE MORNING ( I'm an avid Harry fan, don't come for me)
Sorry but Harry Styles is the only person from 1D that has actual, natural talent.
As a guitarist and not really a huge fan of Harry styles, this cover is fantastic but that guitarist ruins it, out of tune and just seemed like he didn't know what he was playing.
Imagine being this talented and hot at the same time.  Just Harry Styles, everybody.
posernstheposerbansdsysfvcsksysvonslysfleetwoodmacsysdosthlsfvcsksysvposershltesforssvresys
Did Mitch cut his hair😭😱😰
The thumbnail shows him playing the guitar but he's not even playing it in the video lol
The real question is... When does he hold the guitar like in the thumbnail???
aka a tree hugger's guide to phones
This is an asmr voice if I ever heard one
What do I do when I am sad?I watch a youtube video...on my phone.
Start from unsubscribe and stop watching YouTube
Even this video is being watched on the phone by millions
I watched this on my iPhone.
Television .... newspapers.... knowledge.... humans have a constant desire for it.  There ya go! Have a nice day !
I'm in Florida and just had hurricane Irma pass over us. I been without internet for about 4 to 5 days and it has been of my worst days in many recent years. I've come to realize how much I'm attached to this device.
I think you have something of a point here, but it doesn't apply universally. I sit with my thoughts alone all the time and yet I also use my phone a lot. I'm constantly self-reflecting and this isn't impaired by my phone usage.
Our phones and immediate connection to all those around us have revolutionized our culture. Granted, this myopic generalized self commentary on how you perceive people is well done and calming but it's redundant and ironic. The fact that I can stay connected to everyone I know albeit through a device is extremely comforting. Of course we're isolated in our worlds, that's always been the case, but imagine how isolating it would be if you couldn't contact someone when you needed to?  \nKeep making videos guys!
The people's heads look like golf clubs. I don't like that.
Right on time of the X.
Deep philosophy. I love how this video gives people the perspective they need
When you look back in your life and remember the happiest moments, do they all have something in common? I thought that probably for most of us,  those were the moments where we felt totally absorbed in something we loved to do, to a point where we forgot about time and about ourselves and everything around ..Like when you get lost in a book, in a piece of music you play or when you feel one with the nature. Or when you get into a deep conversation with a friend, watch a great movie or  a concert...  You get into a kind of flow. \n\nI don't have a smart phone, because I thought it would constantly bring me back to the surface.  And surface is absolutely the place where you suffer the most! Imagine all the situations I described above: A phone that makes strange noises at any unexpected moment would ruin it all. \n\nWell I don't mean to offend anyone, this is just a personal thing and I confess that I have a total  obsession with silence and my phone is turned off 99 percent of the time. \n\nBut here is a quote by Nietzsche that is worth keeping ALWAYS  in mind: \n\nThe greatest events  of our lives - they are not our loudest but our stillest hours”\n\n Imagine that you have your favourite cake in front of you. But if you get lost in some thoughts while eating it, you may suddenly realise that the cake is gone!  You just ate it without even noticing it! ( It happened to me more than once with all sorts of muffins! :- ) \n\n If we spend our counted days on earth with constant distraction, in the end,  we may feel this way about our lives  ... We won't know where it  has gone...\n\nAs T. S. Eliot said: \n\nWe get  distracted from distraction by distraction. \n\nThat's the greatest danger.\n\nI don't mean to sound too dark though. Of course you can have the latest smart phone, in case you REALLY need it, and if you know exactly what you want from it, you can use it properly.\n\nFor friends who want to think more on this issue here is a little list: \n\n1. There is a TED Talk by Adam Alter called: \n\n Why our screens make us less happy. \n\n He is a psychologist and professor at NYU and he says that he himself was \naddicted to his phone and to gaming. Imagine! :- ) That motivated him to write the following book: \n\n Irresistible: The Rise of Addictive Technology and The Business of \nKeeping Us Hooked. \n\n2. There is a very interesting  Note to Self podcast episode called: \n\n What is our attention actually worth \n\nIt can be helpful if you want to re-think your relationship with your phone. \n\n3. There is a TED Talk by the  ethical design thinker Tristan Harris called: \n\nHow better tech could protect us from distraction\n\n4.  I haven't read this one but Shery Turkle from MIT has a book on the issue called:\n\n Alone Together, Why we expect more from Techonology and Less From Each Other. \n\nYou can also watch her TED talk:\n\n Connected, but alone ?\n\nThanks for this wonderful lesson and for the amazing animation!
My phone broke for about three days recently and it was bliss without it, I was actually a little sad when my Dad fixed it for me
FINALLY: please, listen what a philosopher said to us!!!!! NOW
3:17 studying frame perfect shine out of shield in the 20xx handbook
Everything has their own negative sides, even love. But its not their fault that they have those things, its your fault for not thinking outside of the box.
I've never owned a smartphone and I regularly abandon my dumbphone for weeks when I don't need it at work
Finaly you stoped talking about love and relationships, i was tired of those topics.....sorry for my awful English.
This was a beautiful video. Honestly, the animations and the writing are both brilliant in their own ways. I feel like the animator and writer/speaker are two (or three!) different people, because there is a different voice to each of them. Does that make sense?
The Phone and new tech destroyed my generation
I like the example this video sets for us. Because it is not the object which is the villain nor the hero, but it is rather a constant reminder that our life is full of choices that we should always reflect on to determine how much to invest in something for there will be either a return or a loss for all of our investments. It is not recommended that we just go with the flow, for then how would we know if we are going in the right direction in the first place if we had only reflected on what was to come of it all.
This is actually very true.\nI use my smartphone constantly, when alone, avoiding my own thoughts. Perhaps missing out on moments of enlightening reflection and creative thoughts.
i love how people need to blame something for their inherent shortcomings. its not the phones fault you do stupid things, its your fault for being controlled by it. seems like people who blame guns for killing people instead of blaming people for killing people were the brains behind the concept of this video.
a hundred years from now they will say how asinine
Im not addicted to games, i just want to forget about the painful past
Thumbs up If you're going to watch porn now
It is all a matter of how we deal with our phones. We should choose to check our phones and not feel compelled to do it.
3:52 I bet you my life you didn't notice that double and in the translation. 😏
Anyone ever been to Lyon here ?! :)
I've had a GSM in the 90's, hated it and never got a mobile phone again, smart or otherwise. What I have observed in the last 10 years is that smartphones narrow peoples perception of the world. Instead of the normal stereoscopic 120 degrees of vision, people condition themselves to be focused on barely 5 degrees of screen in front of them. This generates a whole slew of awkward problems. It generates anti-social behavior and I hate the smart phone concept for that.\n\nThis video was especially entertaining because it sounded like Johnny Ives from apple..
That was a load of pseudo-intellectual babble.. Far below the standards I've gotten to used to expecting from this channel. \nShame.
i managed to watch 1/3 of this before checking my email
This video sounds warm and believable, but in fact, it is wrong.\n\nBecause the problem is not with our phones, instead, it's with us.\n\nIt is like saying the problem with knifes: then, you say that it kill. While it does not kill, but it can be used to kill, also, it can be used for many purposes.
Oh the irony since I'm watching this on my phone, probably more than 2/3rds or the comment section.
1:10 - Scary how this described my current problem at the moment.
Tl;dr: get off your phone because it's apparently blocking us from some kind of utopian future even though most of you are watching this on your phone\n\n\n\nI don't get it
I'm having a hard time putting my finger on this one but something about the videos produced by these guys rubs me the wrong but I can not seem to articulate it.  But, I am getting the sense that I'm being preached to and I feel that many of the ideas that are being asserted should be debated.  Perhaps that is the point of the videos.....  at least I hope that is.
Its not the technology, but the way people use it. A phone can be used to shoot a video for a project or to create music with creativity, or even draw a picture, which creates a platform to express yourself that anyone can access. Or it can be used as a crutch where you can't even think for yourself and rely on social media as a way to feel apart of something. We can't blame the corporations for profiting off the ignorance of the masses, thats just how human nature is. Its the job of people to elevate their own consciousness to become self aware enough to determine a life they want to live.
Watching this sitting on the toilet taking a dump and reading the comments. :O
I don't see anything wrong with that. And I watching this video with my phone. Knowledge is the biggest enemy of the scammers
Same thing as blaming the gun for the murder.  The phone isn't the problem, you are.  If you decide to use your phone to look at pornography all day, that's your choice.  If you decide to use your phone to connect with your grandmother thousands of miles away, that's your choice.  If you can't learn to use the tool you have in your pocket in moderation, that's your choice.
Used my phone to watch this video for entertainment at work
Im not that enchanted by smartphones, it's a luxury of a minority who thinks they are the majority, like internet users.
If you're going to argue that phones are bad, at least provide cited facts rather than observations and anecdotes. There's no shortage of studies observing negative consequences of cell phones (difficulty sleeping, attention, etc). But the way this video presents the argument, it just comes across as pompous. If YouTube were around 150 years ago you would be making a video on how the radio distracts us from our own death. 300 years ago, the newspaper, etc.
truly amazing content!!  keep up the good work.  such a good reminder of what really matters.
Nice story, far from reality.
Even the comments are foolish for such an amazing video. Idiots
I don't personally feel addicted to my phone and will happily walk home on an evening and just enjoy the scenery and my own thoughts, HOWEVER, when I think about something I admit that I DO whip my phone out and look up the questions I'm thinking about.
415 people are unable to accept the truth of their reality.
You're pathetic if u can't go a few days w/o a phone
I don't use my phone to run away from myself, I use it so I don't have to interact with others lol
Very nice message & some awesome animation & narration to go a long with it. Yeah this is a topic I think about a lot. In fact I made a little satire series called Strange Stories to kind of poke fun at how we function with all this advanced technology now.
I love that this is posted on the day iPhone X's premiere was released. XD
Enjoy your freedom of thought before our phones literally become a part of us. I can see it now, silent obedience with just the snap of a finger.
Well I wouldn't have seen this without my phone just saying 🤔
You say that like it's a bad thing... \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
I'm so obsessed with my phone lol
looks like the eraser head baby all grown up at 2:05
The problem with your phone is it's an iPhone
Soooo.... what your saying is....\n\n\n\n\nwho is getting the iPhone X? :D
Is it just me or was that thought super cute
I stay on my phone when I'm bored then they mobile is invented to make me unbored in home if that's a word 😂
The problem with our phones: It gained intelligence but we lost ourselves.
I have no friends
Aha! Releasing this on the same day the iPhone X/8 were announced? You dogs!
this is an amazing video, the animation is great and you actually say some interesting things.\n\nmemento mori
problem isn't with phones but with ourselves. \nlike hello....move your ass a little around!!
We spend too much time with our phones, why we should talk to other people in real life, if we could spent our whole life to stare on our phone? (I'm guilty too in this case, so please don't judge me!) ^^
capitalism and materialism are the problems
My break from my phone is photography... granted, I listen to music via my phone, but at least I'm not still staring at it... and fuck off if you say my cameras a screen, I spend much more time looking around and through the view finder than at the screen
why did this video take such a dark turn... didnt expect a video about phones to be so morbid
can you the same things for books, youtube, knowledgable video ? plz explain . . . where the scattered knowledge come from . . . what is the right path to become knowledgable without addiction
I think in the future we will(or should) have classes in school that teach kids the pitfalls of technology and how to stay balanced with one's self in the information age.\nI for one make an active effort to keep balance in my life, even though I love technology and actually work with computers and phones(or maybe because of it). But I grew up before cell phones and the wide adoption of the web so I can see the difference. What about kids who are born today, into the age of the smartphone? I'm worried that they won't have the foresight or the will to be able to use self-discipline and abstinence before its to late. I also think that the issue is to complex to be left solely to the parents. We need to do some research and establish the facts. The modern world us becoming so complex that the old school model of only teaching facts and classic subjects isn't enough, we also need some life skills and philosophy.
This guy's voice haha what the fuck
PS Beautiful animation!
E
Quality.
Irony = watching this video on my iPhone 😬
*watches on phone*
Nice
.
... this is absolutely ignorant.
Black Mirror
That was deep
Truth hurts.
Anxiety
3:16\n*The Year is 20xx*
Wow....
Open up a patreon.com
Dat tongue at 4:05
capitalists
Lel I use my phone cuz I'm bored
Delete them unnecessary applications 😎
0:30  Yoooooo Fuck this shit. Please! Please. Don't think this is your own self. Sitting in a room letting your thoughts flow to simultaneously the past and future, feeling at the same time pain, desire, regret and excitement all at the same time. The Mean is to be in a room just watching. Being in the moment not pretending your in the past or future. I mean why were those emotions chosen? every emotion is surely a part of life but thoughts of desire, pain and regret do not seem great to me. It's videos like this that let me know some part of the world wants to lead somewhere sad.
They don''t keep a charge for more than 2 hours. Thats the problem with our phones.
fuck yo capitalism
What a fucking human we all are becoming....
No, fuck this phone lol. I'm ready to throw this one in the crick. If the internet were to die tomorrow, I'd get my dreams back. When's the last time you dreamt, people?
Still they persist with Jack Wilshite, when will gooners realise that the lad is a waste of time?\nI'm convinced this lot would give Ian Huntley several chances at minding your kids 😂
such a bad team as a arsenal fan
Gotta admit rob i hate that defence lol. Like the rest of the team
That team will lose lol. the centre midfield is so so so weak. not a talented selection.
Say what you want about Wenger, but I can't help but be impressed that this will be the first season in my lifetime that Arsenal are in the Europa League. Might be time for a change, but it was really weird to realize this.
Happy with your starting 11. I would also like to mention, you can add Chuba Akpom on the Subs section, as a backup for any of the 3 forwards
Hey Robbie, I like your formation and line up choices but this is how I would line them up. 3-4-2-1 with Ospina in goal. Chambers - Per - Holding\nAinsley - El neny - Wilshere - Iwobi\nNelson - Adelaide\nGiroud\n\nPlenty of youth, creativity and they have played together at a lower level giving them that air of familiarity with each other. A good solid spine filled with experience. Also, with Wenger coming out and saying that he isn't really prioritizing the cup, I'd like to see him use the cup to unleash the next generation.
I thought Maitland Niles was a midfielder
switch chambers and bfg just to allow an experience player next to a young player
How can I get that jacket please I need the link 😩
well said robbie, put a b team out, and finger's crossed if/when we reah the quarter's, then we can put out a strengthen team.
He's coming for Wengers job!
Arsenal will not win the league. Premier or Europa. Arsenal will not finish in the top four. Get used to the Europa, Arsenal. No more Champions for you. After Sanchez leaves next year you will be a mid table team. No quality player will be caught dead at Arsenal. As a fan of AFTV this is good news for me. More losing means more ranting.😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Great start 11. I agree with the selection and formation. It’s time to start playing 4 at the back again
Play Chambers as a right back. Not a centre back.
Poor Arsenal fans still hoping that Wilshere comes good one day.
Ha.You nearly as mad as Wenger in your selection. .Interesting.
Niles is shit at RB did u watch the chelsea game in pre season, cmon  robbie mate
Why not play Debuchy at RB? Dude is still a decent RB, how about we play him since we are already paying him???
Get used to it arseholes.😂😂😂😂
Debuchy at RB, Maitland-Niles is not a right-back. Had enough punishment and embarrassment playing that position during pre-season..\n\nEdit: Reiss Nelson isn't a left-sided winger by the way.
I not a gambler, but I must admit, an Arsenal win at 4/9  is pretty good while it available. Lets blood a few  young guns, and obliterate Cologne in the process with a dazzling display off football, and a hatful off goals to boot. Jack has to feature  as he has good visual awareness, and brilliant technical ability, a 4 nil drubbing be good, , ha ha,  COYG...
Totally agree with this starting 11
Why hasnt sanchez signed a new contract .................oh wait 😂
Hey Robbie, I agree with this starting 11 if we are playing a back 4. If not, then I think Nelson should be the RWB -or- on the left side of the attacking 3 with Walcott on the right and Giroud in the middle.\n\nEither way, I think this would be a strong enough squad to get past Koln fairly comfortably.\n\nCOYG!!!
if wenger plays that team, put all your money on koln!!
Maitland-niles isn't a RB. He's a CM.
Back 4 is the best...u gat it robbie.
Great starting 11. Wouldn't go exactly with that but I would be take that team sheet and I would be happy!!
I would make two changes to your squad Robbie, Sanchez for nelson and debuchy for Niles, we need them fix debuchy needs to be ready in case anything happens to bell he's big n strong n we need that.
We've got a quality striker in the under 21s called edditth or something like that he should start
Please dub in the sound effect of a needle scatching across an LP after the words Europa League\nI am going to enrol on ANY course on Thursday evenings just to retain my sanity......I might take further French and see if it is possible to understand Wenger LOL
Lets be honest, this team would lose
Guys, I  need a reliable link to watch the game
Really good team apart from id give debuchy a game
We need to win it. We're not getting into top 4 this season! Worked for Man U!
Robbie I agree that we should rotate between 4-3-3 and 3-4-1-2 but realistically thats not going to happen so Robbie I would like you to have realism in these videos.
It's official... Robbie is smoking crack...
Why is Iwobi a pivot man like Jack? Isn't Iwobi a forward? Elneny should play alongside Jack. As far as I know Iwobi doesn't have any proven distribution skills like Elneny? Why not play a 4-2-3-1 with Giroud up front and Iwobi right behind Giroud as the center forward? That way we shift Iwobi up to the front line and still have two midfield defenders in Elneny/Wilshere with Jack being the deep-lying play-maker and Elneny sliding behind as a sweeper/extra defender if needed? \n\nI'm not against playing a 4-3-3 Robbie but the guys are very familiar with the 4-2-3-1. It really comes down to what Wenger has been practicing and drilling them for. We could see 3-4-2-1 also. It's tough to say until we see the lineup and know what formation Wenger will use. I'm also wondering what subs are going to be available?
Robbie sets up the team to boost AFTV ratings after the game.
Stop bitching ur now in a comp u have a chance of winning at least no hammering from Bayrn munich this year
Robbie why don't you do a starting 11 with a 3-4-3 formation as well?
Feel like watching a tutorial
YO ROBBIE, WAGWAN FAM??? \n\nLISTEN, MAN TINKS ARSENAL SHUD TAKE DA EUROPA LEAGUE SERIOUSLY BRUV, JUST LIKE HOW MAN UNITED DID LAST SEASON, YA GET ME FAM?! \n\nMAN TINKS IT WOULD BE A GREAT STEP FOR ARSENAL TO WIN DA EUROPA LEAGUE! \n\nF THEM OTHER BLUD CLART HATER33 ALLL DEY DO IS HATE ON ARSENAL. I JUST HOPE WE CUD SHOW DEM MANDEMS WAGWAN INNIT!
Arsenal have a total of 0 European trophies (and don't count the one inter fairs cup which was more a marketing tool than a genuine competition). They have an opportunity for a very winnable European cup that has a fantastic prize. A cup that is highly respected across Europe and certainly better than any domestic cup. And what's arsenal's attitude? Let's sack it off and put the kids n reserves in smh try n win it n earn some respect back across Europe..  Maybe player would actually wanna sign then
I think Debuchy can get a chance. I don't know whether he is fully fit or not.
that look good.... I would repalce maintland niles for chambers and put holding in defence. I love the wilsh/lson idea... pleaed in under 21 alreadhy together
this Is why your not a manager Robbie, putting iwobi in cm lmfao
20 years in cpl and we only reach the final once..so shut up...
LMFAO I can low-key see us losing 3-1 😂
mostly agree with the team, but u need to switch nelson and iwobi
Robbie that starting XI looks pretty good,if only Wenger would think like that...
Please dont play the youngsters! If you say we're going to focus on the prem (which we dont have a frogs bollocks chance of winning) its going to be embarrassing! Best bet - put full strength team out, gives Wenger an excuse at the end of the season as to why we didnt win the prem! If we put youngsters in Europa to focus on prem he wont have an excuse at end of the season...
You can only play what's in front of you
Any starting 11 that has not got Kane in it is shit
Mark my words Eddie nketiah will play.
robbie u should be manager mate
I think Xhaka will end up playing in the position that you have Iwobi, and Iwobi will play in Nelson's position
Don't see why people don't like Chambers. He literally had a patch like holding. Did good then got dropped.
Can't wait for the flights to Azerbaijan on a Thursday 🤕
I think your starting 11 is good.
Tbf Robbie you guy didn't do shit in the CL for years so having another take you spot is good sport..\n\nEL is your levels\n\nDamn things must be bad if your calling for Wilshare \n\nJoke club
Do anything but play walcott
Id go with 4-2-3-1\nOspina\nMaitland-niles\nPer\nChambers\nMonreal\nElneny\nWilshere\nWalcott\nIwobi\nNelson\nGiroud
Swap maitland-niles with Debuchy.
I think it will be: opsina \n       Chambers BFG holding \n     Niles jack elneny monreal \n         Iwobi giroud sanchez \nSubs theo nelson kolasanic beilke welbz macey
Chamber and holding cb partnership👀👀
Great pick #CrucialRobbieIn
2 nil big dreams
Oliv-yay not Olivia
not bad
Good 11
Damn Robbie a better manager than Arsene
opsina \nNiles chambers holding monreal\nelneny wilshere Rambo \nwalcott giroud. iwobi
Robbie should be tutoring Wenger
Anyone else really pumped to see Wilshere back? I'm sick of the sight of Ramsey.\nHaving sweet flashbacks of Wilshere goal vs Norwich and his classy performance against Barcelona in 2011.
Onefootball is german so of course they're puting such a shit starting 11
Ospina\nChambers      BFG       Holding\nNiles      Elneny      Wilshire      Iwobi\nNelson            Giroud            Sanchez
Offload jack wilshere
My team for tomorrow :\n                               Ospina\n\n         Chambers   Mertesacker   Holding \n\nDebuchy           Elneny       Wilshere      Monreal \n\n         Walcott                                  Welbeck \n                                 Giroud
Ospina\nChambers BFG & Holding Monreal\n                 Elneny Jack\nTheo           Iwobi          sanchez\n                      Gioud \n\nTake out sanchez around 60' and then put nelson.
Tottenham 3 Dortmund 1
Wilshere the white Diaby
Giroud\n                  Sanchez               Nelson\n\nMonreal     Wilshere       Elneny   Maitland Niles\n         \n             Holding Mertesacker Chambers\n\n                               Ospina\n\nMaitland Niles better at wing back then full back, Sanchez and Walcott interchangeable. Looking at our midfield options how did we not sign a DM this summer
Your forgetting reainy Adelaide
wenger will probably play 3 in defense : bfg, holding monreal. He will play sanchez and giroud thats fa sure. Wilshere sub.
#RobbieSellout
What about akpom?
Team is trash
Maitland  miles 😂
very good 11 robbie
Reiss Nelson must start
My team line up is \nOspina\nDebuchy\nChambers\nMertasacker\nMonreal\nElneny\nXhaka\nWilshire\nIwobi \nPerez \nNelson
Giroud started against liverpool
Gk Ospina \nCb holding \nCb BFG\nCb Chanbers\nRWB Walcott \nLWB Monreal \nCm Elneny \nCm wilshere\nRF Nelson \nLF Iwobi \nSt Giroud
5rsenal lose 2-1
We can bet them
Arsenal is such a joke now...
Chambers is shit
No disrespect robby but this why arsenal we never go foward look at how chelsea played yesterday against a team called Qarabag they used theyre starting xi because they dont want to risk so why is lacazette not playing and the others
CHER QUEEN!
Extreme Cringe
CHERRR 😍😍😍
THE LEGEND!!! LOVE YOU...
Oh my ss she a vampire? She stopped aging in the early  nineties! Absolut queen.
Wtf lol
Never realized how much range is required for this song until now. She has a truly amazing voice.
Her butt looks amazing! \n😍😍
CHER is a Goddess!
this is the most random thing i've ever seen but i'm here for it
Mfs don't want to believe the world ending though. Repent the end is upon us. LMAO
lol wtf. People like this?
Cher Is QUEEN!! ❤️
Iconic!!
GODDESS
YOOOO this is wild man
Wow what an unlikely pairing, I want a full version!
This better be a full song too!
I just LOVEEEED this great job Gap 💖💖💖💖💖💖 amazing ad
So she drops an intergalactic banger for a Netflix show and a  duet with Future in a two month span and I'm just supposed to be ok??? I'm not - I'm shook to my core 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 give us an album Cher pleaaseeeee we need it!!!
Zaytoven, I see you, bruh!
this fuckin sucks
Zaytoven
O my Cher
I love this!
YESSS. BANG BANG!!! LOVE THE DUET.
Iconic or ironic two pop legends
Too much auto tune
Most random pairing.
WTF
SENSATIONAL
Yasss hubby 😍
Awesome
This really fye af 😍😍😍
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Still looking for talent in this video
YOUNG PEOPLE NEEDS MORE CHER 😇 THANKS GAP
the hell is this
Most people complaining \nWhites because A black guy like future is featured with Cher\n\nHad this been A light Skin white friendly like drake with Cher \nThis video would have no complaints
By the way Paula Deen Baby You have me hooked on Evine my kitchen is all you SWEETIE THANKS FOR THE GREAT Cooking ITEMS. LOVE YOU TOO 😉😘💞 Brian
WHO OK'D THIS?
Love the resonance in her voice.
I'm here for this song tho ❤
the 90's called they want their commercial back
Cher meet the future? But she is still looking like in the 90s 😍, Fucking love u Goddess ❤️
Drop the full thing
I love it!!! I give it a 4.8/5\nShould've been @ least 60 seconds
LMAO THIS WAS A AD AND I WAS LIKE WTF THATS CHERS VOICE WITH A RAP BEAT
The end was fye
Can you make this into a full some or have them do a collaboration!! I love this!!
That company be putting a GAP in my wallet!
This is f'king stupid
future didnt seem like her had much to do
u know future had to get that boi zay on the keys 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
What I particularly like is how natural and at ease they seem with each other.
They're both much more talented than what is displayed here. Wish they would've put more into the production
Wow this was a random collabo lol would be cool to a see a song from the two of them
IVE NEVER WANTED A COLLAB SO MUCH MORE IN MY LIFE XD
Sounds like two fuckin' robots singing over one another. Trash.
I used to rock Gap but not no more even tho I still have the jeans
They went and put the GOAT next to Cher. Ok I see y'all
Cher!!!! 💜🇷🇺
WHAT
As usual... Cher performs at the highest level. Great beat and wonderful vocals.
Why can't this be a real song? #ugh!
Cher is my idol!.She sounds & looks great!The pairing here is an odd one...their partnership feels somewhat forced to me. And I don't buy it for a second that they are Everyday People!\nI have my reservations for seeing her in ads again only because of the infomercial 90s...still GAP is a far cry from infomercials & Sweet 'N Low.
We need the full song. Drop it.
What did I just watch....?
LMFAO!!!
Future!!! 🔥
i like is remix Sonny and CHER https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDheJsOop9M
Who saw this as an ad but searched for it to cringe again
😂😂😂
Diva
Beauty
Legeeeeend!!!!
Love this 😍😍
Crazy pairing
Genial
Yasss Cher¡¡¡ Hope to hear the full song
You still  amazing  lovely  one ever💋🤞😍
wuoooh , they sounds great !!!  you go GAP !
Your Always my (BABE CHER) LOVE YOU😘😉💞 Cant wait till i see you again!!! Awesome job on Commercial...  😉👍LOVE YA, Brian💖
I want to to hear the real version!
where's your god now
😐😐😐 what the hell is this
No this fucking sucks compared to the original
future is horrible why would cher do this
uh... wtf
CRINGE
WORST SONG OF THE YEAR! WHO GAVE THIS THE GREEN LIGHT??? SLY STONE DESERVES BETTER. WOW
Is Cher a man??
Hall and Oats brought me here.\n\nI just wanted to say this is one of the worst collaborations ever.\nAnd I grew up with:\nWeezer and Lil Wayne – Can’t Stop Partying\nNelly and Tim McGraw – Over And Over\n\nGap - I want to fight your marketing department.
i was the 666th view :D
a mess! but i love them still!
Come home from school to see this and all I get is a smack from my mother :O
not a fan of either but I think they'd make a great song together
I love Cher!
BWHAHAHAHAHA!!! Wow, I find this funny. I have just seen this advertisement before listening to a song on YouTube. Thumbs down.
Who approved this ad
Omg I really love the style of this Video! It's so different from your other productions! 😍 it's awesome to see you guys improve even after ten years! ( also picking the right food in japan is very easy, it's always good!! - No struggle here for me :D)
I want PE but it's midnight 😭😭😭😭😤😤
Not now Steve\nIt's Chris \n\nPoor thing 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is like if Sherlock had to decide where to eat.
most words Phil did to the movie lol
Wong fu finally got the right haircut
I sense some inspiration from Ryan Higa
Let's be real, white wine with a rich carbonara is no bueno 😂
Kind remind me of Ryan Higa's type of video :D
Great video guys! Keep up the good work!
Made me want Panda Express now
THIS WAS SO CLEVER I LOVE YOU GUYS
Hahahaa...i can relate to this
Hahaha! Poor Chris. 😁 I miss seeing Chris in shorts.😁
Oh God why does Wong fu make all their videos into real-life algebra equations 😆
Never had panda expresss! Can't believe it either lol
Why do I feel like Ryan Higa would do this to if he had girlfriend ? 😂
yo where's Natalie Tran I missed her sweet sweet voice in this vid???
when you realize you just watched a panda express ad
the 'not now, steve' reminds me of robin and patrice on how i met your mother
I wonder how much Panda Express paid them
This video is sooo ME! And guess where we always end up?? PANDA! For an asian, I love panda express way too much.
Lol.  I asked the same question today and I too settled for panda.  Lol
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends!\nCall upon Him today and be saved!\n\nTomorrow is not promised to any of us, so let this moment be the one you make Jesus your Lord and Savior, if you have not already!\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus Christ!\nHe died for you! He Loves YOU! So don't listen to the lies of the enemy, run to Jesus, because HE is NOT angry at you!\n\nShalom, friends!
WHAT DO YOU WANT
there needs to be a love reaction button! haha
i want to drink starbucks right now.
It's Chris.  LOL!!  Perfect ending.
This video was hilarious 🤣🤣🤣
Hi fellow youtubers, those of yall with an ig acc, pls check out my art ig. I don't usually do this but Im trying to gain more followers and exposure. Pls do take a look, you guys won't be disappointed😊 ig: @thephilosophyofbeauty
It's like a Niga Higa video
The only thing more futile than asking the compulsively indecisive where do you want to eat is once you get past that monumental obstacle, they'll present them a menu representing a cornucopia of these perplexing life decisions.
You know how bad my memory is is the best line.
Joanna's in it, so this automatically gets a thumbs up. *I regret nothing.*
Ricegum should be in one of these dont you think guys
What should we eat to now whats for desert ? Not now steve
This video is a tribute to the lives lost September 11, 2001 and all the brave men and women who died of illness years after participating in the rescue and recovery effort.\n\nhttps://youtu.be/zz11ZTB9Mdg\n\n#Don't forget 9/11
What do you want for dessert?!
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
Hahaha loving this. I am definitely guilty of letting other people pick where to eat and rejecting all their options.
RIP Chris, he always seems to be meeting the weirdest people in WFP shorts
Is this Taylor's directorial debut?! He did such an amazing job!!!!
I was low key waiting for the Blue Apron sponsorship to pop up, but yes Panda Express.
This is literally the conversation I had with my friend. He asked his wife then asked his 10 year old son and I'm still ok with anything they choose. Why? Because it isn't about what we eat, its about spending time with your friends. Also, a 10 year old won't pick seafood, which is the only time I get picky about where I eat.
This is a great example of advertisement! It was entertaining yet still made me like the product :)\nIt reminds me of that time Pottery Barn was the product placement for Friends!
This is precisely why the President has a personal Chef.  It's the presidents job to make decisions.  Worrying about dinner shouldn't be one of them.
I feel like he mustve had to channel his inner ryan higa for this
She looked so confused during the whole video
My first thought after watching this was NOT about Ryan Higa's conspiracy theories videos but after reading the comments I am kicking myself for not making that connection
This is so relatable thank you Wong Fu
Detecting a bit of Sherlock Holmes inspiration.
Please dont include Joanna Sotomura in your video. She's not Asian, just another white-worshipping hapa born from fetish marriage.
*recalls all info* \nYou forgot toilet paper!?\nSorry you know my memory is bad.
I wonder how many retakes Phil took for this video lol
This strikes me as a Nigahiga knockoff
It's like Ryan higa
i feel like ryan higa would do this better
Super funny! More videos please I miss you guys <3
Damn am I the only Asian that makes his own lunch and dinner?
Wait, are sushi buffets a real thing?
This junk had me squinting with my glasses on
Oh I get why it's trending, it's an AD.
I love you guys endlessly!
Sherlock deductions, anyone?
#whenyoudatesherlockholmes
Nazi haircut
That was good
Grill is too hot
Genius.
Me everyday 😂😂
he said jifs
Very Emma Approved! :)
It's Chris
Wow nice panda express ad
YAS GUYS THIS VID IS #28 ON TRENDING
Are they dating?
NigaHiga vibes? Or Sherlock Holmes? Either way, great video lol
I got ryan higa vibes from thissss
fuck you
Lol
OMG CHRIS WE MISSED YOU
Dog
It's chris.
Nigahiga style.
Wow Sherlock
what a commerical
chris so saddd 😔
Poor steve
I thought I saw Siwon
bruh 😂😂😂
yall the best omg lmao
omg my dad works at panda express lolol
Nice! Very Ryan-Higa-Conspiracy-Esque :D
Reminds me of NigaHiga
LOOOOOLLLL EVERY FREAKING TIME.
SHERLOCK HOMES WHO
*heart pinch* Poor Steeeeeeeve
Who is she?
This is so Nigahiga
EAT @WENDY'S
I was going to comment something but damn Bryson made me forget 😩 🤤
This video is simple but so extraordinary good job Bryson
babbyyy makes me feel irresistible <33333
Yow this guy is underrated\n\n\n\nSo unfair
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Tiller got big ass hands 😳
Lil Shawty bad🔥
early squad
😍😍
Itssss a hit!❤️
😍😍😍❤️
😫😫😫
Bryson is killin it ❤️🔥
ayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
i smell #hoco2k17 playlist
dope track
RIP Kanneka Jenkins. Rest In Piece Queen.
Here before 1 million 💯
Fire 🔥 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I'm getting wild thoughts vibes
Before 1st million
Dad
the zouk vibe in the instrumental thouugh
I love him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Syd3CWbqrtg
bryson @ 0:48 😍
imo trapsoul was much better bryson went way harder
Bryson Tiller is the real killer! lol!
God tiller ⚡️⚡️⚡️
😍😍😍🙌💯🙌💯
Straight 🔥🔥
Pen Griffey 🔥
you too fine
😭🙏🏽❤️
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😭😍
Wild thoughts vibe/scenery
Dope ass video
YAS i am obsessed again🔥😍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kC7O6WfFk2c
I LOVE YOU BRYSON😍😍😍❤️
Yass bryson yasss💕💕💕💜💜😍💍
What a legend
YES YES YEHHSS 👌👌
hella fine 😍🤤
Imagine jamming to this in the car and amping the bass ❤❤!
I relate to this song so much women be draining men til there nothing left that's what he basically saying
Video wasn't bad but I pictured it a lot different lol Still TillerSZN tho
First of all why he lookin extra saucy these days😍 and this song!! Yes boo😎
Bryson, Ima let you finish but, Trapsoul was one of the best debut albums of all time. New album will never be as good or even close to touching Trapsoul. Trapsoul was to dirty to top.
Bruh he be looking like a perfect combination of drake and tory lanez
Who else can relate to this song?
I always bump this song on my way to work to wake me up lol
Anyone else find this boring compared to TRAPSOUL?
swing it around💓💓 R.I.P Me
Play it at 0.75 speed 🔥🔥🔥🔥
We need a video for self - made right quick furreal..
Only dude that can play off a under bite
i miss the r&b when full singing involve. now they just flow and sing a lil bit.
......i was like oh shit did he get a haircut then i realized i never seen my mans without a hat 😮
I hate videos that feature beat pills.
Everybody please go view my YouTube channel 🙏🏽 @ Bri & Que or just click on it from here we also on Facebook. I'm just now starting off and hoping to make a progress in more and better videos that's more entertaining. I'm in college and I also work ;but trying to start videos on YouTube. Please show support and feel view to comment.
The beat is sexy 🔥🔥🔥💦💨
High stakes one of his most fire songs IMO
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS BRUUH 😭💯🔥
Who is here before the milli?
This is fire...but it will Volcano with a touch of WIZKID ON that remix tho.  🔥💣💥.
I wish I went to his concert 😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩but I love this song!✨
video should have been done on an island with some trini and Jamaicans but the song is good
Here before a mil who else?
Check out this upcoming artist from Toronto SLB new 4K video jus dropped, Vocals on point! https://youtu.be/F3yHGLNQP6c
I hit that like button so quickkk as that beat dropped
Why does he look like big Sean and the weeknd mixed together lmao
So they just gonna use Rihanna's bedroom scene from Wild Thoughts? Down to the lighting? Cool. Save your money, Bryson. You smart.
this sound like a drake song
This beat so damn sick..Got me wanting to catch a dance up in the club right now.
I think I hear Chris in the back vocals... But maybe I'm tripping lol.  Great song and video 😍😍😍
This is gonna blow up
shoulda got normani in this and let her pick up what wasn't dropped!
I need that In Check video son
Anyone else get reminded of the Midnight Channel from Persona 4? Because same. 😂
You can tell you can just chill in the house with him & enjoy yourself 😍
I feel like that girl on the bed is H.E.R
I have been singing this song all day anyone else
I get mad watching his videos because I'm always so lost at the concept. I was a mass comm major..HAVE MY PROFESSORS FAILED ME?😭
the way he uses mostly black beauties in his videos 😍
I didn't know Lebron James made music
Here before a mil, love getting brownie pts for being early lol
You know the song is fire when you subconsciously nod your head to the beat🔥🔥underrated
Bryson you runnin my blood pressure up now...😂😂 so damn fine. Get ya Keith Sweat on then baby!😩😩
this song sucks and I'm the biggest bryson tiller fan
I fucks with it ❤️
This the same room in wild thoughts that Rihanna was in
When I read the title Run me dry I had to watch this. Look so good n interesting.
That puffer jacket is fire, the tune is underrated such a good vibe man keep doing your thing you're legit my favourite been rocking since Don't was on sound cloud
Before a milli....
https://soundcloud.com/viliamiofficial/wait-4-me
I need a Blowing Smoke video.
Great Song, only thing is that he rhymes You with You and me with me through the WHOLE SONG
this song is for all my pornstar girls....you running me dry
Go fuck yourselves!
You didint you uploaded this.
I love you Estee  Lalonde
money.
I kind of understand, that a few people do not like that she said Africa when being asked what country she wants to visit. But on the other hand, how many (mostly americans) just say all the time they just want to visit Europe. I do not feel hurt by that, Europe aswell is a place with a lot of different countries and cultures! I guess that is just what you say sometimes and that is totally okay ;)
I so miss your makeup videos. I loved when you were a beauty Youtuber and sometimes still passes by this channel just to see if there should be a very rare makeup related video. I know you were never really doing hauls and tutorials and that sort of thing but once in a blue moon when you did do a rare haul, that was amazing.
Lol it was funny when you said maybe you didn't notice because I totally didn't ONLY BECAUSE I watch you and aslan on insta every day 🤣
You are no longer genuine.  Having watched your videos for years, I find this most disappointing.  Unsubscribing.
I didn't notice that she took a break. It didn't seem that she was really present in videos over the last year.
I'm glad you took that break. You really deserve it💛
Good to have you back!
Giiiiiirl! Come to SF! We are every country in one place! You and the fam will love it!
Glad that you love the food of my hometown Oaxaca, Love Estée, hope u are good and happy, love from México <3
Shes stressed out how does a normal person with 9-5 for 40 years is suppose to be not stressed.
So sad you didn't make it to BC this summer! When you do end up coming you should do a meet up in Vancouver for all your BC subscribers! :)
I loved the pilot episode of your podcast!
any small YouTubers want to be friends ?❤️❤️
Definitely don't miss you
I miss when you would sit in your living room and do your empties sitting on the floor. Those were the good ol' days
Come to San Francisco! I've got so many recommendations for you! Such a city with tons to eat + see.
girl if sam smith can do it you can too. good for you!! excited to hear more about this podcast..
SFFFFFFF Just moved here from NYC six months and will give you all of the recommendations :D
Estée, you should write feat. The Doorbell at the end of every video title 😁
I've watched Estee since the beginning and I am so happy to see her become successful and have a platform that she can use for good because we definitely need that. But the issue that I find is that Estee comes across as trying to present herself as this down to earth and normal , relatable you-tuber (which is good!) however at the same time she lives in a luxurious flat, in a super expensive city, travels all over, and wears pretty much exclusively only designer things, and PUSHES designer products and goods. I think it would be different if she was also regularly including things that were reasonably priced. \n\nI'm perfectly fine with you-tubers reviewing fancy things, but I think they need to acknowledge that a there will always be a substantial portion of their audience that cannot afford to just go out and buy $35+ dollar lipsticks when there is the same nude shade that a company like Mabelline would sell. It's unreasonable to assume that everyone can just continuously buy $100+ shoes or sunglasses all the time. When you will always have viewers that cannot afford to do that (even if they have a steady job), it marginalizes people even if you don't intend to. \n\nI'm not saying Ugh, Estee's older video's were better, shes changed and that sucks, in fact I think change is great and I still love Estee! All I'm saying is I think there should be a healthy mix of the two especially given how large her audience is and considering that her older videos DID have that balance. And lately it feels like it has been exclusively high end. You-tubers like Estee have the capability to promote a message that while having nice expensive things is great, less expensive things can be just as good and you can make them work for you as well. Idk, that's just my two cents.
Loved it! Missed seeing your videos on my feed. keep doing what your doing and maybe expanding your videos like you said. i've been watching you for 2 or 3 years and i am now a freshman in high school!
@GalaxyMatcha I agree to disagree! It is luck... There are a lot of people skilled enough to be in front of a camera but have other responsibilities or haven't gotten the exposure! I'm sure it is hard work but any job has hardships! YouTube jobs I'm sure can take up a lot of hours but in no way do you work longer/ harder hours than traditional jobs! I am not bashing her but like any job you can't take off because you are feeling uninspired! Sorry!
そだよね、7年位続けてきたもん休憩は必要さ！おしゃれですきよ
love it!
I didnt even notice you stopped uploading!
Wow! no one fucking cares.
SAME OMG UGH. ;____; supporting you <3
Looks like Alissa violet
<3
Uninspired? Your monthly fav videos are bombzzzzzzz pls dont stop!
lazy cunt bag
Dude please disappear again
<3
YOU DIDN'T MENTION WAGAMAMA'S OMG HAHHAHA YOU WERE SO ADDICTED TO IT BEFORE!
I LOVE FIVE GUYS TOO
Do you watch Ru Paul's Drag Race? I haven't heard you mention it & I'm sure you would LOVE it.
Ahhhhh I'm so excited for everything! Love how we all kind of get to grow up together and see you evolving on this channel. I so enjoyed your political videos with Aslan, what a smart way to use your platform for. Interests really do expand while growing up, so I love how your're also incorporating these topics on your channel. xx
You'd love San Francisco, although the recent gentrification is quickly wiping out some of the heart and soul of the city. I recommend you come visit sooner than later 😉 Oh, and we have the best Japantown! 🍲🍱🎏
I can really notice a different in you estee, you seem more..sombre and serious. Not necessarily in a bad way but obviously you have matured and things are a bit less care free. Love whatever you do :) X
I'm so glad that you are back on youtube!
Oohhh im going on a flight to new york..ohhhh my life is in an existential crisis
Love your personality estee. You're just being real. The commitments grow. Our focus may changes from time to time. All the best for everything estee!
The concept of paying the food that you have by its weight is something SUPER common in Brazil!!! :)
I love you and your videos!!! You are so witty, funny, and kind :-) also FIVE GUYS yessss... sometimes super greasy but yah gotta love it!
I've been watching your videos since I was in high school as well and I'm just about to graduate from university. I really feel like I have grown up with you and I'm excited for whatever videos you are going to upload in the future :)
Great to hear someone knows when to take a break! Sometimes life can be really stressful,and both your body and mind just needs some peace and quiet. In this community there is this filter where everyone gotta seem perfect,but that is just fake. Life isnt like that! Appreciate your honesty Estée :) Glad you are back :D
Why did I want to cry seeing this? Love u so much Button!
Click here to view a video I just uploaded about why I've stopped uploading videos.
I've been watching your videos for years and absolutely adore your channel. Can't wait to see what's coming up 😊
Come to San Francisco!!! ❤️❤️❤️
I wish I could block you. Annoying scammer you are.
It's so interesting how much your office has evolved since you first started Youtube! Looks awesome now  :)
You are hands down the most genuine, down-to-earth and hilarious 'creator' on this damn website so PLEASE just keep doing you xxx
Estee, I am so happy to you enjoying your break from YouTube. I watch your videos 6~7ish years ago when you still in Canada and later on you moved to UK. Look forward to listening your podcast. BTW, have you ever watched Lanvendaire's video? I got lots of inspirations from her. Recommend
Estee! I love your channel! When you get the chance to go on safari, NomadHill is an awesome outfitter to book your trip through! Beautiful trips and experiences!
5 Guys is all over Canada too AND I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. It's absolutely worth every calorie.
omg Five Guys. Where my heart is forever. ❤️🍔🍟🇺🇸
loved this video, but the audio is not too good :(
I don't feel like you have grown. I feel like you have become more self righteous without having an in depth understanding of what you are talking about politically. If you want to be educated about political or social subjects, why don't you objectively look at an issue before choosing what side you are on. I feel you choose what is popular vs really exploring a subject. Your video on Brexit where you made a sweeping judgement of the opposition by calling them  all racist , although you had a very thin understanding of the subject 😒
I'm in the middle of a little break, too. I just went through a break up and haven't felt up to sitting down with a fake smile on my face.
I support your break because you are not working in the office so that's how you get your holiday!  :) I'm happy you came back I missed you so much
You are such an inspiration and thank you for being so honest!
Who else is hoping we will get to see her with Clair in NY?
i faithfully watched your insta stories so i didn't even notice WHOOPS! but glad you're back!!!!!
Esteé when will we see more Femme Talk videos?? I really appreciated those!
I can't wait for all the upcoming content you'll be sharing, sooo excited to see you back!! 🌿
Estée, come to Brazil! I think you'd love it. Also I'd like do say that you're so adorable. 😄😄😄
Estee, let me know if you guys are coming back to Japan! Would love to give you tips if you need some inspiration. I live in Hokkaido and I've recently started @talesofhokkaido instagram page to share more stories of this hugely underrated northern island in Japan ;)
I still remember your blog with Aslan! Button & Goose??!! :D
at 8:40 I legit died from laughing ...a whole series of comical essie <3 love you
I've been watching for 7 years..I hadn't started medicine at university at the time and now I'm preparing to start residency! I love your content and I appreciate your content evolving! Love to hear your point of view on many different subjects :) Congrats on becoming a UK citizen!
If you do come to SF please come visit me at the Acne Studios store! It would be magical to chat with you and have you in SF!
Welcome back, friend! So glad you had some time to chill! Xo
I think she's pregnant
Africa is a continent not a country...try being more specific please
Please do a meet up if / when you come to Vancouver!
If you go to San Francisco can you please do a meet up? That would be so amazing!!!
Hi Estee, are you going to do a Japan travel guide? x
Glad you're back!! YAS, come to San Francisco :)
Why are you willing to loose your virginity???\nFucking American pussies...😂😂😂
First, so good to see you & second, OMG, SWEATER TWINSIES! We are already like little old ladies who dress alike & need many naps, I love it! \n\nI'm just so proud of you & the choices you are making. Not everyone who is given a platform uses it in a way to positively impact others. Like I've told you before, go with your gut because it knows exactly what to do. You have something special within you Estée! Thank you for always taking the opportunities you have to learn & grow & shed light on important matters.\n\nI've been taking a break too & it has been fucking amazing. The space it has given me to heal & work on things that matter to the core of who I am, it really is priceless. Maybe these things I'm working on will even make me worthy on being on your future incredible, award winning podcast someday... So much love to you guys!
I follow you from the beginning and I absolutely noticed your absence! Glad you're back, but I don't want you to get a burnout, so take your time, I went through a burnout, that's not good, not good. Take care!
Girl I'm so happy for you that you're a resident of the UK and that u got to take a mental break! Describing it as needing mental space makes perfect sense to me!!
I'd like to give u a creampie
I love how you use your platform Estee, I don't watch youtube anywhere near as much as I used to but I always make time for your videos because your content is insightful and you're clearly an intelligent and genuine person. I particularly like the new more politically engaged videos you've been creating. Also I love the airtime Reggie receives.
You're just naturally cool in my opinion, that's why I enjoy watching your videos. Besides, I appreciate that you continue to evolve and explore new contents and point of interest.  I'm excited to see what's next!
Hi Estée! I had downloaded your postcad like one month ago and I didn't listen it till now, oh my god! How amazing is to find people that think and use their brains and it's alive inside, sometimes I feel weird and alone for think and use the brain, I just want to say thank you for make us think, feel alive and feel human, thanks for share your thoughts with us and please keep doing it, much love ❤️Maria.
I missed you but it's so important to take a break. Power to you! 💪👊🏽😘
OMG, paying by the weight.....I would get ruined loooooool
I've been a fan of yours since 2012 in your essiebutton days and love how your style has developed and evolved over the years. Feel like I have grown up with you and gained self-acceptance by growing with you and being inspired to let my inner self out so THANK YOU! Watching your videos etc now is like chatting and hanging out with a BFF for a heart to heart chat with a nice cup of tea - wish we were friends IRL. Personally, I loved your old style and your new one so just keep being yourself - you do you girl! :D
Estee PLS make a podcast style video about DACA to spread knowledge on this topic that affects so many people!
Come visit us in San Francisco!!!
You'll LOVE San Francisco Estee! It's such an amazing city! x
Estée's channel is the only one where I read he comments too, cause I always find something really cool in here. So thanks Estée, thanks boys and girls! ❤️
This was so genuine and made me smile. Thanks for being yourself. <3
Glad you took a well deserved break Estée, did the same myself for the same reasons. Totes did the trick. 😚 Great to have ya back girl.💕
Donate and help out by visiting https://handinhand2017.com/
I live in Florida and I had to evacuate, over 6 million people evacuated the roads were insane. I slept two days in my car on an area rest because there was no hotels available, and took shelter in a church. Im trying to vlog all of this but I don't have how to upload it now. Im currently on my way back to Florida, I don't know what to expect. I tried to contact neighbors to see what's going on in my region but had no luck reaching them. Im scared of going back to a completely destroyed home. Not to mention that power is still off for millions of people. If you have a chance please pray for Texas and everyone that was affected by Irma. This is truly a very scary and sad situation.
MTV you need to give that s*** up no one cares anymore you don't even do Music Television anymore yeah I know they drop the thing but that's what the MTV stands for just shut your channel down let the people get do jobs stop trying to be relevant in this day and age the internet killed the television star suck it up
this seem so fake to me
The only time you'll ever get to talk to your favorite celebrity on the phone
I'm just here for George Strait.
What a joke , too bad the people who need the help won't see a dime..
Being a victim of Irma I personally want to say thank you to the people that took charge to help each other. Literally where I live you see neighbors helping neighbors taking others in where they need help. I just thank god that I did not get hit as bad as others .  Thank you guys and I'll continue to keep praying for not only is, Florida, but Houston as well.
I was looking for Hatsune Miku and I found this :D
Sure feed on the real human stories y'all fallen angels men as women women as men. What a crock look at their eyebrows folks look at their hands as big as their head on the so-called women. Problem is God's marks in the wrong place the belly buttons. Okay go look Mr. E will show you... Begood4000 listen date 9/12. Denial sadness anger then laugh God just lifted the Veil he's watching. Jesus rocks
why does the thumbnail look like a masonic gesture
whoever had this idea is a complete genius. \nsoo many people would pay 25$ just to maybe get the chance to speak to their favourite actor/singer (celebrity)
Few years back we got help with food and water and shelter and we were moved to Louisiana and Houston, so thank you. Then again we were facing with more disasters and floods when hurricane Harvey and Irma hit us. But, the real help would be to find out that why we are facing these disasters one after the other, therefore we could avoid these disasters. So money is NOT the real help. How come some of us get killed and get hit with property damages and others don’t? What is the real reason behind these sufferings? How come hurricane Jose goes to the ocean and Harvey and Irma come to our cities?
Hahahaha I don't know which is funnier:\n*The fact that these wealthy celebrities are asking the broke public to donate, the fact that these donations are going to be pocketed or the fact that they're all acting like they're answering calls...*
Very low views because a sermon from the left bashing the Right
So liberals start the hurricane and then raise money for the destruction they caused... okay 👌🏻
This fund raiser would not have happened if The Donald had not out up a mil. this is not an honest fund raiser its a feel good leftie back rub for their own strike at Trump
they all can do it themselves. they are all rich right there. why are they asking money from us.  if your going to donate, go yourself over or do it  thru  someone u trust#jesus loves#jesus saves
Was this logo designed by a communist?
I wonder how much the celebrities will be getting paid for this 🤔 ? Or was their time free ?
Might want to change the 1984 victory logo of the event
Weird, I remember Beyonce's Formation video showing an officer drowning in hurricane Katrina clean up.  She is scum
This is only #21 on trending? It oughtta be #1!!!
I live in Florida born and raised and haven't seen any relief money will we the ppl really be helped??
At 34:45 it looks like Bieber is taking 3 calls, never talks, then reaches to the left side of the phone to hang up on all 3 callers. I used to do that too when I had a crap customer service job. LOL Not cool.
👈 watch by clicking on icon people's are entertaining you really enjoy
The sad thing is that it takes something like this for us to help each other. That's the problem.
Fakest people on planet earth under one roof.
What if you physically don't have another hand to give.
Well put together, Aloha from Honolulu Hawaii
That logo is literally wrist in hand
they even got the despacito guy!
Proverbs 11:21 (KJV)\n\nThough hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered.\n\nDon't fear the storm fear the LORD, turn to Jesus as your lord and savior.
beyonce said everything i am thinking ❤️💙👏🏼all my love and prayers are with those hurting
We need you to donate all your money while we get more money from this event than you have in your entire life!\n\nShut up and take my money.
Hurricane Harvey - I Won't Be Afraid By Goldy Locks\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgRXYRlQ1is\n:-)  :-)  :-)
Does anyone realise that that room is worth billions? Raising 14 million dollars sound like a joke to me(considering having them all there). And Apple donated 5 mil of it. I know they have a good purpose. I can appreciate that. But that could be much more if these filthy rich people weren't this stingy. I feel bad for the world but today I especially feel bad for those victims. God bless them and protect them.
We're the actors really talking to people or is that more used as a visual representation of people giving to make other people give?
I am sorry but I do not have a red or grey hand so I feel your logo is just not reaching me.
We can do it together and I hope that all this money does good to all the people who need it
justinnnnnn!!!!! i love you, i hope you get a lot of money to help them
Was I the only one who watched vic mensa's ig livestream
i wonder why they don't invite rappers to rap up in that bitch? lol
We all better get right and repent!
White black brown live together all over the United States. Liberal racists just don't like white people. Back fired when we voted trump in
DJ K. With his baby. So cute but funny at the same time lol.
The comment section is frustrating...
I bet they had a really good time and they partied just inflating their egos these celebrity dirtbags
Nice, but you celebs are idiots! If you each give 1m, so much will be done! I'm never buying a ticket to a concert seeing that these celebs can't truly give back after earning so much from us. Just ridiculous!
Ah MTV. When we aren't busy ruining the very fabric of your family by corrupting your kids with immoral values and depravity, we like to all hold hands and take one day out of the year to give back ;)
Collectively these entertainers have a net worth in the multiple billions and maybe as high as $15 billion.  Oprah alone is worth $3 billion.  Many of them are worth multiple 100's of millions.   How much of their extra money did they give?  Too many of them had to make their political agendas heard where there was no need in this sort of event.  This is one of the major reasons they could only raise $44 million while having exposure on multiple networks.   To put this in perspective the Jerry Lewis Telethon in 1990 raised $44 million (1990 dollars) and had much less exposure.   Most people were turned off and would rather donate through other avenues.
don't donate to them because most of the money goes to making this video ads etc.
Those celebrities were all paid to answer the phones on tv.... from donations. And many were seen joking around. The rich don't care. Ever seen a celebrity actually volunteer .... by doing manual labor for more than a few minutes??
Damn 😕Stevie wonder never age he looks younger and younger every time I see him he  been in the music business before  Micheal Jackson 👑 was dominating the music business in the 80s and  and he still look younger than most 30 or or 40 year olds
you want us to donate money to rich people living in exotic locations who are too stupid to get insurance? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA !  HELL NO !!!
I wont donate to anthing Clinton  and Bushes are involved in. They will steal.it and give it to the rich
This is sad they asking us for money knowing we struggling helping each other as it is now, they rich they need to give some money, we need all we got.
17:18 : is that David Copperfield in the back seat ? Couldn't he use some of his magic (dollars) to speed\n things up a lilbit?
Figures MTV(masonic television)would use the masters handshake for their symbol.
**CLIMATE CHANGE IS A HOAX. 97% AGREE WITH THAT CONSENSUS**
As of 9/13/17 @6pm EDT, despite being on more than 12 broadcast and cable TV networks and other media outlets on the web - this telethon hosted by 125 multi-millionaires drew only 16 MILLION viewers and pledges/donations of $44 MILLION.  All totals are not in yet.   http://variety.com/2017/tv/news/hand-in-hand-hurricane-telethon-ratings-1202556721/
is this a break from the usual race baiting and division from MTV and now they want to pretend they can do a come together benefit?
NICOLE KIDMAN GIVE MONEY TO THE PEOPLE WE KNOW ANTONY KIDMAN WAS A PEDOPHILE. #PizzagateIsReal 🍕🍕🍕🍕
Could have been a great thing. Unfortunately some ot these idiots had to prove that their ego is bigger than their heart and start the political attacks.  Shame on those that did and for those who were there for the right reason, I commend you.  I personally donated through the fund set up by the 5 former presidents.
So stupid, you assholes drink the globl warming coolade. Ever woulder how the ice got there.
@29:00 for Dave Matthews singing Mercy
Nice jam.
Justin was acting weird
Pongan Subtítulos wey
19:54 😭
Stealing money!
Justin is the cutest❤️
...IN JESUS NAME, I/WE PRAY, AMEN.
48:22 who is he?!
14:29 too much surgery lool
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE 😍
Selena Gomez 😍😍😍😍
Selena and Ariana?!!
Why\nD0nt\nYou\nDonate, stars
really?
Luís Fonsi ❤ #Brasil
Jared Leto 😍💖💖
Tori Kelly  Bitchessssss❤❤❤❤❤❤
So proud of everyone especially my boy Justin ♥️ praying for everyone affected xx
Quando tu sei italiana e non capisci un cazzo.Ma il solo motivo è BIEBERR
i don't get why people are complaining about rich celebrities asking the public to donate money.. i mean that doesn't mean that  they aren't planning on donating money themselves, and i think a concert like this is actually a good way to draw some more attention to a problem and to show some compassion for the one''s affected by the hurricane.. i mean this is better than not doing anything and it's definitely not causing any harm to anyone right...so why complain?
We donated then spoke to Adam Sandler. Took an hour to get through but like they said dont give up. It was so cool. And of course I hope the money goes where it's needed
Can we just stop the hate and focus on the good instead? who cares if the celebrities are doing it to skip taxes, that doesn't take away the fact that they took money out of their pockets to help those in need. It doesn't matter what they do, people will always say they do it for free promotion or some sht, but maybe they geniunly wanted to help. People lost their houses, their loved ones, the city they grew up in and you're all worried about taxes! get your priorities straight.
it is so nice to see how everyone joins to help their country no matter who they are.                  the president was not invited xD
I wish all of you who are complaining have already donated. Y'all just complain. At least these celebrities are doing something.
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
Who came here for Dave Matthews?
well done to them but can i just say the james bond guy is british so is some of the money going to the british vigin islands?❤️❤️
Diddy ugly ass worth over 500 million and he's out here asking all you broke people to donate what little you have!😂😂😂
For god sakes can someone just say something decent. Who cares who's doing what at least they're out there trying to make money for the victims I hope. Enough with a bush and the Trump this is for all the victims and the animals can someone have a heart out there and just pray for everyone to be safe and restoration
How can India be a part of this.....
Bless you all❤
Justin Bieber 😍❤
Tori ♥️♥️♥️
daaaaaaamn leo you hot
Hi Sammi. I'm sure you'll never read this but I just wanted to say - you are doing such a good job being a mum! It is the hardest but most rewarding job in the world! My little boy was born about a month before Indie - it is so difficult! Don't beat yourself up about the little things. Xxx
Hey Sammi I really recommend you watching Alissa Ashleys video about fenty beauty <3\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shzzQxD53Tk
The mould on your plant just means that it's been overwatered.
Sammie's so down to earth, literally the most down to earth YouTuber. I just get a good vibe from her and she's really real. I really want to be more like this, just wanted to say you are doing so great! x
“Basically if you're not white you kinda had a struggle with make up.“ Sure Sammi, as a ginger girl that got called “ghost“ I can tell you that there is something like too white too
yesss to the makeup videos!! i love all your videos anyways lol. Also, i cant believe indie is getting so big!! <3<3
Read All Souls Trilogy by Deborah Harkness-they are starting the filming of the series. \nAlso Outlander by Diana Gabaldon book series is a awesome television series.
If you like oryx and crake read the heart goes last and the edible woman as well! The heart goes last is so interesting xx
You and Jason are the perfect parents for Indie ♥\nShe´s your child and you make the best decisions for her. \nYou guys know your child better than anyone else.\nDont give a damn about anyone elses critic over your parenting.
Oryx and Crake is a great book - I can't wait to see how they adapt it, especially after how good a job they've done on the Handmaid's tale!
Sammi you're seriously so pretty!! And sometimes I see indie and I wonder how drop dead gorgeous she will be when she's older, in a non creepy way ahaha she's just sooo cute! God bless her with her teeth coming in all at once must be so hard to handle for you both! All the best darling! So much love from Canada xoxo
Your mom seems amazing! Raising you and your siblings to be open minded and so kind :) Thats how I was raised as well. You are not superior to anyone. We are all equal. We are all humans! The gender roles things is so stupid. It is just a color. It is just a toy. One thing is not fit to one gender,and not the other. Anyways hope you are well,and loving these vlogs by the way xx
Hi sam! Loving your vlogs and baby. Just curious. Will you ever change your hair look? Like longer with big curls maybe? Im sure ull look lovely. Just a suggestion..
People should just get a life and being so judgy. Just do u Sam!
Btw, the only thing that matters is that you're educating Indie with LOVE and we all can see that in your vlogs. Doesn't matter what colours she wears.
I am white and very pale and I never find the perfect shade either, all of them are too pink or too orage on me, so it's not only a problem for darker skin, it's a problem of the brands not being realistic while producing a foundation.
i don't know where you are in The Handmaids Tale  but OMG! \nepisode 3? Nick the driver? ( faints)\ni've watched the entire season 3 \ntimes. \nthe series was updated quite a bit from the book, but Margaret Atwood was part of the re-write.\nshe even makes a cameo. \n\ntell us what you thought of the entire season when you're done...\nif you want.🙂
First time watching ur channel but you are honestly the most genuine and positive person! xxx
Trust me: being very very pale is also foundation-hell. So either way, you're screwed.
The handmaid's tale is amazing!! I didn't think I would like that much, but the story and characters are so good. I have cried so many times watching it, it is really a dramatic and scary era... Can't wait for season 2!
OMG HANDMAIDS TALE🙌🏼🙌🏼 I watched the whole season in a week. I found it all very interesting and captivating. Not too sure what part you're at so I will refrain from any accidental spoilers. Enjoy!
I love your makeup tutorials because you are very minimal like me so its gona be exciting to see what you do with the fenty makeup. Ive seen so many reviews already but they really caked it on. Thats fine i and i like the way it looks just not on me so this will be great! Love from America
Haven't watched in a while. So happy for you.💕💕💕
You should read the Handmaid's Tale!! So good!
You shouldn't make political comments if you are going to take offense at your viewers reactions. Seems to me like it's an easy stance to take and a rather old one at that. I'd like to think we are past the point of girls wear pink, boys wear blue, yada yada... Don't understand why you have even brought that up, like it was a thing.
Indie literally has the most beautiful eyes. I'm SOOO JEALOUS
how old is your daughter?
Yas girl, you're on trending! You're so humble, I always enjoy watching your videos 😊
Was it a layer of white fungus along the top? If so- likely mycelium, which doesn't harm your plant. Rather, fungi help the plant to take up nutrients from the soil more efficiently. It will grow when the soil stays wet for a prolonged period of time. Plant should have been salvageable- can always repot in new soil or clean up the fungal bits by hand :)
Indie is so cute she should be in ads 😍❤️❤️
The Handmaid's Tale is soooooo good. I read the book more than 10 years ago and loved it. The show is equaly amazing. Watched season 1 in 3 days. Just couldn't stop 😊
I love the way you do your eyeliner, so if you could add that to your tutorial 👌🏾😉
I'm probably the whitest person i know and i still to this day have a struggle finding the right shade foundation. There's a lot of light shades for white peeps out there but from my experience the undertones are too pink, yellow or literally white that it just looks weird on my face and compared to my body. I feel like people forget that white people don't all have the same skincolor or the same undertones. And if i do find the perfect shade by some miracle it freaking oxidises. Sooo now i just use concealers for foundation.
I watched the promo for the handmaidens tale and boy I really want to watch it, looks so scary
feeling exactly the same about going back to gym after a long time
Does Indie watch tele every time she's home👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
Another Margaret Atwood adaptation is coming out on netflix called Alias Grace, definitely worth a read xx
0:14 I can't cope she's too adorable xxx
The Handmaids Tale book is amazing :D there's so many hidden messages xxx
Some white people struggle as well, majority of the time I have to add a white foundation to everything x
Wow!! Great video.. I love mine https://youtu.be/7b4mMV7ahpk
I am very pale and also always struggle to find the right shade!
I had to read The Handmaids Tale for a class. The book was so good and I have to get around to watching it to see any differences. I totally recommend that you still get around to reading it. 💛
Sammi you're doing a great job, I love how real you are. You're super hardworking and please know that the ones criticising you are in the minority. Why they're even on your channel I don't know?!
Please do a chatty fenty haul! Also, I had to take breaks watching the handmaiden's tail, it can get to you!
Sammi could you do a video of what you do at the gym like workout routine..by the way love your videos and FAM!!❤❤❤❤
Growing up I was never able to get a light enough shade of foundation or concealer :( now it's a bit easier
Pleaseee where is your living room art prints from 😩😩💓 xx
It's not that you bought pink it's that it was in same video, I totally agree about bringing up your child to know about gender but that it doesn't limit you in what you want to do or achieve, my daughter had a little tikes garage and cars, toys should be universal and it's where people take gender roles too far either way thats a problem, being aware and wanting to make a difference for your child regardless of their gender is a powerful and important thing to do, xx
Pls dont do a voice over in the makeup tutorial :p
How can you avoid buying pink when most clothes for girls are pink? Of course, not all but most. If you see a nice pink dress, you can afford it, it's her size..., YOU BUY IT. If you see a nice blue shirt, you can afford it, it's her size...., buy it. GOD. Why are people complaining? lol (I believe I'm getting my POV out there)
You always look so stunning sam! ❤
Handmaid's Tale is sooo good, I watched it a couple of weeks ago. Can't wait for the next season
You have what it seems quite a fair complexion so I didn't think you found it hard to find foundation shades.
Hey sammi where's your gold necklace from? You've probably mentioned before but obviously I didn't get it 🙈🙈 xxx
I loved the handmaids tale at the beginning but towards the end I was keen x
Where's your phone case form?! I love it!
Gym struggle is real! I procrastinated an 8 minute ab workout for hours yesterday and I constantly do this thing where i go back for the first time in ages, then I rest the next day cause I'm sore then I never go back 😂
All this gender rubbish is getting completely out of hand now. As a mother of a child who cannot yet make her own decisions you havr every right to dress her however you see fit. I'm a few years older and i cannot remember this ever being an issue when i was a kid. Parents dressed their kids in whatever they felt like. I had a Thomas the tank engine cardigan and postman pat jumper that i would happily wear when i was wearing a pretty frock. Many friends and relatives would have hand me down toys and clothes that weren't necessarily the 'right' gender for them. But they didn't care. Why? Because they were a damn kid and stuff like that didn't matter. If you're trying to force a teenage boy to wear a dress then that's another story. Sometimes things like clothes and toys are gendered. Get over it. Buy what you feel like.
I watched that serie and i was in shock by the main idea of the serie and all the things happens to her 😱😱😱, but people need to watch it.\n❤️ u from Spain! 😘😘
You dont need to explain yourself when it comes to what color clothes you buy for your daughter, people need to fucking relax and worry about their own damn lives. You're a great mom.
You are right. Trying to raise your child without gender id limitations doesn't mean you have to ignore her gender. I just means you don't push her into a traditional model of gender roles. I think you're doing a great job.
The new couch with the plant looks so nice together. Glad you've got a new friend in the mix! It's so hard to meet good people.. meh - thanks for sharing Sam! xx
lol that shoddy Ocean Bells place is in Watford xD
I'm so excited to see your video on Fenty! My shopping cart looks JUST like yours lol! I got a sample of the foundation and I love it. I picked up the lip gloss and it's my most favorite ever, so comfy to wear and flattering.
OH MY GOD INDIE IS SO BLOODY CUTE
The Handmaid's Tale is the best TV I've seen since Mad Men! A very important piece of work. They have a great instagram page, handmaidsonhulu xx
Love  we watch almost the same shows.
Hi Sammi! I'm not sure if you'll see this but I'm about 4 months postpartum with my second and with my first I had a lot of postpartum depression and anxiety so I was determined to handle it better the next time around. I've been taking Evening Primrose Oil supplement (it's suppose to help regulate hormones) as well as a vitamin B complex supplement with my multivitamin and it has really helped me out. Also if it's a cloudy day and I can't get out in the sun I take a Vitamin D3 supplement. I hope this helps in any way. I know postpartum issues can be so debilitating and then having your life public for criticism must not make it any easier 😕 but I love your videos and have always admired your honestly!
I think the plant needs more air circulating around it to stop the moisture in the air from making it mouldy. Maybe put it near an open window sometimes. Ah lame comment
HERE ARE MY THOUGHTS!\n1. in response to what you said earlier: i fully trust you, your opinion on makeup and your makeup skills! i adore your tutorials and often finish watching the video having learnt something!\n2. Sam, I'm white myself and still unable to find the right shade LMAO\n3. i HAVE to start working out again, having graduated hs i have no excuses...\n4. FUN FACT: PINK used to represent the boys a couple centuries ago because it is stronger as a colour than blue!! And now it's a girl's colour... hell yeah.\n5. it annoys me how there are some people in our small community that always take your words out of proportion and assume whatever. you're always so clear with your opinions, what''s needed by us the viewers is sth as simple as logic. guess not everyone has that....\n6. I'M LOVING VLOGTEMBER!!!!! kisses xx
Yes to makeup tutorials always love you doing them! And people need to calm down your human xx
I still love your beauty tutorials! I don't need you to be the best at makeup because I'm not the best either. I just love seeing you doing something creative and talking about how the products work for you. That trophy wife shade in the highlighter looks amazing on everyone of EVERY skin tone. It's so incredible!
Just watchin your video and thinking about your TATTOOS: how do you feel now about them (as a parent, adult etc)? Does your mind changed? Do you still want to add more on your body? How your point of view about your tattoos and tattoos in general has involved trought years? This is a video i would love to see on your channel! :) \n(sorry for english mistakes i am french) Have a nice day! Take care!
I love you girl ! Don't feel you need to explain yourself. Just let the people who want to pick everything you say proceed. You do you xxxxx
Yaaaayyy love your videos so so much! Always make a coffee for myself and enjoying:) by the way I'm soooo in love with your family and London ❤️🎉💋 have a nice day beautiful mamma
You hit the nail on the head with the whole gender neutral topic! As always Sammi rise above what others have to say, but you already know that 💕
8:40 was that alt j for a second? love them
What were the titles of the book u started reading?
I was hoping you'd demo Fenty for us. Love your hair like this!
How is this on trending?
I loved the The Handmaid's Tale too!
Indy is Adorable such a beautiful baby, I think she looks so much like your mum ❤️
Sammie, I was surprised that you didn't mention Fenty beauty like most people online (especially since you like Rihanna). I can't wait to see you wear it, and I love that you only show interest for brands you genuinely like xxx
Your beautiful
Your brows are looking great!
i love jenny!!!
goo.gl/9Z6u3q New Gold/Platinum Plated Cubic Zirconia CZ Bridal Tennis Bracelet only £6.99 includes free delivery!
YAASS ROBYN IS THE QUEEEEEN
Indie's tiny ponytails are SO CUTE
Handmaids Tale was boring, I found
Sammi's vlogs are always trending!!
Where's Riley :(
<3
LOVE a vlog LOVING vlogtember
Ah!! I recognise that Krispy Kreme! Feeling homesick now hehe! 😍😭 xxxx
YOUR EYES!😍😍🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺🌺
You say how difficult it is for Asian/tan/black girls to find their perfect shade and make it seem easy for white girls to get the perfect shade. I agree to an extent but as a Scottish pale skinned girl (super pale I may add) I've never found my perfect shade. I'm still having to mix two foundations to get a decent colour that somewhat matches me because I find everything is either too pink or yellow toned. It's wonderful that Fenty has created so many shades so that all of us can find something that is hopefully perfect. I shall definitely try it out!
I love you Sammi, I'm a mommy too but there is one thing that I don't like about you- why do you ignore Indie's cry for long time? I understand that you're talking to the camera but please do a break and take care of your baby first :( listening as she's crying and you don't even look ar her is so sad for me. I personally as a mum too want to hug her because i do it when my little son cry ♥️ can you do that please? :( love you!
It really annoys me how as soon as any woc talks about struggling with foundation shades, all these pale white girls come out of the woodwork saying how tough it is for them to find the right shade..
Gorgeous and your skin is flawless! On my way to your next video!
The foundation really looked like her skin color, damn Rihanna doing good
This was such a wonderful, in depth review. I feel like you covered all the possible questions I could have about the foundation and really appreciated the swatches and oxidisation tests. Even though I'm super pale and wouldn't be using the same foundation colours, I found your video to be really informative and helpful. Plus you're super sweet and beautiful. Subscribed!
Omg you're so pretty! And so sweet an genuine, I love you so much ♥️✌🏻
your skin don't need no foundation baby! It's flawless! I have to give a human sacrifice to glow half as much as you! Thank you for your review!
You're so freaking beautiful omg. Your skin is so perfect and clear and here I am fighting acne & blackheads 🙄 but slay girl!!! ♥️♥️
Aaaayyy I love this foundation and I got my foundation for 23 bucks aayyyyyy thanks for Jcpennys for having a saphora!!! aayyy lol
Wow you have beautiful skin, i envy you :( in a good way though lol
The color looks really good, I'm so glad that she made an effort to be inclusive.
Are you half Asian?
Girl you are so darn beautiful ! Your skin color has me mesmerized tbh, so smooth and it has a natural glow and my gaaawwwd <3 New subscriber right here!
Your skin is BEAUTIFUL, could you do a skincare routine video?
Your skin looks very moist and your eyebrow is fantastic ..
Is it weird how a ferry beauty by Rihanna ad came up when I clicked on this vid ?
You are stunning.  You have beautiful flawless skin prior to foundation but it looks really good on you!  New subscribers.
How have I not come across you before?! \nMy absolute favorite thing is when I find a YouTuber that I can listen to them talk & not want to turn it off after 5 minutes. Definitely binge watching your channel tonight :-)
You are so beautiful! 😍
Your skin is so flawless u dont even need makeup gurl
First time view and I subscribed. I'm glad to see a positive review of the Fenty foundation, I feel like people who don't like it are used to a foundation that gives more dewy-ness. I'm curious how it compares to the Hourglass Liquid to Powder, which I have but it's old and thickened up. But let me ask a question, people keep saying it oxidizes, but a lot a matte liquid lipsticks dry down darker and I don't think people say those oxidize. I consider a foundation to oxidize if it darkens throughout the wear time as it breaks down. Cars don't rust instantly,  it's a slower chemical reaction. I think anything that is liquid to powder just darkens a little with dry down, so you just need to swatch and go with something that appears lighter in its liquid form but dries down to its actual color. Thoughts? \nI also got the primer, touch up powder & brush, and some samples to try; slapping it all on tomorrow so fingers crossed it's as good as you made it look!
I love the way she talks!
eeeeeeeeeew ugliest bitch I ever seen!! black is ugly the women OMG they are like ugliest the last race any one would want hahaha
You have such beautiful skin
how amazing that its 2 days later and you're already more than halfway to 400k. get it!
You should try the Idun Minerals Norrsken liquid foundation. I think it would look really good on your already beautiful skin.
Wow so beautiful!!!! You don't even need to wear foundation!
The fact that when I went to the mall to get my own Fenty items, ALL the shades in your skin tone were pretty much gone... that will tell you how much these makeup companies that think darker skin tone girls don't really buy makeup or whatever their excuse is to not make darker shade ranges are Completely wrong! It actually made me so happy like I wanted to cry 😭 Rihanna really thought this whole thing out and I commend her for that 👏🏾👏🏾
Color worked and you look so dewy.  I think it worked beaut9 on you.  Very pretty!
Girl you don't even need one drop of makeup. Love ur vids but shit if I could walk out tha house lookin like u do naturally I'd be set 😅😗
What a natural beauty
your voice is so soothing!
I actually feel bad when girls with ur skin tone can't find products that match ur skin. I really hope things change and you guys have a wider selection. Your skin is so beautiful though mashallah u don't even need foundation. This is the second video of yours that I've watched. First video was the KKW review.
You are very pretty...
Dude you got almost 70k in 2 days?
You are seriously the most beautiful person I've ever seen before. I'm in love!! 😍😍😍
How is your skin so shiny all the time ❤ Oh my god. You don't even need makeup
Your skin is so beautiful!! If i had your skin I wouldn't even use foundation!!!😩😩😩😍
So since the foundation oxides . Will it be better to go one shade lighter?
What's your favorite foundation?? I am using the fenty right now but I also have the oxidizing problem, so I just bronze my neck so I don't look too orange lol. Do you like the Lancôme one better??? \n\nReally awesome review. I'm binging your videos right now and I'm obsessed! Easily my new fave YouTuber! :)
Omg your skin is fucking amazing! I'm so jealous right now! Jesus Christ how can U be so god damn regal
Really like your eyebrows. Btw you are really pretty
To be honest, I love what you're doing in the YouTube community. Thank you!
Love the warmth in the foundation color. It's gorgeous on you. My pet peeve are the ashy looking colors.
Legit the only video I was waiting on for this product!
wow! so pretty!!!! also you gained 67k in two days so proud
I'm so done with all the comments on her gorgeous chocolate skin. That is not a compliment even if you think it is. You can call a dark skinned black woman beautiful without comparing her to food. It's so cringey and patronizing. Think about it, do you go to a fair skinned white womans channel and see hordes of comments going on about her light vanilla skin? Typically not because it sounds ridiculous and it is.
i like your skin
You don't even need foundation your skin is beautiful. Ugh I'm jealous! I hope you have skincare routine videos. #subscribed
You just want something to complain about girl this foundation looks bomb on you and matches your neck !!
I thought the foundation was kinda light, but I actually think it is more because it looks warm toned on her hand swatch. I feel like her skin is more cold... I wonder... Glad Rihanna said there are going to be more shades in the future.
You are one nature BEAUTY!
This video is about hitting 300k and a couple days later you're about to hit 400k
God WHAT A GREAT SKIN!!! <3 I have problems to find a very pale color in foundations, in Brazil it's more to the medium shades! Happy to see all this beautiful skin colors covered in this collection! ;*
You have an amazing glow and the foundation didn't seem to take that away at all. A great dewy look without appearing oily. Based on your review I'll definitely try it.
Why do you wear makeup your skin is gorgeous just the way is it
Just a thought: I wonder if there is a denser sponge that perhaps wouldn't soak up the foundation as much?
Girl your skin is GLOWING 😍😍😍😍
You skin is beautiful!
dude , ur skin is so smooth😍you don't even need foundation
this was my first vid of yours but i just wanted to say YOU'RE STUNNING OMG YOU'RE LITERALLY FLAWLESS! 😍 i genuinely thought you were wearing foundation before you started the review. i'm so jealous i wish i was this gorgeous!💕
The sponge is for the highlighter for under the eyes that's why its shape like that... The brush is for the foundation... !! After 7.5hours still looked flawless ❤️Great review 🌹#Riri
I got emotional during the part when you said you saw other gals who looked like you getting matched. That makes me sooooo happy and I think we need to really make it known to the beauty community that ALL shades of people love to wear makeup and want a shade that works for them. Even if this formula isn't the best for a majority of people the fact that the launch had 40 shades needs to be commended and applauded very very loudly. Thank you for the thorough review, beautiful! ❤️
i think the sponge didnt work the way you wanted coz you probably didnt wet it? maybe try that and then see..u might like it...
Great review of Fenty Beauty Nyma! As a dark skin girl myself, I'm so pleased to see we weren't left out the shade spectrum of this makeup line. I know the struggle. This foundation looks like it really matched your skin tone.o
You have the best skin in the world jfc
can we get a skincare routine? your skin is flawless!💛
legit subscribed and added you on sc in 2 minutes of this video, you are gorgeous and sooo sweet
Beautiful! And now I gotta try a sponge for foundation instead of a brush! Thanks for the tips!
You are soooo BEAUTIFUL!! And your skin is like butter!!! I'm so jealous!!❤️
Girl your skin is glowing!!!!
You are so beautiful!
Question: Is it fair for someone with flawless looking polished skin to try a makeup product that is supposed to make you look flawless? Your skin looked glowy and bright from beginning to end. Love your videos! Keep it up!
This is the best foundation I've seen you try, it looks so sickening on you. This makes me want to start wearing makeup
You're skin looks awesome😍 is so shiny and you are so gorgeous 💗
girlieee 😩 drop that skincare routine 😍😍
You are BEAUTIFUL!!!
You are sooooo beautiful omg
youre so pretty!!!❤️
Black girl magic 👑
She's so ccccuuuuutttttttttteeeeee.
Jesus your gorgeous without makeup ,😫😍😍😍🙌🏽
beautiful
Soooo pretty
So beautiful! ♥️
Beautiful 😊
😍😍😍🤗😍😍😍😍😍
So stunning!
Dam bitch you beautiful 😩😍😍
So pretty.😘😘😘
OMFGGGGGG you have flawless skin!
You are soooo beautiful. 💘
She is stunning 😍😍
I loveeee you sisssss
let me just say, WOW! <3
Your skin is amazing!
Girl your skin is gorgeous!!! 🍫🍫
I love your skin. Flawless love😍😍
Gorgeous!💕💕
Beautiful
Girrrrrl what is yo skin care routine 😍😍 ya gorgeous
Omg I wish I had your complexion 😍😍😍😍 melanin 🍫🍫😍😍😍😍😍 Poppin
that nose highlight !!!! 😍😍
Bonne Bell was my favorite!!
Smells like teen spirit
i love your hairstyle!!!
What...is...that highlighter!?
I miss the 90s!!!
CosmoGirl! TeenPeople! Seventeen
YOUR HAIR 😍
Your face looks so luminous habibi
Smells Like TEEN SPIRIT!
Awh Your hair is so cute
double sassy buns for the win!
Love the 90s throwback
LOLOL this boy child! Love you, BUNNNYYYYYY!
i liked video the 90 vinatage mistery caboole very cute to makeup greethings argentina
Loves Baby Soft perfume!
Your look omg
I love your make-up
Bottle emotions bonnie bell perfumes
You are so gorgeous
loved the 90s lol XD all bout the glitter, lip smackers, snap bracelets, and scrunchies lol. also loved me some butterfly clips XD
Lmbo, I used teen spirit
Cutest hairstyle on you ever!
I literally have that makeup box from Walmart for 15$ 😂😂😂
Is she wearing the milk makeup holographic highlighter?
Bunny looks like a early 2000s goth girl and that's a complement 👍👍👍
august 13 is my birthday (':
Anyone else waiting for her to say Mmm... smells like teen spirit... when she smelt the deodorant? 😂 also... Boy child 😂 😂
OMG I loved the 90s, I was born in 1985 I am a 90s kid. I loved things like Pogs, Marbles, Sega Genesis, the original playstation and all those sorts of things. I was never really into beauty products except lipsmackers and there was another chapstick I used that was glittery, but it wasn't lip gloss. Man so nostalgic, it makes me want to cry because I miss the 90s so much!
+grav3yardgirl  *Caboodles® of California started in the mid-1980's,* and they subcontracted the actual boxes to a manufacturer in your area:  Plano Molding Company, Plano, TX, USA, who makes bank on plastic tool and tackle boxes.  I recognize the boy band photo in the well:  Maurice Starr (BMI) had all sort of photographic stuff to promote his pet project, then-Columbia/Sony recording artists New Kids on the Block, and the group was actually featured on an edition of _People Weekly,_  a still-in-circulation Time Warner periodical.
Bunny, your makeup, hair, outfit....everything is on point!
Bunny how old are you?
Teen spirit is sold at Dollar Tree :P
I'm 26 and miss everything from the 90's! I remember all the good stuff from the 90's but they do still produce all of those things that were in that caboodle..well besides the magazine...most of it you can find at dollar stores. I still have my caboodle from 1999, its a light purple color. My favorite thing was the roller glitter, it was a little glass bottle with a large roller on top and had a clear liquid with glitter inside you could roll it on your chest, face, arms EVERYWHERE! It was the IT thing along with MUDD chunky shoes! And I miss the cool overalls they used to have in the 90's!
1998 the birth of awesome stuff like the birth of meee
OMGGGGG pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee bunny i am begging you for the people mag. i am a die hard (nkotb)blockhead and would love to have it! lol  i am dying seeing that lol so want it! dang i should of bought this lol.
I'm 32 and use Teen Spirit Deodorant lol it smells so good! Plus I've also got the same Caboodle ✌️💚
Last week I saw a kid eating dirt at a playground. I didn't let my niece play with him after that. He was eating it like you'd eat that dip n lick sugar powder. Or lick n dip. I forget. But it was nasty.
Lol that magazine came out one day before I was born
Hair so kawaii I can't even.
I HAVE THE TEEN SPIRIT DEODORANT IT SMELLS SO GOOD!!!!!
My absolute favorite lipstick in the 90s was Ultima II's LipSexxxy long lasting lipstick in a raisin color. It was more red than raisin and I thought it looked awesome on Me! It would dry you lips out though. These were the precursor to today's liquid lippies.
How in the world did you do your hair so cute and sassy, Bunny?!?
I would love to see some more 90@80s
Does anyone remember the body glitter roll bottle? That was my jam in the late 90's.
Bunny: *who doesnt like Micheal Jackson*\nMe: people who dont have an awesome taste in music\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPs im 13 and i grew up around  micheal jackson songs and i remeber being soo excited when he made this is it'
i swear i had one of those caboodles when i was a kid for all my makeup (lip gloss mostly flavored)
We (sisters)would keep nail polishes in our caboodle and use the little trays to dump out the colors to swatch or test them lol. We had quite the collection of polish!
She's 32? she acts/looks so much younger.
I have that same box 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀🦄🐩👊👊
looove your aura in this blog 😍\nso goth💖
Who else thinks Bunny's hair and makeup looked amazing?!?!
I was born in 94 so I was too little to remember the 90's:( but what a great decade
I high key need a hair and makeup tutorial from this look omg I love it
Remember the bonnybell roll on body glitter? Or the gold lipstick
I still use mine and wear lip gloss still 😂😳
BUNNY! There’s a board game called the Logo Game and that’s literally what it’s about! Logos and slogans! So much fun!
I literally had a blue caboodle just like that!
I do have a Caboodle however, yard sale find. Now my home tool kit, little hammer, box knife, screw driver etc....LOL... all kinds of uses for caboodles!!
There is a game of slogans.  It's called Adverteasing.  I've seen it at Target.
Picture of Michael Jackson with a bunch of random kids. Yep. Sounds about right. 😂
Can you say Bon Bon nail polish please!! They were my favorite in the 90's
I just bought the same Caboodle from Walmart❤️💋
ROSEANNE!! Best part of the 90s hands down lol
I love you outfit and makeup today Bunny!
I want to know how you did this hair style. Super cute!!
SO IN LOVE WITH YOUR MAKEUP😍Please do a tutorial if this look 🙏🏼❤️
THE NEW KIDS ON THE BLOCK ARE MY OBSESSION!!!!!!!!!! SOOOOOOO JEALOUS!!!!!! I still have the VHS tapes!!!! I miss the 90's.
I literally have one of these Caboodles in my bathroom
I feel SO OLD! I was a SENIOR in 1991 this weekend is my homecoming High School football 25 year reunion so I most definitely feel pretty vintage as it is and to watch a video by my Beloved Bunny calling it the old days really just sunk me LOL!! Love Ya Bunny!!
Omg u look like phoebe from friends
Bunny, I legit need to have that magazine. What bribery goodness will it take for you to let go of that magazine with my guys on it? Pretty please!!!! I make amazing brownies from scratch.  Huh? Huh? 😃
That make up case is from target! I have it!
My dad bought me a Caboodle for my eight grade field trip to D.C. It was blue with sparkles. I loved that thing. I feel like the magazine should have been Tiger Beat or one of those magazines with all the posters . Loved this video Bunny !!!!
that was my sisters first deodorant
I had most of this stuff, omg T_T Scrunchies.
so i just bought the butterfly clips from the dollar tree. they had the flower ones too and i'm pretty sure they had the deodorant too. (live for DT! have lipsmackers right now.)little bit underwhelming video:/ best part was magazine
I HAVE THE SAME EXACT ONE AND I USED TO HAVE ALL THAT STUFF AND I WAS BORN IN 2001
there's a board game called logo or something and its where u hae to complete slogans and stuff
Your makeup was awesome in this video, Bunny!
Does anyone know where she gets this stuff?
I own one of those and it's full now
I was still cooking when that magazine came out 😂 I Loved the 90s! I remember the tiny Bonbon nail polish I always had to get those!
I still have my purple caboodles box from I was 13 ! (I'm 29 now) lol it has spice girls stickers on it !
Your hair and makeup in this 😍😍😍 TUTORIAL PLZ
Try The Logo Board Game
Bath and body works body glitter!!!! 90s forever!!
Omg! My mom had a caboodle when I was younger but I had no idea it was a makeup box. She haf the pink, purple and turquoise one. My mom had a bunch of sewing things inside it  instead.
Omg my cousin had teen spirit 😂 i totally used it when i first started to get the weird smells
I still have mine purple and glitter lol
Love your hair! \nTotally a lipsmackers girl: dr. Pepper!
I wish the kid that ate the lip smackers would watch this and make himself known lol
bunny ur hair looks so pretty and healthy!!
I still love NKOTB!  Saw them in concert this summer and going on their cruise again this year!
Your eyes look mesmerizing. It's a lil scary. Very fookin groovy lady.
Love your make up 😍
I wasn't born in the 90s but my mom gave me all of her old scrunchies and I absolutely LOOVED them and I wish I still had some
Please finish swamp family mail and open my Kendleton Farms camp tye-dye box on camera!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🎉🎉🎉🎉
I love your choice of jewelry , love your style Can you please do a jewelry collection 💜💙💚❤️💛🖤 😞😌😊.           Like if you agree
I love your hair!!!
Is it just me or is Brandon's voice kinda extra...lispy? Did I miss something?
Is that old Luffy from One Piece. Check out the chest.
Can we all take a second to appreciate just how awesome the Rooster Teeth Animation outro is now? It's brilliant.
This is Weird but is Understandable people. Thanks.
Love every time they talk about this man on the podcast.
These used to be my favorite back in the day
You kayaked passed the booie where you're supposed to kayak ... and you thought he was trying to kill you... lol
Plot twist: This was The Most Interesting Man In The Word.
Who'd have thought\nhttps://youtu.be/vHWbibCETSo
0:54 Brandon is really good at story telling :)
It's not Summer anymore.
I almost pissed myself laughing at the Kayak scene ! Brilliant ! 1st time watching & it was well worth it Lol
Found this site that actually pays you just for playing games 😂😎\nso much fun and money at the same time🤑 here is it if you wanna try it too\nhttp://6753ciw2unnx2ya5j6xdo2gx6x.hop.clickbank.net/
Subscribe to my channel the username is young kid Savage Kingdom
Want your very own cinematic film based on you? Well now you can! Go to https://www.fiverr.com/thetrooper1 and i will create your very own cinematic short on GTA V with your character as the main character in an epic fight to survive!
Sence When did you   get on trending?
I don't always.....
that guys father-in-law is like the most interesting man in the world or Sean Connery
Brandon's stories are so awkward... But they're so good!
https://youtu.be/ip4__BcfRfc\n\nNice video everyone should watch it
The most interesting man in the world is his father-in-law
Want free google play or paypal money? Click this link https://youtu.be/mvyvaj_mS1Q
Thought this channel died. huh I guess not
ROSSTER TEETH DO YOU REMEMBER YOU HALO ANIMATIONS??? ITS IN NETFLIX NOW LOL
1:58 Brandon doesn't have legs?!
The most interesting man in the world
The most interesting father in law in the world
The father-in-law looks a lot like Ra's al ghul
I shore thought he was going to take you wave him, but water would have happened if he did.\nI guess I'm to punny today. I'm wavy sorry.\nOk I'm shore that's it.
Can't believe my video 10 Kittens 1st Day Outside has over 2 million views now! \nGo check it out and hit that subscribe button!  xoxo Sarina 😊 \n\nhttps://youtu.be/DcJk32AJckg
i bet the father in law eats his cereal without any milk
His dad is the Dos X guy
Wtf is wrong with the men of today. 🙄
Watch the latest and the best movies online, just on\nmoviesgate.tv
So Brandon's father-in-law is the Most Interesting Man in the World from those stupid beer commercials?
goo.gl/7eZ8oB New Mens Black Leather Analog Quartz Stainless Steel Waterproof Wrist only £5.99 for a limited time only 3 left!
I still can't stop laughing because the father in law was stil holding on underwater
Stereograms of Wealth\nMatrix of Wealth\nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nStereograms to order\nPersonalized stereograms
I love how Brandon's father in law looks like the older dos-equis guy!
LOL...the most interesting man in the world....his father-in-law...
Watching with out sound is odd
great animation, great story . good video
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
Good job Brandon you're on trending for attempted murder
I have the opposite effect. I look white but I'm Mexican I go and talk to the hispanics in Spanish and they talk back to me in English.
I'm so happy that rt is on trending. I never see them on it so it's nice to see a creator on it that deserves it
Notice that he's drinking straight Tanqueray gin at 0:22.
No power and no WiFi yet here I am still watching youtube videos
Lol! I loved this story on the podcast! And the choice to make Brandons father in law look like the Most Interesting Man in the World is GREAT. Good stuff guys :)
Hello, and Welcome to my chnnl...
Bet you wont Subscribe to My Channel
wow nice drowing for power \nsome animation click here \nhttps://goo.gl/dSh8cJ
1 Bit coin now equal to more than 4000$😍😨\n\nNow this is the new one go fast and sign up for free you will have 50 WCX for free also😍😍 \n\nYou just should follow this link below then sign\n up and verify your account and wait to be millionaire😍😍😎\n\nhttps://wcex.co/?ref=KiWMUo9V\n\nI did it ,it is your turn 😃\nYou won't lose any thing just earn money 😂😍\n\nSure it isn't an hack link it is a global company😏😌
why is this on trending? ive never seen these on trending
awesome, this is a creative animated video.\ni am also a graphic designer. some document below hare.https://goo.gl/c2W8Wa
Power, Sweet animated video\nHere is animated design. \nhttps://goo.gl/1sV8GM
Rooster Teeth Animated Adventures is amazing video.\nI made it  https://goo.gl/h39bx9
This cutting video is very good. I like this kind of duck video. Below is a link to this type of video.\nhttps://goo.gl/x1Qjh4, https://goo.gl/HeXjjc
The videos is very nice.\nhttps://goo.gl/fM77dk
Drowning for Power , very nice\nHere is same Animated Adventures videos :https://goo.gl/5MiQK5
Drowning for Power is a great, I like it.\nHere is also some animated https://goo.gl/ANPfkx
Drowning for Power ..This video relly great.\nHere is also some Animation.https://goo.gl/Rhf1a9
Drowning for Power. is a very hot video\nhere is also some animation design.https://goo.gl/kv7NW7
Fidel Castro - See you later alligator!\nSeconds later...he dies.
Of course the Father In-law is bad ass. Look at his chest hairs! Dead give away.
RvB 16?
Everyone's an amputee!
Who still watches rooster teeth
Trending
Daamn
That oldman has no teeth.
How is Rooster teeth 11 on trending
the booie
https://jsitblogblog.wordpress.com/
#3 on trending???
Number 10 on trending!?!
#1 TRENDING!!!!!!
Original OnePlus 5 6 64GB Smartphone Snapdragon 835 Octa core LTE 4G 5.5 20.0 MP 16.0 MP dual Camera fingerprint Android OS 7.0 goo.gl/PqVmjo
Oh Brandon.... simple simple Brandon...
666 dislikes wierd
LMAOO stay thursty my friends
https://youtu.be/cdSyoLd4q1Q
He didn't disengage
Had a savage Applebees ad
This made the trending page? SIIICCK.
This is fantastic.
Yes number 1 on trending come through RTAA
Wait, how is this trending? 😂
Trending?!?
wow\n#4 on trending
grats on 2nd on trending!
How is this trending ? Awful
#2 on trending!!!!!!
#2 on trending
Rooster Teeth? great......\nsee more    https://goo.gl/3V48q4
Wow #13 on trending
Small YouTuber here! I would love to get some constructive feedback. :)
Taylor Swift Ready For It? official Music video \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDlyhXdJN7s
ayy number 10 on the trending page well done guys
Brandon is the less interesting person in the world
wait wait wait is that dude blaming pewdiepie for the tattoo he got himself? that was his decision though? youtubers are weird lol
Firewatch would have sold half the games if Pewdiepie didnt play it.\nEveryone is leeching in him for saying nigger, I dont say he doesnt need to suffer any concequences but people are just disgusting for trying to make a buck out of this.
Pewshitpie is so fucking dumb get a real job!!!!!
get him off youtube! he is a disaster and he caused the advertising mess and now he is doing it again! he should go back to selling hot dogs!
i dont understand why pewds is getting so much shit from this
I hope this video also talks about KSI making fun of depression and acting violent in front of a group of young kids, if not, then this video is extremely discriminating towards white people////protective over black people.
People really cannot say people are blowing out of proportion let me ask u are u black ? If ur not u have no say u can support the disgust we feel but u can't relate like really hard R Nigger he couldn't cuss in Swedish like wow
ksi says nigga in every diss track and dont say that hes black so its ok, no its not. Ither you can our cant say it, and its just a fucking word that are being used every day like it or not.
Idk why people gotta be a little bitch baby about it. People joke around using the word nigger. Me and my friends say it all the time. Ksi is and attention whore and who gives a fuck about people saying nigger. It's a joke word like kys, retard, fagg, etc....like I'm just saying fucking chill. I don't like pewdiepie or ksi but ik that people just want fucking attention like ksi.
idubbz says it all the time
I'm glad I hope they tale down that 6mill view video I've never watched nor liked pew but he can still play games just not make videos of them
I mean dude if your not a American dude why you using a word you don't really understand why would you use it if I go to Sweden I won't say their curse words that I don't understand the history of its common sense man it's not that he is a racist but it's really fucking dumb
so stupid this dude disstrack nobody cares that he sayed20times nigga bit pewdie cant?! fk u all USA is so dump and stupid
Cool Kermit posted a new video
I guarantee u that everyone has at least said it before so y the fuck everyone hatin?
Hey it's the nigger guy......
Bruh if Sean contacts telltale to take down pewds TWD vids I will die a little inside.
i could understand if he said nigga but he said nigger...
These ppl that are hating on pewdiepie are fucking retarded, even blacks already play with that word and dont care about it.\nThe meaning of this word isnt anymore what it was before.\nI call black ppl close to me as niggers and they dont give a fuck so why should they?
I hear that In every dam game & only Gamer talk
I'm Asian and all I want to say is nigger
it's like getting your wife's name tatted then crying when she cheats on you. your stupid for getting that tattoo
Corporations are going stright for the throat. It was stupid and he fked up, sadly this will get blown out of proportion.
Idubbz says it o its cool pewdiepie says it and TRIGGER😡😡😡😡😡😡
Idubbz says the n word every vid and no one freaks out
I think rice's new diss track is gonna be on pewdiepie
Can we all agree these gotcha moments are getting old? Who gives a shit?
Hey if you are offended if him saying the n word, you can fuck off you dumbass niggers, we say it to call people stupid or just describe people we dislike, it doesn’t have anything to do with race, if I wanted to talk about race I would say black, African American and shit like that
welp i think its time to change my name and profile picture :(
Why people so butthurt that he said that lmao
Every heard how a Chain saw start?  Runnnnnnnnn nigganigganigganigganigganigga  haha its funny cause i said nigger.
the creator has no right  to do that to pewds
Oh my god I hate N I G G E R S 🍑🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆😫😡👄🐶👓⌛🍆⌛🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆
White people always that word but want to play the victim when they get they ass beat (not pewdiepie though it just slipped idc bout him)
Inb4 that game developer was the one that PewDiePie actually called a nigger on the livestream. No other reason for him to be so salty.
What's the big deal with saying nigger??? It's not like your killing someone jeez
scarce is a fool.\nblack people call themselves niggers anyway... the worlds supposed to be equal now so why cant every race say anything the other races say...
I mean freedom of speech
People who treat the word nigger so seriously are what makes the word a big deal. They are giving it the power that they don't want it to have. Its a fucking word get over it
Pewdiepie the only white dude that can say the N word 😤😤he got unlimited passes
What has YouTube become. From elephant videos to people loosing their minds over a word. I thought 'you'tube meant you tube.
A white person is not qualified to call this word just a word. He's not affected by this hate. How dare he!
This is honestly blow way out of proportion its just a word
News media makes a big deal of him saying the N word.\nBut never acknowledged his accomplishment in reaching a million in charity.\nThat's the news media for you...
Damn what a senstive world get the fuck over it niggeRRRRRRRRRR
Only confirmed what people suspected of him
It's just a word. \nYou can call me beaner, border hopper, and or wet-back without me getting offended because I'm not a little snowflake.\nIf PewDiePie would of used Knowing the guy/girl was black then yes I'd would be racist because he is directly saying it to a black person.
Wow the way he said it was not that big of a deal tho......
i don't know why u fucking idiots hate when white person says negga and it's ok when any black person say it wtf is the world u livin in .......... like if one white dude hangs all the time with his black friends it's natural when he picks up the word and say it
Nigger needs to stop being a racist word and instead be a word that describes ignorance.  Niggers hold on to that word so they can claim racism, like niggers.
There are more white people freaking out about this than black people most (not all) black people don't give a shit what you say because it's just a word that has been given a derogatory meaning
this n word thing will pass, who actually fucking cares...
at first i thought u wernt wearing a shirt
This pisses me off cause people can't comprehend the mental state of acknowledging the fact that it's a single word with a racist b ackground. In my opinion saying the f bomb is worse because the n-word lost it's meaning when slavery died and now is just floating around like smoke.
this all story is bullshit for people looking for view
He didn't mean that to any black person
Who cares? He said the n word. Big deal. So what.
Yeah but it doesn't matter about the sales he dropped a term that should not even be in people's vocabulary now a days whether you like it or not it doesn't matter about how sales he got off of pewdiepie at the end of the day he dropped the word nigger
We all said the n word in are life
Every fucking human being has said at least once the N word dont bitch...
But, not even his mother cares how many times he says, F-U-C-K. Not too long ago, a lot of people found that pretty vulgar.
Alex is a stupid nigger
Im black and i could give lest sh it
When you got a new haircut and you lookin chill
It's not a money he racist twat
Who tf cares people say it all the time he said it because he was mad that happens to me so.......
I feel like most YouTubers are more upset for the ad revenue than him actually using the N word. I understand that he should not have said that but to truly believe he's racist because of it? No. Since he's so big on YouTube there's any thing to be looked for to make him have bad publicity and in return good publicity for whoever calls him out. The owner of that game wanting to pull out is an example of what I'm trying to say ( if it makes any sense going on a rant here) and acknowledge. Is PewDiePie racist no, was it okay for him to say that, no is it necessary to pull away games from him, no. Even if the company is able to take down his videos he can't convince other companies to want to pull away from pewdiepie for one he is the most subscribed YouTuber and racks in a lot of views. One company pulls away and the other one gets to come in and not worry about competition.
Say nigger: haha this is great\n\nWhat a fucking nigger: wow this dude is a horrible human, what a fucking asshole, he should die.
When 1 single word can cause this much out rage, but no one is this out raged by the fact that females in the middle east get killed for being rapped....? like tf is with humanity, seriously?
Why the fuck is everyone getting so butthurt? Why does ONE FUCKING WORD make a fuss? Like, stop overreacting.
This YouTube rewind is gonna be fucking weird...
Oh my god. Douche bags make videos after pewdie pie. What a fucking loser.
who cares if he said nigger i don't even care if people hate me saying it don't like wut i say DON'T WATCH ME fuck people get so fucking offended over such little shit
Small youtubers are getting mad because of his large following.
why everyone is hating pewdiepie when he said the n word while ksi says it many times but nobody hate him?
White people are more offended than Black people wtf!?!?
I like how leftists have trained their black people to get triggered by nigger.
Why do you think we give a shit about you're opinion you don't know the whole story in any of you're videos and think that you're right get YOURE shit straight before starting more drama dipshit
I don't like pewdiepie but if he's white then he can't say it but ksi can say it
Scarce when are you going to cover a story of when your getting a toothbrush cos nigger that shit yellower than spongebob
Boo fucking hoo he said Nigger get the fuck over it
Scarce, at it again with the LET DOWN. Definitely not the thing to do here. Oh well, people can't control the flow of their following.
I want chocolate
Niggers
My boy hamzTk,SHAAAAAAAARK!!!!!
Nigger
Potato
N I g g e r
fuck scarce
Nigger
Says one word. Fucks up.
Nigger
niglet
That stain
h3h3 said n*****
nigger
Soooooooooooooooooooooooo
lol when everyone wants equality yet only black people can say nigger
U got a problem with pewdiepie? Good stop watching
Grats pewdiepie, killing youtube and killing all the small and medium sized youtubers. 2nd ad apocolyps incoming
Are these the drugs turning the frickin frogs gay?!
OK what proof is there?
I'm sorry, but if you believe this crazy jackass you're simply fucking retarded. I really do feel sorry for you brain dead assholes.
Trump is not capable of purging the white house and the rest of the government.
Ok, even for Alex this is just bat shit crazy. You mind telling us about those people who tell you these things? Because this is ridiculess even for you right now Alex
Alex has lost it long ago..  Most presidents get drugged.  wtf?
AJ...  Did you not know that there are 2  Trumps???    One in the red tie and one in the blue....    Hint...On the night of the Election...that man who was with the Trump Family was not the real one....   wink wink.....
Okay lets follow this logic.... if presidents are being drugged then why did Obama's mind stay so sharp? Oh that's right because you're full of it and America's presidents follow a pendulum from term to term, smart to simple, smart to simple....
This kind of crap is why I prefer to watch Brain Fight with Tuck Buckford
Where is the followup show with the big reveal??
Everyone, here is a link to all our reps in D.C. Contact them and tell them to shut down israeli atrocities.\nhttps://www.house.gov/representatives/find
The enemy, like a crack cocaine fiend, seeks povver by Any Means Necessary.  If Trump comes in and cuts off the enemy's access to control, and he has in many vvays, they vvill do vvhatever it takes to put an end to him.     Even if these brazen demons aren't drugging Trump novv, it's just a matter of time until they try.  Fidel Castro, love him or hate him, survived many attempts on his life,  Jesus Christ, believe in Him or not, had many conspiracies to imprison and kill him before they finally got to him..  only tofind out that you can't kill the truth.    There has alvvays been human beings acting like Snakes in The Grass.. Satan, take it as truth or fiction or metaphor, vvas the original Snake in the grass...and there vvill be many more snakes in the grass to come..     Distrust and caution are the parents of security.  Benjamin Franklin.    Be vigilant my fellovv Americans, The snakes are here.. lying in the shadovvs vvaiting to strike...  and they are poised against you because you are Righteous.  Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Instead, fear the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell.
People need to realise that this is the political commentary version of WWE. Once you understand this, you'll really enjoy it more. It really is fantastic! Thanks for another great show.
isn't this technically slander? I mean it's nuts for sure but isn't it legally slander?
I am worried because these are bad people that killed Chris Cornell and are paying Antifa and other groups to make blacks and whites to fight with each other while I want blacks and whites to unite in peace with each other.
Trump needs to never touch diet pop. Even pregnsnt women are told stay away from aspartame. Maybe he is allergic to aspartame. I know Trump watches u so lets make sure he opens his drinks himself and cleans the lid off
We need to get Jesse Ventura involved.....Alex keep the faith man.....we will prevail
Side shows...
1.6 billion jobs wtf
Britta everyone... Britta - problem solved.
15:05
I'm sure this guy is a plant this kind of thing discredits all the work intelligent people have done. Oh a don't forget to buy the crap that makes you more manly at the end🤡
Jesus? Is America THAT twisted? WOW!
What's next? An assasination attempt?
Alzheimer's Disease is a progressive, degenerative disease that attacks the brain and results in impaired memory, thinking and behavior. Symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease include a gradual memory loss, decline in ability to perform routine tasks, disorientation in time and space, impairment of judgment, personality change, difficulty in learning, and loss of language and communication skills.
This i dont belive, how would you know from a source , why xoesnt the source tell trump
Trump should drink Alexapure, to purify the body of the poison
>People like Clooney who has everything because of his billionaire parents\n\nLike Trump and his parents?\n\n>People are soo sick of empty low IQ who can't read of a prompter\n\n\nLike Trump and his inability to give the coherent speech they put on the prompter?
The best reason yet to impeach Trump, he is letting people drug him, and he is too stupid to notice, right!!!!
What a load of Bullshit
Alex & Roger what can we do, and how can I help. We can not let this happen to our President. I'm got a pit in my stomach and sick to my stomach.
need start showing us hard evidence, a lot of crazy talk . For years !! Seeing is believing
Have to say the thing about W is very interesting. I saw an pre election debate with he and gore and he was sharp as a razor, this is W I'm taking about. He tore gore up. I was used to the bumbling dumb ass one from years later, you know fool me once W.
I thought he was just fucking stupid ???? Drugs are you sure I think he's just thick !!!
this is 100% true i've been saying the same thing for years now
? fake news ? how is it that you know, but our president doesn't ? Hard to believe that the president is unaware.  If this is happening then do something about it - why tell us, take action.
At least drugs would explain some of the fucked up shit he says
I checked that CNN analyst, just to see if he really was stupid enough to brag about government officials in the USA plotting to assassinate our POTUS....and he really did! Tapper tries to sweep his threats under the carpet, but the analyst is so cocky about POTUS Trump being killed, he goes on to explain why the US government officials WILL assassinate the POTUS: because Trump hurt their feelings! Time to start locking people up on treason and conspiracy to commit murder charges!
How long did Alex train to get his WWE voice?
😂😂😂more excuses for when he fires Mueller and gets impeached
lmfao and you people try to claim that mainstream media is fake
So Alex, you got what you wished for. You wanted Reince Priebus out and now that he is gone look at where things are. You wanted President Trump to stop getting advice from Jarred and Ivanka, now they don't get to see President Trump. Are you happy you got what you wanted Alex?
Does he mean Mao Zedong?
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
ya its called caffine
Oh Alex, is this your excuse for when Trump actually got into office he started to behave just like all the other (s)elected US presidents? Are you saying that all his backtracks on foreign policy are because he's being drugged through his favorite beverages? \n\nCause it must be some powerful stuff if it makes you sell arms to brutal regimes, illegally bomb nations and generally do a 180 on all the promises made in the run up to the election. \n\nAlex you are controlled opposition; maybe not always but somewhere down the line they turned you and this has been painfully evident in the recent months.
Hilarious. Keep up the good work Alex!
Or, maybe it is an intense job, he is old and thus, is getting tired? Just a thought!
Alex is right.  They have been doing this to celebrities and politicians for a long time now.  It's no secret.
You've talked to people who have talked right to him. Yeah okay buddy lmao this guy really is fkin nuts. I could get killed, I wanna let this out before they shut the show off. Totally insane
You Americans are fucking idiots. \nThe whole world is laughing at you.
AJ stop with the fake news
slurred? How about cocaine Trump sniffs in white house?
He's on drugs anyway.  Doesn't need topping up.
This is a tipping point for Infowars.\nAlex IS his own worst enemy.\nFrom gaining CRED, trashing the media darling, having Trump's ear to this TMZ level garbage.
Then why aren't you letting the president know so  that he won't drink anything from them anymore.
Oh I see now,that's the reason trump is a total& utter TWAT.....its the drugs...Again!
Ok so is this 4th hr on YouTube?
You chickened back in December with the Podestas and, now, you are chickening again!
They didn't need to spend resources on drugs for BHO.
😂😂😂 you paranoid idiot
Info Wars on YouTube trending??
https://www.yahoo.com/news/don-apos-t-loud-trump-154400140.html ?
Alex u sexy motherfucker
Actually...this might be truth, especially if J. Kushner is a Mossad mole. Inteligence agencies have 'truth drugs' that affect free will and people decision making and notice of the opportunity do to this or that, that leave not other noticeable side effcets. Even Robert David Steale mentioned this possibility in a interview he gave. How else can you explain why Trump seems to be reverting everything he promised. Folks your POTUS needs PRAYERS.
TRUMP SHOULD TAKE CARE AND SCREEN HIS FOOD AND BEVERAGES !  I WANT TRUMP 100 % INTACT !!
do people actually believe this? or just watch it for shits and giggles
I think it's a lot more likely an early sign of dementia... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sundowning
I'm not reading 2000 comments to find out if this has been discussed. Don't forget he is taking a very dangerous statin drug plus a hair loss drug which can cause mental confusion.
LMAO these conservatives love alex until he says something about trump
WTF are you talking about?  This sounds redicouls I'm sure they told you so you can tell your listeners
could you imagine a future where everything he says turns out to be true. now that is far out man
the possibility of this hapening is very high in my opinion and it makes me wonder which presidents were coerced in a similar manner or any manner
So let's like Bush II to convince American that they drug presidents why would they drug Bush if his family is part of the secret Gov
Yes, of course. This could explain Trump's recent failures and his apparent disconnects from reality. I t could explain why so little is being accomplished and why do-nothing sessions is still hanging around. Yes---Ok---I can see it.  Good call Alex
Didn't you say that they were going to say he had mental problems? Humm...
He speaks like a 15 year-old, special-ed dropout,:who has to pump his little hands so as not to lose his place when reading the teleprompter. They're not slipping him Mickey's, he's just not a good speaker.
The Ghost ov John Hinckley Jr. is among us!!! REJOICE!
the fact that he drinks diet coke really lowers my estimation of his good sense and judgement
This is HILARIOUS ! But funny as hell, keep up the stand-up comedian work Alex.
This is trending in the U.K., I'm dead 😂
Is this a joke? I'm not american this video seems insane to me
STOP boning your daughter Mr President! Lose weight Alex lol! Both of you, GROW BRAINS!!!!
diet coke + slurred speech = wiskey poison
loosing credibility....
lmao this is comedy gold
FAT SPANKY ALL GROWN UP
Alex is the Apex
Ya ya this is sooooo great yolo 😭😁😭😂
Globalist internet sockpuppets attacking infowars on every video, they even impersonate to make Infowars / Trump supporters look bad, paid protestors for the internet. Read the internet sockpuppet wiki page. Though there are some genuine oblivious, pretentious, deceived, naive, idiot leftists / anti-Trumpers.
I'm done laughing at this man's insanity...
Guy looks like he should be on the Diet Coke, he's certainly got the drugs part sorted as he's definitely high the garbage he talking. George Clooney is a loser ha ha ha I stopped at that. Wacko. Then he said  they put a light on me at nbc ha ha ha prob right on his bald fat  head
I really hope Trumps sees this and acts to save his own life.
You know I have had it with the stupid shit
Mental.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH. THIS IS HILARIOUS. HE'S BEING DRUGGED? BY FUCKING WHO? Conspiracy levels are waaaaaaaaay too high. HE LOVED WORKING 16 HOURS A DAY? WHEN? HAHAHA.
Get this disgusting lying sack of screaming lard of the trending page. Wtf
fucking bullshit!
clooneys parents were billianaires?? sources? sounds like BS
Does anyone actually believe this??
.
You cut your hair
Rachel’s gotten fatter but her tits r still hot
So Cool
Why is Derek me?
Queefa wasn't my fav 🤷🏼‍♀️
You should considered calabing with Alex wassbi
Lol
Queen
Plz do part 2!!!
I subscribed!!
😝
6:34 GOT ME LAUGHINFMDKDOS
Is Tylar her boyfriend? I forgot
Your awesome
do more under vlogs please
Derek looks so nice awwhh 💙💙
DEREK KILDAL MY FUCKING KWEEN
Intro: 1:57
That intro 🔥❤️
I SEE LOVVVEEEEEE .O.
call his phone
5:34
Derek gay asf
Ur copying team edge
lol bye bye phone
Hi
I Love you....
OMG PLeAsE vLog MOrE
I love it
Here before 1000k
R.I.P Tyler's 📱
Let's go DUMBO Let's go
6:33 got me crying 😂😂😂
Wait... did they end up finding his phone?
No one makes fun of Steve Erwin.
Why didn't they just call his phone???🤔🤔
Who else remembers when Rachel's videos were actually about beauty
MEAN GIRL'S REFERENCE!
The only thing that I was thinking the whole video was HOLLEEE INNN THE WALL If you don't know what that means your too young LOL
Didn't anyone think of calling Tyler's phone?
I just want to tell you that if you want to do one of your videos please I want to do a challenge in your channel please by the way I don't have time to watch all your videos but still I like  your videos.
I love the intro
Why do the boys break everything? Is it because they are huge 😅
Any one else have a small YouTube channel? We can support each other.
you can see the other girl eyeing her lol
oh my god I LOVE DEREK I watch his musical.ly's
but I gotta ask, did Tyler never find his phone?😂
Hey y'all! Just sayin'... You should check out I know who you are on Insta... Just saying☺
What if the non cut parts was lava lol... rip
I'm here for Mercedes and Reggie
Did you ever find his phone?
Did they ever find the phone?
Turning regular shirts into crop tops for no reason
Shout out to the dudesons!
My dogs name was Reggie
I LOVE THE DACT YOU ARE VLOGING NOW!!!!!!!
Wait I want to know if they ever found his phone?
Did you find Tyler's phone? XD
Did you find Tyler's phone????😂
I hope she becomes bigger than Jake Paul. She deserves it
FOLLOW ME @imasavage169 in instagram for a follow back
Did anyone notice that Derek's nails are painted? I did. No hate. It's cool. xD
Why am I Tyler? XD
Is Rachel still friends with Julia?
where is the place that you went to...it looks soooooooooooo cool
Did anyone notice Derek's nails were painted
Feminized men, our country is a failure
So they didn't find his phone
Hey I am actually doing gymnastics at a gum with a put and I just got my phone and you ate my first video to watch I love you all of you
why is Dereck with his nails painted
WOW I LOVE THE NEW STYLE AND VLOGS
whats the song she uses for her intro?
I hate the tony and guy ad its so bad
please do something like that again it was funny and I love it 😂😂💕💞❤
Hey Rachael I know it was 3 weeks ago but can you tell me where you got your Wonder Woman costume?
Impossible would be jumping through a   shape with guns bullets and fire you missed you die that will be kind of exited
Autism in a video
Can u do prank calls with helium
For Tyler I thought it said his origin is a pedophile
Aww... I thought of the Dolan twins when I saw the thumbnail... Damn it.. Still love you Rachel 😂❤️
yEs AHHH
IM HERE FOR DEREK
Omggggggg👍love the new vlogs🤗
Hola acabo de abrir mi canal necesito de sus a pollo siii
pon letra en español no entiende do pon en todos tus vídeos por favor😭
YEAHHH SHE IS FROM AUSTRALIA 🇦🇺. Any Aussies here?! I'm an Aussie
the under vlogs is such an awesome name!! love that u guys r starting to vlog :) hilarious lmao
My fear is small holes too
I need to go to sleep. But I'm binge watching. Lolz
did they find his phone , i need to know
Does anyone remember Hole in the wall on Cartoon Network? 😂🙌🏻
Why is Deriks nails painted yellow?! like if u saw that!
I think Rachel was one of the only YouTubers that didn't vlog 😂😂
I'm from washington to
9:26 the guy in the white shirt has his nails painted yellow watch carefully
Who came for Derek From musically
Isn't that the Dolan twins warehouse?
Who's here before 1M
Fjnny
Haven't seen Dina THIS  exited in a laaaaauuuung time
From where I am sitting it looks too yellow.
So....Dina is no longer a hijabi I see
Can someone count how many times Dina said bruh/bro 😂
Her hair is showing more and more 😂
I wish i could like multiple times 😭😭😭😂😂😂
you making me wanting to purchase these products. It looks blady good on you Dina
You are beautiful but ... wild ! You should be more gentle !
i'm crying at the reactions!!! lollll
Literally could not contain my laughter during the highlighter application. Shukrannnnn ya Dina 👏🏼
😂😂😂 it is rihanna, most people would lick 😛
Dina it's very ummm then totally forgets to finish the sentence 😂😂😂
Loved this review! And that highlighter thougghhh😍😍😭😭 I need to buy it ASAP
Dina your teeth look amazing, i literally noticed them the minute i saw one of ur new videos, maybe bcos im studying dentistry now but they look amazing!!!
I want to see this turban tutorial! It's beautiful. Long time haven't been on your channel, good to be back. Love x
U ar too funny Dina 😂😂😂❤️ and your outfit is just amazing 👌
Can I know the name of the brush you used for foundation and concealer
i love when she says HI guys
Hi guys, please help out a new YouTuber by checking out my videos and subscribing to my YouTube channel.
Everything looks sooo good on u
only dina would lick the primer 😂😂😂😂
Plz don't make fun of hijab
what did her husband say at the end?
Omg Dina, you have the same bedsheets as we have 😻😻😻😻 love your videos 😊👍🏼😊
I enjoyed the shit outta this! 😊
dina check out Louise pentlands video on baby names.she's tagged you\nlike so dina sees
holy crap!! you've made me laugh so hard!! love the review - and the headwrap is gorgeous (is it a scarf and do you have a tutorial?)
She looks like Donald trump lien if you agree only right when just put the foundation on
I remember she used to wear a hijab...
Lol she's trying sooo hard not to get too happy but she can't help it 😂
Hey Dina can u do a review of the 210 cause I'm similar shade to u please x
Love the look and will check it out as I have been looking good foundation.
perfecto 💝💝💝
Gurl you didn't use the blotting powder!! The powders amazing! Overall you look beaut
Pls stop saying 'women' and 'ladies'
Me face is shiny! Lolz 😄
.😂⭐👍🏼
Omg im soooooo gonna buy that highlighter and foundation 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🤑🤑
Dina please fix the audio
I subscribed immediately lol I look like one of those people that's really into skincare
Louis tagged Dina in the baby name challenge
this foundation is so yellowish ..
all the products are horrible
Omg! I love love your flower collar Dina 😍 Where is it from?
Definitely going to purchase the foundation and highlighter, but the contour brush does pick up a LOT of product. If you use the foundation brush she came out with it won't pick up as much product (based on a lot of the videos I've seen thus far)
U look like a grandma
The big mirror does not lie. 👍😂😂😂
How many times Dina said Am I imagining things? 😂😂
Omg when you took out the primer I was like well ok...how is she gonna put that on she's already wearing foundation. Then you put it on and I was like :o :o :o your skin is perfect mashallah I know you said you are breaking out but wallah it doesn't show! Please do a skin care routine your skin looks so smooth!
My face is like glistening butter lmao I love you Dina
Actually L'Oréal Nordic has a Hijabi model in their campaign as well she is gorgeous Somali girl. Love the blue Turban btw
Not to be rude but those days somehow ur showing ur hair 🙈
Just curious is she sikh. She looks sikh
I just watched the commercial for Fenty beauty
Bruh I don't even need to catch the light, its catching it for me 😭😭 - Dina Tokio 2K17
l think you are one of the few youtubers who actually look amazing without makeup its like you inner light shines thru
I love your hair. 😂💞💋
Did she just lick the primer packaging.
That foundation is a Y when you are clearly an R \n\nTry something a bit more pale
I don't need to catch the light, it's catching it for me. Lmao.
This video gave me life I love you so much Dina this video was perfect
the color of the foundation is tooo dark for you
You are such a delight to watch. Enjoyed your review.
You are such a ray of sunshine  loll 💜 with or without trophy queen.
I'm a new subscriber and o love ur channel !!!
This is the primer. This is like a sophisticated candy. 😂😂😂😂
This makeup looks great on you!   Your skin is glowing...
You look like one of the rich people from the hunger games (in a good way) tis mega cool !
I love ur colour where do u get it from
Do a I'm gonna need details of where to purchase that collar necklace you have on asap?!
sentence of the week: am i imagining things??
I thought it was too yellow at first but I once she finishes everything it looks really good. So glad Fenty beauty is Dina approved!
Anyone know what brush is used for the foundation ?
I've never seen any your videos before you are absolutely hilarious hahaha and incredibly beautiful :)
ahmazingggggg😗😍😍😍
That shit looks hella cakey
Trophy wife looks amazing on you, you look sooo glowy😍
Dina you are flippin amazing!!\nFollow @foreverdina_tokio\nInstagram
lovinggg these productsss!!😭😭😍❤
You look yellow sis x
I need this makeup nowwwww !!
Yo \nBrooo\nMate hahaha dina you aussie accent
GODDDD YOU ARE SO CUTE
Honestly think ur teeth look great💕
OMG! you are so hilarious! #webestfriendsinmyhead LOL
Great review
❤
Cada vez se deja ver más cabello... Ya mejor quítate el pañuelo
Have you done something to your teeth?
WHAT SHE DONE TO HER TEETHS
I miss her old teeth i feel like it looks a bit too fake! I am talkin Authenticity wise 😞
seeing those teeth every time just makes me feel like I'm chewing on somthing LOL #getridofit
Wait dina ur teeth did u get veneers ..i think they dont look really natural ..jus helpin out
I haven't watched Dina in a while....and this will probably sound like an odd question but: Did she get something done to her teeth? Something looks different about her. X
Oh noooo i just realized that you have done your teeth. Looks so fake :( i loooved your real teeth soooo much :(
Why you just dont wear hijab we already see your hair please dont force yourself to wear it just be free :) its dilemma . i really dont understand the meaning of your wearing it . İts for fashion or for religious reasons whats the aim of it showing hair or covering it ?
Did she change ger teeth? Can't find a video up on it
you remind me of mother goose in this video
You're taking this hair showing thing a little too far
you want to show your hair so bad with the hair dangling on the sides and us all seeing your newly supported hair dye. you may as well not wear the scarf lol...and your hair is very greasy and nice fake veneers / gross
Pessoal estou precisando de uma audiência, digam o que acham da nossa animação! https://youtu.be/eWodnQPpw4k
Mrs.Grey? MY TEACHER IS IN THIS?
What the what I'm freaking out 😲
It's an action movie now lol
I would think she would realize by now that billionaires have a lot of stuff. There should also be a choker on her even on their wedding day.
This is twilight for lonely women in their 30s
Why is this still a thing?💀
Why is she still with him?
at least we have a killer soundtrack to look forward to!🤷🏼‍♂️🔥
No one is gonna watch the movie for the story itself everyone came for the sex
But...when will 69 shades of gay come out?
men watch this for sex scenes.. women watch this for the drama and the hopes that a billionaire guy would randomly take her and make her as his wife, in short women's fantasy .. :D
Jamie Dornan in The Fall plays a better Mr Gray
Get Ready For yalls Horny as Girlfriends to leave u for this dumb as video 😂
He is like me.
Still haven't seen the first one.
I hope this one doesn't have the awkward acting
omg why does it get better with each movie?! i watched the first one for laughs!
there is going to be a lot soundtrack
Okay,good trailer but just one question,who puts up their wedding dress on a chandelier?
It's true that if this man wasn't rich, no girl would allow this unless they have incredibly low self esteem
omfg please stop making these movies, I've seen shitty porn better than the sex scenes in this
Can this PLEASE stop!!!!! STOP MAKING THESES !!!
face it we all already know what she looks like underneath so whats really the appeal to watch this moive???
Its time to stop
почему у этого дерьма так много просмотров. шок
50 maneiras de arrear uma mulher parte 3
OH MYGODDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Plz sub our channel
Did anyone see dat bulge at 0:37
What tip
trash
no prenub.
OH MY FREAKING GOSH I HAVE CHILLS
retarded
Great more wet seats...
Caution: Wet
I am dead
OMG ITS GONNA COME OUT???\nFUCK YEAH
Can't fucking wait!
yikes.
Wait theres a second one??
After This Movies..there's a lot of Cucumber in Cinema's😂
* I STILL SUBSCRIBE WITHOUT THE FILMS ANYWHERE ??? *
Can't wait to see the movie 😍😍😍
Cant wait for 50 shades of ur nan
Plot twist: They get divorced later and she gets EVERYTHING
I have no idea why people aren't going to the movies anymore.................no idea at all..............
Please let this die, you can tell the actors are miserable.
Why am I crying for this ad omfgg
Maybe it will be a little better then the first two.
Why am I here cause this movie is shit u know what lemme get outta here
These two actors will not be able to have a successful career once this Grey series are done. Sadly, they've pigeon holed themselves by signing up for these franchise.
oh great, another movie where a slut fucks a dude with a big dick what a surprise.
Mercifully, this is the last of these crap films.
Stop with the fifty shades already, it sucks. You already made 50 million movies abiut that, stop that fucking peace shit freaks
i haven't watched fifty shades of grey and darker and now this.. 😭😭kill me now.
The comment section is a real jizz on the face.
Seriously.....As if the first 2 were wanted.....
this teaser makes it sounds like an action movie...which in fact is just porno
I can't wait for jeremy jahns chris stuckmann and john flickinger to destroy this movie. Dogshit cubed for sure. These movies only exist so that the twitards can still have something to cling to in there shitty vampire world. Fucking just kill them all please? That would make this franchise worth watching
They should've kept it at one movie
Dont understand how people like this shit
Who are the kids, too？\n😂😂😂
The second one sucked so bad I can't imagine watching a 3rd one. Should have been a miniseries. You can't compress 500 pages down 2 hours of film.
Can't wait to see how much this movie fucking sucks just like those other two piles of crap
WHAT IN THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED
So who gets raped this time?
I've waited for a fucking long time for this!!! I am so FUCKING excited.. But the thing is IT'S THE THIRD AND FINAL INSTALLMENT OF FIFTY SHADES... *im crying* I'll miss seeing Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan together and i will also fucking miss the characters : Anastasia Steele-Grey and Christian Grey... But can't wait to watch it... (even though im just 13 years old... pls dont hate me...)(im sure i won't be able to go to the cinemas (coz of my fucking age) (FUCK MY AGE) either so i'll just wait for a movie on google.. a free movie... Since i cant buy or rent the movie on google play coz my parents will know so... Imma just fucking wait)
I've slept with a 100 guys, talk about rape culture a lot but love rape books and am a hypergamous, conceited bitch that wonders why I can't lock down a decent man - starter pack.
Anastasia doesn't know how to act.
Thank you for ruining Breaking Dawn part 1... oh well
He dies at the end spoiler alert
well this series took a weird turn into a murder thriller
like 75% of women who will watch this will masturbate with cucumbers to this while in the Cinema
Everyday we stray further away from God
Ummm April fools was like 5 months ago
No wonder the average rating for these movies is 4/10.
*This is, by in large, the most fucking stupid shit I've ever seen.*
0:37 never skip leg day
They gunna fuck.
This is dumb
can't wait :'(
STUPIDEST PLOT
😱😱😱😱
WHAT
NIGGERS
interesting movie https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzpL0hcWmXWlsGkNlz3Zs_Q/videos
COOL VIDEO ART!
i saw tyler hoechlin
RIREENNN!!! 50 SHADES OF RIREN!!
I hate trendings
NOT ENOUGH ABS !!!
😒
Gay
Why dough?
👎🏽
ROBLOX!
Oh my GAH!
dang thể loại ngôn tình chuyển sang bạo lực thế
Why is watching people doing jobs and moving house so satisfying when its time lapsed ??!! Xx
The beauty and the beast teacups 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😩🌺🌺🌺🌺
Your eyeshadow is beautiful!!What eyeshadow are you wearing?
Who else thinks her sister is adorable? :)
Why is watching these vlogs so addictive 😍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCFguAlW6g4\nLovely Autumn Pictures With Relaxing Music ( Hello Autumn )
ANY SMALL YOUTUBERS WANNA HELP EACHOTHER OUT
Lovee the makeup😍
whos cody ?
I love you!!!!!
Is she purchasing or renting??
goo.gl/9Z6u3q New Gold/Platinum Plated Cubic Zirconia CZ Bridal Tennis Bracelet only £6.99 includes free delivery!
Sophie could have girly sleepovers with Emily 💗🙌🏻
It looks massive !! 😻❣️
Your my idle
LOVE THESE MOVING VLOGSSS keep them coming!!! Cxxx
i LOVE these vlogs sooo much!
I love moving vlogs
Soph is SOOOO cute !XX
Using all my 3G to watch this on holiday and was well worth it😜 really love the cute pink chairs as well
Mkay I have now found my fave YouTube ... EVER 💛💛
I'd love to see more of your homeware things!
Your house looks amazing already!! Would love to have a house like that in around 5 years time! Xxx
Hey em, have you moved into a new build? Xx
Love moving vlogs!
What lipstick are you wearing?
Adoro questi vlog
Is she living on her own or with a flatmate?
where did you get your hoodie from!!! I NEED!!!
Please, please tell me what you have used on your lashes. I feel like I can rock out a makeup​ free face if I have fleek lashes!!!
I love your new house in the end it will look amazing!!! Can't wait till it's all finished❤️ I might get your mum and dad to put up my furniture 😂😂😂xxx
You're on the trading page!!! I'm so proud Emily ♥🌹
Just me or is she living in the same place as Sophie Louise ?? X
Are you living with Libby xxx
Trending!! yasss girl
I'm moving to Brighton in about 6 months time from Australia and this makes me super excited for my move! I can't wait to see your house all sorted and i love everything you've got so far, it looks amazing! ❤
YOUR MAKEUP IN THIS IS MY GOALS ! ILY
Can someone tell me is little Sophie Emily's sister I'm new to this channel so I'm not sure
I thought the little girl was wearing a shirt with 'trump for yay' on for a minute, got me shhooketeh
You should do 'testing new look' makeup! X
you are lucky you got the Chip mug. I can't find here in Portugal
I love the moving vlogs❤️. And your little sister is just the cutest🙈💕
I love your Chanel so much Emily,\nI think you are a really determined, happy and an inspiring person who I can look up to and you always seem to be smiley and you are a brilliant sister. I love you loads and I have been subscribed for what seems like ages and I have watched and enjoyed so many of your videos \nLove you \nAlix xx
Loved this!! I'm so happy you inspired me to make YouTube videos of my own :))
Loving these moving vlogs! 💜 so happy for you xx ps this was so satisfying to watch with the music haha x
I have that mug😘😍
I have that same lamp shade!!
Do a house tour when it is finished
Does anyone know where I can pick up a light shade like the black geometric caged one ?! I'm moving into a new house and can't find big ones anywhere !
came back from holiday to a vlogg yay!! so happy to see you doing moving vlogs. Keep smiling em xxx
Hey Em, loving how you're putting everything together, so proud of how far you've come, are you thinking of doing a house tour? Lots of love 💗
My dogs under the stairs but we don't have a door on, I've put a string bling up. Lovely tour of your home x
It looks like the place that Sophie Louise is moving to
Moving is so stressful but you make it look easy, girl!
Emily I love your vlogs so so much and your moving vlogs make me even more excited to have my own place to decorate my own😊love you!!💞xx
Loving these moving vlogs! Didn't realise furniture was that expensive though 😂
Could you do a what's in your bag challenge.can l just say you are really pretty ❤️❤️❤️
The Disney mugs are $20 and Primark are £5 🙂 I really like the primark ones.
Which out of the 2 chip mugs do you prefer?
How the hell does is a 20 year old able to afford a house like this !!! Insane , well done Emily !!!!
I love your videos ❤️❤️ you have the best name btw 🤓it's my name to
It's so exciting to have a place of your own! We recently bought a barratt home and this looks similar! Enjoy :) xxx
Omg u commented on the comment
please do more, i'm obsessed!!
Love this! Your vlogs are my fave! Ly 💜 x
I love your videos soo much. Keep up the good work 😘👌👌
I love this video but I'm so jealous and I hope moving  goes well for you x x
This vlog made me so happy 😁 your family is the cutest!
House tour once you're done! Love that mustard colour chair it would go well with a wooden unit
I clicked for Chip!\nGotta love Disney! 😍💖
Emily and Sophie louise posting these kind of videos are making me want my own place 😩😩💗
Did you rent it or bought it? Curious..
Is it only me or does this house look like sophie louise house? I think theyre going to become friends 😀
Did u rent or mortgage
Am I the only one who watched this to see where see bought the chip mugs? 😂
Start your YouTube career with this camera! Great quality and affordable! You'll thank me later. =]\nhttps://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B019UDHV6S/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=nafeesahtynet-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B019UDHV6S&linkId=34fa423428c904462759eeb91e594196
Your staying in the same houses as rouxasuorass or what ever her name is omg
Ahh love moving vlogs
Can't wait for a house tour when you're done!!!! So excited love the new house xxx
What are your sneakers called? <3
i love the moving vlogs!!
I love moving vlogs
I'm loving these moving vlogs em xx
What are shoes called ? Xx
Are you renting or did you buy the house
I love the white!! Please keep posting videos. I'm taking a lot of inspiration from them. That mustard chair though 😍
I need to find the chip mug in primark its AMAZING! Loving the moving vlogs!💖
Great house, love the light shades and mustard chair so cheap too! I've found simple whites and plain items just seem to work best as styles just change so much. Xx
Never watched your channel before but I enjoy this vlog think I will be watching more 😀
I love these videos and your house looks amazing!! X
this has got me so excited for moving out! love your furniture pieces!
Love your vlogs Emily! Your house is now turning into a home!! I love it!😍♥️
ahhh this is so exciting because I'm moving into my uni studio at the weekend, the white set is also available in baby pink like the pink le creuset stuff. Check them out em
Love the moving vlogs...keep them coming
If you like that shop in rushden then you NEED to go to most marvellous in Northampton! You'll love it!
YOU ARE GETTING TO 1,000,000 SUBSSS!!!!
The pattern in your light shade looks like a load of boobs😂
Emily i literally LOVE how kind you are to your sister !!!
As a Disney world vlogger. The Disney cups on your thumbnail got you an instant like before even watching it.
You look stunning in the first clip of you chatting 😍
Hey #VIPs & #NotificationSquad!! I'm just gonna say it - this cake was literally the HARDEST cake I've ever made on this YouTube channel. By the end of it, I just wanted Lloyd to Ninja-GO away!! 😂😂 What's the hardest thing you've ever done? Comment BELOW!
I would love to see your rendition of a chocobo or moogle cake! To be honest probably anything Final Fantasy related haha
Make a fried chicken cake, please
Why is the fondant so thick?
Can you make a cake shaped like a pill bottle with klonopin in it. Or a tree shaped cake or a whole roasted fish cake , pickle cake
3things:\n\n1.The bumps are called studs and I think the symbol on Lloyd's band means his element, nature. \n\n2. (Just something to share with the world) When I was listening on my bed to the video, I heard ding-ing noises and I thought it was me brother's phone, but it was the music. Before I knew it was the music I got so annoyed. \n\n3. Yolanda, I doubt you'll read this but, I love your videos and your amazing sense of humor. You truly are the Beyoncé of cakes. I wish you the best of luck with your cake therapy, wish I could relate, but I'm not an amazing cake decorator or even a cake decorator...
Hi Yolanda, I have a Lego cake due in a few weeks, but it is not a life size. I love this tutorial!
Can you do a dog cake or cat cake please
Holy crap 4 days to make this!!! Now it makes me wonder how long for all the other ones
PLEASE DO A STAR WARS CHARACTER!!!!
You should do a ruler cake😂
I think the symbol says green
I love your videos ❤️
Yolanda what ever you your favorite super hero is you should make a mini or big cake your choosing 🙂
#respect
The bumps on Legos are called Pips
Do a collaboration with asap science
Why is the fondant so thick on this cake
You should do the new powerpuff
Please make a cake with your kids!
TBH I don't even like the logo movies but this was AWESOME
Is cutting into cake hard because you spent so much time on it or cathartic for the same reason?
Your should make a gravity defying cake of Sir Squeeze above the cake Squeezing simple syrup onto a a giant cake!
Hey yo , would you rather make another ninjago cake or another strawberry cake with 200 seeds ? 😂😂
That fondant is so thick...
How about you make the thies to the but because when you turn it around it's round like a but XD
Omg, Yo! This is the most impressive cake I've ever seen!!! You are amazing!\nThe 4 days were worth it !!
I lovvvve your videos! Props to you for trying so hard to get us this video! Btw who are you giving all your cakes too and you should definitely make some type of fall or back to school cake, like a backpack or a tree with colorful leaves falling off!
But i still like you
hey yo you should post every Tuesday and Thursday
This was harder than BB8?  Wow!
SAERAN WRAP
Aww I remember when she had I mil
Yo! you should put this cake on your playlist so i can watch it with the playlist because thats what I watch to go to sleep
Hay I love you 😍😘
Also I have questions first question how old are you second question do you have kids third question do you have pool forth question where do you live fiith question what's your real name last question how did you learn how to cook 🍰
where can I get those boards?
How do you transport a tall cake like this one? Its not screwed to the base or anything.
Omg this was CRAZY I watched this and if I was there I would help you make the OLD LLOYD BECAUSE HE WAS WAY BETTER #Diehardfan #Ninjago
You should make an it cake
October 24th is my birthday!
you should make a Xena cake \n\ngive me hearts if you think she should
Nice😍🔥🔥🔥
Yolanda always makes my day also i just started a baking channel it would mean a lot if u could check it out
I Love Ninjago
you should make a mincraft cake at one point
#legocakewoes
Yolanda you should make a challenge that you try to make a cake in 30 minutes
her book is coming a day before my birthday
You have to do a ruler cake😂😂😂😂😂😂😂📏📏📏📏📏📏📐📐📐📐
you should do something with rosanna pansino
Did you show your son the Lloyd cake before cutting it, if so what did he do??
i think the circle thingies on the lego your talking about, its called the stud.dat
You should do Nyan Cat Cake
My B bay is oct 23 lol
This is his sister Megan. I love all your cakes they look so real. I cant believe how long they take. How they look are the best. I watch your cakes every Tuesday and I won't miss them ever. Since I watched your pancake cake which was your first one. This channel been my favorite one out of Rossana Pansino, IJustine, and MyCupcake Addition. My favorites cakes are the peanut butter and chocolate cake, this one, the cookie cake with Mr. Friday I forget his name, the football cake because I love the Eagles in NFL, I liked the nachos cake because Chet was being silly and funny. The spinner cake is one of my favorites because I love spinners. I love the animal and emoji cakes because I love animals and I love emoji cakes. I cant believe you took 4 days on this its so amazing and you should make all of the ninjas because they look like they are real in real life. I so wish I could go to Canada and meet u in real life. You are my inspiration because ive been always cooking with my grandma and helping my mom and knce I saw these cakes I want to make them and make them awesome just like you do and u are. I love when you make a (not to be mean)  lame jokes and Joslin (don't know how to spell it) makes her laugh and Jeremy just standing there being like why am I here. I wish I could do camp cake u always had and maybe still will but I'm very sad I can't to do. I'm so glad I got to say this to u on here because you are amazing so much to me and to the whole world. I even follow you on Facebook and if I could get on my Instagram i would follow you sadly I can't because I forget it. If I could pre-order your book because if you say there amazing then they would be awesome to make but I can't and im disappointed I cant. If you love this whole message because this came from my heart please shout out me because I would love that. Cant wait to see your next cake and wonder what its gonna be. If you could can you try or do a Husky cake because I love them and they are my favorite animals. Sadly I cant be a VIP either. Have a wonderful day. #Cake Squad#.
Hey, will you make a Jake Paul cake
Every time she said LEGO I thought she was going to say Legolas. 😄
please do a beyonce cake i <3 you
Please cake a kit kat
Bake a laptop
Who else agrees that Yolanda needs to collaborate with Rosanna Pansino!!! Aka Nerdy Nummies
I think my brother will like this... he likes ninjago.
Can you do Sushi cake.?
But he's not the original sir squeeze😔 anyone else feel like he's just a total different sir squeeze?
Is it just me, that I think that every single cake she makes is perfect.
I think Lloyd's bandana says 'green'
Can you please make a giant beer mug cake? Or is that like weird for the channel?
Best Lego cake I've ever seen
You should have joslyn and Jeremy in one of your videos
Low key best mom ever
My friend who's birthday is coming up is obsessed with Nutella! Can you make a cake flavored with Nutella? Or Nutella buttercream?
You should do a cupcake pull apart cake👌🎂
I'm a Pastry Chef, But I've never made a lego cake (that could change because of this movie) lol. Maybe I should start practicing! haha. Sorry i'm no help! : (
Thats long congrats
My birthday is next month on the 16
Talk about a challenge! You did a great job!
14:01 Lloyd's hands kept me up at night. \n\n\nUm....... >_>
they are called studs
DO A GARFIELD CAKE 🙏🙌🙏🙌🙏 PRETTY PLEASEEE
More lego cakes!!!!
#NotificationSquad
The circles are studs
4 days to make a cake and you need 1huge party to finish it 😂😂
studs they're studs
Collab with Rosana Pansino please
LEGOCAKEWOES please send me a cake and March 16th for my mother's birthday my favorite color is red just like mine and I love your videos I watched all of them even this one I thank you for these videos and I think that your son will be just the same as you just please send something for my mom as soon as you can on March 16th that's her birthday thank you bye
Make a giant cherry cake
They're called pegs
Hey Yalonda you look like my neighbor \nYou are so pretty so is my neighbor
How To Cake It you should definitely make a ruler Cake \nLike if you agree
Make Lord Garmadon
Wait..did she say her name was ELIZA? (Whispers and sings) work work...Angelica..work work ..(screaming) ELIZAAAA!!
My birthday is September 17th
YALL READY FOR ALL THE HALLOWEEN CAKES
CAKE JAGO
Do a Nutella cake please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
#legocakewows
One by ones
You are so amazing, Yolanda! Thanks for all of your hard work!
this was super great
Mmhhmm, a cat-culator - also known as the only tool capable of of preventing a cat-astrophy from o-purring in the first meownth of the year. (Go ahead and slap me)
Wait hold on....in the episode where they talk about scary stories she brings up Jason takes Manhattan, but Daniel has to correct her because she hasn't actual seen it.......wait........ does this add to the messed up timeline
Im pointing out that back in season 2 I would say episode 7 Katie says she has never seen Jason takes Manhattan but now flash forward a few seasons she suddenly knows EVERYTHING about The Jason series like okay it's been a few years about there is no way that she could watch all the Jason movies and enough to connect the dots between two different horror movies and now so much about these films off hand like excuse me no I couldn't tell you what movies I watched 3 years ago hell I couldn't tell you what movies I have watched last year
I feel like I want to pull up a chair at the table and join in!
Not funny at all..complete garbage know thinking animations or jokes
Bleh, the timelines totally add up, but, ok. Not a very funny group of people either. I suppose this channel is just not for me.
This is the first Cracked video I've 'liked' in years.
I'm disappointed that at no point do they mention the Corey Feldman video...
Why Voldemort was secretly Gandalf is a topic I really want to hear...
If Kevin Spacey had a business account with the courier company he could've just arranged on their website for them to come pick the box up from his place. He could've left it behind a pot plant or something. Just sayin. He didn't necessarily have to go in. Would've saved a lot of time.
I hate to say this, but four minutes in, my mind is actually getting dumber from listening to the Friday the 13th 'mythos'.
Starline in the background makes me happy.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, THANK YOU for someone finally bringing light to the screwed up timeline from Friday The 13Th
Best friends are back!!! More funny people please and thank you
the Fast and the Furious has a fuck up timeline it somewhat made since and then the 8 movie came out and blew it to hell. Dom and Elena baby is a few months old that child could not been conceived no later then the beginning scene in Fast 6 FF3 take place after 6 and before 7 and while we don't know how long FF3 happen after 6 but it seem like the movie FF3 was over a few months with the main character Sean and Han had was in Tokyo way longer then that. Now we know the 7th movie take place right after the 3rd movie hell the timeline over lap between the 3rd and the 7th because Hobbs has a fight with Deckard Shaw that how he get the info on Dom team and while he killing Han he called Dom while Dom house explode, but while he having the fight with Hobbs in the beginning you also see Elena in that scene and she is no pregnant and her and Hobbs fall out the window.  That baby should be way older then it is.
You forgot that john doe also had to take the time to carve the skin off his fingertips...
So the 1st episode of After Hours takes place in 2010 cause in the curses episode they showed a clip from the 1st episode with a title revealing it took place 7 Years Earlier. Then they didn't do another one until 2017 cause they been going to that dinner for  79-80 consecutive days, and Katie mentioned the new Friday the 13th game that was released in 2017.
The Friday the 13th timeline math doesn't work. If Tommy Jarvis is 12 in 1984, then he's 17 in 1989. And if Tina Shepard is 7 in 1989, then she's 16 in 1998.\n\nEven if Tina is actually 7 in 1990, then she's 16 only in 1999. Neither 1998 nor 1999 are 2001
actually their marvel theory won't work after the captain marvel movie when her and a young nick fury face the skrull
Captain Marvel is said to happen before Iron Man 1. So he has her. But we gotta wait for her movie to see why she ain't there.
Thumbs up just for the old cast!
uh, Jason isn't 50 or immortal. he's undead from 6 on. I don't think the undead celebrate birthdays.
9:07 There was alot more crap going on then just that. Besides the fact that they were planning ahead, super-powered and freaky things had been going on since WWII. Nothing about inviting Tony to the Avengers was at all reliant on Cap turning up, or Thor existing. And they already knew about Hulk.
Did he just break the 4th wall at the end😲😲😲😲
What's the film after Friday The 13th that they discuss?
Damn the replaced the fine ass dread head in the back
DANIEL O'BRIEN STOLE MY IDEA! What he said its exactly what I posted on several videos with the Nick Fury after credits scene a very long while ago, seriusly look it up.\nNot mad at all, actually kind of the opossite, its really bizarre to see my ideas coming out of his mouth, its almost line by line. What an honour...\nJust asking for a shout out!
S.H.I.E.L.D is dealing with super human threats even without Captain America ever since Agent Carter and Howard Star started it. And Hank Pym was around for a long time even after WWII. You failed the Antman movie, After Hours team. The Avengers are just a scouted new superhero generation.
Did you see that katy? I diagreed! Kek.
NO Nick Fury ,, fought off Skrull off before he even meet Tony ,, this alll will be reviled in Captain Marvel  that would be a time based movie set in the pass before Iron man and Hulk and Avengers
If that theory about Gandalf secretly being Voldermort is a real theory, I'd love a video about that
Michael, why/how are you in the audience of the Dave Chappelle Netflix special?
Catculator... that got me way too good
Your Marvel theory lacks X-Men. The Avengers are only separate in the movie universe because of the studio rights. Nick Fury knew there were super dudes and many x-men were avengers in the comics but can't be tied again due to rights. So realistically, just as in Deadpool where other x-men were referenced but not show because they couldn't afford rights for any major characters, there were plenty Superheroes in the world to justify the creation of the Avengers.... just not enough studio cooperation to do so lol
You forgot the best Friday the 13th film- Jason X
I love that Daniel pronounces Voldemort in that annoyingly correct way, instead of how the say it in the movies.
What's in the box?
With the mcu time line there is a theory that Nick Fury is a clairvoyant so it would make sense that he knew all about Thor, The Hulk, and the New York attack so that's why he recuited Iron Man before any of that happened.
Wtf is this shit? Lmao \nThis acting corny af! Like watching a group of retards act
Oh god. Thanks be to putting the originals back on. Gooooood job
Fury is not crazy:There were not just reports of The Hulk, the US military fought him and then he fought Abomination downtown. He already had Natasha and Clint on his payroll. All that was missing was Thor.Besides SHIELD probably knew about many others. Even so, the World Council knew about this, which would make them crazy too.
Katie's hair looks fucking amazing
You need a Cat-culater!
hee, catculator
Is no one going to mention the fact that Hawkeye, Black Widow, Ironman, Ant-Man, Technically captain marvel because her movie is set to be in the (90s or 80s), and presumably the hulk, is still an amazingly good team for the avengers initiative.
I'm so glad she brought up the Friday the 13th timeline. I've always tried to pinpoint the years that are supposed to have passed between each film. Also, when she mentions the Evil Dead being part of the shared Universe, it should be noted that a sequel to Freddy vs. Jason was drafted that had Ash from Evil Dead fighting them both.
I thought of the same thing Daniel did and asked the same thing. Fury wants to establish a response team to supernormal threats, but who is on his list? Romanov and Barton? 2 human SHIELD agents? Plus, he didn't even want Stark. He wanted Iron Man. So who is actually part of the Avengers Initiative?
Did you just say that the first Iron Man took place before World War II?
Did they meen army of darkness not evil dead
thank the mighty buddha it's not the other four
ya the A team is back!!!
Wait.\nThe incredible hulk movie enstablished that hulk ALREADY exists in the mcu, is not an origin story.
These are all consecutive nights? I always thought that they were weekly gettogethers.
Friday the 13th < Nightmare on Elm Street
Nothing like the originals!
The thing from Se7en bothered me too
Wonder how many movie timelines do add up?
Katie is a Friday the 13th fanatic? If I wasn't married I'd be proposing right now
Man...I need to go watch Seven...
you're not supposed to think about these things!!! jeez!
Thank fuck it was the A team, am I right?
i think these all line up perfectly. so therefore. i win
The marvel one isn't valid. Fury new about the existence of Iron Man, Hulk, Ant Man, and potentially Captain America. Its also possible he knew about Black Panther (as seen how Wakanda is a highlighted region on Shield's map in Iron man 2). Apparently, he also new about Captain Marvel, which takes place in the 90s. \n\nThe point is he knew there were other super heroes in the world besides Iron Man and was likely planning to recruit any that he  could to be on the avengers.
never leave again bitches. i almost said goodbye to afterhours
Ya sorry as much as I wish I liked the new crew the original 4 are just so much better
Have y'all got star doing the drawings now?
I have a whole seven page timeline on Friday the 13th.
Katie is a boss. Finally a proper break down of my other favorite Friday film series. Wait what if Debo is Jason??? :O
I should not have laughed so hard at that last cat joke...
Ah, the reason I subscribed. Before the SJW preaching videos appeared and made me wanna puke. Good times.
After Watching: 300 Viewers Who Don't Care
So... are we all cats then?
Please please please oh please just stick with these four
Why is Jake Paul in this?
Nick Fury is like the NSA being created after 911. A catastrophe happens, and he jumps on the opportunity to create his superteam project because tax dollars are flowing to defense spending.
I won't read this comment. What a Dick I am, I can't believe I just read this. I am pathetic!
Wow...everyone just shittin all over a beloved horror franchise lol
Wow. Even if we assume the After Hours guys only meet once a week, 80 episodes means they've been doing it less than 2 years... It feels longer.
Ima be that guy. Agents of SHIELD showed that SHIELD had its eye on, and if I remember correctly locked up, plenty of super powered people. Its just that none of them ended up making the cut, which is pretty amazing because thor made the cut just by showing up and trying to kill cap and tony.
Is After Hours usually this high def?
I've seen the Marvel timeline but that never occurred to me
I saw this on the trending page. I wasn't going to keep watching this until I saw Star in the background. RIP Sourcefed.
So their is actually a reason fury has to start the avengers initiative according to marvel captain marvel takes place in the 90's with fury in it against the skrull.
Fury knows about aliens cause of captain marvel
i disagree with the billions of dollars spent on the avengers initiative  because  they  didn't spend much at all tony payed for almost all of it
In agents of shield...I know I know. SHIELD already knows about the kree and the inhumans so...avengers needed?
Im in love with all but one of them. I wont say who. \n\nThat would be awkward.
Not sponsored by Coca Cola..
So glad this isn't another episode of sruoH retfA
I don't understand the problem with the Back to the Future series. They experiencing time in the last, not the present so they can return to any time they want
BRING BACK DOES NOT COMPUTE!!!!!!!
Wait... is that place Poquito Mas?
Cat-culator! Lol
Yay for After Hours!!!
F the cards Dan!
love this team
Star!
you guys are old fat dumb cunts.  unsubscribed.
Hey guys!! Will you please be the best and help me and my\nfiancé win a dream giveaway wedding in our hometown?\n\nAll you have to do is like the video below. As simple as\nthat!! I would really appreciate it :)\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJs_sculH2g&feature=youtu.be
To this day, I still dream about Sydney Fish Market and am so excited to go back! (beware those darn ibises though.. Aussies know what I'm talking about) Stay tuned for parts 2 & 3 of Worth It Oz - what country should we visit next? \n\n#BuzzFeedWorthIt
don't clean out the head! that's the best part
been a fish monger for time, look at the worm on the oyster at 1:51 ;) yummy
Finally something that's expensive but not because of gold leaf or truffle 😂😂😂😂
i performed in the opera house
I love when Adam is in frame more often
Shout out all my Oyster Boys!!
I kinda prefer the show when it was lower budget
It's not melbern god dammit\nit's melb-n\njust imagine there isn't any other letters between b and n
In Australia we actually call fresh water crayfish, yabbies
Come to Queenstown, New Zealand. Beautiful food, wine and scenery!
You can come to India.There are different kinds street foods !!!!
I ate a pizza now\nI want subway
yo these two dudes def fukin on the side
It`s probably because I am Australian but I learned the changing colour thing when cooked at like 10 years old
You should come to New Zealand
Ahhh, the pronunciation of Melbourne hurts me.
im vegan and don't enjoy watching ppl eat other beings but i literally love these vids because of steven andrew & adam
As an Australian I would recommend southern rock lobster, best lobster in the world. Also I love my abalone tenderised then sliced thin and flash fried for 20 seconds with lemon, salt, pepper and butter.
be careful for drop bears whilst you're over here
I live in Australia😃😃😃😃
I was shocked when Abalone, or Paua (As we call it in New Zealand) was the most expensive dish because it is something that I have had several times. I guess fishing is such a huge part of the culture here and the native sea life is abundant (although there are strict laws around fishing and gathering)  that I took it for granted! Maybe my family could try a DIY recipe and share it together.
They should do sandwiches next episode
i'd def go 4 the oysters
Yo what's that sweet song at 10:00 ?
Hope to see you guys in the barossa valley for your wine!
I ate an oyster once. It was traumatic.
lol $42 for a grilled crawfish (I know there's a little bit more on the plate but still...)
If I ever become insanely rich, I'll still stick to crab legs and sushi for expensive seafood. Not paying $200 for 1 plate of... fish pancake.
7:10 get yourself a friend that protects your food
Ummm, why didn’t Andrew know the Captial of Australia?
Did anyone else spot Mueselk in the background
Hilarious moments! \n\nAndrew: you have to be the ocean be the ocean version of an astronaut to do that.\nSteven: so, Scuba diver?\nAndrew: ...yeah..uh..\nHAHAHHAHA
Would be so cool if they went to Asia and compared cheap street foods to fancy restaurants
This is why I'll never eat lobster... most sea food is cooked alive or freshly killed. I can't deal with that.
They go all the way to Australia for seafood but stay in LA for barbecue 😐
I live in melbourne
Felt like slapping that last chef... If you cant even describe the taste of your food, u dont deserve to be a chef...
adam is the cinnamon roll we need
Andrew: HOLY SH*T THAT'S AMAZING\nSteven: Whooooooo- That's the best oyster I've ever had!\nAdam: *nods*
Do a video for Canadian Poutines!!
This show makes me wanna spend my paycheck on food
Why hasn't this show gotten old yet😂? I mean that in the best way possible, love this show!!
what's the music @ 4:57?
andrew's so mean i thought the intro was totally whelming
Please tell me you went to Attica
You guys should come to Florida and do food that's made with Gator meat. Which is delicious!
I love my country
So jealous that they get to eat all this delicious food from all over the world!
Duh if you want to eat the real seafood culinary, go to asian countries then
I am on a seafood diet, I see food and I eat it...
I hate how Americans say Australia
Cannot believe you went to Autralia and didn't do a worth it episodes for meat pies.  Also when are you going to have an episode where cameraman Adam leads the crew to try delicacies.  It's been all work and no fun for him for nearly three whole seasons.
CIRUSS IS SO MEAN. They killed that thing while it was still alive!!!! I feel so bad for it.
Last one was just a waste of money
YAAAAAASSS, FINALLY S3 IS HERE! Missed you guys
Abalone porridge in Korea is the best meal that you can get if you are sick.
This is reason why I love Australia MATE!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm in Australia and doing video, can someone subs me, and give me advice? Really need it, thanks guys!
coming from the south and hearing him say crayfish makes me cringe
5:30 I think that thing was still alive when he cut it cause it twitches
The best abalones are in Hong Kong ... this one in Australia can't even come close as the ones in HK are differently aged just like beef. Just FYI for you!
DAM I WISH YOU WERE STILL HERE
Melbourne - greatest city in the world
way to go Coffin Bay.
Buzzfeed has such a huge production budget for a YouTube show! You guys are really lucky.
I find Quiet Adam so Sexy...and I'm not sure why???
Watching that Marron cut in half while alive and still wriggling on the grill broke my heart.
California has a lot of abalone
When are you not gonna like something ... you like EVERYTHING😂😂😂
We are in Melbern 😂\n\nThat is an American for you.
Song at 4:57 ? Thank you!
When a youtube video seems like a TV show is it a good thing or bad thing? really don't know.
Were you Australian and your salty because they were close to you but you missed them 'me' anyone else?
How they say Melbourne 😂😂
Do meat pies
$10 vs $1000 weed
I head cantonese words (I speak cantonese)
Snot rocks 😂
What?? comparing seafood is like comparing dessert
Go to Brisbane
Urnge Clabs he says
For when swiss fondue?
Do 1$ food poisoning vs 500$ food poisening\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAnd plz dont recover
OYSTERS CLAMS AND COCKLES
seeing andrew smile completes me
Make adam eat more
Btw, its MelBEN not MelBURN
yay for nba2k18 ad with Lonzo Ball
Adam is depressing asf
How bout cheap exotic food vs expensive exotic food (Noma)
Yia boi we have good food 😎😉
shout out to nature
Do chicken
I LOVE ADAM
Next ep try milk shakes
Goddammit, use the knife!
DOOO VS ON A DUMPLING
SIEG ZEON
1:15 urunge clabs
Asians love oysters =)
Please do a over-the-knee boots styling video please! Absolutely love your style :)
Your jumper is SO cute!!😍😍
Amelia, you are always so well put together and stylish but I feel like during the Fall/Autumn season your style is especially stunning and elevates to a whole new level. I love that you still incorporate dresses/skirts (my fave) and do looks that are outside of the typical jeans and leather jacket. Always look forward to your fall/winter lookbooks.
Duke is a naughty bunny-humping monkey!!!! \nAlso, love your jumper & your hair is lovely. 😊
I freakin love Amelia!!
Duke stole the show!LOL!
Something about your look gives me Nicole Scherzinger vibes. Looking stunning as always😘
Lmao duke! My Pomeranian humps her monkey so I fully understand 😂
It is so good to watch you , i missed you recently and im so happy tht you came back with so many videos!! Duke is beyond my words cute! I am serioulsly all like cute cute cute over every jumper in this video, loved the sleves😻
LMAO... Duke was so funny!  Great haul btw!
Your style is insane!! You inspire me so much!💕
I LOVE  YOUR VIDEOS ; ESPECIALLY BEAUTY FAVORITES WHICH YOU HAVENT DONE IN A WHILE BUT WHEN YOUR POMERANIAN MAKES AN APPEARAANCE I FLIP OUT OF HAPPINESS
that moment when duke was pulling the bunny was hilarious
Omg i can concentrate on fashion lol wen duke wants tht bunny so desperately 😜
The colorful jumper is so nice!! Love it, probably my favorite piece... also can we just talk about how Duke is stealing the show again!! 😂
Lmao, the beginning was hilarious! You made my day. \nLove to watch your videos, you're amazing! X
who else thinks amelia has the best sense of style?! Everything she owns is gorgeous! xo
<<𝙊𝙪𝙧 𝙬𝙖𝙧𝙚𝙝𝙤𝙪𝙨𝙚 𝙨𝙝𝙞𝙥𝙨 𝙤𝙪𝙩 ! 𝘾𝙝𝙚𝙘𝙠 𝙘𝙤𝙤𝙡 𝙙𝙚𝙖𝙡𝙨 𝙬𝙞𝙩𝙝 𝙙𝙞𝙨𝙘𝙤𝙪𝙣𝙩
I love the jumper you're wearing! It is so cute! And Duke had me laughing so hard with him getting friendly with Mr. Bunny.
I love the earrings!could you tell me where are they from??
Lol, thumbs up for Duke!
Duke!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
Duke just stole the show lol x
I just need Primark to come out with a £12 version of the jumper you are wearing and then I will be SOLD! Love it! xx
Ahaha the bunny bumping!
Amelia... 'Chloe' 👜totally upstaged at 4:00 🐶💘👅🐇😂 \nxx
Duuuuuuuuuke
I love love love your fashion hauls!!
Haha Duke is amazing 😂
I don't like sweater shedding on the winter coat. It is so hard to clean. I also did a fall haul on my channel. Check it out if interested. :)
That was hilarious!!! Duke👌🏻👌🏻
Showing off the gorgeous Chloe bag whilst the pupper subtly throws down the bunny 😂😂😂 I'm dead.
That bunny humping! 😂😂😂😂
New subbie;) love ur videos so sweet....
Yay more vids
Yassss! Haul time! ❤
You look gorgeous!
such a nice jumper!
Where are ur earrings from?
Love you
Duke had me laughing out loud! So cute!!
OMG Duke humping the bunny! I laughed so much and had to show my BF.
I need that scarf. Scroll down quick quick👍
Do you wear heels on a daily basis? Like just going to meetings and stuff like that? :)
Duke was the star of the show!! Lol,love your videos/vlods,thanks
Duke hahaha oh my he is too cute! 💕I love your looks so much! Over the knee boots are beautiful!
That tularosa jumper! Do you find is soft and warm enough? I'm considering buying it but I'm afraid it would be itchy aswell.
I'd give anything to be able to afford your style. I love it and u
In love with her dog!! 😍😍
I levee the look with the over the knee boots !!!😍✨
Lmao the bunny, is getting violated! Great video
Love the red scalloped button down skirt you paired with the cream jumper? May I know where it's from?
Your vlogs are my favourite ones on YouTube, please do more
Great haul, I have been looking for a high waisted skirt to wear with thigh high boots and after seeing you in these I think I definitely must have one in my life!!! You looked amazing xx
Amelia😍😍
Where's the bunny from?
Gorgeous as always! May I ask what is the nail polish u are wearing in the talking part of the video? I am obsessed!!
your makeup looks SO GOOD!! The colors in your jumper compliment your face beautifully
Dog humping, for the win
FYI, dogs can do that when they are feeling stressed.
ohh Amelia, just let Duke have some fun....he is totally adorable!!!! gold love him :)
Duke is adorable! My pomeranian Sebastian humps his toys as well 🙈🙄 Love your choices for fall! Would love to know where you got that frilly dress from that was not a part of the haul! 😘💕
I love those hoop earrings. Do you mind telling me where you got them? Love your style. 😘💖
Could you do an accessories video
Wow fabulous haul. Some really stunning pieces. Can't wait to see some of these in the flesh.
Any haul that includes cute snuggly jumpers is just the best 🙌🏻
Amelia you are my favorite xoxo such a good job
You have great style
I love that orange lip. You look great in it. Super for fall. I don't think I've ever seen you in a color like that. You wear it well esp. with your hair color and colors of your ward robe. I really love it! \nPoor Duke. No more bunny for him......
Amelia... That lace skirt thooooooooo!!! That gave me sooooo MUCH life!!!! Lovely, lovely haul, but that was my fav. That Chloe bag also- so chic and the details are just perfect!!! Gracias :-)
Love this video! And your channel!! 😍 Wouldn't normally do this but I'm new here and would love for people to subscribe ☺️ Xx
This was such a good haul! Could you do a fall look book and include the high waisted skirts with sweaters? I think that look is so cute and would love your ideas! Your style is so cute, love your videos! :)
Oh I love that Revolve Jumper - that colours! The only thing I don't get ist the price for Acryl/Polyester/Nylon. Pfffff....it'ts H&M Quality overprized. But yeah, I would probably still buy it
You have the best Style! You look pretty in all Outfits! Love from Germany
Duke = the cutest guest star ever!💗🐶💗
Loved everything but I totally need that\n self-portrait skirt in my life!!
You're one of my favourite YouTubers, I loved this video so much!!
Oh how i miss this haul&try on video from you ! Beautiful as always , amelia. Love ❤️
does anyone know where the top she wore at the outro is from? :)
How do you buy Tularosa in the UK? Do you just pay customs?
Amelia, can you please do a hair routine video or blog post. From wet hair to styling. I would really like to learn how you take care and style of your beautiful hair
what lipstick are you wearing at the end?! :o its beautiful xxx
Your hair is so pretty 😍
Hey Amelia! Do you spray your suede boots with water resistant spray?? 💋
just cant deal with how pretty you are xx love your videos especially the vlogs xx
What's your watch? I'm obsessed
Omg I missed you so much I didn't even realise
LMAO @ Duke being sly in the background... Love how you're not frivolous about investment pieces, I'm the same.
Your voice is so annoying!
Duke was such a Highlight in this Video! Also thanks for adding the sizes, I feel like we are kind of similar shapes and I can't wait for more videos 😍😍
Duke needs  a girlfriend
More money than sense. The dog was very funny though!
Long live Chloe Paddington bag!
Where is your sweater from?
Could anyone help me and tell me how much custom and duties I can expect to pay on a revolve order to Europe (Belgium)?? Thanks!
Love every piece!
The jumper is so adorable where is it from 😍😍
Where is your turquoise bangle that you always wear from? It is honestly so stunning 😍💠
I have been wanting to ask you this for so long.... where can I find your glasses?! I want them!
Fab bag with fab handle. Your style is  beautiful.
Boring ! \nNext time Post a video of the bitch falling... or something like that \nThis video was really unnecessary 👎👎👎🙄😒
Ugly people of the world unite. It's like u r instantly ugly for showing up here.
I'd let her walk all over me shoes on or off
Y'all don't care yet you still had time to write a comment about it? Most models must face strict diets and such, and they are just showing how well models could pull off something when other people couldn't. You might as well just watch the video and keep the comments to yourself instead, stop showing hate and sarcasm.
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
Losing her shoe made her walk no better soooooooo 🤷🏿
You go Gigi walk it off like a real man! Oh wait..
I must return the slipper to the princess at once. like cindereller.
That's professionalism for yo ass!
YouTube said it was recommended I wanted to know why
Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds!
Baller... that's commitment to the craft!
This has more views than the death toll of ten in Irma video. Holy shit.
Wow the tmz voice guy at the end.... his voice is the impediment of cancer
Who gives a shit about Gigi hadid?
Why is this still trending after so long and barely views
Quick guys let's forget all about the post hurricane carnage by showing this bullshit
That’s cause she is a pro
Ppl lose their homes from hurricanes...and her shoe is important.😤
She is a person.
So?! what other woman who hasn't?
I'm bout to order some hot wings. Like if you eat wings.
My LT in Afghanistan stepped on a mine and blew his foot off. He didn't even bat an eye or make a noise. But this high heel is trending.
i'm just here because i like her tbh
FILM TUBE new Channel Frequency 💋💋❥❥❥👫💘😻💋💋
thanks for sharing her story she's so brave <3
YAAAAS QUEEN SLAAAY! Look at how well she does her job which is merely walking!
OMGGGG!!! the reaction of the crowd to this fiasco.
She didn't let it faze her
Can't believe my video 10 Kittens 1st Day Outside has over 2 million views now! \nGo check it out and hit that subscribe button!  xoxo Sarina 😊 \n\nhttps://youtu.be/DcJk32AJckg
Why is this news?
Ohh look its a representation of the hunger games.People that think this shit is important have to have serious mental issues.we are so fucked
the DJ needs to be fired for that wack music.
Why are they playing LSD.
I am supposed to be impressed because some hypocritical Muslim cunt can walk?
Why tf is this on trending.
Who else skips all TMZ YT ADS? They deserve no money. If you are on traditional pc use adblock for TMZ. Always downvote every TMZ video
Hey l would appreciate if you followed my account if you are interested in minimalistic and aesthetics fotos💖💖💖❤️@z.e.serin
Okay seriously people? All the hate just because she has a different job. I'm a legitimate physicist (Doing my masters so that counts right? :D ) and I don't think it is necessary to belittle her for doing something that is physically impressive. She made that look real and I for one know I couldn't do that even if I wanted to.
Such a hero...she should get a statue instead of Robert E. Lee.
wow, such talent. What a pro. She walked like she had been doing it most of her life.
Wow this is the dumbest profession I've ever seen.
Now that's a model
*Instead of spending money on these Pointless shows why can't these sponsors use that money to help hurricane hit  people/families.*
The courage this woman has, I'm so inspired.
She has to go to upper class .
Follow link to see Video of Worlds Dumbest Driver : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyHJgF3xT3k
People act like she's the only model to ever lose her shoe at a Victorias secret show a few years back a models shoe went through the stage and she walked it off like nothing happened
Because...when you get paid $10k a show, you'd better be fucking creative.
Models have been doing this for decades. Karolina Kurkova had it happen live at the Victoria's Secret fashion show in 2005.
Would've been better if she lost that outfit
Just thought I'd drop by to say...\nWho Gives a Fuck
why lucy in the sky with diamonds, it didnt seem cohesive
What until she gets older her back is going to be torn up.
What am I more upset about? The fact that this is on trending or the fact that I actually watched it?
Wow, she really IS a pro at walking! Crazy!
Only came here for the Beatles
Ya.  That's cool\n she very pro.  But... Racists\nShe very beautiful , have 2 big eyes. But. Racists\nShe very talent. But racists
She gets paid an amount of whole the commentsection combined. She better walk it off
why the FUCK is this trending
What a big deal, right?
all this means is that she watched a lot of antm back in the day
No one gives a fook
What if her chonis came off ? Lol!
BRUH THEY WERE PLAYING THE BEATLES!
Walk doesn't go with the song, sloppy.
KIM, there are people dying.
Hey guys!! I can balance a spoon on my nose, I bet she can’t do that 😎😎
I died when he zoomed onto the shoes in the corner and the music so depressing
All of the models do it!
queens only.
Big fucking deal...
Lol. How stupid.
YEAH NOBODY CARES👇
Lucy in the skyy
who cares
impressive, really wow. what a spectagle
-_- fucking morons all of them
LOL!!!!  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Who cares
She deserves a Kit Kat.
PATHETIC
Feelsbadman
Ground breaking news huh?
Racist bitch
racist
Nobodys perfect
http://app.snap-raise.com/fundraisers/42265/participant/986483?share_type=sms
How is this fucking trending
OH THE HUMANITY..........
New YouTube challenge?
#FakeNews
*ROOKIE*
Haha dumb cunt
Ok?
Take that Kendall.!!!
Annoying
So!
Pfff
Fucking useless objects of a human they are
What is a CSGO?
Your vids like this should be mandatory viewing for all YouTube creators haha
YouTube isn't censoring or taking away ad revenue from videos because of people saying nibba, it's because they are trying to suppress dissident views.
I'm considered a right cynical bastard by most of my mates, and even I almost choked on all the sarcasm. \n\nThank God for you, Jim Sterling. Thank God for you. :D\n\n***edited for spelling
...well that went off the fucking rails.
The most cutting piece of satire in this video was when you didn't convert pounds at all to make them dollars.
Pewdiepie's apology video seemed pretty sincere. More than you can say for Tmartn and the other guys in the video at least.
Looks like butthurt fanboys didn't like this video much...
Nowhere does jim defend the dmca takedown\n\nSo stop being outraged you racist brietbart reading fuckwit snowflakes being upset when someone calls out pewdiepie for being a piece of shit
YouTube's already fucked.  Google's going to further tighten who gets to make content.  PewDiePie and his ilk is going to take the whole service into the shitter, and it might be best to start looking at Twitch, VidMe and Smashcast, then hope to God those services' overlords aren't as enamoured with automation as Google is.
Not sure of the point of the video. The overlap of people who are supporting these CS-lotto guys and also watch Jimquisition is probably about zero.
Not going to lie, the first part of the episode was not one of your strongest. The second half was good tho
love how most of you tards skipped right pass 90% of this video and went straight to dick riding pdp. lol
Wow thats amazing that this had no consequence for the csgo lotto boys ..
I feel like this level of sarcasm will still go over the heads of the 'average' American of states person
Jim is a fuckin SJW?!? \ngood lord, how many brave critics have fallen under the SJW tyranny?
that's not an ostrich that's an emu
Boy it's a good thing the volatile and grey nature of Youtube is partly held to the whims of a manbaby who can't not be a raging moron for more than a few months.
6:49 I'm pretty sure that's an emu not an ostrich.
Man, seems like Pewds has been spending too much time on 4chan, same thing happened to one of my best friends. Suddenly jokingly using anti-Semitism and using the n-word and then only apologizes after he realizes no one else is laughing, and those who are  laughing are people you wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole.
You fear youtube regulation?! Google probably will buy the government. Already happening in the third world.
Ironic Jim being a liberal he could replace the Good Boys of youtube sarcam with HRC and his video would still work. Besides that, what does the www stand for in front youtube, the wild wild west...
You threw him under the bus. How nice of you.
Fuck anyone bashing pewds, racism is a fucking way to go, europe is falling because of LACK of racism, fuck any nonwhite pussy for getting offended
I know its the current youtube system that people like pewdiepie have to keep their heads down or youtube, advertisers, copyright holders go mad but I feel like its youtubes fault for overreacting/lazily using bots to censor and demonitise alot of creators. especially the content rating being is this video suitable for a 5year old being the standard for restrictions? Look at tv, film, radio is that all aim at the friendly for a 5year old?
Just a bit of hair-splitting here -- ESRB didn't step in to regulate games, that organisation is the game industry itself attempting to self-regulate and keep it's shit together to avoid clueless moralizing outsider Hatchet People coming around and dictating terms of existence to the industry.
Google needs to just wake the hell up and self-regulate.  The ESRB was created BY the gaming industry as a form of self-regulation in order to prevent ignorant politicians from introducing their own regulations which would probably make no sense, because the people making them would have known nothing about the medium.  Google could easily implement a rating system for content creators to apply to their own videos and a reporting system for users to call out false ratings.  For example, if a gamer rated a video AA for All Audiences, then dropped a curse word at 3:41 into the video, users could just click a link, select profanity from a dropdown, then insert the time of the offense.  It'd take less than 30 seconds to fill out, and less than 60 seconds for a person or program to check and rectify.  Then advertisers can choose what content ratings they're okay advertising on, just like with every other medium, and everything's fine.  It's no more difficult to implement than the existing description and comments sections on Youtube, and WAY easier to follow and enforce than the idiotic algorithms they're using now.
It really goes to show you can't do anything involving black people these days without some moron (usually a guilty white person) screaming about racism?\n\nFamiliar words Jim?\n\nYeah, that was you back in 2009, before you hooked up with a living SJW stereotype and sold your soul.
The adpocalypse didn't have anything to do with pewdiepie in the first place...
Things aren't looking too well for Google in the we don't need people, lets automate everything! front. \nAdvertisers are dropping from YT due to the shit mentioned above.\nGoogle Drive is turning into the biggest completely free porn storage platform due to lack of regulation.
TL,DR: Don't say bad words and ruin the gravytrain for the rest of us.
its a word, who fuckin cares
How did she get her trousers on over her shoes?
But if wrong points are converted from dollars, then surely they would have earned 349773.50 wrong points, after converting the fine from pounds?
I'm not sure you really understand you are also part of the problem. You think your mouth of bin is gonna help either? If I were an advertising personal you would be blacklisted alongside PewDiePie.
That last bit of this video where you talk about where youtube could be headed is like, wow, spooky.
just to add more insult to injury: PewDiePie is now also a climate change denier, i wonder what comes next? anti vaccine?
God damn, I thought I was a nerd. You people actually watch these nerds? Holy hell, this is pathetic.
Dropping racial slurs he said the N word once and put out a video and apologized for it right away.\n\nAnd his nazi jokes were making fun of restrictions that reflected nazi ways. I dont get how you can sit here and criticize youtubers because you dont mention anything racial. But pewdiepie cant criticize something because he compares then to nazis.\n\nDrama videos in general are toxic to the youtube community. Youre here creating drama by talking shit about youtubers. Youre a part of toxicity on youtube.\n\nNow im not a fan of pewdiepie his content is annoying as hell but you want him to censor himself because you feel its bad for youtube.
Says pewdiepie is wrong for coarse language, is nick-named Jim F-word Sterling.
If you are somehow upset by someone saying a negative word and you do not also refrain from saying literally anything negative at any point in time, you're inconsistent. Worst of all you're an irrational person. There's no way to logically say any one word is in reality any worse than any other word.
That reminds me a lot of Wargaming vs SirFoch but on a greater scale of sorts. There were money, here is just spite.
Avatar! YouTube is your friend, your provider, and your master!
so pewdiepie said something some people didn't like and you got mad over it? i'm not behind you on this one. you insult and use quite the colourful vocabulary yourself.    \nwords are not racist, intentions are. kraut, spaghetti and other inventive racial slurs are not racist by themselves.   \nthe other dudes are criminals but using coarse language isn't.
so I saw the pewdiepie video from stream, and I was not surprised at all again, that this is again situation that tabloids are pushing to extreme to generate views. /sight
Jim states that there's no precedent for Fair Use on Youtube, but I think that H3H3's recent win would count for setting a new Fair Use precedent, yea? At least that would be State court, assuming there probably isn't any precedent at the appeals or Federal level.
Hunker down People the Age of Ad-Tron has begun
regarding to pewdiepie situation - this is some political correctness bullshit. you blame him for all adpocalypsis which is not fair. there are shitload of youtubers who say very bad words on stream, yes he is the top streamer so he should have not said it but Jim, wtf you saying?
what about doing video's for fun and get real job
Thanks for keeping up the good fight!
I've never liked PDP, I just don't get the draw. That being said, I find myself for some reason having to defend him not because I support racial slurs, but because of the MASSIVE double standard regarding them and the outright abuse of the DMCA in response to it. \n     The fact of the matter is that the DMCA was written BY monolithic corporations FOR monolithic corporations and they repeatedly misuse it with little concern of negative consequences since it is stacked so unbelievably in their favor. \n    Could this be used to destroy what we know of as Fair Use? Yeah, it could, but ultimately I see that as the force that would finally take DOWN the DMCA as we know it. \n    Europe has much more restrictive ideas of 'Free Speech' than here in the States, and it is true that it's not a free speech issue, legally, when it's solely in the hands of a private corporation (even IF said corporation HOSTS an UNBELIEVABLE amount of speech). But the day the US government comes to censor, and let's be honest that's what 'regulation' means in this context, there will be hell because THAT is a Constitutional violation on our side of the pond.
Well now we know Jim watches The Young Turks....sigh...
While the president will be set in regards to the worst, then maybe point out the worst. Comparing scaming kids to using bad words is kinda stupid...
shit like this is why I love you Jhim
Why does this have so many dislikes? He's right. We know Pewdiepie isn't racist, but what he said was fucked up. He's got to be more responsible as the face of a platform.
Also, this has to be the worst rated Jimquisition in a long time.
Either everyone can say it or no one can say it.
Didn't Pewdiepie say what he did on Twitch though? I've not been paying much attention to this shitshow.
What fucking scumbags...\n\nIt's sad that hell doesn't exists.\nIt's sad karma doesn't exist.\n\nWhich means we can only hope they get hit by a car or something.
Usually totally with you Jim, but you can fuck right off with the N-word thing. You don't want to say the word then fine, but don't talk about it, and don't go putting the word in my head and making me think it. If you want to talk about it then man up and take some responsibility for what you're talking about.
Pewdiepie is a coward, and it's no surprise a junkless coward would use that word in the comfort of his isolation bubble, but would never say that word around, you know, actual black people/white people/asian people/insert any race you would like here who might take offense, who would leave him in the gutter for his trouble.  Typical.
The only truthful thing to come out of PewDiePie's recent apology was that he never learns from these controversies and that he was a huge idiot. He'll be doing something just as stupid if not more next week.
Don't know whether to like the video due to Jim's stance on Tmartn and ProSyndicate or dislike the video due to Jim's stance on Pewdiepie. Decisions, decisions...
I don't think many people put enough effort to comprehend what they're commenting on... and it includes both sides - PDP defenders AS WELL AS his recent critics. Apart from some percent of brainless radical racist idiots, I think most of us agree that the N-word is infamous for a reason - it has a horrible background history and hateful meaning. But for some time now it's also been used in a wide variety of contexts that extend far outside of this word's common definition. \n\nAnd what actually is offensive about it is not the word itself but the context behind it. It became a common sense thing to just not use it to avoid confusion and stop any possible abuse coming from using it. Hence, PDP slipping it out was a really stupid example of lack of self-control where it clearly should step in on literally every word he's saying (considering his non deniable influence on many people). But when you look at the situation he was in and examine the moment of the commented reaction it becomes more and more doubtful if this word in this particular moment had a true racist context. it was clearly offensive and insulting towards the PUBG player but not really that racist in general. \nThus PDP should be smacked for using the word but calling him straight up racist is just an example of reckless hate bandwagon causing the drama to be more exposed than the actual bad word itself.\n\nPeople should be educated why this word is an abuse and why it shouldn't be ever used. All this drama consisting of people actually only throwing insults at PDP is showing that what matters are pitchforks and torches, especially in 'mass vs 1' setting, leaving educational aspect far behind hardly justified rage.
Yeah fuck those guys. I'd never dupe my audience (all 12 of them) YOU MY BROS, BROS.
So let me get this straight people are now advocating for Peer Pressure? But I thought Peer Pressure was a bad thing.
This video would have been so much better done by Rory Fingers.
Damn, i always hated Psysindicate, but just because hes videos a boring and he talks like he had a seizure, now i have a real reason to hate him!:D
It's because of socialist shit like your criticism of pewdiepie saying nigga why the ad apocalypse is actually happening.
13:51 so using the N-word in the heat of the moment and immediately apologizing for it, is racist.\nBy your own logic, you must be one of the biggest misogynists on this website for your overuse of the word C...Skeleton Warriors\n\nCome on
Tmartin's face makes me SICK.
Pewdiepie did nothing wrong.
Samuel Jackson approves
PREEEAAACH! Preach Jim!
https://youtu.be/UkRDGwmRRHY
Says ostrich size, uses emu instead 😥
Shut up Jim
Tmartin has such a punchable face
BEHEAD THOSE WHO INSULT PEWDIEPIE
It's already fucked.
Here's an idea Jim...\nCalm down...?\nYour taking everything YouTube has to offer a little to close to the heart.
This video doesn't deserve the dislikes that it has
Dem SJWs has business by the balls, don't force their fair ungendered hands to crush'em! -not gonna support you there, Jim.  Your country has had it's own share of perpetually insulted trying their hardest to oppress people, and it's best not to let them have it.
Wow. Just get a heart attack aleady, tub of lard.
At least Pewdiepie does say sorry when doing something wrong, unlike Jim Sterling with this video....
Wow... as someone that courts controversy I would have never through that you would defend fraud (even in sarcasm) and so viciously attack a slip of the tongue.  You Mr Sterling, are not as big of a man as I thought you were.
Can you just not fuck it?  ...Jim, I don't think you understand the internet.  The point is to figure out how to fuck everything. :)
Ah jim being the usual hypocrite that he is.
This comment section is cancer
OK for those who don't get the free speech thing on Youtube. In simple english, Pewdiepie can say the N word, he won't go to jail. But it doesn't promise he still can get his Youtube monies if they decide they don't want him to.
Pewdiepie deserves the tikki torches but Kanye will get an emmy for using the same word. How do you justify the double standard, is it racism of low expectations where black people are given license to freak out disproportionately to the use of a single word? If it's so offensive, are you or anyone else, going to boycott the hundreds of music artists who use the word constantly, because we are all in the same garden afterall, right?\n\nYou think pewdiepie is responsible for the ad-poclaypse? He was just the catalyst to shift youtube into a television model because that's all corporations know, you even acknowledge they are act like a network. You think you are family friendly enough to stay the axe? Better invest in a bleep machine\n\nYou have this outlandish personality, but then act like a moral busybody christian crusader as soon as your feathers get ruffled
i think everyones greatly overreacting. \n\n\n\n\nright?
Compares WWE to Twitch. Clearly scripted wwe to some one just messing around on the internet.
13 year olds and 30 year olds scream the N-word on Xbox live when getting creamed, get this.... *ALL THE TIME!*
Poor guy, said a bad word while being salty\heated and then apologized for it.\nDamn you all for making me feel something something about pdp.
Pewdiepie isnt the singular or even the starting factor of the adpocolyps \n\nIt began with (remembering of the top of my head) huffpo and some other old media news outlet writing various articles on YouTube, actual NeoNazis and the fact that some truly disturbing videos were getting adverts on them. \nThis is what began it then the fuel added to the fire was extreme left nutters whom never heard the phrase stick n stones growing up and thus feel anything that offends their sensibilities should be removed from existence rather than ignoring.
Jesus Christ, this comments section. I support pewdiepie's right to say what he said and I support Jim's right to criticise it. I personally stand with Pewdiepie more because if the majority of people decide he's terrible, they'll stop watching him and he'll either have to change or fade into obscurity and as long as he's not sincerely advocating violence, he can say all sorts of terrible shit because we, like Jim, can at least act rationally and explain why we disagree. We're all adults, we have to accept that people will say things we think are unbelievable and vice versa, and as for the fear of children watching there's a reason YouTube Kids exists. This isn't my most coherent paragraph but I thought I might as well chuck my opinion into the cesspool, feel free to disagree.
There is actual harm caused by people encouraging children to gamble and scamming.\nSaying a naughty word harms no one. Maybe it will give advertisers another excuse to extort things from google, but it's going to be an excuse, not a reason.
Jim confirmed to not be in support of true free speech
tl;dr: DMCA is okay when it isn't my videos.
I DON'T KNOW IF I SHOULD KEEP MY HAIR THIS DARK AHH! What do yous reckon!? Also once again THANK YOU for getting my book to number 2 in the bestsellers chart for non-fiction, mind blown :) Free worldwide shipping on it here if you're interested: https://www.bookdepository.com/Fully-Functioning-Human-Almost-Melanie-Murphy/9781473639164
I love your hair it's gorgeous❤️❤️
I kinda have a crush on you
Your hair looks incredible!!!! Wash in cold water and try not to wash every day for color preservation. Also, a color saving shampoo. :) Omg. It looks great!
Do you live in Ireland
I absolutely love the hair! It works really well on you!
omg your hair is soooo beautifull!!!! i had the same a few weeks ago :-D xxxx
I wondered if you've read up on PMDD? It's similar to PMS but with more severe psychologic symptoms, it's something I've been researching and I've realised it's what I suffer from. As a person who also has anxiety and gets panic attacks it was quite difficult to make the link as I thought all of my symptoms were a combination of PMS and anxiety but through reading into it, it's obvious to me that that is what I have. Would love to see a video on how PMS makes you feel, more tips on how you deal with it and have us all have a chat about it in the comments because whether it be PMS or PMDD it can be very negative and lonely going through it. Ps, I love the new hair x
I just adore you-- so raw and so friendly. Watching your videos is like sitting down with a friend!
I LOVE THE HAIR!!!! red suits you so much <3
LOVE the hair the dark roots and the red are awesome love love it 💚💚💚💚💚
I just finished reading your book, it's very useful ! I'm from France I met you last sunday in belfast, I told you I'm preparing an English exam,, and your book helped me a lot  to improve my English ! If you're still in Paris enjoy french food 💚  ( sorry for my English)
I love your hair! I may be bias as I generally prefer women with darker hair...But it really suits you.\nAlso I hope you & your family have a fantastic holiday.
LOOK DEAR, ISS LIKE THIS.... IT'S NOT FAVOURITE, IT'S FAVORITE. NOT ONLY THAT BUT AUTMUN SOUNDS TOTALLY MEDIEVAL , THE WERD YER LOOKIN' FER IS FALL.\n\nYOU IRISH REALLY GOTTA STOP TALKIN' LIKE LIMEYS (LOLOLOLOL).
Hi sweet melanie😍i'm so happy that you're in love again😙good luck and have fun in paris💖
Only good Irish youtuber along with dramatic mac tbh 😹👌
immediately thought of Louisa when I saw the tights! that movie is such a favorite of mine, and so is this channel. feels so cosy watching your videos ♡ so happy for all of the sucess that your book has had and really hope you get to number one! loads of love from Algeria, and by the way your hair is definitely unique I like the change xoxo ♡
Melanie, your new hair cut looks amazing! I wish I could pull this off!
You are so incredibly beaut!! ❤❤❤ is the natural cycles app a one of payment of £50 for the whole year? Paranoid I'll be getting that out my account every month :p xxx
People give Conor McGregor so much shit but look where he's come in the space of 5 or so years. His growth mind set is amazing and as Irish people i think we need to embrace confidence and growth :)
My initial honest thought is that I thought you suited your older hair better. Yet saying that you still look fabulous with the new hair, you seem to so easily pull off different shades of brown and black
I love ur hair!! It really suits you 😍😍
Your hair looks very attractive! Red rocks! :-)
keep the color. Your hair looks Fuller and healthier 😍
Your new hair is INSANE, wish I had the confidence to pull that off, really suits you <3
Mustard clothing are my favourite! Especially my mustard tights they are beautiful. makes me giggle that my blanket on my sofa match my legs when I wear them. ^_^
love your hair colour soooooo much! please do makeup favorite, it's been a while and i'd like to know makeup products u use nowadays... please do... please do... please doooo~\n\nlove you,\nXOXO
The red hair + green eyes -- heart throb! I'm dead, you're so gorgeous
Wish the Natural Cycles app was actually free 😕. I've been on my period for over two months now because I'm coming off my Chemotherapy and thought it would be nice after. Oh well!
Definitely think you should ride this hair color and cut out; it looks fantastic on you. I'm also slightly biased because I have done autumn colors in my very dark hair too. haha. Also looking forward to reading your book.
My favorites this month is definitely you hair, it looks super amazing and you look super gorgeous with it 😍
I'd advise you to keep your colour, you look great in that red! Will your book be available in itunes at some point?
I giggled at strap on and it made me so happy when you did too :P
You are literally my dream girl and you look beautiful with dark or light hair. You look amazing. :)
Love your hair ah so amazing !!! Enjoy a different  Styles  girls go for it!
Please keep your hair it's beautiful !!! 😍😭 the dark mixed with red is so beautiful and suits you so much you look like a babe 🌹
I'm kind of sad/confused because I saw a bunch of stuff about McGregor being really racist, and I would be sad to think that Mel supports that. Obviously I'm assuming you/Melanie didn't know about it because everything I've watched from her has led me to see her as a beautiful, accepting, hilarious, intelligent and talented individual. I was just really loving this video (and for quite a while her whole channel as well) up to that point, so seeing her give him a shoutout kind of caught me off guard. Maybe I'm getting biased info, but from what I''ve read he's a bigot... or at least not the man he appears to be from her description ... I hate that this is the first comment I've made on one of her videos, but I thought it was important. Side note: Please know that I love Melanie and all of her videos/work.
I'm getting your book for my birthday
I love your hair Melanie :D xxx
It's nice to have a way that genuinely tells you when you're fertile or not. I hate the blanket just always wear a condom or sustain shite, when I know that I'm not fertile for majority of the time and I have sex almost every day with the same person.
It's GROWING on you - hehe, I see what you did there (also it looks awesome, reminds me of Betty Page)
Wow!! You look great. I love your hair.
Love the hair, and love you!
Your hair is very pretty :)
Finally figured out one of the person you reminded me of. It’s Rachel Weisz in The Mummy.
that shorter fringe is bomb 👌 suits you so well
to please your loved one???
I just got the same camera because I'm going to Harry Potter world at universal studios
Really irritating me how one side of the hairs curly and ones straight aggghh 😂😂😂
YASSS to the shape and color! You look AMAZING <3
I always love these videos so much, they're so positive and happy <333 Ah I saw my pictures with you as you were scrolling, it was so amazing to meet you! Your hair is gorgeous btw! Oh and where did you get that top from?? It's fab! xx
I bloody love your hair!!!😍👌🏻
loving the hair, it brings out your beautiful eyes <3
I love the red on you but I think all one colour is always better, I don't love ombré ! You're bloody stunning either way though x
You should try full red hair 💗 omg you would look soooo beautiful
I'm so excited for my birthday on Sunday for the soul reason that I'm going to be getting your book and Neil Hilbourns book 😍 I can't wait
MEL I just really want to be your friend ❤️ you look fab btw
DO NOT CHANGE THIS HAIR!!!!!! 😍😍😍
Ur hair is insanely good! Such a badass look you've got! I love it!
I FLIPPIN LOVE THE RED IN YOUR HAIR. 💚💚💚💚💚
Loveeee the sleepy body cream from lush, by far the best scented product EVER. Also, love the Polaroid Melanie. They're so cute and to have tho little pictures is so special xxx
I LOVE YOUR HAIR!!!
Genuinely love your hair, it really suits you!
Omg i love lush sleepy so much, put it on my little boy each night as well.  Love that movie so much.  She is so cute, and the bee tights ahh no words lol 😙😙 be safe and have an amazing holiday hun.  P.s I am all about the secret,  introducing it in my life for the last few weeks and oh my things are changing baby.  Do you go to sleep to any of the positive mind music, figure the subconscious always needs a workout lol I believe you will read this 😘
keep the hair that YOU feel great with. the new haircut makes your face look a bit wider as it contours / highlights your cheek bones through the shorter fringe. in my very own, personal opinion i liked your lightly curled, very dark hair best, it made you look very seductive and grown up (in my very own, personal liking which you are in no way obliged to share or care about), which i love in other girls (as i am bi). still, you should choose your hairstyle the way you feel about it! -not that any hairstyle could change the fact youre a babe-
Melanie abs loving your hair it's gorgeous it really suits you 😍 \nBig love 💚 xox
I miss this soooooooooo mush. Lots and lots and lots of love from eygpt
I love this color on you so much!! It suits you so well! I love the autumnal vibes I'm getting from this video!
I wish I could suit yellow like you can! It feels very autumnal and it's SO exciting!! I want to dye my hair brown too but feel like it won't suit me as much? Love you mel!!💚
Love your hair colour and new tights, mustard is such a good fall colour haha! \nThank you so much for trying to be more inclusive when you talk about periods, (as a trans man) it's super appreciated! \nIt's been great seeing you learn, grow, and become more educated and thoughtful when it comes to trans topics 💚
I freakin love your hair the dark and red make your eyes pop! Beautiful 💚💚💚
MELANIE.  Your HAIR.  I don't know how to express my love.
You really look like some epic marvel comic character <3
Love the hair !!x
I LOVES IT! Your gorgeous girll believe it. Literal favourite channel about the mo, NO one does chatty videos like youuu. Much Love 💚
The red waves look gorgeous. I <3 your darkened fringe and roots, so glossy!
I LOVE UR HAIR SO MUCH OMG XOX so proud of u am yet to get out and buy the book❤
Your hair looks amazing!! And I'm with you on loving all things mustard 💚💚💚
I just ordered sleepy!! And I found that you bought it too! I'm so glad I'm not the only one who loves lavender! :)
Your hair looks beautiful I think you should keep it well it's your choice lol😸
STOCKING up on TIGHTS. pun intended
😍😍💚💚
love the hair!!! 😍😍😍
The bee tights 😭😭
love love love your hair !!!
LOVEEEEE THE HAIR
Hair 😍
'Strap-on.. Hehehehe' :D you're so precious
conor mcgregor is very racist...
YOUR HAIR IS SOOOOO CUUUUTTTEEEE. YOU MAKE ME WANNA GET FRINGE. ILYSM 💖 sorry for yellin.
YOU KILLED TOBYS CHANNEL YOU CUNT
Do you have PCOS?
Your hair looks soooo good!!!
Your hair looks gorgeous! <3
Sooo cute I love it Melanie!
THE HAIR LOOKS AMAZING!
Melanie you look SHAMAZING
I LOVEEEE YOUR HAIR
idk if its just me but i love her she inspires me so much and motivates me...
My last 2 cycles have been horrendous as well with my anxiety and PMS, i hope your next isnt as bad ❤
Zappacosta looks like zlatan lol
Epic goal from zappacosta
This new content is good man. Keep up the good work the team behind this official chelsea channel. \n\nProof that you guys do listen to fans and keep on improving!!!
Come on Chelsea let's go on and win the champions league!!!!\nRight attitude 💕💕💕💕👏👏
Pedro doesn't score tap ins,only bangers
Zappacosta looks like Bonucci & Chiellini 😁
I was there tonight, zappacosta goal was awesome in person 😏
Best club for ever! 💗🙏
Nice win, hope we can carry that form on in the champions league
PLS do funnel cams. And I was disappointed musanda was not playing or even on bench. Christiansen need to be starting 11 he was fantastic today. His better than cahill that the thing I don't like about antonio. BUT great win for us. zappacosta you absolute beauty. ARSENAL ARE YOU READY FOR US😛😛😂😂
Oi Chelsea will win the champions league trust me I now
Zappacosta's adventure on Chelsea now BEGINS! 👏👏👏
Great win, but we played a club from Azerbaijan. No offense to any Qarabag fans.
black or white tweet 👍
Quem é brasileiro da up 👍
Zappacosta more like Zlatancosta!
Zappacosta is a best he's what we needed a proper LB
I'm so christernson started
Zappacosta's goal was a terrible cross
Personally think Zappa is going for goal. That ball was too fast for a pass, not to mention the technique he used when kicking the ball, it was meant to be powerful.
England is 🔵🔵🔵🔵🔵 and Europe will soon be too!! COYB
thanks for the vids and do this more so i can watch highlight in official accounts! #COYB
Zappacosta looks like the new Alonso! Now we just need a left wing back to compete with Alonso & a back up striker if Batman doesn't improve.
Zappa 🔥😍
common chelsea 👏👏👏👏
legenda em português
Epic goal from Zlatan!
Yeaa cmon CHELSEA ✌✌✌🔥🔥🔥🔥😎😎😎
Great win. But I just hope Cahill is on the bench for ALL big games in this season. Batshuayi too.
Cahill looks like busquets lol
Zappa Zappa Costa Zappa Costa costaaaaaaaaa
Zappacosta next ivanovic
Great work guys very entertains summary of this game. hopefully we will win it this year. come on Chelsea KTBFFH
we need more goals against Roma and Atletico de madrid
Zappacosta's goal should be a contender for the puskas award.
Legend in a making
There last night Shed End.. amazing night boys. Just got my tickets for the Roma game next month. Let's do this
Chelsea are firing on all cylinders.
Take us to Kiev!
See , Conte proved the world wrong by signing players that everyone thought would flop .When Bakayoko I thought he was gonna be benched but WOW .Then we have King ZAPACOSTA !
The content has improved loads! keep up the good work
i thought it was supposed to b a cross??
What a glorious goal by zappacostaaaaa !!!
1unlike from fans other club?😁
I think the manager is doing great and am very happy. Since I am celebrating 22yrs of supporting the blue's
CMON YOU BLUES!!! BEST LADS IN THE CL
What's the name of the Background song?  Love it!!!
Cant wait to see Chelsea get tested against a real team. We look very good rn
what a goal from zap
Like if u believe Chelsea will win the champions league
THANK YOU CHELSEA FOR LISTENING TO US AND BRINGING US WORLD CLASS CONTENT.\n\nSOON TO BE THE BEST FOOTBALL CLUB ON YOUTUBE!!!!
YESSSSS now we're showing game footage instead of just audios and pics!
If Morata played he can score two goals or a hatrick
Why I always wanted zappacosta to join Chelsea
Really good performance from the new players 👍
Thank you Chelsea for the great win. Keep up the good work. Is there a new song about Zappacosta yet? Something to do with goal of the season, please.
hope we can beat AS Roma and Atletico with the same score 😎😎😎 c'mon CHELSEA!!! #ktbffh
Amazing performance by the BLUES!! thanks!  Come on #CHELSEA #CFC
Chelsea Is the best #Blues
Zappacosta was brilliant
Start him over moses.
name of song?
classic zappacosta
вперед Челси
Come on Chelsea 💙
Zappacosta scored a beauty!
Brilliant start for Chelsea 🔥 Zappacosta is amazing 🔥 💪 😁
zappacosta.. panic buy.. alonso, panic buy.. luiz panic buy.. i wonder how drinkwater performance.. haha
One dislike, from Qarabag's goalkeeper
up chelsea
Increase the difficulty!
CHELSEA CHELSEA CHELSEA
It was a great goal by Zappacosta, but I got a feeling it was unintentional. I think he was going for a cross.  lol
BAKA
zappacosta nice goal..wow
great video
Decent vid 👍💙
Zap ⚡️
merci conte .et merci le nouveau Costa
We love chelsea😍
Why are we showing some of the goals, but others we have no clips for?
that 6-0 prediction
GOOOOL ZAPPACOSTA
C'mon blues
First
Chelsea fc cmon
zappacosta better than moses
Good win lads but don't get too happy , we have arsenal next. Hoping for the win
Great win boys. A few things i saw that need change. 1st cahill needs to.be benched in the 15th min he made another red card tackle. He is past it bench and sell in january. 2nd moses to the bench zappacosta is better imo. 3rd michyi isnt a good backup he did nothing until he scored. He doesnt read the plays that willian and pedro run at all. All in all good win. I saw keep back 3 same as last 3 pl games bench moses and start hazard vs arsenal. KTBFFH
Hope you being A.Cole 2.0 :)
WHO the hell is Qarabag??
Rudiger not that good when he play on right side of cb position.
Wills dad looks a lot like mortys dad
ang cute ni Alodia. 😄
00:10 did wil just kiss alodia? Omg
4 secs and wil is done hahaha
#3 ON TRENDING!!!!!! WATSAP FAM!
OMAYGAHD ALODIA AND WILL SOOOOOOO <3<3<3
Hello Stranger! hahaha
LOL. God bless you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP4p-9fHtTY& Alodia has mad skillz
43Ver❤️WiL👍take care her ❤️❤️❤️
what is haley drinking ?
https://youtu.be/2dY8fkO4img
Your dad is awesome
wil, nagiisa ka lng talaga..nobody can beat you...you are sooooo funny ...u made my day👍#1MilforWil
Oh...Wilodia nkkkilig nmn
HAHAHAHHA THIS VLOG MADE MY DAY 😂
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA WIL!
Tsong..happy 870 subs! 130 more to go yeyyyy
Is she alodia gosiengfiao?
get after OSHA at sutter st.
reality show pls.
OY! HOLDING HANDS KAYO DIYAN! #Wilodia
omg..this is my 10x watching of this vlog kaloka c datungputi hehehe.. #wilodia #dasofam
gling makisama ni alodia
ohmayghad wilodia is real
OMG 7:16... #WilOdia
Soon tsonggo-pao will run the vlog squad..
Wow Wilodia!  It's countdown! #1milforwil is inevitable. Anytime now. So fun watching you and Alodia's vlogs. 😍
Hope you give Alodia a chance to experience riding/driving a Tesla
I really love watching your vlogs kuya will. be strong.  God bless you.
My initial reaction is that Alodia will be adding a new bdj doll to her collection, a new action figure or a new cat. Need to wait and see
I think you guys would like Mandalay in the Richmond district - Burmese without the wait of Burma Superstar!  But if you're trying to go veg, check out Gracias Madre - the food is pretty damn good.
HAHAHAHA LOVED IT WIL, thanks for all your happiness and incredible vibes ♥♥♥
You guys are funny, it's so entertaining watching the daso family 😅
ok I'm starting to get confuse are u and Alodia dating?! like seriously skinship are over the top haha  not that I'm complaining heheheh love u two and u both looks great together.
Ok lang yan. The greatest legacy we can leave our children is happy memories... you have a family that sticks together so your children will be as happy as they can be. Dasovich legacy lives on!
really hoping it's not a clickbait. #wilodia😍😍
I love your dad. He's funny as shit.
Ok Alodia hat looks like she works at Jolibee 😂😭😭😭 I'm sorry 😂
Tip When doing the Lavange  - mix and chill the night before, more palatable. And keep the path to the topilet clear of innocent bystanders
Hahaha. Lmao.
one of the best vlog
when will used his left hand and touched alodia with his left hand........ hahahahah
Go to shabusen restaurant in Japan town it's one of the best hot pot places I've been to atleast in sf. And there's parking right next to it where the fee is typically low. Just make sure you go at the hours they open because they close before dinner.
how's the chinita girl?
Guys, please answer this, are they a couple now, like bf and gf?
Watched this for the nth time 😂😂
Wait I'm confused so who is Alodia?
Hey Wil! So happy we FaceTimed earlier today! Praying for you everyday, like you were my brother! The first blog I ever watched was speaking Beki - Art of Tagalog!
well wil i have to say, you just touch alodia with the hand you used back there..i was laughing hard watching this. 😂😂
I watched this vlog 4 times already! Waiting for the new one to be uploaded 😊😊happy for u Wil!
Greens restaurant- all vegetarian restaurant in SF
This dude needs to take Mangosteen juice EVERY DAY until his cancer is gone!\n\nhttps://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0095CZ3Y2/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1&tag=wwwwarriorsof-20\nREPLY
Hey Wil!   🥗 🍔 🌭🌮🍜🍱🍝🥙🍖\n\n- Check out San Tung on Irving in the city for some dry fried wings.  Must have!\n\n- Tony's pizza at North Beach.  \n\n-- PPQ on Irving for more Pho. \n\n If u do go can u pls do a  food vlog and of course a shoutout.  Thanks in advance \n-ABBIE from SF.   Happy Eating!   🍗 🍱 🍣 🍪 🍩
I wish you don't have cancer
bagay naman sila
Get well soon wil🙏🙏🙏
Alodia so pretty
Haley you could also  chill it first and drink it with lemon lime soda for better taste
I love your family , God bless you all.
http://MoneyisMust.com/?refcode=23282
WTF Left Hand hahahaha #Wilodia cant imagine hahaha
, , ,so very sweet , , ,\n, # wilodia, ,
https://youtu.be/GAhG1D-EGYg\n\nPls chck
WILODIA FOREVER
StaystrongWILODIA!
iphone vlog https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzpL0hcWmXWlsGkNlz3Zs_Q/videos
Best...click...bait...EVER! Lol\n\nFunny ass vlog kuya.
Dami kong tawa hahaa
HAHAHAHAHA GO WIL!! 😂 love u
omg hhahaha ily wil!
#wilodia
Hahahahaha! Toinks
😍😍😍😍
Wilodia!!! ♥️♥️♥️♥️
MY WILODIA HEART OMG
5:14 😍 you're welcome!
napping wil in elodia lap  make me cry...sweetness overload
wilodia is real ,.
Follow a vegan diet! Food is your medicine, I really hope you get well soon. ✌🏼
Your dad drinks on almost all of your videos.
Why do you need to watch the video? Alodia can help, lol.
I have watched a lot of your vids but this is the first time I got kiligggggs with you and Alodia. So sweet. Your family is so cool as well haha
omg!!! voting for this two to be a lover
Just be careful on what you eat Wil because thats where the cancer came from.., seriously Alodia is so kawaii
is it alright if I ask what's wrong with Haley? Sorry I don't know help T_T
if it gets on the floor! hahaha
Wil you look like taylor lautner with your look. Now you're half tsonggo half lobo 😜
Hahaha.. i love it when you say am not in the mood. 😂😂😂😂
The best decision you've made :)
Your future baby will have maraming lahi. 😁 Pinoy,American and maybe Chinese and Spanish 😍💓 #wilodia
This is hilarious and kilig at the same time. My feels at wilodia! 😂😍
lels. i could not stop laughing and being excited at he same time. i usually watch you vlogs with my twins boys, they are pretty much excited with your progress and with the Wilodia love story and all the hyperness in very vlog (they are amazed to 'meet' someone as hyper as them haha) but you know what, they aint watching this one haha, they keep on asking when are you going to marry alodia hahaha cause theyd like to meet your kids lmao
I see you took my advice! Awesome! Here's some more young man... https://www.facebook.com/damianmarley/videos/1608615609177313/?hc_ref=ARS_yus1GOqtqO90L8biBYj4zErC-8V9kwWBXYLJzYqGh_zBxW3SoAKWp1N8m7KZsYU&fref=gs&hc_location=group
Just curious, you dont need seatbelts in the US?
Congratulations po kuya will love you so much
SUB TO SUB? SMALL YOUTUBER LANG PO ❤
This was your most CREEEPY vid ever, Wil. I can see you taking Alodia with you, but taking your MOTHER and SISTER with you was just weird! And having your sister ask you if you were done jacking off and praising you for doing a good (hand) job gave me the shivers. I mean, do you and your father accompany your sister to her doctor for PAP smear day and praise her for stirrup flexiblity? I did learn something new by your porn selection...you've got a thing for blondes. Haha
What's that liquid haley had to chug? What's it for?
I'm loving his supportive family 💜
*Brilliants can sound like insanity to stupid people.*
He just say superman and he stuck in the matrix
Is he just fucking around?
Something very devastating is in the works
He's completely right, but this perspective is extremely detrimental ones sense of happiness and mental well being. It's fun to toy around with for a while and laugh at how clueless most people are, but you eventually reach a point where you either have to kill yourself or accept the way society is and just make the most of your life.
Lol, love Jim he confused the hell out of that self absorbed ego drivin chick. Awesome work jim
Sometimes the greatest sacrifice you can make is to just shut your mouth and let others live their happy lives.
Guys, all jokes aside can we please make sure that Jim is ok? This is some cry for help level shit and everyone just wants to laugh and make jokes. Do you want to wake up to headlines about him being dead? Because this is the precursor to that kind of shit.
I hope he's alright.
We dont matter thats the good news
Nihilism is one of lucifer's main tools. Used to rationalize murder, death & all sorts of acts against God.
A man is no one, attending a party for nothing, only thing that matters is the faceless god.
She has such a meaningless look...
DAMN MY BOY JIM CARREY IS LIVING IN A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PLANE OF EXISTENCE THAN ALL OF US.  FUCKING EXISTENTIAL.
Looks like Jim skipped the red and blue pills, and went to the sugar pill. The placebo.
The translation of Jim Carrey: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuM9g4ah9JY
What has happened to Jim?
how do we sell advertising space LETS MAKE AN AWARD AND ANYONE THAT DOES NOT SHOW UP WILL SEAM UNGREATFUL! ITS PERFICT! AHHAHAHAHAHAHA
he must have found out he's of the tribe of Amalek
On the good foot! HYAHHK!
Jim Carrey is speaking some truth. I heard he's been taking acid for a role, and whether this is part of that or he's just speaking his personal truth, I find this to be honest and downright refreshing to see someone in the spotlight being so blunt. Jim, you're a goddamn genius and I love everything you said. No one should give a shit about icons while our planet and country are this sick. Our energy could be allocated in so many more productive ways. Bravo.
Jim .... welcome to new life ;)
it is not our world, it does not matter. because the world is ruled by bankers power people, we live in a consumer society of egos, greed etc.
Love Jim Carrey his intellect and self awareness is wonderful I. Loved the way he dealt with the tits and teeth airhead presenter who obviously takes this shit seriously.
...and yeah, I don't care. So awesome!
This bitch is the crazy one. Blind
I wanna be this high
Hes just in a actor mode
This bitch doesn't even know what a tetrahedron is 😂😂
He's obviously high as a kite
soon jim carrey will be pronounce dead by committing suicide....
Don't hate the reporter cause she's hotter than you
Two time golden globe Jim Carrey...\nMan it would be such an honor to sit down with him have a talk about life and existence. Jim Carrey is the best
Fuck Jim. He's just a cluster of tetrahedrons
He has found the truth, I support you man and hope I soon be ablo to join you in the other side of the darkness and bright
ON THE GOOD FOOT, HA!!!
He's challenging the NWO he doesn't give a shit. And besides that Hollywood is bullshit. Love you Jim.
He was being real, Hollywood is all so fake and he's exposing it in a quite odd way but still....
Is this silly cunt really surprised that a seasoned celebrity can see right through the illusion of celebrity? Not to mention, the superficial cuntery she worships, that is Fashion Week?
One of the few red pilled celebrities out there that I can respect. I've noticed for awhile he's been very jaded at the world and the way the movie industry is because if you think about it, the film industry is a very weird and dark place to work for
A comedian has become no one...valar morghulis
man Jim took some psychedelics thats for sure.
Seriously this was beautiful. I get it Jimmy boy, I get it!
The fuck is this amazing man talking about? lol
Jim Carrey SPEAKING THE TRUTH ABOUT HOLLYWOOD lmao 😂
SHE has NO clue ! ha !
Hi world people. I just wanna say that I just loooove Jim words, but I even love more that all comments here are supporting him, not just because I'm agree with him or because is Jim Carrey or whatever, but because people get him and totally understands what he's trying to say even with the girl trying to minimize him. This brings me a little more hope for the world. \n\nSorry for my not-expert-english jaja. Regards from Venezuela.
When he edibles kick in.
He definitely believes in something greater outside our perception of attainable peace!
He knows its all a meaningless illusion. All genius creative people come to this conclusion. Just saw 'End of the tour,' about David Foster Wallace. This writer sums up the meaninglessness of awards ceremonies. 'Is this who we are? A binge-watching, technologically-sedated mass with an almost religious conviction that instant celebrity and spiritual contentment are one and the same. “Is this who we are?” is a question that will not be getting asked on this year’s red carpet. The questions asked will remain the same empty, salivating ones that were asked on last year’s red carpet: “Tell us about that designer outfit you have on, how surprised were you to be nominated, and of course who do you think will win?” We already know what the stock answers will be: “It’s such an honor to be here. A dream come true. Wish me luck.” The End of the Tour ends with a plaintive cry into this celebrity-obsessed wilderness. ' http://www.huffingtonpost.com/allen-callaci/the-oscars-get-it-all-wrong_b_9015408.html \nSo Jim Carey isnt crazy, he's just on the same page as every one else who's realised the meaninglessness of entertainment obsessed culture. we're gonna have to develop some real machinery inside our guts... to turn off pure, unalloyed pleasure. Or, I don't know about you, I'm gonna have to leave the planet. 'Cause the technology is just gonna get better and better. And it's gonna get easier and easier... and more and more convenient and more and more pleasurable... to sit alone with images on a screen... given to us by people who do not love us but want our money. And that's fine in low doses, but if it's the basic main staple of your diet, you're gonna die. - David Foster Wallace
Wtf...\nExistential crisis?  \nHe has become quite an ideologue after all...
He just owned that girl hahahaha damn
I want to believe it but he's only maybe half right. We do matter. If we didn't we wouldn't even be. Someone or something needs us. So tell that whatever if it needs me... I need it or you to give back what i want
Hmm...he might be just trying to get with her...
He sounds off the only thing off is the title of this video
jim carrey is on another level of thinking its too much for these braindead interviewers he did some trolling on her funny it was
I actually respect him MORE now. People nowadays are foolish, and he's one of the few who truly acknowledges what we came to be.
Get past your group hatred of the fashion industry, and realize how odd his outlook is. He's saying that life is inconsequential and that people aren't real.
got to agree, why do people care about this dumb shit
I don't believe in icons......
I LOVE YOU JIM CARREY!
You can do what you want to do..........in living color
He's saying that there is no me or you. We are all energy. We are all one.
Jim is reaching astronomical levels of wokeness
Even though he may have a point he sounds like an ass. What kind of drugs is he on?
Life is pointless until you find the weird side of youtube
Damn he got ahold of some strong ass shrooms.
Well , he just telling the truth about Hollywood , everything is just fake
Good for Jjim Càrrey.  Icons are stupid and people aren't important as they think. Biggest news is none of those icons have done a damn thing to make a better world,
Wow!! Let me tell you that you exist, that you are who you are because God decided to create you, you exist because of love, love that emanates all around you, from your family, from your friends, even people you don't even know. You are so special you don't realise how much, because you live for a purpose, for something important, for the good of humankind and all the existence that surrounds us. Don't let the teachings of The New Age fool you. The Lord can guide you to peace and thru love, Jesus Crist is the answer.
Wow... his skin got all wrinkly. All those bizarre facial contortions he'd make finally caught up with him because he's not that old. The so-called 'rubber-faced' actor... well, not anymore.
LOL! Jim reveals Hollywood and it's BIZARRE obsession with itself; Stand up job. P.S. Do another Ace Ventura...Pleaseeeeee..
He knows that we don't own this world........Raptilian aliens do 😲😲😲
Dude is losing it.
Anyone else see FRED carpet?
Omg, she sucks. \nLOVE YOU JIM.
0:01 circles prey
Jim is scaring me, this shit is freaky
She mindfuck that poor superficial reporter
Jim Carreys conscious...... R u?? 😈
Good trolling LOL
She annoys me.
Jim Carrey the realest nigga in hollywood!
OMG, what drugs does he do lol
good
She looks so Fucking triggered
He definitely knows something we dont. 🤔
red pilled af
Jim ❤️
Hahaha when he just randomly started singing
Jim Carrey is Morpheus
Nihilist Jim Carrey is my favorite meme now
So fucking redpilled
LOLOLOL! He's awesome!
Icons = 😂
Truman Show go Jim
i fucking love him omg haha
TGSNT.TV
Zrozumialem tylko to ,ze PiS jest super partia w Polsce...i trzyma z daleka od polskich granic nachodzcow.... bravo 😆😆
he's fucking high or something
I don't consider this a celebrity makeup line. I consider it a legit makeup line that happened to be created by a celebrity.
Omg what lashes is she wearing??? 😍
perfect foundation shade yasss
Love your channel ❤️❤️
Fenty Beauty looked gorgeous on you!
The gloss....so good
Girl you're trending
you're like a whole other ethnicity now
When you're outside do you have a filter on your camera?
I love the trending tab all makeup and celebs \n\n\n\nnot gaming or comedy
I just ordered this foundation for myself from all the reviews of fenty beauty foundations this foundation looks like it was made just for me, the most perfect one. I'm so excited to receive it.
Can you do a video of your favorite brushes for foundation, eyes etc? I'm trying to find a great foundation brush that doesn't leave texture/print on the skin after blending. Thanks!
We are the same shades! Get 240 :)
I just realized we use the same shade in Estee Lauder Double Wear! I knew it was Shell Beige but not the number of it. This is going to help me so much with your foundation reviews. I believe you're the only youtuber that matches me! Thanks girl!❤️❤️
hello anybody want to fry some eggs I am so dead Amy!!!
You should definitely buy the brushes their amazing!
Like hello anyone wanna get some eggs 😂
What's the brush you used to highlight?
i love love ur review thank u for sharing with us ❤
I also got shade 300 but i wanted a shade darker than myself (tanner), not too much that it looks weird though, anyways I feel like it looks a little orange on me so maybe I should go to 290 instead! On you it looks orange too I wouldn't say its darker so maybe we both should get shade 290! But I should say it is also the lighting where you filmed because when you were outside it looked just fine! \nps. I'm so happy I finally found someone who is the same shade as me haha :)
Tbh I think this foundation is AMAZING !!! I personally love it cuz I have supper oily skin and it held up for me all day.. I loveee how it looks on you. looks sooooo flawless <3 nice review overall tho ! would love to see a follow up with your shade
The gloss looks too sticky... i've noticed that on so many other people's videos as well like you can see the stringy-ness when opening and pressing your lips together to speak. That's the only thing from this collection i wouldn't purchase just because of that
Maybe its drying dark because u added a second layer
She does not even need makeup
You look orange you need a way lighter color!
You are sooo stunning Amy 😍
her eyes... wow
Your skin is flawless 😍
Hey babe, You're Trending!!
It looks good 😊
17:15
favorite review by far! ❤️❤️
😍😍😍😍
Try 280 love!
YESSSSS SISSSS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR YOUR REVIEW!!!!!!
❤️❤️❤️
I like your vlog style check ins ❤️
Everything looks so stunning on you, you're making me want to put on a full face of Fenty Beauty again!
what shade would you reccomand if your golden sand in the loral true match?
So is the foundation worth it? I always wear estee lauder double wear but looking for something new to try.. what's the next best thing???? Hahaha
Even tho the shade dried darker your skin look FLAWLESS, girl!!! You just made Sephora take all my money 😩😩 love love love
THAT CREAM BRONZER LOOKS SOOO GOOD ON YOU! I kinda wanna try it now! I've never done cream bronzer.. hmmm
Thank you! I can always count on u for foundation color since we're litterally the same foundation color in almost every product. And when I heard 300 I said yep that's what I was gnna get
Will you just get on with it
What's on your nails???? Love it
I think Trophy Wife highlighter would've looked really nice on you.
OMH, literally every check in your skin looked AIRBRUSHED! SO amazing! I need this foundation in my life.
Is anybody an NC20 in Mac that can give me there shade in the fenty beauty foundation??
Idk if it's just me but it looks like the side you used Rihanna's sponge on, the foundation appeared a little lighter while the other side looked a little darker. But when you used the beauty blender on both sides, it looked good lol. The foundation looks great on you though.
Your video is on the TRENDING PAGE!!!! 🤙💋
This looks like a great video, but after you are done would you be kind enough to check out my new YouTube channel and give me some feedback? Maybe even subscribing? ;) https://youtu.be/BhQob6WW-TQ
Stunning like always ! Thank you for this really informative review !
How many times can one person say the word Smooth!!!!!!
You're one of my favorite YouTubers 😍❤️
The filter you used at the end was crazy
I just want to take this moment to tell you that you are so beautiful and articulate. I love how in depth you get on products. You're such a great YouTube. I love how down to earth and humble you are. Also your bare skin looks really good.
Not usually a commenter however I noticed on the last first impressions for foundation you did, people's in the comments kept saying how they wished you applied a lighter layer first and did a wear test. \nThough I don't agree, cause I'm all about that cake too girl! I think that you doing both of those things in the video just once again proves why you're videos are the best. Really listening to your viewers and giving us what we ask for. Reinforces that you're the most trust worthy guru <3
Thanks so much for sharing your shades in different brands. Really helps a lot!!!
It looked so smooth on your skin 😍😍😍😍
Am I crazy or did this fenty sponge eat half of your foundation? 😄
Now I have to buy the lipgloss🤣😍
I feel like you applied the contour/bronzer a lot better than most reviews I watched. Loved the idea of rubbing it on the brush first :) Since it does tug a bit on the face because of the waxy texture.
love your videos amy, as always ♥️♥️
I went to Sephora to mainly get the Fenty foundation,  but they're sold out of the 3 colors I could wear.  It was like Black Friday in there, crazy!  So I got the lipgloss and the \nhighlighter duo in Ginger Binge & Moscow Mule. I will eventually get the foundation
I bought the universal gloss bomb this past Saturday and I wear it every single day lol. It smells like watermelon jolly ranchers. That's the scent you were looking for lol. I applied it on my channel too. I love the shade on my lips so much ❤
Rihanna murdered that other brand!!! Seriously, they knew idiots will go out and spend anyways. who puts 0.9g in a tube and sell it for $30.
I'm so glad you did a review.  I was hoping you would.  I've seen several others,  but you are certainly my go to. My make up collection is what it is because of your input. So thank you!
Loved your video. What brand eye lashes do you wear my daughter would love these.
Maybe your is shade 290, more neutral with a mix of olive tones. I had to go to Sephora to get color matched because what I thought was my shade was a hot mess when I tried it in store. Lol
Did you set your face with anything?
Glad to see a review with my color skin tone as I use 107 for L'Oréal too ... will make it easier for me to go pick up my new foundation... can't wait !!
U look so good even w out make up love u
THANK YOU for using the beauty blender with this foundation! I'm so sick of every review using the fenty sponge when we alllll know that the beauty blender is always gonna be the ride or die
Yes the foundation is Oxidizing. But I love matte foundation because I'm a oily person.
I would love to see you try a new lip color! All of your looks are so beautiful but only incorporate one or two shades of lipstick. It'd be awesome to see you try all kinds of different colors. It was great to see you try lipgloss too!
Did you end up finding the right foundation colour?
Fenty beauty really hit the mark with being inclusive with this line. I love seeing super pale and super deep girls getting excited about a line that's catered to them. The gloss I think is my fav, I love universal colours that look amazing on everyone!
the foundation matched the rest of your body, and the fenty blender application was so flawless...
I WAS HOPING YOU WERE GONNA TRY TROPHY WIFE 😭... PLEASE TRY IT
THANK YOU for saying your foundation shades in SO many foundations!!!! Biggest pet peeve is when youtubers don't mention the shade they buy in a foundation
I love u Amy but make ur videos shorter they r way too long babe 😘🙏🏼
The fenty sponge worked better...I noticed a difference in the application
We're about the same shade in MAC (I'm a NC35) and I wear a 250 in the foundation
Your foundation looks a bit oompa-loompa-ish
Love the collection, and the blotting powder; hopefully if she grows the collection she will do various shades of a setting powder. \nThanks for the review love!
The egg part 😂\nLove love love your videos🙌🏼💖\nEverything looks super good on you!!!
Your skin looks beautiful with this foundation omg
No hate, just seems that this makeup makes you look splotchy and dirty?  Anyone?
i'm a nc24 in mac what shade should i get ?
What's your real shade reference that really matches your face? Are you like an nc20 from mac? I just want to pick a shade thank you :)
Yes please do a shade update!! I wear Too Faced Born this Way in Sand 😊 300 looked a lil too dark 😕
WHAT LASHES IS SHE WEARING
Here's a close up of the foundation. *still waiting*
Would you suggest going a shade lighter since it looked like it oxidized?
what brush did you use to highlight ???
Where's your clear brushes are from 🤗?
Why have not ever subscribed to you, its a crime that i'm this late, you did a fantastic job.  I loved all the information you gave, I loved how you showed how to fix the problem.  You are very good at what you do.  Plus you are stunning with or without makeup.
Omg when you went to finish your make up your make up looks so good with the lashes. Looking bomb!
It looks so pretty on you.
(((Homosexuality is an abomination before a Holy God. If they dont repent and stop doing this sinful act they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Are they going to be lovers of their flesh more then lovers of their God/Creator??? And here is the scriptural Proff in the scriptures)))...  \nThen the Lord said, The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is so great and their sins so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as bad as the outcry that has reached me, if not, I will know. (Genesis 18:20-21). Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom-Both young and old-surrounded the house. They called to lot, Where are the men, (Two Angels), who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them. (Genesis 19:4-5). Get out of our way, They replied. And they said, This fellow, (Angels), came here as alien, and now they want to play the judge we'll treat you worse than them.  They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door. But the men/Angels inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door. Then the Men/Angels struck the men who were at the door of the house young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door. (Genesis 19:9-11). The Angels said to Lot, Get your relatives out of here, Because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it. (Genesis 19:12-13).\n\nDo not lie with a man as one lies with a women; it is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22). If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have committed an abomination. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:13). A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for all that do so are an abomination unto the Lord thy God. (Deuteronomy 22:5). There were even Sodomites in the land; The people engaged in all the abomination practices of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites. (1 Kings 14:24).\n\n Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, as his father David had done. He expelled the Sodomites from the land and got rid of all the idols his fathers had made. (1 Kings 15:11-12). He rid the land of the rest of the Sodomites who remained there even after the reign of his father Asa. (1 Kings 22:46). He also tore down the quarters of the Sodomites that were by the house of the Lord and where women did weaving for Asherah. (2 Kings 23:7). No one who has been emasculated/castrated by cutting or crushing the male sex organ may enter the assembly of the Lord. (Deuteronomy 23:1).\n\nGod gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. (Romans 1:26-27). (Homosexual/Sodomite sympathizers), although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things, but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:32). Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the fornicators, nor idolaters nor adulterers nor Homosexual/Effeminate/Sodomites nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11). That the law is not made for a righteous person, but for the lawless and insubordinate, for the ungodly and for sinners, for the unholy and profane, for murders of fathers and mothers, for manslayers, for fornicators, for Sodomites, for kidnappers, for liars, for perjurers, and if there is any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine. ( 1 Timothy 1:9-10). Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to fornication and going after strange flesh, (Homosexual/Sodomites). They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire. (Jude 7). Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers in the world, to abstain from fleshly desires, which war against your souls. (1 Peter 2:11).\n\n Everyone that is Proud in heart is an Abomination to the Lord: though they join forces, none will go unpunished. (Proverbs 16:5). Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. (Proverbs 16:18). To fear the Lord is to hate evil; I hate pride and arrogance, evil behavior and perverse speech. (Proverbs 8:13). He (God) beholdeth all high things: He (Satan) is a king over all the children of pride. (Job 41:34). God opposed the Proud but gives grace to the humble. (James 4:6).\n\nThe look on their faces testifies against them; they parade their sin like Sodom; they do not hide it, Woe to them! They have brought disaster upon themselves. (Isaiah 3:9). God is just: He will pay back to those who trouble you, and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when The Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful Angel punishing those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out of the presence of the Lord. (2 Thessalonians 1:7-9). Call on to Jesus for forgiveness and He will set you free and be your God. Jesus said: Unless you are born again, (With the Holy spirit), you cannot enter the Kingdom of God. (John 3:3).\n\nJesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Parish. (Luke 13:3). Don't you know that you yourself are Gods temple and that God spirit lives in you? If anyone destroys God's temple, God will destroy them; For Gods temple is sacred, and you are that temple. (1 Corinthians 3:16-17). So if the Sodomite commit, or anyone by that matter commit suicide and not repent of their sins. Jesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Perish. (Luke 13:3).\n\nThey will be cast into outer darkness. Where there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and the fire is never quenched. Jesus said in, (Luke 13:28), (Matthew 13:42), (Matthew 25:29-30), (Matthew 8:12), (Matthew 22:13), (Mark 9:48).\n\nSee Jesus always talked about Hell, but people never wanted to talk or hear about it. Always love love love. But people are going to find out about Gods wrath the hard way if they keep going to these false ministers and living in Sin.\n\nJesus said: Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the son of man. (Luke 6:22). Jesus said: Woe to you when all men speak well of you, for that is how their fathers treated the false Prophets. (Luke 6:26). Jesus said: If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. (John 15:18). Jesus said: If you belong to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world that is why the world hates you. (John 15:19).\n\nAm I now trying to win the approval of men, or of God? Or am I trying to please men? If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ. (Galatians 1:10).\n\nJesus said: the world does not hate you, but It hates me because I testify its works are evil. (John 7:7).\nJesus said: Nevertheless I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, the comforter/Holy spirit will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you, and when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of Judgment: of sin, because they believe not on me. (John 16:7).\n\nTopheth ,(Hell), has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the king (Satan). Its fire pit has been made deep and wide with an abundance of fire and wood; the breath of the Lord, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze. (Isaiah 30:33).  \n\nJesus said: Then he will say to those on his left. Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. (Matthew 25:41).\n\nThis is not a hate speech, this is love speech. Please don't trample on the Blood of Jesus. He wants to save you and set you free. I love each and every one of you, just like Jesus did on the cross for you and me.
And blacks wonder why they live in segregated areas like apartheid South Africa. You have to live apart from these animals and have loaded guns at all times if you do live in black areas. I had a cousin that lived in a black neighborhood and was burglarized 3 times in one year, and all 3 times the blacks broke in while they were asleep./
Looting in a time of crisis is low, real low but looting for sneakers...pmsl. whats the world coming to? Ice cube said it best.... blacks will always sing the blues...cuz all we care about is hairstyles and tennis shoes
What color are the looters? Almost always  black...hmmm\nNo matter if it is USA, Haiti, South Africa or UK.....says something about set of mind.
They're actually repossessing what's theirs rightfully theirs from multi million dollar corporations.
Honestly the black community has a real problem with stealing, better parenting is needed
Oh look at that blacks stealing shit that ain't theirs..... now that's something you don't see everyday....
Now that's something I would not do... BUT if there was a nice looking 75 inch 4k TV just sitting nicely on display!! Cough cough..
Maybe you could also report this....White Looters, absolutely sickening the bias reporting, yet again\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48dF7nv_rC8
I could understand if it was food, but trainers and TVs?
Every single one is black....shocker
I like how you White People are now generalising a WHOLE RACE based on the activities of some people in America. You guys are truly Close minded idiots as they say.
I'd probably loot as well ngl
Why is everyone so quick to say black people. Don't brand us all. They are few in a crowd of many.
Terrible, at times like this we need to come together not steal
This is what they meant by the storms take everything away, it doesn't actually take it, it manipulated the darkness to do its bidding
Black people would steel dead people if they where getting money for them. now I'm not saying all black people but in over all black people are the lowest form of people around the world
Is there anyone else that is just bored with race and racism altogether? whenever I see anything to do with race and racism I just sigh and move on. \n\n Derogatory words are B O R I N G. Black lives matter and other race movements are B O R I N G. White supremacy is B O R I N G. Unoriginal stereotypes and prejudices are B O R I N G. Blah blah blah.\nSeriously the racists need to smarten up and stop being so stupid, and then, the annoying ass sjws and protestors can fuck off as well! Then we can live in a slightly less shitty world, where perceptions and discussions of race arent shoved down every hole in our bodies.
STOP, please stop with all the racism,these people were actually saving businesses,from the wrath of Irma,look at At the shoes they saved,they should have been on CNN heroes,I mean come on Would you have bought wet shoes from those Foot Lockers?These people risk there lives to save those businesses,while the Whites, Hispanics,and Asians were to scared to save those businesses,they were  hunkered down in there homes👍👍👍
There all black. Not being racist.
Shit ton of racists in the comments.
Not all blacks commit crimes but for those that do, you let yourselves and your people down by being awful ambassadors. Understand that when Whites commit crimes, they don't get tarnished because they control and manipulate the media to their liking and bias. Your people don't have that luxury so you have to be better than whites. Look at the Asian and Indian Americans as example.
You call it looting, i call it rescuing
Its always the black people. I am not rasict but like 90% are black...
When you gotta grab dem fresh j's
How do you know that the blacks don't have bread in those shoe boxes
This is Satan,who brain washed them otherwise they are innocent souls...
This is racist showing black people taking advantage of a natural disater too steal......
This is sad af
There was a hurricane..they better stole food instead of shoes
Fake news! This is clearly a bunch of kids trying to save the shops from  approaching flood water
why are they all black...
What absolute scum. When they are traced, caught and dealt with I hope they are made an example of.
This is ALL the evil white man's fault.
Why white people don't participate? This is so Racist.
Scum! Hope they get a sensible punishment
Funny that JewBC allows bashing comments about blacks stealing but when it comes to comments about Israel murdering children they delete them and disable comments LOL\nJewBC at it again.
All Black people, Then they ask why... come on on black people defend you're self against video evidence and show how stupid you are buy saying things like... \n\n1. Maybe you're lacking intelligence but most black people live normal lives and this video only shows a few black people. Don't condemn the whole race for a few people.\n\n2.Plenty of white people been doing this too, but when they do it they're scavenging for supplies.\n\n Oh yeah sure.... bla bla bla... people are losing there life and you just want to get them adidas trainers.\nDon't matter what you say, it can't beat video evidence.\nShould be ashamed of them self's.
Black kid: Daddy, daddy. We have no food or water, help us\nFather: Fuck that, I'm gettin my self some Jordans\n\nEhh.. Who am I kidding, black kids don't have fathers
They are not black people looting they are idiot criminals, no matter what race they are, white people steal too.
Not surprised it's a bunch of black people 😂😂😂 I'm black my self so stfu
Funny how you barely see one white person stealing the shit
Is this the leaked planet of the apes 2018???
They saved limited edition Jourdans from flood damage, we should be applauding their bravery
Its a fact that blacks commit about 50% of the crime yet they're only about 13% of the population.
Wow \nYou could fry an egg off the heat in this comment section.
idiots.they'll still be arrested afterwards!
They dindu nuffin, criminally taking advantage of a natural disaster is just part of their nature.
The video must be racist, they are ALL black. Thanks BBC for showing us what we already know.
Stop generalising a whole race for what they are doing ,I read about a white man who  raped a chihuahua, you don't see me telling everyone to hide dogs from white people or literally hating on their whole race
Im not racist but ummmmm well video explains itself
Blacks taking something that doesn't belong to them? I never.
Where the hell are they going to put all this shit while there house is more then likely blown half way across the state? I hope they are at least going to sell them to help rebuild their house or to give to people who have lost everything. I highly doubt it tho.
Notice how they are black
Forget the racist BLM !! What a shining example to society these black people are. Whilst everyone is huddled in schools and basements, scared of being killed by this hurricane, these brave black people are putting their lives on the line to save their local shops stock from the hurricane, so they can buy things with their hard earned money from their 50hr a week jobs, once the hurricane has passed. Noticed, even when the police turned up, they didn't even stop for the police to give them a standing ovation for their bravery, they carried on running in and out of shops saving tv's/trainers the LOT !!
How pathetic. In times like this the community should come together and be at its closest.\n\nBut instead , a few idiots, decide to go stealing. SMH .
Why are they all blacks
Was this filmed with a FLIR camera ?
No offence but why are they all black? Just saying i am sorry for offending u in anyway if i did
People trolling and making racist comments have no life lmao
The irony of the British media catching looters..when All the world knows the biggest thug and theif is the united kingdom!!
That's why I always say black life matters
Before u judge u should know they needed those Adidas to survive.
PewDiePie must not comment on this video.
The land of freedom and human rights. What a disgrace!!
It's every day bro
I'd love be there and just shoot the thieves,it would be such fun
I would actually do the same  thing but do it in walmart and get as many cereal boxes as I can.....oh and potatoes.
Why is it always black people? Why are there no WHITE/BROWN people looting?
They're all black huh...
It is just sad what their values are.  I'd like to know what kind of house each one of these people live in.  I'd like to know what they drive.  I'd like to know how deep they are in debt.  I'd like to know if they have jobs, checking account or savings.  I'd like to know if they are on welfare and their level of education.  Their values are so different from the majority of the people in the US.  They are 200 years behind.
Look at all those white ppl stealing...
Do not comdemn the whole of the race. AS LONG AS THERE IS ONE PERSON DOING THE RIGHT THING YOU CANNOT CONDEMN THE WHOLE RACE. (most of these  comments are people saying racist shit and they have the audacity to not act like this off their keyboard) fuck outta here. Think for me - would you say this shit in front of a black person in real life? No? Thought so.
When black Friday hits early
Pricks
Oh look, black people stealing.
THERE ALL BLACK . . .
Black lives matter...
Black Looters Matter!
Dis iz ovviusly white peepul folt wake up peepul! They dindu nuffin
Lol
TriHard Mine now TriHard
All black arses as usual
Black lives matter.
https://youtu.be/aX86l4sXGWI
Glass half full IMO
PICKIN COTTON....on another level.
Typical
ofcourse they're black
#blacklivesmatter
Racist
#Blacklootersmatter
Oh look all niggerz
BBC \n\nBRITISH BORN CHRISTENAN
Dindu's
So White people as always trying to pin the blame on black people, or should I say white men trying to pin the blame it is so obvious that white men don't want to lose their wealth and power so they make the hurricane happen to make black people look bad.
Look at all those evil white looters...
oh look..... all black! Not one white person looting! This is proof that they are animals!
I came here to see the comments, too much republicucks and libtards fighting each other. And the black people? Well they don't really seem to give a shit.
Im not racist. Were are the white looters.
Can everyone just stop for a minute and  just think about what you're about to write, because what you write now, may have an impact on somebody else's life. I agree these black people are disgusting for what they did and they should be locked up, but this doesn't mean all black are . People shouldn't be judged based on the actions of few ignorant people.
You could do the last week sketches like 2 or 3 a week maybe
I would enjoy a last week podcast.
Last week...TOM WENT SWIMMING AND MADE GOAT NOISES THE END
8:32 there is a man drinking directly from the bottle not giving a shut while Tom is walking
Tom we still have ice cream tacos in the US. I feel like you've missed a lot of opportunities for that
hey tom i like ur stuff and everytime im sad i watch ur stuff\n\njus wanted u to know this\n\nok bye
8:50\n\nI need that shirt.\n\nWhere can I get it?! I need that shirt!!!
Why don't you have weekly videos of you opening mail and the submitted sketches, you can spend way more time on it
Wow. Someone who hates Jesus more than Jehovah's Witnesses do
Are your parents back together?
I'm really sorry about this but you use to be so skinny man...
Just do Last Week. You lazy ************* ;)
I'm sick of watching and listening to privileged cunts
this is my first time watching your videos, you come across as like a really nice down to earth guy. I kinda like these simple/quick kinda vlogs
Originally, I was on board with the podcast idea, but, after reflecting on what I personally like about Last Week, I found that I most enjoy the quick succession of entertaining cuts to random events or comments that happen throughout the day. A podcast would have its moments, but I feel that the entertainment value of the visual jokes and the (probably previously-thought-out) cuts to Tom & Co.'s random quips every now and then give Last Week a unique, funny feel, that I don't personally find in many other vlog series, wouldn't be there in a podcast. Personally, I think, as a replacement for Last Week, you should do a bi-weekly or monthly vlog series. I don't want to lose that feel I get from this series or the excitement I have when I see a new upload that just won't be present with a static, talky podcast.\n\nI commend you for making it to the end of this wall of text, and I hope others agree with me. Thanks, Tom, (& friends) for making a super entertaining, awesome series that is definitely one of the highlights of my week.
i-i miss edd :(
When Tom hates water
Go to Romania it's a good country
i would be super interested in a pms!
Please dont end last week i super enjoy it and love it
Winner Tacos were my favourite growing up too! People always thought I was insane when I described it amd kept on claiming that I was just misremembering Maxibons.
Tom! You look identical my maths teacher and my maths teacher is even named Thomas.
I like podcasts, but it's gonna be a lot different regardless of what you do, gonna miss seeing all these people every week.
Tbh, I would love to see more you improving skits in public
13:20 When two of my 'soul type' get together it pretty much is a simplified enactment of weirdmageddon, were it is just a feed back loop of weirdness and slightly creepy laughter that takes over any space its in and it just becomes a cacophony of the unusual, and unstable.
podcast is fun, but you need to have guests to come on, like charlie or sammy. cause I watch this to see how your week was and I love the cameos of your friends.
Is ave maria just the theme song of Italy or something?
I want spammers to reply to this so that I can report them easier.
I really enjoy vlogs so itd b cool to have a monthly one
Dats vewy nice\nTitle: Last Week #76: Dive Stunt Kills Tom (Not Clickbait) a.k.a. Last Week The Ridgewells goes to Italy featuring Charlie Belle Shaw
Well that mantis is dead now
Genuine idea: the seven adventures of Squidge the puggo.... One every week or 2 where Tom takes Squidge out for an adventure
hay tom, just thought id tell you about a product called Klondike choco taco.
Tom is the epitome of lovable\n manchild
it would be nice if you could still somehow incorporate the user submitted sketches for your next show
13:37 all is so artsy then... guy hits a tree
nooooooooooooo not the end of lastweek
2:10 Are you a goat?! 0-0 XD
I like the idea of a no script (lightly scripted) podcast! Make the Last - 'Last Week' go out with a bang!
I can tell by the thumbnail and title you are drunk no hate!!! Your cool
I reckon team up with Dan and the rest of the lincoln lads and bring back the man time podcast
when he says he went to every European country\n\n\n\n\n*F I N L A N D?*
I like your scripted stuff more so do dat
lol i live 20 mins away from pisa's airport
I like the idea of a podcast
This video is brilliant for the Owen Wilson impression alone
I think you should just start uploading compilations of tom at famous landmarks. It's obvious that he has a knack for that kind of thing
Definitely do a podcast please, but monthly vlogs would be awesome too, whatever you're comfortable with
oh no your beautiful Italian shoes they're dirty
I'm sad last week is ending, I never thought I'd like it this much. I really hope you still throw in random vlogs here and there.\nHonestly I don't think I'd listen to a podcast as I'm not a huge podcast fan- I know my opinion doesn't matter, but I thought I'd throw it in anyway \n💖💖
I like the podcast idea but like seeing the vlogs so also monthly vlog lol!
That scream Tom made when it when deeper into the pool.... I FREAKING LOST IT 😂Love it
did his mum actually remember which ice cram he meant just by him saying it was his childhood favourite because if so that is damn impressive
Don't end last week
You seemed rather confident showing your body off on the camera, as you should anyway (because you're handsome). Hope that means you're feeling a bit more comfortable.
that sketch killed me.\ndas sum gud stuff right there
I was at the same places in April but with one difrance\n\n\nNo tom ;-;
awww im gonna sure miss Last Week when it ends :c
Do the sketches every week
What game is he playing on the plane
Pleeeeeaaaaaaase start doing a Pretentious Monthly Scrapbook!! I'm not gonna lie I have no interest in podcasts, I love seeing you guys fooling around in day to day life rather than just being sat in a room chatting for half an hour.
8:15 and this is why i love you tom. lol <3
Joke's on you Jesus' corpse was split in to 9 parts and scattered across America
Im not a podcast person, personally,  but if you end up making a podcast then cool cool, maybe you could (also?) do something like a weekly video of something youre happy that you tried or are proud of doing, something that reinforces something positive that you can share with us (:
Because of how you wore pink shorts in the beginning, I thought you were naked jumping into the pool.
HOOOOoooOoo Hou those Courtney Miller references are on point babyyyyyyyeeee
Wow that building in florance looks much bigger than I remember.\nFrom when I played Assassin's Creed
I knew exactly where you were in Florence before you even said it! Thanks Assassin's Creed!
holy shit you should so  a sitcom!!!
Definitely a podcast anyway, its pretty much the perfect thing to fill the void and (depending on how you do it, for example audio only) that would fix that subsection of the comments that obsess over your weight. \n\nIf you wanted to do something scripted you could even just release the weekly sketches from reddit on occasion. It could even solidify this channel as the personal with the fans one, in a way, and it would be super entertaining as it's own thing too
every month you could release a vlog for the month. except each day only has one minute. could be in the style of 8:27 to 8:38 sometimes\n\nedit: and 13:42 to 13:58
And where did you found him?????
They call him Matthew Christ 8:05
Holy shit I am the exact same build as Tomska 😂😂
4:20... Fav moment... and Fav Time Card... (I Rounded it Down to make this comment funny... My *Actual* Fav moment is at closer to 4:21)
I'd love a podcast, just dont have a completely scripted one.  Just talk about whatever you guys like, same as in the vlogs
Monthly vlog sounds fab! Podcast also sounds vewy noice =)
Tom your mum is hawwt
🍺
Podcast!
noooo, I love last week :(
4:22\n*FUCK!*
look at all those chickens!
14:04\n\nIsso... Isso me lembra FELPINHO NAHNAHAMANAHNHAMANHA
Nipple twisty Fresh
Oh my gully gosh please check my
9:20 thicc
Wow you let yourself go
7:50 I'm dead
KILL YOUR SELF TOM
come to luxembourg...pls?
bigger is better
Monthly vlogs yeah :D
Podcast
Last month
Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!
Make a dancing naked-elliot show. This is not even about what to substitue last week with.and also, because i'm italian and this is about italy, fai uno spettacolo con elliot nudo che balla.
Tom to miss edd gloud :c
what are you doing?
Tom, they have those taco ice creams in the US. They're called ChocoTacos. Next time you visit you must look for them, my child.
Привет я подписал твой канал ты тоже подпишешь мой канал
Rick and morty theme!!!! Like if you agree :)
You should collab with the merrell twins and make something star wars themed :)
How about the new iPhone X cake???
You should do a challeng with jistin like for yes
i'm going to make those for my birthday party tomorrow :3
If ur interested I will put the link down below to where you can find them\nI am interested in your kitchen and the containers you have to hold everything \nAnd bowls mixing thing\nBasically your kitchen and everything in it\nIncluding you so I can have lessons how to cook donuts without burning bottom half.,.
Ro can you please make something out of skittles 😀👍
please make Adwenture time
can you pretty pleaseeee make a giant oreo cookie or giant reeces peeces
I love you 🦄🦄
Adorable!!!
Make something for  league of legends pleeeeeeees😊
Can you make more FNAF themed treats please!
OMG I NEED TO KNOW HOW YOU DID THAT TO YOUR HAIR ITS SO ADORABLE I WANT THAT ON MY HEAD
How can I replace cookie butter? Not sure if I can buy it in my market :v
Hey Rosanna, please, please, please do something related to splatoon 2, but you don't have to if you don't want to... LOVE YOUR VIDS!!!!!
now everyone is hating her because shes pushing her own products.. wow guys
A few days ago I saw Ro's cooking products in Micheals!
Plz do something guardians of the galaxy themed it's my birthday
I want some of these cupcakes
Love ur hair! I happen to be wearing the same hairstyle right now!
my daughter is soo sick looks she will faint\n1 like = 1 prayer
Hello Rosanna! I love your videos, and was hoping you could make another surprise cake? Or a collar with Lisa Koshy would be cool!!
Lastly, I got your cookbook but not your new line yet hopefully for Christmas 😍😍😍💯😘😍
Whoever loves Rosanna give this a thumbs up
Do I loved your vids since I was about 4
Collab with hayley leblanc! She loves u sm! (Its so nice of you to send her baking stuff too<3)
All I'm wondering is where do all the food's go? 😆
Can you PLEASE do something new harry Potter themed please I love you Ro and It would be the best birthday present ever and I love Harry Potter
Ro is a happy cookie! 🍪
Ro I am your biggest fan!!! Good job
I've been watching your channel since you posted your 3rd video ever. And you haven't changed a bit. You're still hilarious! I love you, Ro! ❤😘\n\nEdit: although, I kinda miss your old intro. But the new one is fine too! 😘
Do a Camp Camp cake! And an Eddsworld cake! They are amazing shows here on YT that are amazing
I want to make these and instead of Swiss meringue cuz I don't like the method that much. I'd use cookie butter frosting.
Hey ro can you please make something that has to do with a cute kitty cat                                   \n\n\n\np.s. I love your channel
Can you make Finn-Cakes from adventure time Pls
Hi! Can you make something Luigi themed? I just love Luigi. Bye bye ☺️
Could you do day of the dead things
make a star wars cake
You should collab with Yolanda on how to cake it
I love you Ro!! You are so cute and amazing!!! Love your videos!! So yummy!!!
After eating one of these will probably have 10 cavities
Can u make a cake that looks like the nerdy nummies tour bus??
Hey Ro! I'm a huge fan of what you make. But here where I live  (7,000 feet above sea level) it's really hard to bake ANYTHING! Any tips for some high altitude adjustments for some of your recepies???
please do a disney castle cake ro!🙏🏻
Can you make something with minions
Ro you and Justine should try kinetic sand!!! Like if you agree! 
Do something for the new movie IT!
They look so yummy! You look so cute, love the hair! \n 😀😀❤️💛💚💙💜💗🌝🌈⭐️💕
Ro this look so yummy and good!!!!!!!!!
I want a kitchen thats similar to hers, but my house is to small
Do something moose themed (the dog) with Lauren!
You should do a superwoman the movie theme
her hair. is. so cult. she. makes. a. lot. for. people even. for me. she. does. a. lot. for. her channel
Hey Ro! Can you collab with Jacksepticeye please! That would be a dream come true!
Omg she should collab with Logan Paul that would me great. Like if you agree👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
You should do another video with Mat Pat
Can you do something little nightmares PLZZZZZ!!!!!
i havnt tasted chocolate chip cookies for  a  while but when i saw this i tasted I PUT NOTHING IN MY MOUTH! Im WEIRD😂
You should make Lloyd from the new lego movie please ❤️
Can you do a deadpool 2 theme plz thank you ro
her family should be so lucky to eat those nerdy nummies ............... am I right
Can you make something descendants themed
Ro your a m a z i n g!
Could you make something from IT?
Hey Rosanna Pansino you should make the decadent chocolate cake from WEBTOONS Unordinary manga please look into it
i saw someone else mention this already but it would be so AMAZING if you made something IT inspired \n(y'know, the Stephen King adaptation that just came out)
Ro needs to do something NCIS themed just cuz she would be super cute as Abby Scuito
I would like to see some fall recipes soon. Love your videos! ❤️❤️❤️
Love your hair it remains me of Mickey Mouse
Cookie cupcakes 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🍪🍪
please make more cookie butter recipes! <3
Where's mo
Hey Ro plz do something Supernatural themed!!!!
Melk 
Plz make a fall seasonal cake
She should make rainbow unicorn emoji cupcakes
You my favorite BAKER!
Can u make homemade ice cream
bake with Logan paul
Descendants
Can you make ice cream mochi
emoji cookie ❤
Hi
Ikr
Oh my goodness she's soooo adorable!
i like
Do fall treats !!!
Can you do a nerdy nummies popsicle stick\n
You should make a nerdy nummies cake
Please
FNAF PINATA CAKE
make something soccer themed!!
THE WAKING DEAD RETURNS OCT 22!!!
Make another vid with IJustine pls.😁😁
Ro! please do unicorn cupcakes or unicorn cake
Plzzzz😍😍😍😍
MAKES SOME DECENDANTS CUPCAKES
Could you make a cookie of the Logan Paul Maverick Logo please?
It's so great that you are opening a bank account for Ayla. I really wished my parents did that for me at some point when I was younger (but its only a false wish since my parents were immigrants and didnt know a lot about how a lot of things worked...)
Omg! Issac is talking a lot lately!!! He is so adorable <3
Enjoyed Tim doing a bit of vlogging~
Judging by Isaac's reaction (or lack thereof) I'd say no it wasnt worth it.
almost 1 mil bubz! I've been here for years and still going on strong!
Tim watching paw patrol is how I feel when I am at school.
Isaac makes me smile Big Much! 😀😀😀♥♥
Ricky !!!! Omg, now im gonna go see what he's been up to on he's channel lol . I MISSED him ! I knew my eyes weren't playing tricks on me haha .
lol Issac and Tim have the same expression when watching the paw patrol show, like father like son. It always fun watching you guys!!! Love you guys!! <3
I've been hearing people say Paw Patrol for so long and just realized that it isn't Papa Troll.
Hi Bubz! I have watched you since before you were married and I am basically committed to watching your videos still, I love it so much! I'm sure you guys know what you're doing but due to my own past experiences i sort of became worried for Lala because my mom tried her best not to neglect my older brother and instead she neglected me. even giving me to my grandma really did some damage to me because i didn't know what a mother's love was supposed to be like growing up. Again, i think you guys know what you're doing and i only see glimpses of what goes on, through your videos. But please don't let ayla be removed from your presence for too long or she could feel disconnected with you, as to this day (been praying for God to restore my family) i have felt disconnected with my own family. please do keep me in prayer as well as you can see i need it, haha. anyway, it was a small worry, but i'm sure you guys know what you're doing, and i'm sorry if this came off the wrong way. God bless you and your beautiful family!!! Love youuu!! <3
lol! Isaac was obviously unimpressed throughout the Paw Patrol show. haha...
You guys made my day 💝 may I know what's in your lips at 2:24? It's looks so natural and fresh. You are glowing from deep within 😘. Lot's of love from the Arab Emirates 💐💐💐
The most beautiful family in the globe!
Worth paying double full price for paw patrol for Isaac to see it!
Wow bubz you're sooo close to 1 mill subscribers! Seems like you'll get there by your next video!! Yaayy!!
When are you guys going to do a new intro with Ayla? ☺
Bubz I think you've scarred Issac 😂 paw pawtrol will never be the same
aww bubz, i am so tired with my pregnancy, i am 3 months with my first born and thank god i have been watching you since your pregnancy with isaac. I suffered hyperemesis for 2 months and rejected taking Plasil. i lost a lot of weight and i am so concerned with my baby. but the doc says its healthy. i am just concern my weight is still dropping i still cannot eat. i am very much dehydrated my lips were chapped and dry. water didnt taste good so i sometimes drink electrolyte water to replenish me. but with all these struggles i am looking forward to finally meet my firstborn! godbless and love much mommah bubz!
Hey Bubz, what color of lip tint from Em Cosmetics did you use? Love you and Ng fam!
Issac is talking so much now!!! LOVE YOUR FAMILY!!!
Rickhe with the violin dancing was the best belly laugh I've had all day lol
Isaac is so big now! I guess It's been a while since I last saw a vlog of you. The way he puts on his cap is so cute!!! 😍
Isaac is growing up so fast! ☺️
Issac means laughter. May he grow full of joy and laughter.
Isaac has gotten really good with his speaking, I'm happy to see his improvement. (^-^)
I know now not to take my kid to see Paw Patrol when I have one haha XD
aw! Isaac is so sweet hi mommy ... miss Ayla on this blog : |
You guys are one of my most favorite family in Youtube. You guys are so genuine, humble & did not change despite having many followers. Wishing your family all the happiness & good health!
He is getting so big
Was it worth it? Lemme work it. I put my thang down flip it and reverse it
I love your shooting stance, it's very serious. 🤣
Are you going to create a new intro to your videos ? 🙂❤
The things we do for kids! :D Should have just bought a dvd LOL
Tim actually hit one of the markers
Damn, what a bad turn out o.O \n\nWe had booked to take my nephew to see that in August at Manchester Arena and due to the closure of the arena a new venue was found but it was a month earlier and original tickets weren't valid for the new venue so we just got the refund and saved ourselves the hassle of rearranging days off.
'If u smile I'll give you popcorn'Hey u cant bribe me like that >:3
I love your vlogs big much!! ❤️
Wasn't full price about £65 each regardless of age? We almost gifted our nephew but decided the money could go further!
Lindsy well done you are 18 on trending and I just wanted to say I love watching Isaac grow up it is so cute and thank you for posting about your life!
Lmao Tim's face had me cracking up 😂😂😂
Issac is such a sweet boy!! I enjoyed your vlog as always thanks!!
oh my god the last shot where his eyes roll
Isaac is getting so big now woah!
I thought you were saying papa troll. I was like what is papa troll.... Lol
if you've gone through all the paw patrol episodes you should watch rescue bots. It's my nephew's new obsession after paw patrol.
now I want to try that shooting toy XD
Hahaha Isaac's facial expressions at the end😂
it's amazing to see how far Isaac's speech has come along, i'm so proud of him ❤️ you're such a beautiful family
So nice seeing how Isaac has grown! My nephew loves Paw Patrol too. And you have a baby girl! God bless your family Bubz
I feel so sad that those people have to perform in a nearly empty room :(
Bubz you seemed more excited than isaac to see paw patrol :D
My boyfriend's little brother LOVES paw patrol. He talks about it and makes me watch it with him a lot. It's so cuteee watching him get so excited about paw patrol.
I haven't seen your videos in a little while and it's amazing how much Issac has grown
Isaac and Tim's faces at 5:43 HAHA
I've been missing Ricky so much! So nice to see him again
My son says he loves me ''big ever'' alot and forever
I love your vlogs because you inspire me to be kind and a happy person in life. Thank you bubbi. <3
OK I WAS LIKE WHO'S BEAVER HAHAHAHAH
Awww I was watching your vlog when my nephew runs over and starts waving at the screen and saying hi to Isaac! He runs back later saying I wanna say hi to baby! Even though they're like the same age haha
Just thought I'd say you can really hear the Irish accent in Isaacs voice now! Too cute!
My cat got terrified from that weird instrument (i think it was a violin) sound lol
Issac's face in the back at 7:57! 😂 he's so cute! ❤️
Paw patrol sure sold the whole venue 😂😓😭
Wow has it really been over 3 years? Isaac is growing up so fast!
Isaac's face at 7:56 😂 i wonder what was going through his mind
Bubz are you guys gonna do a new intro? Love you guys! And Ayla is sooo adorable so is Isaac!❤️❤️
So funny story... I'm 22 years old and I LOVE Paw Patrol. A couple years ago I was stuck in a hotel for a couple weeks for vacation and it was super early so only kid shows were on. Paw Patrol looked interesting and a few episodes in I had already memorized all the names!
Big much😖😖That's so cute
He said it at the same time I did....the Asian Squat! LOL What a lovely family!
Your brother is always such a laugh xD
Tim's face is priceless !! 😂😂😂
hi bubzz  would you do a video maybe talking abt your experience with PPD and how you dealt with it?
Such a sweet family
Wow you live in NI? I realised your accent. I'm Cantonese and Vietnamese. Usually go to the arena for the Belfast Giants Games. Your kid is so cute. Great to see locals 😊
That moment when he says...on tv\nLol
Ive never seen a cuter smile in my life
so close to 1M bubz!! wooo
Hello Bubz Fam💗
Addicted to your vlogs, so relaxing :)
Lol this is 17 on trending
New intro? Please?
Uncle Rickeh is ruthless.  :)
omgdays that cute smile XD you bribed your son!!! XD
aw isaacs smile !!he's so cute !
so cute :-:
Isaac you too cute gah!
Ricky is attractive
I love love your bath tub !!
Havana- Camila Cabello\n\nI don't wanna know- maroon 5
Cute show
On tv lmao
Watching your vlogs calms me! Exam results tomorrow can't sleep😭 Thanks bubz for your calming voice 💕
NO ARMS.
#20 Trending in UK :)
#20 on trending 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽 Love you Bubz 😘😘❤️❤️
Loved this big much!!! 💖
Isaac melts my heart. The way he goes hi mummy as soon as Lindy steps into his bedroom 😭
how old is isaac?
i cant believe the EM cosmetics is still on my lips even after eating all day sponsoring much lol
Mark should have played himself,He's barely aged a day
Tommy Looks Like he just got out of a hospital on Guerrero Street
Leave your stupid comments in your pocket!
Also, James Franco close your god damn legs and give that poor old man some god damn room!
Greg is radiant. My god why didn't they cast him in the film as Greg?
After seeing The Room and read The Disaster Artist, it is so good to see Tommy, finally on that level. Hanging ou with actual Hollyood stars.
Tommy Wiseau ascended to a legend. I own a copy of The Room
James be like : The camera don't move\nBro stop being mean
Did anyone catch that whenever Jame speaks to Tommy that he speaks slightly like Tommy?
James is such an asshole
What's up with Tommy? I wouldn't be surprised if he's an alien or a dishwasher in disguise. Something.
Wearing sunglasses indoors signals either massive douchbaggery or hides vampire eyes. I truly am not sure which is the case with Tommy.
Tommy grew up an all-American guy playing football,
1:10 You were looking at yourself FOR THE FIRST TIME... that was cruel, Tommy did see The Room movie
Dude this is hilarious I love James Franco portraying as Tommy he just sounds phenomenal 😂😂😂 \nTommy : I like James Francos and brother Dave 😂😂😂
So is he retarded or something?
I feel like Tommy is going to slowly take out a neuralyzer out of his pocket for some reason.
Anyways... I got the results of the test, I definitely have cancer 😭
Tommy's face looks like a flattened tether ball
...but is Tommy okay with this movie...?
he can't shake the accent still lol
I would watch 2 hours of this over the Room anyday
This movie will be good. And I definitely have breast cancer.
james franco really cares about his film......gr8 attitude...it will be a hit
He blind or just a deluxe douche?
That couch is too small.
Best movie of the year
Lol why is James always going Tommy's accent when he talks to him. Is he trying to mess with him or is he just saying that because he thinks he won't understand?
I love the fact even at the end of this video Tommy is still making up BS as he's always done.
how Franco opened his legs up and wiseau has to be on the side is sad.
I think there is something wrong with Tommys eyes he has been wearing those sunglasses for years now
Ironic that good actor like James Franco couldn't even properly copy (in)famous Hi, Mark! scene.
Tommy wiseau should be the next doctor who.
James looking at Tommy like he's  about to rock his world.
The Room came out 15 years ago and Tommy hasnt improved his English at all. haha
James Franco imitates that way Tommy speaks at times
Franco can't help talking like Tommy
James is honestly sort of a douche in this interview, you can tell Tommy is just going with the flow, but is probably a little pissed. Either way I still have to see this film.👍😂
It looks like he's right there but we all know Tommy Wiseau is on another planet.
Tommy is the man.
l want someone to look at me the way james franco looks at tommy wiseau
I know one thing: Tommy has absolutely NO idea about the art of filmmaking: from his favourite scene in The Disaster Artist to giving rights based on one of the worst films in Franco's catalogue to... The Room itself
This is gonna be a great movie! \n\n\nAnyway, how's your sex life?
I've read the book and every interview with Tommy under the sun but sometimes I wonder if he  is just a guy doing performance art. I know he's almost too weird to be fake but have you seen the website for The Room? I have no idea how anyone less than a genius could create something that looked THAT old!
I love how james is talking like tommy the entire time lol
Tommy approves james franco because he wants people to see him as a good looking actor not the joke that he is.
I like Tommy and think Franco's a dickhead but doesn't Tommy seem coked up?
Greg is still hot as fuck.
I'm looking forward to this movie. It doesn't look they're just making fun of him, it's seems to have a lot of heart. I hope it delivers
Does Tommy knows that he's horrible?
I'm pretty sure Greg could've played Greg. He still looks very young
Tommy Wiseau makes James Franco look, for a lack of a better word, normal?
4:37 come on Franco why have to put him on the spot like that? LMAO
James Franco is really taking some leg space
Look at James man spreading
Feels weird listening to wiseau without his voice sounding over dubbed like in the movie
Franco's legs are wide open AF everyone else looks awkward.
The way the camera movement...I really like it!\nThe camera movement? The camera don't move.\n\nClassic Wiseau moment right there! :D
Why is he doing his voice at him!?
James is half way stuck in the ascent
Here it is... you want to watch... the definitive critique of The Room as Oedipus Rex. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs20YlgvvYk
I do love how Franco isn't taking any of Tommy's shit.  I mean, look at his legs.  He's all spread out and Tommy is crammed into the side there.  Tommy couldn't have liked that.
It's nice to see Tommy has seemingly warmed up to the guys and the press for this film. At the start it was so obvious he didn't like it and didn't want to be there.
Tommy seems like a decent guy and its pretty awesome theyre all friends now
Tommy's being such a good sport about this.
I've never seen Tommy Wiseau this normal, it's unusual. He's usually saying nonsense.
I wish Tommy and James act together in a movie someday. Coz only James can understand this guy.
Tommy speaks so funny😅 that end omg.. my favourite part is the swimming pool scene\nReally? Its so random\nYeah I like it. I like the camera movement in there\nCamera movement? The camera doesn't move.. 😂
Franco is talking to Wiseau in his native tongue lmao
I love how Tommy has such weird answers for everything here I now understand why he thought the room was a good idea
I would kill to see the behind the scenes footage that Markus shot.
James is still subtly talking like Tommy.
Super excited for the movie but it's still kind of sad to see Tommy involved in this. I still thinks he believes that his art is good. I get he's fearless and HE is interesting, but his art is NOT good . I really don't think he gets that diaster artist is making fun of his art, not celebrating it. It's like the kid who has a sign on his back and everyone is looking at him but he doesn't get why.
I love how Tommy actually wants this movie to be made and is just loving every second of it XD
Wow, this is almost akin to Windy City Heat.
Tommy thinks a handsome guy like James Franco is perfect because in his mind that's what he looks like.
Lets just say agreeing with franco moved him.......TO A BIGGER HOUSE
The Like to Dislike ratio for this video is one of the best I've ever seen.
Calling it now , it will win an oscar and Wiseau will be given the oscar. It will be amazing
*new drinking game* \n-drink every time Greg Sestero blinks
This is awesome
You're tearing me apart Lisa!
Greg sestro had so much plastic surgery.
that brutal handshake
Wiseau > Nolan
YES!!!!!!!!!!
James is a fucking douche
So great
Directed by Nicholas cage...
Hah hah Hah
Franco is manspreading
That is some indulging manspread
Damn, I look good.
Franco looks normal  compared to tommy lol.
Dave looks sooo tiny
Why isn't Greg talking?
Oh hi, Marcus.
This is so fucking awkward 😂😂😂
Dostoyevsky's The Idiot tells the story of the autistic Mishkin, whom people of royalty, high esteem and education mistake to be an enigmatic genius, when he is in fact nothing more than an simple idiot.
I really don't get why people hate James Franco. He makes odd career choices sometimes with all his indie shit but he seems like a really great guy... loving the deuce and can't wait for this
Türkiye trendlerine giriyor türk yok aq
Bu neden trendlerde moruk daha fazla minecraft kanser videolar ve clickbait görmek istiyorum keşke şöyle kaliteli içerikler hiç trendde olmasa.
Tam giyim mağazası müziği ehehehehe
Şu boğulma sahnesi aleyna babanınkine benziyo
Olm bu youtube turkiye trendlerine giriyorsa burda turkler vardir turkler bi +1
Bu niye trendde
Çok güzel lan 😄✔
Greetings from Turkey 🇹🇷
Great song! I like that
Pretty unimaginative music video. You see the same style everywhere.
TRENDLENDİNİZ
YASSSSSSSSSSSS JUST DISCOVERED THIS BEAUTY YAASSSSSS.
Much love from turkey 🇹🇷
HELLO FROM  TURKEY ( ISTANBUL )   PERFECT SONG  PERFECT VOICE (y)
I love that music
This is really good
What a nice song <3
Güzel şarkı
HAZRETİ YASUO?!
Disgustin voice
Ertbuy strafa kalderan mıncık la  ma
Ön sıralardan yeriniz hazır +layin arkadaslar 😉🤗
Amk bunun trend de ne isi var
Şöyle şeyler girsin trende. Ne güzel müzik.
Finaly she find the place to construct her house
Hi my from in Algeria I LOVE IT\nGOOOOOD
Lyrics\n\n\nTell me why you're crying\nAs I can see the faith in your eyes\nAnd I feel that you'll be fallin'\nDon't you know you're not alone now\n \nCrying\nNow I can see the faith in  your eyes\nAnd I feel that you'll be fallin'\nTell me where you wanna go\n \nSometimes you hide\nYou slide to empty spaces\nCoz you don't know who you are\nTo find, to find the light\n \nSometimes you hide\nSometimes you search for places\nTryin to find out who you are\nJust find, to find the light\n \nSometimes you hide\nSometimes you hide\n \nAnd now the day is dawning\nYou gotta break the silence\nCoz I, I don't wanna see you fallin'\nDon't you know you're not alone now\n \nRisin', you gotta break the silence\nCoz I, I don't wanna see you fallin'\nDon't you know where you wanna go\n \nSometimes you hide\nYou slide to empty spaces\nCoz you don't know who you are\nTo find, to find the light\n \nSometimes you hide\nSometimes you search for places\nTryin to find out who you are\nJust find, to find the light.
fuuuuuu fuuuuuu fuuuuuu fuhuuuu
hanımefendi yanlış yere trendlenmiş
bu niye trendde
Tinko makò iseo şàre??
Why isn’t avaible on Spotify? :(
Bu niye trendlerdeki ?
Beyler begeninde yabancılar bişey sansin .d
beyendim
Okuldan kaçanlar +1 lesin
Türkler nerde
F.A.N.T.A.S.T.I.C.O Minelli - Empty Spaces 🌹
16 EYLÜL'DE - GELİYORUZ!\nHelinusMt2 geliyor.! Büyük açılış 16 Eylül Cumartesi günü saat 20:00'da !\nKuşak, Simya ve Lycan YOK !\nAnsayfa : http://helinusmt2.tk\n🔸 104 Level başlangıç, 105 Level sınır.\n🔸 Level Alma Npc, Kasılma Derdi Yok.\n🔸 Çelik Zehir Gibi İtemler Npc'de Mevcuttur.\n🔸 OT Kasmalı Server.\n🔸 Çöl Ortasında 5 Dakika Arayla Çıkan Boss ve Metinler.\n🔸 Skiller P Olarak Başlar.\n🔸 %99 Dazyshield Hile Koruması.\n🔸 Tek Tık Biolog 92 94 Görevi Bugu Fix.\n🔸 %100 Sorunsuz Eşit Damageler.\n🔸 Karakter Güvenliği Sistemi.\n🔸 Ticaret ve Pazar Geçmişi.\n🔸 4 Taş Sistemi Aktif.\n🔸 Şaman Grup Kutsama Sistemi.\n🔸 Boss Bilgi Sistemi.\n🔸 Ox Mapında Görünmezlik Sistemi.\n🔸 Lonca Savaşı Ajan Sistemi.\n🔸 Çoklu İtem Silme Sistemi.\n🔸 Hapishane Sistemi.\n🔸 YouTube Özel Kostüm.\n🔸 Sorunsuz Hızlı CH değiştirme sistemi.\n🔸 Para ödüllü Lonca ve Bireysel Vs Turnuvaları.
Buralar değerlenir, safları sıklaştıralım.
Buralar değerlenir Amazing song😀
Too much vibration.
Enes abi anamı sik
2:56 aleyna tilki
Best
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/ydh5k26g
bravo
👏👏👏👏👏👏🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒
Abla sen mağazalarda çalarsın artık
Hz Yauo +1
Ses ver 🇹🇷.com
TO JEST MEGA !!!
Fuck school
Perfect song 👌
Bu nasıl trendte lan aq
My mom said that if i listen to this song one more time she will throw me out of the window :)
Ya bu yeşilçam müziği o yüzden türklere güzel geliyo
trendlerde ne isi var bunun. neyse parca fena degilmis
BU ŞARKIYI KİMSE KEŞFETMESİN MK
Bu niye trendlerde de sinan akçıl deyil trende kaliteli minecraft olmayan içeriğe hayır
Trendlerde bunun ne isi var olm nerde manigıraft nerde kılickbayit nerde tepki kaliteli videonun trendlerde ne isi var olm
Yine birileri Lc Waikiki müziği yapmış
Trendlerde böyle kaliteli şeyler görmeyeli baya oldu elim ayağım titriyor...
Bi an sen olsan bari çalcak zannettim o nasıl başlangıç
Hadi benim videolara bakın eminim beğeneceksiniz
https://youtu.be/eDHLrWyS8AQ\nVERY COMMERCIAL CHARACTER SUBSCRIBE ( COK KOMIK KARAKTER IZLE VE ABONE OL)
Trendlerde ilk defa düzgün birşey
Thank you ultra music!
Mükemmel
Adnan Oktar Kimdir (İftiralara Cevap)\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0nLdVFcixw
Love love love love
Not good
103k
Love from Turkey
T Ü R K L E N D İ N   dostum     TÜRLER HER YERDE
🌟🌙
öh pöh turkey TR TR TR TR TR jxmxkxmxk
Turkler neredee laa
Türkiye trendine ne işi var len neyse Türkler burdami  diye prim yapayım nerdesiniz len😂😂😂
#rez
Bu ne Amk
nerdesiniz TÜRKLER 😘❤
*#Rez** for = Berat Heisenberg*\n*Instagram = @beratheisenberg*\n*Instagram = @bayheisenberg*\n*Snapchat  = bayheisenberg*\n*Twitter = @BeratHeisenberg*
+AS BAYRAKLARI AS AS\n\n\n-İnmedi ki yarram.
Good by 10m
Şarkıyı kulaklıkla dinliyorsan +1 🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
Wonderfull musik
Kaya-huuu nerede YouTube koymuyonuz trendlere hepinizin aq.
Video looks like Headhunterz & KSHMR - Dharma
TÜRKLER KENDINI BI BELLI ETSINDE FARKIMIZI GORELIM ❤
Goood
Biz olmasak farkedilmezdin Eyy Mine
Mahmut orhan gibi isimler ultramusicten çıktığı ve bu sebeple kitlesek genetik eşleşme gerçekleştiği için izlenmeyi türkiyeden sayıyor arkadaşlar.
tÜRK KARDEŞİMLERİM BU VİDEO TÜRKİYEDE TRENDLERDE FAKAT SİZ NERDESİNİZ NEYSE OKULLAR AÇILINCA BENİ UYANDIRIN BEYLER
T R E N D L E N D I N Guzel Kadin
Bu başka bi şey la
İnsanın içindeki bazı bilinmeyen duyguları tetikliyor
Diss like bune la
elleri görelim siz anladınız:D
Türkiye trendinden siktir olup git amk gavuru
the slow roasted onion and mustard is goood. also it's beqa with a Q and it's a brand of cheese
Mate , if you are going to eat honey soy chicken ships you HAVE to get the red rock deli brand, all the others cannot be compared lol
Americans don't know what peri peri is? it's so common in the Uk 😂
Why does this make me want to devour 20 bags of chips??
What's on fire in the mirror?
My name being peri was very confusing in this video... was I named after a flavor ??
We have pizza too 🤦🏽‍♂️\nPaprika was my favourite ridiculous Canadian chip flavour 🇨🇦
Thought it was Hulk Hogan in the thumbnail.
Where'd ya get that squirrel ring??
In Japan there's a salad flavor that tastes nothing like salad, but I actually really like it.
I'm from Bega (pronounced BEE-GA) and Bega cheese is massive in Australia. My boyfriend works at the cheese factory and makes the cheese. So surreal to see my tiny town on your YouTube channel!!!
Mama Mia got me EVERY time
I just came here to say Fuck Meghan Rienks and Grace Helbig;) I didn't watch the video;)
You should've been more Australian and done flavour of shapes or Tim tams
(347) 563-4092 this is graces number you are all welcome call her a lot so she can make a video on it
I am so shook. I had no idea that all those flavours were not totally normal.....
Show lots of feet plsss.make my day amazing again
grace has a crushhhh
blue juice *drinks powerade* hahhhhhahaha
Peri peri is nandos sauce!
These are pretty much regular flavours in Canada
You don't have cheese and onion crisps in the US?!?!
I miss all of those flavours! Canada's chip game is weak in comparison. Those Kettle chilli chips are the king of chips! Did you try Light & Tangy Lays chips? They are also really good.
What the F is going on in the mirror behind you?!
Lol I hope you actually liked it here in Australia
Ketchup chips taste like dirt to me :/ Cheese and onion forever :) Red rock deli is fab too
drunk me *loves* those lime and black pepper chips.
I WAS IN THE CROWD AND I CAN SEE MYSELF
Bega is pronounced like it's spelt, with an E not an A. You said it like Baga ahaha
i love how she called the powerade/gatorade blue juice kasdfljlsdfjk
If you're still in Melbourne go to Pelligrini's it is THE best italian restaurant and the best coffee in Melbourne please enjoy <3\n(if you go do a video or something I will figuratively die)
hey he was on snl
You guys don't have chicken chips??? Wtf it's like a staple in nz
It's beqa with a q. I'm Australian clearly 😂😂
do you not have nandos in the US?
Normally Nz and Ozzie food is the same but these chips are all unknown to me except lime and black pepper
this just made me really feel like chips tbh hahaha
Woah I never realised other countries didn't have honey soy chicken chips!!!! There like a classic here
Us Australians  need to make Vegemite chips
Its actually pronounced Bekah (its a q not g) and its a brand of cheese here in Australia
Oy I'm not triggered...
i thought peri peri was like spanish or something lol......didnt know nandos created that bc i see peri peri in a lot of places not just nandos
Now you've made me hungry for chips. I live in melbourne too. perhaps i can take your left-overs off your hands
Oh how I love being Australian
When you have to look up what Bega Cheese is....
The Ketchup flavour first came out when I was a kid and I wasn't enthused by it, by now in my early 30's I think it's great. I don't know.
the red rock deli honey soy chicken is better........ -your friendly neighbourhood Australian
Great first date tip at 4:57: ''Blindfold them immediately and force-feed them things they don't know!'' My favourite flavour is the ''Kettle CHILLI with Jalapeno & Red Chillies'' now that you've pain-tested it (at 6:20).
I was so surprised that they don't know what Peri Peri is 😂 we have Nando's here in Pakistan 🇵🇰
This makes me so hungry for chips. The pepper and lime ones are yum or the honey soy chicken ones are if i want something that tastes like a meal lols
Go to England and do the same taste test Grace. Apparently they have Australian BBQ Kangaroo flavoured chips. I gots to know what they taste like!
The Pringles is pronounced peri peri like Katy perry
We have basically all these flavoured in the UK how do you guys not have CHEESE AND ONION ITS SO STANDARD!!
Never clicked on a video so fast!
i live in australia and i didn't even know that most of these existed... 😂
I say this every video but Grace I'm so happy for you and Brooks!! I really hope you're doing well and are enjoying your relationship!! UGH IM SO HAPPY FOR U!!!!
Peri peri is a type of chicken
Woah didnt know she came here for Vidcon, wish it was in my state though :(
why did he buy all the bad ones givin us a bad rep
The pronounciation of Bega is bee-gah
Wait - I thought all countries had a billion chip flavours...\nWelp, I guess I'm just a very sheltered Australian teenager who's never travelled out of the country. Lol.
grace, love ya, but bloody oath if i hear 'tomato sauce' being called 'ketchup' once more,,,,,,,, boi
Ohhh cheese and onion is the besssst
Omg it's bee-gah (bega!). And pls try the correct brand of honey soy 😂
You didn't get the good Honey Soy!
I love all of these chips !!\nOh and it's oi not oy
bega is a brand of cheese so it was cheese flavoured
I lost my shit when I realised mature cheddar cheese and chive literally is just sour cream and onion 😂😂
I live in Australia. I love ur vids btw 💞💞💞💞❤️
Honey soy chicken is my go to drunk chip packet!!!!!
The Beqa one is cheese. Beqa is a brand of cheese.
Mine are barbecue, cheese & onion and light & tangy, but i can't get with those regular cheddar flavours. \nAnd chicken I can't stand, it really tastes nothing like it. It just tastes like bad memories...
the way brooks says bega though  😂 😂
But what flavours are in the USA?????
Did anyone else die laughing at the pronunciation of Bega?? Australia represent
You missed the classic addictive original Pringle
Mine are honey soy chicken (red rock deli), they are bloody amaaaazinggggg! Glad you enjoyed Melbourne darl x
I've been to the US and you guys have way more chips than us Aussies do. Shit like BBQ Chicken Fairy Floss Hubba Bubba Mint Chocolate Oreo Red Pepper Sriracha Gun Powder Cheetos
Take off your sunglasses
Good vídeo.
perth?
We normally call ketchup tomato sauce.
It's spelt oi oi oi 😏
Shouldve tried shapes!!!!!! :)
Peri peri is spicy
we dont have brisket in aus :/
It is pronounced Bee-ga
Sour cream and onion pringles woulda been better
PERI PERI CH8CKEN, PERI PERI CHICKEN, PERI PERI CHICKEN CHICKEN SUB
It actually goes Aussie Aussie Aussie OI OI OI!!!! Not oy oy oy peasants.
Aussie Aussie Aussie Oi Oi Oi
aussie aussie aussie oi oi oi
Bega is pronounced 'Beega'
Smiths, you know you love em
It's pronounced bee-ga btw :P
Moshroom
red rock deli honey soy chicken is my fave
Waiiiiiit how do you guys not have honey soy chicken chips tho?!?!
WHAT THE HELL SORT OF CHIPS DO YOU HAVE IN THE US??????  CHEESE AND ONION ARE A UK STAPLE ?????
Okay but for real I eat a bag of honey soy chicken chips almost every day I LOVE THEM
YOU GOT LONG BALLS LARRY
The world is in the death knell of a nuclear circle firing squad and this guy steps into the center to do his haha schtick ?
Unlike Seinfeld, this has gone on a lot longer than should have. Should've ended it season 5
The best comedy show ever...pretty pretty pretty awesome 😂
God knows how long I have been waiting for this. Just air them already!
They're all really showing their ages now.
17 years since the show premiered and we still can't watch re-runs on TV.   A-holes.
Could do withOUT JB Smoove. Not funny. Anyone can throw out a string of 4 letter words. His character is boring and adds nothing to the show.
I've never seen this show but if this means more memes yeah
Seriously, I thought most of these people had died already.
I'm allowed to be happy for this, but not in front of Larry! And only mild laughter.
NOTICE LARRY IS GETTING ANGRIER AND ANGRIER AS THE YEARS GO BYE, JUST LIKE ME
Looks pretty... pretty... pretty good
Leon 🤣
YESSS FINALLLYYY
Awful show. Larry David is repulsive.
wow...........he looks really, really old!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my favorite bald ,avuncular Jew
Walter white
Fucking Finally
nice
Is that Michael Fassbender @1:12?
Omg, I love this show! can't wait. I desperately need to laugh!
What kind of stain was it?  True comedy is back!!!!
If Larry shaved his head he'd look like Patrick Stewart.
Omg cant wait! Its finally here!! I've waited so long for this
1:08\n\nWas that a shit bow?
nick-picky observation I know, but I saw the mattress/airbed he landed on at 1:09
His shit is kind of getting old and worn out.
You know what was great about this trailer? It hyped me up for the show without giving away any spoilers, a basic promotional technique that most trailers today have forgotten how to use.
i've never seen this show but just from this trailer it looks pretty damn funny
...do you like a chip and a dip?
I am so excite for your returning, Lawrence!! I hope to perhaps edit this New Season and sneak my Face and Torso inside it!!
Larry David is up there with Sigmund Freud ,Einstein, Nabakov and Jesus in my best Jews ever list. Last time I was this pleased with developments my wife told me she was pregnant. Fucking Marvellous.
Huge fan of LD we both share the same bday July 2nd plus his show funny af😂😂😂😂😂can't wait
I came for the curb and left
If the previous seasons were even a bit scripted, this one is alltogether... And I doubt the previous ones werent
you're allowed to be happy but uh... not infront of me...
Mankind's greatest creation is Larry David.
Return of the high-functioning sociopath - makes a nice change from the low-functioning one in The White House.
Is that Michael Fassbender at 1:13 ?
The only hero I have left.
Is this a Curb your ____ meme?
You vote this down. I vote you down
Man, HBO is kicking it in the dick lately
what a old piece of shit
I'm so glad Leon is back
shut the fuck up
Larry David is gonna kick some sjw/pc ass this season, can't wait!!
Leon wouldn't be Leon without winning a few hot-dog-eating contests!
Thank god for HBOXDDD This show is fucking HILARIOUS
Bryan Cranston's going to be in this? :DD
This show and Sopranos are probably my favorite HBO shows.
After binging on this show for the past year, I am ready
All my shows are back this year fuck yeah! Curb Your Enthusiasm, Rick and Morty and Game of Thrones.
Oh great......another old Jew from Hollywood trying to make a come back.
What happened to life in Paris?
What a shame they brought back dipshit Smoove... Or however you spell his retarded name. Kill him off please.
Damn I miss this show
Well it's about Fucking Time Larry, it's Great to have you back, I love this show.
I'm so fucking excited. Comedy NEEDED this.
Best modern comedy show, hands down.
hey fam i heard the episodes already leaked anybody know where i can find that shit
Best show of all time!!!!
Cranston as Larry's therapist?!!!!!
Fucking Jew piece of shit
Larry fukin David. Enjoy your millions while you can, you unfunny prick
Schmohawks!
Weak meme
YEAHHH!!!!! I miss that crazy loon!
Bingoooooooo!!! Can't wait :)
Oh God oh God oh God hes back!
Genius comedian
FINALLY :)
shit bow at 1:08
CAN'T WAIT !!!!
FUNK MAN!!!! LOL
Krayzee Eyez Killah disliked
meme
Fuckin A
Jews gonna love this!
Richard got botox
curb your curb your enthusiasm trailer
The theme 👌🏼
Genius
Can't wait
GOD DAMN GOAT 🐐
lmao shut up
I shot a porno constipated
Larry. Fucking. David.
Larry is black!
Fuck yeah
Bernie?
everyone looks old af
Larry Legend
Funnier than seinfeld
My beloved cunt loved this show.
101 people wear Enigma
*Curb Your Meme*
I have bought HBO every year for many many years now I am done with you liberal pieces of shit fuck you and fuck your network and fuck all you America haters not buying another fucking product from Hollywood. I'll guarantee you're going to lose so much fucking money and you assholes will never win another election trust me
This is the last of the three trial Basics videos! This pushed my quick-explanation skills to the limit, but I figure that slow down the video and replay if necessary is better than let people get bored...
Great and very interesting as always!
wouldn't the theoretically best method be to use a tree that used, not just letters, but sequences longer than individual digits? such as 2-digits, or even whole words (Each of which would be followed by a space, essentially removing the need for the space to be in the huffman tree). such as the 200 most frequently used words in a novel + individual letters in order to assemble those that don't fall under the top 200? i'm betting this is, indeed, how more advanced implementations of huffman's coding works.
Why not do this series together with computerphile?
You should check out Joanthan Panicker's (actual spelling) channel, he's got a pretty savage bird and he found 60000000000000000000000000 dollars.
An easy trick is to build the tree dynamically. Forinstance,  for 'wicky wild wild', make a tree of all letters with frequency set to 0, encode 'w', rebuild tree for 'w' with frequency 1, encode 'i', rebuild tree for 'i' with frequency 1, and so on. Encoder and decoder read the letters in the same order, produce the same tree.
Wow the writing... SO GOOD !!
Why does this amazing explanation has to be released after my semester exams?? 😥
How is a space compressed?
You missed range and arithmetic encoding :-)
Nice job with this...
Tom! This video leaves me wanting for so much more!!
now do GZIP/7z/RAR... jpg/png/bmp... mp3/wav/ogg... i gots to know
what ya gonna do when you hit 1mill subs?\nPS really love the series
Can't wait for the video on zip files :)
Or as it's known today; Huffcod.
I feel like an expert
I hate it when I send the wrong worms
I love this series. If you decide to continue, I would be very much for it!
These series are great, Tom. You have a knack for explaining complicated concepts intuitively without losing what's important. Do you use any unconventional techniques for understanding the concepts deeply enough to capture the gist of them like this? My current strategy is reading and trying to incorporate the concept in my current knowledge base, but it usually takes 2-3 readings to do.
I know about this stuff already but still watch it because Tom Scott is a good lad
This is magic. I've just finished my text compression algorithm in C++ the day before yesterday, and this video was uploaded. I feel I'm being observed.
cool story bro, gotta split mid video to go watch the will smith music video
Ha! a love the send the wrong worms :-)
Awesome presentation....inspired by you...I am an IT engineer...:wanna start my tech channel too after viewing your video and fan base....wish me good luck ☺️☺️☺️
Belatedly: That was really clear and comprehensible! It didn't feel too quick at all to me - it was all straightforward and easy (for me) to understand. Good job!
One shot, no jumpcut, that's amazing.
0:54\n\ndid he just say the wrong worms instead of the wrong words?
A note about image/video compression at 0:45 : there are a lot of lossless compression methods, especially for images. You don't typically deal with uncompressed lossless files (e.g. bmp, the netpbm formats, raw images), but rather png (more or less row by row zip compression), gif (lossless if you fit the 256 color palette) or other lossless images.
This guy's content is just as good if not better than Thoughty2 so how come that bloke has more than twice the subscribers?
Whoever did your makeup did a terrible job.
0:53 idk whether its intentional or not, or maybe i heard him wrong, Tom said the worng worms instead of the worng words i thiing its intentional, and it makes me like Tom even more. keep up the great vids!
the Huffman coding was one of the questions in algorithm test last semester and everybody got a different answer at the end. it seems easy but the calculations are a bit confusing especially if you're not allowed to use calculators.
I had to write this algorithm for one of my CS classes...using ADA.
That was very interesting...the more you know eh?
0:54 I see what you did there :D
texting. destroyer of youth a pox on humanity.
what if (or when) AI came up with more efficient ways of compressions?
the animating in this was so smooth!
Why can't I give you 5 likes for this video :-(
THANK YOU TOM SCOTT!! I have wondered how compression like this worked for the better part of a decade, and I've even put a decent amount of time into researching it, but it never clicked until this video.  You have the best content on this entire platform, both in subject matter and quality.
Can you please do videos based on computer science 2210 whole theory syllabus? I really need help with my exams which are on October. I hope you see this message. Please like this so he can see. I never comment on YouTube videos. And I really want to get good results on this exam. My computer teacher sucks. I'm desperate.😭
The only thing better than being the best is mathematically proving you are the best.
What is the work joke? I don't get it
... send the wrong worms. Ha! I see what you did there!
And I can apply Huffman to save the Huffman tree, and the Huffman code, or again. So actually  we are just trading space for work, right? Or storing information into work? That's cool. Maybe it's what the universe is doing right now, unveiling its stored  Huffman code through chemical reactions.
Yeah, cool stuff. I'll just keep using my golang gzip/(whatever your preference is) library since I'm trusting scientists to do this for me. Seriously, I'm too busy actually building things irl to re-invent the wheel just for fun.
I wrote a full on huffman compressor for fun once. I was disappointed that it only yielded about, like you see here, 30% compression (leaving 70% the original size.) I figured I did something wrong.
I read the thumbnail as “How Computers Computers Text”
As usual, darned fascinating! Please continue with the series. I know _some_ stuff but I'm learning lots!
Always wanted to say that I love your voice, Tom. This is actually the reason why I subbed.
Can we please get into foreign characters?
You should keep doing this kind of videos, it was enjoyable and really informative - don't get me wrong I always learn something from your vids, but this was one of a kind-
I love this channel so much
Tom, thank you for reminding mr how good Youtube can be.
Cnt u leve out ltrs nd jst hve a way to ad thm in at th end? So long as ech wrd is uniq or has cntxt clus?
Wow I can hear the buzz from the old monitors that's funny
This guy is vsauce IT edition
Now i understand why windows have 64 bits and 32 bits.. \nwow thanks sir!! :D\nEdit: by that i mean\n64^64 or 32^32 bits \nRight? :)
where did you get two working BBC model B computers? - haven't see one for a couple of decades
I love you and your vimeos.
xz -9ev some_huge_file.txt  (now let's wait a few days)
0:50 Otherwise you wind up sending the wrong worms\nI see whatcha did thar...
Next vid will be intermediate and cover zip files.\n\nThe way you explain things makes everything easy to understand!
So you're telling me Will Smith *wasn't* rapping about the Wild Wild West wiki I'm sure exists about that movie?
This one of only two things I remember from my programming module - the other is a habit of typing both the open and close brackets at the same time.
i think i understood that...
I like the series
If you break in to house and steal cold cuts out of fridge are you then a hamburglar
This was so interesting and good. Wanted it to keep going!
I, too, hate it when I end up sending the wrong worms.
No need to make Unicode seem more complex than it is. The ascii characters have the same code points in Unicode. Unicode just gives you more including characters for other languages. Could just say they are stored as extended sequences which in UTF-8, they are.
I've always wondered how this works, this is amazing!
this feels like something quantum computers could speed up, i dont know though it just seems like it
That's a numberwang!.. Oh wait, nice explanation.
0:50 ...sending the wrong *worms*  I see what you did there =D
@0:52 haha send the wrong worms? nice one!
Really amazing video quality. Something very different this time. I love your channel...
You look like Hilary
I took woodwork.
ETAOIN SHRLDU!
01010100 01101000 01100001 01101110 01101011 01110011 00100000 01100110 01101111 01110010 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01100001 01101101 01100001 01111010 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110110 01101001 01100100 01100101 01101111 00100001 00001101 00001010 01001011 01100101 01100101 01110000 00100000 01110101 01110000 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100111 01101111 01101111 01100100 00100000 01110111 01101111 01110010 01101011 00101110
Damn Tom, number 23 on trending. Grats!!
Please Remove Background Noise
Op nj a senf wreng worms
Did he just?
I want more
...the wrong worm. Well played sir!
0:54 Worms ahahahah I see what you did there
Hi Tom, thanks for these! We spoke a while back about doing some videos like this for GCSE Computer Science students, this is perfect. Hope the trial goes well and you fancy doing some more :-)
haHA!!! Worms. I don't get it?
Love it when a youtube video makes me feell like I lerned something. Tbank you, Tom
sending the wrong WORMS  haha , I see what you dis there !
great video!  I have been wondering this for quite a while (but been too lasy to look it up ...)
I thought it was: take the most common words, assign a brand new character to each of them, and insert whenever that character comes up.
Hoffman ripped off Euclid but a search tree is a elemtry algorithm
the wrong worms 😂
Wah Huffman Coding is so clever...
sending the wrong worm haha
How big Weissman score can the algorithm achieve?
:(((( not even rage just a big sigh
in real life, nobody walks in front of a guy aiming a gun\nin a video game, the rules of common sense change...
Legend has it he's still exhaling
It's R6S, they were probably going to turn around and teamkill you anyway.
A siege video is trending? Boys, *We. Have. Made. It.*
I don't get it.
Good thing this was cas.
not only one runs by but two.......TWOOOOOOO
Anyone else think this is the dumbest thing to happen in existence?
Heros die everyday and there was no Mercy here to save this mans soul
That would make me so fucking pissed
Welcome to rainbow 6 siege where your teammates are your worst enemies.
🍆I🍆Am many🍆horny🍆 click channel for🍆 give me 🍆many penis🍆. I 🍆have🍆many boob🍆 pictures🍆 if want🍆 subscribe
This video is funny as hell, you earned a sub 😊😊
XD I DIED laughing but you got kicked playing
Dear people! take your time to check out my latest video WASTED! on my channel. The video features continuous remix personally created by myself, and it's comprised of 16 high-quality tracks. The pop/trance hybrid mix will can give you both chill and blast on Friday nights! Please share and like, and thank you for your support!
When you say I'm going to get the ace😂😂😂
I keep on rewatching over and over. This is art.
what game is this
Just imagine being on the other team and seeing that, no point shooting at them, they already took themselves out
omg this is hilarious thank you for posting
Ah, the joys of a FPS...
This video makes my life. This is my 13th reason why
this was funny but at the same time unfortunate... :/
4 people on team 2 die 1 kicked. Other team celebrating. While the last person is like wtf just happened
and then queue the space jam music
Story of my life
HACKER!!! lol   as you always read in the comments while playing... no one likes a good shot. no one....
See someone aiming... Proceeds to walk in front. Clever.
I love this. I have it on loop.
This is why I don't play online anymore
What game is this?
This is my new favourite video of all times .
My gosh. I feel your pain man.
Accidentally kill his own teammates. If I get kill by someone who is trying to kill a enemy then accidentally kills me I'll know it was a accident.
Quietly laughing in my bed , watching this. I can relate so much.
and this is why you don't wander into peoples line of fire
When the anti-spawn killer becomes the spawn killer.
That's just funny as shit
That sigh had me choking on air.
Ahhhhhhhhh \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThis is painful to watch
Uh..... rainbow in the trending? That new... I guess they had to cover up the pewdiepie video 💁🏻‍♂️
Who is here from reddit?
Guys, watch me take out this broad side of a barn\n\n*Kills all of his teammates 5 times each*
Lol someone made a meme about this😂😂😂
I literally can't stop watching
Me too m8, me too
Just uninstall and reinstall to get unbanned
this is magical!
I'm done bruh
Me too
Rip
Why is this on trending
hha
What game is this?
It's get funnier the more u replay the video
Im here from Gamesprout... anyone else?
They weren't ready
Some say he is still exhaling till this day......
Why is this trending
Beautiful.
I would kms
RIP
#FeelsBadMan 😂😂
Lol
lMFAO The luck
Best shit ever
39 on trending, has 120 subs.. lucky
HAHA LOL YOU GOT DAT BOI
...........\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYh\n\nMe too
Thats kind of satisfying
I cant stop laughing
Sighh
Congrats you a meme
Yall feeling it now?
😂😂😂😂
XDDDDDdDDDDDdDDDDdFDFFfF YO IM PLAT 3  Y  THAT MATTER A R6 VID GOT ON TRENDINH NIBBa \n\n\n\n\nHonestly a 30 min ban 😕
LMFAO THAT SIGH
Worst luck ever lmao 😂😂😂
This video is relatable.
lmao
hahahaha
Lmao
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
Finaly a gaming vid on trending
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLKOLLOKKLLILLIKLILLOLLOLOOLOOLLOOLOOLOOLLOLOOKLKIOLLOOLOL
lol
_sigh..._
lmao!
Great banta
Congrats you got number 8 on trending 😊😊😊😊
He got more spawnkills than he bargained for tbf
Almost 250k views
Someone pls explain
I thought you will kill 2 people then you did.\n\n\n\n\n\nBut they were your team 🙃
I've subbed you can you sub me
Hi sjallday0015, its Koray here from UNILAD, hope you're okay! We would love to post this video on our Gaming Facebook page with 2.4+ million fans with credit! I'd really appreciate it if you could get back to me on koray@unilad.co.uk - I look forward to hearing from you! Thanks :)
This is why friendly fire should be removed from any fps games
I saw this on Kotaku highlight reel 😂.
What game is this?
he's such a cutie and seems so innocent!
He's a cute gay guy
I love friendship like these 🙌🏻😊
He seems like such a good guy awh
The girl is so stunning omg
I don't see them together romantically but definitely as GOOOD friends
Was anyone else really happy they clicked really well??!
She is amazing and beautiful, so is he.
Snap judgement: She's so cute...I wanna be her friend.  The gay vibes are very strong with him.
Does Portia have a public insta? She's such a light!
She looks like Rihanna and they both saying no literally broke my heart
That man is sexy!!!
Can we please have an updateee ?
I SWEAR TO GOD IF YOU TWO DONT BECOME BESTFRIENDS IMA FIND YALL
i totally ship them i wish they would date
What is up with all these 500 different sexual orientations tf
She is so beautiful!!
I need this man in my life
The woman is beautiful af
If Janelle Monae and Rihanna had a baby, she would be that offspring...
11:15 😂 ha, love that definition of demi-sexual \nshe's funny
I love her!  I want to be friends with her! 😂
I love these two people.
Someone find her IG PLEASE
He has a great voice !!!!
Go get married. They remind me of my Ma and pa
okay he mentioned PTX and I freaked out !!!
I love them So much!! I really like them as friends!!!
I want to do this
Well I consider myself a pizza. Beat that.
IDC THEY NEED TO GET MARRIED BYE
They were meant to be ❤️❤️
she is so beautiful
Why did I fall in love with Portia though. Like woah
I ship them so hard wtf im mad as hell. Hell no. No. This is not okay.
This made me so happy. Both of them seemed so nice
she really takes after Whitney Houston
They should have skipped all the questions and talk about what they would name their kids because they are soulmates 😂
Pentatonix is my fave group besides tøp but oml I love them too.
shes a perfect mix of Rihanna and Janelle Monáe
HES SOOOOOO PERFECT 😻😻
They harmonize SO well 😍
She looks like Rhianna
Are you nervous?\nHella\nMEEEE
6:38 dannnnggggggg
The Pentatonix 
This episode was slightly cringe
I love Pentatonix 😍
Love her hair
Love these guys
😂
OMG DATE U PERFECT HUMAN BEINGS
THAT WAS SO CUTE AWWWW
YES OMG WHEN HE SAID PENTATONIX I SCREAMED YAS QUEEENNNNNNNN
Damn. So cute!
The Pentatonix THE CRINGE
*on demisexual* I only like Demi Lovato, 😂😂
I JUST LOVE THESE PEOPLE AND THEY WERE SO CUTE TOGETHER
The black girl is beautiful
I bet she changed her final opinion right after she heard him said he wouldn't date her
this is the cutest and the most good vibe date!!!  this is like a bff date!  awww!
her voice is very attractive btw
Anyone else hear Super gay whenever they say Soul Pancake at the end of each vid? No, just me? Ok😂
dang, her speaking voice reminds me of Alicia keyssss so smooth and gorgeous
gay guy or dates just non black chicks... sorry
she needs a strong black woman and he needs a white gay community leader who wants to build a family.
I think I just realized my sexuality..thank you 👍😂 I like the mind to
Pansexual is just a fancy way of saying you're bi, lol what is with these tumblr made up sexuals
He's a living breathing human zombie!!!😂😂 he is attracted to your BRAIN!!!
You are not Native American LMAO . You're black be proud of that. That's like when white people say they're Native American when they look straight from Britain lmao
Omg this was so misleading. I was %100 sure they were going to make a match, I mean look at them sing in the beginning.
love them. their harmonies sound great
his voice is beautiful
they are so cute
No love connection but still loved this episode!!!
They have been my favorite duo so far. Loved them both.
They both look so good i can't
THEY CUTEEEEEE i love this friendship
Awe that didn't turn the way I thought it would
I thougt they would be together
when he said Pansexual is a term that specifically denoted the fact that you're attracted to... i automatically filled in the next word with PANS PANS PANS i am terrible
what is the name of the song that they sing together?
Wth I was thinking that oml they could be a power couple, they really get each other and they're all about the soul etc etc...\nThen they both said nah.. like whaaaat. But I also get why
The best romantic relationships begin with strong friendship. If you don't know that - you'll close a lot of the wrong doors.\n\nAlso, he needs help choosing a suit.
my man dressed up like the president for a blind date
im kind of in love with both of them,,,,,
She looks so much like keke palmer it freaks me out
Wait wait what?! This is like the most cute and best date I've seen on this channel how could they say they would not date like wtf
Oh my god when’s there’s next album 😩😩
They actually sounded good singing together
Only atracted to demi Lovato😂
I love them!
That skin 😍
CUTEST and FUNNIEST one yet!! 😍😂😍😂
THE pentatonix? seriously?
THEY ARE SO CUUUUTE
that's basically biromantic
they would make beautiful babies lol
Either ur gay, straight, or retarded
Fuckin Fags
amaaaaaazing girl!!
Omg I love this palets! ❤
You're precious 😂❤️
What time does it launch today?:)
Omg Soph i LOVE the fact that this is so affordable! And also, shipping to Poland isn't crazy at all, only 6€! Love this. I'll definetly buy it as soon as I get paid haha\nLove ya 💕
Im so incredibly proud of you soph 😍as a creator I just bought the highlighter pallette now to buy the shadow pallette
Ordered the two palettes I can't wait for them to arrive!!xx
I just ordered the eyeshadow palette! I am so excited to get my hands on this❤
Just bought both palettes! So excited to use them! Congrats girl 💗💗
I'm gonna get the eye shadow palette this week! I'm so excited! Love ya Soph!
I love soph and this collection, but i cant help but feel a bit disappointed in the highlight pallete as the first four shades look like an exact copy of the Sleek Solstice palette? I've ordered mine though so hopefully i change my opinion, LOVE the eyeshadow palette though!!! so proud!
My boyfriend bought me both as a surprise today!! I'm so so excited for you soph! So proud and amazed💛💛💛
I have ordered the eyeshadow palette and I am SOOOO excited xxx
Ordered both of my palettes today! You give me so much makeup inspiration and I love watching all of your videos x
omg the shades are so pretty!!
These look amazinggggg 😍
Deffs gonna be getting that eyeshadow pallete. Congrats Soph x
I want this but shipping is $10 😩
I've just ordered it ❤️
So excited to try it just ordered mine ☺️☺️☺️
Literally just placed my order for both! And an extra highlighter for my best friend's birthday present <3
Hi please can you test the MUA winter forest eyeshadow palette you can get it from super drug thanks
I'm so proud of you Soph!!! These look incredible, I'm so happy for you!!! I really really really want to get both of them but I live in New Zealand and unfortunately the shipping is more than both the products combined :(( they genuinely look incredible though and I'm so happy for you xx
Will the be sold at ulta in the USA!?
Omg! I love the intro ❤️😂😂💃🏻\nAnd I'm so proud of you Soph!! I wish I can buy one 😭 the eyeshadow palette look gorgeous!!\n\nEdit: Oh and the ending too. Love them haha 😂😍👌🏽
I'd love to get both of these because they are so pretty 😍😍  (and they hella cheap) but shipping is 31 dollars to New Zealand which is basically the same price as the both of the products ;(
I love you and your channel so much soph, I'm so happy you got to do this and bet you'll get more come out. Can't wait to get my hands on that x
Are there any cool toned colours? I was too tired to watch through your whole 25+ minutes announcement video to check. I have more of a blueish undertone to my skin, which is why pink toned and yellowed toned stuff often doesn't work well with my skin tone. Also, I wear mostly cool toned clothes, so... yeah.
Dude. I had no idea who you were until literally 5 seconds ago. I saw your palette and I was like; Whaaaaaat?! This girl has good taste?! Why haven't i heard of her?? Anyway, I have green eyes so this palette is totally my colour scheme. Thank you for having purple, copper, and cranberry, red and pinks all in the same palette.  A+ job. Subscribed.
How do you remember the shades and if you brought it out. How would we know?
Will this be sold at ULTA ?
I'm so proud of you Soph, beth palettes are stunning!! Pleasantly surprised to discover both are vegan and cruelty free- even better 💚💚
I have just bought the pallet today and will be doing a testing video soon when it comes
What I love is that she still tells the truth about her pallet but still I'm going buy it cause it's bloody amazing well done
These palettes look amazing, Soph! I am so happy for you! :D <3 I do have a massive request and I hope you're going to see this. Since you're working with Makeup Revolution it would be the most amazing thing if you could ask them to get logicalharmony.net approved. It's an amazing source for all of us who want to use true and researched cruelty free brands. I'm not saying Makeup Revolution is not cruelty free but they are on the grey area list and I would love to see them on the 100% cruelty free list. And that would mean I (we) could buy your palettes and I would love to support you! You're such an inspiration, thank you! :) <3
Congratulations Soph, I can't wait to get your highlighter palette it looks insanely gorgeous!
Congratulations! This is amazing. Looking forward to getting the palette. Every time I watch these videos I well up cos it's so obvious how much this means to you. I'm an oldie so nothing cool to add 😎 (except. This )
You should do more collabs ♥️
I just bought both of the palletes ahhhhhh I'm so excited 😝😝😝
I ordered mine and I absolutely can't wait for them to come in!!
Just ordered both palettes!! So excited to get them. Congrats!!!🍾
Oh Sophie, you did an AMAZING JOB with both PALETTES!  I'm so proud of you! 🖒😍😙  I'm running to get my credit card because I am in love with both of them.  I really like that you did cream packaging, and those shades are absolutely gorgeous.  Adam did good by adding you to the team. xx 💖
Ordered it and im soo excited to test it outt  all the way from texas much love 😍💖 ...
Will be getting this palette. Always looking forward cold shades looks :)
Are your lips actually that colour naturally or have you had them coloured? Suuuuper jealous!😱
I usually never buy collabs but I had to order this one! You did so well on putting this palette together - I'm really excited to get mine in the mail soon! Congrats <3
Are ur palettes available in superdrug or boots?
Sophdoesnails  what eyebrows brush do you used ?
Soooooo excited for these palettes!!!
Aagghhhh ordered these today!! V excite 😍
SOLD, aghhh ilysm
Looks so gorgeous 😍sooo proud of you!!!❤️😘😘
Just ordered the eyeshadow palette buzzzzzzzzzinggggg xo
i got them 🤗🤗🤗❤️
ordered at 10:28 😀😀💓💓💓
anyone knows if the palettes are tambeauty exclusives? where else can I find them? thanks
How much is this palette?\nsorry if it's already mentioned in the video but I didn't watch it all
Congrats on your palettes.They're gorgeous. Love you lots.
Can't believe how far you've come! Will definitely be buying the highlighter palette as even the darker shades can be used as eye shadows! 💕
So exciting!!!!! I know I want them both😍😍
I can't wait to get these! The prices are so great, and I'm so excited to try those highlighters 😍❤️
I sooo need it! I need also to tell you that its soo nice to see you every time in the video so keep going girl! I love u❤
Are these only going to be on the website or will they be coming to ulta stores at all?
what brush do you use to highlight? Also congrats on the pallets x
Oooook! I have bought them both in Tam Beauty, and two friends of mine I recommended them they bought them too. See you from Spain, love your personality and your channel so much! Love your new colab with MUR!!! Soon will be a video of the collection in my chanel to support you, my chanel is in spanish but hope you subscribe too or my Instagram (Potigirls) I will be very happy because I like you sooo much. Hope you like my video too when I'll do it, I'll have to wait like a week because it's coming from UK... love you Sophie you're ❤️❤️❤️ 😘😘😘 all my support always!!! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I literally screamed when I placed the order for both of the palettes, I really scared my mum 😂 \nI'm so happy for you soph!!!❤️❤️❤️ can't wait to try them out 😍😍
I have mine ordered! So excited!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Ahhh yay Soph this is so exciting, just ordered the eye shadow palette cannot wait to use it!
Inlove with these products! Will def be purchasing! Cx
I'M SO EXCITED
Do you know if ULTA is going to carry them?! They're beautiful 😭😭
I have to wait 3 weeks to buy them because I don't have enough money 😞
so proud of you soph i just ordered the eyeshadow palette ahh i'm so excited X
Love the shades and shade names. Beautiful palette Soph ❤️
You did such an amazing job on this palette 🙌
I woke up at 10 especially this morning after finishing work last night at 4am just so I could buy the both pallets they are so beautiful and I'm so excited for them to arrive ❤️
Is there any special code or anything? Xx sorry I don't want to sound rude or ungrateful
I usually watch signed out but I finally logged in to say how proud and excited I am for your pallet!
I have loads of palettes and I haven't used any of them recently because I'm being makeup lazy 😂 but as soon as I watched your previous video I knew I wanted to buy your one! I swear seeing your excitement made me quite emotional... \nI really like your genuineness and I wanted to support you ❤️\nKeep it real, Soph. You're doing great xxx
Omg I need!! Am getting one ❤ xxx
I love how happy Soph looks in this video
I bought both palettes today cause they are so gorgeous 😍❤
Been supporting and loving soph for ages and I'm so happy for her. I cannot wait to buy both products they look amazing 💜
Will these palettes be available in stores ? If so when ? Thanks x
I want to buy both 😍😭 it looks amazing
I've already bought it my brother girlfriend works there and I asked her to see if it was in they only got delivered 1 of each so I got them
Are these only being sold on tambeauty? Or ulta as well?!? I want them
Anyone who buys these, could you please upload videos doing looks with them or reviews?  I'm just waiting to get paid this week before i buy the eye shadow palette and would love to see more of it in the meantime! xx
Seen these in my superdrug today, they aren't out yet but I think they will be soon, woo excited!
JUST BOUGHT THEM BOTH FROM TAMBEAUTY! so excited, they're both so gorgeous i can't wait to try them out! congrats soph they're amazing x
where is your lip plumper from😍😍😍
I just ordered both of them, so excited😊💗
Omg your palettes look really gorgeous !! I wish i was living in Uk,but i'm in Turkey and i can't reach them,it's sad :(((
i'm in love with these ! will we be able to get them at sephora? lmao
i just ordered mine and im so excitedddd
Im soooo happy for you
Ordered both your palettes can't wait to try them out myself 😊
Just bought both! I'm super excited!!!!
Ordered mine at 10.35am next day delivery can't wait. Thank you Sophie for creating such lovely palettes. The colours are as say in the words of \nShane Dawsonthey are everything. 👍👍👍❤️❤️
WHERE CAN I BUY THESE I LIVE IN THE US!! SERIOUSLYYYYYYY.  I have looked everywhere and there is no news of your launch. AND TODAY IS THE DAY YOU SAID IT LAUNCHESSS!!
Magic sound out of touch asf.
Magic: he stood up... LMAO
probably the first time, I heard snoop talk without saying bitches and hoes..
Only difference is backup QB's are not asking for millions of dollars. Fuck Kap, He's trash and needs to just focus on his black panther bullshit..Lol
It's crazy looking at snoop now compared to the death row days 😂
Snoop look like he got stone 3-5 hours before he got on the show...
snoop and magic, I don't think they're could possibly be a cooler panel
Kap should do like Terelle Pryor and switch to wide receiver
Help a team win????? Hello helped the niners win one game out of eleven with his 1-10 record last year.
We have a pussy grabbing lying racist as president, but Kaep is being vilified for protesting.
For fucking Christ's sake, COLIN HAS NOT DONE ANYTHING BUT WEAR A FUCKING TSHIRT, AN AFRO, AND TAKE A KNEE!!!! It's not like he is out brandishing a weapon at civilians! What is so wrong behind that?
Kaepernick will not buck dance ok back down. I support Kaepernick 100 %
Why doesn't he just go to the CFL then?? LOL
Conservatives get black balled in Hollywood all the time for their beliefs. So whats so special about Kaepernick getting black balled in the NFL? ESPN employs BLM activists instead of sportcasters to pump out white hate and Kaepernick supports that. Let him go work at ESPN and join the club.\nJust because you can throw a ball does not mean your owed a job in the NFL. You think Kaepernick is the only one who has more skill then some in the NFL? If you apply at my work and I don't like you, I should still be forced to hire you? F that.
What happened to the very next comment, made by Max Kellerman, ESPN? Didn't want anyone to hear that again, huh?
Love these guys (except for max) but talking aboit bads schools and bools being torn. Magic has clearly never been a teacher. The kids r awful, they r the ones tearing the books.
Snoop probably went to ESPN high af😂😂
Colin wasn't helping my niners win the last season he was there. He had a hot couple of years. He's not an elite passer. The other stuff just the icing on the cake.
so, Pac wasn't cool with Snoop Dogg?
why does it seem everyone that is backin colin now was quiet as shit at the time of his protests?
Trust, if you can ball or be top 10-12 at your position you ALWAYS get a second shot in the NFL. But if you are just ON THE TEAM you become a distraction and not a team enhancement. PERIOD.\n\nSo there are 12 QB's as a GM i would take over Kaep, easily. And my NFL team building strategy at the QB position changes drastically if my QB choice is under top 12-15. I move the time and dollar resources to full other needs on the team until my QB options improve. But to offer you a second chance you can just be a guy on the team.
thought magic had dreads in the thumbnail lol
That's y we NEED MORE BLACK OWNERS!
Yea this is what we needed,nigga that has aids to talk about black problems...whats next??Magic johnson faggot tranny son will come to the show to speak  about tranny lives? Snoop Dog like 60 year old stil reps crip gang and killed innocent men and they not put him in jail...yeah these are the voices black peoples needs to listen...some aids dude that has tranny son,and some 60 year old nigga still acting like he gangbanger
Snoop needs to be a regular on this show. I'd rather have his real opinions on things than hear Will Cain try to analytically dissect and disagree with everything SAS and Max say. Would put a real positive spin on this show, which sometimes tends to devolve into bickering and arguing over abstract points and ideologies.
Is Colin Kaepernick going to take the Colts to the playoffs? Nope. The jets? Nope. The jags? Nope. He's not some transcendent player who is going to make your team great so don't try to tell me that if they cared about winning they'd sign Kaepernick. Oh by the way it is a good move for owners to not sign him because there are lots of people protesting the NFL over these guys kneeling for the anthem so regardless of how Stephen A feels, Kaepernick did offend a good portion of the audience.
Come subscribe to my channel! The top 100 subs will be entered in a giveaway!!!
why does she talk wtf. just sit there and look hot. women shouldnt be analysts
CAN WE PLEASE FUCKING STICK TO SPORTS!!!!
but who wants him ?
Oh and by the way.... hard drug use in america has increased again in america as if its the 80s......  and guess what culture is the most followed/popular with the new generation?.....     I know people are still too primitive to understand this but racism in America is not your number 1 problem black ppl..........    never has been.   Who lives freer than black males in america?  Watch your television
That's true snoop dog!! But them folks ain't trying hear that.. it is what it is..
Snoop Dog is actually better than Will Clown
It's not football something u u use your hands dumb Americans
Stephen A. Smith and snoop hit me up guys, I got some doctors that could fix those hairlines that go all the way back to segregation.
Kap is going to be recognized as one of the greatest humanitarians of all time, keep it up white America.
Lost all respect for snoop' s heroin smoking ass after the Floyd and Connor fight
Hey I don't turn on ESPN for politics now I got to stop watching ESPN because it a Biased Network come on freaking racecards going to now be in sports give me a freaking break... Why don't you just go on strike and not even have the football season just because of one jerk
Snoop the sell out,  SAS is more gangsta
Magic Johnson and Snoop Dogg. Thats a lotta greatness right there
Maybe he's too much of an off field distraction that hasn't produced enough on the field to be on a team. 85% of the league is black. Shut up with this racist bs.
Stoop dog on the set
ESPN is a fucking disgrace u have a scumbag like snoop who make a video about killing Donald Trump and people should take he's black ass seriously fuck out of here.
Tom Savage lasted two quarters before getting pulled. \nMatt Moore didn't even get a chance to be the starter when Tennehill went down.\nMark Sanchez  is the third string QB on the bears.\nGeno Smith broke his jaw on his team-mate's fist but is good enough to backup Eli.\nBut Kaep can't even get an interview. The NFL is just 32 billionaires making money on the backs of people willing to destroy their bodies. There are 30 players in the NBA with guaranteed contracts of more than $100m. There are zero in the NFL.
Steven A. 100% right when he said, the NFL owners feel it will effect their bottom line, it sounds good to me. It is a business after all. And with 70% of the NFL player being black it's obvious this has nothing to do with racism. Blacks will still try to interject race into the reason, but they always do that all the time.
Good thing Colin had some skills because he's about the ugliest MF in football.
If us working people brought our politics  into work and cost the boss MONEY  we'd be out on my ass real quick
The NFL will be just fine without Colin Kaepernick.
People seem to forget that Colin Kaepernick grew up in a white family and a town that is basically all white in Turlock California. Why isn't anybody talking about that. And I live 20 minutes north of Turlock and I used to work there and I can tell you in equivocal that town is very Prejudice towards so-called minorities. I was working at a grocery store called Save Mart back in 2005 just helping out for 2 months because I worked in Modesto and these people acting like that never seen a black guy before I felt like I stepped into the sixties..
cilon krapdick is a nigger and so is poop dog
The man went to the Superbowl, and the following year, went to the NFC championship game. He can ball-out with the best of em.
UNTIL HE'S BACK HIRED THE NFL IS FIRED IN MY HOUSE
White supremacy is the conscious or unconscious belief or the investment in the inherent superiority of some, while others are believed to be innately inferior. And it doesn't demand the individual participation of the singular bigot. It is a machine operating in perpetuity, because it doesn't demand that somebody be in place driving.\nMichael Eric Dyson\nIt doesn't exist!
CHARLOTTVILLE ? REALLY SNOOP ...WHAT ABOUT MISSOURI or EVEN MIAMI 🤔😏\n#GTFOH
Naw answer his question. What did he do that was so bad?
LMFAO!\nThey are asking the opinion of snoop lion, snoop dog or whatever his name is.  This guy made a living by rapping about violence and fucking hos. I guess they have to get the opinion of the average black man.
I'm good on football, I'll just catch the Raider highlights
well since you all backing up mr colin kaepernick...let me ask you all the same question...why kaepernick didn't do this kneeling shit when barack obama was in office for 8 fucking years?
It was peaceful that's why
This is a stupid question of Kaepernick not being on a roster. Just say, Listen, we want to test you to see whether or not we conform you to our opinion on issues so you can keep your money. It doesn't matter, it's not an issue, and both Snoop and Magic should just say, I'm making money and making moves and I'll hire Kaep and he doesn't need to risk CTE or ridicule. It's a stupid set-up question and I can't give you guys all this money without making you think like me. Here's the money, say what I tell you to say. Yeah, we are going to pretend like this is a casual conversation... HAHAHAHA!!!
Most all Protest by BLM is not peaceful. So what is your point Snoop? Looting, Vandalism, murder, and so on should be overlooked for a righteous cause. Uh, No!
I personally don't agree with his kneel during the anthem but the fact that he exercised the 1st amendment is what I respect. That takes real courage and especially since he's a good quarterback, he should be on an NFL team. Plus I can name players off the top of my head that have done far worse things and violent things as opposed to a completely peaceful protest so that's inexcusable for the NFL.
So sad how the world will accept mess but wont take a chance on somebody who is doing something unharmful smh!
Americas greatest fear is an Education Black Man.
The Colin kaepernick protesters the people you hate in the long run is the 70%of  black players and the people and things that support
The colts could definitely use him the backup they have is trash jets can use him they aren't favored in any game this season might as well see what he can do because if you aren't favored in any game this season then that means it won't hurt nothing or at least sign him to a practice squad
the moral of the story here is snoop dog set up and got 2pac murdered in Las Vegas 1996 and got away with murder twice.
All this because of some fat, overweight, ugly, donut sucking white assholes
The problem is that he isn't good enough to be worth the distractions he will bring. If he was a Tom Brady or an Aaron Rogers, teams would sign his ass in a heartbeat.
Colin is a fkn bullshitter. He wanted attention. Once he needed a contract he stands up fkn sell out
Stick to sports espn
Msespn at it again
He's not on a team because he's not worth the distraction he'll bring. Blaine Gabbert was starting over this dude
Kaepernick was already benched, talk of him being cut, BEFORE he ever started kneeling. He's just not good enough, never was a team player, and not worth the trouble. It's not like he is a cut superstar. He's like 3-16 over the past 3 seasons!
snoop talking about black lives nigga you got away with murder wtf
When did ESPN become SJWN?
Snoop almost Snitched! :-)
Craig Hodges
Racist people hate kap #FUCKracistPatriots
Kaepernick gon end up broke.
White Supremacy is Americas TRUE Tradition.
Colts, Jets, Broncos, Jaguars, etc need him asap
Snoop and MJ = racists
Magic Johnson is NBA wtf
echo chamber
Colin sucks
Kaepernick should visit with some of the Professional Cuban baseball players who left that country ... doubt they are as big of fans of mass murderer Fidel Castro as Kap is.
Colin kaepernick is bad for business, and nfl teams are businesses before all why is this so hard to understand he wanted to make a statement and he did now he will face the consequences  for it. FREEDOM IS NOT FREE
Liberal espn, colin is a scrub.
LOL the retards in commenting are being so dishonest. None of these guys know shit about football.\nKaepernick is a backup, or a starter on a bottom 5 team at best. Once you look at all the negative publicity he brings with him it's no surprise whatsoever no team wants him. Miami would've signed him, but wait huge Cuban population who hate Kaepernick because of his Castro support ( pretty disgusting, I mean the guy was a genocidal dictator ). Also, the Ravens were set to sign him, and his gf sends out a racist as f tweet that ruined the deal, as Ray Lewis has been attesting to.\nThere are studies that have been done showing the NFL's loss in viewership was directly tied to these anthem protests, so if a player is already bad and does this shit, none of you can act shocked or disgusted when they get cut.\nThe owners have a vested interest in keeping viewership up. Capitalism only cares about making money, it doesn't care about your skin color or your sexuality morons
What these rich bozos don't understand is that the middle class OVERWHELMINGLY disagrees with Kaepernick's tactics. They see it as disrespect toward our military. So regardless of the truth in his protest, MOST, and yes, MOST, sports fans see it as disrespectful. Stop trying to twist it into a race thing because it ain't.
Whats up with Snoops face???? ive never seen him with that much makeup on
We all know what's up by now right? Let those in this country continue to hide their racism and bigotry behind false beliefs, and let's continue to call them out and expose them for what they truly are. Make America great, this time!
White people only tolerate black people when they entertain.....nobody is asking for Kap to get back in a league that is full of white supremacist owners, coaches, and some players who are white.
Colin kap is trash and cant lead a decent offense. Hes a distraction disrepcting our anthem and flag. Fuck that wanna be hood rat. Dude is whiter than micheal rappaport under that little tan of his.
Kap = trash!!\n\n#FuckBlackLivesMatter!!!
Something isn't right here Snoop Dogg clean cut and not high the world is going to hell
When will the race baitors of ESPN realize Kap is a garbage QB? Sure some QBs in the league are trash; replacing trash with trash just leaves you with the same old trash
Collin kaepernick has the right to protest. With that said, these owners have the right not to sign his ass if they don't want him. No matter what you believe or what you do, actions have consequences. You don't have to like it but that's just the way it is.
Kaepernick doing it just to impress his pretty girlfriend from ISIS
He's a clown
All I know is that Pennywise is such an awesome band.
The only real plot hole that bothered me was: how the hell did Bill melt that wax for the boat at the beginning??
You did a really fantastic job with this one. I especially like the part about how his friends would judge him and the twisty slide bit. That's good stuff. Word painting. Nice.
Just admit it Pennywise! Just admit that you like being a clown! I would be that monster friend.
Sadly, they didn't really explain Beep beep, Richie in the movie.\n\nIt was actually what the Losers Club said to stop him when he ran off at the mouth too much, which happened a lot.
I believe he turned the kid to go after the others as a defensive mechanism. For the first time, he has something hunting him down. If he fears that they might no longer fear him, then he may want or need outside intervention.
Physical trauma is a weakness of mine, too.
damn, lady! you look hot in this vid <3 <3 <3
I think he manipulates people into killing because a murderer on the loose is freaky, and he might feed off of any fear, not just the fear of him.
I will always upvote a Jenny video.
Is clown college still a thing? \n\nCLM
It was more of a comedy then a horror movie honestly
When the patreon credits came up.... WHOA!  O_O
IT and a Turtle are Mortal Enemies.
This video was ripe for clown-nose wearing potential.  Wasted.
what the hell was that the vietnam wall memorial for the ending ?\nwtf was that x)
What are you afraid of Jenny?
I heard this theory that he’s a clown because “pennywise” the identity, is of a serial killer like John Wayne gasey in that universe. Because all of the forms he takes are of preexisting entities, like Beverly’s Dad or the lumberjack statue or the flute painting or Georgie
Where is the giant porg!?
I gave Jenny a thumbs up for the massive list of credits at the end, amazing :)  Your humor is top notch
I love you Jenny
penny wise & pound foolish. no one needs to know this tripe. learn to read a real book like The Way of All Flesh.
Funny how? Like I'm a clown, I amuse you? They shoulda gotten Joe Pesci to play Pennywise. They coulda had him beat some kid to death with a shinebox.
I wish she could make a movie, so I can try really, really hard to make a sarcastic video about it......
Ok, this is my favorite Jenny video by a wide margin. Her, I guess you'd call it trademark almost bored tone made describing a killer clown the funniest thing I'm likely to watch today. It's 7am and I've already hit my funny peak.
From this movie, I learned that Pennywise was an actual clown that died in a previous Derry incident. \nIT probably just finds this form more universally fear inducing than the other forms he uses. \nI expect when he lets people get away it's because he wants to let the fear simmer for a bit. \nAlso the key to defeating him is friendship, like most of life's problems. \nhttps://pics.me.me/doubt-2-youre-right-i-cant-do-it-you-cant-20047874.png\nStephen King's IT: Friendship is Magic.
my god what happened to your porg! it shrunk!
A big spider huh....thats an interesting notion ;]
Why is that porg so tiny?!
Nah, penny wise says beep beep to Richie as a reference to the book. The kids used beep beep as an indicator for Richie to stop running his mouth yeah?
I'm sorry—that was a great video—but the camera wasn't set right.
Jennys hair looks like she got shes all that-ed right before she started shooting where she took off her glasses and shook down her hair in slowmo....but then couldnt see so she had to put the glasses back on
i always figured that the more fear a kid experiences the more the fear flavor builds inside them. Like how adrenaline makes animals taste gamey.
I was just picturing Pennywise telling the Crimson King he was going to take the form of a Clown.
Do more stars wars erotica fan fiction.
Ok well now I feel like a total idiot for liking the movie. Thanks Jenny.
I was with It, more or less, right up to the point where the kids locate the house and decide to wander in and tackle the supernatural killer monster with, uh... friendship? Stern disapproval? I guess they thought they'd prove it was real by having it tear them all to shreds. I found it tough to y'know, BUY IN after that point. Not to go all in the book, but in the book they plan the EFF out of their first assault on it. With weapons, even!
it was said in an effort to let richie know that he went too far. As far as the origin of it, at the time that part of the novel was set, shows featuring comedians and variety shows were very poular. At the end of the comedian's jokes, they would beep a horn, similar to the 'drumroll' that we associate with the end of jokes on modern stand up comedy routines. So the beep beep richie part was basically saying, Ok richie, joke's over!
I love your analyses, but damnit don't ruin IT for me with your logic lol
In the book, the whole point of Pennywise in his clown guise was to lure kids in by appearing harmless fun and goofy. The first part of the novel takes place in 1957, decades before the whole ironic creepy clown trope was a thing. Although creepy clowns have always been around, it wasn't as prevelant back then. A clown was still a credible disguise. \nBy moving the setting up 30 years, you make Pennywise's modus operendi rather dubious. Not to mention the fact that Bill Skarsgard didn't even try to appear anything other than a creepy monster.
There really was no rhyme or reason to his tactics. The only consistency was him ending a scene as a clown.
YES Jenny I'm so glad you made a video about this
I don't think it was pennywise but the actor who had never seen or heard of clowns before accepting the role. Thanks in part to the 1990s big tobacco cases that banned phillip morris from promoting clowns to children and the truth about clowns campaign.
Never trust a man with large shoes.. \n\n\n.. my dad put on his size 11's and walked out on us
Hey! This was fun. I'm curious, did you enjoy the movie?
Just watched the 90s version.  The talking head in the fridge, shaking and yelling WE ALL FLOAT DOWN HERE! was a reoccurring thing in my childhood nightmares.  Looking forward to the new film.
Soooooo, did you like it?
YES! My biggest problem with most horror movies is how illogically the murderers behave. Why would you toy with your victims in a way that implies there is an audience watching? Unless......are the monsters aware of us, the moviegoers? Is Pennywise's food actually our approval as the audience? Dun dun dun!!!
Deadpan, deeply perceptive, ironic, hilarious and very clever. Not sure if we deserve you, Jenny (meant in a good way).
This movie was great though
What are you looking for is reference to which pill was Eddie looking for.
I'm new here
So everything from this point back is Pre-Porg. You can tell by the hollow and soulless look in her eyes.
I know nothing about any sci-fi but i find her delivery so funny that she is one of 5 youtube subscriptions i have.
Oh how I wish, not for the first time, that I hadn't read the godawful Youtube comments.
Honestly, if I hadn't read the book and had only seen the movie, I wouldn't give a shit about who the kids were and what happened to them. Like the movie was 2 hours long and we barely learned anything about our main characters.
Pennywise likes play with his food. There, 65% of the plot holes are covered.
If I had a penny for every beep beep is from the book comment on here I'd be penny wise
What if he went across monkey bars whilst upside down... like all gravity defying like?
So, like a crocodile, Pennywise is an ambush predator. ;)
You're very pretty in glasses
You're so pretty.
Just admit to us that you like being a clown haha, I can imagine him sitting there with a sad clown face when they say that to him.
My goodness you are attractive
as glad as i was when you went over to screen junkies just in hopes you'd make some money off your work, these are by far you best videos.  millennial falcon is great but i'm interested in hearing what you have to say on more than the one topic.
3:13 He can dance if he wants to.  He can leave his friends behind.  Because his friends don't dance, and if they don't dance, then they're no friends of mine.\n\n*safety dances out of the comment section*
I am so glad you did a video about the film! I saw it opening day and enjoyed so much more than I expected so I've wanted to talk about it a lot more, and you talking about it makes it feel like a conversation with a good friend ^_^\nAfter thinking about it, I theorize that Pennywise is either unable to hurt/kill a child unless they are afraid (or maybe they're just tastier when he's built up fear in them, like fear is the marinade and the longer they soak in it, the more satisfying, because I mean, he attacked Georgie no problem, but maybe he was like ehhh needs more fear) oooorrrr he's just a total egomaniac like most villains and decides that his prey must acknowledge how frightening he is to boost his self esteem or idk, maybe he wasn't hugged enough as a wee alien monster clownie.
You know nothing of It beep beep Richie is what they say to Richie to shut up. He feeds on fear. And he likes scared children he says they taste better scared. He wants to scare them to eat them but he made a mistake of letting them live longer he thaught he could eat scare them more so that they would taste better
I never cared for Pennywise the band
With the final confrontation with Pennywise they should have played a song from Queen.
I've always felt that the deadites from the Evil Dead franchise feed off of fear as well, that to them it's a kind of art. Sometimes killing people is necessary for creating that fear, but if you watch enough Evil Dead stuff you start to realize that they take relatively few opportunities to actually kill.\n\nOff-topic, but whatever. I'm drunk.
Mostly true lol, but for the first one he wasn't trying to catch him, he was trying to scare him because to him the more afraid they are the better they taste. That's also why he takes his time since hes trying to build up how scared they are. Funny video though
You're braver than I. I was not going to watch a killer clown movie.
Hey. Jenny. You. Are. Beautiful. And. Clever. :)
4:10 o my goodness i didnt even think in that scene that way, now thats the only way ill think of it now. I HATE U FOR THIS
The clown, not the punk rock band
I adore your sarcasm
i see you washed that porg and it shrunk down to a managable size.
Pennywise likes floating.
Yummy.
Hahah
MeOw.
Jennywise!
I like this.
You are gorgeous
Stop trying to make Twisty Slides happen Pennywise!
Marry me
Ok
Great stuff as usual... :)
Jenny is Pennywise, but occasionally she is Porg foolish.
😃 That was... funny? I didn't laugh, but I'm pretty sure this was funny.
For once, I completely agree with this lady. Pennywise was not scary, and IT was very disappointing.
The sausagefest that is your patreon account is always the best piece of comedy in your videos
Long time watcher, first time commenter. Your awesome. That is allz
Sarcasm for most of the duration of this video... a big dislike from me. Just say it suck already if you hate it so much.. rather than beating around the bush like some b**ch!
holy fuck was she bit in the face by a dog when she was a kid or something?
Look, someone who didn't read the book. How could this very simple concept of a movie elude you? My 9 year old kept up, I thought you were intelligent... Or is that just what you keep wanting us to think that? Also, 42 percent of people are afraid of clowns. And pennywise got greedy and wanted all those kids and he built up their fear for too long. Clearly to his down fall... Do you even pay attention to the movies you watch or just pick up shit you wanna bitch about to be a hipster?
You're beautiful and a nerd.  <3
shut up
When Bruce tapped is way through the purley Gates, God turned around and said Nice to see you, to see you.. Nice!
amazing person, one of my favourites like robin Williams. big loss
i live in the US, but i remember Sir Bruce Forsyth's Hot Streak game show, will always love It's nice to see you, to see you...(claps hands, throws hands out) NICE!  RIP Sir Bruce
That Alesha/Bruce moment at 4:39: EPIC! Both had a lot of chemistry during that duet.
He's my favourite.
😭😭😭 Keep dancing Brucie!!
The legend!!!!!!
:'(
🙁🙁🙁🙁
Bruce died on my birthday, I grew up watching him and loved him to bits. So devastated.
7.33 tess so genuine bless her .rip brucie
NICE TO SEE YOU ! TO SEE YOU      NICE!! 😂😭
I'm not crying, you're crying.
So sad had a little tear in my eye rip Bruce your be missed kept dancing ❤️😭
Loved the dancers doing Bruce pose, at the end
Brought tears to my eyes.  Sad to lose another one of our greats.
RIP THE LEGEND! We will miss you!
He was born in London.  He was a wonderful man.
Didnt like strictly but you cant deny the fact that he was a legend.
So sad, may he RIP :(
Thanks to the BBC, I'm going to give it a year or two before deciding my emotions on Brucie are worth holding.
Bruce was an incredible man. It still breaks my heart to think that he's really gone.\n\nplease excuse me while I dry my eyes.
He had a real love of life and lived it to the max. I aim to cheer up a bit and try and b happy.
I will going to miss him so much and he was so caring wonderful loveable and amazing person i know he came on to my tv when i was watched strictly come dancing and he make's my  Saturday's night's with a smile on my face
Loved that routine at the end, pure class, and a very special group pose in tribute had me in tears.  Tess was too, I think, and well done Claudia for putting a supportive arm around her.  Great stuff.
Will miss him so much
He was awesome 😭😭😢😢
Legend 😢
You're my favourite.
RIP
much loved xx
Up up and away. 🕊
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1003176996491368&id=758062871002783
Pper pig cartuns
R.I.P
B
:) ;)
goo.gl/2eY18S SALE at £5.99! double Cubic zirconia bracelet. Includes free gift bag and free delivery! #sparkle #sparkly #deal
A LEGEND. RIP.
Surgeon record shortage whereas police clearly plane bit.
legend
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | exclusivewriter.co.uk/
Rip
Ripose in pace Bruce xx
We love you Brucie
So sad 😢😢😢
Bruce Forsyth singlehandedly makes me proud to be British.
I've watched strictly for years and years Sir Bruse was and will always me a LEGEND in everything he has done and no one will ever top him... rest in peace you brilliant man xx
RIP Brucie, they don't make them like you anymore :( <3
It won't be the same without sir bruce
Bruce keep dancing in heaven you will be greatly missed
I was in Cardiff when i heard the news. Very sad but he had a fabulous life! Keep dancing Bruce!
Still hard to believe end of an era
Is it just me who thinks Brucey looked like Basil Brush?
If only there was a love button to this video and not just a like button ...
Thos was just a perfect way to pay tribute to the amazing Brucie.
wasnt he a dirty pervert like the rest of them .??
I am gonna miss Sir Bruce Forsyth
Weres it's nice to meet you to meet you nice
Don't know how anyone can dislike this tribute R.I.P to an icon
Who's cutting those onions ??😭😭😭
They may aswell cancel the show because it just isnt the same without him
No, no...just something in my eye.
Visit :https://youtu.be/gGeyeljTcdE\nTo learn new
R.I.P Sir Bruce Forsyth\n\nIt's nice to see you nice\n\n1928 - 2017\n\nWill be forever missed, and no one will replace the charm he gave to Saturday night TV
This is soooo sad 😭😩⭐️ he will all was be a star ❤️
Wow he's finally dead (Liked the OLD lad)
I was so shocked when they said this on the BBC, Terry now Bruce! RIP 😭
Absolute legend loved by all, he will be missed ❤️
I want a threesome with Claudia and Tess.
He entertains my grandparents, parents, siblings and nieces and nephews.  Nice to see you 🖤
How To Download YouTube Video's On SNAPTUBE \n \nDirect link\n👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇\nhttp://ksa.pm/6ag
Wow, I didn't expect to cry watching this. RIP to a true legend.
I held it together until Tess's voice broke. What a beautiful dedication. I know he'll be missed by many
So sad theses old school entertainers who were such pros at their job now disappearing off our stages.\nHe was so good at what he did,he was a natural.\nRIP Brucie. Thanks for your dedication  for all of thoses years.
Sir Bruce was special, he was an ICON!
I was really upset to hear old Brucie died a peaceful death. I would have preferred a slow painful agonizing one.
It was nice to see you Brucie to see you nice for the last time RIP
What an amazing man.. he will be missed 😢❤️
Respect to All who contributed to the lasting memories of Sir Bruce. It was so rounded showing all his fun and kindness. Thank you Strictly Family.❤️
Nice to see ya ! To see ya nice
I have been watching this my whole life. When I was told this I felt a lump in my throat. Can't believe he is gone. He was so amazing 😥😥😥
When did this MF die?
Amazing, talented and will be greatly missed.  From the early days at the Palledium an all round professional.
did bruce forsyth have any comments about skinheads?
Miss brucey so much such an amazing man\nRest in peace
Out with his version of frank Sinatra, lovely tribute
Watching this in Mexico as missed the show & cant get it on iPlayer & have tears 😭 in eyes.Felt so sorry for Tess,& Claudia did well for her.Anton & the rest of the dancers 💃 what a superb tribute. Thanks Brucie for the memories.
How can anybody dislike this video?!
I remember watching strictly every Saturday night when I was a child \nMemories 🙌🏽
What a lovely tribute to him. *tears* He really is a tv legend never to be forgotten :')
Ukrainian Dancing with the Stars seems to me much better. But it's cool too.
Nice to of seen you too of seen you....
Another pointless reality show.. No disrespect to Sir Bruce
I thought he died years ago. Shame
What a legend.....You will truly be missed 😢
fuck off
Another BME Broadcasting Production - where are the gay couples; where are the Muslim women wearing a niqab; where are the disabled people, do they not have a right to participate?  This is outrageous from a publicly funded State TV broadcaster!?
Yo guys doing a giveaway sub and do instructions on my latest video to enter I'm giving away a tablet
He turned 'Strictly' into the 'Bruce Forsyth Show' and ruined it. Good riddance.
Fleur please can you link the products you are wearing during your videos. Also whats your fav mascara?
Omg I want EVERYTHING😍
Hi Fleur! I love your new in videos, they are my fave! Tell us please, what lip product you are wearing? You look beautiful!
Fleur, the YSL 24 hour foundation's third ingredient is alcohol. This will age your skin, make you dry, and since you have normal skin...this will make you very dry and crepey.
Please tell us the shade for foundations you purchase.
Looking gorgeous Fleur x
wow that lancome highlighter was pathetic...
Honest Beauty reviews: \nhttp://normalhumanreviews.blogspot.co.uk/?m=1
Thank You Fleur x x x
Loooovee your video Fleur. Are the giveaway worldwide?
👌😍😍😍
OOo the asos packaging is so cute
I agree hate metallic lipsticks/gloss! X
Intrigued by that lip plumper balm
OMG so much lipstick indeed!
I seriously would stop watching the vlog if you would regularly end them on the last day you were filming :P It just brings a smile to my face everytime I hear I forgot to end the vlog. I can't wait for all the vlogs to come pregnant and hopefully some with a little MinideForce <3
You were taged by Louise  to do a baby names challenge can you please do it i would love to hear your favourite names
Why is everyone losing their mind over her nail polish. It's lavender-> 💅🏻
Is the Lancôme x Olympia Highlighter only available in the UK and Canada? Haven't been able to find it in America. 😭
Can you make new grwm and tutorial videos? Those are my favorite!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
@fleurdeforce what are you wearing on your lips in this video? So pretty
I love the new Chanel perfume it smell so good
I was wondering what mascara you were wearing and I must say it looks amazing xxx
I'd like to see swatches from the black/blue etc lipsticks. It's hard to find good opaque lipsticks in these colours so I'm curious about the quality of those high end ones :)
Are you sure these products are safe for you since you are pregnant? All my friends while pregnant used only organic products...mainly natural tints, mineral powders and only oils as skincare. Now I am a bit confused about right pregnant lifestyle.
Is it too early to get be getting excited for your Christmas gift guides 2017?
could we possibly see a tutorial using the new makeup revolution collaboration with soph? (soph does nails)
I like the idea behind the Hourglass refillable lipsticks but something seems...cheap about it.
I saw some reviews for the bare minerals foundation they used the beauty blender instead of the brush that comes with it and they actually really like it !
Please do pregnancy clogs on your vloging Chanel so we can follow your pregnancy
I really need to try the Balmain collection!
Great.  Apparently I smell like your grandmother....lol
Everyone loves that ysl foundation but it has alcohol (not the good kind) as the 3rd ingredient!!! That is so bad for your skin! I'm so confused why everyone loves it knowing it will hurt their skin :/. Maybe no one is looking at the ingredients?
Definitely not a metallic lip girl
why can i listen to you all day? haha.. thx for this video. what's on your nails?
very nice video and some interesting stuff you got there
Haha! I wear the same perfume as your Grandma!!! I'm so honoured! I love my rich, musky scents. Can't wait to give the new one a try!
what is her nail polish colour she is wearing?
I never got the lip plumper hype as well.
you did not ramble too much about one product but gave a whole general view of each of every product. Good job.
You're awesome!! A 20 min video of Fleur!!
Can someone help me. Is there any way to buy Fleur's brow define internationally? I really want to try it but I'm from Australia.
What mascara are you wearing? It's lovely! X
I keep hearing people saying Gabrielle is Chanel's is the newest fragrance in 15 years. Did everyone forget Coco Noir was released in 2012?
To me the Hourglass lip refillable is usless becuz the refill itself is very small and nice already. Why need a case?
I would love to know your thoughts on the YSL all hours foundation. I always love all your foundation choices. I appreciate how u went through all the products.. right to the point. Hahaha
I got the matte stain from YSL in 1 and 11. Actually abit regretful. They are average except the packaging.
What foundation are you wearing in this video?
Sorry if I missed this, but did Fleur stop highlighting her hair due to pregnancy?
I haven't even heard of the Lancôme release until this video😶😶
Hello Fleur!!!! Ugh!!! One of my favorite videos you do but yet it's also one of the dangerous ones. I literally have a bad habit of buying anything you recommend. for example I bought the new Jo Malone perfume you showed on your IG story the next you posted it but I'm justifying that purchase as a bday gift to myself. I was wondering if you have any suggestions of any YouTubers that have good make up suggestions/tutorials for olive skin. I love how you do your makeup. Its simple and it's more to enhance your look rather than change. But since my color tone is very olive I find that I can't pull off the same looks as you. Thanks for reading. It's always a highlight to my day
What eye shadows are you wearing in this video? It looks amazing. Could you do a tutorial on this look?
I'm not a fan of metallic lipstick either lol
Love the lipstick your wearing, What one is it please 😀
It's a shame that most of it is not cruelty free.
Such a fun video!  I love to see all the new make up launches.  Thank you so much for taking the time to put all this together.  The make up you are wearing is really pretty on you.  I don't know if this has launched in England, but here in the USA Bobbi Brown has launched some new lipsticks called Crushed lip color.  These lipsticks are more of a moisturizing stain.  They are not metallic at all.  When I was growing up metallic lipsticks were called frosted and everyone wore light pink frosted lipsticks.  I think some light metallic lipsticks are pretty, but the lipsticks with actual glitter are not my cuppa tea.  Thank you again, Fleur for a wonderful video.
That's so pretty good thanks hun
Try using the Bare Minerals foundation with a wet sponge, gives it a much better look/feel :) x
New in beauty are my favorite series from fleury, the are soo unique and excitingg😍😍😍
I was totally eyeing up your mascara before you mentioned the Rimmel mascara. Before I even knew that you had been using a new mascara I definitely noticed that your lashes looked really nice. Normally your lashes are beautiful but in this video I could hardly take my eyes off them. They looked so long and stunning, I was wondering if you had done something new. It's a shame you have to work for the results though, cause they are totally worth it in appearance. I think your lashes looked better than they ever had before! Love your videos by the way!!
What's the color of the Armani Ecstasy lipstick?  Love it 💕
What do you have on your lips in this video?
Hi Fleur, you're looking radiant by the way. I'm surprised you didn't mention the new make up line by Rihanna- Fenty? X
Smile's aplenty you bring lovely Fleur. .. Cannot wait to try new Estee eye serum.  Take care special one ...xoo
Some Companies must not watch your videos to see what you like before they send stuff. If they watched they would know the colors that you'd pick.
The face of confusion when Fleur talks about Balmain in literally me about the brand's hype lol!
Does anybody know what lip product Fleur is wearing, it's amazing !
Who else has there birthday in September?? ☺️☺️
I liked the honest opinions in this!
You and Poppy Deyes would get along so nicely together ♥️
Also not feeling the metallic look. It's great for Instagram and I think some people could prob pull it off, but it looks super weird and dated on me IRL
Fleur please review the Fenty Beauty by Rihanna, please please I need to know your opinion 💕💕💕
Love these videos. Please can you tell us what nail polish you are wearing? Or is it something you are launching and you're keeping us in suspense lol xxxxxxxx
wish you swatched some of the crazier shades of some of those lip products. would've loved to see how they go
I love that you keep it real. Like silver/black lips.. eeh idonno. Also looks like a nailpolish colour made me loll
Your make up is so lovely :) the lip make up really suits you xx
My fave vid all month! <3 Byeee money!!
Thanks for this video! You do the best new in beauty videos. So thorough and informative with little waffling, the products are shown really nicely too x
id love to see a video on the asos products!! I'm so curious!
These videos are my favourite. Love seeing what new makeup there is! :)
When there are 4 new uploads in my notification and I went with Fleur first... no brainer! Love new in beauty!
LOVE these types of videos from you because you do so well describing products and your honesty, no BS!  😇💕
How could she have missed the Fenty Beauty launch!? She not truly up-to-date on what's new and actually trending. #fail 👎🏾
I think VB with Estée Lauder are off their heads. It's disgusting how much they are charging for her tiny little collection! $2000CND for 8 items from a washed up girl band anorexic soccer mom?! No. Anyone that buys that is mental.
Would love a pregnancy video update please. Hope you are feeling great xx
I did give you a thumbs up but grudgingly.  I think you included too many products and spoke so fast tht I can't remember any of the products you mentioned that you liked and why.  I do appreciate that you are willing to be honest with the items you like and the items you don't.  I find it interesting that you are motivated by packaging as a product being a success.  I love beautiful success and I know that is where the beauty company spends their money, cuz the product is not where they are spending the big money.  For me, the product and what it is supposed to do is what matters most.  The last five years I noticed companies have stepped up the packaging game and have scammed us with fancy packaging and crap products because we are visually driven.  Smart for the seller and stupid for the buyer.  Thanx for your comments.
seriously thinking of buying the new chanel perfume, already tried it and its beautiful
A highlighter that's not a highlighter, think il skip that one from Lancôme. I love watching you do this, I sit with a list of what I want.
Hi Fleur, your make up is always really pretty, and I'm sure people are telling you, your absolutely glowing. Your skin is gorgeous and so radiant,. Pregnancy really suits you sweetie,.... great New in beauty video. 🌹🌼🌺💐🌸💐🌺🌼🌹xxxxxx
Hi fleur love to see what's new in as I'm thinking about Christmas already.great video as always.your foundations is beautiful.xx😀💗
ANR is amazing... my skin hasn't been the same since I ran out 😣
Fenty Beauty launch...please give us an update as to why you didn't cover this new in beauty.
I was just staring at your brows the whole time - they look perfekt! Shape, color everything 😁😍
I am literally only excited & interested in one product, Hourglass Confession lipstick. It's the only brand that's fully cruelty free. I am still so surprised at how many beauty influencers, especially ones with pets, still buy products from brands we all know still test on animals!!! It actually makes me so mad & sad, & it's such a huge shame that it appears lots of people don't give a damn about what happens to animals! Hope the pregnancy is all going well for you Fleur xxxx
Your makeup is so pretty in this!  Can you list what you used if not a tutorial on this look?
Your New In Beauty videos are my favorite 💜💜💜
You look so absolutely beautiful!! Pregnancy is really making you glow!
This is one of my very favorite types of videos so thank you
I love watching your videos you're so amazing 😊
I honestly don'tget why people would pay the amount of money they do for these expensive brand products, when you're actually just paying for the brand name and not for the actual quality of the product. I doubt you'll see any actual difference between a dior mascara and a maybelline one.
0:57 making speed, Shinobi, and slide tackling, your greatest asset
Have you heard of the High Elves?
Can't wait for people to complain hat you are not 1v1ing them when they hold the flag.
I'm really excited for the new game mode, I hope it will be less chaotic than dominion
They better lock the characters like brawl so you won't have 4 narutos and peacekeepers screeching their way to victory.
Attac Buff\n\nProtec Buff\n\n_But most importantly..._\n\n*W🆗E 🅱UFF*
Next game mode should be Character Elimination or 6v6 or higher
Judging by the animation of the orochi and peacekeeper, looks like there is a speed penalty for anyone carrying the flag.  Which is good.  Otherwise it becomes a running match that the tanks have no use in.  \n\nThis also looks like one of the more casual game modes (like Dominion or Elimination) where you can retreat if things get sticky.  I always considered it a good thing that For Honor had stuff for skill based players (Duel and Skirmish) and casual players (Dominion and Elimination).  But that means they should also add a skill based mode as well.  Maybe a mini tournament where 8 players get duels and in the round after, they fight a winner from the previous.  Of course this still means they need to hurry it up with those new dedicated servers they promised us.
Too bad nobody knows what an objective is and will just fight in the middle of nowhere for no reason.
Not bad, but I'm sure a siege mode would have been better
just what we need, a game mode that seems almost completely designed for assassins and that relies on non-existant communication
wheres the round up you guys do for the seasons we are on round 3 now\nand you guys havent done 1 or 2?
Finally a game mode that assassins will be good on...........
I need a siege mode.. Please :c
Well I'll stream only this mode from now on!  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKjV-IIv6sftt2dAaq2gkyQ if you want to take a look!
Of course the team with the centurion wins in the trailer
Making vigilance, speed, and communication the key to winning.\n\nNo chat and hardly any mic users.
Can't wait to die to 4 cents with all buffs in 0.000001 seconds
So where's the ronin dual blades class XD////??????
I love how they show a warlord lol good luck with those nerfs bud
I don't know if this is a good place to place this idea, but I would like it if someone took it into consideration for a future season or a sequel. I would like to see a 3 v 3 v 3 game mode. All the trailers leading up to the game depicted Knights fighting Samurai as they fought the Vikings and a three team free for all would fit that theme. The rules would be like elimination or skirmish and there would be the defender team, the attacker team and a neutral team all fighting each other.
0:31 where do you think your going
This is either madness... or brilliant
I can't wait it looks intresting. Assassin-Types might really be spammed and abused though. Especially Peace Keeper & Shinobi for oblivious reasons...
Oh God imagine Shinobi with his naruto run and Max speed stats!
I think it would also be cool if they had something like Rush in the Battlefield games. 1 capture point in the first section they need to defend, and if they fail they'll have to be pushed back. I would love that, anyone else?
I really wanted a free for all but this seems cool to
I like how they showed Orochi running away with the offering since we all know that's what they'll mainly do.
Looks ok, hope it plays better
Meh. let's be real. This gamemode is gonna end up just like skirmish. Abandoned after 2 weeks.
We wanted a siege mode not a damn capture the flag mode
-- insert predictable comment about how the game is dead here--
It's pathetic that we had to wait 7 months for a new game mode and it's just capture with a few differences
So... dominion?
Too bad gladiator made me quit
This looks dumb
Oh boy
Add Realistic Dominion.
Looks amazing but can't wait to have 3 shinobis ninja running away and making it unfair
Iluminatii confirmed
this sound fun
Awwww yeah :)
I would appreciate it if instead of adding more gamemodes they would put more of their resources into fixing characters and GETTING DEDICATED SERVERS FFS UBISOFT ITS BEEN NEARLY A YEAR!
was hoping for a four-player co-op survival game mode(horde mode).
The gamemode full of peacekeepers and shinobis D:
Where are the  RAIDS ?
This could be very interesting hopefully 4 man gankfest gangs won't still be the norm to win.
Did you guys fix connections issues yet?
we still dont have the dedicated servers ubisoft.....................
I make this offering for the lord of light!
Soo any assassin or speedy character that I hate playing ok
I see massive assassin meta coming...
I can already see conquerer and warlord mains hiding in a corner blocking everything and holding the flag.
great new game mode and what about con problems  ??since day 1 only problems
One hero limit please. Unless you want it to turn into shinobi fest
Just pic a Viking and you'll win. Vikings for the win!!!!!
I'm still waiting on a free for all type mode. Like a king of the hill free for all
Hopefully you can play against bots with this game mode, because i don't have Xbox Live, so I mainly just play against bots.
This game needs an arena mode
Lmao Shinobis just gonna sonic the hedgehog their way to the W
I see the peacekeeper 4 stacks already
oh running well guess i cant even play my kensei thats cool
YOOO this looks hype!
Communacation is key\n\nSo in console it's premade or defeat.... \n\n\nAnd no having voice chat never helps
Did anybody even watch or listen to the video??? It's a little more then just basic CTF. It's all about control and conquer MF's, jeez. It'll be great.
It should be called Shinobi Dominion
Illuminati Confirmed <3
Teams...? Strategically...? Communication?!
Poor Shugoki :'v and add servers
woow
Seems cool.
Let's go!
that looks fun
did u fix ur server yet?
Might need some bigger maps...
Lets'ROCK!
shinobi, conqueror OH PEEEEEEEE...
Yeah Shinobi will be op
Fix sever UBI
Yeees thank you new mode enfin
Looks amazing :)
it sounds really good
Wow that looks awesome great job Ubisoft!
I can already imagine 4 assassins running around and grab them before anyone else does especially shinobi and pk. Honestly, I was hoping something else other than this flag capturing and this is a huge let down for me.
imagine all the shenobies and pks running
Can we get a knight with chainmail and raiper sword and a samurai with sheild and a viking with a hammer and choke stamina drain\n\nMaybe also a gamemode with no objectives but only 5v5 with many captains and minions fighting kinda like skirmish\n\nAnd a 2v2v2 game mode or just 1v1v1
Lame
Are you gonna fix your shi*ty servers?  😑
Please ubisoft when are you going to put dedicated servers I am having problem with my NAT type, I can only play duel 1v1 because if I go on Dominion it'll disconnect me
Where are dem servers tho?
I am thinking of getting this game after watching many reviews now...is it worth ?😀😀..
Cant wait to get disconnected while playing this
orange team only won because they had a cent 😑
This game was the biggest disappointment of last year this game was straight garbage
Cut your losses and focus on R6!!! This game was DOA
Hay Ubisoft there is a bug for the shugoki walking mechanics
Very very disappointed ! We were expecting Siege mode
I hope there is a default movement speed fr those carrying offerings otherwise conq/highlander/lawbro etc would be useless for playing obj and shinobi would be God. In fact, everyone is nonviable for playing obj when you compare them to shinobi.
Thanks god i main shinobi
I was honestly hoping for 1v1v1s as stupid as people may think that is, it would have to make people depend on themselves, and be more aware of the battle field... idk just an idea>_>
I'm on the fourth week and I'm so tired of college ._. ......  Help. me.
I've just completed a foundation year at one Uni and I'm about to start my degree at another. As far as my experience goes at my first Uni- THIS WAS ME. And even though I don't intend to carry on this way, I probably will. Having watched this, I am SO glad I'm not the only socially anxious person who struggles like this. with all the hype and publicity around freshers week, you literally feel like such an outcast. At least I can feel a bit better about myself when it all kicks off next Monday and I have to join societies and fail to make friends.
I've been in high school for about 2 weeks and I've been in our head of years room twice I hate it
He started dancing with the couch. If you know what I mean. Ummm… nice way to describe that
Help me ._.\nI'm going to high school next year
OMG LOOK AT DANS SCREEN SAVER FOR HIS COMPUTER THATS SO CUTE
The video only has 1.5 million views? Why it's so funny
that buffy reference caught me off guard scooby gang yes please
My flatmates for the first few weeks used to refer to me 'as the girl with no name' because I too, used to hide in my room and play halo 👌
I was gonna write a funny comment but i couldn't remember how to spell one words so now this depressing comment exists instead.
He got the idea for this video from a LEAF falling on his head.\n\nThis man is creative.
Did NO ONE notice the Full time internet hobo sign???
did he just say, lgbt?
I had to explain what an existential crisis was to my entire class yesterday. Everyone looked so frightened...
now I don't want to go to uni
the first time I cooked pasta I just thought I could put it in the microwave. 2 minutes later I was confused why it was black and hard as a rock.
Your alive because of your mother \n\n\nOr god\n\nIDK!!
Nice to know I'm not the only person who nopes the hell out of exercise
Joining marching band is a good way to make friends before school even starts.
Dan usually pasta and anything that involves pasta has instructions on the side of the box.
When Dan makes going grocery shopping sound interesting 
School here has been going for like a month lol
pssshhh Dan us 'muricans have university too y'know
I needed this so much, I started uni a month ago and I'm doing fine\n\n\n\n\n\n(Screaming inside)
The laundry experiences, you get the same treatment at military camp. People use your washer and steal your shit. It's pretty crazy, but now I think I'm ready for whatever uni has to throw at me
I missed this video because of hurricane Irma ruining my wifi
We have university's in the USA, they are different  then college here.... also what does twat mean?
can we talk about the fact that phil literally punched dan in the balls when he was trying to get the book lmao
---*COLLEGE*---We don't sound like that XD
is phil on the screen in the background?
Oh sweet shit the outro end card reading Daniel Howell thing is AMAZING
I'm not shaming. I'm just saying.
I legitimately  wrote a fanfic about the laundry story for an english assignment
Ah, the memories I've repressed have been slowly dredged up throughout the length of this video, and they're not so bad! ...*twitch*
now I'm  worried to go to college
Just handed in my final piece of work for a masters. Five years of university, done (at Manchester, funnily enough). Not wholly sure what I've learnt.
this video is a summary of my start of school (im in grade 9)
ok but can we just appreciate Phil's role in this video?
I like how it goes from law to lgbt
I'm still confused abt the difference btw university and college in America lol
This is the most active Daniel has been
Love the desktop background there
Currently half way through week two of college and it is fucking weird. But  I'm a music major and I have my classes start at 8 or 9 am everyday. Also, the first party I'm going to is at a jazz club with my school's swing dancing society. So, I think I'm choosing the weird for myself
I told my friend you went into law and she jumped, nearly choked on her Maltesers, and hit her knee on the table.
When you're Chinese and you hear about the Chinese guy with the chicken and thinks it's perfectly normal
I roomed with two other friends in the apartments near my Uni... I was the housewife because nether of them know how to cook or clean. At least most of them were bottles and cans of alcohol (I mean water and soda ha ha...) to drown out all of our sad student lives with devilish professors just wanting us to turn into zombies. Honestly people Uni is the start of the apocalypse. Ha haa FML.
'fuck it this is weird, y'all are weird, imma go home,' \n\nme when my friends do something stupid
Hey dan your not more moral than me you gimp
But, what if I don't want to human with others?
Are you ok, Dan?
I just moved to a new town to go to university and i have crippling social anxiety. I want to join a club but..ya know.. I don't know how to act around other people.
To be honest I would probably drop out of college after like six months.... Daniel most likely did better than me. I'm an actual fail
I started 8th grade 5 weeks ago X'D
6 years till college. I just started Middle School >.<
This is so amazing to hear. I thought I was stupid.
I don't consider myself a part of Dan's fanbase, but man, it's been 4 years since I've subscribed, and I am STILL enthralled by his type of humor. He's just so bloody entertaining.
Every unit story I hear makes me more and more happy i'm procrastinating going for a year.
I started school on august 17th
YOU CAN GO TO THE BATHROOM\n\nI was but an innocent college fetus, new to the world. It was my first EVER college class. As the class began and the professor started talking about how the class worked, I felt the tingling in my bladder that I DREAD. I have a very weak bladder you see, and I did not have a pleasant experience in high school with teachers and passes allowing me to go to the bathroom.  Basically, I spent an entire HOUR AND A HALF CLASS debating on whether or not I should ask the professor if I could use the restroom or just get up quietly and go. I was terrified that if I tried to get up and leave, the professor would assassinate me with a look for just standing up during class. I was also terrified of looking like a complete idiot for asking if I could go to the restroom in a college class. So, being the awkward person that I was, I decided to painfully hold my pee until the class ended. When the professor said that we could go, I was out of there faster than a jack rabbit on speed. Please, take my advice, you can just get up and go to the bathroom. NO ONE CARES.
Done uni, graduated last week, starting degree number 2 next week. \nI think I'm just a glutton for punishment at this point. \n\nHowever can confirm that keeping door open 100% works at making friends. Going to the 24hr Tesco at 2am wearing PJs is another great friend-making activity. Finally, latch onto a flat mate or lecture person and gradually meet people through them at your uni's student bar - make sure you're drunk and even take selfies with random people you meet in the SU Bar bathroom (works best in 'ladies' bathrooms which are the most social places in the entire university), trust me they'll most likely recognise you when sober and say hi and laugh about being a drunk mess together.
Class is about to begin again \n\n\nBruh I started 5 weeks ago
Omg Dan has a sport t shirt !!
Anyone know where dan bought his shirt?
Cooking pasta without water. \nWhat the actual freak Dan...
Wow 20 000 comments! Anyway in case it helps someone: my only tip is don't go to uni just because. Don't go just because it's what everyone do. Don't go because your parents want you to. Don't go because your friends are going. Just go if you found something that you truly want to learn or truly want to do.
I find it hilarious that I'm watching this after doing my FINAL assessment for my MSc course today! After 5 years, no more uni for me!!! (At least not for the near future =P )
Bruh I started school a month ago I needed this A MONTH AGO
So I noticed that no one has said anything about the sign in the background.\n*Fulltime Internet Hobo*\n*h i g h p i t c h e d s c r e a m i n g*
Hey Phil come pour water on my face while peer pressuring me into drinking k thanks
I feel so much worse from watching this cheers dan 😶😂
I like how his background is his college drop out video
I feel so bad for you your parents never taught you anything
It's ok Dan! I didn't know pasta needed water either... It was terrible... *shivers*
*y o u s   a   l o n g   l a d   a i n t   y a*
I did survive my first week tho. And I have new friends now. Weird but nice.
Bitch, did he say someone fucked a couch?
Is this the one comments section without Jelly Bean TV?
You: University\nMe, an intellectual: CccCcCoOoLLllLllLlLEeeEeeEeEeEeeEEEGGgGGgEEeEEeeeE
I can bake. I'm settled for 12 years time (or so)
:55 i am OFFEND
CoLLeGEEEE
No bad
Wassup internet its ya boi danny \n\nEVERYBODY RUN
flawless skin
Dan's hair look soooo goood!! 😍
whats up internet, it's ya boi, uhhh, skinny penis
DOWN IT DOWN IT
daniel howell, your new instagram photo. i'm so so proud of you, ily u little rat
OMG THAT WEIRD SOCK GUY IS THE SOCK GOBLIN.
omg! i thought i was the only one who set spaghetti on fire :p
American say university too.
mercin translation.... VERY MERCIN TO ME DAN!!!! also i just bought merch ;3
somehow I always end up coming back to this video
I need more help than he does with my life than the leaf he so very destroyed
Dan- **Vigorusly Tries to beat up leaf* \nMe- Dan\nDan- SHHHH! Im beating up this leaf\nMe- uh Dan\nDan- I SAID SHHH\nme- Dan.... Its so easy, loo-\nDan- Ha, Look there! **leaf is not even damaged*\nMe- Dan, this prooves you do not have a social life...
My mom thought you said beer cow not meerkat
what does dancing to the couch mean? sorry not sorry for being this uneducated
I am American and I can confirm how he said, college, was extremely accurate.
so is uni exactly like fresh meat or not asking for a friend
Just like any hobby or interest that isn't gaming or finding lewd art of whatever anime i am watching at the time, i quit university after just one year -Daniel Howell -2017\n\nSadly this is the most relatable thing i have heard in a long time.
This looks amazing, I'm more pumped for this than mario
that game is so packed with xeno eastereggs and refferences. i´ve even seen KOS-MOS´ etherblade.
I was kinda mad during the stream because of how long this trailer was but going back, it actually looks fun
Could really use that dual audio right about now. Shame too, Gramps' voice here is great (even better than the Japanese I'd say), but I can't the same for the rest of the cast/voice delivery so far.
This game is going to be epic. Finally a release date!
I wasn't very convinced at first but... damn Nintendo you played well your cards!!
game looks cool narrator is ok but the voice acting is too atrocious to play for 100 plus hours.
please give us the option to play it in japenese voice acting!
the environments are absolutely gorgeous
what is this voice acting lmao
Everyone in the live spanish chat was like zzzzzzz and I'm seriously pissed off because this game looks great
The intro of the sky looked like it was gonna be a Kid Icarus sequel...what a major disappointment. As a matter a fact this made Nintendo direct suck xD literally so many people kept putting Zzzzzzz in the comments
WELL PEEL MY PLANTAIN!! DAY ONE
HOLY  F*** YES, ITS TIME
Do you think Pyra has any fanart or official artwork? I want more of her.
The commentator sound more like he should be explaining how to work a loom, not battle systems lol
I hope Nintendo comes out and just says there will no be Smash 4 port and smash 5 will be announced in a  very long time
Will this be on the test
Am I the only one seeing a lot of parallels to elemental gelade in this game's plot?
Trailer starts: I have no interest in this game\n\n3:30: I have a lot of interest in this game
Is Yoko Shimomura doing the OST for this?
I don't know how to feel about this right now. On one hand, it might end up rivaling the greatness of the original. On the other hand, it might be total garbage, what with a lot of the questionable voice acting, and radically different gameplay. Either way, I am both nervous and excited for this, given it is a sequel to my absolute favorite game of all time.
I really hope they make an amiibo of Pyra, then i would be complete
I'm buying this
I want it all!! This is why i bought my switch and im so happy we have a release date now... time to book some holidays!!!!
I wonder if you have to pay for back problem expenses
is this like final fantasy 12
well at least the characters look better than in xenoblade chronicles x
Hand her over to a grown up!
I didn't watched this during the live, it was too long, I want to discover the game myself like I did for the other two xenoblade D: I'M SO HYPED THIS CHRISTMAS WILL BE FANTASTIC\nI bought a switch  for this game alone I can't wait !
Welp good bye Xmas bonus, good luck I broke up with my gf a month ago now I can play this at will.
Is it just me or Azurda voiced by the narrator from Milo & Otis?
Please Please Please just let me change Rex pants Please!!!!!
Note to self: remember to switch voices to Japanese...
I hope this is better than xenoblade x
Pyra is the new top Nintendo waifu.
Oh man, I really didn't expect to see something as cool as this Blade system!\nI hoe those 'rare' ones act as actual characters, with heart-to-hearts available to them. If not, it'll be a bit disappointed but nothing deal breaking
Everyone's freaking out about Pyra. What about Finch? Cute AF, need right now~ <3
Hope we get something similar to a skell tho
This game looks interesting.... but with get free alternate outfits for Pyra? She looks like lolita porn, it's kind-of creepy.
This Titan sounds like a pedo...\nI feel like I need to take a hot shower now...
Who will make it to Elysium? Mat Damon in an augment exo-suit. That's who.
Xenoblade X is my second favorite game of all time. And while I'm not sure this will live up to its incredible stature, I'm very confident it'll be fantastic. Love ya, Monolith
Waiting for Xenoblade X and Bayonetta collection for Switch
oh i cant wait to play with protagonist-kun and thicc sword
Wow, I don't think anybody expected this to actually end up getting a 2017 release. It looks great too. Good job Monolithsoft!
best buy has special edition with gamers club get discount
I cannot wait for this game and am so happy it will release this year! What a great first year lineup Nintendo has had:\n\nZelda: Breath of the Wild\nMario Kart 8D\nARMS\nSplatoon 2\nMario + Rabbids\nFire Emblem Warriors\nSuper Mario Odyssey\nXenoblade 2
Will it ever be Reyn time again?
I don't need a switch I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch  I don't need a switch
Every line delivered by Pyra's voice actor makes me cringe so hard that I almost cease to exist. 2:31 that. is oUUURR...dream.\nShe has the most awkward delivery I've ever heard.\n\nThe titan narrator sounded perfectly jolly though.
Dang it, I need a Switch ASAP
This is shaping up to be the greatest JRPG ever, I love everything I see. I highly appreciate creativity though. A small detail, but I LOVE that loot pops out of the enemies when defeated. In a genre that has too many text boxes, and menu scrolling it is a wonderful touch, and a nice effort on their part.
Give me this now
Idk why,  but some characters remind me of Re:Zero
I invite you to enter my channel where you will find my last drawings of the nintendo universe!😄😄
Pyra!!!! My left arm will be hurting so bad after playing this game.. It's gonna take me atleast 200 hours to finish this one along with a lot of lube. Oh how I wish she was real! Best chest ever!!!!
Plot twist: What if one of those Titans is telethia *cough* *cough* indoline praetarium
I'm so playing this game. Homura wait for me!
This game looks too much great , i cant do that ...
I'm getting a serious Skies of Arcadia Vibe out of this, and that's not a bad thing at all!
It's great game and all... but it shouldn't have lasted 8 mins with 5 mins Tutorial included in the vid... Everyone skips tutorials except when they need it
Some of the reused scenes we've seen before have definitely seen some polish from the switch presentation till now! Rex charging at the camera looks so much better!
What's better than traversing 1 titan? Traversing multiple titans. Also, political story is a definite plus for me as well.
Holy sweet mother of MILK , PYRA IS BAE AF!!!!
can you believe he accepted such a lofty job just to impress a girl? well to quote one the few legit funny lines in the Lorax: when a man does something stupid once is because he's a man, when he does something stupid twice that's because there's a girl involved.
attack on *xenoblade*
Wait, 60 fps ?
What happened to Xenoblade ;(
This graphics looks delicious
NOPONS ARE CAPITALISM
#MONADOBOYZ
This narrator sounds so bored lmao
Them voices tho
Cant wait for this
Can't wait!
awful English dub
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
0:28 possible majoras mask reference
Mrs. Doubtfire on Xenoblade 2 Confirmed!!!!
Looks incredible!!
Bayonetta 2 please
Por fin esperaba este juego con ansias.
Dat music *kreygasm*
Dude, Pyra.
Ok, Azurda is delightful
Xenoblade 2 >>>>>> FFXV, bye
It kind of upsets me that Nintendo dresses their girls like that... Seems a bit on the creepy side... And the fact that she looks like a child?
Graphics are terrible nintendo you could do better
From Xenoblade Feels, to alien world, to generic fantasy game. This one looks kinda meh...
This is not a sequel this is a spinoff
If it just wasn't dor those pocket hoes/swords. I'm fine with the artstyle but why bring in more anime then necessary?
Other than blades, titans, and the races, is there any mention of the the first game? Because I can already hear Chuggaacnroy screaming a state away.\n\nAlso, where are the Machina and High Entia?
LOOKS GOOD! Should I play this if I didn't play the first one, or will I miss the storyline? I own WII U so I can just buy the game \nI would buy it for my 3DS but I have the old one so there's not really a choice..
did anyone confirmed if there will be japaneese dub included in western releases?
sees cell shaded graphics to 'cover' the weak hardware. God this is getting so annoying by nintendo.
But does the game take place in the same world as the original?? I mean, if it does, several centuries must have passed since then for the world to have changed so drastically.
I think the cutscenes look great, but the part where it's not using the special cinematics looks kinda awkward. It's something that's existed in Xenoblade 1 and Xenoblade X, but not quite to this extent.
Fan-service is gonna turn me off this game. Jesus Christ, it's so obnoxious.
The comments make me want to kill myself. Whenever there are sexy male characters nobody cares but whenever there is a sexy female character it becomes the entire comment section.
Summer rain is us, because some of us started to love gfriend because of that incident. And they don't want us to be rainbow, who come and left after stay only for a while..\n\nThey want us to keep make them 'wet' , so that, they'll always feel our existent.
Blink here to support Gfriend and also Buddys.\nBuddy Fighting!!!🙌
This song always made me wanna sing😂
this is sooo GFriend!! i love this. so beautiful
buddy we have now 2.6m in two mv lets stream more🎉
I'm sick with people who always complaint. if you love it, hear. if don't, just go away. you're not paid to be judges here. complaining doesn't mean anything cause it's all already planned by the company. bare in your mind guys!
LOVE YOU GUYS! GFRIEND😍
15th stream 2M👍👍👍👏👏👏👏\nKeep streaming everybuddies 💕
G-Friend <3
Finally 2M 🎉🎉😭 keep streaming 💪 2,5 before 24hr Fighting buddies 😊
2M👍👍👍 Keep streaming guys👊
Finally 2 m view 👍👍👍👍
2m.. gfriend fighting!! buddies fighthing!!
When will we ever hear Sowon's rap?😂
As usual, Buddies goal.. Road to 100M views
the song is so good. yerin💞
don't give up, fighting
It reminds me of rough
SOWON I LOVE YOU SO MUCHH😍💓💓💓
Love sowon:-)
🌈☔ 2m 🎉
2M buddy!!! Keep streaming and shareing ❤❤❤ make GFriend great again!!! 💪💪💪
first day i think gfriend will have 2M view, ko bằng mv trc r
😆😆😆😆😆
2M views ☔️🌈
1.991.784 😂 keep streaming 💪💪
Welcome back, Gfriend
anyway, they are like angels descended from heaven when it rains
I love umji part it nice
Am I alone right now? Hey buddies where are you? Still streaming? 🤔🤔 Please comments.. Please stream hard!!
I love love love all gfriend's song.\n\nIm praying for gfriend to have a nice outfits for the music shows🤖 pls......
views are stuck, but lets keep streaming to our very best for the 24 hour goal!!!! 👊👊👊
what a waste :( rainbow should be the title track huhuhuh. but still i will still support them. summer rain is also good but rainbow is fucking lit.
BUddies, we should not only focus on MV. We should also vote and download their songs in all music charts (Melon, Soribada, Genie, Naver, Gaon and most esp. Mnet ( the bias! ). To those who have the access to vote please keep on voting more esp. Korean buddies because We, international fans can't understand Korean. Is anyone can write in Korean ( Hangul )? Kindly translate this so that Korean buddies can understand. Also, buy their albums.\nREPLY
Another great song ^_^
KEEP STREAMING~!! FIGHTING!!!
GFRIEND   ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️   ❤️❤️❤️   ❤️❤️❤️
umji become more beauty . johayo
Keep streaming buddies
노래 넘 죠앙!~♥💕
Eunna sinb
><
Cant wait for their comeback stage!
뮤비보느라 노래 못들어ㅠㅠㅠ
Stuck again 😭
Yuju's so beautiful with pigtails 😭
01:14 LOVE WHISPER?!
여치니들♡♡♡이번 곡도 좋다♡
WDF
진짜 리스펙
Teruteru bozu ga..
한국인 손🖑
좋아요 8만 >_<
이노래..너무좋아요^♡^
2M YAYAYAY THE VIEWS ARE STILL STUCK aft every few mins smh
i think the views is stuck thts why we cant reach our goals urghh youtube plss
애들 컴백을 너무 빨리했어요 ㅜㅜ \n싫은건 아니지만 애들 몸 관리 잘됬을런지 모르겠네요 ㅜㅜ 애들 몸 관리 잘해주시고 제발 무리하지마세요,,\n(쏘스뮤직)-
귀를 기울이면이랑 많이 비슷한 건 기분탓인가
Always stream buddy 😉✊✊✊👏👏fighting 
노래는좋은데..ㅠ\n이중요한순간에 갑자기느린비트.. 뭐괜찮겠지..홧팅!  여름비도1등꼭꼭!!
와 중간중간 필름분위기 너무좋다...
뮤비 조회수 역대급으로 안오르네요ㅠㅠ
버디들 화이팅!여친이들 이뻐요❤
우리 여치니뮤비에 싫어요 누를마세요
Buddies come on! Let's stream harder!!
Im glad there's a lot of ARMYs watching this!  BangChin's comebacks were so close to each other that I'm expecting a collab 😄... I hope ARMYs and BUDDYs get along very well. BangChin fighting!
I think this song's melody is like love whisper
loved this music and MV
Fuck for those who disliked this mv. Shame to all of you.
First time I saw Umji, I already decided she's my bias in Gfriend 💖
This song reminds me of perfect
Hello buddy.. I'm back for streaming.. 😊
I can't stop smiling 😆😆😆
we will trust and listen to gfriends music! unnies fighting!
Umji's part so emetionel
eunha fighting!! Gfriend Fighting!!
I really love umji voice😍😍
인생곡이다 ㅇㅈ?
Love you girls
sinb ❤❤❤👍👍👍
Come on buddy!! 3million next!💪🏻
👍👍👍
Colorpop
대박♡ gfriend is reallyyyyy awesome!
GFRIENDku kembali!
여친이최고다!!♡♡❤💛💚💙💜❤💛💚💙💜❤❤❤❤❤❤❤💗💗💗💗💗💓💓💓💓💕💕💕💖💖💖💖💞💞💞💞💘💘💘💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💗💗💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💊💊💊💊💊💊💊💊💊💊💶💶💶💶💶💶💷💷💶💷💶💵💶💵💶💶💷💶💵💶💶💶여친사랑♡♡
3:17 ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Wowww
Eunha is mine!
Like gfriend summer rain
그래 너네는 이래서 좋아하지 않을수 없어 너무 순수하고 소녀소녀하고 청순하고 파워풀해서 안빠질수 없지
귀를귀울이면이랑 좀 비슷 한듯
I'm sorry to say maybe the reason the viewers not grow up bcs yerin got less line. My opinion. Lol. I'm trying to stream a lot. Please help.
Bru dua hari udah 2 juta.. 😘😘😘
I hate you yeoja chingu HAHHAHAHAHA
perasaan susah naek seh... gw dah streaming dari tdi kgak naek2.. ampe gw hampir apal nie lagu.. huh semangat...
yuju～ who yuju stans？😗
Sones here to support!
We can't get our target:'(
What is this ?
Paki-like po, isang like nyo lang malaking tulong na. Maraming Salamat po 💕😘\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/jasmiiiin.05/videos/1485314114889806/
sorry but pls get rid of the dab
Omg woha what are you guys doing 😱😱😱😱😱😱 tears coming from my eyes while watching this video😰😰😰
The Korean store they went to was 3 blocks away from our house !!!!!!!!!😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I tried it yesterday with my friends 😂😂😂 its not really fun 😂😂😂we did it like 3x 😂
Who the hell can stand the spiciness???!!!
i do that challenge its spicy super spicy My sis brougth it
That toy car was made in China hahahahahhahah😂😂Niana just so cute
what the song in 0:30 ? plz help i love that song ✌
I have 1 pack of this spicy noodle and now I'm scared to eat it 😂
the face of niana😂😂
The prank was super funny
Ranz and niana is funny on them reaction!😂😂😂
anyone knows what is the title of the sad background sound??
So funny
She is  a Filipino
Wtf sub indo in here 😂 good job 😁
This is super funny🤣😂\nGood job niana 👏🏼 I feel sad for you ranz but it's really funny lol
I DON'T LIKE SPICY
Best funny video ever ,best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best bestest best, I can't stop my laugh 😂😂😂😂😂😂😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
Ranz and niana you should the bean boozled challenge
I feel more sorry for her when she's in the toilet
I think this video made me hungry
how old are you Niana ???
Wow you using indonesia lenguage in your title niceee..........
Kuya you don't understand 😂
is so spicy noodle?
indonesian
hhaahaahahahhaahaha 😂😂😂😂😂
Niana your so Funny eating Spicy Noodles hehe..😍😂ganda ng mga Videos niyooooo??!!!i hope you subb me cause you guys one of my favorite youtubersss??!!😭😭
😂😂😂😂😂😂,1 2 3 go😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Samyangnya halal 2:21
Thank you Niana, thanyou!
omg have subtitle indonesia :)
Tag mo kuya mong sadista 😂
???
Wow YOU LIKE INDONESIA??
You so hot
im hungry😂😂😂
Omg niana soooo cute
Hahahaha😂😂😂😂😂😂
Malaysia hereeee
ngakak anjir wkwk
Her reaction 😂
niana! u wil hit 2million subs! ayee! lets party wohhhhaaaaa!!
Heyyy, iam from Indonesiaaa❤️
wow..
😂😂😂👍👍👍👍😆😆
Wkwkwkwk
Hahhahaha 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Oh no
It's so spicy😲😱
Helo i indones
Wala bang pinoy dito? Reply pleaseeeeee tell me kung san nakakabili nyan😭😍
Hai niana
Kaya mo yan!
Best spicy noodle challenge😂😂😊
lol\nlook at your face niana
10:54 minutes niana same with me
Haha
Thankyou...  sub indonesia.. 😘
good job niana!!!... hahah
ahhh subtitle indonesia 😍
Niana omg😍😍😍😍
natalia is very cute.
so spicy noodles omg
LT😂 Cute Niana! 😁😂
niana is me 😂😂😣
Omg😱😱😱
thats not healthy
😂😂😂😂😂so funny
woahahaha so spicy guys 😂
Aaaa natalia you so cute
Go niana go niana good job
Really man, Subtitles indonesia detected
loveyou niana 😍😘
GONE VERY WRONG HAHAHAHHA
Nana you are speak Chaney
Ngayon ko Lang narinig si Ranz Kyle mag Tagalog. 8:21
sayaaa sukeee
I will try !!!! Sorry
Poor Niana😹 but so funny 😆
I love you 😘😘
Mie Haram From Korea
I LOVE NIANA RANZ
Shout out plsss thanks
Tagalog pa talaga
wkwkw land very very spicy brohhh
I LOVEE NIANAAA 😂😂
May i know, where are they from?
Hey .. I made 10x spicy 🌶 food and you can see how cool he eating the food ... love from village foods
I love you niana. i am a girl
l like the car you amazing,l like the car and  l like the niana guerrero
so cute
try 20x extreme spicy noodle
THIS IS MIE SAMYANG
Watch with subtitle
haha face niana😂😂😂
indo mana suaranya
Gitu amat baru sekali, GW ajh kgk gitu😏padahal gw gak suka pedes, disengaja yg biar lucu?
I swear to God, after this, there has got to be a musical for The Devil Wears Prada
Am I first?! I'm officially SOLD on this!! I was worried about Taylor at first, but never mind she's nails it in just these 30 seconds!
OMG I really like this!!
#MeanGirlsfortheTony
>Let more imigrants\nI see what you did there, Goldberg
hahaha that green square at 5:40 casually throwing gold at the peasants as she passes on by
women being greedy even in Sparta? I'm shocked!...smh
1. Kill or be killed\n2. Memorise that law well.
did they eat the sacrificed animals?
The Gerousia essentially ran Sparta. They decided what laws were passed, if the Kings had broken any laws,  and what laws were even considered to be voted upon. These Gerousia being divided up between the Royal Houses just goes to prove that Sparta was not even remotely close to a Democracy, or at least a good one, even despite voting.
So in a nutshell sparta was an oligarchy
Where did you get all of this information? Xenophon's book?\nI checked for it and it was at least $160 U.S and at most $210
Wasn't defeated by Helot Up Rising or a bunch of Angry Greeks? Come on man. By the time of the Romans, the Spartans were nothing because THEY WERE DEFEATED by Helots and Greeks. The lives lost during the Peloponnesian war and during the Thebes War had the spartans crushed, reducing their population. Then the helots rebelled and reduced their land in half. That was literally why the Spartans lost. Sure reform would be nice but they were THE super power in greece for hundreds of years. By the time the Romans came, that was hundreds of years later. Sparta would have been better if they didn't pursue the vacuum of power that Athens left. They should have stuck to their isolationist foreign policy that they always had and slowly expand like they always had.
Has there always been this many channers on this side of YT?
Did you really propose immigration as a solution to Spartan problems? No sir. Immigration was the cause of demise to all ancient governments including the Romans.\n\nOne thing you forget to mention about the Spartan society is how obssesed they were with economic disparity. To force sobriety they would accuse one another of undeclared wealth which would force them to pay for the city's infrastructure and reforms. They wasted tons of money trying to hide it so they weren't particularly keen to the rigurous system, but it was their city so while this was true they didn't care. The Spartans had an excelent system but it was too expensive.\n\nTheir problem was like any other greek kingdom. Economics. The  fall of the Delian League left the Spartans with too much land to rule under a centurial system concieved for just the Peloponnese. This created political instability, poor quality foreign governments and eventually famine, with the exception of Macedon, Greece became a shadow of its former self.\n\nSurrounded by a cilmate of dire economic conditions the Spartans unable to support the growing inflation suddenly percieved the life outside of the strict highly expenssive Spartan society was increasingly more appealing, and began to leave the city for a live of carelessness who gets it keeps it free for all, until eventually were but some few thousand men inside Sparta to keep it safe.
You left out the Theban invasion, which helped many helots break free
The giant red block at the end is so emblematic of the Romans
How many Spartans does it take to change a lightbulb?\n800. One to force a Perioeci to change it, and 799 to prevent a Helot uprising.
You have just earned a sub. Good work.
love the channel thanks :D
I thought Athens was more important?
Massive wealth disparity is still uncool, even when it is in the name of female empowerment.
A very nice video. It would have been interesting if you went into the Periokoi as well, and the Spartans without citizenship. As a Spartan had to fullfill certain requirements to be a citizen and the inheritance system meant fewer and fewer citizens could exist as more and more land went to a few people. Also I think a distinction should be made between Laconian Helots and Messenian Helots, the former were always more loyal as Sparta was their state. Tough laws against Helots also seem to have only appeared after several Messenian Helot revolts and were probably not part of the original constitution.
Men with balls of steel.
I had no idea that Sparta's political system was so unusual. Thanks for a great video.
Love the conclusion , super interesting video , hope to see more like these .
I always knew Aristotle was lame.
Please, do the Athenian Democracy next. They had many Elements in common with the Spartan system but without kings or the council of elders.
This is a hell of a way to celebrate 9/11
Really interesting. Going to use this for my D&D campaign for sure.
Well this video blown up
Wow, usually your videos are really great, but this one completely blew me away. I didn't know much about the spartans, just that they were very conservative. Wow. Keep up the excellent work!
This was very very interesting
Seems like a whole lot of work put in place so that nothing gets done, being a Spartan must have been frustrating!
I like the little pauses. Really allows a moment to reflect on the different possibilities.
The Spartans recruited from the Helots at least once if my memory serves me right. I suppose they could not get enough children to keep the population at acceptable levels.
For a much better analysis of Sparta, read Friedrich Schiller's essay Lycurgus and Solon and the comparison of their ways of the Athenian and Spartan government and culture. A major mistake in the early part of the video is about children which upon birth became property of the state.
Does the term Xeno come fround Xenophon being an outsider in Sparta?
Too stable???????\nBitch, Sparta existed as a stable Polis untill the Roman Conquest. That means like 500 years. Name any other city with this record.\n\nUnkown reasons????????????\nNo man, the reasons are known. The Thebans anihilated the spartan male army and decimated the female army with their recently invented sarissa strategy. This is why, one generation later, Philip and Alexander could easily subdue the spartans. It's simply a matter of population decline.\nReformations? As in Athens? The city that fell and rose every fifty years? You crazy man?\n\nSorry, but the ending deserves a thumbs down. Can't believe you try to pass political propaganda as History, nevertheless the ignorance of the Theban-Spartan War.
*Rome came in* The fuck is this?.... eh whatever, mine now
I read the title and I dropped everything I was doing to fully enjoy this.\n\nI don''t care how barbaric it turns out to be the idea of a spartan constitution, idk it just sounds fucking epic.
I absolutely love your videos. It's just a shame you haven't noticed governments are not here to solve problmems, but they're the very cause of them. Take your time to read some authors like Mises, Hayek and Rothbard. You'll notice that it isn't a matter of willingness to make people's life better, but rather a matter of logic. \nGreetings from Brazil!
Very informative!!! Ive read about Spartan law and ive came away with more watching this.. hopefully next youll do some about spartan kings and there stories
Am i the only one thats seeing black spots inbetween the square people 15:15
Friggin' A, I love these videos
This system of government is so insanely bad and vulnerable to abuse that it is a miracle that this state lasted so long....
We Spartans are the strongest!!!\n\nAnd then the Roman Legions arrived. xD
not sure if this video is purposely misleading or not, but from what I've learned Spartan heiresses inherited half, to less than half, of that which was divided among male children. Spartan heiresses could not determine who they married. It was arranged by some sort of guardian or ruling body, not by themselves. Once married, a Spartan heiress' inheritance would be granted to the control of her husband - the catch is, he would most likely be at war, training for war, or investing himself in politics, far too busy to run household business. \n\nHowever Athenian scholars have suggested that it was Spartan women who contributed to the demise of Sparta herself. As inheritance grew, so did entitlement, and women married later and later, sometimes choosing to not have children at all. To a diminishing Sparta outnumbered (as I've heard) up to 10-to-1, this was a death knoll. Lack innovation. Lack of conscription. Xenophobia. Fear of trade. Women who the Greeks considered overly entitled and outright unruly, thus slowing, if not halting all together the supply of Spartan stock... everything was a powder keg. \n\nBegrudgingly, Spartans had to eventually let Helots join their military ranks just to fill the gaps. And then... there were nearly as many helot warriors trained up as Spartans as their were Spartan citizens. A unique, but over all failure of a government strategy. Yes they created the first constitution. Yes the practiced oligarchy, democracy, aristocracy and duoarchy at the same time - kinda reminds me of the States. Yes the Spartan government lasted longer than Athenian democracy (also a huge failure). But No, no, no, could Sparta sustain itself. It did good for like, what, 400 years? But little room for growth or upward mobility. Shame.
All of these optical illusions with the bunched up squares
You make such great videos!
to me [degeneracy] sounds like they were just having a good time\nAnd that is why the West is dying. History tells some hard truths that we refuse to aknowledge because we are too weak willed to  offend someone, or take initiative.
this is really interesting. before this video i did not have the slightest idea about how the spartan state operated
I learned a lot. Seriously, 3 minutes from one of your vids is worth like 5 modern BBC documentaries.
Pls more of these videos and make them longer
It were the women that brought down the fall of Sparta.
ALL THE GREEKS JOINED ALEXANDER THE GREAT,ONLY THE SPARTANS STAYED BEHIND FOR FRAPE!!!\n\nHORIS LOGIA!!!
Wasn't there a class of non-citizen freemen who lived in the Spartan lands? If I remember correctly they mainly did the jobs that were seen as above the Helots but beneath the Spartans proper, such as a good deal of the merchant work, as well as serving in the army if called upon. In fact if my memory of my undergraduate reading doesn't fail me it was actually possible for these freemen to be elevated into full Spartanhood under very special conditions and with the support of a Spartan citizen.
Please, make  battle of stirling bridge,but without William Wallace throwing fire through the eyes and thunder through the butt.\nI love your history videos.
It's nice to see how popular this channel is. There is so much junk on You Tube it's nice to see some people still have class. Hail Caesar o.o/
22:20 \n\nI think you answered you own question in this video. Because Sparta raised it's soldiers from men who owned plots of land provided by the government, the less land owners the less soldiers. And because over centuries these lands accumulated to wealthy families it meant there was less public land to distribute and less soldiers to raise.\n\nThey couldn't alter the course of this accumulation of wealth because of the conservative nature of the government. \n\nPretty similar to what happened to Rome. Strong army in the beginning by giving it's male citizens plots of land and raising them into an army but then the wealth accumulated and the armies weakened. \n\nI quess it's difficult to avoid that phenomena of accumulating wealth and through that power to a small part of the population because those who could stop this are the ones benefitting. So basically the greed of a few made these empires collapse.\n\nMaybe this tells something about what happens when you can inherit great wealth. Wealth accumulates and along that power. Then the government that was supposed to look after the nation is primarily concerned with their personal wealth.\n\nWhat could've the government done? Well nothing really. If even a considerable portion them would've wanted a reform to distribute public lands again it would've required majority. If the king wanted it he would've basically needed the other king to murder the elders together to make it happen. And even then what is the backlash to such an action? Civil war would be highly likely. The two kings would have to enforce their laws by force. And what after? Would they reinstitute the same system or work as 2 kings. The 2 king system is definitely ending with a civil war or an assassination to form a dictatorship. \n\nSo it doesn't really seem like there was any other course that this form of government was going to go through with that structure.
Wow, they sound like they have a pretty Democratic system.
Waiting forever for another one of his videos, good lord I love them :)
Sounds like the Gerousia were kinda detrimental to the whole thing.
I've seen an in-depth historian's account on the Spartan mythos that debunks a lot of their image as the dominant Greek military power.  Long story short, tales of the Battle of Thermopylae became overblown propaganda, even corrupting the perceptions of Sparta pre-Persian invasion.  It wasn't until much later that Sparta got a strong, sophisticated military, perhaps just from trying to live up to their new reputation.  Self-fulfilling prophecy of sorts.  Only really relevant to the opening of this vid.  As always, thanks for all this fascinating info!
this is the greatest history channel on youtube!
And here comes Rome to fuck all y'all shit up
Probably their government got big and ate the honest citizenry.
The artstyle and general visual digestion of this video is quite spartan.
Is this video about the constitution of Sparta or Spammers? Cause your comments section is unusually infested.
I believe not every ancient authors were uncritically admiring of Sparta. They suffered a pretty nasty defeat against Thebes at Leuctra, after all, and it was downhill from then on. It's a pretty important battle in ancient military strategy, I hope Historia Civilis covers it some day.
It didn't help when the Spartans killed their babies to see if they were perfect or not.
DAYUM! You shit on their entire system of government at the end!! Maybe all the hommies moved out cause they wanted to have a little fun?
Ah the Gerousia, my fallback for when someone who doesn't understand statistics talks about how life expectancy in ancient times.
So that's why Sparta fell, feminism. It all makes sense now.
In Xenophon the X is pronounced like in the word x-ray not like z
...My God, and I thought Rome's government was confusing. I've rewatched this many times, and I honestly followed Rome better than this shitfest. Holy hell man...
Are you going to do the wars with Persia?
You had no business dismissing Aristotle for criticizing extreme wealth and luxury. He was totally right - and pretty much all the other ancient philosophers have the same criticisms of the elites of their societies. Great video otherwise, but that one point was surprisingly stupid.
Firstly, in the From Democrats to Kings, Michael Scott narrates a lot of battles throughout the V and IV B.C centuries and also how warfare evolved to something more killing efficient. I don't remember if it was him or someone who was debating on the specific topic of Sparta's declining military prowes, but it was a point that the continous loss of men able to fight and also the inability for the Spartans to change that was responsable for it's eventual decline. I think that those were interesting points to be considered: a geographical power whose only strength was it's military capabilities having said capabilities cut short led to an eventual downfall, that the pride and lack of reforms made sure to continue.\n\nLastly, archaic freaks or achaean-c freaks? Ha! I will see myself out.
Their was nothing glorious about Sparta they were a dictatorship fascism slave society, it was doomed to fail.
When you say that a spartan male reached adulthood he received land from the state im pretty sure that only Spartan citizens received land. And to be a citizen you had to pass the Agoge (spartan military education) not simply come of age
1:14 The Spartans didn't really speak the same language. Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nxD4GDJXCw
Wern't the Spartans defeated in a battle with Thebes, before Macedon conquered Greece?
I wish you mentioned the messenians.
Wow, you got a trending video!
I love the Rome videos and don't want them to end, but I'm super-psyched that you're expanding your territory. Keep it up!
Ma guy! Fuckin love these vids.
outro music so dank, great video
Gerusia optical illusion lmfao
Wow, they're freaks! :v
increasing immigration rate Globalist neo-liberal scum detected. Unsubbed
This is SPARTA!
roolllllllll up!!!!
Edifying as always
Absolutely amazing video, thanks!
maybe athens next?
Fucking elevator/waiting music.
5:54 Historia Civilis is SJW confirm?
S'all good, dawg
THIS IS SPARTA!!!
Gimme your piglets!
Please stop injecting your modern/fashionable political views into historical documentaries thnx
I didn't know J.D. Stillwater was a Ephor! 13:02
Does Xenophon have something to do with xenophobia?
I love this new ELDW foundation the finish is so pretty!!
I'm so excited for you that youre finally going on accutane, you deserve your clear skin and i cant wait for your transformation 💙💙💙
Awesome review!  I think I'm gonna give the Estee lauder foundation a try. ❤ Love this series of videos.
I love me some emo.
how often do you do the 15 Days of Foundation?
I bought that Lottie London foundation stick when I was just starting my make up phase. It nearly put me off for life!! It's soooooo bad!
Can you do a top 5 fav foundations of all time?
This shade looks almost like your skin tone!
You're my hero
This foundation made your skin look flawless and so healthy! This one is a keeper
I can't wrap my head around the fact that such high price foundation doesn't have a pump. For that money you should definitely get a pump!
Day 11 already! Love your videos.
The liquid Lottie London foundation I heard is much better!
I would love to see you review the Dior Forever foundation. I think since you have issues with longevity.. this one could work for you :)
I have been on acutaine for a few months now and I went from having extremely oily skin with cystic acne to a few regular blemishes here and there (still not done with taking the pills) but my face is so dry now! I can't use any of my matte foundations anymore and I basically have to switch up my entire routine. I would say it is still worth it though!
Oooh I like this one - the ELDWN not the LL!.  Is it my imagination or did the swatch of this look really similar to the swatch of the Dermacol 208?  Since that's my perfect shade, this cool bone one might be as well (at least in this formula anyway).  The same colour in the other formula being so different - I wonder if there was some sort of a mix-up and it was mislabeled since it looked so different (it actually looked way to yellow to be called cool anything).
FILM TUBE new Channel Frequency 💋💋❥❥❥👫💘😻💋💋
How do you keep your teeth so white AND still drink coffee?! Taylor teach me your Taylaa ways!!!
I'm newer here. Does anyone know if she has her eyebrows microbladed? Even before make up they looked very dark and filled in. Just curious 😊
Curious, but does make up make ppl break out easier?
Your trending girl! Thats pretty awsome, also thanks for trying out another foundation instead of making this a short fail vid. Your hard work is def. Appreciated and acknowledged!!
Does anyone know if Taylor has tried the Double Wear Light? \nSharon Farrell here on YouTube says it's her favorite. She's lighter complected and has oily skin. Thinking Taylor might like it also...?\nBtw if you don't know Sharon, go check her out. She's a awesome! Does amazing vlogs too. I feel like a lot of Taylor's subscribers would like Sharon. Good for the smart, more mature audience.
i thought this was jaclyn hill in the thumbnail
I think this might be one of my favorites in 15 days of foundation 🙌🏼✨
Are you gonna do a video on fenty beauty foundation? I wanna know what shade you are
You're literally trending rn I love it
#25 trending when I came here to watch!
Girl! You're trending #25\nAlso that Estee Lauder foundation looks great!.
This foundation looked so pretty on you!! I gotta try it!!
love how that foundation looks on your skin 💓 I want to purchase it now 😭
Why does it have to end!?!? 😭 #snapchatfam
The way you felt about that stick foundation is how I feel about the Fit Me stick foundation. Does everything you just described.
Wonderful review! The new Estee Lauder foundation looks beautiful! I liked the suttle shade difference too (for fair skin)! I'm definitely going to check it out. Thank you! 💛
I love Double Wear. It's my holy grail. I definitely want to try this out. What was going on with the Lottie London one☹️
One of the best shade matches ever!!
Your videos are often the best part of my day! So glad that even though your audience grows and you are so busy outside youtube, your spark, humor and dedication to making quality content never fade <3
You are very honest and I love that about your channel. Keepem comin
I loveee how much work you put into your channel 🙌🏻💖
The face you make when you get trolled 14:54
I was so excited to see this idea up early!
I kinda like the way you look better with medium coverage. It makes your skin look more natural I think.
the stick foundation looked drier than the sahara desert. wow.
That's so weird (the Lottie foundation) cause I have both of there's. The stick foundation is one of my favourite foundations plus it covers a lot! \n\nThough I do have fairly unblemished skin.
Really hope you'll be reviewing the new peach foundation from Too Faced!
is it sad I won't watch anyone else's review on the fenty foundation until I see Taylor's on day 13 cause her opinion's the only one I really care about😂
Yes on Trending!!!!! That's great Taylor! 💗💗
I am so ready for the fenty review!!! I know just about everyone I watch has enjoyed it but I'm still not sure if I wanna purchase it until I see the review here! If I can trust anyone's review 100% is from the baerrito fam.
Please review the new FENTY foundation!!!!
You should try out the nars velvet matte skin tint!!!!!
You can apply the Estée Lauder nude with ur finger tips
Thataylaa, try using a thin layer of the original DW. After, apply DW Nude. You will get beautiful coverage and proper hydration!!! Although you go through a crap ton of the DW nude, at least it builds without caking if used alone. Tell me what you think off the combo of original and nude!!!
I wish beauty gurus wouldn't put wow so good! Or Fail! In the thumbnail because it makes you not want to watch it because you know the outcome.
girl, do more drugstore foundations! I don't have the budget lmao 💞💞
I'm kind of disappointed that I can't get a #15daysof foundation shirrrrrrt but at the same time I understand she's doing something biggggg
omg your video is 15th on the trending page!! Coincidence?? Love you girl 😽
Yay trending! You go girl! 🌯🌯🌯
You need to post the Fenty Beauty foundation review NOW you're number 21 on trending now, and you could get even more views and subscribers that you honestly deserve. The fenty beauty reviews are hyped right now and highly viewed.
Literally just got my sister addicted to 15DoF and she's not currently in bed at 1am watching your videos from January she's went that far back😂 #newbaerittos X love u girl xx
@thataylaa your eye twitches because of a lack of zinc. If you take a daily vitamin that says it has zinc in it and he still twitch then you need more zinc than that. Just wanted a while not every day.
Test fenty Beauty foundation bbg!!
Trending woo
So happy you're trending!! 💕
#25 on trending!!! Congrats!!!❤️❤️👏👏
Your trending!💙
Damn girl you hit
You're trending ❤️❤️❤️
Trending!!
You're trending:)
YAS girl! Congrats on trending!!!
Pls try kryolan supracolour and vitocolour foundations For me 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Dude your eyelashes cover your eyebrows! lol
Please review fenty beauty foundation !
SAIL!!
REVIEW FENTY BEAUTY PLEASE!!!!!!!
Eye twitch from aggravating foundation,  lol.   💦💦💦💦
Look who's TRENDING!! 👏🏻❤️
Our girl is treeeendinggggg 😁😁
iwant kiss you
YOU'RE TRENDING !!!
Ahhhhhhh you're trending!!!
Try fenty beauty foundation
Yeahhh  😍😄#17 on trending!!!!
Trending!!! #17 😀
Video is trending woo 👌😆
YOU'RE TRENDING!!! 😍😁😄
Omg you're trending!!! #15
25 on trending!!!!!!
#18 on trending...?! GET IT GURL!!!
#18 on trending!!
Hi Taylor love your channel watch your videos daily! :) I must say the first foundation was crap , but I have to say am I the only one who didn't like the Estee foundation on her ??? I thought it showed off her texture way too much and her skin looked uneven in color and it also made her pores show so much more with this foundation. I've seen plenty other foundations you tried look absolutely beautiful.on your skin but this one for me didn't do it for you .
Sub to my channel trying to reach 1 sub
EW ! This is why I have trust issues 😣
Your skin looks bad. I would NOT put ANYTHING on it. Eat pineapple and get some SUN! It will help kill the the acne causing bacteria and smooth your skin out. Fresh cut pineapple every other day for two weeks. And no makeup for two weeks.\n\nStart with that and you will need a lot less foundation!!
honestly, that lottie linda foundation was trash... kinda like my ex. 🤷🏻‍♀️😂 but you honestly looked sick, but by the end of the video you looked fabulous!! 😍 i’m so sad this season of 15 DOF is almost over 😭
Slag
If your natural hair is blond, why do your eyebrows grow in black?
You're trending! So happy to see more people watching you! You deserve it 💁🏻💁🏻
Goddd I love your videosss!!!
Please please please pluck your eyebrows before filming, they look so messy!
ALL THESE FUCKIN RETARDED MAKEUP TUTORIAL YOUTUBERS NEED  TO EITHER DIE OR GET OFF THE MOTHERFUCKING TRENDING FEED.
I miss the old kanye\nChop up the beats kanye.
Thank you for this. Thank Kanye for all of this.
I have problem choosing wether Graduation or 808 and Heartbreaks to be my favorite album
Graduation is great, but id didn't change music, 808's and heartbreak did,
My favorites are Champion and Glory. Stronger is overrated
Genius has a YouTube channel?? How did I not know this before today! Subscribed 🎶❤️
everything i'm not made me everything i am 🤘🏻
I think the biggest effect Kanye West ever had on my life was that he showed me there was in fact, actually one person on this earth I actually despise more than Taylor Swift. Then Beyonce just kinda shrugged him off and congratulated Taylor Swift. I see why so many people like Beyonce, she is a class act. Still don't get why so many like the other 2 though...
I bought a CD back in 2007 for the cover and kept it for the music.
I wanna see one of this for every album, specially for mldtf
I thought thay meant that they played his music at an Graduation....
lmao when's he gonna get lil wayne to play guitar on his album?
I know God put you infront of me .How the hell could you front on me ?!!
i was lowkey sad when it ended hahaha i was interested in what they had to say for post graduation
Spoilers: it didn't change music
Forget the new kanye i need old kanye
His sampling game on point💯
Anyone weird enough to like fish dicks is bound to be considered eccentric thus genius by the average person.\nAlso, no genius would marry a Kardashian or leave an insurmountable volume of shit that comes out of his mouth aka brain.
#46 on trending? it's LIT
Unfortunately Kanye and Wayne different versions of hip hope and rap has lead to the mumble crap we see today with nothing but beats and autotune carrying entire wongs
The dude is a musical genius, i just wish he wasnt an egotistical, autistic, arrogant piece of shit human being yah know?
Does anyone else notice Kanye's jacket in the vid look like the black parade jackets
Just gonna say it's refreshing to see a YouTube comment section where people aren't shitting on Kanye. Y'all wavy.
This is a nice format! Can Genius have a channel for rock & metal?
to bad he gave travis the throne
the greatest album ever
Do a video on different beat producers love for Chrono Trigger samples. I hear it everywhere in rap.
that shit is classic!
Graduation is my favorite album by Kanye west
KANYE NARCISSIST WEST D-I-S-G-R-A-C-E-D his mom by what he said vs. what he became...a MONSTER at approx. 5:00 mark #Disgrace
his best album hands down
kanye is the most consistent rapper ever , release one track , instant classic.
I miss the old Kanye
Am i the only one who likes drunk and hot girls? 🤔
when vox already covered this about 2 weeks ago...
College dropout is his best album doe... graduation is cool... but it's not college dropout. The production alone makes it a classic.... one of my top 3 albums ever
My Favourite hip hop album of all time
I adore Kanye, but I recently discovered his developed style was just birthed from copying Kid Cudi lol. Was sort of disappointing.\nGraduation was the last original thing Kanye made, even though Dark Fantasy is his best work.
You know you're a legend when your arguably worst album is a calssic !
I'm still listening to graduation 💯💯💯
50 told me go ahead switch your style up, and if they hate then let em hate and watch the money pile up.
I could guess that 80% of people who own yeezys don't even know graduation. Really sad to think
2007 me: there's no way Kanye can do better than this \n2010: Jesus fucking Christ
did he say dived instead of dove?
I miss the old Kanye...
How many people were singing and dancing the whole time this video was on? 😂😂
As much as I loved Graduation I really think you should have done a video of how 808s changed music instead.
Wishing kanye releases more music soon! Heard his new album might be called turbo graphx 16?
Good Morning is the best song on the album IMO
I'm a god
Flashing lights, can't tell me nothing, Stronger best songs on the album
*i was still changing my diapers*
AND I WONDER..
You already know
Still listen daily
50 on trending
Kanye is ahead of time
wasn't better than Curtis
What does the one person in the audience yell at 4:08?
Graduation is like 2-3 but MBDTF is just the best album of all time 🤙🏾
This album made me understand why other people feel so connected to music. My favourite album (behind good Kid M.A.A.D city). BTW good morning > congratulations for a graduation song.
This is not a mishap.
kayne is an asshole and he sucks.
Yall copies Pitchforks video
I miss stronger
Who is Kanye?
i still hate kanye west
GOAT!!!!!!!
shoutout to daft punk
Great video my friend
I liked Drunken Hot Girls.
MBDTF tops Graduation.
KANYE IS THE FUCKING GOAT DONT YOU FUCKERS FORGET #freeye
Kid cudi helped influence his sound too
Can we pls get cruel winter already
Imo the greatest rapper ever
808s more influential than graduation
Nxt time jst background commentary
Damn this makes so much sense omg
This is awesome
Kanye West is the greatest ARTIST of the 21st century
Kanye was the core of hip hop in the 2000s. His creativity literally changed the game. Like, what fucking rapper in 2007 would collab with Chris Martin? All his songs on Graduation are GOLD for that time
Kanye West is the goat and there's no dispute
When this album came out, it never left my car's CD player for over 7 months. The fact that he made the beats made the songs more appreciative.
Man that album was awesome
Everyone always ignores The Glory, that was my favorite song in the album.
To this day kanye's most overlooked and underrated album.
Kanye was light years before his time. Everything being produced now he did almost half a decade ago. Kanye is the GOAT
808's and heartbreak I think really changed the game. And kinda paved the way to bring about a lot of the artist we have today.
Greatest artist of the past 20 years
1. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy \n2. The College Dropout \n3. Graduation \n4. Late Registration \n5. The Life of Pablo \n6. 808's & Heartbreak\n7.  Yeezus \n\nMy Personal Taste \n\n1. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy \n2. Graduation\n3. The Life of Pablo\n4. Late Registration \n5. The College Dropout\n6. Yeezus \n7. 808's and Heartbreak
yes he is extremely talented, but he doesn't have to be so smug about it. I just wish he would just tone down his narcissistic tendencies and just be himself for a change. I don't. hate Kanye West for I am a secretly a huge fan of  his music.
One of my favorite albums definitely a classic ‼️‼️‼️ hes the 🐐  GOAT ... lyrically top 5
I listen to all that trap shit now days. But it's something special when I can listen to a bunch of bull shit and the only real hip hop I have on my phone is Kanye West albums all the way up to run away. His messages in his songs are so real man. I'm a truck driver, so I'll put it on shuffle and my whole day will change emotionally. Also I have Lauren Hill, Eryka Badu, some floetry, etc.... I love good music. But now days it's dying to me.
Graduation is still my favorite Kanye album...amazing front to back
For the 2010s, the top 5 most influential and culture changing albums/projects in no particular order are My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, Take Care, House of Balloons, Good Kid, M.A.A.D City and Channel Orange. Changed music as a whole.
true artist
Absolute classic. Beautiful album.
Greatest rapper alive, fuck lil wayne.
It's not rly that original it's heavily inspired by kid cudi
does anyone else feel 'numbness' in yr arms or whatever like it not there BUT it is there? idk some1
So I think I have this?? I don't really know, I want to talk to my mom but sometimes she´s like you are just finding out diseases that you see on the internet or stuff like that and this really sucks because I can't enjoy my life when I'm spaced out and I really hate it.\nThank you so much for doing this video, I'm going to show this to my mom and ask her for help<3
For the first time I dissociated an event this last week. A friend was in a car accident and i witnessed it all in my rearview. It was terrifying- I thought he was dead. I vividly remember detail and images, but throughout the experience never felt present. Even now a week later It doesn't feel like an even that happened. I wonder if derealisation is something that ive had, and this event only magnified it. For some time now I feel somewhat absent minded, and can't remember most of my day or week. Only more recently have I looked into it more but I dont know where I am as far as set label i guess.
I don't know what I have like I always have time slip through my one ear and the other like I can't remember simple things like conversations I had today and when I look in the mirror for to long I look different, like not myself. Does anyone know what I have?
I think my worst problem with experiencing derealisation(other than ya know, dissociating for weeks at a time) is that I know exactly what triggered it but it wasn't traumatizing in any way. It was like a switch in my brain which caused panic attacks that lasted so long that I numbed my emotions into derealisation and it's just confusing.
This is very helpful!! I have a dissociative disorder (including derealization/depersonalization) and it's very nice that you opened up about it!! DR/DP is very scary to experience sometimes and it's great that you're spreading knowledge.
@doddleoddle Derealization is talked about in the song Anziety by Logic, if you haven't heard it. Thank you for making this video <3
This was so informative and helpful. That shattered marble like clicks perfectly to what sets me off sometimes. I hope that I can find a group near me to just feel the same around and talk about it.
this was a really helpful video!!! thank u dodie
This is a strange state to be in. I feel dead inside..like I'm in a sort of purgatory...just observing unable to participate..for me it started out very vibrant, clairvoyant and i was full of life (for the first time) for about 2 months..then it cascaded into this place of isolation and disconnectedness. Calling it depression isn't quite right...because that would be a sensory experience.
THIS WAS EXCELLENT IM DEFINITELY SUBBING HER
I immediately recognised Kati from that one Always open episode that I put in my then-newly-established Important things playlist. So now I have a ton of collab videos in my watch later playlist... Time to get to watching ~
one of the first medications I tried was Zoloft, and it didn't work for me at all. I've been on medication since I was about 13 or 14, and I didn't find (what I think is) the right medication until I was about 16, and even now, my doctor checks with my medication and considers changing my cocktail of meds! :) i'm afraid of therapies like TCMS because I'm not really familiar with it and I'm afraid that it will be dangerous! I've only tried CBT, and I didn't feel like it worked for me. I am trying a new therapist at the end of the month, though, so we'll see how that goes!
I'm pretty darn sure I don't have any of these but I still experience this stuff on occasion. Is that normal? Just like sudden moments of self-awareness like I am a human I could be seeing colors that are not anyone else's colors what does water taste like and weird stuff like that, but not very often.
i had a panic attack today in class and i didnt know what was going on but now i know it was dissociation
i remember seeing a post on tumblr of the behaviors of depersonalization and it hit me that this could be what was wrong with me. i researched it for like a week and saw myself in almost all of the signs. i brought it up to my mom and she didn't even ask why i thought i felt this way. all she said was you can't believe everything you see on the internet i'm still very sure i suffer from this. i don't even recognize myself in the mirror or pictures anymore. i almost caught myself asking my friend who this strange girl was in our group photo. i'm so so tired. and i don't know what to do.
when Kati said mindfulness, it made me wonder ... have you tried/considered trying meditation?
Wow this explains so much for me. I've struggled with all of these due to mental illness and trauma since I was a child. Thank you for this video.
When my derealization gets really bad I become paranoid about if my reality is real and feel like I'm trapped in a dream and I'm on the brink of lucidity in the dream, just not quite there. I focus on specific things happening in the environment and with my body and tell myself these are the things I will remember from the dream when I wake up (but I am awake, so when I'm asleep). As a writer, most of the stories I write involve parallel/multi-layered realities, so I've labeled my derealization as moments of inspiration because I'm in the head space of the stories I write.
i think i have this ??? a few days ago after an assembly at school i got up and went to class but as soon as i started writing everything seemed so blurry and i couldn't get my brain to process that everything was real and i felt like i was in a dream. ppl's voices seemed far away and i felt like i couldn't move but when i did it hurt really bad. and after the bad part stopped i  just felt so empty ?? i didn't feel like i could really fEEEL my emotions the whole day + everything that had happened didn't feel real and it made me feel so empty and disconnected for the rest of the day. + it's been happening quite often since then. welp that's enough of dec ranting bye ✨💖🌙
i am soooooo happy that dodie talks about this. this helps me soooo much. just the fact you can recognize these things and not feeling alone! im soo happy with this! there are no words for the gratefullness i feel right now. i love you for that
i have derealisation/depersonalisation and i've heard from so many different places that the best thing to do is to talk to someone, but i don't have anyone to talk to. i feel like none of my friends would take me seriously, or even think i made this up for attention. what should i do?
I do this, I didn't know it was a thing! I used to do it subconsciously, zone out when I got stressed, but I've trained myself to do it manually.
Thank you so much for explaining, now i understand it better and i dont feel like a drama queen or something anymore
Fastest 10.5 minutes of my life
been a waitin for this
She is so incredibly interesting! I could listen to her for hours. and this video kinda explains what I've been feeling for a while. ❤️
I couldn't stop staring at Kati. She has something mesmerizing, I don't know if it's the way she talks, acts, her mimics... is that weird ? XD
i get something familiar sometimes. i sometimes feel like i've gone numb and i feel slightly 'spaced out'. it's confusing :/
Thank you so much, Dodie. I have been struggling with this for so long and it comforts me to know that I'm not the only one out there.
This was really helpful, thank you!
thank you for making me be more aware. thank you for making me research and learn. i love you. thank you.
I rarely comment on videos when on YouTube as I have a lot of anxiety surrounding interaction with people at any level, online or in person but I wanted to share this poem I wrote some time ago, and this community always seems so nice. I think it describes some of the feelings I was going through at one time in my life and watching your videos has made me think I may have been experiencing some form of depersonalization....\n\nIs this face mine?\nIt blinks in time with I\nWhen blue it too sinks, to a sadly painted hue\nIn its cheeks\n\nAnd as I, walk and talk my way through time\nIt too ages with the mind\nforming every crease and every line\nI question still:\nI may be real but is this face mine?\nOr is it merely borrowed to one day be returned?\nTo trade in all that I have loved and all that I have learned\nFor another soul to grow old,\nOnly to ask a question asked through time\nIs this face truly mine?
This is super interesting and it actually helped me understand a few things about myself.
I've had derealisation since I was really young but I never knew what was really happening. Lately I've just started to think it was something related to my anxiety. Thank you so much for making this video and explaining all of this it really helped.
This was so interesting!
Even if I don't have derealisation or depersonalisation I have that kind of thoughts sometimes and I had anxiety and depression all this year and all your videos helped me so much. You talking about all this things makes me feel good because I found someone who knows what I went through all this months because even though there are a lot about mental illness in pages, there are not many people who actually suffers it and talks openly about it. Thank you so much Dodie. I know you're going to get out of this and that you're going to be able to feel yourself again.
Thanks for this fantastic video! During my worst stages of anxiety I experienced depersonalisation and derealisation for 3 months straight. Luckily through coping techniques and talking through my trauma I overcame it and haven't felt this way in years. You got this Dodie! ❤
Hi Dodie! \n\nLet me first say that I love your music and your videos! They make my day better :)\n\nSecondly, I would like to say that I'm a 20 year old Music Education student and I was wondering if music therapy could be an option that you've considered for derealization/depersonalization. I'm not a doctor, but I do strongly believe in the results that music therapy can bring. I'd like to maybe know your thoughts about it too :) Does Britain have any programs like this (I'm from Canada and I do know it's becoming more popular here)? Could this be another helpful thing for people with this disorder?\n\nI don't want to seem bossy or anything; I'm just curious about what you think and I'd like to help in any way that I can haha. \n\nKeep making videos Dodie and keep being an inspiration because you are doing amazing things :) Thanks :)
thank you dodie for uploading this video. I understand more about derealisation and know there are other mental diseases out in the world noticed. Maybe I do have something or maybe I don't. Overall, you made my eyes open and make me feel real for just at least some minutes.
I feel like I have dissociation, but it's not during moments of stress or trauma. It's mainly brought on by being awake in the middle of the night. Could being awake really late cause a trigger in my brain?
Thank god ive found the name for this. I'm already feeling a lot better.
I posted a comment on here before, but the question just occurred to me. Has anyone down here in the comments gone through dp/dr and came out of it?  Best of luck to you Dodie. I'm actually in the UK now and it'd be amazing to meet someone else that's experiencing the same thing. Best of luck to you<33
I usually don't comment on this type of stuff, I doubt anyone will even read this but I don't know what's wrong with me. Everything feels like a dream. It doesnt feel real. I don't really have past traumatic events. I don't know why nothing feels real or why I get sad and tired all the time. I make myself busy doing stuff to try to distract myself and it doesn't work a whole lot. For some reason I feel not as sad currently and it changes from extremely sad to almost okay. When I'm upset I can't imagine what it was like to be happy. I write stuff when I'm sad and when I'm happy I'll read it and be like how did I ever feel this the main thing that messes me up is time. Stuff is over too fast and time just feels very weird
wow I've had derealization and depersonalization and I didn't know what was wrong but this helped me out so so much. I just didn't feel like I was there and I didn't feel like I was my self. I have more memories with my derealization because it used to happen A LOT. I never knew what was wrong. During those episodes I don't like talking to anyone because it makes me feel more out of myself. Thank you soooo much
This video made me realize that I have had moments of derealization and depersonalization in the past. Last year, when I was at school, I just felt like I was floating through a dream that never ended. Youtube has helped me feel those emotions again and all of the sudden the feelings would go away! Something about school triggers it, but I don't know what. With depersonalization, I often, since I was very little, have felt disconnected with my body. I would look at my hands and feel weird, and try stomping my feet to make me feel connected, but nothing would work. I just felt like I was floating separate from my body. Eventually, it would pass, and I never thought much of it. Now, I can put a name to it and try to tell people how I feel! Thank you so much for making this video, it helped me a lot! \nLots of love!
my? two? favorite? people? in? one? video???? I'm shook , I lo ve y a l l 💕
i'm not sure i have dissociation/depersonalization/derealisation? idk, i have long periods where my brain feels disconnected from my body... kinda like,, floating in the space above my head? weird concept i know,, and i don't feel like i have any emotion and every feeling- physical or emotion- is like dulled at the edges and sometimes lights can seem too bright and everything i hear seems like white noise. i don't really have trauma tho so idkkkk i feel like i'm being dramatic and unnecessary
The bit about the marbles was SO INTERESTING AND EYE-OPENING I never thought of trauma that way. I treated it as a single marble I wouldn't stop picking up instead of something that's been shattered/dispersed through everything.
tbh the inside out analogy made a lot of sense
okay i need help. sometimes i get a feeling that sort of sounds like this but i dont know if it is or not. for example the other night i was in the backseat of my friends' car on the way home from a movie and idk why but she started tickling me as a joke and we were laughing and i was squirming and as i bent over to hide my face from her, i just felt this really weird wave of disconnection. like i was floating outside of my body, and i couldnt feel myself smiling or smell anything and all the sounds around me went hazy, like i was under water. it happened again twice that night when i was just sitting there in the car, not even laughing and moving around anymore. its happened more times for sure but that was the most recent. is this something to look into?
I zone out when I'm stressed and start to be quiet and sometimes I do it in class and it scares my teacher 😂 ;-; and I todally feel like I'm not here or like life is just a dream when it happens
that was so educating and well illustrated, i love it!!
I think I might have derealization, but like you when it's at its worst depersonalization. Honestly to me it's really terrifying. I don't fell like I'm here and that I'm in a dream. I really wish I could talk to a parent but they'd think I'm just going through a phase or being over dramatic. I really wish I could figure out what's wrong with me... \nBut I just wanted to say thank you so much dodie. Thanks to you, I figured some things out and why I'm feeling like this. Not everything of course, there's still a lot I don't know. But videos like these really help ♡♡ ilysm
OMG... I think I may have this... I go into this state of mind where it's feels like I'm dreaming and it's hard to control my body and what's going on... and I start to panic before and after it happenes... I have never heard of this and I thought it was just me... but like everyone thinks I'm crazy when I tell them
Welp I relate
I finally know what to call this feeling;;;
this was super interesting to hear about, my knowledge of mental illnesses was super limited up until recently and i find learning new things like this, thought it is sad its kinda at your expense...
I'm really reluctant to say that anything's wrong with me given that I'm so young, I've never had anything traumatic happen to me and I generally have a good memory, but I looked up a list of dissociation symptoms on a very reliable health website and I related to 8 out of 10 of them.
Katiiii! I love this woman. Her videos saved my life, particularly her video on intrusive thoughts. I have severe OCD and I had a random spike in 2015 and I was very close to ending my life when I came across Kati's videos. If you're reading this Kati I want to say THANK YOU from the bottom of my heart for saving my life. 💕
i don't know why i'm crying halfway through but thank you for this. <3
So informative and helpful thanks lovely girls x
As someone who also suffers from derealisation and depersonalisation and is constantly told by therapists, I don't know what's wrong with you, or I don't know how to help you, this video was endlessly helpful for me. Thank you ❤️
When I got trama last year in my freshmen year and my way to cope was talking to myself which then turned into a imaginary friend. This friend then began becoming abusive (since they were my own thoughts) and kept me up at night. I haven't talked about it with anyone cause I'm 15 and I feel like they'll think I've gone mad...
I'm always so confused how you can like “test“ if you have depersonalisation or derealisation because how can I know that I feel spaced out? Like sometimes I feel like in a dream but then I'm like: “ah no it's real“ and that's it idk it's weird
I think beginning to try and get out of your state ( whatever your problem is, wether it's depersonalisation/realisation or anxiety ) is the first step and maybe hardest, for some people, towards healing...
loved the description of the childhood little Ts as i've never really thought about it in that way before!
I have the same glasses, but in pink :))
I don't have depersonalisation or derealisation but watching this was really interesting and really quite soothing. I feel like when I come to a mental block I can use some of these tips so thank you :-)
Isn't it annoying when you have to go back and pause the writing that's on the screen for 2 seconds for comic effect
holy shit. I think i have derealization. i always feel like i'm not actually 'there' like it was all a dream. i thought it wasn't a mental illness i always thought that it's just me being weird? but i didn't have any traumatic past though. i'm really scared.
thank you. i really needed to hear this today, knowing that im not alone and that what i feel is valid <3
This video was VERY helpful for me to explain the differences between the 3 words. I have disassociation every single day, as other things happening in my body adds to this part of me going: ah, shit! Panic! Let's get out of this body quickly! It can show on me in many ways- feel like I'm floating being tied to a balloon so there's still this level of groundedness, or I have moments, especially when I'm not on my anxiety meds, where I just feel loony and I cannot connect what I am seeing to me, as if I am in a video game or I'm always strapped into a VR headset, it's terrifying and no one I've said about it so far really thinks this is real or it's not all in my head, so I just wanted to say thank you Dodie and her Therapist friend hehe ❤️❤️
When I get really depressed I don't recognise myself. Like I'll know I'm the one moving my body but it doesn't feel like me and when I look into a mirror I know it's my face because I know I'm looking into a mirror but I don't recognise it.\nThe longest that it has happened for one time was about a week\n\n*edit* When you were talking about small childhood issues that weren't that big but seemed worse at the time. At one stage the back of my hands were hit with a wooden spoon until my knuckels were bleeding, things like that still dont seem like a small issue
Schema therapy is amazing! I have tried a bunch of meds, general talk therapy, CBT, TMS, a bunch of things in an intensive outpatient program, and they helped but none as much as schema therapy.
I have no memory of my childhood, my brain repressed every memory because of a really big trauma that happened to me when I was 5
This was wonderful 'cause I learned so much! Thank you Dodie and Kati!
To me, looking in a mirror is a scarrest part of depersonalisation because you start to realize so well that something is wrong. Luckily I haven't experienced this for a long time like now it happens only when I'm extra tired and sad, it feels like your body tries to protect you
I cannot tell you enough how much this type of videos helped me! Really, really from the bottom of my heart thank you.
when i was younger i used to feel like i was trapped in my body and that my hands weren't my part of my body and now i'm just realizing i am mentally ill
This is amazing. I truly understand and also deal with this. Dissociation is so hard and scary.
Hi! I have a question/need advice:\nI took a math test yesterday and as I started getting more stressed because of time, I could feel myself getting more and more sucked away. After I came to terms with the fact that I wasn't gonna finish it, I decided to do the easy ones on the back, but I couldn't even remember how to do a simple factoring problem. My mind wasn't there at all. I was wondering how to fix this/bring my mind back when this happens? When it does come back after I get out of that situation, panic attacks come on because everything rushes at me at once. Any ways to bring my mind back to focus WHILE it happens, then not get flooded afterwards?
yesss! i love kati ahhh
Oh my goodness...:(
Can someone help me figure out whats wrong with me?? I have a constant state of feeling like I'm forgetting to do something (when I'm not), or that I should be doing something else. I'm often not content with anything I'm doing or feel uncomfortable with things i accomplish. Sometimes I feel better about it and other times it spikes, often after I go out to have fun or a major important event happens in my life. Can someone associate this with anything?
I have a few kinda medium-sized rather recent traumas, and my therapist did this emdr-esque thing with me when I was having like, constant derealization and flashbacks multiple times a day for weeks where we'd talk about it and then when I'd get too deep and start not to be there she'd stop me and we'd talk about something that gives me comfort in really vivid detail. It was incredibly helpful and my flashbacks basically stopped after that, even though the stimulus that was causing them got worse.
EMDR is so frigging strange. I did it and it worked but man, that was a weird experience.
Hi Dodie, do you think you would be able to keep the text on the screen for a little longer if possible? I never have time to read it all! 🙈 love your videos and thank you for posting stuff like this. I don't suffer from any mental health disorders, but I always find it so interesting hearing about it from a first hand experience!
I took Zoloft a few years ago and it made me way worse. I've tried a few other medications over the years that have really helped and made a huge difference, so I really hope you find a good fit for you! <3
I love you both ! Great video !
THANK YOU FOR THIS VIDEO
It''s so wonderful to hear anyone talking about derealization on such a big platform, thank you so much.
I just realized I must have something like this. Omg.
wow that was useful. whenever i had dissociation, i would call it dreamscape because everything felt floaty and dreamy but in a bad way.
I have derealization all the time as well and it is so comforting to know I'm not the only one thank you.
YAY KATI!!!! I can't believe you two collabed!!! This made me so happy when I saw this video in my sub box
Awwe I'm so proud of Dodie. She has learned to talk about mental health without over sharing.
I have derealization and depersonalization and it's really hard but your videos help me.
Really enjoyed watching this video. I don't have depersonalisation or anything but hearing kati talk about some of those things were so interesting and make me really want to study psychology. I went through and read to comments and so many people are saying they're struggling. I know this won't help or do anything but I'm so sorry you're having a hard time <3 I hope you get the help you need and I do believe that everything will turn out okay <3 xxx
This comforted me I haven't recover since something that happened 2 years ago and to bring my brain back too! ❤️ \nI get headaches and anxiety too! And I fiddle so much and fidgeting since recovering from my trauma but I also might have ADHD too and still have derealisation too but I'm not diagonised but I know I have been going through depersonalisation for 2 years
This song is like Mancunians' National Anthem
Noel and Liam are both brilliant, we've gotta appreciate them both as singers and songwriters.
people saying there are 'better' versions, or taking the opportunity to argue about which brother is the best, are really missing the point here.
OASIS would be the biggest Band in the World if Noel and Liam would get along again. These two fuckheads have no idea that they are only one handshake away to rule the world.
Dolly Parton
Dear deary me Noel was playing at a benefit gig for We are Manchester and some people are going on about fake tears ,Liam's version is better ,as you were blah blah blah ....you people need to give your self a shake and think about what this concert was for instead of all the snide comments you should be ashamed
No ones arsed if there's better version, this version means the most
Prefer it when he plays it properly. Sounds a bit poncey this version.
Why can't Noel and Liam work it out!!
Instantly I become 15yrs old again when I hear this 🙌🏻
I envy the people that can move on and Don't look back in anger. I can't! Some rat walked into our City venue and blew up men, women and even children. I can only look back in anger as I feel we did nothing about this issue once again. Not having a go, it's just how I feel. I personally would not have been able to walk through that foyet. It's too much a case that the blood has been swept away let's carry on. Carrying on is why this continues. If people stayed away from public venues for a while then yes the terrorist win but not for long as our Govt would act once it hit their pocket. For me, going to the Arena last night would have been disrespect. I am only speaking for me! ✌
More brainwashing, you should look back in anger as it will only get worse
Dylanified Noel is boring
Great Noel!
Thlip inthide the eye of your mind
let the man who wrote the fucking song sing it without the whole liam sings it better shit, and remember why he is singing it
BIBLICAL
To all you good people out there.................I do look back in anger & I don't want hug anybody.........Amen
He's not crying. Liam is right!
Come on Noel, you could have invited Liam here
Was there right at the front.It was a great evening and a little emotional at times......
I just don't get people who don't like Noel - I know he's not the politest person but he's so incredibly talented and people shouldn't judge his music through his personality.
Liams this year was better
Well done to all involved heartbreaking but Manchester is united
Wtf is Noels accent ?!
Imagine if somehow they did reunite Liam's and noels vocals would be amazing now
What about the lisp? Noel never had it before. So strange.
Who's this potato?
Appears to be playing a different guitar here than in his 'crying' photos - https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4432333/liam-gallagher-blasts-his-brother-noel-for-crying-during-we-are-manchester-gig-and-tells-fans-not-to-fall-for-his-pr-stunt/
So dead little girls are now the price we must pay for our 'tolerance'?
Manchester, what a fucking city.
All the scummy rag heads who shit where they stand will be laughing at this.Cunts
Please don't put your life in the hands of a rock'n'roll band...
I actually prefer the Coldplay version from the other Manchester charity concert for some reason
Noel a Genie Liam is an idiot on twitter
Yes dont get angry European people, just sit back and keeping taking all those terror attacks, because diversity and multiculturalism is our strength, right?
Ok! Great song! But now let's kill terrorists
Mr Manchester, all the way from London. Noel has been , a has been, sell out cunt for years.
Good Song.. But Masterplan is still No 1
Can we all just chill out and do some class A drugs like
Is that Gem playing with him?
There're both tribute for people who get in trouble; and you guys just talking about who better than who and this is 2017.. FUCK OFF YOU'RE MOTHERFUCKERS. YOU'RE FUCKING RETARD.
I loved Oasis until they expolitied terrorism and dead children. People will do ANYTHING for publicity!!!!
Noel seems to force a bit his voice. He in 2009 was perfect.
Anyone heard that the Manchester Arena has reopened after a bomber killed 22 innocent people?
Great track I like both brothers singing it 😁
Your little girl got her brains blew out by a psycho muslim terrorist and nothing was done about it, but don't look back in anger!
hazed is losing his own job
Why is all the audience Nazi saluting?
Noel can sing live very well
What a legend 💎love you Manchester
Why is this 18 on trending its got 450 like ffs
belive you and me he a wanker liam the lad.
Bonehead plays lead on this.noel sings it, an Liam sits down and fucks around for a bit. That's my memories. Top tune. Cum on lads,let's do it properly before we fade away away away away.
So many fuck heads commenting on this! The man sings his songs however he chooses, he wrote them and can do with em what he likes. Fake tears and poncey? He's the only one who's never been fake cos he's never needed to be and what's wrong with showing some emotion? Bore off and get back to your Leo Sayer LP's
About time he gave back to Manchester
Magistral, extraordinario, simplemente asombroso...
Blur > Oasis
Oasis are overrated.
DON'T LOOK BACK AT ARSEN WENGER
totally flat vocals,  manchester deserved better...
Amazing atmosphere
Absolutely awesome
so Sally can wait
Noel is a chump
Anthem 🙌
One love...x
Our kids getting blown up is something we SHOULD be angry about. These fucking hippy cucks do nothing but make it easier to kill them. Disgrace the lot of them.
Beautiful...Follow That Liam ignorant little rat.
👍click on.....sticknstan.com
Wonderful!
god
Amazing
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | exclusivewriter.co.uk/
Love this song.
Stop picking sides people!
Its all lovely man.looked a awesome night.respect noel.
Thanks for posting ❤️
Классно
Is that..Gem?
Just amazing Noely G x
💛
God bless Noel
As if singing songs is going to stop these muslims from killing. Britian is weak now and is just full of feminine men that wear tight clothing and have gayish haircuts  that are too scared to fight. Yeah lets forget the kids that were blown up and also the families that dont have a kid anymore. Mark my words the way corbyn,the Jews and the globalists are letting more muslims into europe there will be more attacks on our streets in the future. It wont stop until you stop muslims from coming in and tighten up the boarders.
Shit version of a good song, someone get Liam on
No pudieron dejar su puto orgullo ni para una buena causa :(
Liams version at the last benefit was much,  MUCH better.
Liams voice is embarrassing. Noels voice has improved year on year while his brother sounds like a karaoke singer
I love Noel but definitely crocodile tears
NOEL GALLACHER JUST BACK FROM HIS HOLIDAY, DECIDES TO GRACE US WITH HIS PRESENCE,..... HE WAS QUOTED AS SAYING, AND I QUOTE?!!??..., FUCK ME AND ME MISSUS HAD TOO LEAVE A PROPER HALF ,A DEL BOY,.....(MANC SLANG FOR BIG LOVELY COCKTAIL ) AT THE BAR ,BEFORE WE HOPPED ABOARD A PLANE TOO PUT ON SOME OF THE MOST FAKE TEARS YOU,VE EVER SEEN IN CONCERT,...TELLING YOU ,MAN AFTER THAT IGNORANT STINT, I,LL NEVER BUY ANOTHER HIGH FLYING BIRDS CD OR CONCERT TICKET AGAIN ,YOURS SINCERELY, ...NO CONCIOUS REQUIRED!
Well done Manchester folks. Don't let the bastards get u down. Lot's of love from some random scouser on the interwebs xxx
the whole Manchester thing is getting Abit old
Yayyyy, look where winning!!!, instead of jailing and deporting the 2000 Muslims on the uk watch terrorist list, shutting down mosques that are proved to be preaching hate speech, stopping the influx of Muslim rapefugees, let's just forget that young children, men and women died in this place and have another music concert. Is this what winning looks like? English people are some of the weakest snowflakes in the world. (Am British born and bred) and am ashamed.
Don't enter the comment section, it's full of uneducated Liam Gallagher wannabes and fake musicians slating the song, when they can't write any themselves. I love people but god damn there are some cunts in this world. All arguing about irrelevant shit whilst completely ignoring the fact this gig was held in memorial for innocent human beings, many of which were children, whom were killed in a brutal act of terror and violence. I was there Noel and you sounded amazing, the version you played was perfect for the occasion and the 15,000 voices singing in unison was a sight to behold. God bless our angels, they'll never be forgotten...
Liam absolutely failed on this song.
As ace as it was, Courteeners were better on the night.
This is unnecessarily trending. A different YouTuber can get that same amount of likes in the same amount of time and still not be in TrenDUNG.
Better singer than Liam ever was tbh
What a fine sight !! Noel playing to the people of Manchester - his HOME city. Welcomed back with open arms - and a LOT of love. Peace. Rx
so sweet r.i.p :( forever in our hearts people commintng about better versions no one cares its called respect so if dont like it dont comment prayers to familys :(
AHH NEW INTRO!!! Who else misses #schoolisha tho? haha Don't worry though cause I have SO MANY awesome videos planned for you guys! What videos do you want to see on my channel? Also, which Instagram trend was your fav??? xo -Alisha Marie 💖🎥
good intro i know how to skate to its so fun
am i the only boy who is watching alisha?!
Ahhh the intro \n\n\n\n\n\nOh and late squad where you at???
I love your video and kept doing
THIS INTRO IS GIVING ME LIFE
Big lips looks so good on her
100,000+ thumbs up just for doing the glitter on your tongue Alisha!!!! LOL You're the best!
Omg I love your new intro! 50's love! ❤️❤️❤️❤️ ILYSM!!!
Your editing is literally GOALS 😍
Can you please do a makeup collection?
There photoshopped if you thought all those brows where real 😂💕
The intro is incredible!!!!!!!!
U should do another video with asypn
can you make a testing life hack video pls
THAT INTRO IS KILLING IS ! I'VE BEEN OBSESSED WITH IT SINCE I SAW IT ON TWITTER GAAAH LOVELY 💙💞💙💞
That intro was lit. Like if you agree
alisha can u do your makeup collection, but I don't want u to be a little stressed to put back all of your makeup just because for what I requested, bretman is a filipino right?. Cause iam also...
lets just agree that alisha is the best at editing like ever I love u so much ur an inspiration to many!!!!!
O to the M to the G. That intro was BOMB!!!
I love the intro!!!!!
I can only imagine her intros for Halloween Christmas spring and summer😍😍🔥
Alisha you look like Miranda sings with the way lips on 👄💄
Where your blue top from?
Sorry, I couldnt take you seriously after the eyebrow and lips xD
today is wed make a vid already! !!!!😡
Omg LOVE YOU'RE NEW INTRO!😙😙💗💗👍
For weird food combos you should try strawberries dipped in sour cream rolled in brown sugar
I've low key prob watched the intro hundreds of times!! Why r u so goals. Someone please explain. Thx
THAT INTRO WAS EVERYTHING. THEY. HAVE. BEEN. ON. FLEEK. LATELY.
Omg Alisha hasn't revealed her game in U.K. 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭but I love you alishaaaa ❤️❤️
can you make another hack for school or pranks
I've been eating glitter before it was a trend
You have the 279 dollar roller skates that I really really want I wish I had them
The YouTube subtitles just stopped for me when you dryed your tounge XD
why did you go with a diner as your new intro?
Never even got to the video bc of that intro *I Did tho*
please please make more of these videos
Let's all admit it: Alisha makes wavy eyebrows work.
Lol Miranda sings. Just what I was thinking.
Love the new intro. You are the most creative person.
wavyyyy
That intro is lit🔥🔥🔥
best intro! so cute :)
Alisha 😭💕💕💕
Intro😍😍😍
That intro gives me life omgggg
Wavyyyy
Click bait alert
Omg that intro though 😍
I notified and subscribe and liked
New intro! Sooo cute
That intro though
THE INTRO 😭😭😭😍😍😍😍😍😍
omg this is lit
ZShe always has amazing intros
wavyyyy
Nice intro gurl!!!
WHY ARE YOUR INTROS SO COOL!!!!
Hey Alisha your such an amazing person ❤️❤️👌🏻👌🏻😘😘
😂😂😂😂😂
I want a the power of makeup video!!
I  ALSO HAVE A VIDEO IDEA :3..................... DIY ROOM DECOR :D HOPE YOU TAKE MY IDEA INTO MIND I LOVE YOU SOOOO MUUUUCH!!
she needs to make that diner come to life cuz i would fly out to america just to see it
Omgg😳 I just discovered your channel like two days ago and I loved it!! 🙌🏼\nI was like for 2️⃣years thinking of posting videos but I was always scared of people making fun of me... 😕And you just gived me that final push and I now started my own channel!!!💛 I'm not that good at it yet💄💅🏼, but I'm trying to get better, and I hope I'll one day upload inspiring videos 💕 and be a little succesful😍
Hello Alisha Marie you make good videos you are the best YouTuber😀😀😀
U KNOW THE DRILL....\n1.EYBROW TREND\n2.LIP TREND\n3. HIGHLIGHT TREND\n4.GLITTER TREND\n\nWHAT DID U GET?????
Omg I roller skate almost everyday!!! Where are your skates from? I love them 😍
I love your new intro❤️😍❤️
wow i love your videos!! i wish one day i will have videos as popular as yours! :) thank you for making me happy every day Alisha especially your awkward situations they are phenomenal
Lol if u went out with those
I agree with you with you for all of the insta trends.
Me watching the new intro: OMG I AM SHOOKETH
Hey Alisha! I love all of your videos! Your so beautiful❤️
Love the new intro skating is on point ☝️❣️
Omg Alisha I looooooooooove the new intro it is soooooo good omg i can't even
Because I love your channel
When she was doing the wavy lips she looked like Miranda sings
I HAVE BEEN BLESSED BY THAT NEW INTRO
Omg I love the into, you have worked so hard on that and it looks amazing, I would love to know where your Tshirt is from? ❤️
OML THAT INTRO THO MY DREAM LIFE
Omg intro!!!!😱😍😍😍
When she showed the ear highlight I thought of Bretman Rock
can't even explain that intro...😍❤️👌🔥
this new intro is EVERYTHING
I really want to eat at at alisha's diner
I would do the glitter tongue for a profile pic 😂
LOVE THE INTRO!! 😍😍
nffv
people photoshop wavy eyebrows
YOUR INTRO OMGGG😍😍
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah😂
This is the cutest intro evaaa💖
+ 😂😂
Litttt intro Alisha! 🔥🔥🔥
Ahhh, your intros are the best❤️❤️❤️
OMGGGGG I LOVE THIS NEW INTROOOO!!!!!...X
Wavyyyy
Wavyyyy
That Intro so cool 💕
Love this look on you boo!! Gorgeous as always!
Nuuuude
September is fall🍁
Love your videos, Casey!!!!!!!!!
UGH! SLAY VAMP QUEEN❤️
BABE YOUR SKIN LOOK FLAWLESS
Damn 😍
Please tell me how that VB Estée Lauder pencil liner wore!!!!!
That lip!
I love it
Ughhhhhhhh you give me lyfeeeeeeeee *snap snap*
Girl, yes. FLAWLESS. 💋😍🙌🏻🔥💃🏻
Congrats on hitting the Trending page!
Your face looks fake.
Gorgeous!  Love it!
A red/orange/burgundy look!! ❤️
😍 yass
reasons guys have trust issues
pleaase do a PR Unboxing!
Lips NO...😳
Yesssss!!!!!  Perfection!!!!
this is gorgeousssss
😍😍😍😍😍
You should do a wearable matte eyeshadow look Casey! 😍☺️
❤️🙌🏻👏🏻😍
Casey! you're Trending! yasqueen
Beautiful look babe
I allways laugh When you use your dual fiber brush, we need to call it your blending face 😁. Love this look!
I would love to see an all matte smokey eye and an all black smokey eye.
Casey you should do a whole face using physicians formula make up! They came out with butter highlighters. And I know they have the butter blushes too.
In sweden it is fall in september so I love these videos:DD
What self-tanner do you use?
Can you do a cream contour video !! Would love to see how you contoured with the studio skin foundation like you talked about !
Fall is my fave too for makeup, clothes, weather, everything. Love the look, especially the eyes :)
Will you do a review on the new found brand by Maybelline. I seen the brand the other day in Walmart! So it's drug store.
Casey i'm so sorry that your beautiful video was spammed with disgusting links... I had them reported. \nLove you! Stay beautiful!
You should try lash magnetics!!! They're magnetic fake eyelashes
Stop this YouTube channel please it so bad 🦑🦑
omg a fall decor vlog 😍😍 i can't be the only one that's obsessed with home decor and i loveeee seeing other decor videos... ESPECIALLY fall ones 😍😍😍
Hi Casey! Ive been subscribed for a while now and you have become one of my top YT's to watch, i love your personality and how genuine you are ! Keep it girl 🤗😉😚
Maybe you could just use a putty knife?  you really think you look good at the end of the video? NOT. Too bad for you that they closed down the biggest circus around, their goes your future!!!
Can you do a video on the technique you used to cream contour with the Smashbox foundation?
I LOVE THIS LOOK!!!
Have you done Fenty Beauty?  Please a review of those products.  Thanks for this video.
I love love love your fall makeup looks! Fall is my favorite! I would love if you did a fall look with the Kylie Burgundy palette. I just got it and want to try new fall looks with it!
Girl you look bad with make-up But with out it you look beautiful.
I'm loving this eye look!! What do u think is a good drug store switch for eye shadow pallete?
Casey! Have your tried The Balm Schwing Liquid eyeliner? I am in love with it! It has a felt tip, but is firm enough to give good control and dries down matte which I know you love! <3 You gotta try it!
did no one see the mountain of product come off of here brush when she did her highlight
Casey, are you going to try the Fenty Beauty line? I can't wait to see you do it!! Especially the foundation!
The lip color made it look like your teeth would glow in the dark :)
Casey can you block these sex channels that are commenting? Remember there are young girls watching your channel. :(
GURL. Do me a favor. Please do an in depth bridal tutorial cause honey this SC humidity has got me worrying for my wedding next month 😣😭
Honestly, now that you've moved the mic so it doesn't pick up with clicking noise of the camera focusing... I kinda miss the clicks 😂😂
I have just discovered your videos and I love them! Have you ever tried limelight by Alcone foundation?? So many people trying it on my Facebook feed.....but they're some just trying to sell it....so I was just curious!
i love it when u said that you're either full glam or bare faced, i'm like that too lmao
Please continue to do videos like this! All of the beauty gurus are so focused on posting videos of reviews on products that they don't even make tutorials anymore and it's discouraging to those of us who want to learn how to create certain looks or recreate them out of inspiration from you guys. You're by far my favorite YouTuber so I'd love to see more!
Can you tell us if the eyeliner you used in your water line did bleed?
Im 11, i dont do my makeup, and im not into beauty videos but the makeup looked cute in the thumbnail 😌
You have to be my favorite to watch 😘😍
You should your favorite perfumes and not so favorites!!!
I love the eyebrows lately. I think using pencils makes them look much more natural
I hate when I can't skip the ad, especially when it's 3 mins(!!!) long. How can I avoid this torture???
Its 99 degrees out but I'm about to go rock a dark lip because Casey is :-D
Bring on the fall looks girl! Love love love
@caseyholmes did u know nyx is in walgreens!? And/or your local drug store
Absolutely love this look and YOU LOOKED 10 YEARS YOUNGER with your hair down!!!!❤️❤️
you look so good
Talking to Davis about your little diy fix cracked me up. I know that face, I've made it many times lol. When they see something you've fixed haha. I just love you even though I shop after each one of your videos 😶
yeiiiii!!!! loooove love how the look turn out!... im a fall makeup person sooooo this makes me happy
You look very pretty with this look 😍,if any body here speaks Spanish stop by my channel 👏🏼👋🏼😊❤️💋
Can you please please please do a copper brunt orange look with a nude lip please
The duo fibre brush always making an appearance😂
PLEASE DO A SELF TAN ROUTINE
Can't wait for the all matte smokey eye!!!
The heck is a duty free store?
Casey please try jabon zote in white for your oily skin, this will hel you so much please , please, please try it you can buy it at amazon you will save so much money on skin care, you can even use it to wash your make up brushes.
Gorgeous! Can you do a Fenty Beauty video?
Was not ready for fall, but then saw your thumbnail and Ughhhhh so ready to dive right into the pumpkin spice abyss lol!!
I love 💄 it looks great on you Love your video
You should do a video on how to use darker foundations to contour! :)
I want a burnt orange monochromatic makeup look girl!
OMG so beautiful Casey!! How did that eyeliner do? Did it run on you? It looked so so promising and I am curious!! 🤔🤗🤗🤗
I was doing my natural makeup for work then saw this video and now my look is fall😍😂
As a guy this much makeup is a huge turn off. Just look at her shoulders and then her face she looks off. This is the type of girl you give a hug at a party and then look down at your new shirt ruined and caked in makeup. \nNatural beauty over fake any day. \nJust my opinion as a 22 year old.
I loooooove this look on you!! 😍😍😍
Can you please do an every day business makeup tutorial?
Love your videos so much! The eye look and those lips omg stunning!!!!
aww,your face when told your bf about the glitter glue,lol so adorable <3
I just saw the Flower brand in Walmart yesterday! 💁🏼😄
can't wait for fall 😍😍 totally going to dig into this makeup look 💗
your lips look like they deflated a little bit and it looks really natural and flattering to the proportions of your face 😍
Yours and Davis' conversations make me smile 😁
Ugh I love everything about this 😍😍😍😍
I love this look!! You are so talented Casey, I love watching your videos :)
Please review fenty foundation on your skin!!!
You know you love make up when you have make up pants...I love it so much girl!!
Autumn officially begins on September 21st and this was posted on September 12th. Autumn is here people need to just accept it already. Where I live the leafs have already changed colors and/or fallen. Also it's the best time of the year! I think you Autumn haters are all crazy lmao
YESSS! I've been dying for the dark lips and fall makeup looks! It's my favorite time of year ! You're my fav
Yaay, fall makeup! 😍 It's so cold here that I already forgot about summer!
Did a good job didn't you 😘
Your audio is still really low
I adore your style in your flat. So many people do all neutral, which while pretty, is not me. I love that you infuse color, textures, unique art pieces into your space-imaginative, personal, creative, and warm!! Perfect!!
That Astro little combo is so freaking cute!
that smeg coffee maker is cuter than me
Astro + Rocket = <3
Really like the style you are putting together for your home. Love the missoni blanket, but if you want a more affordable one that you aren't scared to use the The Tartan Blanket Co in Edinburgh is great. Beautiful woollen blankets at a great price. I have a multi coloured one on my bed. 👌🏻
your videos can never be too long. The more Victoria, the better 🤗
That fireplace is so beautiful!!!! 😍
Vic, everything is so pretty! I cannot wait to see more. xxx
Looove homeware hauls! I am such an interior fanatic haha :) The prints are stunning and love your personal touches with the spaceship and all :))
Your make up in this video is gorgeous 😍
Absolutely love the watercolor plates and bowls!
LOVE THESE VIDEOS!!😍😍😍🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
👍👍👍❤
That book title that's behind your head 😂😂😂😂😂
Hi! Beauty! Do vlog about your books! What Kind of books do you have? From? ❤️ your flat is so clean and it looks like fresh also
Amazing 😉
Love this home haul👍👍👍💋
AMAZING PIECES! <3
Love every piece
Astro❤
Absolutely love how you've decorated your new flat! I don't think there was one thing in this haul I didn't loove lol
Love how colourful and bold you've been with decorating your new place Victoria, and really bringing both yours and Alex's personality through in everything you've bought! Love love love all the gorgeous pieces. Beautiful as always, thanks for sharing, xxx❤💛💙💚💜😙
Love your style!!!!!
some very nice stuff you got there :)
Love it!
Your videos make me happy 😊 can't wait to see the house tour x
Your homeware haul is amazing! ❤️❤️ Xx
Those watercolor plates are BEAUTIFUL!
Iloveyou 😘
So cute!
I love it how the background book is saying f you just next to your beautiful, cheery face :'D hilarious!
Great stuff but the real question is whaaaat is on your lips?? 😍  So pretty!
Everything looks so so nice the way you have set it all up
I would love to see a video talking about your favorite fashion books! I am a personal stylist and am always looking for more info/inspiration from books and other sources!
The Behaga line from IKEA is very similar to your new table wear... probably not as nice though. Anyway justa heads up if someone is interested 😊
Bloody love your new place!!
You're always such a ray of sunshine!! 🌞 Congratulations on moving!! The place looks gorg, you guys did great. 💖
perfect timing as i also tried to redecorate my flat i already have enough inspiration where to look and what there is on the market 😍
Victoria belle i see u always at my tv but cannot give likes there. You are amaizing thanks for yr cool lov.videos👉👏💖👌chic😇 xo
looks amaaazing! we have also just moved -  so i love the home vlogs! was wondering, did the flat come with hooks/holes to hang pictures?
Vic, I truly love how you remained authentic and true to your own aesthetic by including quirky pieces that don't just fit into to the typical blogger home decor style! Those atypical pieces are the ones I'm favoring.
Omg that fireplace is to die! 😍😍 love the old charm
some really cute stuff. Already checked them through your blog...to bad they're mainly UK based. #Canadian
Your makeup on this video is on point! You are glowing😍
Your homeware and the aesthetic are goals. The plates and bowls are my favorite thing ever, because I love kitchenware above everything else. Luckily and unluckily for me, I moved and really had to narrow down everything, so I'm not looking to buy anything else right now (emphasis on the right now). Also, the couch! I can't wait to see the couch!
£374 for a throw makes me wana cry a little
Absolutely love the artwork! What size did you get the japan print in? was thinking about getting some for my uni room
What is that lip color? love!
can't wait for the flat tour i love everything you've bought and the colour schemes! ❤️
Love this love your style vic 😍
Love all the items😍
I can only  imagine how happy I would be to live in such a beautiful apartment as yours !❤️❤️ Absolutely stunning 😍
Just moved into a new house so this is perfect timing 😊🙌🏼
Your flat is my ultimate homeware inspo! The first thing that drew me to your channel years ago was your love of bright colour (I am also an avid lover of turquoise) and in a sea of bloggers going for monochromatic everything with a 60% black you are such a breath of fresh air! My boyfriend and I are also moving this week and I'm pretty sure he's gonna love that steampunk lamp!
Oh my goooodness! Amazing bits, I loved it. Spending my evening daydreaming looking at graduate schemes and flats in London now so I can shop homeware haha!💞💞
You look so beautiful..I love the home library behind you..makes the house look warm and comfortable 👍🏽
Where did you get your beautiful pink velour chair, love love love that chair, I need one in my life. Love your videos x 😊
I say that's the best when i see that video caption in my sub box! Victoria making homeware haul, yaaas 😍
babe! you need to do a tutorial on this makeup look!!!! soooo glowy! amazing! what foundation, highlight and lip is it!? xx
Victoria. I love yours (and Alex's) taste in furniture and homewear! Your new flat is looking amazing. Interior goals right there aha
LOVE the lighting and background setup
Thanks the video so helpful.  lOVE U
Love your style, so glad you love your new flat. Seems like more of a home! X
I can't wait to move into my own place and be able to decorate 💁🏼
You look beautiful and happy in your new home!!!🌷🎀💕Love your videos!
You've got a lot going for you babe✨✨✨
Everything you have chosen is just perfect for you and  Alex in your new flat. Great style.
I really love all the things in this haul! I think you have a great taste and it's really similar to my style. I just bought a flat and I really want to start decorating it but I'm going to rent it out first so I can't do it yet 😩 I really want to see a flat tour!
in love with all the pieces !!! looking forward to see the fourniture too xx
I want to move and decorate now!!! 😀😀😀😀 I love your new place 😍😍😍
OBSESSED with the dinnerware !!
Loove this video 😍
Had to pause the video to say how much I love the Art Deco tiles around the fireplace!
You should design a collection of home wear! I got two cats who destroy nice things in my place but I'll buy ur collection in a heartbeat.
You have such an amazing homeware taste! Thank you so much for recording this. My bank account isn't so thankful though.
You're such a pleasure to listen to!
i love your new flat and how you are decorating it!! btw, don't put your parfums on the window, it's not good! :) x
Subscribedddd xx Your makeup looks so glowy and i luv ur lipstick xx What lipstick is it? :)
Definitely just added the Edison bulb light to my list of Christmas ideas for my boyfriend. He would LOVE that!
Don't keep your perfumes in front of the window.. they'll lose their intensity
Loving the 'F*CK Y*U' book in the background 😂
I love how it says F*CK Y*U in the background LOL
Love it. Also the naughty book behind you made me laugh 😂
im so obsessed with this new set up. its like the perfect combination of colorful and clean. its so lovely to look at while you talk! haha (also love the little f*ck Y*u easter egg in the background! hahaha)
Your new flat is lovely! Do you think you'll stay in London long term? X
Super cute stuff ! I moved in March and all I got so far are canvases for the walls and some plants .  Hahaha ! I'm not lazy, I just don't have the eye or the skill for decorating.  Wish i did !
You can buy fake versions of those flowers from Home sense if you have it near you
Loved this haul! So relaxed and enjoyable to watch ✨ aha yes and I also bought that mirror after seeing suzie get it, such a beautiful style and the size works perfectly for our big lounge 😍
For prints  you should try desenio!!! X
Snap 🙋🏼 I'm just about to edit a homeware haul xxx
Hi Victoria !!! Congratulations for meeting (x2) VB in NYC :-) I love the rocket and the astronaut thing ! Fun fact, I wanted to be an astronaut when I was younger lol I was wondering if you will do a roomtour or appartment tour ? xxx from Paris :)
You did a very good job!! I loved it all!!
Hi Victoria! I'd love to see you do a video on your coffee table book collection. I couldn't help but notice them behind you! I'd love to hear which are your favourites and worth investing in since they tend to be quite expensive. \n\nAnyways, as always thank you for the great QUALITY content you give us on all your platforms ♡ \n\nLots of love \nxoxo
That astronaut has to be the coolest piece of homeware I've ever seen!
Love all the pops of color and the personality in everything you have bought. Looks like such a warm home!
your new background is so cute!!
Love all of these pieces😍\nAlso what foundation do you have on? You're skin looks amazing!
First video and I love you, just subscribed ❤️
BEFORE I GET A MILLION COMMENTS ABOUT IT, YES I KNOW THE FOUNDATION DOESN'T MATCH! It looked really great in the beginning but obviously oxidized to be WAYYYY to dark by the end of the video. In front of all of my studio lights I couldn't tell but it's very obvious on camera. I love the foundation but will definitely be picking up a lighter shade!
lmao sister gerline what just link a dark skinned reviewer, there are literally tons
You look a bit scary in your thumbnail. Not to be mean though!
I don't see anything wrong with this review. It seems honest. People are trippin🤔
I want the primer and the foundation 💫
James literally goes out of his way to do things that a lot of people wouldn't do, he's a human being and has an opinion just like you do. Honestly just don't watch if you're annoyed by his talking, or the fact that his foundation didn't match, or whatever else you don't seem to like. No one asked for your negativity. Thanks.
You're shade 260?? I feel like that's too dark
You and Naz Kavari have the same hoodie !
youre supposed to use the sponge dry for more full coverage and wet for a lighter coverage of foundation. also the Fenty brushes work very well with the foundation, the sticks and the highlighters.
Is way to dark sister you should use a lighter shade 😜
It really nice of him to find the darkest girl in there and get her help to show the comparison on her skin. He did it to show the difference why is it all neagative. Just going to say thank you for the review James and will defiantly use some advice especially on the lighter shades because I realised they do deoxidise ! But thank you, can't wait for your next video x
Idk why you wet the sponge when the foundation is water based and got upset with the results lol !!!
Very considerate for you to spend your own money on the dark shade just to show us the range....that was nice if you 😊
i like that he talks fast, i cant stand when youtubers talk slow.
I wanted to blend your forehead contour so much XD And kept staring at it the whole entire video XD
is he on speed?????
James you're so cute
you did and said everything right dont worry i am black and i am not offended by anything you said
Omg I was hoping you saw tati when you said you got up at 6. I love Tati
Can you make a silent video? No offense but it's  too much talking!!!! Learn from the beauty Gurus.
Imagine if he talked in a normal pace. This video would be like 3 hours
You look so good in yellow!!!
...can you just go back to not making videos....
Did anyone pick up he mentioned the matchstick twice in a row
The woman I talked to at Sephora told me it oxidizes
how is the highlighter too dark for you?
just came to say fuck you
THE GOLD HIGHLIGHT IS EVERYTHING, I WANT TO COVER MY WHOLE BODY WITH IT 😂😂😂😂😂
I've never seen your videos before but I clicked because you looked so orange in your thumbnail. I don't think the foundation was that dark, maybe only one or two shades. the contour, however, did you no justice at all. Overall good look though, I really want to try things from the line
sister you slay!! like that highlight made you glow girl like GLOW!!! and that gold highlight would look good for like a party or with some yellow hoodie! also i have a highlight to recommend, like i have light but dark skin, I'm a nude shade so i use this highlight by Catrice cosmetics, the number 020 and it's called Champagne Campaign, so take a crack at that and you should do an all highlight video.
James is just a girl in a boy's body.\n\nI don't date feminine guys but I would love to be his bff.😊
Lol, it s a little bit darker than her skin tone?
I wish he could talk more slow because It hard to understand english super fast
I didn't catch any shade in this video at all, James was sunny as fuk, step aside you all blocking the lite, tripping on ur own shadows. Lol
ummmmmmmmm why doesn't he have a car?
I don't think that the problem was oxidization, from the beginning it was too orange/dark for your skin tone. I didn't interpret the video as you hating on the Fenty B. line. The cream contour you can tell did not work well for you
Pls do a tutorial for that eye makeup!!
please please pleaseee do a review on the Peaches and Cream line by Too Faced!
Where are all the hate comments? I only see people saying quit hating James lol
You are so flawless!! You are my inspiration sister 😛
Woah did you see his neck where you could really see how it oxidized?!
If you want to actually understand what he's saying watch on .75 speed
Watch it in 0.75 speed, thank me later
I don't know if this is a bad thing but whenever James wears these blue contacts he looks so much like Kris Jenner. I think it's just the heavy eye makeup, short dark hair, and then the blue eyes.
Okay so was 17:26 - 17:33 supposed to be cut out 😂😂😂😂
Girrrrrrllll!!! Breath and slow down!! Can't understand lmaoooo
its way too unfair that he is hot without make up and with😭😭🤤🤤❤️❤️
The gag is you need to use ALOT and it will make her more wealthy as you need to purchase a large amount .
This boy better get away from my queens products smh complaining how he didn't get invited to the launch party hmmm I wonder why 😒
all i can say is SMOOTH
If I was Rihanna I wouldn't invite you too 😊
This line is too luxurious for you white ass
How hard did you screamed at a pillow after not being invited to the release party? Youre getting irrelevant
Why the fuck is his forehead bright orange
Everything about this brand makes me want to throw all my makeup away and replace it with Fenty. <3
He actually can't do makeup
You are much more relatable without the contacts....
he is so a n n o y i n g omg
yall gotta tell me im not the only one who thinks he looks like dua lipa?
JAMES YOUR FOREHEAD IS ORANGE
Dude speaks like he's on speed.
Am I the only thinking he's stealing Ideas from other YouTubers are that somewhat big? Like Bunny and Manny? 😂😂
I liked his video lol even though he was talking fast
if you don't like his review or reviews then just don't watch it, james is james, his reviews are his, his colors he chooses are his, suck it
What contact brand are you wearing?
There is NO WAY you used 10-15 squirts of foundation...
BITCH I THOUGHT YOU WAS QUITTING 😂😂😂🙄🖕🏼
His sister - FUCKING SHUT THE FÛCK\n UP
Sis collect yourself! Priscilla Ono herself said that the foundation doesn't oxidize. U lookin like a Trump minion, u went way too far outchyo range
If James wants to talk fast, let him talk. If he accidentally has a darker shade don't accuse him of doing  black face HE IS A NORMAL HUMAN BEING. If someone came up to you and told you how to live, judged you on all your insecurities, accused you of doing something wrong you wouldn't enjoy it. James loves making videos and puts so much effort into them and when he gets so much hate to the point where he wants to quit doing something he loves is freaking ridiculous. The world is filled with SO much hate and judgment. Life is hard and you're not going to succeed until you accept the fact that nobody is perfect. A word that somehow got lost throughout the years is RESPECT. If you have the time to comment a rude comment on someone's post and you're judging them that hard then you aren't living life to its full potential. I'm tired of childish people like all of you who are just to blind to see that the only way we can all make the world better is to be accepting and loving. Apparently, most of you didn't go to kindergarten or you would know  If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all
why do you talk with your eyes closed
You could've used a lot less foundation if you had used a brush instead of the beauty blender. You also probably would've been able to blend out the contour easier with a brush instead of the beauty blender.
490 is such a rich, beautiful colour omg 😍😍
Guys stop hating on him, what did he ever do to you? There are other ways to criticize someone without deliberately trying to hurt  them. ITS MAKEUP. just because the foundation didn't match doesn't mean it's the end of the world.
OMG I didn't know that he had that many freckles on his face❗️🤔😱
I watched a video that says james charles exposed nd dont watch if u love james charles aaaand this is why ppl hate james charles ik noone cares what i think about but after watching them i kimda hate u Not like HATE but dislike u
You talk soo fast. Slooww down!
Fuck the haters you poppin✨✨✨✨
https://youtu.be/hQ5NBd1NDgQ
*Let me just move my Cartier bracelet* \nHAHAHAHA. Girl..
frickin lookin like annoying orange and actin like him too
U left me shooketh James :O
Even orange AF you look gorgeous.
This looks *tongue pop* RULLY GUD
Jesus. Talk slower. Take a breathe
he talks so fast
Rihanna should be reviewing you .
his face finna match his hoodie😂
Thank You!
Oompa loompa doompety doo!
I hate uuuuu
Ew
The fotehead tho
AMAZING
YOUR EARS HGYSDUNJFK
Your whole makeup looks ridiculous...
More orange than your jumper
Gorgeous eyes 💕
Omg i kinda freaked when i saw Tati 😂💓
shade 260........ sis😖
Class and Respect Thank you Sir!
This is the Best speech I have ever hears from Mike Pence. I hope he runs for President in 2024. If I'm alive, Mike has my vote.
What an amazing speech!  What amazing people on flight 93 that day!  They saved so many lives by being brave, and courageous.  I love Vice President Mike Pence.  He shows our country, and all Americans honor, and love for our country.  I'm glad he was spared that day.  Who knows maybe after 2 terms of President Donald J. Trump, he might become our next president.  I sure do hope so!  Thank God for all of the hero's that day on 9/11.  They made all Americans proud to be Americans.  Thank you, Vice President Mike Pence!
WHAT A GREAT MAN OF GOD MIKE PENCE IS...WHAT A MOVING TRIBUTE FROM A MAN WHO LOVES THE LORD
Pence 2024!!
Thank You Mr Vice President!!!!!!!!!! You are the best Vice President Ever. I'm thankful for you and President Trump. God Bless you both and God Bless America
Very moving speech from this administration-finally. Good man. Those aboard Had The Right Stuff. God Bless Them All.
I love the VP.
God Bless!
They prayed the Lord's prayer .. HALLELUJAH !!!
Beautiful speech by a genuine man. Tears are in my eyes. God, I love this country.
What a great VP - I love this guy !  he is honorable and respected by so many !\nPowerful message for our nation !  Thank you VP Pence !
Best speech ever by our amazing Vice President Mike Pence!!
As a Pennsylvania resident I have visited the sacred ground at Shanksville several times on the anniversary of 9/11. My last visit was with my father six years ago. I think I will always regret that I wasn't there again today to have had the privilege to have personally experienced such a heartfelt speech... so beautifully delivered. Thank you Mr Vice President!
He will be President one day!
Innocent blood cries to Almighty God Yahweh, and He always answers. We will defeat the camouflaged evil no matter which name is applied.
Wonder speech by our Vice President!!
One of the most riveting and heartfelt speeches I've ever herd.  Thank you God for such a great man on earth to lead us.
Thank you sir
I love this guy.
Almighty God knew the future of this country and His plans for you  (Jeremiah 29:11)  that you would become this countries 45th    Vice President of the United States even 16 years into the future the Lord has and will continue to protect you and your family (Psalms 91)Thank God you are our Vice President Mike Pence!!!\nREPLY
Beautiful speech.
God saved the life of Mike Pence 16 years ago because He was preparing him for the Vice Presidency.
Wow! Previous administration didn't seem to care about 911 victims. MAGA
I admire such a great man! I too hope he has a chance at Presidency some day
Trump/Pence 2020  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Beautiful
Great, heartfelt speech
THANKYOU VP Pence. My dad and granddad came from Pennsylvania. Bless you for sharing the heartfelt tribute to the brave men and women who sacrificed to save people in Washington DC.
dislike = islam = teroris
He sure is more eloquent than the Pres!
If he is so great,why does he not DEMAND a NEW INVESTIGATION? He is a puppet just like the rest of them...
He spoke that speech from the bottom of his heart. Beautiful said. I can't stop crying.
I challenge  all of you, dare you to access this link and see what the truth is: https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pence+is+a+Pedophile and this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LakXx6A72g   This whistle blower is now dead, another hero destroyed:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl3Q2vKiOzE  The is shyt it real, it could happened to you or I and it is a bi-partisan evil, Evidence pence is a pedophile and possible child murderer and flint knows it and has a list. pence latest: a striver for an academy award,  apparently...  > : (   pure evil
At 6:28 , whose the disrespectful person looking at his phone?
He was shook up on that day, September 11, 2001.  We all were.  \nWe remember\nHe remembers\nWe all remember.\nMay they all rest in peace. \nAnd may we all live in peace.  \nAnd may America Bless God, again!
BINARY OPTIONS TRADING AND FOREX!!! Are you interested!?its very possible for you to be getting $9,100 weekly .. Register with the best trading company and stand a chance of winning and been traded by professionals traders and that will manage your account with the profitable system that is 98% sure winning with the minimum start up of $300 ..\n$300 earns $3,150 weekly \n$400 earns $4,250 weekly\n$500 earns $5,450 weekly\n$600 earns $7,250 weekly\n$700 earns $9,100 weekly ...\nContact the binarian via melvinbarry18@gmail.com for more info...
Pence, the biggest lying hypocrite of our times. This man is a wolf in sheep's clothing. The two of them are the biggest con artists we will ever see.... wake up you idiots who drank the kool-aid.....
A very moving and heartfelt recollection of our American Heroes. God Bless America and thank you for your Patriotism those that stand with us in this beautiful Land of the free and home of the Brave.
where was the plane, just a hole in the ground.
That is one of the greatest speeches I've ever heard in my life. Very moving.
with respect , sir, yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil for thou art with me is from the 23rd Psalm, not the Lord's Prayer.   Great speech otherwise. May we never forget or discredit the events of  9/11.
This is leadership unlike the terrorist lover Obama and his evil team. America we must not allow the Demoncrats to have the keys to this nation again, if we do this country will be ran by terrorist supporters, look who now march with the Demoncrats groups Muslim terroist using racist against Americans to force us to back up and allow them to take control. The demons on the left has many things in common with the terrorist. Hate for America and it's values.
i love Mike Pence, he should be our President today!
MIKE PENCE IS A SATAN WORSHIPPING FAGGOT PEDOPHILE. MIKE PENCE YOU WILL BURN.
What a beautiful tribute from Vice President Pence. God bless him and God bless President Donald Trump.
Pence is such a stately and stoic historical figure. Should something unforeseen and bad happen to Trump (God forbid), he might be an awesome President for America. He is the quiet yet strong support behind Trump Americans don't always appreciate enough. Blessings to a great country, prayers to the families of all 9/11 heroes.
Same bullshit brought to you by the next set of liars, If you think 911 was done by 19 Muslim High Jackers\nYou still believe you live on a Pear Shaped Oblate Spheroid Spinning in Space as your leading astrophysicist \nNeil Disgraced Tyson describes it. 911 was done by the same evil group that defends this 500 year deception \nJudaism & Freemasonry. #Globexit.  Peace on the Plane to all Sentient Beings coming to your neighborhood soon
this whole phone call story is BS. Never happened. No plane, no crash.  The supposed phone call was still going on after the plane supposedly crashed. The timeline of the calls is the proof of this story being untrue. I think Pence just does not know.
Lies. more LIES, more and more LIES,  still more stinking LIES and DECEPTION, then more and more stinking and rotting LIES, then more fake emotion to spew more fetid LIES.  WHAT A DISGRACE!!!!
Pence is just unbelievable when he speaks, he has no presence or character, just like Trump.  If he is so upset about all those who died in 9/11 perhaps he should seek out the truth about exactly what really occurred that day and bring those involved to face justice.  No plane hit the Pentagon and nothing but explosives brought down the other Tower at ground zero (Building 6  I believe), evidence of thermite in the rubble and pouring out the towers before collapse.  Its all a big conspiracy to justify global war for those who would benefit from it.  Justice will never be found for this until there is a President who firmly believes in bringing everyone to account regardless of whom they may be, Rich or Famous.   Until then, every year will result in this nonsense.  The only thing it does is provide a time for reflection for those who were lost, these are the innocent pawns in the USA elite agenda.
what a liar -  no airplane crashed at  Shanksville, pa   0n 9/11/2001  -  the coroner who was  called to the scene that\nday said he found no  body parts,no blood,  no  airplane parts  -  just scrap metal that had been dumped into the hole that was\nalready  in the ground before 9/11/2001 -  because no airplane had crashed at that site  (later this coroner was threatened\nand initimidated into  silence)  -  the US   government is still lying to American citizens  about what happened on 9/11 - it\nwas an inside job by the US  government who murdered 3000 innocent Americans --  and the  families of the victims\nhave no answers and no justice.
WOW THE LYING CREEP PENCE CAN READ A TELEPROMPTER, HE  IS A MINDLESS DRONE, THE PERFECT PUPPET FOR THE CONSERVATIVES
Good speech. One small thing - though I walk through the shadow of death is Psalms 22, not the Lord's prayer. God bless the heros of flight 93 and their families.
Bless them all why to go vies president pence
yes I agree  he is good but still I wonder if we will ever be able to know the through about what happened   many still doubt .Bush was lying, ,I just don't know  god bless all who lost the lives and the families whos lost the loved once
Pence is a tool and 9-11 was an inside job. The dude is a liar and somebody's bitch.
let them go let them go thats what they did..and you didnt care!  http://edition.cnn.com/2001/US/09/23/inv.investigation.terrorism/    A knowledgeable source said two small knives were found on a Delta flight that was supposed to depart Boston, and a box cutter was found on an Atlanta-to-Brussels Delta flight. These planes didn't take off since all flights were grounded after the hijackings. The tools were found when the planes were searched.\n\nInvestigators say they aren't sure whether the tools found were intended for some sort of innocent use or whether their owners may have had malicious intent. But they say the two planes' passenger manifests have been checked. And investigators increasingly believe that the weapons may have been prepositioned by accomplices for use by others. As one U.S. official told Time magazine, These look like inside jobs.    Following their deportation, both men were charged in India with passport violations.[9] According to the Times of India, the men were accused of obtaining fake passports from a corrupt passport agent, and Khan's true name was Gul Mohammed Shah, and Azmath had listed his age as 50 rather than 30. The Times reported that Azmath's wife, Tasleem Murad, had told them that he was not the first person to misstate his age to obtain a visa and He did not have any evil intentions and he has paid for it already.[10] An additional issue was that Azmath's wife, being Pakistani, did not have Indian citizenship.[9]\nThe 2002 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting[11] was awarded to a September 29 article in the Washington Post by Dan Eggen and Bob Woodward, which mentioned the detention of Khan and Azmath and reported that an anonymous source said that Both men had flight training.[12]\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detention_of_Ayub_Ali_Khan_and_Mohammed_Jaweed_Azmath
His speech truly from the Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck0sF5wnH4Q\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32qB7On8ngM\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdlEcFfYZ2\nJesse Ventura claims gov’t involved in 9/11   Mar. 8, 2010 at 1:36 PM TODAY books\nIn his new book, “American Conspiracies: Lies, Lies, and More Dirty Lies That the Government Tells Us,” former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura begins an investigative journey to prove that there is more to our national history than the government wants us to know. In this excerpt, he writes about an alleged 9/11 cover-up.Chapter 12: What really happened on September 11?The incident: On September 11, 2001, four airplanes were hijacked on American soil and crashed into the Twin Towers, the Pentagon, and a field in Pennsylvania.  official word: The 19 hijackers were all fanatic Muslim terrorists linked to al-Qaeda and its ringleader, Osama bin Laden. My take: Our government engaged in a massive cover-up of what really happened, including its own ties to the hijackers. Unanswered questions remain about how the towers were brought down, and whether a plane really struck the Pentagon. The Bush Administration either knew about the plan and allowed it to proceed, or they had a hand in it themselves.I was in my third year as Minnesota’s governor on September 11, 2001. After the devastation of the Pentagon being hit and the Twin Towers falling, I put the National Guard on alert and secured some of our public buildings. The following Sunday morning, we were the first state to hold a memorial for the nearly 3,000 victims. More than 40,000 people showed up on the front lawn of the State Capitol, while a steady rain fell. I’ll never forget Native American shamans beating drums alongside honor guards who represented the police and firefighters and military. It still chokes me up to think about it. Looking out on hundreds of flags fluttering in the breeze, I remember saying at the end of two hours: “We will promote good against evil. And finally, we will together restore our sense of freedom by conquering this enemy!”I never wanted to believe anything different than what our government told us about that tragic day. But here is what John Farmer, a Senior Counsel for the 9/11 Commission who drafted the original report, has to say in a new book: “At some level of the government, at some point in time ... there was an agreement not to tell the truth about what happened.”What more do we need? Are we willing to live with another lie to go with the Warren Report, the Iran-Contra cover-up, and many other “official” stories?
A beautiful homage to our heroes by a beautiful man.
What a great speech for true heroes god bless them and their families
CANADIANS STAND UNITED WITH AMERICA. ....
BULLSHIT, There were no planes on 9/11, more fake news!
I was a 911 baby, joined the Marines that December and spent 13 weeks on a Paris Island. What brought down WTCbuilding 7? Was it TNT? Was it all a lie, is Trump going to get to the bottom of this?
Bless the people that lost someone that day..  The masterminds behind this terrible act of domestic terrorism need to be brought to justice, the Saudi guys were just scapegoats to take the blame..
this is a great speech by Mike Pence about Flight 93 ... now as go back and visit what happened that day, I have one question.... where's the plane?
Wow!  It was a very awesome, loving tribute to the fallen men and women (and even an unborn baby) who were on the flight that was headed to destroy the Capitol.  It moved my heart very deeply with renewed grief of what happened on that fateful day.  God bless you, VP Pence!
Working and listen to the radio on my earphones.That was the worse day.I was in shock and so was everybody I seen.RIP.😢#Heros#GodBlessAmerica#Alwaysremember#PittsburghPA.
What about the plane that hit building #7?
Nice speech but evidence strongly suggests that the flight 93 story as told to the American people is a myth, but hey it plays to the official narrative.  VP Pence seems to say all the  things  Americans love to hear, but I don't trust him, and wont, until and unless he gets real with us about who was really behind  9-11.   I'm no lover of Islam but 19 Muslim terrorists with box cutters did not do 9-11.  Interestingly the vice president refers to the LORD's prayer but quotes the 23rd Psalm.  Perhaps not the Bible scholar he's reported to be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_N-ktM9rGFY
use dont honor nobody use murdering bastards . 9/11 inside job...wankers
All I can say is thank you for this moment.
Thank you for posting this video. \n\nThe speech was moving.
Yes we are in a war of good and evil and it has to be won in the heavenlies 1st
Kid Rock for senate 2018, kidrockforsenate.com
FLIGHT 93. LET'S ROLL....
beautiful speech President Pence!!!!!!!!!!!!
PENCE FOR PREZ!!! NO DOUBT
I personally do not like trump or pence however this speech is truly inspiring and amazing
I have been to Shanksville right after it happened, during construction and after. It's enormous. It's very beautiful, and again, just massive. After time passed, you cannot see where it happened, so there is a giant boulder to represent the area. A beautiful wooden gate on the pathway. It's very surreal. There is a loooong road to get in, one would think you were in a highway, lost. The tower of voices sounds amazing!! It will one of the most incredible monuments once finished. Feds took thousands of acres for it. Pence gave a beautiful, respectful, strong, patriotic and sincere speech. 9/11 still feels like yesterday, and I believe it always will. Thank you Mr. Pence.
Got to love this man. Thank you Vice President Pence. TRUMP PENCE 2020 2024 2028 2032 USA USA USA
wake up dear american fellows, he is lying and sure he knows it. the usa system destroys us all.
I wish he was President instead of Trump.
Israel and US agents wired WTC with thermite/explosives.  Planes were allowed to hit those buildings and then those explosives were detonated.\n\nA cruise missile bit the Pentagon.  The missile was shrouded as a small version of a passenger plane.  This plane was remotely flown into the Pentagon.  This explains why the debris field didn't exist at the Pentagon.  Also the reason why the damage to the Pentagon was so small compared to the WTC. Even though the same type of plane supposedly hit the 3 buildings.  \n\nFlight 93 was shot down by military aircraft. \n\nWTC 7 was wired to be brought down.  7 held tons of info on this plan (money, who's involved, etc.)  All evidence was in 7.
When will all citizens realize we live in the most free country in the world why don't we cherish and be humbled by the millions that died knowing it to the point of dying fighting for it.\nWake up before it is to late. PLEASE
i will sell you some snake oil if you believe that lying son of a b nothing but a liar. I hope he go and sat his lying ass down somewhere, yes they were heroes not you.
Pence is a political hack, God help us from politicians like him.
9/11 was an inside job
Mike Pence is such an honorable man.  Wow.  He brought me to tears with is speech.   PRAISE GOD HE IS OUR VP!!!
Pissy Pants Pence crying crocodile tears repeating the tired old lies he calls a triumph of freedom to begin the neo-con endless wars that accomplish nothing good only murder and endless bloodshed, what good has come from any of these wars only death, destruction, destroyed nations, long lines of crazed killers invading the West. Pissy Pants sounds like he's just loving his boo hoo hoo propaganda crap for the idiocracy idiots in America hooray hooray more wars, more death, power to the corporate globalists death to me, and my family destruction to all I hold dear.
9-11 was an inside job and people of all walks are waking up to these lies!!!!! Will pray for all the innocent lives killed for greed and corruption!!!!!!     We are in new times, let's not forget  the government's deep states evil ways, but support our President and Vice President and hope they make better and more honest decisions to protect their own people!!!!!!
This is a good, kind and humble man; a true leader and demanding of respect.  This speech moved me deeply. Thank you Mr. Vice President.
R U a shill Rshill7?
A plane crashed in Shanksville? Can we see? Donald Rumsfeld said it himself, a plane was shot down. America, WAKE UP
Can you handle the truth? \nGoogle: America: Freedom to Fascism ( Note where Rockefeller says, On 9/11, there is going to be an event.)\nGoogle: Ex CIA Agent Risks All to Expose the Deep State - Kevin Shipp
Never forget 911 ; On 911 Israel Killed 3000 Americans
Great speech, still doesn't change my opinion about them.
But i heard there where no planes , and what about building 7 ? No one is talking about building 777777777777777777777?????
make a fenty trophy wife macaron or cake!!!!
Divas getting money, if you ain't getting money then you ain't got nothing fo' me YAAAS
69th like. 😂 LOVE YOU NICK BUT I LOVE YOUR MACARONS MORE.\n\nCause I'm a pig :(
I LOOOVE YOOOOUR CHANNEL!! Im obsessed! Can you do unicorn cupcakes With ears and horns? With lots of colors and sparkle.\n<3
Can you make a gold cake 🎂 or somthing pleaseeeee
Love the color gold😍😍😍 4:10 satisfying😍😂😂😂\nEdit: 4:57 Satisfying😂😂😂
Im living for the Beyoncé themes
I love the gold on the macarons. Very creative
i love it!! its me as a macaron! lolz haha i love your work as always nick!! ❤❤❤😍😍😍😍😍
Omg I didn't know I was a macaron ! Thanks for showing me off as a dessert lol \n#golddiva \n#me\nLove it thoughhhhh
Oh those are so perfect and so sexy!!!! 😆😍😲✔💯💛💛💛 your attempting to every detail is just outstanding Nick.
Beautiful! 👏👏❤️
*fabulous.*
Where do you get your gold luster dust? Love you videos btw :)
Could you make something vanilla I'm allergic to chocolate so I just want to see some alternative cupcake or macaroons
Can you make a pumpkin spice macaron or cake please🙏🙏
The things you make always look so beautiful!! Almost too pretty to eat ;o
These look incredible!!
I half your recipe and follow it but still I get domed cracked shells. Isnt 180 too hot?
you're so amazingly talented!!!! congratulations on your beautiful channel, great content and awesome recipes
LOVVVEEE THEM! 😍 What brand luster do you use?  I've tried a few and none are as striking as yours... Thanks! 😘
I LOVE ANYTHING GOLD AND THESE ARE BEAUTIFUL
I want to lick the bowl !😂
I read the thermometer as 900 degrees C and I was like what THE HELL ARE YOU MAKING
Hey Nick I like your macaron videos! Do you use aged eggs for the meringue?
I'm just wondering what is the specific reason we make a hole or well in the dry ingredients and then pour the liquids in the middle?
Who else thinks of something else when nick says Add some DABS of merengue mixture?
So this is on trending but h3h3 we one the lawsuit isnt
Who thought of Austin Powers Gold Member??? Lmao because same 🙋🏽
Its so cute how you painted all the outsides of each one by hand xD i'd assumed you had sprayed them. That's dedication!
The scran line, you inspire me alot. Im currently in college getting my associates degree in baking and pastry and i just wanted to say i love what you do and youre amazing.
Beautiful!
Gold Diva lol
Wow delicious recipes ñam ñamm yummy 👍👍👍👍
I really hope you meet Beyonce one day
^0^
Sooooooooo preeeeeeetty! <3
What kind of cream do you use ?
I wish I could play in your sandbox!  Gorgeous Nick!
Wow they are so gold and look amazing! I really need to give my cupcakes a break and try macaroons :D
Hey nick what do you have to do with your extra batter if it doesn't all fit on the bakingtray. Do you have to put it in the fridge or just leave it out?
My god.....you are an amazing artist, pastry chef and overall creative genius! I love your creations. They are so inspiring! Thanks for that!
Cracker Jack is popcorn coated in caramel and at the bottom of the bag there's a bunch of delicious candied peanuts
Hi bro,have being following ur chanel for long and asmire ur qork..just a quick question.how do bake macaron in a gas oven.cos my oven is gas and need to be fire lit  like the gas oven in uk.am struggling and any advice u can give me plz.
if you aint gettin money then you aint got nothin for me yes GOD loving the beyonce inspired stuff!!!
OMG that looks so good!!❤ Gonna make it myself soon 😂❤
Looks divine and awesome as always! ><
Very cool!
Omg 48 on trending! Congrats!
you're on trending!!! (#48 currently)
49 ON TRENDING WHATTTTT CONGRATS
Do an all pink nicki minaj pink print cupcake!!
Make a checkerboard cake
I remember that song ^^
Divas gettin money 😂😂 they are beautiful as always Nick.
Please make more giant cakes!
Gorgeous. ❤❤❤❤
Yes.
Love it!!!
Classy AF
wow.. gold!
Do Pumpkin Spice Latte cupcakes if you havent already
💛💛💛💛💛
Gorgeous as ever. Wow. 😍😍
love it
160 like
Love it
Wahoo Beyoncé! ❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️
B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L!!!!!!!😍
They look pretty damn good.
hello
Yessssssss 😍😍😍😍
Masallah😍😍😍😍
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
FIRSTTTT, I love your work Nick😁
el color es para no comerlo
this is so beautiful!!!!
I just got another idea, Nick. How about a Prince themed cupcake? Purple and gold.
SO PRETTY! 😍😍😍😍
Hey nick 2 question really quick where did you get your gray cake stand and also I was wondering if you could do a cracker jack themed cupcake, cake, or macaron.
Giveaway who's with me
Perfect timing, I've been looking for a gold theme dessert to make for a childhood cancer awareness event! Great channel too!
Why do you put food color on the macaron if you re going to paint them??🤔
Aren't these macaroons and macarons are those coconut treats?
...oh god please let them be poisonous...
OMG Why does he ONLY have 300,000 subs?! I think he should have 10,000,000 subs!
Beyoncé inspired recipes are always the best! 🙌🏽 This looks amazing, perfect video to wake up to today. 👏🏽
Looks amaaaazing! <3
that's not how you do french macaron
Please tell me you used an airbrush for the rest of the macarons and that you didn't hand paint each individual one 😵
How about a banoffee macaron? Great video Nick!
im vegan and i left every non-plant based item out. it tasted awesome! thanks
My son is 2 and loves watching your videos. He hates when i turn it off.
11k views and on trending page ok then
Did you say 118° or 180° for the simple syrup?
Why is this on trending
Why don't you have millions of subscribers mmmm why... Ur so amazing!!!
such hard work...your hands are an art. Great job
Checking your channel becomes my Tuesday night routine before bed. Lol
How can anyone 'dislike' Zoe's tutorials ?? Jealous gits..
Another amazing cake Zoe 😀😀
oh my sooo cute xxx
Sending love from MexicoCity!🤘🏼🇲🇽
Hi, Zoe. Your van cake looks beautiful, just like you, and your accent is über adorable. I am still waiting for your Aurora (Pink Gown) doll cake. Who's your favorite Disney Princess? Have a good day, Zoe.
Cuánto detalle!!\nHaces q parezca muy sencillo de hacer😍😍
You have such a gorgeous artist's touch to everything you do. THANK YOU
q hermoso y laborioso trabajo, felicidades eres fantastica
That's so cute, and you make it look like a breeze!  Awesome!
Its too cute to eat 😂
Wow!!
Oh my days this is the cutest cake I think I've ever seen 😊 it's absolutely gorgeous,you are so talented it's unbelievable,I really want to have a one to one lesson with you Zoe. I'm only about 5 miles away from you. Do you have a website I can go to? Thanks in advance. Bravo 👏🏻 love ❤️ it.
Zoe.. that cake is absolutely gorgeous! I love the details. Did you roll the window colours to blend or paint them? Xx
Love it
awesome
Amazing
That really is something else! I'm amazed at how you make it look so easy ❤️❤️❤️ excellent work!
What am excellent cake, I love your tutorials as you're so down to earth and explain things really well.
I Love Your Videos Zoe !!! Make Cake AVENGERS, I am from Brazil ♡
So talented! You make it look so easy 😊🎂xx
Hahah not skipping ad because I actually like you!
I love all your work, you are amazing 😍😍😍
Nice video
Job well done
You blow my mind missus! Wow!! Just Wow!!!
Hey Zoe! always looks perfect ♡ Thank you for sharing! Adorable ♡
Amazing.  X
You are amazing 😘
Awesomee!!!
👏👏👏👏👏👏
Sei la più brava di tutte !!! 😙
How long did this cake take to decorate?
Make Cake AVENGERS !!!
0:50 actual response time of most widowmaker players.
5:45 top tier roll catches. That person got gud.
girls that don't get it, might think that sunbro is a skirt peeper
but why didnt you *PRAISE THE SUN*
Great and funny video like always
Too bad I wasn't there with my Gascoigne outfit. Though I wouldn't be able to clash swords with you as my saw cleaver is made of foam board. Might wanna take it easy on the hitting random people with the sword. Might be asking for trouble these days. At least make sure they acknowledge you are there before swatting. Just for your sake.
this satire never gets old
Theres only one person that can with stand sunbros god dodgeing skills and thats harley quinn 5:42
0:28 I need to go there.
you must've been so dizzy by the end of the day, huh
SOOO annoyed at the amount of weebs who didn't understand what was going on, filthy anime cucks all of em!
I saw a gif of this and I knew it had to be you, D-Piddy.
I see u at 2:19 with that bts shirt. much love
I love the Yoko walking by during the Nonon fight, just laughing and laughing. Clearly, she knew what was going on from the beginning.\n\n...the poor Madara(I think?) cosplayer you clipped in the crotch, though. ;-; R.I.P.
my question is where onionbro at???? #solaireislife
This guy is a now a legend
I was just waiting for  him to get dizzy from all that rolling and run into a wall
Thank you for making my shitty day brighter! Praise the sun!
This guy's got so many iFrames, no one wants to fuck with him......... except for maybe LAUTREC!! \n\n*wink wink, nudge nud- have him invade Solaire in the next video -dge*
Dear god, I'm rolling on the floor more than he is.
If I had the talent, I would have dueled him as a Yahrnam Hunter.
You are a fucking treasure, praise it!
r/gaming is farming this whole video for karma
If only I could be so grossly incandescent...
This was so funny.
I can confirm that this is accurate
I F O N L Y I C O U L D B E S O G R O S S L Y I N C A N D E S C E N T
Sir you win the internet for the next month.
Tough foe ahead therefore Praise the sun!
Ryuko pls. That's not how a scissor blade works
you should try getting 1 extra hit in
Obviously going for a Darkwraith playthrough with that many NPC kills
*F A T R O L L I N G*
looks like he actually hurt someone at 5:30
Who's the fake Saber at 4:20?
This is the best thing Ive seen all year! Maybe in my life.
At 2:09 That was BTS hyyh t-shirt I'm freakin shook Love your videos but I can't help but mention this
i love all the people that are afraid for their life. 10/10
If nobody gets the joke then its not a joke. sry.
He poked that Rey in the butt and got away with it.\nNeat
I would like to see more sunbro
im only 2 minutes in. fucking hell this is amazing.
Imagine if piddy was cosplaying as choji. That would have been hilarious
Life goals: Get fit as fuck\nCosplay with a dark souls outfit at a convention \nRoll around like this
This is the best dark souls cosplay ever, I'm crying
it seems most of these guys didn't play dark soul before...\nlook at their face with weird facial expression.
Makes me sad that none of these people get it
And he wasn't hit at even once
Like, two people got the joke. haha\n\nAnd they were cosplaying anime stuff. None of the gamers got the reference!
fatrollin like there's no tomorrow :D
Now...just do the dark souls roll train ;)
Dark Souls in a nutshell. XD
This is my new favorite video
Okay, let's rundown:\n0:15 - That Rey must be playing an Int build since she's wielding a Moonlight Greatsword. Too bad she appears to be a keyboard turner.\n0:28 - Solaire picking on a Deprived. Bad form.\n0:38 - Only reason that guy survived all those hits is his Mask of the Mother giving him 10% extra HP.\n0:50 - Obvious fat-rolls. Either Solaire is just being ballsy by reducing his invincibility frames, or he bought an item from a stall prior and it's stuffed up his weight ratio.\n1:28 - Solaire summoned in but the group is AFK. Promptly uses Black Separation Crystal to leave.\n1:50 - Silly Solaire. You cannot hurt someone whilst they're resting at a bonfire. What do you think this is, Dark Souls 2?\n2:02 - No damage taken by Solaire's hits? Dirty 'Cheat Engine' users.\n2:21 - I'm guessing Solaire is farming that Man-Serpent Summoner for its Medicant's Staff? Obviously doesn't get it as we never see Solaire with the Sunlight Shield.\n2:35 - Solaire vs. red invader dual-wielding Avelyns.\n2:48 - Solaire breaks his weapon on phase-2 Darklurker. Feels bad man.\n2:56 - Solaire vs. Aldrich, Devourer of Gods.\n3:04 - Picking on 2 harmless undead? WTF Solaire!\n3:14 - Fighting Marvellous Chester is a bad idea, but I understand. We all love that helm for Fashion Souls.\n3:49 - Solaire vs. Elana, Squalid Queen.\n4:05 - Solaire attempts to turn Sailor Moon towards the Sun's grace, but then stabs the filthy Darkmoon.\n4:16 - Solaire learn to fear the Frostbite build.\n4:30 - Using a Greatbow in a close-range fight? Bad idea.\n4:46 - Another invader dual-wielding Avelyns. They're everywhere!\n4:59 - Stop hitting people resting at bonfires, Solaire!\n5:09 - 3 vs. 1. Solaire spell-cancels for a sneaky hit. Lands a devastating blow on Hashirama at 5:30. Absolutely devastating.\n5:38 - Epic PvP battle between Solaire and a Chaos Blade wielder. Close match, but Chaos Blade wielder forfeits due to too much health drained from her own weapon (20HP each hit adds up quickly).\n6:24 - Praise the Sun!
I watched this for longer than is healthy... and longer than I actually played Dark Souls.
I seriously want to be his friend oh my god
Now I understand how iframe works. Iframes depict the number of frames in which the opponent is too confused to harm the dodge-roller!
After dealing with the aftermath of hurricane Irma, I needed a laugh. This was the cure. Thanks for making my day better!
Why are you all so fucking casul?!
You should've killed Izuna, I was waiting for it so badly! It was really obvious joke.
3:38 didn't even go for the backstab\n\ncmon solaire
does anyone get pussy at these events?
Wow, Many Doge Roll, Much Stamina, Infinite i-frame! Please post the status build !
The amount of people who seemed  to not get it saddens me
You're on the famous japanese game sites.\nThat's why I'm here.\nsorry my english is really bad
Only Dark souls bros and sisters will know, I think a lot of the people were confused by the random attacks and rolls
Roll spam and rolling r1 spam
MY SUN
Solaire with fatroll and estoc wt a casul
Sunbro never fails
so much stamina... awesome dude
4:45 the roll catches lmao
DS3 in a nutshell
Local K***ht Invades Unsuspecting Convention.
Lmao, the reverse somersault at 4:26 tho!
Try rolling
sunbro!
OMEGALUL
Pretty funny but you have to be a bit more self-aware about rolling on the ground when there are several women with dresses on. As a guy I found that to be a bit too much. Yes you did it to a ton of different people but its clear that the women were uncomfortable when you started rolling on the floor and some of them specifically pushed their skirts down. Keep it funny but make sure you arent coming across as creepy.
That butt poke at 0:09
Dark souls 4 gameplay
Praise the Sun
Golden...
PRAISE
fantastic.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Grandmaster of Dodge skill!
Fromsoft pls nerf
Praise the Sun!
Magical
PRAISE THE SUN!!!!!!
*rolls around the vid*
Грамотный подкат.
\[T]/
Eat it nerds! - Solaire
nice to see rwby cosplays in cosplay conventions nowadays :D
Now imagine two Sunbro's fighting eachother
Average dark souls player.
\[T]/
This was entertaining to watch 😂
When you accesentaly slip up just to see that thick brittish mama on the prompter
Why is he yellow?
Why was he freaking out?
He looks like he is from the simpsons
Jonathan Pie in real life
I thought he was going to morph into a Lizard when he licked his lips
Probably thinking what most people in the uk are thinking by now, enough of the endless chin wagging and hand wringing and distracting finger pointing, ffs just effing sh** or get off the bloody pot already.
That's a fair and legit reaction. We need news people like this. Real people's, not puppets of propaganda.
You can just tell he is sick of this shit
Nobody wants to hear brexit news anymore, especially the people reporting it want to hear it anymore
Good to know they're sick of the same shit too🙄
0:12 when the toilet is always in use.
Many feel the same way about Brexit, mate. Give him a promotion.
I can feel his pain
he be looking like he's been through an obstructed jaundice
Why do they look lile there from the Simpsons?
Hes the same colour of that creep from Sin City
He was frustrated because he slipped up on saying pulling, not because of his view on Brexit...
His face is yellow...
Their faces are happy Sunshine's though !
The only thing I'm seeing is some fucking umpa lumpa on the news
You look like a simpson, bro
I think we're all sick of brexit at this point
That moment when you say the word Neymar to barca fans.
Any1 else is from EU?
I was watching this with my family....we died laughing
This time on the Simpson...
Anyone realise it's 00:12
I think he just spilt his tea...
0:21\n...as soon as we've sorted out the issues.\n\nAt the rate the BrExit negotiations are going at the moment, they'l get back to Jon in a few decades.
Looks like Kent brockman lost his job at Springfield channel 6 news
He just got the word wrong
Can we just leave already? I wasn't in favour of Brexit, but it's happening, I respect that and I can't do a thing to stop it. I'm sick and tired of hearing about it day in day out. We should have been out the door by now, not in two years!
Cannot blame him a single bit
why is he so yellow???
who gives a fuck about fucking brexit
They look like their characters from the Simpsons
I'm guess he forgot he was live for a second or two. I'm sick of hearing it, let alone having to read it day in, day out. I'll be glad for the day when Brexit is finally done and there's something a bit more positive to report on.
What we are all thinking
Hey guys please show some support to a small YouTuber ❤ We would love you to subscribe if you like the content ❤👍
Those brexit involve sending all the muslims home by any chance
God won’t help you pal
We're all sick hearing about it so they must be sick talking about it who knew
Who gives a fuck anymore honstly ffs let us get on with our lives
I feel sorry for him. Poor chap.
Well, he could have said a lot worse!
President Trump and Brexit are the champions of Democracy - we should all be grateful. The Reporter messed-up the script thats all, its quite common - nothing to do with his stance on Brexit.\np.s. Down with Marxist ideologists and those that promote it - esp. those in our Educational System.
That's how we all feel mate.
I'd loose my mind if I had to make the mindless propaganda on Sky for that murderous Murdock. \nProstitutes - the lot of them.
I just can't stop watching the moment he looks back up and smiles lmao
Yo is this guy out if the simpsons
feel the same way about donald trump brexit north korea its all fucking force feed to us
I don't blame him. It's Brexit talk every other day on the news. Been going on for over a year now, I usually fast forward it or mute it if it's live nowadays because it's just a fucking joke
They all look yellow pissed on the job
They're meant to report the news impartially.
How the fuck is this trending with only 100k views
The Simpsons have really really got modern with their special effects, this is a masterpiece they really captured the skin tone
The more you look, the more yellow they get 😂😂
Did he steal Donald Trump's foundation
that is what i call  stress over stress  i thought he was going to faint.
It must be a tough job to be a newsreader and to be reading the same old shit everyday to millions of people. I feel for that man.
*i can't believe they aren't butter!*
Brexit was a good thing... No more immigrants coming to England
where did you find the essex filter
Did they ever go back to him?
this how i feel every time the remoaners go off on another THE WORLD IS ENDING! spiel :P
Seems like he actually had a nervous breakdown on tv. Poor guy.
ชาติหมาแฮ็กข้อมูลโทรศัพท์ของฉันถึงได้ออกมาเขียนข้อความฝาก13fuck off Ludacris ชาติหมาที่ม่ทำร้ายนี้ไม่จบไม่สิ้นคนไทยไม่เคยทำอะไรให้มึงมาเป็นแมลงดาหาแดงขโมยจีเมลอีเมลแฮ็กในโทรศัพท์นี้เล่นช่วยด้วย คนสันดานหมาเป็นถึงดาราเมืองนอกสันดานแจ้แจ้งความไว้ก็ไม่ผิดสำหรับฉันชาติหมา13 ฝากสื่อสารด่าไป คนมันเหี้ยfucking idoit to do that wiht my phone me what the fuck Ludacris
The simpsonssss
Curry sauce
GAWD god god god
Silly Mrs may
Kent Brockman ?!!??
Triggered
Saaaame.
Just a clone malfunctioning with jaundice
He looks like trump
😂😂😂😂
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaoltSZT4gnnIBaYEVDLzuw
This clone malfunctioned.
Hhahahaha classic.....Brexit brexit brexit brexitbrexititexit brex....Fuck....Off!
Sacked unfortunately, unlike Kay Burley.
fired
Lowkey looks like Trump
https://youtu.be/vJSnCRae_pE
There goes a deceiver malfunction!!
fuck Britain
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | exclusivewriter.co.uk/
good man
BreFucksit
luks like a fukin simpson
He looks like trump 😂❤️
Fuck all those MSM shills
K 👌 mych dunk lel.
Every British person
Liver problems?
No wonder sick hearing about brexit!
What?
Can we leave already? How long does it take? If we ignore article 50 and start trading with other nations, no one is going to stop us. It's not like they'll start a war if we decide to get on with it...
well who can blame him really, I voted for brexit and was quite a passionate supporter of it but im now sick of it all as well, the cynic in me says though that maybe that's wat the politicians wat, we all know the vast majority of them are against brexit so if they can keep up the circus long enough everyone will just get sick of it all and write it off as a joke then they can do a watered down brexit or not bother at all
lmao who does expected such video came out
I don't know why this is a thing but give me more of it.
Ack!  Curl your fingers when you are chopping ... last thing you need is a missing digit bro!
I'm crying like when I play overwatch RIP
If you cook this your aim will increase by 69%.
No offense, but the recipe could use some tweaking.  You should add 1/4 cup of bread crumbs to the meat mix and sear it first so it has a good crust and develops flavor. Then bake it.
I use the same salt as you does this mean I'm good as you in ow
Looking forward to more videos, Teach these Gamers how to cook :)
i wanna see reactions from when the rest of the team eat it
I'm from Sweden and I take offends to this way of cooking meatballs.\n\nKappa.
I love Taimou and I love NV this is so great
Those captions tho \n\nSeriously though top notch work NV can't wait for episode 2
Why the fuck did I watch this? XD
He cook, he eat, but most of all he dont retreat.
PMA is giving this man so much success. InFiNiTe KnOwLeDgE
I swear i love the team envy channel😂❤
If you tear up from onions then that means your knife isnt sharp enough
wow taimou is so talented\nnot only is he #1 mercy NA he's also #1 chef NA
Hello, I just have some recommedations for your team's games, have you ever played Critical Ops before, if you have, all credits goes to me, i'am happy to give you guys my discord if you want to get in- touch, EvanDreemuur7598 #1012
Someone get that house a good kitchen knife, that thing looks dull AF.
Forgot to say on my other comment - I LOVE THIS KIND OF VIDEO. Please do more :-)
When you have good aim but they force you to make Meatballs. FeelsBadMan
Just had my mom over from Finland and we made meatballs too! :D Except I can't eat onions but the recipe was pretty much the same. Just slap it all in there and hope for the best - success.
Don't forgot,PMA make you become the better chef.
My favorite team is Lunatic Hai, but you guys are my second for sure. I love the fact that you guys do videos like this, the house tour, and the birthday video, it's just nice to see the guys doing things outside of overwatch, keep it up!
Is that a pro cook?
WHY DO I WATCH THIS? ? ?
Great  content! The scream at end make me smile, great attitude and seems like a chill dude. #mcm
next time make the other teammates try pls!
Timo make a small slice through the outer layer of the onion and it all peels off at once
Tbh this channel should just turn into a reality show, showing the daily lives of the team members.
WHERE IS THE LAMB SAUCE?!
Taimou the GOAT  of everything !
I want to see any of the CS squad making baguettes
The way he saws the onion with the knife was cringy. Just slice through it, Taimou. :)
I got stoned last night and dreamt you made me these Timo.
I love how EnvyUs does these non-gaming videos to let us get to know the players even more! Can we get Mickie to cook some Pad Thai next lol?
How did Taimou knows that burned heavy cream taste like ass?Maybe he has ate someone ass before.
keep those fingertips curled back. Don't overwork the meat either or it makes it tough
That's the coolest thing I've ever seen
2:36 i guess you can say he's beating the meat\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI guess I'll see my way out then.
Music needs to be down to at least half volume.....otherwise, funny watch.
Things like this are the reason this team is my favorite.
Gordon Ramsey's onion cut technique
When taimou wants to do angry meatballs he slams the meat to the bowl
that knife positioning is wrong thumb should be behind your hand, to reduce the chance of cutting yourself.
I ask to soon the secret rogue crepes recipe and he answer me to ask to taimou
His so much better then me in cooking...
We need the next episode!!\nThis is awesome xD
I N F I N I T E     K N O W L E D G E
will this food get me to top 500?
envyus has cuisine from all over world.
Why the hell is he using a towel? Lmao
looks fire bro
I wanna Taimou Cooking Show!
That's one real finn😂😂👌 \nIf he wouldn't be a gamer he would be a cook
i like this, pls more
Episode 2: RpK Tank Recipe
He can aim like a god in ow but can't put pepper in a fkn bowl lmao
PMA Cooking
yyyeeeeeaaah boooooi
Incoming Zen skin with Taimou's meatballs.
no aspie taimou? boring.
Tasty balls. lol
Good guy Taimou
i got a heart attack just watching him make that sauce
Chef Taimou 😍😍 also fuck those meatballs look good.
=]
those are some big ass meatballs
ALBÓNDIGAS
next ep chef mickie plsssss
Mickie สู้เค้าลูก เอาผัดกระเพราไปสู้
6:03 I thought taimou had good reflexes
love it boi
How IKEA meatballs are made
Mr. Good Meatball
1:48
fkn love tiamou
I apologize early\n(Finnish: pyydän anteeksi etukäteen...)\n\n\nBut...\nWHERES THE LAMB SAUCE?!?!🗯️🗯️💣💣💥💥
What the fuck
Taimou is a legend
Moooooooore
You >>>>> Gordon RAMSY :-)
Looks good as hell!!
taimou ball rofl
Thighmou really exploring that meatball Kappa
mr good aim making good meatballs :)
polpetteeeeeeee
Love u team evny
Timo keittää osa 1
mickkie cook thai food style plzzz xD
KappaPride
PMA SQUAD
PMA balls PogChamp
Mickie with Thai food next ?
Mickie cooks Thai food next please
yeah lets go! hell yeah!!!
Episode 2 : Mickie Pad Thai
Needs more salt
Taimou is my DADDY
MOOOOOSIEBEAR!!!! he's so excited that he got to be the star of this video (clearly LOL) follow him on insta!! @moosetheminibully and go tell him that he should still love me even if i put him into a rainbow onesie HAHAH
Cooooooote!
1:12 edit:Jesus it's so kawaii
Kid
you forgot Blue! :p
I love 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
nice camera man XD
K
Sorry
You  are funny 😄
#moosybear
Make puppy diys please
i am getting bear bear
Herro herro!   I found a game that concludes BEAR BEARS it is called Sumikko gurashi OMG PLZZZZ SEEE DIIIIISSSSSSSS MOOSEIE WILL, LOVE IT BAIIII
Lauren should have merch
When are you starting halLaurween costumes
PART 2!!!!! DO PART 2!!!! WUV YOU MOOSIE BEAR!!!
Cute 😍
Download kik
so cute
buy a puppy pool
He has a MOOSE-tasche
Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I NEED MOREEEE
Moosetheminibully!!
☺😊😀😁😂😃😄😅😆😇😈😉😯😐😑😕😠😬😡😢😴😮😣😤😥😦😧😨😩😰😟😱😲😳😵😶😷😞😒😍😛😜😝😋😗😙😘😚😎😭😌😖😔😪😏😓😫🙋🙌🙍🙅🙆🙇🙎🙏😺😼😸😹😻😽😿😾🙀🙈🙉🙊💩👶👦👧👨👩👴👵💏💑👪👫👬👭👤👥👮👷💁💂👯👰👸🎅👼👱👲👳💃💆💇💅👻👹👺👽👾👿💀💪👀👃👣👄👅💋❤💙💚💛💜💓💔💕💖💗💘💝💞💟👍👎👌✊✌✋👊☝👆👌✊✌✋👊☝👆👇👈👉👋👏👐🔰💄👞👟👑👒🎩🎓👓⌚👔👕👖👗👘👙👠👡👢👚👜💼🎒👝👛💰💳💵💴💶💷💸💱🔫🔪💣💉💊🚬🔔🔕🚪🔬🔭🔮🔦🔋🔌📜📗📘📙📚📔📒📑📓📕📖📰📛🎃🎄🎀🎁🎂🎈🎆🎇🎉🎊🎍🎋📱📲📟☎📞📠📦✉📨📩📪📫📭📬📮📤📥📯📢📣📡💬💭✒✏📝📏📐📍📌📎✂💺💻💽💾💿📆📅📇📋📁📂📃📄📊📈📉⛺🎡🎢🎠🎪🎨🎬🎥📷📹🎦🎭🎫🎮🎲🎰🃏🎴🀄🎯📺📻📀📼🎧🎤🎵🎶🎼🎻🎹🎷🎺🎸〽🐕🐶🐩🐈🐱🐀🐁🐭🐹🐢🐇🐰🐓🐔🐣🐤🐥🐦🐏🐑🐐🐺🐃🐂🐄🐮🐴🐗🐖🐷🐽🐸🐍🐼🐧🐘🐨🐒🐵🐆🐯🐻🐫🐪🐊🐳🐋🐟🐠🐡🐙🐚🐬🐌🐛🐜🐝🐞🐲🐉🐾🍸🍺🍻🍷
Your shirt <3
4:40 Laurens DJ dance with squeaky moustach 😂😂
Do a part 2!!!❤️
Suffer, hooman hahaha
What happened to SUNDIY?
Hi
:)
Hi!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Moose
Everybody loves baby d
Hahaha Moose is so annoyed 😂 if I did this with my dog he would eat everything.
Your dog os funny and cute
Who else saw Lauren's setup on Alex's channel??
dogs can't have any bread because it doesn't digest in there stomach so they could die from eating bread just for your information but they have peanut butter and vanilla ice cream.
Umm. When I was little I had one of those weasel ball things. Where my parents giving me dog toys???
Is it a bull terrier
PLZ DO A VIDEO WHERE MOOSIE AND KONG (Logan Paul's Dog) MEET!!!
What time of dog is Moose.
The best guest speaker ever!!
This video is way to cute I am literally dying 🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶 #moosiebear4life
He looks like a girl
Omg with was soooo cute btw I love ❤️your channel ❤️👌🐶🐶🐶❤️❤️
and... Chester, from the dog park
Cool
Moose bear and Alex both have stinky farts😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I have that raccoon ball
Hey I'm going to try to go to your house 🏡💍💄🇺🇸❤️😂🦄🐛🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
Moose in the rain boots made me buy them for my dog so yeah!
There are sushi bear bears on Amazon!!!
I saw you in a fanta commercial
I would like to marry Fousy
I watch this in the middle of the night.... my parents thought the screening was from a buggerler. It was me screaming of laughter
Plz look up MadnessGaming AkaKj!!! He is my friend and I want him to get alot of subsrcibers!!!!!!!
U make me I love u
I have mustaches on my shoes right now
When are you going to do the song
Everytime Lauren squeaked the mustache my dog jumped up and ran around the house then she plopped down in disappointment
I have a bear bear
kept on repeating the part where moose boops the bread pillow ITS SO CUTE 😍😍
I love when youtubers do stuff with dogs. (One way to get my like lol) You should try the iFetch.
hi lau i am florence i am from argentina recently i discovered your channel i appeared as recommended a video diy cell phone covers look it and i liked a lot greetings from argentina
when is your song coming out
I am sad from you Lauren
Awwwwwwwwww!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘. Some of the
Didn't guppy have he boots too?
My birthdays in 5 days and so is laurens music video
I am tired watching ur videos always the same
*my favorite video on the internet EVERRRRRR*
Suffer Woman
hey twilight nice video
part 2 please
We need Halloween costumes pleas throw in a wolf
Can you answer i am new💙💙💙💙💚💛💜💜❤❤❤❤
@laurDIY did you ever play in a movie called project mc square? If you did can reply or maybe put this in your next Q&A video ❤ love you! Your vids are amazing! ❤❤
U SHOULD DO ANOTHER DIY CHALLENGE ‼️ I MISS THOSE
For the next Sunday vid can you please do a temarary hair dye
Put Captions On At 2:22 You'll Thank meh later c:
I can't wait till the Laurex merch
Lauren I'm so ready for fall DIY's!!
LAUREN!!!!\n\nWhy U no include me on ur bidyos??!!
I JUST SAW LAUREN IN A FANTA COMMERCIAL  \nAND EVA\nNow I'm in love with Fanta
He's probably embarrassed by his mom like a normal kid
what type of dog is moose? i love him so much!
I need that pink sweater kangaroo pocket thing for me and my chihuahua 😂😂❤
The racoon toy for people
are you still giving guppy the puppito attention too??
this is so cute im dying
LAUREN I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!!! You are my hero and I think you are beautiful! I love you and the mosie bear!
Oh my smoothie!!!!! I need that bed and sweater!!!
I have a puppy!  Her name is Boo Boo Bear but we call her Boo Boo or Boo Bear!  I would love for her to meet Moose!!!! She is a lab and a boxer mix!!!  😍😍😍😘😘😘😉😉😉😉❤❤❤😁😀
lauren pls do a morning and night routine with alex and u PLS!!!!
I have a dog pencil case that looks like hum
U Kno wat , without any hate ,I didn't find moosie cute ,like really u cud have find better anyways love  u Laur !\nAgain no hate 😘
laur diy please answer this where do you get you stuffed animals
Love your make up here! So Fall. Please do a tutorial on it. 😍
Wow it's been a while since I've watched, but your style has changed a lot since I watched you last
Hey Ingrid! What ever happened to Taco Tuesgays? I was so pumped for that and it's been a while since you posted a video. 😭
i love your channel!
Can someone please let me know why I am not able to view Ingrid's previously live videos? My notification said she had a live unboxing today yet her channel doesn't show me the live videos. I am able to see other youtuber's previously live shows though...anyone?
Does anyone else get reminded of the Saw movies when they see Target's logo? ☹️
It's so weird seeing aritzia in LA hauls now Bc for the longest time it's been just a Canadian thing :O
Ingird, can you do an updated room tour ? Thanks!
Tutorial on this makeup look??
Where is the thermal turtleneck from??!!
Haters don't know what to comment after this drugstore haul ;)
Ingrid I love you!!! Pls pls make more videos 😊😊
You are welcome US for finally getting Aritzia, from Canada, with love ❤  Aritzia is a danger zone store for me!
Does anyone know what lipstick she's wearing??
Do you have issues with getting small holes in your t shirts? I don't know if it's just because I purchase cheap shirts, but I'm hesitant to splurge because I'm afraid it may happen anyways
This video gave me life.😭❤️
the similar Aritzia zipper body suit you have in the description looks like nothing like your vid.
So close to 4 million!!! Congrats :)
Ingrid, the Aveda shampure dry shampoo is a dry shampoo powder! It's my HG! I think the scent of it is right up your alley!!
Aritzia always has the cutest things. Great video Ingrid.💕💕💕
Please do a closet tour
I still remember when you used to wear that panda sweater 🐼
Her style is soo modern and plain...not my favorite haul
I love Lauren Conrad and Lucy Hale. my two favorites for makeup/hair/style inspiration. =D
why is she losing subscribers she is amazing!
Lol Ingrid if you like Aritzia then you would probably love their annual warehouse sales in Vancouver!
Yes!!! I am the exact same way about my t shirts!! The sleeves have to be longer and the fit has to be right...it is SO hard to find them haha so thank you for the recommendations, I will have to go get me some!!
Where did you get the faded black shirt? @IngridNilsen
Omg I like my t-shirts the same way you described yours!
I miss Vlogmas
Hi Ingrid! I really loved your make-up in this video! Could you please teach us? Thanks!
Eyebrows look funky for some reason...it's either too far apart or too square. My opinion....
Ingrid, what is the lipstick you're wearing in the video? I've been trying to find a shade like that for ages and it's been a trial and error kind of thing because, as you pointed out, you can't try drugstore makeup out before buying it so I've been getting these shades and have been really disappointed. Also, is that lipstick you have something you would recommend?
What camera lens and settings are you using? It looks amazing!
You should check out a brand called everlane 💕
Ingrid!!! I love your shoes! What brand are they? 😍😍😍 #havetohave
Wait I thought she lived in NYC did she move back to LA?
Omg I recently just got the Wilfred Free tshirt in the nude color too! BEST tshirt ever 💕💕
you are gorgeous without (and with) makeup !! <3
FYI that Aritzia thermal stretches out quite a bit so I size down!
omg I am obsessed with that red sweater!!
omg please let us know your review on kristin ess products because i've been wanting to try them for a bit
I love these types of videos! I hope we get an update video soon!
Love your current hairlength! Great video Ingrid :-) lovely greetings from Austria
how old is she?
I'm pretty sure I've seen the batiste xxl powder at ulta
this is literally my perfect closet, simplicity in details. I LOVE YOU! <3
Am I the only one sad that aritzia is becoming basic more than outside of Canada😂
I love your videos 😍❤❤
Stop being so cuteeeee i can't handle your cuteness
Love the black body suit with the zipper and the printed pants!
Love that Zara floral number!!
target has some really cute fall clothes and shoes right now! xo from my channel to your’s <3
I love Ingrid but I think it's missing a little floral dress, like that :\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syofDm2KhW8
Crying because Ingrid looks amazing in this video!
Will you update us on the hair products once you've used them up a bit?
High rise, button-fly tapered jeans. Yep, the 90's are definitely baaaaaack! 😱
Love the longer hair
i absolutely love aritzia! for some reason the store on 5th ave in NYC feels quite intimidating though, wishing it was more like the LA store!
Better wear the two floreal pieces not together else they look like a fancy pajama XD
Ingrid are you still focusing on ethical/sustainable fashion? or are you going to revert back to fast fashion?
Omg you finally look like your old self!!!
Ingrid, I really think you should read up on Zara and it's production chain. They're truly not a company worth buying and supporting. I hope you look it up! <3
Sending love your way ❤️ Great video!
The clothes look cute tbh, but sucks I can't afford it :(
Aritizia here in Canada is over hyped AND overpriced imo. Not to mention the salespeople are not helpful if you don't shop there all the time.
The jeans look so good
I NEVER CLICKED ON A VID SO FAST. I GREW UP WATCHING HER FALL HAULS IN HIGH SCHOOL, SO THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY 😭💜
That batiste powder is definitely available at ulta. Just FYI for anyone interested. :)\nLove your style Ingrid! And this vid got me even more excited for autumn !
open your description and zoomed right to the red sweater and WAH WAH WAHHHHHHHHH dang it zara!!! why you gotta do me like that!!
Everlane has great tshirts!
Hehe I work at Aritzia :)
The lip color is beautiful. May I ask what color/colors you're wearing?
does anyone know what lipstick shes wearing?!
Yaaaayyy love your longer hair:)
that red oversized sweater from zara looks gorgeous ahhh that color!!! 😻
So glad you included affordable options!
Ulta carries the Batiste XXL powder.
You look so pretty
OMG YES
Always love your fashion hauls! 🌻
Burst treaty fault care blind break.
I love your hair guuurl! <3
Mmm yessss so ready for fall!
<3 love you!!!!!
Love, love, LOVE the kristen Ess products!
Honest Beauty reviews: \nhttp://normalhumanreviews.blogspot.co.uk/?m=1
Loving the red sweater 😍😍
What lipstick are you wearing??
Dude, dont buy L'Oréal!
💕👌🏼
You still wear the camo leggings from HPE?
Awesome! I LOVEEE LUCY HALE, and Lauren Conrad so I'm sooo buying those products by Kristen. I had no idea that was even at target; thankful you mentioned it. \n\nI wear my hair naturally which is pretty much beach waves almost daily. Super excited to try it! 😬
Ingrid! Please do more of your 'fashion foreplay'!! Would love to see your outfits for fall this year:)
i am obsessed with the dry shampoo!
I don't trust any products she recommends anymore because half the time I don't know if its a secret ad or if she actually uses them
I haven't seen a single video of Ingrid in aaaaaaages and omg she's so skinny now??????? 🙃
I have no idea how to dress trendy inexpensive for each season. Most of my closet is filled with clothes I half-like from freshman year of college... i'm now a senior and saving up every penny for an apartment in NYC after I graduate, any tips or recommended stores?
Loved this vid Ingrid! Thanks for sharing your haul. Your basics style is super inspiring! I love the palette of tshirts you have and that floral pant/long jacket set was gorgeous xxxx
This makeup looks dirty :/
SHE IS SO UNDERRATED. I CAN'T
I like how it showed a man being abused by a woman. It shows men can be hurt too, and not just women.
_i cried until the end of the video. I cry at how she's a queen. I cry at how she's a goddess. I cry at how beautiful she sounds when she sings. I cry at everything she does amazingly--_
Kirstin is a real life goddess
SHE IS SO GORGEOUS OMG CAN I BE HER
Now we need a mv for Something Real pleeeaaase
this song reminds me of the pain, the insults, and the racial slurs i've overcome for the past five years
WHAT A QUEEN \nMITCHIE GOT SOME COMPETITION
An actual real life goddess what even how is someone this talented and this beautiful and this amazing and what even how
talk about me like im bad weather... to be honest people say more about bad more than good.. please.... keep me in your mouths.. keep my ratings/popularity high ... i can promise you..... you are only making me more famous than yourself.... KUDOS!!!!!!!!...bitch
Kirstie is an inspiration to all
Kirsten don't listen to the haters
I love how in the song she says us as if Kirstie's with us in these situations 😊☺️😌
The music video changed my perspective on this song. She did amazing I'm shook. 🔥😍
This is one of the first music videos that has made me feel something. Thank you Kirstin I love you so much 💕
I love the ending soooo much. Are you there *swing is empty* UGHHH I caried
The like, last two scenes with the final text and the empty swing really hurt me for some reason
This is amazing and I'm absolutely astonished!\nAmazing voice, deep message, it can't get anymore impressive.
Here before one million views; )
My favorite Kirstin's video so far 💓
kirstin been dropping gems!! such a great talent
That second verse from 2:15   is beautifully written and sung. Good song.
I love you so much 💜
THIS IS THE BEST
I'm personally not a huge fan of Kirstie's solo stuff, but this video is GORGEOUS and the lyrics are really beautiful / important. Ily Kirstie, keep slaying, queeeen <3
I love this so much.
YES QUEEN!! I'm so shook from this video!
Youtube Video View Sell\nYoutube Video LIKE Sell\nYouTube Real Subscribers Sell\n10000 YouTube Video Views for $8\n1000 YouTube Real Subscribers for $30\n1000 YouTube Likes for $5\nContact Skype: blackhatabir420@hotmail,com\nor Email me mindhackerzabir@gmail,com\nWhatsApp Number +8801626800525\nPayment Paypal/Payoneer/Skrill/Payza\nNO FREE SERVICE OR DEMO WILL BE GIVEN BEFORE PAYMENT(Don't Waste ur time Trying Contact Fb) facebook,com/Lioabir.Official\nKey4465HHjhu8555dsfdd
Holy hell, my girl in dat dress. I forgot she was ever in a group, slayin the game all by herself. Gorgeous!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what is that weird instrument in the background? It sounds like a machine gun.
okAY QUEEN?! COME THE FUCK THROUGH?!
Want to cry now. Thank you. It's lovely.
Really surprised her PR team didn't advise her to wait at least a week or so to release this...a song called bad weather with lyrics of being washed away by a flood right after two record-setting hurricanes? That's...pretty tacky.
This is amazing but I gotta say I don't get why she's on a swing. There's gotta be a deeper meaning that I'm just not getting there.
OMG I loved that so much incredible job :)
Kirstin has the voice of an angel!!
Shes SOO beautiful...........I love her and her music SOOO much
wowwwwww an actual work of art
I love this song and now im in love with the video plus she is so cute/sexy
kirstIN NEEDS TO MAKE A YOUTUBE CHANNEL HOLY CRAP
You make me feel so happy,you inspire me,and if you ever doubt yourself don't you are perfect in every way and if you see a flaw all I see is flawlessness
Yass Queen Love you Kirstie that was dramatic  I love how you focused on real issues suicide bullying etc This was amazing can't wait to see what's next
turned off my porn for this, then turned it right back on
She's awesome. I'm emotional
hella nice lyrics loved it. never let anyone steal your pride. you're awesome.
hOly YES\nthis is what I've been waiting for.
11k views and trending xD youtube hand picking again, some shady business practices. good song tho, no lie.
this is beautiful i got chills at the end
YO HER VOCALIZATIONS IN THIS THOUGH. And these lyrics man. This is so good. I feel blessd
the world has to see this.
Wow SHE DID THAT
Fckkkk mannnn! All her videos make me want to always rub one out! Damn she is super sexy! Those boobs tho! 😍😘🌹
OMG! I can't deal. This is so empowering, this whole music video breathed life to the message of anti-bullying and standing up for yourself, and it really tugged at my heartstrings, so... Thank you so much for being an inspiration to all of us, Kirstin! This is phenomenal.
wow.....
YES!!
Love me from Iraqi
How can someone call kirstie a slut when she's that flawless (yes I know it's for the video)
The empty swing at the end sends a really powerful message, please watch what you say, others people words do not define you, you define yourself !!
This song has such a powerful message!!! Amazing!!!
I FUCKING LOVE IT !
Waited all day just to see this video and it was honestly so powerful and worth the wait ❤️
This song brought me to tears! Absolutely love it and the message behind it!
HOWWWWWW KIRSTIN CAN YOU BE SOOOOOO TALENTES
Yes 👌❤❤❤
❤️❤️😭
BEAUTIFUL ❤️
follow4follow
Great message! Love ya kirstin! 😘
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love it I love it I love it😍💛
My actual queen.
LOVE
More accurate title is irma 😴
SLAY THE GAME GIRL
Que ermosaa😍😍😘😗
AH THIS IS AMAZING AHDHSHDJ
Wow.  Absolutely amazing.
Why isn't this trending??
queen
Imagine being this talented
You are gorgeous
Slay so amazing!!!!!
Kirstin you are so amazing
BEAUTIFUL FLAWLESS DARK ANGEL QUEEN
she is slayin 🔥
Pure brilliance
KIRSTIE IS SO BEAUTIFUL!!!😍😍😍😍
I'm sobbing lmao
I'm OBSESSED
Omfg
This is amazing 😖
Damn bae this fire 🔥🔥
😍💖
I'm crying cause she's so pretty but her music video shattered my heart cause I've been there before and trust it's hard but if no one loves you, the only person that loves you is yourself.
The music is too loud and you can't actually understand half of what she's singing... :( Bring back the crisper clearer Kirstin. Beautiful video though!
I can relate to this video so much 😭😭😭😭 I'm getting bullied rn, both cyber & physical 😭
is she some sort of pop star?
KIRSTIN THIS IS AMAZING 😰❤
I was wondering how good your solo music would be... this is so meaningful <3
Oh wow...this is intense.
when hoddle starts to talk about consistency, owen face turned pale lol
Rio talks sense. England kid with two golden boots. 50 goals in two years before turning 20. Owen would be neymar level in term of money right now. The fact he's English slaps on another 50mil. At that age, you could not see past him as the next up and coming player. But what happened he got pushed too much too early and could have had a brilliant career that lasted long. Instead it finished up short. Keep young players ticking slowly. Let them develop. Then make him into the player you need
Rooney's been a great player but there's no question that if Michael Owen hadn't been unlucky with injuries throughout his career, he'd currently be way out in front as England's all time leading goal scorer.
I agree completely but you've got to remember Woodburn and Rashford aren't getting the game time that Owen was. Yes Rashford is playing a lot but now he's adapting his game to convert to a winger whereas Owen was a striker and woodburn just straight up is getting no game time. Imo Woodburn should go to Swansea or somewhere on loan and he could flourish.
As a united fan I know Owen played for us but he's a LFC boy through and through and I have to admit early 2000s no better striker than owen this day and age he'd be worth easily 100mil
Why is Woodburn even being mentioned. He scored 1 good goal and suddenly the British media are wanking over him shock horror.
At 18 and 19 all the way to 24, just before he went to Madrid, Owen was averaging 18 premier league goals a season, and thats before we factor in cup and european goals...... Football has changed, thats all
Owen had scored 40 PL goals before he turned 20, Rashford isn't on his level and Woodburn lol he's done nothing yet.
Michael Owen- great player to traitor to shit pundit
That means Rashford and Woodburn is not better than me. - M.Owen
Rio always talks straight. These kids got a long way to go before reaching Owens sensational form as a youngster
'There & Back' - A Solar Project For UNICEF would be much more entertaining!
Owen was given a chance at a very young age. We don't have that in the game anymore. Players normally make their breakthrough in their early 20s. Money has fucked everything
Judge them at the end of there career
Fair statements Rio.. Owen on his prime ( 19 years old ) was way too better than rashford,  woodburn, kane combined..!!!
Rio is a genius!!! This is exactly what there has been complaints about English Media hyping the youngsters even before they even reach their potential.\nThey need to be tested against time as how consistent they are atleast for 2-3 years to be called anything close to prodigy.
This game was in our hands but useless defence cost us
Up the potters
Rio is right. Owen was a world class finisher even in his teens. He had an instinctive, almost preternatural ability to find the back of net. Romario had that too. Mbappe has shown glimpses of that but he needs to do it over the course of a season or two. Rashford is rather different. He's more of a support striker than a poacher number 9.
Up d flats
Owen was sick
English fans and media overhyping youngsters. What's new?
rashford has been poor so far this season he's been having episodes of poor games but the English media will try a defend him until he's 24 and done nothing and it will be on to the next  teenager. We should look at how the French bring their young players they don't buss ppl ear with their names. They let talent speak for itself. Personally I don't see the hype in rashford at part from the fact that  the British media are saying his name every week. This is pathetic.
Rio dont even mention Mbappe in this context mbappe has proven his worth in the UCL the biggest competition out there...
Owen was a phenomenal player as a young talent but injuries made him an average player and for me didn't deserve that ballon D'or he won
look at these old guys trying to cling on to their past status. haha .... Owen is dogshite compared to the players of today... Rio just bitter because he was always a liability, not as good as a defender like a Pique, luiz or a Terry who are also better then all those past overrated defenders too  (Adams, Campbell, Moore, Cannavaro, Nesta, Hiero, etc ...are all  below their level!)\n\nLuke Shaw is twice the player Maldini ever was (in fact he is better then carlos and maldini combined)\nwhy would you want a dirt player like cafu when you can play a great like Alvares?!?!?!\n\nWho would play overrated rubbish like a Scholes... a Keane... a Viera... < all crap players compared to todays (Hhahahah)\nEven Zidane is looked all rose tinted on... he was also rubbish... players like Coutinho are already better then players like him.\n\nAnd forwards and wingers... the past like to say so called greats like Maradona (the druggie)... Pele (the pervert)... R9.... (the fattie)... Best (the drunk)... Cruyff (the clown).... are better then the grerats cr7 and Messi and Neymar and Mbappe... hahahahaha\n\nIf old players that do punditry like Rio, Owen, Henry, Neville (etc) want to still get involved they can become todays boot cleaners because they were all rubbish and overrated
Rashford is better than Owen or at least he's gonna be.Owen was done by 25 lol
Who is Owen loool yeah a name in England but nothing in football world get over yourself, England produce Owen and Brazil produce Ronaldo
She left netnobody before sky quit YouTube. They probably talked about it before she left him. Hmmmmnnnn.....
mini react to bend the knee
Rract to net nobody dumbass and youll find the meaning. Your just sucking off on jj
REACT TO BEND THE KNEE PLEASE MAN
yo, he has a point about deji's slow ass rapping
you have to watch netnobodys response
Dude alessa just wants fame that's why she's there
I expect that from a poodle. Worst line of all time.
Honestly American rappers are better than english rappers but I meant opinions in all...
What I found funny was that this was #1 on trending but the actual song was #34
You should react to netnobody next track
REACT TO NETNODY NEW ,,,,AT THE END REACT
You need to go to drama alert there was a interview with netnobody he explains everything
look at the subtitles at 3:52 , never laughed so much lmao
3:06 did simon say the n word
Have ya heard netnobodys new diss? Bend the knee. Ksi got played
Here's the problem: NetNobody wasn't even trying.
Nobody reacts to NetNobody's song because it's fire
You should make a channel called minireacts
Alesa is a slut tho.\n#GiveAdamCustody\n\nAnd this diss was Little Boy just mixed up a bit. Same flow and everything.
2:40 love how simon's face goes blank
Will you ever react to bend the knee tho.
Ha Simon doesn't even react to bend the new cuz ksi said don't FUCKIN react to it
Why does he do the click click 💥
I'm personally annoyed that almost everybody believes that all these accusations of Adam are 100% fact. They aren't, please do some research, and look from both sides before making a biased opinion. Alesa has cheated on Adam, and lied, and manipulated Adam's friends into thinking he's abusive, and mentally unstable. Alesa has kept his son away from him, even though Adam had a custody plan for them to work on. Adam is completely destroyed by not being able to see his son. Mason doesn't even recognize him anymore. Adam is not perfect, neither is KSI, or Alesa, but next time try seeing both sides before making a judgement.
obviously you aren't ready because you aren't a nigga
So bend the knee dident happen ? Ore what. If you know the drama whit adam and alissa youd know she is a snake. Js
The only reson adam did that so he could get custody of his child
React to Bend the Knee by NetNobody
is it just me or ksi and net nobody together netnobdy is bettert hen him
Mate net nobody was well smart he set it up to get his kid back mate
Is it just me or do u find it funny when Simon drinks his red bull from a straw
im america and i understand
JJ won a battle, Adam won a war
You should really react to Bend The Knee
Miniminter is the best you tuber in the whole world
The starting music is so perfect
Please react to bend the knee by netnobody because there is an amazing twist
When they don't watch the reply
American people aren't going to understand this. Bro. Wtf.
just...just watch sdam's😁
React to net nobody's diss track
Ksi has no flow he sucks huehue
react to netnobody you fucking twatt
alesa is his wife .....fuck jj
REACT TO NETNOBODY Bend The Knee!!!
That intro tho
3:00
This intro tho....fire again 🔥🔥
I love KSI but ALESA!!!!! I HATE HER!!!!!
Oh the tables turned jj was played. JJ took an L.
You should react to bend the knee
Miniminter and ksi are very good friends!!
who knows the song in the background at the start(not the eminem one)
0:13 KSI, and...\n\n\n\n\nAh-ah! Yinka, what are you doin... AH-AH! What's up with that mustache???
React to Bend the knee by net nobody
Didnt sky used to be just a nice guy who anyone kids or adults could watch
Hahah u may want to watch his new reply ksi got played 😂check mate ksi lost haha
Why don't you diss for the lols
Ksi got played
1:54 that jj face
Rip ads
SKY DOES BJS
React to netnobody new song
JJ got played, facts
ALESA IS A SNAKING SLUT
React to Bend The Knee
Lol
Miniminter=Simon reacts
React to NetNobody!
little does miniminter know.....
how bout net nobody react? mini?
Simon react to netnobody disstrack bend the knee
Please view my video
48 to 53 best part
Who tf drinks redbull from a straw hahahaha
I swear everytime Simon reacts, it goes trending😂
after adam hears this, he is 100% likely to kill himself
There's not gonna be anymore cuz he's dropping an EP
you should react to Bend The Knee
yOU DRINK RED BULL WITH A FUCKING STRAW.
miniminter the only guy who drink redbull from a straw.
Miniminter is Eminem with cool hair xD
On trending 50
27 ON TRENDING GG SIMON
Watch Adams dis
bro ksi diss tracks are da best
Wtf happened to your hair mate
I hate fucking ksi
JJ won
lel Memes
Sellout
Make ur bed bro
React to bend the knee
Loool
Not on trending anymore? Wow
I love how he casually just roast deji
React to bend the knee
Who disliked this
Rip adam
Messi is the Best
*Barca el mejor :')*
messi el mejor sin duda alguna sin ti el fútbol seria aburrido XD XD
Barcelona needs all the help they can get. Good job referees.
That was an offside goal but you cant take the beauty away from it 😘😘😘
COMPOSITE HACKS\n• If Truly you Are In Need Of A PROFESSIONAL HACKER Who Will Get Your Job Done Efficiently With Swift Response, You Have Met the Right Person.\nMOTIVE:\n• I don't care who you are, The reason why I am hired is to simply get the job done however, I engage insilent attacks so the target remains unaware of the hack. \n\nMY HACKING CAPABILITIES:\nThere are series of people who needs to Hack their target email I.D, social media websites,apps or smartphones, for many reasons such as husband cheating on wife, girlfriend cheating on boyfriend or vice versa. Or important information needed to be dumped/sniffed from the target email address, website, a particular location, or for whatsoever reason you want to hire a Hacker Or As a parent you might need to monitor what your children are doing on social media and on their personal computers so that they don’t get into trouble. Or if you want to hack a private domain email account(business email), or you want to eraze your name from court’s criminal records, perhaps you might want to Hack into the database of any government agency, All these are what I can get done within few hours.\n\n\nFrankly speaking, I always give a 100% guarantee on any job I am been asked to do, because I have always been successful in Almost all my jobs for the past 10years and my clients can testify to that . To hack anything needs time though, but I can provide a swift response to your job depending on how fast and urgent you need. Time also depends on what exactly you want to hack and how serious you are. Enough time with social engineering is required for hacking. So if you want to bind me in a short time, then just don't contact me because I can't hack within one hour,*sorry*. Basically, time depends on your luck. If its good luck, then it is possible to hack within one hour but, if its in the other way round, it would take few hours. I have seen FAKE HACKERS claiming they can hack in 1hr , but there is no REAL HACKER who can say this (AVOID THEM). \n\n\nIf your target account is Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, sexual accounts or other social accounts etc, or you want to hack into someones smartphone so you can monitor their calls, read their messages, chats, and social account activities without their notice, Or you wana track someone’s location, Or you want to retrieve lost files,messages, feel free to contact me, we would have a nice deal! I will explain to you how I am going to get the job done.\n\n\nYou can also contact me for other Cyber Attacks And Hijackings, i do almost All\ncompositehacks@gmail.com
Messi is the best~ amazing Barcelona~
Do you think they know it's not 'Leo Messi'?
Was a privilege to be there
FC Barcelona is the best!
I am a Messi fan, but that first goal was lazy and pathetic from Messi and also, it was OFFSIDE!
Free Spotify premium link ; \n\nhttps://filespeedr.com/hT6wuZOfKyC2FGOn\n\nThank me later 👍\nQuickly do it before it gets blocked \n\nShare the link with your friends:)
why the fuck pau lopez was at gk? diego lopez is way better than him. if he was at our gk position, match won't end like this
MESSI The King of the World ❤❤
U must say that rakitic play amazing
I like Leo Messi playing style.
melhor do mundo não tem comparação..
Dembele could be the next thierry henry
Lionel Messi sem dúvida,o melhor  o cara joga muito ,esse ano vai brigar por mais uma chuteira de ouro ,ou seja há artilharia da liga espanhola,
Who is better \n\nLike for neymar\nComment for dembele
🎉East or west ♏ESSI is The BEST 🎉
Y que en la selección no valoren a Pique ....me da vergüenza
Offside
Let's go LIONELLLLLLL MESSSSSIII!!!!!! 👑🥇👊⚽️🏆🏆🏆
Suarez ❤️
MSD<3
Tough league right here.
Messi forever a legend.
https://youtu.be/Q0f5gW7FebU
No soy fan del fútbol del Suarez.. 😕
Like
That Messi guys pretty good
anno giochato bene sono un bambino e tifo juve
FCB 17/18 ▶️ 1.° en LaLiga (9 Pts.)\n........................................................\n▶ [MS] Total de goles: *7*\n👤Messi: *6* | Supercopa (1), Liga (5)\n👤Suárez: *1* | Liga (1)\n.........................................................\nMessi, el señor del derbi, fulmina al Espanyol. \n#BarçaDelAlma❤
Barca is exelent for ever
Dembele Messi team up looks freaking amazing so far.\nFirst goal was offside though :/
MSD
Lovely hat-trick by Messi.
We're drawdrid fans
Vamos dembele👏👏👍💗⚽
Quality finish by suarez
Nuevo trio MSD.
one more messi hatric
Fake shot by Suarez 🙌👏\n@01:26
fuck you barcelina
Messi⚽⚽⚽
Messi rocks yoo
gles vu le  match
dembele beutiful pass to suarez what a wonderful dribling by messi
#BartomeuOut\nMessi The King 🙂
отличное начало Барса!!!!!
Acostumbraos a jugar entre los dos siempre jajajajajaja
Hala Madrid
I los 2 paradones?
Vamos Barcelona
👏👏👏👏👏 #bartomeudimiteya
ĺos   antibarsa y los cules  lo hemos  matao  pero  amí medá  m\nmuy  buena espina con bembelé   y ios merengues  favoretismo  ante de jugar y. asín van  ¡ ojo !
hala pericos al horno en cinco minutos jajaja
Levante real 1 1 😁😁😁
Grandísimo Messi
Eso se lo han inventado
Deberian subir este video a pornhub.com
Ni el Barça era tan malo por perder la Supercopa ni son los putos amos ahora por meterle 5 al Espanyol. Seamos serios.
Zidane dice voy a ganar la champions sin cristiano ronaldo a ver amigo mío que si hace eso Messi ya te clavo 7 goles y encima empatan contra levante definición de esto: Zidane es decerebrado
Todo mundo ignorable primer gol que es fuera de lugar pero cuando robaldo lo have todos critican jaja
https://m.facebook.com/laalternativa.wasy/photos/a.1667842573435609.1073741828.1658787754341091/1975834385969758/?type=3 \nHola💁🏻Podrias darle mg a esta foto por favor😁? Es para un concurso que hay en mi pueblo, la foto que mas mg tenga se lleva 200€ \nGracias🌟🌟
Muchos golitos a equipos humildes pero partidos importantes desaparecidos
Sin duda, messi el mejor del mundo <3
siempre que oigo al campo gritar el gol me dan escalofrios
Deberían ser conscientes de que leo messi se ha convertido en el típico jugador que rinde en Europa pero con su selección es como un cualquier jugador convocable. Una lástima.
Me parece de tontos enseñar que el 1r gol es en fuera de juego, os estais dejando mal a vosotros mismos que no lo pitasteis
Tres jornadas y messi tres palos y 5 goles, y van a tener la poca vergüenza de darle el balón de oro al empujarbitros
Cristiano que pasa mes si es el Puto amo y ahora te enteras jajjaj😂😂😂😄😄
Busquets, Iniesta, Umtiti, Ter Stegen, Jordi Alba, Messi, Dembelé, André Gomez, Paulinho, Semedo, Rakitic, Deulofeu, Suárez y Piqué... Todos estuvieron muy bien; gran juego del Barcelona, con uno que otro pequeño error, pero en general qué buen espectáculo. Este equipo no tiene nada que envidiarle a ningún otro.
Meses de no ver un partido del Barça; regresar y verlos jugar así da placer. Nelson, Ivan, y Lionel en la derecha es excelso.
Y después de la Supercopa de España todos decían que el Madrid iba a arrasar en la Liga.... quién hubiese dicho que en la 3era jornada ya el Barça le sacaría 4 puntos JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA PRAAAAAAAAAAWWW
*Gracias amigo!!*\n#Love from india Barcelona Forever!!!! ⚽⚽
EL ESPANYOL A SEGUNDA OE, A SEGUNDA OE, A SEGUNDA OE, A SEGUNDA E O E...
Beautiful sensational it was a fantastic game especially having the French guy in made it more sensational go barca team go
Seems like Messi is playing in the 'no offside' era
En que Pais se jugo este partido?
Haters Will said Messi was offside 
Primer gol en claro fuera de juego... El farza robando?, Nada nuevo... Sigue todo como siempre,
LaLiga is shit
Grande esa msd
Views plz
First goal offside
Mànita de hostias a los pericos !!!
Enfermeras, enfermeeeeeerrasssss, enfermeras 😭 donde están bebés?
Unga unga
Por eso messi no quiere salir del Barcelona. Aquí decimos: el que es buen gallo donde quiera canta. Y messi canta muy jodido cuando esta fuera del barza.
Fc barcelona vs Espanyol\nMessi goals 3👏\nFc barcelon 5-0 Espanyol\n
MESIS EL MEJOR DEL MUNDO😄😄😄😄
Messi messi es cojonudo cómo messi no hay ninguno!
EL REINO DE LOS CIELOS SE HA ACERCADO, NUESTRO REY Y SEÑOR JESUS CRISTO REGRESA, ARREPIENTANSE DEL PECADO Y CAMBIEN DE DIRECCIÓN SUS VIDAS\nTHE KINGDOM OF HEAVENS IS CLOSER, OUR KING AND LORD JESUS CHRIST RETURNS, REPENT OF SIN AND CHANGE YOUR WAY OF LIVING.......,,,
No voy a comentar el arbitraje porque quien vio el partido sabe que para nada fue justo... Pero estoy muy hasta los cojones de los errores en el arbitraje cuando juegas contra los grandes. Esto hace mucho que dejó de ser la mejor liga del mundo para ser simplemente un show que sólo ganan farsa y mandril, ayudados siempre por el jugador número 12.
There's like 3 actual good clubs in La liga, this score line is not worth celebrating
Liga adulterada por Villar el corrupto, que aún sigue en su cargo: Presidente de la Real Federación Española de Futbol después de pasar por la carcel y con el juicio abierto aún..... Con VAR el 1° gol de este partido tampoco lo hubiera dado por bueno Aytekin
refalona
Super proud as always!!! Xxx
This is insanely good. I love it on so many levels. Seriously brilliant. Yaaaaaaas.
Is it ok that I'm like: I would actually buy a single for this song...
Tom: check out my book club!\nme: YES\nTom: check out my book club!\nme: YES\nTom: my children's book club!\nme: o
The most creative way to release book club soooo good
Wow, it was amazing to announce this in a musical style which was entertaining throughout (with some badass moments from you) :D. Doing a book club is a great cause too, encouraging others to read. Please do more announcement videos like this more often :D
Hell I would like to read those books and I'm over twenty
deeply enjoying hearing a new song from you Tom! :)
More of things like that on youtube please !! 😍😍
Beleza, mas e o album 6?
Why does this have such a Christmassy feel to it? 😆
Bloody hell man could you BE any more of a creative genius caring baddass?!? This is the best thing I've listened to musicality wise in weeks, and this book club/ book is going to be so amazing that I can't even be angry that you're not in the studio creating more insane music.
Determined to learn all the words to this 😂 amazing as always Tom you never fail to amaze me with your songwriting skills! I'm sure this book club will be a HUGE success! X
I went round humming this all day and sometimes saying the words people thought I was insane wondering around singing book club
This is a wonderful idea for kids! Tom, I am so, so, so proud of you. I've been a fan of yours for years -- since I was a kid, really -- and I've seen you grow so much as an artist, businessperson, and person in general haha. You create such light and positivity with your endeavors. Even though I only know this tiny part of you from your public persona, I know in my heart that you and Giovanna are such wonderful people, inside and out. Thank you for all that you do. I will always here to support you. <3
This is brilliant!\n\nCould anyone please suggest songs like this? i mean fun similar genre like this, i barely know about music btw but i enjoy this so much. thank you!
I wish I could be part of your book club Tom!! It looks so fun! 😂
This was great... Tom, when are you bringing out a musical? Everyone will agree it needs to happen.
Man, I miss tom fletcher sing a new song. hope McFly will release the 6th album.
This Mr Magorium vibe kills me:in a good way.
Absolutely awesome , never disappointed with anything he does he's amazing
Fantastic video Tom - I shall never look at Watford WH Smith in the same way - good luck with your Book Club! x
Wait, I love this???
Channeling your inner doctor a little here Tom?
That was such an amazing announcement video! I loved Clarice Bean as a kid :)
Everyone thinking damn, I wish I was a child again
Always doing great announcement video.
Why are you so perfect?
Tom that VOICE! When are you gonna be in the West End?? (In your copious spare time, of course)
You're awesome, Tom. It's pretty cool that in every thing you do, I can see plenty of love, care and fun! It's amazing when I have a new notification of a new video of yours. Any of them. It's impossible not to have fun. Congrats, man! The video/song/books are impressive. I admire you the most ♥
I so wanna be like 8
You're set to take over Christmas Panto, check. Musical airwaves, sorted, High profile in kids book world, trending, and what is next? Stay tuned for the next exciting episode.
The best musical... of the world
Quite confused why a 30 something is picking books for kids.......I don’t get it
so that's what you've been busy with, Tom. ;)
This is abs brilliant, well done Tom, amazeballs!!!
sometimes i forget how much i love you but then you do something this extra and i remember
Willy Wonka is to chocolate as Tom Fletcher is to children's books.
I'd listen to an album of fun children's songs. Haha. This is brilliant! I know it's just an ad song but oh well
Tom you just single handedly won the hearts of the UK nation yet again! Such a brilliant campaign & launch video ACE #TomsBookClub inspiration! 🙌🏻 Can't wait to look at your book list for gift ideas for my God daughter and family/ friends you're so awesome!!
Fantastic, my nephew and I will love these. He gets stuck reading the same series and I'm always suggesting new ideas.
Most underestimated human of our generation!! Tom Fletcher you're my hero
As I don't knows any kids old enough for these books I might have to be a part of it myself, we'll just pretend I'm not 18 because this looks absolutely amazing. Well done Tom
If he announces anything in the future without a musical bonanza I'm going to be very disappointed.
Are we just going to ignore the world's worst security guard there?
This is why I love Tom and Mcfly Xxx
This is filmed at my WHSmith 🙋🏼🙋🏼❤🎉🎉
Am I the only one who needs this song on Spotify and iTunes ? Hehe amazing tom can't wait to go and have a look 🎹🎧🎤🎸💞👓👓👓👓👓👓👓
Please say we can buy this song on iTunes?
This was so entertaining!
OH MY Thomas Fletcher you were born to this THANK YOU for this INCREDIBLE PIECE OF ART OMG I'M SO EXCITEDDDD wish I was a kid again to be part of it, can I ?? hahahahahahahahaha\n\nDon't know what else to say. I love you, love you sense of humour, love all your abilities, EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU. Thank you for inspiring me everyday. 💜
Love it! Uah! :) this is great even for me when i want books for my kids on kindergarten!
If this doesn't get parents and kids reading nothing will, it is awesome!!!!
King of announcements
I have no words for this, oh my God!!!!! hahahahahah
LOVED THIS ON SO MANY LEVELS !!!
I've literally come back here multiple times to watch it because the song is so catchy.
Amazing and funny video and proud of you
This is absolutely amazing
You are brilliant Tom Fletcher!!! :)
What a cool way to announce it!
Now I wish I was a kid to join the book club!!! Great job Tom!!!
this was AMAZING!! I love how creative you are with everything.
This was amazing. I want to read those and I'm 20
Does anyone know the name of the guy playing the security guard?
Fab video and song ...you need to make an album please!!
This gave me all the christmassy feels 😂
I'm 15 but this book club sounds amazing
wasn't expecting to see my local WH SMith's in this video :')
When we asked for new music, this wasn't what we meant
Is there anything you can't do Tom? Absolutely love this! In fact I've just watched on repeat 4 times 😂 Brilliant! X
He's sold it for me. And I don't even have kids
That worker was far too calm walking back into store and finding its been left like that.\n\nI'm actually pretty hyped for this campaign, as someone who works for the company I think it'll be a really great way to get kids to read more.
I see the red glasses are here again 👌
i love that Tom goes all out for his announcements!
I'm 19 and I honestly can't wait!
this is phenomenal\n!!
Excellent video Tom👏🏻
Love this !!! 😊❤️
King of announcements
I love your creativity 😊👏🏻
Awesome but mcfly?
Amaaaaaaazing!!!!!! 💙💙💙💙 Gunna be singing this all day!! 😂
cool ahajajaja ahajajaja 🎃 🎃 🎃
My gosh your creativity continues to amaze me.
Yes, Tom! 👏👏👏
This melts my heart
LMAOO I LOVED THIS
Genuine applause! Cool song. :-)
Lovely!!!!
Such a talent
What a kween
Love this 😂
A gem.
I loved it ❤❤❤
Nice
ok, how about album 6?
Best promo EVER! :'D xxx
Awesome production! Needs an award!
Good one Tom! 👌
your lovely chatty style, all of the lovely soft pillows in the background, make me feel just like i'm relaxing talking to a friend :)
I love how greatful you are for everything. It is so so important and lovely♡♡ you deserve everything you get xxx
How much I love your tour video's I've really missed your non stop rambling about anything an nothing. Welcome home, I hope you enjoy every second of it! ❤️
I started following Megan, she's amazing. I've had a few years of not liking what I see in the mirror.. no more. Love to you Carrie.xx.
Carrie I want your top!!  And btw I kept being called Wednesday Addams today because I put my hair in two plates!
There should be a cast recording for the uk cast of addams family!! so many people would buy it!
after Carrie went on about Megan I paused it and got lost in Megan's Insta...#notevensorry
And we loved they you could be there :) LOOOVE YOOOOOOOOU!
What happened to Pete? I feel like I have been missing the fact that they split up for ages!! 😯
I know your instagram isn't a body positivity page but I do exactly what you do with Megan and go to yours as you are so comfortable in your own skin and i identify with you and your body type a lot... YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL thank you <3
Your eyebrows have got so good I am shook
The whole body positive movement is just an excuse for unhealthy habits
How to be happy sounds so good but it doesn't come out until march I want to cry
I have the same t-shirt!
Ah yes the body positivity movement, the only movement that requires no movement.
I'm all for not hating your body but if your heart can't take it then you have a problem. There are no 80-year-old large ladies or gents.
It's somewhat important to remember that sending people free stuff is advertising just as much as starting a campaign with commercials and ads and such; and paying people to share your product just by giving it to them can be both _much_ cheaper _and_ more effective than the more traditional techniques. (Even without expectation that you'll tell anyone you got it, the simple fact that people have a natural/social impetus to say thank you for a gift means that shotgunning a bunch of these out to people with audiences, it's probably well worth it to the brand.)\n\nI've encountered concern about the ethics of this sort of advertising--when brand deals, which pay _much_ more, are also a thing, this technique starts to seem pretty dodgy. Especially since it's an appeal to the brand's supposed generosity (which I suppose isn't always fake--you may well simply have a fan at Google who added you to that list, for example); or, more to the point, it's an appeal to the idea that the brand has done _you_ , the creator whom we love, a favor, and thus we should consider supporting them in return: an idea which can be very dishonest when we consider the opportunity cost to a professional content creator of accepting this sort of advertising.\n\nSORRY FOR THE DEPRESSING ECONOMICS DISCUSSION I just feel this is something more people should be aware of, whatever their conclusions about it. :S
Just saw you on the tube! Now kicking myself that I didn't say Hi. I didn't want u to think I was weird jumping to say hello as soon as I got on the train! :( maybe next time I'll have the courage!
So glad you're happy to be home, and that you're happy in yourself. You reminded me so much of your brother throughout that though, I must say. Which isn't a bad thing? I'm just saying. :) xxx
You deserve all the best. I love you're videos.
The body positive movement and Megan literally changed my life. There really aren't words are there?
With you amazing voice I have to make my request. Can you do Ave Maria? I can't get enough of all the songs you do but something touching but sad like that or Bottom of the River is what my soul needs. You voice is hauntinly beauitufl so please consider it!
Carrie! I'm so glad you shared this. Her Instagram feed is honestly so inspiring! I'm so glad to have that in my life now. Those books sound wonderful (and you nailed the pronunciation of Como the first time you said it!) - you're 100% deserving of receiving it all!
Are you high because where is your energy coming from?
In love with Carrie's makeup and figure lately. She looks so mature yet graceful. Feel like I've watched you grow up from your old videos with Dan and Phil and the Vamps to now lol. Always be one of my YouTube faves🤗
Home is fab. Glad you get to chillax at home for abit.
I love homey, comforting videos like this ❤ I can't imagine how nice it would feel to finally be home after so long!
Going to see you tomorrow 😊😊😊😊
Hahaha. The last clip was just too adorable. Thank you for making the best videos. 💗
How to be happy really sounds like the plot of the game The Cat Lady. Beautiful game, you should all check it out!
WTF Carrie? Why do you have body image issues? Your body is amazing. You're so thick, and proportionate, and have curves in all the right places. I know naturally thick girls who managed to make themselves skinny that don't look nearly as good that way. Why not just look as good as you can for your body type? I mean, your body type is pretty awesome.
I started crying at the end when you started talking about home because I've only just left home for the first time to start college across the country. Everything's wonderful except my brother and dad and mum and old friends are missing. There's nowhere like home.\nSaw you in Dublin a few weeks ago by the way - you were sensational, as per usual
See you in Belfast in October!
The first Disney song would be 'Under the Sea' because The Little Mermaid is the best!! :D <3
I like your vlogs a lot, but I LOVE these sitdown videos. Happy you made one!
The Google bit at the end was so cute. Lol.
I've miss your chatty videos and your sofa! Welcome back Carrie
Adore how excited you got by the speaker at the end😂
I'd laugh so hard if you received some Coca Cola through the PO box from Oliver XD
You seem so happy and excited to be home and that instantly makes me feel happy just from the vibes you give off, you're amazing 💜💜💜
I want that speaker! Omg omg it's brilliant!
does anyone else think that's the Wednesday lipstick ? xxx
Don't take home for granted is something I've come to realise in the past few weeks. I've been working all over central and Southern Scotland and though I've seen cool places, I find myself craving the little corner of the world I call home and am always super happy to be back 🏠
Carrie kinda speaks and has the vibe of my history teacher! She is so passionate about things
This video really made me smile. I just noticed it when the video was over. It must have been you ;)
So good to see you home Carrie! <3 Missed that big ole purple sofa!
Welcome Home - I don't know how you could be away for so long!  I'd miss my bed too much.  And excellent choice for Google Home to play :)
I just started reading your new book and I CANT WAIT!!
Carrie you are basically my favourite human being and youtuber and my awesome honorary big sister and never let anyone tell you anything mean. Thanks so much for my manual for growing up, All I know now. Keep smiling and keep being......EPIC!!!!!
Why is How to be Happy by Eva Woods not being published till august of next year :,( It sounds so FANTASTIC
How Carrie feels for megan is how I feel for Carrie
The end of this video made me smile so hard 😁
I love my google home!!!!! They are so good!
I love that you mentioned Jonny and Lucy's wedding. Lucy works for Rock Choir which i go to and currently am working towards myself and so i knew Lucy but had no idea she was engaged to Jonny until I saw Gary's photo on Instagram! Such a small world, hope you had a lovely day <3
For a second I thought Carrie had used a green screen because she missed her flat so much.
Carrie, your glasses are SO cute! Sorry if you've answered this before, but where did you get them / what brand /style are they? (Or does anyone else in the comments know? I'm in the market for cuter glasses!)
I just sent a letter in the post to you today! Hope you like it! 😋
I love your t shirt
I don't know what it is but something tells me that Carrie is happy to be home. ;-)
thank you carrie for introducin me to megan jayne crabbe, i'm in tears scrolling through her instagram <3!!!!
I'm sure hundreds of people have already asked this, but what lipstick are you wearing -I need it?! Love the video and I will never take home for granted xx
My hubby got me an Alexa for my birthday back in April. I think he had more fun playing with it than I necessarily did but it's handy for things like setting a timer from the naughty step for my 3 year old lol. Random things I have to do each day lol. Oh that How To Be Happy book sounds kind of sad but that one and the Body Positive ones are going on my Wishlist. Possible purchase once I get through my Book Club book - oh my days it's hard work!
Interesting I have a arc of the same book but it is called Something Like Happy, instead of How to be Happy, weird. I guess in the States and Canada the name is different.
Really loving that lipstick colour. What colour is it? Happy that you get to spend some time at home and I hope you feel better after a sleep in you own bed.
Carrie, just as you feel at home and relieved to be home in the purple flat, watching your videos makes me so much happier. Your videos make me so relaxed and happy and just thank you so so much, love you honorary big sister ❤
Home Is Where The Heart Is
I just came home to my flat after about 2 weeks.. and even though this isn't as long as you've been away from your flat, I can 100% relate to you right now! This is the first video I've watched since I arrived here and it filled me with even more joy about being home :D\nEnjoy this feeling, because I most certainly will!\n\nHave a nice day, Carrie :)\nLots of Love from Munich!
Hi Carrie & all of her lovely followers! I just started a podcast with my best friend called Shipwrecked all about fictional relationships & the fandoms that inspire them! I would love for you to check it out. We have episodes on Sanvers, Bughead, Ezria, Disney, and Dandy so far! Our next episode comes out October 3 all about Ron and Hermione (proud Hufflepuff here!). Anyways, here's the link if you'd like to check us out :) https://itunes.apple.com/ca/podcast/shipwrecked/id1228774307?mt=2
the slight aggression when telling us to follow megan was just great ++ megan is a queen
You're a youtuber Carrie! Youtube is owned by Google that's why!!! lol So cool!
Thank you for the suggestion! I just ordered Megan's book on amazon, should be in tomorrow ;)
Carrie your face when e speaker plays little mermaid is pure joy :) nice to see you home, and as someone else has said you deserve everything as you are the busiest woman I know and I'm a mum to a 3 year old hahahaha. Keep smiling x
Absolutely love your blogs, your performing and your books, girl! And you're a Gryffindor, like me! I wish I could have a voice like yours one day 💖
Carrie!! It's fantastic to see that you're home sweet home.. but I'm also panicking a little as I am coming to watch the Addams Family on Sat and have been really looking forward to seeing you perform. Please please please tell me you'll be back with the cast by then?! Glad you're getting a well earned rest and home visit though, you certainly deserve it xxx 💜 xxx
Welcome home, Carrie! All of these books sound great. I want to read them all.
Ah, I've missed seeing your pretty purple flat! 💜
Book openings are great videos!! As are all of yours xxx
The sheer joy of that speaker when under the sea comes on 😂😂 love this!!!
I was just thinking the other day of how I hoped you'd do another bookish post soon, and here we are! I would gladly watch you talk about books for ages. Definitely ordering the Body Positivity book and How to be Happy. Enjoy your time at home! ♥
I literally react the EXACT same way about Megan, I actually cannot find the words to describe how much of an impact she has had on my life and well being like holy crap, what a fucking incredible human being. I've followed her for just over a year and honestly, she means the world for me. You and Megan are honestly my idols in life, you have both had such a wonderful and incredible impact on my life in SO many ways I will never ever be able to find the words to thank you both.
Home doesn't feel so good when had to give your kitchen to a massive spider and it's not possible anymore to get food from your own fridge.😭
Hi Carrie\n\nI recently watched you in Manchester for the Addams Family U.K. Tour, and I just wanted to say how amazing you were and how much I enjoyed it. Also meeting you after the show made my whole year. You are such an amazing role model and have inspired me so much.\n💜🖤💜🖤💜
Biggest inspiration in my life just now. Thank you Carrie for being your amazing self x
As someone who is going to have to move away from home part time for work, I totally understand how you feel about coming home. I'll be moving within the next two or three weeks, and now every time I go to bed I have a little panic about having to learn to sleep in a different bed.
I love how natural and fun your videos are. This was great. Thanks Lovely.
Luuuuuv you
https://youtu.be/ICiSDqXmWgA
Why is this trending!
KYS
Fabulous 😀
what is your beautiful lipstick shade? <3
I love Megan too, yess!!
Aaaaw I've missed your home videos <3
Foloppy
I'm herre again, Carrie. Hugs inclusive!
💜💜💜💜
Nice
Following Bodyposipanda ✅
You deserve all the happiness in the world carrie. You're such a positive and inspirational person. Whenever im feeling down i watch your videos and they instantly make me so happy. I know that we all have those bad days but you are so beautiful inside and out xxx 💜💜
Would you please be able to talk about what happened with Pete? 🙁
1:10 ¿Alguien más ha visto a la monja detrás de Dembélé cuando se mueve?
Taparse la boca para que los del día después no les entiendan :v
Quédate con la que te abrace como dembele abraza a pique
1:05 cuando ves a la chica que te gusta demasiado cerca de ti :v
Que bueno que el Barça ya no tendrá que lidiar con el padre mafioso de Neymar...
Se le ve muy niño y muy noble que grandd
ese abrazo que le dio a piqué me partió el cora... vamos dembele a romperla
Creo que cuando tenga la edad de Neymar va a ser mas que el
yo creo que le tiene que ser mas facil entender el español que el ingles jajaja y valverde diciendole only back, yes, es un crack dembele
La pantera negra ¡is in the house! 👌
Que lindo, su carita de nervioso excitado, emocionado y tímido ojalá le vaya bien. Y no sea como la puta interesada de Ney. Es el bebé del grupo, hay q cuidarle
Los resultados de Valverde en OPEN ENGLISH 😂😂😂 éxito👌👌
Se ve q no va ser como Neymar q prefiere cagarce de dinero a jugar al buen fútbol, que asco como prefirió irse a un equipo q juega al pelotazo
pinta bien
2:04 ADOPTAME!!! :V se aprece a mi perro negro ojon y patas largas hahahahah
Otro nuevo mejor amigo 😂🤣😂
2:02 lol
ese dembele es muy inosente
Visca el Barça, visca Dembele.
Dembelé 👏🔥
grande copito de nieve :V
#Dembelismo
1:00 hermel del chiringuito se quedo petrificado vio debutar a dembele.
TOCHULETA
GRANDE DEMBELE!!!
Grande Umtiti Delantero!
Tremenda Calidad Mi Negro
Min 1:02 jajajajajaja
dembele anota contra Juve Mañana 🙏
Vamos negro!
Valverde spiki inglish
Que Cool🔝
Jajajaja grande Dembele visca barsa *-*
El Mejor 11
Solo verle coger el balon ya ilusiona
El petrificado JAJAJAJAJA
Vaya roturas va meter este
dd
2:02 quédate con quién te abrace así!
Con todo <3
Buenas sorte🍀 Ousmane Dembele💪👍✌👏 Visca Barça🔵🔴❤💪
pinches jugadores inflados, no valen tanto
¡Grande dembele! un negrito poderoso👏👏👏👏
Dembele Barcelona te quiere
Exelente videoo
Suerte dembélé
pinta bien
jajaja  me causaste  risa  cuando  valverde  lo  agarro  ile  explicó .
Dembele eres un. Crack
2:01 El mejor momento :v
Dembele futuro balón de oro
Sois unos crack!
I❤ O.DEMBELE  NUM 11.❤
Neymar
Apuesto lo que les de suuu puta regalada gana que no miraron la MADRE oh Monja...ni los del dia despues
Neymar le an comido la cabeza el jeque y su padre con los millones y el balon de oro.. pero cuando se de cuenta que solo se acuerdan de el 4 o 5  partidos en Europa  despertara y vera el grave error que ha cometido y en ese momento ya no sera nadie.. ronaldiño 2 ..
Siento que Dembélé nos va a traer cosas buenas :') Viscabarca !!
Yo soy el auténtico Juan García :)
Que le valla muy bien por el bien del fútbol 💪🏻
Estadio lleno lo impresiona? Jajaja el viene del BVB  respeten! La hinchada del BVB siempre va a estar por encima de todas!
0:42 Soy yo o ese señor se parece a Jorge Javier Vázquez?
el va a deslubrar allí , lo q tiene q hacer es jugar nmejor que​ Deulofeu para no perder el puesto
no es mal jugador tan solo , que quieren que ganar lo del payaso neymar , que no sea teatrero
me costo ver la colleja que le pego suarez a pique mientras dembele le abrazaba xd
1:10 una monja con la camiset del barça
ME ACABA DE AVISAR YOUTUBE 13 HORAS DESPUÉS
Nada mal para dembe :v con toda humildad  y cortesía el equipo (y)
Espero que este de titular hoy grande Dembele!
Me encanta ver a dembele cumplir su sueño se le nota en el rostro ;') ojalá que le vaya súper bien y le de muchas alegrías al Barça
Típico primer día de trabajo, todo es confuso pero sale bien
gran fichaje pero no es neymar :c aun no lo supero
la verdad me parecio ver una pantera cuando empezo a correr
El niño cumpliendo su sueño. ☻
Soy del Madrid pero este muchacho me cae bien parece un gran jugador 👍 no como Suárez ese si me da asco 😖
Es en serio lo de la mano en la boca en España?
Este man es un etoo para 10 años
El vídeo que estaba esperando
Neymar tenia esa calidad que tal y cual ... pero este xaval puede dar algoal barca que no tenia y es volver a hacer contras dolorosas
Vamos Dembélé solo tienes que agarrar confianza y luego seras mucho mejor que #neymar.
Ese Paquito Alcacer para lo único que sirve jajaja:v
no mamesss ese wey nomas se le veían los dientes en la banca jajajajajajajajajajajajjajaja
Real Madrid te presento a tu nuevo hijo
Ahora si se la maman.
No era Frederico (el chiringuito) el que estaba en la grada? Haha
Este tio la va a romper!
Apunta maneras este chaval, nos va a dar mas de un disgusto a los madridistas jaja
estoy feliz por el, lo sigo desde el borussia y es un gran jugador, habilidoso con las 2 piernas.
0:10 la primera vez que veo a dembele sonreir
Valverde habla mejor ingles que Gerrard jajaja
Ilusiona bastante este tio, y con solo 20 años... Se esperan grandes cosas de el.
ya  tenemos la  M.S.N,de nuevo....Messi,Suarez,Y el negro..
Parece majillo el chaval, y humilde. A ver si no sale muy cani, aunque siendo negro complicado no serlo.
Nigga rules
El día que se vaya la luz cuando estén en el hotel se le va a ver solo los dientes xd
Dembele new Neymar!!
Soy del Madrid pero sinceramente habéis hecho un gran fichaje. Aunque el precio esta muy desorbitado, pero tengo la sensación de que tenéis jugador para muchos años (hasta que venga el PSG con el money XD)
por favor Qué ha dicho valverde a dembele en el minuto 1:22 ?
*Dempelé!*
Mandriles Esta temporada se la van a chupar a dembele Ya veran.
Suarez porque no abraza a Evra asi?
Your videos are always entertaining and educational. Good work dude.
Come back to channel after ages, beard is looking ThICC man <3
Hey, Matt.  I've been watching this channel ever since your 6th 50 Amazing Facts video.  I love tuning in because not only do I learn something new every time I watch, but I can always get a good laugh out of it, too.  Keep it up.
I know someone who has gorgeous green eyes and their Asian
I have 1 fact ... my balls touch my legs
It's pronounced tems river :p
This channel fell off
Matthew you didn't add your most recent videos at the end
Looking good with that California tan lol
Matt you should make a top 10 worst medieval times torture devices
At the moment you've blown our minds 4.400 times
The first one about the lottery is because us Americans are brainwashed at very young ages to believe in The American Dream, which is bullshit. I believe the vast majority of Americans work hard as fuck and still struggle to pay our bills, like me.
Human body is 37 degrees celsius....so no milk coming out of a cow(also a living thing for those of you who didn't know) being 37.8 is normal and also not crazy hot or whatever.
Also, in Moffat, Scotland you'll find the world's skinniest hotel. Or, we like to think that anyway.
I dont remember a single thing he said
I feel like lottery winners go broke quick unless they are smart about it
I haven't watched him in years but the first thing I noticed is that he grew his beard out... that out of everything else
Uh oh Keem star beard is building\n\n\n\n\nMay God save us from the keemledge whale
As always you make me laugh . Your videos are so entertaining, the information as well as your charisma and your playfull way to do it. Thanks again Matthew.
if your life revolves around your job, you need a real life\nhand soap is a waste of time and money
#48 Bilingual study done in Montreal finds that it's better to be bilingual, shocker... :P
Bonus Fact: The has now told 4,400 facts!
If you did not know, many other european contries were actually way ahead of Norway to use digital radio, but they never turned off the FM. And than stopped ising digital radio, to go back to only rely on FM radio
How do spell the mud ball thing? I want to look it up
2018 will be the first year since 2007 to start on a monday.
Whoever said they wouldn't quit their job if they won the lottery I hate you😑
Guys if you can come check out my channel and subscribe i will sub back lets support each other :)
These videos were made for night owls lol.
I started watching this channel when there were only 19 50 amazing facts.
Just realized why I zone out on all these facts videos. That back ground music is distracting.
Hey Man , you're such a genuine and legit guy and you're my inspiration, thanks for making such awesome and enjoyable videos 😊
450k views in two days with 5 mill subs.  Ohhhhhh dear
Nice to see Matthe still does original content that no other YouTube channels do 😂
Greetings from Norway! Been here since 78k! Love your vids
Why did you go back to the metric system
I love when statistics are given in a huge range like the butterfly scale efficiency. Let me try one - The average house hold income in america is between $1 and $1,000,000,000 (source: because I said it).
#88? Need a new series Matt?
There is a Bearcat?
50 amazing stolen facts, because you can't think of your own ideas.
in 11th grade. i've learned more from him than what school taught me. that's sad lmao
I feel like some of these are from horrible histories!
isnt he the guy that takes those facts word for word off a website ? not sure where i read that tho, or heard that.
I'm an American and a germophobe I knew I couldn't trust those around me to be clean.
You learm something everyday ... Like Matt dosen't know how to pronouce Thames correctly :P  It's not tames, the A sounds like an e so it's tems.
Headache expert? That's a thing?
really Mat? you could have just said a wine barrel can hold 60 gals equivalent to 300 bottles.
Only a slave mentality individual would continue working after a lotto win.
I go home at night and say to my husband, Know what I learned today?  lol he always rolls his eyes but listens anyway.
Lmao I always wash my hands after using the thrones but I mainly just use soap if the water just isn't enough....
These videos must be so hard to make wonder how long he can keep it up
Thanks for the video :)
I'm sorry... the Tame river?
No idea how La La Land wo so many awards. The movie was so shitty
Fact number one: what a sad life....
On behalf of Norway, thanks for shedding more and more light on us, so the world knows we're not dull xD
The way he said St. Louis...
Can't wait what you will create for Halloween! Sweet videos, man!
😵this is jake Paul every like is a kick to his balls\n /|\and one more video of facts\n /\
La La Land won all seven nomination of Golden Globe Awards and yet Moonlight manage to take away Oscar
Hi Matt, so I watched someone react to your abuse story since I couldn't find it from your main channel. And I want to say I am so sorry for what you have experienced. I haven't been in that problematic situation, but I can tell from your voice and the way you acted that it was really bad. And I want to say you have a lot of guts to go out and tell your story. You are a legend, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
SUPRESSORS NOT SILENCERS you literally said it's not possible to silence a gun
Still copying the lists I see
La La Land. Was just Hollywood licking it's own balls.
That cows day is on my birthday
Santoro back it again with face expression! Best Educational video, keep it up!!
Boosted efficient by 16-82%? What kind of statement is that yo....
St Louis is not in Wisconsin
I actually knew about the ultimate penultimate
I show your 50 Amazing Facts vids to my elderly grandparents to make sure their brain stays active.
Matt, your videos have helped me learn so much, they are very educational. Thank you for doing these videos, you are an awesome person, I feel like you are a friend! Your videos get me through a lot of sleepless nights too! ❤️😊👍🏻
you are so smart And also good vids it makes me smarter
My dad stepped on a dead mouse and it literally shit out everything
I kind of need that Roald Dahl dictionary. XD\nThat's is amazing
35meters of hair fiber is produced everyday what?
we Indians also used to make mud balls in our childhood !
Thumbs down for anohter add half way
88 episodes, damn
Yo matt peeps are talking gross stuffs soooo yeahh
Ro-ald Dahl. 😂
Blood doping mice.
I love learning
*cough cough* /watch?v=ysw_Woy3-Ko
My birthday if Feb 18th....
👍👍👍
No.39 not silencers suppressors
Oha Diyorum Fırat aq
Great Video!!!But that's nothing new
I love your videos, but I do have a correction for this one (just because I know you love these facts and I'm sure you pride yourself on getting as much information as you can).\nThe Inca were not around 6000 years ago (they existed from about the 13th century until they were conquered in 1572); their ancestors (of which there were many tribes ethnically and culturally different than the Inca) would have first domesticated alpaca
I can't wait until number 100! Your the best
your face is boring
King tut is pronunced T-uh-t
It's Tems, not Tame
Matts head is brighter than my future 😄
Bored after fact 1
THAMES is pronounced tems \nSincerely angry British duck
St.louis? #3 wrong
Do more Canadian facts
37.8 degrees celcius is approx. body temp... so.... yeah...
MATT you should shave buddy.
Thames is pronounced Tems
Thank you for calling the Hurricane tech support my name is John Smith,  how may i help you today 
So it's coming back to Florida
I think this here is alot similar to this..https://goo.gl/mwV2MN
OcEaN mAn\nTaKe Me By ThE hAnD
I swear in this thumbnail I can see a fetus.
Good luck to anyone out there
The worst hurricane in history, who supports UP ➡ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvxaPViT1AY
Why are y'all depending on me and my son? I can't stop these hurricanes because it's the act of mother nature, not me. I don't control the weather, the weather controls itself.
i just hope nobody passes away, animals and people, otherwise i don't care it all about this ;)
Follow me on instagram ill follow back IG:obeyobed trying to get 100 https://www.instagram.com/obeyobed/
He was right it did but only for hours
This storm is a monster, thank god I live in the midwest
Come on Naruto leave Japan and use your Rasenshuriken on the storm! 😍
STAND BACK THERE'S A HURRICANE COMING THROUGH!
I'm trying to buy stuff and this is going on http://www.ebay.com/itm/253144927782
It looks like a fetus.
this is all trumps fault, great job merica!!!
all the news people are like bummed out because it lost power and didn't destroy enough.
And end to humanity. We need more of these hurricanes. Too many people in this world.
THE HURRICANE OF PEACE STRIKES AGAIN!!... GO BACK WHERE YOU CAME FROM!!  THIS IS AMERICA!!!
Yhdjrg
JESUS LOVES YOU.  HE is the ONLY and LIVING GOD. He Wants to help you. He is your Savior. If you are tired of everything, pray to Him. He will hear and answer you. HE IS YOUR FATHER....
9/11 it's a cursed day.
<<~~~please subscribe me guys. Thank u very much
🔥🔥Go check out my new HURRICANE IRMA EVACUATION VIDEO ON MY CHANNEL @LIL CHIDO🔥🔥 HERE'S THE LINK-https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=ktUI-cLJAL0
Praying for anyone in Florida 😭🙏
@BenMC -  This is bull crap - Maybe in the islands but not in Florida. My kid is in Naples getting hit hard right this minute but no deaths have been reported except before the storm in the US he fell off a ladder... So where did all these people die at and did they drown or get hurt. I don't want to see your video because it is a bunch of lies if you claim that 1,000's of people died in Florida - THAT IS A LIE - TOTAL LIE - 1000's are not dead!
This is why we can't have nice things
Why don't we just all turn our fans to face Irma?
Al has been through at least a million hurricanes. He was on Sesame Street in the 90s...
I WISH YOU GUYS ALL THE BEST 😞🇬🇧
This is just heartbreaking I have my best best best best friends sisters down in Florida they count escape
It is the perfect body scanner app to make a joke to your friends.\nThe usage of body scanner app camera is so much simple that everyone can use Body Scanner Prank.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bodyscannerrealcameraclothscannerprank2017&hl=en
hurricane will destroy japan country flooded.
All of his acting in the Sharknado movies are really coming in handy now.
And the lord will rain down snakes and alligators to show what the world is really full of.
Check mi canal and see videos news of hurricane irma and others 👍🏻suscríbanse
Watch my latest video!! I slammed my friend really hard!! Guarantee you’ll laugh!!
It's a sign of the times.
Fake news just sat it out on my back porch north Tampa lots of wind some rain maybe a category 1
Category 3 horrible right......Look at him no rain coat short sleeves no water on him anywhere....
It's so wired to wear two watches
What if the storm is alive and knows where to go.
Im not trying to make fun of the victims of the hurricane but i just reallllllyyyy wanted him to say good afternoon al roker here and i am here to tell you that the sharknado storm is goin into a category 4
Did you see the cover pic? It was Hurricane Irma Fetus.
Someone tell me why this boy has two watches
A hurricane has never hit the mainland of the US and then proceeded to get stronger. They're blowing this whole thing out of proportion, nothing to totally freak out about
Dose anyone know if it will hit Atlanta?
It's not slowing down because it hit Cuba. Our desk fans are actually blowing the hurricane with enough force to push it :)
why is this considered my hw if i live in ny.....
And I'm dying cuz of how hot it is here in Arizona..
Just what Florida/Tampa needs. Hope everyone finds a safe place to stay while Irma passes.
the reason they hype this up is so the people in Florida would take it serious and evacuate if needed. Better safe than sorry
Daum my aunt irma is mad at the white folks in florida for deining her legal residence😂😂😂
MSNBC = FAKE NEWS \ngreen screen used
Pathetic...
https://youtu.be/uSS8LV89fpc\n\nHurricane
Could reenergize = get the haarp machine ready
Who came from trending?
No
#PLAYFORFLORIDA SPREAD THE WORD!
Harvey's girlfriend...
Thumbnail looks like a fetus
Poor polar bears 😭
A
lol
Fake news!
Fake news!
Death to America
Sooo... No to kite flying?
re-engergize 😂😂😂😂
L.
Hope everyone is safe
thats not a hurrycane
Learn how to spell energise!
Below me... blow me ahaha
Re-Engergize....
Climate Change Reality? https://youtu.be/Eq5kFiWTTIM
https://m.soundcloud.com/twitchtwitch865/switchin-sides
https://www.newegg.com/Product/ProductList.aspx?Submit=ENE&N=1065659077&ShowDeactivatedMark=False&IsNodeId=1&sstore=1
Fuzzy puss catapiller
I'm praying for Huston
ENERGY DEPLETING MUST RE-ENERGIZE \n\nBEEP BOOP BEEP BOOP.
Z
Flarida
Hahahaa
Learn numbers
Engergize...
To all of you people abandoning your pets to die, I hope you lose everything you have in this hurricane. I hope you suffer as much or more than them. You are all evil... so you reap what you sow!
I only care about the animals, if you leave your pet you didn't really love them
Y'all heard about the EVACULATION that's going on?
Natural disasters strike the lands where unworthy rulers reign. Dump Trump.
*Hurricanes do not re-energize once it makes landfall. Just another fake news report from MSNBC to install more fear in their viewers so they can gain higher ratings.*
Now cut to the part where all the blacks are looting the foot locker.
Stop fear mongering
FAKE NEWS
Fake
Engineered storm!
Storm lame asf
The winners: Stores, gas stations owners and looters.\nThe losers: The media and everyone who left their homes...whom believe that Florida would be 15 ft under water.
maybe it was difficult to hear, but you need to use the NTSC - U version of mario 64. it doesn't work on the other ones.\nalso, if you need help, go ask the discord server, someone in there will probably be wanting to assist you.
nintendo just blocked it right now!
Is sharing star count possible?
how can i play de prop hunt mode ???
I used the site called whatismyipadress, tried it and somehow worked and noticed that the save and load (F5+F6) has a 50-50 chance of working or not. I dont know if for those who do the hard af portfowarding or use hamachi or tungle when testing the save and load also get that 50-50, if true then a huge part of the why this sh!t doesnt work is because of that.
Can you post a download link to your rom?
Hey, I've got a bit of a problem, I can't get the connect to server or create server button to light up. I'm running Project 64 1.6 with Mario 64 NTSC running, but I can't click connect to server for some reason.
what emulator are you uusing in the vid
dont understand this at all .-.
how do I download it, it keeps giving me problems
can someone please tell me how to open the sm64 online tool?
No connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it
do you need to save the file
is this only windows i have mac
how do you change characters?
I NEED HELP GETTING A ROM IT NEVER WORKS PLEASE HELP
what version of pj64 youre using?
When I choose any character other than Mario, the game freezes. How can I fix this?
I am having a hard time finding a NTSC-U version of SM64
why wont it work on 2.0
We tried hard, but we couldn't set a working server because we couldn't connect. Why?
I don't know how to open the online tool after running the rom on the project64 emulator.
Do I need to connect my N64 to a router?
Where i find the IP Adress?
You should put sonic and link in as playable characters
U earned a sub thanks big time
which side do i download the sm64 rom?
please make it for super smash brothers!!!
I just gained the power of tinnitus by watching this video
i cant open the tool help
where did all the super mario 64 roms go?
for me it doesnt say logged in any help ?
does it work on OS X?
Can two people play on the same PC? Is it possible?
Hey Kaze, for a newer version of the hack, add a goomba and sanic (SONIC) tnx
Sm64 online test doesn't show up and I can't find an ntsc u rom of the game how do I fix that
This is cool and all, but it's kinda hard to find servers that are online...
how did you get the game to on it doesnt show up :(((((((((((((
can it be on mac?
If you're hosting a server, this worked for me:\n1.) Open an instance of the SM64O.exe\n2.) Use your 192.168.x.x ip addess\n3.) Check create server box.\n4.) Click create server.\n\nNow open another instance of the SM64O.exe, but this time you will not check the create server box you'll just be joining your own server created with the first instance of the executable. Select your player and click Join server. \n\nGo the to select file menu > System > Save > F7 \n\nYou'll be running two instances of the SM64O.exe \n** Take note that you'll need to port forward port 8000
how i can get the IP of my friend?
Is anybody else getting non-textured (black) characters?
*TUTORIAL IF YOU'RE HAVING ISSUES (Read all first and then start doing it so there will be no errors):*\n- Download Project 64 1.6 <-- USE THE 1.6 VERSION (Emulator)\n- Download Super Mario 64 (U) [!].zip (the USA ROM file (the game))\n- Download Super Mario 64 Online 1.2 (the tool to play online)\n- Download Hamachi (It creates virtual rooms o you won't need any portforwarding using your real IP)\n~~~~~~~\n- Create a room in Hamachi, give the room name and the password to your friend(s). With hamachi you won't need portforwarding\n- Open the Super Mario 64 Online 1.2, leave it open for now, but don't do anything\n-  Open Project 64 1.6\n- Click File > Open \n- Choose the ROM zip file (or if its extracted, choose the .z64, .n64 or anything that has 64 on the extension)\n\nAlright, so the game is loaded, now you're going to:\n- Options > Settings > Rom Settings > Memory Size > *Change it to 8mb (it is 4mb by default)*, click OK\n- Press Start (default Enter) so you can go to the savefile selection of Mario (The yellow screen that you select the gamefile)\nWe're done configuring the emulator (PJ64 1.6) So let's go to the server part\nGo back to Super Mario 64 Online 1.2\n\n~~~~~~~~\nIF YOU'RE GOING TO HOST AND CONNECT (Always choose the one that has the best internet):\n- Copy your own *IPv4 Address* of Hamachi\n- Paste on IP Address \n- Leave the port at 8000\n- Choose the Max Players that you want on your server\n- Mark Create Server? Option\n- Select your player\n- Click Create Server\n- The firewall may show up, mark all the options and allow the program to do it's thing\n- Go back to the emulator\n- Go to System > click Save\n- Wait 2s\n- Go to System > click Restore\n- Enter on the first savefile on Mario\n- Have fun\n(It's not showing up LOGGED IN anymore, don't worry)\n~~~~~~~~\nIF YOU'RE ONLY GOING TO CONNECT\n- Copy your host friend's *IPv4 Address* of Hamachi\n- Paste on IP Address \n- Leave the port at 8000\n- Select your player\n- Click Connect to server\n- The firewall may show up, mark all the options and allow the program to do it's thing\n- Go back to the emulator\n- Go to System > click Save\n- Wait 2s\n- Go to System > click Restore\n- Enter on the first savefile on Mario\n- Have fun\n(It's not showing up LOGGED IN anymore, don't worry)\n\nHope this helps.
maybe its easier to connect with your friends via hamachi ?
when I try to connect to 127.0.0.1:8000 to test it, it says that my computer is actively blocking it or something?
I can't connect the game
My SM6O.exe application downloaded but refuses to open, any way you could help?
What's the bitrate you use for OBS?
does it works with android n64 emulator?
Yeah. I can't get it to work. Guess I'm dumb. I give up.
Help?\nI want to play with my brother. We're on the same router but idk how?
Any chance Hamachi would work here in place of port forwarding?
So what if the game doesnt even come up
And what if the game doesnt even pop up
when i create a server SM64 Online Tool says Failed to open project 64
using ntsc-u version and set memory to 8MB.\nThe client freezes when trying to connect to the server, is this supposed to happen?
Can we play it on Android?
how do you no what IP address  is
Am I the only one here who can hear the high pitched sound?
i cant find the fucking ntsc rom anywhere
Yup that's it, and that's all you need to kn-<end>
IPs to servers that are working or a thread / discord where I can talk to people playing?
It keeps saying your emulator is not running. Plz some1 help
No connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it
i cant find the online rom :/
server ip: 172.0.0.1 , port 8000 , base address 3FBD0000 . come join me, im the blue toad
Can I do this on android tablet?
is it possible  to run multiple project64  with sm640 on a single pc? lets say you create server, then connect 3 project 64 to your own server? :)
CAN U play on Android?
Farewell darksouls, this is my bae now
HELP when my friend tries to connect it says could not connect to server as an exception occured. HELP
for some reason my online tool doesn't work
So do you just create a ip address or do you put a certain one in
But you can't get a rom of super mario 64
Thank goodness that this doesn't (seem to) get as complicated as making a Minecraft server.\nOiy.
Thanks so much for making this amazing mod! It's the best thing on the internet, you are a genius!! I've had so many laughs and so much fun with this and it made my day :) definitely subscribed!
Is it possoble to play on phoune
Where can I find the tutorial to start this game? When I try to start SM64O.exe, it shows only SM64 Online Tool v1.2
We have posted about your fanmade game! Fantastic! http://distrita.com/play-super-mario-64-online-with-friends-right-now/ Continue and we hope that many supports you. This is really well made!
Can you use this for local multiplayer as well? Anyone know at all?
Its Rar. I dont know, but once i download it. it stops working. Windows 7
*Mistake in your Video:* In your video you save System -> Save and then System -> Load but you also say it's F7, which is actually Restore and not Load. So what is it now? If I click Load it brings up a window asking me to select a file. When I press F7, nothing happens apart from it restoring it from the point it was a few seconds ago.
does this work with the newer version of project64?
Failed to open Project64!
Mac?
¿android?
subscriber back
Io mi sono iscritto ricambi e metti un like al video e ti iscrivi al.mio canale
do you click hazel.ddl ?
The fuck...? Nice, dude :D
english subtitles?
help i use bizhawk
wow, that's awesome
as un tutoria como abrir puertos >:v
video que no explica nada
ALGUNA IP PARA JUGAR?? O COMO LE HAGO? -.- :v
The Online Tool dont work :(\nI use the Project64 Emulator. That works fine with Super Mario 64.\nBut if i want to Create an server with the online tool, then i get this error message:\nCould not connect/start server: Der zugriff auf einen socket war aufgrund der zugriffsrechte des sockets unzulässig\nGoogle Translate: Could not connect/start server: The access to a socket was prohibited due to the access rights of the socket\n\nI did try it with the 127.0.0.1 IP Adress and with my Hamachi IP Adress, but same error.\n\nAnd if want to join a server of a friend, then i get this error message:\nCould not connect/start server:\nEin Verbindungsversuch ist fehlgeschlagen, da die Gegenstelle nach einer bestimmten Zeitspanne nicht richtig reagiert hat, oder die hergestellte Verbindung war fehlerhaft, da der verbundene Host nicht reagiert hat 25.89.232.113:8000\nGoogle Translate: A connection attempt failed because the remote is not responding properly after a certain period of time, or because the connected host has not responded, the warp has failed.\n\nHe is in my hamachi network and i´m in his hamachi network. But it dont work\nI hope that somebody can help me/us.. :(
None of teh emulator is use even have those advance settings only the normal once
This is probably a reallu stupid question. Do you need the game to play the online version or not?
Wow you losers are still playing super mario 64... Get a life and grow up and move out of your parents basement please.
But... what if you needed to open it on while stuck on an incline?
and thats my boring video of the day\n\n#42 on trending, grats
it's for when you accelerate....so shit doesn't shoot out the door. all that fwd Honda civic G force you get on the launch
Thats actually a really cool little feature. If you had something with some weight in there, like a phone, a sock full of coins, or a lead pig. They'd probably overcome the spring-loaded door and slide out under heavy acceleration (especially up a hill).\nCheers for sharing your find, man.
This is for when the car accelerates.  Have you ever had something on your dash and started out real fast, everything gets dumped on the floor.  This weight when the car accelerates quickly will cause the door to be held shut preventing everything inside from coming out.
What an utterly pointless video. This deserved some recognition?
It's for when you have something with a bit of weight to it stored in there (mobile phone, etc), so it wont come flying out on steep hills, accelerating, etc.
Then you park on a hill and realise you cant get your smokes out...
LMFAO... and when you stick your cigarettes and wallet in that box then park on a hill...LOL  yes this did happen. 1995 Rodeo.  I removed the door FOREVER...
K WE GOT IT IN 20 SC. NO NEED TO GO ON.
That was actually brilliant.
Hey genius, it's to prevent stuff from flying out when you ACCELERATE.\n\nYou really think they would put a locking mechanism for when the car is tilted backwards??
Jesus H. Christ in heaven above fuck me in the ass. Why are there so many negative comments about shaking and dropping? I didn't have a single problem with the video and thought it was very interesting. Shut the fuck up!
700 people cannot hide their drugs in there anymore.
Can't fit your hand in there because it is made to hold CD cases, not 'stuff'.  Don't you hate when the quarter you just really need is sitting back there and you can't get it out? [Insert dropping and smashing sounds here...]
i wish they would have done somthing like this mirrior under the sun visor. the dam lid would fall down. eventually got pissed amd ripped it off ass a cop was parked next to me.
Just think of the engineer, or team there of, that is soaking up a free paycheck to overthink simple problems. Why simply use a stronger spring that holds the door closed when you can spend hours making a stupid fail safe for a junk compartment!
There's a similar feature on tripods that will hook your camera from falling off... It also prevents shakes and rattling.
and if you park uphill you can't  access whats inside?!
I Jared,\nMy name is Johanna and I work for a video production company called StoYo Media. We would like to publish video in a story. Of course we would mention you as owner of the content and make your name visible in the video. \nMany thanks\nJohanna
this would have been a good video except your camera work. Please put your phone on a tripod next time you want to make a boring video of the day. \nShaky video is worse than Portrait video
Here's to engineers
You're a nerd.
the guy holding a camera acts like retard, so annoying
So if the cars upside down....it shuts the box?
I'll bet it's super annoying to have it lock up in San Francisco.
When going up a hill, that locks the door and stops anything that may slide inside from sliding out and flying across the car. So in essence, that is a time saver, because it saves you the time you'd have taken to clean that mess up.
If you are getting towed the guy can't steal your spare credit cards and cash etc....
People in San Fran be like duh.
Could you stop hitting the thing on the table. I don't know if it's on purpose but man is it annoying.
Ok this is cool but what's the code for my fuckin radio?  It just decided I need a code so now no music.
STOP moving the camera around so much, you idiot fuckstick.
Are you really this stupid?
552k views. Not even 200 subscribers. What
It's on the Suburu Baja as well....actually, it's probably on all Suburus
For when dat vtech kick in yo \n\nDon't want homie dawgs weed flyin bout da car when u takes off real fast out da KFC drive tru in the civic u n yo boys just stolt from da white mans down da street.
One of the many tiny things the engineers came up with that was kept in the design!
Shit, now I gotta go to my car.
How many times can he drop it shake and drop it again, I thought he was showing a video on how durable it was.
It's the little things in life 🤣
OMG stop slamming SH!T on the table!
You should notice a small, useful device called a tripod.
It's probably a part of the safety features for accidents. Whatever is in the compartment during a crash would overcome the spring loaded door and become a lethal projectile. The weight would lock the door during an impact. Just a guess
When your laptop is worth more than your car
It so when you have heavy stuff in it and you floor it, the thing doesn't dump all your crap out. Not for hills. It's a honda, not a Jeep genius.
When your boring video of the get becomes trending
Wow, worst camera work ever. I've know squirrels with near fatal meth addictions that had a steadier hand with the camera. This was impossible to watch after about 7 seconds in.
That's so rice
That must be a feature to stop a-holes from fumbling through all their crap while driving. It probably locks when the car hits a certain speed too not just uphill.
It doesn't keep the door from opening on its own. It keeps YOU from opening the door. Certainly not a feature I'd like to discover when I really need to get into the cubby.
Japanese engineering. The best in the world
Alternate title is ape manhandles car part.
Jared, Roger here saying hello! Aka Klasse Act aka The Striped SVT. John S sent me your vid here, hope all is going well with you....subscribed!
Wow genius, how about we take a look at the rest of the car where there's 100 things that are much more impressive.
Its to keep it from flying open in a rearend collision. Good try though.
This guy hit the jackpot. Only had 120 subs, is on trending and gets 466k views
Maybe has something to do with the door opening slowly and smoothly? :/
I'd find that really frustrating if I lived on a hill and that damn lock kept making getting my stuff out after I parked difficult to get out.
Who else is watching this after reading the Mashable tweet ?
So fucking what? If it was constantly flying open everytime you drove uphill, it would be a major design flaw. Is this a video to amaze retards or something?
Lmao he's not a professional YouTuber!  Y'all watching Casey neistat and expecting everyone to give a shit about video quality! He's just a nice man who was trying to share something cool! Keep bein groovy Jared!
be me, own POS 2003 CIVIC hand-me-down. Always have to park on uphill slope when I get home from minimum wage job....can't open goddamn storage unit if I'm not level, so needless to say I often have to leave valuables behind until the next day to retrieve.   One day I leave my prized anime cards behind after forgetting to open latch during a level straight away.  Park near studio apartment.  Storage unit is rendered useless.   Cards are in the car overnight.   That night there is a BLM protest on my block.  Car gets set ablaze.  Cards are gone forever.   \nGet on youtubes to find solace, comfort and maybe some seductively soothing ASMR.....instead find a fidgety dork honoring the Honda engineers for this this blatant quality control oversight.   \nDecide to take pills and wait for the sweet release of death.  This will be my final post.   RIP in peace, me.
Everyone in the comment section needs to chill. He's holding a large, clunky object with his non dominant hand so he can hold the camera. So what if he's a little clumsy.
pick it up and throw it around five hhundred more times
but what if you park on a hill and need to get something out of there?
It's there to lock the door in case of a rear end collision.
cool..ya coulda made this video about a minute and a half shorter tho just sayin
I am not sure I understand correctly:\nIt sounds like you cannot open it when you are parked at a hill?
my honda crv has this as well. couldnt really figure a use for it when i had my dash apart a saw it so i just taped it so it wouldnt lock. never thought of hills though!
Check put my channel for some cool car videos :)
Wow mind blown wow I'm going to put one on my dick now so it always hangs straight
another neat feature of Hondas is garbage airbags they subcontracted - they replaced my airbags three times TWICE FOR THE DRIVER'S SIDE. i drove a car with a faulty safety system for a freaking decade. done w Honda
What if you park up hill and you want to get your shit out of there but you cant cuz it locked it self? Does now seem very ingenious now lol
Some engineer at Honda must be really happy rn
A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks...\n\nDad, can't you just use a sponge?
mmm, neat.
JALOPNIK is here :D http://jalopnik.com/this-one-little-engineering-detail-is-a-great-reminder-1803758960
666 dislikes
Wow dumb asf
Idk if im amazed or bored??
What amazingness. Hail Trump for this goodness!
Extra horsepower
rip Honda
good ole honda
Lol
Nifty
vosprung japanese technikk
The little bye at the end puts this video over the cringe meter, if it wasn't over it already.
Mine got stuck yesterday morning and I can't get my fucking keys out !!! Without pulling out the dash!!!! WTF!!! Had to Uber to school!!!!
If it deserved noticing you'd find the person who designed it, but you didn't. You just want people to see how smart you are, like a typical redditor.
So for everyone who had one of these and could never figure out why they wouldn't open up while accelerating or driving uphill. Let's all do a 1 minute silence in their memories.
You are shit at filming man.
Its not for hills,but  mostly parkings i think.
you should click clack drop and bang that thing around a few more times in your next video
One hand recording makes me rage....uggghhh
got confused by instructions of operation. DiCK gets stuck on box when going uphill.
Really? 😒
0:32 deduce, not deduct
How is this trending
this vid makes me angry for some reason ..
Does failure count...what is the embodiment of failure...me 45 years from now having failed and completely given up.
I think it wouldnt turn into anything for me he would drop me in the ocean untill im scared shitless then he eats me as a sea creature or something but can he do that idk
My understanding of IT taking the form of Pennywise, at least based on the Tim Curry adaptation, was because typically Clowns were enjoyed. So IT would use the clown to get close and entice people to let their guard down. Which is kind of what happened in the first film adaptation where the little girl hears Pennywise laugh and she even smiles. It's not that people feared clowns so much as it was easier to set them up before knocking them down as a clown rather than say... the creature from the Black Lagoon.
Fat kid Snow White that Bitch in the sewer, he still doesn't get the fucking girl, I'm just like wtf this kid has the deepest bond with the girl,  none of the bonds were that deep but the fat kid had the deepest
I didn't think the kiss was too cheesy since I saw it coming. In Bev's room, there are a few fairytale storybooks laying around. I think it was supposed foreshadow that she longed for a happy ending. It also shows how her father controlled and tried to see her as a his little girl ...
Either a xenomorph from alien, or the creeper from jeepers creepers.
Beverly's dad - he was telling Beverly you are my ____? What is the blank??
The answer is cocaine man the answer is cocaine
A giant spider. Just like the end of the miniseries. Freaked me the fuck out. Clown. Spider. Yep. I was, like, 10 I first some bits of that movie. Haha.
I can't wait for the sequel in which of bunch of kids are afraid of their iPhones breaking. That is the epitome of fear if that happened to a kid today.
I think a punch from Jeremy Jahns would scare me the most...\nThat guy got some serious practice.
Of course Demonic Hauntings are real...the Fan4stic movie
Hope they get seth green in the second one
I, too, subscribe to the fear makes them taste better theory thus far.
It would probably turn into commitment somehow
Movie was fine, not as good as I think everyone was making it out to be. I was expecting something on the level of The Conjuring but got something on the level of Mama, the director's previous film.\n\nThe biggest problem was too many underdeveloped characters. You could take Mike, Stanley, and Ritchie out of the film and it would have changed absolutely nothing to the story. Also the added conflict with Henry at the end literally went nowhere and added nothing to the plot.\n\nThey should've spent more time developing the characters and showing us how their fear relates to their characters, such as Bill being afraid that Georgie is dead, rather than having a spooky scene with Pennywise every five minutes so the audience doesn't get bored!! Stanley being chased by a painting or Ben chased by a headless person could have been taken out to actually give us more about their characters so we feel for them when Pennywise does attack them. \n\n7.5/10.
welcome to the loser club motherfucker!
If pennywise wanted to scare me he'd looked like like the people from Strangers holding a knife :(
It would turn into me.
they should make the new it when the actors are 27 years older
You should make a podcast of you just talking about movies
After the scene in the garage I heard someone in the theater start crying, it was hilarious
IT wouldn't even know what to turn into. I am afraid of so many things, he would be so flustered like how bout i just go through a bunch of them and you tell me when to stop and we will go with that.
I want Tj Miller to be grown up Richie
6/10\n\nopening scene was awesome\nrichie was on top gun 5/5\npennywise was 2/5 creep factor 5/5 cool mlg cool factor.\nas a book reader, ill give it 3,2/5
For me, IT would turn into high school. Yeesh...
The scariest thing for me is a clown. I saw that movie cause my friends begged me and I made them pay for me cause no way in hell was i going to waste money to torture myself. If I say that clown in real life best believe I'm running to Alaska and never coming back
I literally want an IT in my life just to see what scares me the most because I have nooo idea
'IT' would turn into something that is incomprehensible and horrific with inhuman movements. cause for some reason that shit freaks me the fuck out. So, Lady Gaga?
Mike Tyson in his prime... tell\nMe you wouldn't be scared shitless if mike Tyson in his prime tried to kill you
You Jeremy IT would turn into you
It would turn into commitment for me
If you know what it is, don't tell me, don't ruin it for me. Did you really just say this in a spoiler video? About a brand new movie? You are posting spoilers for a brand new movie. But don't want anyone spoiling a 30 year old book for you. My mind is boogled...or boggled....or booboggled..... IT is an alien by the way...don't look into the light....
I've said this before, but here goes: If a movie takes its source material from another movie or TV show, it would be considered a remake. If a movie takes its source material from a book, it would be considered an adaptation. I hope this sorts out any confusion for people who think IT is a remake of the mini series from 1990. Quite a few people also didn't realise that IT (1990) was a mini series and not a movie.
My fear is either spiders or the girl from the ring
Also why did the painting lady look just like mom from Mamá
Not sure, really...I'd say a shark would probably be a good option for IT.
It would be cool if chaper 2 was released 27 years later with the same cast.
No lie, It would become the Xenomorph if it wanted to eat me
Jeremy, When you finish the book, I want a book to movie review. And my fear is a spoiler for the book...
Also... it would turn into freshly bloomed lotus pods.. id be so busy throwing up and crying that he'd be able to capture me
I thought it was gonna be more gruesome cause that first scene kinda set that expectation so when saw no other deaths like that occurred I was like Oh, well...alright then...
IT comes back as Micheal Jackson... RIP to me🏃🏼💨
Pinhead  from hellraiser, that will be my worst nigthmare.
Thats a nice line up for a gangbang :3
Once you finish the book, can you do a Spoiler Review of It?:)
Joseph Gordon Lovett would be interesting it see
This movie was way too cheesy for me, not scary at all, and the cgi was terrible, and I've already seen this plot done 1000 times, I think it's over rated
This movie did a good job frightening me up until the scene with Beverly's father after that I spent the rest of the movie wanting to kill him myself
To answer your question honestly, as a kid it would have been a swarm of wasps or yellow jackets. When I was 8 I went outside to play one day while my brother and another kid from the neighborhood threw rocks at a hive of yellow jackets. The yellow jackets attacked them and when they ran across the street in my direction I was stung several times. Didn't know it at the time but I was allergic to bee stings, this caused me to swell up bad and be admitted to the hospital. Up until the time I was in high school I had a huge fear of bees and the thought of being stung again. I outgrew it and faced my fear but during the age those kids were it would have been that.
The kiss actually was more like the book. Fighting IT is just like the horror. It scares you with what you're scared of... and It can be fought with things you believe would work... so the belief of waking the girl with a kiss is certainly a thing like the kid would believe and so it worked. This was a MAJOR theme they did a TERRIBLE job of presenting in the film.
The creature from the black lagoon does not kill a bully he kills an abused kid but other than that you are right about him being the creature the whole time. I can't wait till you see what IT really is !!!!!! Sorry the book nerd in me just came out :-D
i don´t think that the reason Pennywise did not killed Beverly was because she was not scared, i think that it had to do with the fact that he realized that she is not longer a kid, because right before he was going to killed her he smelled something, it It was supposed to only eat kids at this point, or at least that is what i felt like for me
I LOVED THIS MOVIE!!!!!!. I literally HATE horror movies. But oh my godddd I was SO creeped out by this movie! I was grabbing my boyfriend's arm the whole time and squeezing it,when usually in a horror movie I'm like YAAWWWNNNN. \n\n\nI give this a 9.8 out of 10.
the reason beverly woke up from the kiss was because she was afraid on unconsented sexual relations from her father which was the only thing she feared more than pennywise, however when ben kissed her she wasn't afraid because it was out of actual love compared to her father and it kind of broke the 'tripping balls' state she was in.
Better than the Original
Glad to hear you're reading the book, when you finish it can you do a video on it. Thatd be dope
I swear when they do the sequel to It I can totally see Amy Adams playing the grown up version of the red headed girl in this movie
The pharmacy scene where Beverly says the man looks like Clark Kent & he says she's lois lane and everyone in the cinema just cringed and went ew
If you add a bit of film grain to your backgrounds it would get rid of the banding, or some slight noise ~ probably make your videos look cleaner
I would totally love to see you review the book. Have fun with the ending for part 1.
Pretty sure this movie gave me PTSD on top of my PTSD\nFucking awesome movie though
I heard it wasn't that good. I heard the IT character really wasn't that scary. Not only that, it gives no explanation as to why this creature has to come out and feed every 27 years.  Any of the other decent horror movies atleast has a reason why they do what they do. Freddie was killed in a furnace, Krampus exists to teach bad children a lesson. What is IT's reason? And if he's a spider again, that's going to be soooo fucking lame! :P
it would turn into taxes or an empty bank account 😔
I am legitimately afraid of fame (no really, I'm actually serious. Not having your own privacy ever again, being stalked by some overly crazy fans to where you feel like your life is threatened, people thinking they have the right to your image, eyes following your every move, taking pictures, not sure whether people love you for the fame or for yourself, never able to be just another face in the crowd again, etc. It's all very terrifying and awful to me. I would work hard my whole life to never be famous).\n\nSo would that mean _It_ would show up in the form of Lady Gaga and tell me I'm going on tour with her?
Pretty sure Jeremy just said the word it a thousand times lol
The kid from stranger things was amazing in this
Georgie was afraid of the dark... Not clowns. That's what IT killed him
I don't know if my expectations were way too high after seeing all the praise this movie got but man I was so disappointed after seeing this movie. Like it was just so painfully average and cliched throughout the whole movie. Like nothing even happens in it. They see Pennywise, he runs at the camera, next scene. Then they go down the well, hit it with sticks for like 10 minutes and that's it. I dunno man maybe I'm missing something but for me personally, this movie is getting way too much praise. Like not a bad film by any means, just very average.
From what I know, IT took the form of Pennywise to lure children and to eat them, hence his behavior towards Georgie.\n\nIt's possible also that IT just loved the form of Pennywise, considering everyone by some degree don't like clowns.
IT would have to turn into me...
@jeremyjahns what did you think of goergies death scene? I personally was so creeped out. could barely look
Jeremy, would you consider doing a review of the IT novel when you've finished reading it?
Is it capable of turning into the ocean? Or extreme heights? \n\nI mean, there's also wasps and stuff, but that's not really fear-for-my-life kind of stuff.
It's funny you say Amy Adams, I kept thinking that girl looks a lot like her the whole movie
And I'm pretty sure It would turn into my closest people hurt by me, or something else I'd rather not share with random people.
This movie was a comedy
omg i immediately thought of pennywise as a boggart too!!
I honestly hope they don't get a bunch of stars for the sequel and they just find the right actors
No no no, Amy Adams better not be in the sequel. She ruined Louis Lane but she better not ruin Beverley.
Nothing, I don't get that scared.
I enjoyed this take on the movie but it was a Comedy.\nI didn't find this penny wise as terrifying as Tim Currys.\nAnd I didn't understand why his head kept getting bigger I some scenes.\nThe George scenes was good and I didn't think they would go there.\nAnd l believe the George and bill truly loved each other the as for the friends.\nIt was bull, no friend that are bought together by bullies would act like that towards each other.\nAlso spinning the camera or shaking the camera doesn't make this the most terrifying movie you will see this year.\nWell I hope not or the horror genre is done.\nI rate this comedy 7/10.
Mike was supposed to be the historian but they gave his important role to the fat kid. I preferred the book because he was one of the few black characters in fiction given development, racism in the 80s was addressed, and he wasn't stereotypical, but in this movie they tokenized him.
Was that the creature in rudolf the red nosed reindeer?  The bumble?  I saw that as a kid and it seriously freaked me out.  It scared me.  The stop motion added to the creep factor.  For me it was something that stuck in my head for years afterwards.  Now at 49 its still creepy and yeah I wouldn't want to see it in a dark alley.
A whale, it would turn into a whale and i'll die isntantly
YES! A boggart is immediately what I thought of when they started incorporating their individual fears. I can't help but wonder if JK Rowling read this at some point and that's how the idea of a boggart formed.
Pennywise's friendliness is basically like a shield. It only works once, before your cover's blown.
the worst thing that IT could be is to shape shift into is Chris stuckman wearing a jeremy Jahns disguise trying to give a movie review on as good as jeremy jahns but failing horribly! lololol
If It bleeds... we can kill It.
It would turn into fant4stic dvd if its gonna hunt me.
It would turn into an accountant telling me to fill my time sheets for the week
My mom's sandal
*crosses fingers*\nI'm terrified of Alexander Skarsgard.
READ THE BOOK
batman wouldnt have been afraid
Necromorph from Dead Space.
a big ass tarantula
vigo the carpathian from GH 2, yep, That motherfucker was Creepy.
Loved the movie
Turns into john cena
Trump is a nazi.
It is confirmed. Melania is a reptilian from the TV series V.
Dident Trump reduce FEMA when it was needed the most?\nIdiot.
66. Thats the combined IQ of that orange ape and that east european whore.
Mrs Trump Looks like the Alien woman from V-The Visitors.
God bless the USA. God bless President Trump.
I thought Michael Jackson was dead ????he's with trump !!!!
Melania is like the female Terminator, Badass.:)
*IMPEACH THIS MIDDLE EAST KILLER OF MUSLIMS WAR CRIMINAL TRUMP!*
Has Science have discovered God?\n\nBased on the Harvey and the Irma hurricanes destructive effect on the state of Texas and the state of Florida plus the raging fires of California we could say that God is real and whenever man says that his laws, here in the United States of America, should be above the laws of God then we all get into big, big trouble.\nFor instance, according to the Bible, God made the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that is in them, but he rested on the seventh day (Exodus 20:11). Therefore, God’s authority of how things should be done on earth is much higher than the authority of President Trump, the United States Congress and the United States Supreme Court of Justice and above the authority of all American voters put together. When non-believers in God, as described by the Bible, atheists, secularists and evolutionists take the Bible out of the public square and out of public teaching the influence of God’s Holy Spirit is greatly diminished within the American population and the United States, like other nations where God’s Ten Commandments are ignored and violated generates many assassins, rapists, thieves and people making false accusations against others.\nFor instance, places where we have people with widespread lack of knowledge of who Jesus and His Apostles were plus their specific teachings such as in the Key West, Florida, the crime index measures the rate of crimes in any area on a scale of 1 to 100, with 100 being the safest areas. This area earns a two on that scale. In other words, 98 percent of areas in United States of America are safer than this one, making it the most dangerous area in Key West and one of the most dangerous in the nation. Moreover, places where Jesus’ teachings are widely ignored such as in Houston Texas, we will find out that Houston’s murder numbers are posted for 2016 and they remain at a five-year high. Records show 302 people were killed 2015, leaving behind families who were ripped apart. You'll find that the occurrence of violent crime in Houston, TX is 135% higher than the average rate of crime in Texas and 159% higher than the rest of the nation. Those crimes are committed because God’s authority is diminished in the hearts and minds of people that are highly unfamiliar with God’s Ten Commandments in Exodus 20:3-17 and the teachings of our Lord Jesus Christ according to the New Testament in the Bible
Damn she is super cute. Trump should hold her hand and be more romantic in public.
We need to build a wall.
Did the Russians write it for him
First glance I thought Melania had nipple slats on her top, realised she didn't, stopped watching
At last something really big mr Trump, it's called; Due to Global warming. !,
For those going on about how he is worried about lives...this man is a climate change denier. If he was really worried he wouldn't have left  the Paris agreement. Hurricanes will only get stronger according to the scientists... so I really don't see how he is worried about lives more than money.
God bless President Trump and God bless America!  MAGA!
I love our first family!!!  President Trump is so wonderful and he really gives hope and Melania is just wonderful also!  What a beautiful woman and so humble !  I dont like the Michael Jackson shirt though to he honest but if she likes it, that's all that matters!
Lives not money \nTell that to the people that can't afford healthcare.
Fema and their Walmart shelters are are rumoured to be concentration camps what **** is he talking about?????
Trump should have gone onstage and said 9/11 was an inside job
This is could be a comic sketch. Right Melania go for distraught and sad! Er um pout pout, i haven't mastered distraught yet, er will this do pout pout. Wild desperate eyes behind glasses rolling around in their sockets. Living the dream darling!?  Most dysfunctional couple ever to set foot in the white house.
Harvey and Irma Hurricanes have taken away  all the Bad News Media about the  Things Happening to Trump.
Coast guard..if you talk about branding ?  no brand has improved more than the Coast guard ..BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA..yeah i think they've done well since ..1792.LOL  as Bugs puts it..what a maroon.
Thank God we have a President who really cares and wants to save lives. Not playing  golf like...
Melania never has anything to say. Does Donald ever let her speak? She just follows along like a stepford robot. Hides behind those glasses looking uncomfortable. ????
Trump is disgusting to the whole world.....don`t matter what a few rich guys and a lot of rednecks think, he will go down in history as the period that USA never wanna talk about again!!!
the brainless loony trolls are out today... guess soros is paying them to act like goons online too. BAHAHAHA sorry you lil pussies need to realize President Trump is gonna president for 8yrs whether you throw you temper tantrums and wet your panties.\n\nSTOP BEING SORE LOSERS but then again, when you don't have any accomplishments in life and nothing to look forward to, I guess being a SORE LOSER is the only thing that keeps you going! \n\nmust suck to look in the mirror everyday and see nothing but a pure Grade A loser staring back and hating your own existence! your daddys must not have weened ya off the peet because ya actin like a bunch of whiny pussies who need to go suckle on it!
Lives not money. Glad to have a president that really means that when he says it, unlike the ones before.
Like how he ended it but I'm not a trump supporter, trump was not a dick rare
haha he waits until he gets a bad question then he's fed up.
i CAN'T END MY DAY WITHOUT COMMENDING MRS TRUMP.. MELANIA TRUMP HAS BECOME SOMEONE I SO GREATLY ADMIRE.  OUTWARDLY SHE HOLDS THE CARDS ON BEAUTY...BUT THE LADY IS JUST SO ENDEARING... VERY MUCH I RESPECT HER.
The President is always on the Job !!   First time in the last 29 years !!       *M.A.G.A. !!*
GOD BLESS  all in the path of the Hurricane!!!
I like Trump BUT he fuckin needs to learn how to god damn talk better than a todler. JESUS man its so bad i wanna cry
You don't want to be in that path, that's a bad path to be in....
Please , Melania ! Take OFF SUNGLASSES .!!!!!!!!! I've been seen you most of time wearing sunglasses \n Do you have a EYE problems ??
Humble suggestion: Hurricanes will cease if we follow the teachings of love of Jesus Christ with undocumented and dreamers.  Apply now.
Love this conservative president, much better than the liberal Hollywood puppet.
He's got a lot of class
Melanie you looking awesome in RED shirt with pockets.........Really smart and gorgeous First Lady
nothing like a good shower for these american pigs to clean up their racism. hope many of you die bastards.
Why did Trump have to create this hurricane?  He is so hateful...
Happy that he can go golfing.
LMAO!!!   Geeeeez!!  This Clown ALWAYS opens his mouth and says absolutely nothing!!!!  Yuh... we're coordinated.  The Coast Guard is incredible.  We're having meetings.  People should get out of its way   WHAT AN IDIOT!!!!   Specifically what coordination is being done?  Specifically where can victims go for help and specifically what is available to them?  Specifically what messages does FEMA have for the residents?   This total joke of a president is the most clueless person who has ever walked the face of the earth!!!!!
Obama didn't allow Jesus to send bad hurricanes to the United States when he was president.  Trump can't even make deals with his lard and slavior, Jesus fucking Christ.
We're worried about lives not money - then walks away like a BOSS!
the coast guard is a brand?
Reporters stupid question  : HOW MUCH IS IT GONNA COST  ?  Trumps perfect answer : We are not worried about money but about lives !\n\n\n\nstupid questions needs my stupid answer as well : Yeah it is gonna cost a lot of billions , let's sit down now and discuss the numbers please, thank you for asking. Let me kick your fucking ass first , \nYOU ARE FIRED you stupid fuck
So nice to have a first lady that has nice ass, follows her husband and just shut up
Coast guardsmen along with lawenforement are taking weapons from house to house at gun point. Should remind everyone that the United States Corporation  is just that, a psychopathic, parasitic Dead Entity Corporation that is commiting War Crimes against Men and Women suffering the effects of these storms. \n\nCriminal as it gets. Fired!!!
For a moment I thought Melania Trump was going to ask: Annie are you ok, are you ok Annie???
Quit with the great shit...he don't know words ...What a dope.
It's not just trump\n\nThe Republican Party is a Weapon of Mass Destruction\n\nhttp://washingtonmonthly.com/2017/07/29/the-republican-party-is-a-weapon-of-mass-destruction/
President Trump, why are you exaggerating about the storm.  I trusted you to be honest.  Please tell the truth about this 9-11 storm
hurricane trump is a bad path to be in.....fake response to fake storm. fake news, fake president, climate change is fake.
Bush - as un-statesman like as he was, relatively speaking, at least made an effort to be empathetic, clumsily so. This orange jerk thinks empathy is a building where foreign diplomats live - oh shit; get it? That just came to me while doing my daily dose of bashing The Idiot Trump. Pretty good, huh? Empathy/Embassy.....I humbly crack myself up sometimes - but it's a discrete, quick-witted humor...don't y'all think... blah blah blah...lol.
Bingo Trump (as he is known by other diplomats in Europe)  has freakishly tiny hands.
Wow, this comment section is filled with anti-trump bots.
Branding are you serious! WTF. Leave it to trump to make bush and clinton look good.
HNN, re-read both of your statements.\nYOU sound like an idiot or an illegal.
What i find discusting is that while people have no power shelter or food due to hirricanes the markets reaction is to scream higher! Proof that human life has no bearing on profit. Do people in miami really want the dow hitting new highes or do they need help.
Did I hear DACA?, the liberals are back! Send them to the path of IRMA😄👍
LOVE MY PRESIDENT AND FLOTUS!! PRAYING FOR THEM EVERYDAY!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸👏🏾👏🏾
Melania is so hot! He could be golfing and enjoying life on a yacht with helicopters and college girls in bikinis but he chose to work for us, the American people for free.  We have not been this lucky since 1776 when the billionaires of the day decided to give up personal pursuits, putting their lives at risk, for us the american people.
Lying racist Trump uses the vocabulary of a 5th grader. This unpresidential orange man never seems to have the slightest clue what he is talking about. Trump is a con man, a total FRAUD, he takes credit for Obamas achievements and distorts the facts or completely lies about a lot of topics. He is unstable and unfit to lead this country. Trump harms the USA and should be impeached immediately. WORST PRESIDENT EVER.
Donald Trump is trying so hard to do the right thing and do what's right for America and Americans and all Liberals are doing is trying to shit on him at every turn. I can't wait until 2020 when America rally's behind Trump and liberals are scurrying away like the filthy cockroaches they are. God bless Donald Trump and got a bless the United States of America.
0:55\nto mar a lago, to pocket even more taxpayer dollars
That's my President 😉👍  and look at his fine looking wife too!!!😉👍
We are with you Mr Trump
Good job Trump. Now build the damn wall.
MSM & Hollywood hates him but (at least half) the American people love him. I find that so fascinating to watch that dynamic every day. I'm not American so I don't have a horse in this race but for about 2 years now its been riveting. Thank you USA for proving that reality is more interesting than fiction. But, unlike fiction, it doesn't have to make sense.
We're worried about Life's not cost See this is a real president Donald J trump God Bless him and his family .Our 1st lady is beautiful as always God-bless her to And the people of Florida
Those pockets look like tiits
Fuck donald Trump
Trump 2020
What an idiot.
good video
Cobrarme vergaze.
Call it Imer again dumb fuck
Like a boss\nTrump 2020
greatest president ever!
Hi Melania..love your outfit!! God Bless..
NICE SHADES MELANIA IS A VERY BEAUTIFUL FLOTUS
What a pimp!
Trumps the best!
Trump!!!  2017  From Canada!!!
what a f***ing moron
First lady looks unusually fine!!
Trump is a goat abortion of a human being. What a turd
Haha Melania doesin't want to even speak to the media. But I mean look at the way they treat her! Good job!
Trump supporters are the least educated people I've ever encountered. You believe in every conspiracy theory you've ever read but yet you refuse to acknowledge facts
Americans whinge a lot. You have a great President.
I'm printing out this page of comments to take to my English class; the teacher is going to have such a laugh at this bunch of grammar fuck-wits.
Trump just makes shit up on the spot. Hilarious
North Korean video shows death notice of US President Donald Trump\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMvToVx1gNE
I'm afraid liberals are going to  get their wish. Trump already looks bad. That is an indication he cares about the people of this country. If you have a conscience, and you are the President of The United States, and you care about the people of this country, when you leave office, you will have visible signs of aging all over your face. Trump is already there. Slick Willie and Barack Hussein Hitler Anti-Christ Obumma didn't seem to have been bothered by a conscience at all.
Melania   is  kreativeti & beauty🌷
Trump is amazing!  The Democratic party is crumbling.
Trump looks bit like Boris Johnson!
country music wanna be :)
Welcome back Sam I missed you <3 all the way from New Zealand <3
check out my cover please ? :)
This song is so deep😭😭
This song is brilliant.. its on replay! sharing it with all my emotional thugs lol
play it 1.25 speed.thank me later
UFFFFFFFF After all This time......................Welcome Come back
For some reason his music always fits perfectly with my situations in life
I'm way too good at goodbyes..✌🏃
I don't understand why there is 6K thumbs down. This song doesn't deserve that.....
[Verse 1]\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\n[Refrain]\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nAnd every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\n[Chorus]\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n[Verse 2]\nI know you're thinkin' I'm heartless\nI know you're thinkin' I'm cold\nI'm just protectin' my innocence\nI'm just protectin' my soul\n\n[Refrain]\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nAnd every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\n[Chorus]\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n[Bridge]\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nAhhh~\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n[Outro]\nAnd every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
This relates to one of my old loves ‼️ I love this song 😍
I'm in love with his voice 😍
He made this song because he lost his girlfriend
Probably the best cover so far of this song. Try to watch it. https://youtu.be/-7QMCsnExu0
I feel that you enter into my heart and wrote every feeling that the past, the crying how to see how you wrote and sang what I did not know how to prove. It's hard for someone to understand the fear that comes back to fall in love. Cause every time I open up, its hurts so!! .......Thank U Sam♥️
this song touched me so much!!!!
I need a music video for this 😩
Love him and his voice <3
Being too scared to love someone- taking everything to heart, and knowing it wouldn't work out because every factor of your relationship is wrong...but still saying I love you every day- every night. I wonder how long it'll be until she gets bored of me or I mess up\n\nAnd even then, I'm pretty sure our I love you's are just us being kids- knowing it can't ever work out.  I wish we'd met later- then I could really be in love with you...And maybe you would love me too.
Hey I did a cover of this and would appreciate it if you could\nCheck it out❤️ I know I'm not the best but I hope you like😘 xxx
I really love this song! i love you sam!
congrads sam smith you have done it again 😀😍👌🏻
SAM THE FUCKING KING SMITH.
I was patiently waiting & all I can say is beautiful 😍😍😍😍 , I felt this on a spiritual level😭😭💔. I love you Sam Smith❤️❤️❤️!!!!
Now I know what song to use when I cry myself to sleep tonight
Sam Smith and Adele... My dream
got beat packs if anyones down, get @ me.
Adele and Sam Smith needs to sing together.
Yassssss been waiting for u boo this made me cry sooooo badd im deff.going thr  a rough patch
I love this song.  Yes, putting up your guard. Cause it hurts to much.  :)
How can 6,000 people unlike this song? Tf wrong with niggas? Smh
TELL ME WHO HURT YOU SAM
Don't want this to be true; but, there is so much truth here. Think it began back in my 20's when I had to leave my church family. Was life-changing. Walked away from people I had known half my life at that time and have never spoken to them since. Changed me in ways I never realized. I AM way too good at goodbyes. Probably why talking things through is so very important to me. It forces me to be vulnerable, which builds trust and maintains our closeness, & feel (right or wrong) it reduces my chance of being blind-sided by anyone or any situation.\nOh well, life happens, things change, & must roll with the punches. Life goes on. Although in my heart of hearts, I don't want to be good at goodbyes.
You had my heart beating again Sam. Welcome back! I love you!
You must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Who is here before 15 million vues
his voice is just perfect
This should be on top. Way too good 👌
Why do I feel like crying hearing this? 😞
way to earn $ .share your own link to generate traffic \nand 10$ for every unique visitor that clicks your link !\n no investment ! legitimate ??\n yah.!! probably were sure so come join with us !!\n  https://goo.gl/u8kcb2
https://youtu.be/VG2yos4w5A0\ncheck this out and thank me later 💙 Sam tho 🔥
Hey guys Good day, Pls check it out , John  Saga ,cover Too good at goodbye -sam smith , I know you will amaze by him . He sounds like Sam smith tho, 😊 here a link \nhttps://youtu.be/-7QMCsnExu0
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
This guy deserves more than topping in the charts! Such a great comeback.
This song has cleansed my soul😇
HEEEESSSSS BBBAAACCKKK  💝 I missed him so much. He is one of th best🙌🏽Can't wait for the album!!❤️😍
Nobody can cover this song better than Sam Smith. His voice so deeply!
Wish i could sing as good as this ;-; sam has an unique voice
Right now one of my family members is dying of cancer... And my friend boy can't talk to me anymore cause his mom dosent want him to talk to me. And this song is explains what I'm going through right now
Too good to listen at :)
I relate to this so song so much that listening to it brings back the pain . Yet it gives me the strength to know that I'm not alone when i keep myself from getting close to people.
My heart clenches every time I hear this song...😣
This song is so beautiful but for me it is more of a song of empowerment. I've been in a relationship where he would break up every time he got mad at the smallest thing and it left me heartbroken on a weekly basis. I eventually built up enough strength to not accept that kind of treatment, which allowed myself the opportunity to bring someone else into my life who was loyal and strong. If someone loves you they stick with you through the good and bad times and don't run away all the time. I'm way too good at goodbyes for that crap :)
Finally he is back 😁😁😁
Welp he's done it again. Another amazing song!!!
I have been thought a lot about my feelings toward someone, I knew from the start that there's no happy ending for us.. \n\nso this song help me a lot,, it will be hard but not that hard.. i will cry less and get up quick ☺
Damn, Sam Smith is singing about my life.
Thank you for a good song. Your voice is incredible as always
I've listened to this song one too many times.....
Fell in love with this the first 15 seconds wow
Who wants a Sam Smith and Sia combo song?
I'll keep pressing replay button until my brain can play it automatically.
So last year  Adele took home the most Grammy awards with hello n now Sam smith will take them with goodbye 😂😂
Yesssssssssssss......Sam is back🙈🙌🏾👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏Sam fans where ya at???
too good at goodbye....\nI never gonna get too close to you \neven u mean the most to me\nits better this way
He's that one artist who does not need auto tune
The couple times I listened to this I was just like man I really like this, but then I realized its describing my life right now 😅
I love this song!!!!!😂😂💯💯💞💞💙💙😚😚😗😗😘😘👍👍👍👍🖒🖒🖒🖒👏👏👏👏👏
I'm going to need finger splints because they broke from pressing replay so much
Now this is music unlike Jake Paul - Its everyday bro
Hello. My name is Calvin and i'm a 24 year old singer on Youtube. I've uploaded 115 covers and i would appreciate it if you \n\nwatched a couple of them. SUBSCRIBE,LIKE,SHARE if you enjoy. Thanks
Don't press read more\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYour a rebel
Soooo feeling this song🙄
You saved 2017!
😭😭😭😭❤️
Magical
Beautiful song!!!!!
💯💯💯💯💯
I just cant. Huhu
catchy and beautiful ❤
wow!!!
*Soulful*
This song though.......😍😍😍
I hate goodbyes 😢
I a.m cri💔😭
Relate much 😢
Welcome back Sam Smith 😍
Yeeeeeesssssss!
COMMENY
♡♡♡
Niiice
Baixou a Adele no Sam Smith <3...
OMG  SAM SMITH DID THAT  😭😍😭😭😍😭😍😭😭😍😱😍😱😍😱😍😱😱😍😱😍😱😍
this is gangster
New Sam Smith. \nhttps://youtu.be/XRKL5Forw5w
Welcome back Sam!
**CRIES INTERNALLY**
Sam Smith & Bruno Mars 🙏🙏😍
Wow, absolutely beautiful. I can't hold back the tears. ❤️ Welcome back Sam Smith!
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/yamwsa9w
Whiskey distillery
The guy with White shirt kinda look like Justin Beiber and also that guy Mark-Paul Gosselaar from  Saved By The Bell from a distance 😂
This is so cute.. she isnt regreting the whisky now is she !!
Best surprise videos....Meghan Trainor is bomb...I know every song. She is the best singer ever in the whole intire world....no one loves M-Train more than I do....M-Train is my nickname with a few friends because I'm always listening to her....she's the best
Number one beauty milf in the world !!!
No, but we can slow them down.
Ellen would eat Halle's pussy for hours
Stereograms of Wealth\nMatrix of Wealth\nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nStereograms to order\nPersonalized stereograms
still hottest looking woman in hollywood by a mile
who is the guy on the far left  left of halle berry
I don't like her
The way she downed that whiskey was godly on its own 👏👏
she's aged a lot since Die Another Day.
I Love how Ellen can do these things but if Conan or any other male talk-show host would try this they would be called sexist pigs
From the thumbnail I thought gang rape
Damn..why'd you stop the video?!!!! Probably best, I was about to explode ❤️
He was trying to murder her via alcohol poisoning.
Just think about all those wet 40 yearold women
Loved that movie..oh and loved x men
Please, Can anyone tell me why most of her videos are disabled for comment sections? I mean her videos are awesome as well as her show. Why disabled when you can open and let everyone comments on her awesome videos. I mean her videos doesn't contain any harmful, violence or sexual contents. Thanks so much and your answer will help me a lot. Bye-Bye, Be Kind to One Another!
Not gonna lie, super irresponsible of her. A glass of whiskey is not beer. Smh
I'd fuck the shit out of her
When he got down in front of her. I thought he was going to spread her legs. 😳
Funny if the gender roles was reversed the cheering would definitely change to disgust
She's such a beauty
She used to be authentic as a Black Woman when she was stricly for Blacks. Now, she lost her salt in the world, her jewel, and just a beautiful woman but not an authentic Black Woman like say, Beyonce.
She hasn't aged since die another day
halle's still got it!
what the hell is ellentube
Thumbnail looks like a remake of the movie The Accused
Holy berry is a dirty girl😋😋😋
That's very dangerous especially for a non drinker
Did we forget her 3 DUYs for driving under the influence!!!!
the name of white guy with  black shirt plz 😂😂
Why can't people just grow old gracefully
I'm try a give hale Barry a baby and no1 can stop me Versace Versace Versace
😲 omg that's all I can say
Halle Berry can get this D even with 70
I'm really curious about what she wrote down for Channing...because Channing will really be up for any challenge
I was waiting for  make me feel gooood. Lol
If the gender roles were reversed then everyone would be saying SEXIST, woman are not objects! But when men do it it's fine....
Those Guys Were So Hot And Cute😍😍😍
Now imagine the same title on PornHub
Why doesn't  she get old?\nVampire??????😨
Ellen,i love u so much,you inspire me to be the best i can
Free Spotify premium link ; \n\nhttps://filespeedr.com/hT6wuZOfKyC2FGOn\n\nThank me later 👍\nQuickly do it before it gets blocked \n\nShare the link with your friends:)
I love you ellen
How is she just so hot at 50... wth :O
I don't believe the whisky was real at all
Too funny 😅😅😅😅😅
Distillery
Reaction critical musician influence earth hope salt funeral shared direct digital.
Anyone ever tell you , you look like helle berry. Nah they usually tell me i look like shallisa
I want to telk you my story ellen
I have 0 subscriber, Please subscribe my channel, thank you
A WHITE MAN IS LIKE CRIPTANITE TO THIS SLUT!#MONSTERS BALL
thumbnail looks like she's about to get gang raped.........
it would have been funnier if they had surprised a male guest with female strippers like this, honestly... #equality #doublestandard
Now imagine it the other way around
What a bunch of douchebags!!
The thumbnail looks like a porn gang bang video , maybe I watch to much porn
Hale is getting hotter with age!!!!
subscribe to my Chanel and reply done will subscribe back.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxGOD3adxP5V-RpUP_exb7Q
Now if only a woman could do that for a man
I like her movie kidnap
It's all called predictive programming. Ellen is depraved and she was abused when she was younger
oh yeah miss catwomen she have nice A$$ BTW -_-
I can't believe she's on her late forties or early fifties. Look how little her make up is.
She makes 50 look like 30.
HahahHahahahahHa Ellen is a lesbian bastard fucking HATE The LGBT and I know you faggot loving bastards will hate this comment but I DONT GIVE A FUCK.\nif your a faggot supporter or LGBT supporter THEN FUCK YOU AND FUCK THE LGBT YOU LOSERS.
My niece 5 years old singing in my channel.....more videos to come
I know ellen is gay , but i think she enjoyed that too
white tshirt. the end
Halle is my love omfg she is always gorgeous
Sorry cant send picture
lol so funny 😂
I'm dying she said oh Hi😍 at the end 1:50 😂😂 I love Halle Berry❤
Hahahah
Lord . Halle Berry you freak beauty!!!!!!!🔥😍♥️ .#ageless
That thumbnail tho...... kinda cringe 😕
Halle Berry is so beautiful😍
SHE IS SO GORGEOUS OMG
She still hit
I'm crying 😂
She looks terrible....like a crackhead.
The milfest milf I've ever seen
1:53 Ellen looks jelouse
My name jeff
I Love Channing Tatum <3
https://youtu.be/k2VRiKQ59p4
if it was a male celebrity and female strippers came out dancing on him ppl will call ellen a misogynist!
she looks like a african american version of emma watson
Wow she looks beautiful
+Theellenshow please watch S.White. She is amazing. Please
Halle berry is solo lucky
*pervey females*\ntut tut tut
She looks rough
https://youtu.be/4K4hrfpcCIY
#音樂是我們生活中不可缺少的一部分。#音樂使我們的生活乃至整個世界都充滿活力，#沒有音樂的日子是單調、#乏味的。#音樂是我們生活的調味劑。
Defiantly buying some Fenty!, Thanks for the review, flawless. 💕
IM SO PROUD OF RIHANNA
That glow Jeffieeeeee ❤️😍.
F U Racist bastard
On point ✨
LOVE YOU BITCH!! ;) WINK WINK
Where tf is your eyebrows dude
Wtf is this guy
Yessss werkkkkk mammaaa
same
It
Love your review!
get away from rihanna u racist roach
Jeffree i love your hair!
Dislike :)
HE LOOKS LIKE STROMAE
He looks like Bella Thorne :v
that kim k shade...
Your nails are fucking life _😍
I LOVE THISSS😫😍😍😍
Negative comment
so pigmented
what is this?
Yessssssssssss ❤️
I absolutely love u.... ur realness u always make me smile honey in my hectic bz mums life
I have never had an outloud reaction to a makeup swatch, and then you put that fucking TROPHY WIFE on your face and I literally yelped HOLY FUCK
Uhg I want to love trophy wife so bad but it's just way too yellow based for me 😭😭 That amount of pigment and shine is amaziinnnggg
I just feel like the whole face of make up doesn't look that good
As much backlash he's gotten he's a damn make up guru stfu 🙄 he's the reason why I bought this damn line ! Thanks Jeff 💕
I dont know why ,but for me...i feel like it makes  him look fresh on the face...😊😊😊
Those blue dots scared the shit out of me
he is so gorgeous without makeup
Great review. I love reviews from those that own their own makeup lines, and are involved in all aspects of the business. I will likely try the foundation, cream shimmer sticks, and the foundation brush. Jeffree can pull off any look, and while the gold highlight is pretty, it wouldn't work for my skin tone. Although, it might make a pretty eyeshadow for those of us that are extremely fair.
I used to like Jeffree Starr until I found out he is extremely racist. Rihanna herself said she did not want him to do a review of her makeup becuase he is the opposite of what her makeup line stands for.
I'm so fucking confused
oh no.....the oxidation by the end of the video is HORRIBLE 😱
The fucking quality of this video is better than my eyes
i love you so much jeffree :) keep doing u booo
You speak as if Rihanna did anything other than sell her name for the brand.
You are by far not worthy of reviewing her fucking shit. So inclusive yeah something you arent. You are discusting and proved that you have not changed from your racist ways. Fucking gross.
Isn't the primer $32?
The fuck is this shit
Ain't that the bitch from the jerry show wit the green wig??!??!?
Jeffree how are you just gonna put foundation on the face of your tattoo and not say anything????? 😂😂😂😂😂 I fucking love you
That moment when he did Grandma's foundation... So cute!!
What shade of foundation did you get?
Errtime he would flashed those highlighters booii my eyes would huuuuurt 😭💀but oml those highlights are 🤤the bomb
The foundation is a little dark, but you look stunning with the slight tan color!
Very informative video. I will take your suggestion and buy these products.
I shouldn't be allowed to review a colored girl makeup because you don't deserve to after what you said.
First time watching your videos\nIm inlove with you...\nLol
Jeffre I just found out there is mermaid brushes
How to gain black viewers back: Do a video on make up by a black woman and for get all of the racist shit he has said🤦🏾‍♀️☕️
The contour looked hard to blend out and kind of weird imo almost patchy
glr u gotta go 10 shades lighter with that stick tf
Love how you still tell us how your applying your makeup and what to do tips!!
Jeffree you look beautiful with blonde hair, and I love how you style it.
This is extremely irrelevant and random, but I think Jefree should do a Marilyn Manson inspired make up look. White foundation and all. 😂
not a fan of the gold highlighter
i don't even wear makeup but I liked the way you reviewed the products
I need to buy some of those omg! I have never been this excited to try a make up product
That foundation is everything!!!
love you! (coming from a black woman). 💋
I'm new to his channel and everything people say about him seems so unreal he's such a sweetheart at least to me he had such an awesome reality yes everybody makes mistakes but that was in the past let that stuff go nigger affects you when a white person says it but our black ignorant asses say it to each other everyday and laugh so don't come for him calling him rascist when we are rascist to each other playing or not IT IS OFFENSIVE PERIOD
I always trust your reviews of products because you know so much about makeup! Live for your vids! 🙌😍💕
oooh no boo, dont look like that
I've been using the Trophy Wife highlight as a shadow instead bc i'm more fair skinned. It really is BEAUTIFUL!
I wonna look as plastic and fake a possible
he's applying the damn thing on the woman tattooed on his neck
How do I keep him from popping up in my feed...
I went out and bought trophy wife and the foundation and I'm in LOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love how inclusive Fenty is to different  shades of color.  Very impressive.  Loved this video, Jefree.
What shade was this?
That's it 🙅... I'm going to Sephora 🚙💨💨
This is so sick!
I died and came back to life when Jeffree did the flashlight test with the gold
Talk about don't look at the sun during the eclipse bitchhhhhhh that eclipse ain't got shit on this highlight...
does anybody knows what camera is he using ? is amazing
Bruh KKW be the drug store brand while Riri over here with these luxury items 😂😂
The Kylie and Kim are SHAKINGGG
I don't need anybody's approval but Jeffree's!
How is your skin so perfect? 😩
I so love him
OMG SHE PUT FOUNDATION ON THE LADY OF THE TATTOO HAHAHAHAHA
Dang...they love the number 32. Almost everything cost $32
Just started my channel. 🍾\n\nWatch my new video! 😁and subscribe!    \n\nPlease and thanks 🙏 💖\n\n✌️
You are so beautiful
This video definitely gave me very positive vibes toward Jeffrey. It made me finally subscribe ❤
Laughing so hard! Gunna douse myself in it and put on my high heels!  You're the best!
The lighting makes you look super tan. It's kind of trippy.
You're so gorgeous 😍😍😍
That Gold Glitter Highlighter is obviously the Seller
THE HIGHLIGHTERS WOW
I may sound stupid to a lot of you, but what does it mean when foundation oxidizes?
The foundation doesnt oxsidies it sets which makes it dark. It doesnt  gradually gets darker
The pale highlighters look good on you... but trophy wife looks very yellow on you; it seems like it was made for darker skin.
ok we get it yall.....he said some bs in the past and has apologized millions of times. i mean what else do you want him to do? sheesh. yall pick and choose who Yall wanna crucify but Quick to suppport others who have done some things in the past as well. Half of yall love eminem and mark wallberg(spelling?) and justin beiber (spelling?) but dont know That  they also have done/said racist things in the past.......yall quick to excuse them but go to bash another. same thing with the chris brown abuse scandal......yall excused Dr. Dre for beating on 2 women because he's a hiphop legend and yall liked the movie NWA lmaooo. fucking bandwagon ass people smh. like i said  yall pick and choose who to bash.
This makeup looks like trash
Thank you for doing this makeup review! My sister and I were in Sephora and we loved Trophy Wife and we wanted to try the foundation out but didn't! Also there were some pretty fucked up videos saying that Rihanna didn't want you to review her makeup because you were racist. Like who the fuck even says that! Weren't you invited to the launch? It even mentioned how you don't deserve to review it and that pissed me off.  Not only because I love you 😘 but because anyone can review any makeup they want and some loser hater bitches are just jelly.
WHY DON'T YOU AFRICAN FOLKS GET BACK TO AFRICA AND SPEAK YOUR OWN AFRICAN LANGUAGES AND LIVE WHERE YOU BELONG AND LEAVE US CAUCASIAN PEOPLE AND OUR ENGLISH LANGUAGE ALONE AND GO FUCK YOURSELVES! GO MIND YOUR OWN AFRICAN BUSINESS IN AFRICA LIKE THE ASIANS MIND THEIR OWN BUSINESS IN ASIA LEAVE CAUCASIAN WHITE PEOPLES ALONE. GO HOME. GO MAKE SOME POP AND RAP MUSIC IN YOUR OWN AFRICAN LANGUAGES IN AFRICA YOU MUDDAFUCKAS!
AJ, down to earth, up for a laugh and likable!! Top lad!
Mate for about 5 minutes I thought it was dirt on my screen then I found it was Poets Mole on his head
You can tell most the guys who watched this video don't care about boxing.. All the comments are about AJ's hairline lmao. \n\nHe's a boxer, he's got bigger things to worry about. If you ever seen him in camp he has a afro because he's locked away in the gym putting in hard work so much so he doesn't even have time for a trim.
Oh my god! The thing sitting on the right of the sofa... Kill it!
12:03 best part of the interview! haha nearly 1am an i woke up everyone in my house laughing! lol Where's David?
That pack of dorritos must have been full to the brim Poet
You guys should sit with Logic!!!
Why the fuck is he eating crisp stupid prick.
Poet is such a dickhead
As a trans girl, I can tell you with 98% certainty that Poet is transitioning. Much respect. Get on that estrogen baby.
love Anthony he's just so down to earth
How can anyone hate AJ after this. The guy is so humble and chilled
International... Real Madrid \n\nAnthony is that guy.
Poet stop eating and show some respect man
Can i film this for you. Weird noise onscreen and pretty horrible colour grade.
AJ is a hell of lad! top top guy
This guy seems so chill!
Vuj is so sly. He handshaked AJ after Poet handshaked him with his Dorito hands 😂😂
someone needs to make a have a nice compilation
Soo much comments about his hairline woooow it must be the balding guys i don't even pay attention to such things.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRip to ur hairline if your balding
Would love to see Akinfenwa respond and accept the fight with AJ
Here for the Bosnia love!! YAAAS!
Omg why did it take poet more then 3 minutes to eat one crisp 😂
Damn AJ what the fuck is that supercuts hairline
AJ where ever you we go :d
Get a channel for just poet and vuj, it's the only reason why you have over 1 million subs
you should put the link to the fight vid in the description :/
I cant watch this due to the plank eating the crisps, maybe im easily irritated
All day and he wants to eat a loud packet of shite crisps fix up
I wanted to see the fights
Don't want to shake your hands because mine are dirty, shakes Vuj's hand, and vuj shakes Joshua's hand, I found that to be very funny, great interview by the way.
he literally has poets laugh, im dead
where's david? when AJ repeated it was it an indirect to Haye?😉
Ajs arms are bigger than his head
Anthony's thighs bout to rip them jeans watch out lmao
'Pay 30-40 quid for a ticket'? Not if Eddie hearn has anything to do with it..
We are liverpool and we are fucking shite
I swear poet was born a woman, looks hella feminine lol
Do fifa and chill with Thomas Muller
What kind of man is this , some man a discussing and one is busy eating crisps like a little girl whats that all bout ?. shaking head violently like a bitch. English lads stop confusing your selves . If you are born a man you are a man . There is a lot of mental health problems in this country, its a serious problem .
Love the vid but why do you mugs eat in every video no one wants to hear you chewing
What the fuck is that Poet wearing??
I think that his hairline is perfect but he is experiencing alopecia by his hairline.
You could fit a fucking runway between that guys eyes.
6:00 mans a westbrom fan but its aj so ill lowe him😂
Mark my words, within 5 years the biggest fight of the decade will be Anthony Joshua vs Daniel Dubois
How does poet take the whole video to finish off that small packet of crisps?
Yaya yaya yaya 
Wow no question about potential fight vs wilder in near future? Certain there will be one at least?
I swear to god thats brika brika like if you know what iam talking bout// don't jealous me ;p
big femi! gonna get schooled by fuiry so should go for wilder first get a big W my man
You hear that boxing fans? Even AJ said everyone would get folded in the Octagon. An MMA fighter can last few rounds in the boxing ring. A boxer wouldn't last 1 minute in the octagon.
What a guy!
His hairline is fucked but I probably wouldn't say that to his face
