She's 20 wtf he got 19 sigh plz report good\nBut yes they aren't gonna last I agree \nHahah 2016 about Rob\nKylie doing her ting I guess
I really feel like if she is pregnant she's going to lose the baby.and then in a couple years were going to find out she had an abortion...
Who will take care of that baby?\n                  #TheNanny
The teen mom applications are about to be lit 😂😂
We obviously know the relationship isn't going to last, but to suggest she gets an abortion?? WTF? How about suggesting she utilizes readily available birth control going forward? You're a real piece of 💩
Yall seem to forgot there are girls getting knocked up at 15 & 16 years old.. Not to mention kylie is probably the richest person so it not like she can not afford it... She will def be making money off this baby.
Too bad your mother didn't take your advice, moron.
She could financially afford the child and she has a very loving and supportive family.
Perez what? And this thing is good for and in what?
On the molecular level, a human is made of data - DNA.  We are all a product of half of our Mom's DNA, and half of our Dad's. That comes from the sperm and the egg - those are the carriers of that info.  When those join, you have a human - bottom line.  We are obsessed with water on other planets, because we think that we may find a cellular life form, but we have life right here on earth, and we're slaughtering it.  The baby that's been created may not be in an ideal situation.  This child may not be where I would put it, but this baby has worth, human worth. It does not deserve to be murdered because the parents suck, or because life may suck, or because he may not come out perfect, or whatever.  This child deserves to have a chance to make of life what it can.  Before you just start butchering humans, you should look back through history and see how many great people came from less than idea, or horrible situations.  Wanting her to kill her child isn't being noble, it's being selfish based on your very limited viewpoint, and massive assumptions.  How is that fair?  How is that just?
Fist of all everyone can have an OPINION \nPerez stated his.\nHimself as a father of two little ones knows that its alot!!! Of work they need\nLove, attention quality time its NOT a ACCESSORY children change your WHOLE LIFE they need LOVE will she be a good mother who knows, no one knows but children need a responsible human being to take care of them so thats why he felt this way about the news and the end of the day shes still a child that is going to let NANNYS raise her child regardless.
Hi Perez,\n\nI see your point. She's young, she's in a new relationship that probably won't last and she has so much fame it's pretty much a business decision at this point.\n\nI disagree with you that she won't make a good mother. I think it's something that is hard for someone else to judge. Britney's sister had a baby at 16 right? And I think the kid's doing pretty well and is happy. You also know Kylie will have so many nannies and has a huge family to help out with the baby while she takes selfies.\n\nAdditionally, an abortion is a really deeply personal decision. Probably not a good idea to call for it publicly or say that's something she should do. Abortions usually happen because the parents don't feel ready, don't have the money and don't have the time. Kylie herself seems to feel ready, have plenty of money and she is boss of her own world so she can make the time to be a mother.\n\nGood for her. Be happy for her since this is what she wants. And if her young fans want to copy her they're going to have a long hard road but that's their problem.\n\nYou don't know me personally but I've followed your blog for a while and we've even met a couple of times at clubs. I really respect how you tell it like it is, but I think this time you may have to step out and really think about what you're saying. Maybe try and see it from all sides and celebrate as you did Britney's pregnancy? :)\n\n- Sarah
Thats not an excuse to get an abortion tho. #prolife
OLD PEREZ IS BACK!! Nice to see your judgemental attitude on young parents out in the open. Why, why do you care how old she is, why are you interested in whether or not she was on the pill!? You sound like a rambling crazy person! \nYou are HORRIBLE. How dare you suggest a woman has an abortion! Who are you to pass judgement on that? They're famous so they shouldn't have children?? They'll be abnormal...yes because you are a beacon of perfect parenting. \nIts is just so sad, and shocking to hear someone say repeatedly she should abort her child! It does not matter who she is, at the end of the day, she is a pregnant woman,  this is a pivotal moment in her life, and people like you have no right to judge her.
I wanted to give u 10 thumbs up for this..preach it Perez ..preach it. PS: E News confirmed it so its true
She would've still gotten pregnant at age 19 so u still right !
You SCUM BAG
What an obnoxious cunt
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hahahah omg ring the alarm
Faggot
Agreed gurlfriend
Wtf! Fuckin douchebag....
#Word
You're so funny lol
a mess!
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
HE jelous that their man is black lmao. White men are wack
YOU ARE TRULY THE KING OF ASSHOLES.  WAS YOUR MOM A GOOD MOM, GUESS WHAT, SHE WAS NOT BECAUSE SHE RAISED AN ASS HOLE LIKE YOU.  KYLIE WILL MAKE A GREAT MOTHER, EVEN IF THEIR RELATIONSHIP FAIL, THEIRS WONT BE THE FIRST NEITHER THE LAST.  DO YOU HAVE A WOMAN?? GUESS NOT. SO YOU WILL NEVER KNOW WHAT IT WILL BE LIKE TO HAVE A CHILD OF YOUR OWN, JUST GO BACK UNDER THE BOULDER THAT YOU CRAWLED OUT FROM.
who are you to judge. she is stron enough to mae her own decisions
I can't believe what's said in the video and I can't believe the comments. It's so shocking to see how rude and disgusting people can be to another person. And Kylie didn't even confirmed anything yet.\nBut when someone gets pregnant you congratulate, you don't throw shade at her partner, her whole family, her qualaties as a mother, her life decisions or judging a woman for beeing to young. It's not on you. Especially if you don't know them in person at all!\nSHAME ON YOU
If she is pregnant I hope she keeps it
Grown ass man. Kill yourself!!!
You're a piece of shit
Abortion is MURDER
Judging from the pictures that I've she may be more then 5 montha along. Couldn't that be Tyga's baby then?
You fucking piece of shit, you don't EVER joke about abortion. What the fuck is wrong with you? How would you like it if someone said all gay men should be castrated?
She can afford the kid, so she doesn't even have to take care of it  lol
STOP PREACHING ABORTION
I don't believe in abortion, But I know she will have that baby more with a nanny then with her. So sad. 😢
can you ppl stop acting like she is a child? By the way, I don't think anyone gets to decide if a woman should keep a baby or abort, hence the pro-choice, she chose to keep her baby n that is fine.
Parker is Samoan. He has 20 aunties that would whoop hughie lol
Parker:If I let you push me, do you think it might help ticket sales?\n\nFury: Should I throw some water bottles at you too?\n\nParker: Nah. A decent shove oughta do...\n\nFury: Alright, Mate!
I'm picking Hughie to beat Parker by UD. I'm not entirely confident about it, but I think he'll pull it off like Tyson beat Klitschko.
WANKERS why on u tube do no one can stream it cunts
Paler looks like a grandad up on the stage
Pathetic attempt at trying to create some controversy and interest.
Hughie looks fat. He looks untrained.  I'm surprised.  I thought he was pounding beef, not shoving down his throat in the form of Big Macs and Whoppers. Also, I'm laughing at the local simpletons dissing JPs physique...ironic considering it looks like Hughie trained at the pub.
There just trying to get some publicity for the fight. Im a big boxing fan only just found out its showing on tube. I bet most don't know its even on.
Fucking pikey bastards!!!!
Joseph Parker v Hughie Fury - WHO WINS?
start time plz frm NewZealand
pussys protected by security + teambuddies
Disgusting behavior.  Honestly..  Parker is a gentleman.  What an embarrassment to British boxing .... I Actually hope Parker wins now. He should do anyhow.  He's a formidable fighter. Pissed off with their bs... Peter is alright though.
Hennessy Looks like a Don!!
Hi
I think you Hughie Fury will win
Someone is kissing 👄 the floor ✊👊👊 and it's gonna be hughie lol....auto correct
You don't really stab with a machete but okay.
If she was a Muslim woman or Muslim man they would be talking about it for months and and people in the comment section will say nuke Muslim countries
How does she not feel a breeze on that booty crack???
I'm tryna not to say if she was black she would've been shot but \n\nGod damn I'm tryna figure out how she didn't get killed
lol if this was a dude he would have got tackled and tazed. and if it was a black guy, he would have been jail within the first 2 minutes
I would've  drop kick that ugly  fat bitch
A wild Pokémon that knows cut attack
Fuck all you idiots dragging politics into this, she's clearly just batshit crazy and needs her meds.
i agree, fuck the kardashians\n\nwhatever, id hang with her
Why haven’t the police arrested her yet?
(Laughs at her) (looks closer) what the Fuck is that.... omg no is that .... S A N S
Aside from all the jokes, does anybody know what really happened? Was she on drugs? Is she mentally unstable? Is this all a stunt???
Well she got the attention. Sad . Go home puff some herbs and drink some herbal tea to chill, otherwise keep up that unhealthy attention getting method and you will absolutely become a POR= prisoner of retardation.
This is why we should publicly execute people again.
I clear case of Mad cow disease.
She carries that machete in her crack
So you’re telling me this crazy bitch pulled a gun out on an employee then came back with a machete and got away with it??? Where were the cops in all of this?? Why wasn’t she arrested or even better why didn’t they fill that crazy fat ass with bullets??? This shit makes no sense.
She was also brandishing her butt-crack .... which onlookers described as ...displeasing
Friday The 13th Reboot: Jason Takes California? or Mrs Voorhees Lives
They are starting to eat themselves. \nPlease find a cure soon.
For a minute there I almost thought this was Rosie O'Donnel?  \n\nOops.  Wrong crazy hippo!
she must be on.. umm... CRACK.
I almost forgot she is white so yeah... no police 😕
holy fuck a handgun and a machete in California were was the swat team
another anti-trumper... they are all crazy like thia
Forget the story idiots. Either run away, or defend yourselves.
That's a nice ass crack
I hate the kind of people she is. I hate the kardashians. Let them fight
why is nobody talking about that eyeliner this isn't a Nike brand deal
Blac Chyna, we know you’re salty that you being a whore ruined your fake ass relationship with the man-child you were manipulating purely for monetary purposes...you don’t have to threaten news people to get your point across. 😂
You wanna fucking get stabbed!!... that was upsetting
Holy shit!! Seriously doesn't she look like Khloe? For real. Omg that crazy.
i hope she dies
Media can't do a god damn thing anymore. Buncha pussies out recording anymore.
it's pretty obvious she has killed before and will kill again, just look at how many skulls her sweater is adorned with
Wearing a pow shirt talking about communism my oh my how uneducated antifa is
Damn...PUERTO RICO IS FUCKED UP AND MEXICO AND THIS IS NEWS STOP FUCKING ACTING SURPRISED ITS LA JUST ANOTHER DAY
I would go up to her and tell her to pull up her pants to cover up her ugly ass
This is why i hate Los Angeles.
Wtf is wrong with you people that's clearly a kukri not a machete. How do you get a job reporting the news when you don't know dick about the world.
Well ..... this shit is upsetting where the hell was the police at ? If it would of been an Hispanic or African American it would of been a whole different story .
Shes wearing a undertale jacket. Those are the type of fans of that weird ass fucking game
Fake ass stage bullshit.... If you film in public cops will be on you like white on rice.. Wave a gun and a knife in public and nothing happens? = BULL SHIT...
Sh3 mad cuz she couldn't get her makeup to come out to right way
Do you wanna get stabbed?!?!?.... or naaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
Maybe she just needed a Pepsi.
Crack is one hell of a drug
Finally they show a crazy ass white lady on the news instead of a black person on a bad part of town.
I clicked cause of the Kobe shirt
She was placed there. Yet another publicity stunt.
My right ear feels good when she talks and my left ear feels good when he talks
Her buttcrack is more of a danger to society than the machete itself.
This is just another storyline for their reality show.
So an obvious communist sympathizer goes nuts and threatens violence and the reporter claims “we have no idea why she mentions Cuba” and they claim it must be drugs or mental illness etc...But take the same incident and place a neo nazi in her place and this would become a national crisis of how divided the country is ...
I'd be pissed if my eyeliner was that fucked up too !
This is why we should leave.
I'm surprised to see the camera men being so nonchalant. If I was there I would've booked the fuck out.
California is nothing but a spic ridden shithole. The North is controlled by Globalist IT kikes while the South is controlled by Hollywood pedophile kikes.
Is very sad resources are wasted on these fucking losers.
does any one else see her butt crack?
Would smack her on the floor before she even get a chance to use the machete she is a fat whale she can't do shit smh
Say no to crack.
Oh sweet another crazy fucking liberal
Take the shot!
*-kArdASHianz-*
Niggas be like
Someone is off her meds
is that khloe ?
Dat ass
She knew what was crackin'
Brandishing a butt crack
WELCOME to HOLLOWWORLD World California
T H I C C ASSHOLE
Machete ass-crack nutter.
Crack hills!!🙆🏾‍♂️
Typical liberal
name 3 ugly things in the video\n1. buttcrack\n2. undertale jacket, seriously?\n3. fucking feminist weaboo hair.
Lol sux
That crack tho...
Dat buttcrack
White people 🤦🏽‍♂️ I blame Donald Trump SMH
Classic ole libtar
Undertale fans smdh
Yoooooo... is she wearing an UnderTale jacket 🤤
White people.  Smh
Pull those jeans up, lady. Please!
Build that wall!!!
Bernie supporter
#killthekardashians
It’s Sans!!!
Totally fake / setup
Mental illness
kill it before it lays eggs
0:10 pull your pants up
My headphones are sexually confused.
Nuke that island
#Feminism
Another Bernie Sanders supporter
Plumber crack
Her booty crack bigger than my future.
ITS ON TRENDING\n\nI REPEAT ITS ON TRENDING\n\n(Edit: goddamit we lost it)
Eu queria muito ter ido ao show deles 😧
vai ser música do FIFA ctz
NYCC
Loy
so. good. holy. shit.
This fenomenal band is baaaack !!! Hell yeah!!
Great song
比伯加油
Omg so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
💙
<3
I love you you ❤️❤️❤️
Welcome back
hell yeah.  Awesome song.
LIT
I'm crYING
Yikes, that blonde dye job looks faggier than Bieber!
I mean I love the song but Nick's weird dancing puts me off sSO muchh
Love it! Is it too early to say I'm already looking forward to a remix?!
nicholas's new look makes me feel things
This song is everything and more us fans could have possibly asked for ❤️ This band's energy and passion always leaves me smiling and so happy.
The video was good, but I miss the homemade ones.
The songs starts off with a pop style like some edm song but when he hits the lyrics it sounds much like a indie pop and then comes the mixture of both indie and edm. His voice is best voice for a song like this. The song in all has a different vibe which I love.
I guess I'll have to search the album for some actual pop rock.  This electropop obsession that bands have had the past few years is really disappointing.
Pretty sure I heard the Aquaman riff in there???! <3 <3 <3
T_T I missed them so much
Beyond happy that they didn't lose their original sound. <3
Empirically specking, is this their best song? No. But it just screams ‘we’re back bitches’.
Ah, this is so aesthetically pleasing.
But where's the keyboard Nick?
I love it your my favorite band every
OH IM SO EXCITED- THIS IS GOOD
I'M IN LOVE!!!
His dancing is so cringe worthy lol... Great song!
That was SO cool!!!!  Epic even.
Before 1 Mil views squad!
Love it!!!
It's ipresonant
Idk. They've been one of my top bands for the longest time. I discovered them back in eighth grade and now six years later I'm not sure if I'm looking forward to their next album. I just kinda feel like they might blend into all the other EDM type pop bands. I felt like something was always off about TIH like idk it just didn't feel right. Some tracks were incredible while others either felt very cluttered or a bit unfinished. I could never really LOVE this new sound as much as their old one. I could enjoy it very much as some points but in the end it grew a bit tiresome. Of course they can create whatever kind of music they like and I totally respect that. I gotta say though, I'm really gonna miss their old style. Maybe it was the what was to me the drastic change. WTM was the album for chill drives with close friends while TIH delivered those upbeat dance party jams. idk. still fell like im in the limbo of loving the current state of these sooper rad doodz. At least they're experimenting and trying new things. That's cool.\n\nThis song though. To me, is pretty bland. I feel like I've already heard this song every other way possible.Yes, we're unstoppable and we'll keep on for what? There's no story, no wordplay, no unique connection to the lyrics. Aquaman and Cone Under the Covers were my favorites from TIH because the lyrics reflected off of the atmosphere created by the instrumentals.\n\nAquaman had those awesome 80's effects blending nicely with the tropical-esque beat. There's the water representing the relationship jump that maybe those involved are afraid to take. The metaphors about diving in and seeing if you'll float are just so clever and romantic as heckk. The bridge is like come on we can do it just trust me. Then the key change is the jump into what they we're afraid of. They realize that it's better than anything they could've possibly imagined. So so good.\n\nCome Under the Covers starts with a low hum setting a scene up. as the song progresses, more layers are added, building the tension and establishing that there's something that's going to separate the two lovers. This is the last time they can be together. The chorus explains how this separation is something they can't stop. The bridge shows how close they've grown and how it's uncanny how good they are for each other. The breakdown really stresses how bittersweet the whole experience has been.\n\nIdk. I just hope that they have something else in store besides (this is harsh) forgettable edm anthems. Which wasn't the case for Shut Up and Dance. That one just got overplayed. Best of luck to these guys though. Most likely still buying the album. Whoo Hoo! WALK THE MOON FOREVER WWWAAAAHHHH IM lowkey HYPE though
If this is a taste of their next album it's gonna be a good one.
My band is back! !!!
This is the best year for music I swear
Goddamn it, Walk the Moon. I can't find my weave again!!! Is there a new album coming!!??
who else loves watching him dance?
Hey walk the moon its me Artie your artist
The lead singer looks like David from The Lost Boys...
ame la edición del vídeo! ❤😍
your cringey and shity go get a life you steamy shit motherfreaker cacaccacacacacacaca
0% Sex \n0% Nudity \n0% Swears \n100% AWESOME!!
YOOO THEY CAME BACK ON MY BDAY
They deserve more recognition!
Esto es grandioso !
Trash
A'heaux
WOOOOOOOW, YOU´RE BACK!!!!!!
Like
wow
Fuckin' handsome
They’re back !!!!!
This is trash
1:07 that part bro
10000% worth the wait
Al fin :'v
Awesome
Loving this!!!
i dig it
Please do a fucking show in Vegas
Love this song!! Love the new content :D
wow. they did that.
I love this song more and more every time I watch this video. I hope it gets other people just as hype.
Wow, it's been so long! 101,357 views at the moment. XD I feel early for once, even if I'm not that early. Lol.
The Internet is going crazy over what this 14 year old wrote in her song about Charlottesville --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdHHyiZv5c0
This is Walk The Moon, baby!
Only Walk The Moon could give you a vibe like this and make you smile from beginning up until the end of this video! So much love ❤❤😍
I want Nicholas Petricca to dance on my grave.
don't comment if you liked this song
I've got a little African Child inside of meee
Sun and Moon, black and white, male and female, yin and yang = amazing contrast = visual perfection !!!! 👍👌👏❤💟💖💗 Great song !! Love it !!!
These guys fell off! This song sucks and it's way to poppy!👎💯
Well, they're now out of the One Hit Wonder Zone.
Here before 100k 😎soon as this song hits the airwaves,..it gonna be big.
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*\nA interesting & Entertaining New Song hope you all will Share and order This Download here's The info   ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
I am commenting to prove to my brother I knew about this song before he did before this is all over the radio
I think you guys are amazing. Keep up hard work!
THERE I MISSED THEM 😍
No clue who this guy is, but this is a good song
09/23/2017 here before this songs blows up! <3
yes this is amazing this was worth waiting for im so happy yay
Thumbs up for featuring a dark-skin/natural hair beauty. :)
They are back
Walk The Moon really gets me excited for summer and fall and basically everything.
obviously you guys would make another anthem.
Shut up and dance
Finally! Their back!\nAnd better than ever!
The Look Like Empire Of The Sun
Great song with amazing music video . !!
shut up and dance 듣고 며칠전부터 구독하고있었ㅅ어요 영상 1년전 이후ㅜ로 안올리시길래 슲펐는데ㅜㅇㄹ흐ㅡ응구유구ㅠㅠㅠㅠ  진짜 사랑해요 노래 진짜 너무 좋고ㅜㅜㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ 사랑해요 알라뷰ㅠㅜㅜㅠㅠ
No me gusto el video es asqueroso\n:-(:-(:-(:-(^_^^_^^_^^_^:-|:-|:-|
THEY HAVE RETURNED!
Isn't the note 8 like $900?
Your battery observation etc are spot on.
The animation lag you talk about - the stuff that stock android seemingly doesnt have can be taken care of, by going into developer options. \nThe lag is animation, its not actually a lag.
Chuck a nice big battery in this (Come on Samsung, smaller than the S8+??) and include the LG's wide angle camera instead of 2x zoom (Who the heck wants that? Honestly, why? Just why?) and this would be actually worth the bank full of money to buy.
Hey Marques, on an unrelated note, I noticed you haven't reviewed the Motorola G5S Plus. Why's that?
Android people​ Love this phone.  This phone should be $2000 for them. They will buy it.  PLEASE STOP COMPLAINT IPHONE.  IPHONE SHOULD BE FOR OLD PEOPLE RIGHT???
My Note 5 had average battery life the note 4 as well so when did it have great battery life? I easily get through a day with my Note 8 and I don't really see a difference between that and the S8 plus. I prefer the note 8 it's a little wider and easier to type with and the fingerprint reader I find is just fine after a bit with it.
What is going on with that JBL speaker?
Battery life was a weak point for Samsung phones but it has been improved. It’s a bit unfair if you just suddenly make battery life an issue with note 8. \n\nSamsung phones are not perfect but they work great.\n\nI’m not Samsung fanboy. I use both iPhone and Samsung phone.
LG V30 got 2 hours longer than the Note 8 in the Battery test! Crazy
Got rid of my iPhone 6 for a Note 8 and I think the battery is phenomenal and here's why: I have the OPTION of turning the display from Quad HD to 1080p.  \n\nIf I know I'm going to be at work all day, for 15 hours, which I actually am, I can turn the brightness down to 60% and the display to 1080p and I'll go in to work at 7am and leave work at 11pm with 20-30% battery life left.  That's without ever charging once.  I had to charge my iPhone at LEAST once a day by noon.\n\nI think the battery life is better than it gets credit for.  It's battery life is compared to Apples at a higher resolution AND twice the brightness.  Ofc if you're running this beast at full performance you can't sit there and expect much economy out of the phone...
I'm becoming more and more less tolerant of these blow up jokes YouTubers be making...like it's really not funny,how long are people gonna hold this against Samsung
I remembered my first mkhd video was about the anticipation of the note 3 he said it has ram more than my laptop
Sorry Marques, but this is the first of your reviews that i have seen, where you just miss a major feature! The Dex docking station turns the note 8 into a fully fledged desktop PC. The software design is just incredibly good as anyone at ifa in Berlin can confirm. Dex will be one of the main selling points for getting a Note 8. Sad that you don't even mention it...
Now if only Samsung's Customer service wasn't so crappy.
That JBL speaker looks cool with all that lighting.
its funny that all of the tests shows that it's even better than the S8 in battery life... but you just went and assumed that it is worst because of the less battery capacity
Can anybody tell me icon pack name
I use WQHD+ and brightness is at 50% and I get a full day usage with out a single problem at all people just need to stop saying battery is small and shit for me the battery should be check in your so called 5 pillars and I use the phone regular/medium usage I talk to friends while at work for a few hours 1 hour sometimes 30minutes I text I look at videos here and there and when I get my lunch break the phone is on the entire lunch break forums/youtube/games and still get home with enough battery around the 35-45% what else you want??
nice wallpaper...
Horrible screen. Displays 16:9 media at the size of a 5.6 phone while draining the battery like a 6 screen. This tall aspect ratio madness needs to stop. Worst thing to happen to the smartphone world in years.
My poor ass still rocking a galaxy s6
Your channel is my favorite amongst all I am subscribed for, but sorry to say this: you suck at jokes 😘😂😂😂
I'm not sure how you use your phone, but I'm in the camp that gets what I consider really good battery life. On the different occasions I've had between 8 and 8.5 hours days with between 3 hours 10 minutes and 3 hours 20 minutes of screen on time and was sitting on 50% battery. That's with wifi and Bluetooth always on and connected to my Android wear watch all day. Oh and with the screen resolution maxed.\n\nIt's odd how many are reporting great battery life and others just average battery life. I wonder how differently we are hiding or devices.
told myself if a phone ever got to $700 I won't buy it.
My battery in my note 8 is a thousand times better than what my note 5 was. And the back fingerprint scanner is more natural to me because that's where my finger be when I pick it up.
Apple: Yo our phones don't blow up\nSamsung: Sorry can't hear you w/out your headphone jack\nApple: Hey remember when the stylus died oh wait apparently you guys don't \nSamsung: Hey remember when Steve Jobs died!
Disagree. With normal use, by end of day, my note 8 is still at 80% battery.  That's freaking amazing.  Your check box is wrong
if you are doing an effort to deal with the decision making of purchasing one by adding an extras category on your checklist might as well add the PRICE FACTOR for affordable or money's worth or deal breaker , in this case VERY EXPENSIVE..just saying
Should value for price be one of the pillers?
I would encourage you to check out some tests done on the battery life, not just take the milliamp rating to review. It actually beats the s7 edge and s8+ in life. I'm not sure how Samsung did it, but they did.
It will get updates for only 2 years. Then it's not worth 1000 Euros.
Gotta have the obligatory D Brand skin plug. Only 2 minutes in this time.
Wathing on my gold galaxy note8 it is amazing
How on earth did this guy get 3hrs of screen on time when other channels are getting 5-6hrs of battery life on max settings lol. Smells like shit
New studio? It has that lamp for which you said that it's for studio B on Snapchat
Its only 849$ fuck you
Yes the headphone jack\nI will buy it any day over Apple\nIf I have the money
Didn't the Mate 9 have dual OIS ? So this isn't the first ...
I would say the S8 Active checks the 5 boxes. Seems like the best choice for an AT&T user and hopefully unlocked soon.
I am using note 4 right now. Only issue with my phone is battery
Cool. But whats good with a Jaybird Run review?
I think the pillar also needs user friendlyness
What calendar widget is that?
for that fuckin prize this phone should have been perfect, made without mistakes but... well samsung lul
gonna go with s8 and the s8 plus with this one
I'm no power user and don't use AOD. But, I gotta disagree on battery life. Easily getting 1.5 days with this phone. So check that box! ✔
handling wise? is this easier to hold than the GS8+?
Where can I get those wallpapers
Honestly, samsung's claim that the new interface doesn't slow down with use is complete bullshit. On my S8 it started to lag within a month. It will be no different on this phone. DON'T GET A SAMSUNG.
Never Samsung again\nNote 4 motherboard dying after 2 years right after their updates (MMC card fail)\nNote 7 (everyone knows..)\nNote 8... We will see but it is time to see other brands for me.
Love my NOTE8 best phone I've ever had
You give me the green light to buy it? With my own money, thanks
Did it explode after you did the video?
Great review!
wallpaper on the S8?
360p squad where you at?
But Sony have a 4k HDR display...
Do a test on the batteries with the s8 and note 8 you will find that the note 8 hits above its weight in terms of battery life
The battery complaint is bullshit! The Note batteries have been smaller for years.  Even so, the Note 8 battery is still larger than any iPhone battery. FYI, iPhone batteries got smaller too this year.
Every note 8 vs s8 battery test with new phones shows the note 8 winning. So I don’t know about that...
How about WHY NOT TO BUY. Battery non removable.. Etc.. Sure will not buy it. HOW about the gps Performance?
Ironic heading...... Still doesn't justify iPhone X with $999 price mark, stuff that they caught up for last 3 4 years, where as Note sets standard for coming year or two... Come on Marquees
No phone is worth $1000
He just had to say that joke xD
glass sandwich...not just for breakfast, anymore.
nice design better from iPhone X
Samsung sells a copied phone for 1000, but only worth of $22
The one thing never mentioned by anyone! It is expensive to repair this edge phones!!
All this crazy hardware and it gets absolutely destroyed by the iPhone 8 😂😂😂
So marques honestly , you prefer iOS or android in your day to day use? (coming from an iPhone fan) :D
IPhone X is a mistake
Whered you get that home screen wallpaper its sick
Great rundown as always. Watching the video on my note 8 right now. I've been wanting to get back to the note since I gave up my note 3. Compared to the iPhone 6 that I had. The note 8 is in a whole other world. I haven't even gotten into even half of what it can do. Battery life is a concern, but it still last longer than the iPhone 6. In three years I'll just root it and drop whatever the latest android OS is on it. Well worth the investment in my book.
If a 1000$ phone fails on even one parameter (battery)..... It's an overall FAIL for me. Take some notes from Xiaomi battery life....
i dont know where you guys getting your prices from cause i pre-ordered mines for $930
Maybe if they would have made the note 7, a note 6...it wouldn't have had those issues?
overpriced.\n\ngimmicks.\n\nno stock android.\n\ntrashcan material.\n\n> pay 1k\n\n> i noticed its not quite as fast as stock android\n\nHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA\n\nterrible battery life.\n\nstill the phone for me \n\ndidnt see the contains paid endorsement tag though.. make sure to add it Marques :) and dont dare underestimate anyone's intelligence by refusing you were paid by SS.
What screen protector do people recommend? I bought a NUGLAS tempered glass screen protector but it seems to be too thick and the screen is unresponsive at times.
$925 in my country , with a lot of accessories for free
Sorry Note 4 will always be the best, because of removable battery
But battery life is my number 1 priority on that list of things. I don't want a bulk battery case like the old days.
Woa... That speaker is glowing man... Or am I just trippin?
Camera its not best ! V30
Really the only way the note 8 caught my attention is because u can draw on it with the s pen
I got the s8+, didn't enjoy the stylist of my note 5. Battery life is absolutely insane!!! And I got it for $550!!!
I hope it doesn't explode the next couple month
$1000 dollars ill just buy the new iphone\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOh wait
What icons are those?
5 M
1k for this too? Smh
How audio and Bluetooth chip? Note 5 audio and Bluetooth sucks.
Lol what a joke, I guess iPhone it is!
Had a note 7, was the best ever. Downgraded to a note 5 for a year. And now have the note 8, simply amazing phone. Best phone on the market hands down.
I'm getting the Note 8 tomorrow, what do y'all owners think about it?
love the background what's it called?
I disagree  with you on the battery.  Even with heavy usage everyday the  battery life is better if not equal too the S8. All boxes check for me. The note 8 is a powerhouse.
is that a digital lava lamp in the back...??? what is that?? i need
well imo asolute madness to pay so much for a phone.  Low light camera is not perfect? Gtfo it needs to be for that money. Turning into Apple..i kid I kid!.  The display is beautiful though.
Does the Note's camera look as good as the IPhone's pics/videos on Snapchat or Instagram?
This is my first time hearing something from The Maine, and I'm in love! Great song!
Such a good song
no offence but john o'callaghan has the prettiest eyes
Manila's waiting for the modern nostalgia tour!!
How do you feel?
this is beautiful BUT COULD YOU PLEASE ADD A SF DATE
ARE YOU ALIVE BUT ARE YOU LIVING?! MY FAVE LINE YOU GUYS NEVER FAIL! White suit yas please <3
Always killing it with the aesthetics. So much love for this band and the whole 8123 family.
Great song. Love the aesthetics
it's been a while since I haven't found a good song by a band, thanks guys
I LOVE THIS I LOVE YOU
Window Tinting Training and Window tinting Classes Learn window tinting \ntips and get Window Tint Training. http://bit.ly/2foSfWa
Love love love this song. Maybe my favorite from the album. Keep it up you guys 😁
I really love how there's always a concept behind every album period. Especially love this one 💕
You guys keep putting out the coolest videos! Super impressed and excited to have visuals to go along with the most incredible album. Aesthetic game so strong
Nice video 💛💛💛💛\nLoved Kennedy's guitar
THANK YOU SOO MUCH FOR MAKING A MUSIC VIDEO FOR THIS. THIS SONG MEANS A LOT TO ME❤️
I wonder how many roses you guys have been through during the LLL era so far 😂
WHAT A MUSIC VIDEO!!!!! Guys, please release a Behind The Scenes version.
this song is so good I cant
wow, I love this video so much!! Me and my friend olivia would love to see you guys in Cleveland!!! American candy and LLL are two of my all time favorite albums , I would love to share this experience with my best friend!
Just beautiful and very sensitive and kind...Bravo!
god this is the loveliest thing... I think if I HAD to pick a favorite song from LLL, it'd be tough but this one would probably be it. this song somehow is both the best song to jump around to dance to and my go-to I had a bad day I need to drive around late at night screaming the lyrics to a song that makes me feel better track. CAN'T WAIT FOR MODERN NOSTALGIA
If I win the tickets I'm taking my friend Ana she likes you guys
John bebezinho, o amor que eu tenho por esse álbum é imenso <3333333333333
It really warms my heart seeing how far y'all have come since I found you guys on Myspace back in 2008. Here's to many more years to come watching y'all do what you love because you love it! :)
You are the best guys❤️
This song definitely gets me in my feels 😭 the opening line gives me chills every time. “Dearly depressed and broken hearted” love you guys so much 💕
I'd sell my left leg to hear this live
Please please please give me tickets I want to see garretts hair in person
Love this. Love you punks. So so proud 💕
Gave me some That Thing You Do! vibes :) Great video for an exceptional song! Thanks for continuing to spoil us with such great content!
This video is beautiful. The Maine always kills aesthetic. Me and my best friend would love 2 tickets to the Buffalo  NY date. This band has deeply impacted both of us and brought us closer as friends. We are so thankful for this band and we were lucky enough to see you earlier this year. Thank you for creating music and impacting so many lives
This song hits me really hard for reasons unknown. I would love to see you guys in Nashville ☺️
my second favourite off the album, ty for the amazing video and song! <3 I wish there was a toronto date ahhhhh
I would like tickets to the Long Island show! I’ve been a fan since 2008 and I’ve been to every tour since 2010! My sister and I also got matching Maine tattoos this summer! You guys have gotten me through a lot of tough times, I’d love to see you again 💛💛
If I cover three walls of my living room in red roses floor to ceiling, will you come and play this for me?
never feel anything less than warmth and light with everything you put out for us !!!!!
TAKING BACK SUNDAY VIBES ALL OVER THIS VIDEO. I AM LIVING!!!
Still have yet to come out with a bad video, you guys killed it again !!!
Favorite band in middle school, high school, and beyond! Still so in love with y'all! Love the aesthetics :)
I love the flower guitar!!!!!!!!!🌹🌹 And everything else too
You guys can do no wrong in my eyes! This video is creative and keeps it interesting, but doesn't do so much that it takes away from the music. Love it, and love you.
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*\nA interesting & Entertaining New Song hope you all will Share and order This Download here's The info   ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
I love this video! And just saw that it is trending!!
also this video is so beautiful afksjdkfjdkfgj
I didn't think it was possible to love this song more than I already did. Proved me wrong 💕
Probably my favorite song on the album and the video made me love it more than I thought I could!
This video is pretty dang cool. I love the flower background. And the boys look damn good, like always. Good work, guys!
I've never heard of these guys but I found them in the trending section. I am now off to buy their album 🙃❤.
Real men listen to the maine 👊🏻
I love the feel of this video 😍 so old-school and awesome. Love love love you guys and this album ❤
I didn't know Linus from Linustechtips was in a band
this band never fails to make me feel whole again
Wintertime ALL THE TIME!
Why would they name their band after a State?
I love this video. I love this band. 😭
How do you feel?
I try to see you guys every year that I can, I'm so excited for all the new stuff that's being put out! Your music vids are always some of my favorites
I’d love to see y’all in Austin 😍 completely in love with this song and i love the simplistic video! ♥️
AAAAH I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!! Totally diggin the aesthetic.
This is amazing! Hey any artists want me to check out there music hit me up!
drove to all the way by movie theatre for particular same Subway to get sub and Diet Cola
this is so beautifully made you guys! hope ya'll could also bring the modern nostalgia tour to manila!!  it would be so nice to hear both american candy and LLL live!
Such a good song
its nice to see these guys are back at it again, ive been listening to them since Into your arms came out
Watching the How Do You Feel music video is like listening to the song for the first time again
This video is so artsy! And pairs so well with the lyrics! I've seen you guys in concert 4 times now and would love to again soon!
Been listening on repeat for waayyy too long
I love this band! Everything they do is so different from out there. Love the music and hope to see them soon. 💕
hopefully if I see you I'll get to show you my (un)lost tattoo. American candy and lovely little lonely changed me forever. love you guys more than life itself. see u soon hopefully.
my favorite song, I'm obsessed 💖💖💖💖💖 luv u guys so much
I feel exhausted. Trying to take on  everything. How do you feel?
So meta & love the aesthetics 👽
There are not enough words to explain how impeccable your timing is...this song means so much to me...i've always struggled with expressing myself but you guys have always had the perfect song to sum up my emotions so i don't have to and for that i have to thank you, tickets to your next show would be indescribable and amazing, i have to see you live if it's the last thing i do😂❤️
You guys are so good. Another great song. 👍
you guys are the best 🖤❤️ wish I could see this live
It sucks how little recognition deserving bands like these get. And shit songs like despacito, etc gets so much attention. These songs help people through shit and make them feel happy. World's a fucked up place.#IamTheMaine
please give me tickets x
Great video kids
😍
THIS IS ART
<3
Nice
love u guys amazing video
Where's Halle Berry
Yaaaaassss queens 👑👑
Maravilhoso
nope. weaksauce try hard emo rock. nope.
Blackberry
I never win anything
EU AMO VCS DEMAIS
Amazing. Beautiful. ICONIC.
Pat looks so majestic
I shall replay this. 💕
❤️
Thanks for asking
Una de mis canciones favoritas del nuevo album!!
this music video will be the death of me, I would die for this band, no offense.
The vocals sounded auto tuned...
At 2:30 it sounds like he put his hand inside his friends ass
this animation is gross.  the sound effects and the colors all remind me of fat. the characters are barbarically fat.  this is just difficult to listen to because it makes we want to vomit.  that would be disclosing something of my hidden self. blech.
animation reminds me of Harold and the Purple Crayon
It's such an inspiring topic and a great speech
This reminds me a lot of what I've already read a few years ago in Daring Greatly by Brene Brown. I highly recommend the book, it's also about vulnerability.
Nah, you are just gay
Why be normal? Being weird and different, unique and crazy, that's all so much more fun and interesting than being normal. And, what is normal anyway? Just a word used to say, most people act this way and it's weird if you don't. BE UNIQUE. BE DIFFERENT. BE YOU. Never change. And everybody is vulnerable, so why laugh at it, or make fun of it? Just pointless if you're making fun of somebody for it when you might feel the same way.
I don't like how the head emerged from the body.
This is so beautiful
What background music did you use on your Higher Conscious video?
I wonder what mr. De Botton is going through in his life right now
I thought the title meant a more physical evolutionary way
Since I graduated college, I've had a few sudden revelations. One I'm better at handling and actually making since of abstract ideas than when I started. Two the principle of wabi sabi is present in western folk cultures. Specifically if you listen to american labor union hymns. There's something so uplifting, and quasi-spiritual about that music (especially if you're a worker, like me). It's country, it could be said to have blues influences. That, and the international socialist anthem. But that last one is qualitatively different. How?
This is great!! Could you do one on intimacy? (closely linked to vulnerability)! Thanks!!
I usually wear my durag on FaceTime early in the getting to know you stage of dating so the woman feels comfortable enough to wear her bonnet/head scarf which opens her open up in all other aspects. Something very small but an example of how your vulnerability can makes others comfortable enough to be vulnerable as well. Lol
I loved what this video was about, but hated the graphics and crunchy noises.
I realised how important vulnerability was when I broke up with my first exboyfriend and my brother, who usually was my buddy for watching shows or listening to music, came into my room when I was crying my eyes out, barely being able to talk. He sat with me on my bed for two hours, hugging me and talking to me, and since that moment he tells me his problems and talks to me about what makes him sad, which he has literally *never* done since he was 15.\nI think he really just needed to realise that just like he can be there for others, others can be there for him.
This is such a beautiful message.
The animation is awesomely weird and the way this is worded is brilliant.
Can you guys do a vid on bad habits and why it's hard to break them.
The best nasty animation I have ever watch!
The video didnt speak on being vulnerable to yourself before others. Give yourself the chance to be vulnerable enough to admit  your shortcomings and flaws. It's far better than someone else showing you the true mirror, if not with the very intentions, leaving you exposed and coming face to face with your flaws for the first time. Especially if you are someone who likes building a wall around themselves.
This is my problem with friends and coworkers. I let go just enough without showing any vulnerabilities or weaknesses. It's a good way to get through the day and function like a normal looking human being, but I feel like I lack those really deep relationships with others.
Just want to say that I wish good luck to everyone who will this. Hope you achieve your goals. Hardwork pays off. \nMuch love, peace :)
This animation reminds me of when I used to watch Maisy.
sound effects were pretty distracting, but the message itself is pretty great
Psychological warfar e get over youself you meed a clue jack
Knowing how to share your vulnerability is a key aspect to confidence. Such as having one or two safe people to share your vulnerabilities with. But also doing it from the point of view of accepting that vulnerability as a stepping stone to growing as a stronger person.
I love the message, and I love the video 💗🔥😂so epic
I don't mean to shit on your guy's videos but can you guys please tone down the horrible sound effects, please everything else; great video love your content :)
this is why i haven't made a true friendship in ages nor will i easily find love lol.
The importance of vulnerability is so I can use it to crush you. ❤️
Take this advice into combat, into a marriage, into a room full of debaters, onto the basketball court, any sport, and of course the advice fails.
Just because you have a million times more subscribers than me does not mean I don't need people to watch my videos. \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
I think people need to stop being self conscious, narcissistic ass hats.
Those animations are really bad and hard to undestand.
*Grow a pair...*\nWheter you're a man or a woman.*\n\n\n\n\n*Beginning now:\nYes, there are *only* two genders.\nYou're welcome.
The school of life is still learning
He pooped out his head from his shoulders.
I think the producer may be projecting just a bit. Many good points, peppered with what seems situation specific occurrences (i.e. being mean to loved ones; That's a choice not a state of being.)\n     Take responsibility for yourself. Take control of your own life. Take back our homeworld.
2:43 Me whenever I feel like fighting someone.
They used pink as a color of innocence, vulnerability, fragile etc. Love it
Inner Idiot would be a great name for a band.
School of life = how to become a nice guy
This channel is getting disconnected from reality more and more and is more about wishful thinking of how things should be.\n This video + the you are not what you earn one totally shows it. \n\nPeople accept weaknesses less and less and only value others as numerical values or thorugh their social status.\nI wish it was different but sadly it is not. \nPerhaps you should make a video about the dehumanization we undergo in the world right now.
0:48 Ok what the fuck is happening
This hurts because it's true
This is a Perfect interpretation of vulnerability and the animation is so well made, Thanks for making such great videos <3
the squishy sound detracts from the video message
That's why memes are important. Share memes instead of anything personal on the Internet.
I'm not the most succinct person but my take on the message is vulnerability = humanness ---> oneness, the unmasking of our fronts or differences ---> true connection + less loneliness, thus sincere love and joy. \n\nMy algorithm on happiness. Easier said than done. \n\nIt's weird. I was just at the Vatican in Rome last week. (Nothing fancy, I was just on a short vacation on my own till I met up with a friend) I was waiting in line to pay for a ticket to go up the stairs of St. Peter's Basilica. A young couple was pleading for an exchange of cash of US dollars to Euros. They had no cash to pay for the tickets. No one was helping them/ or I was the only American in line that would care for dollars (we will never know). I offered to help and they were very grateful. I thought nothing of it after continuing in the line to go up the steps. The young boy went to the head of the line (where I was) and thanked me again and again. He was so relieved. \n\nI still regret it. I wanted to be vulnerable and say We are the Vatican, whether you believe in this religion that created this beauty or not... why wouldn't I help... It's not only the religious thing to do, it's the human thing do. Instead I humbly and sheepishly said Oh, it's nothing. It's not a problem.  It's really wasn't a problem, but I still regret not saying what I really felt. I didn't want to feel vulnerable with my intrinsic values in the middle of a Roman tourist attraction. I guess my greater message was that love and compassion made me do it, not only a fear of God or those kind of negative religious associations. It's odd because I felt compelled to tell this to him. I really thought I was crazy. People don't talk like that I thought... I guess I was scared of his rejection of my personal values. I feared his projections of my honest intentions. Even if his gratitude turned to disgust due my reference to a religion, I should have been strong enough to take any reaction, because I was being open and aiming for genuine care for the other. \n\nI wasn't vulnerable, because I felt ashamed. Looking back, why feel\nashamed with being kind - no matter the source, rationality or irrationality of that action.\n\nIt was one of my favorite moments of the trip. I fell short with this, but I challenge myself to do better as a human being with a soul that is longing to express and connect meaningfully with others- whether at the front of a Walgreens or the front of a majestic Roman church.
I like your thumb people
Showing vulnerability can vary on how people react. Some people will find a way to belittle you and want to have the upperhand and will use this against you. Others will be more accepting of it and feel a connection with you because they too make mistakes. Show a bit of vulnerability and take a step back and see how the other person reacts..
Brenè Brown has a very good ted talk about this exact topic, I emplore anyone interested in this topic to check it out.
I'm a very different person from who I was five years ago. A better person. I was scared of vulnerability before. I felt as though I was placing my emotional stability and happiness in the hands of others by being vulnerable. These days, I've found that I feel more in control of my life and my emotions than I ever have, and I believe it's largely due to my willingness to be vulnerable; my ability to be honest with others, and honest with myself, about who I am and how I feel. I'm proud of that. (:
this is really Hard to watch
That guy spilling a beer on his shirt is kindof overreacting.
This has been one of my favourite animations so far. The squidgy sounds were a little unsettling, but the style was so cute.
Showing one's vulnerability does not exist in my dad's side of the family - super uptight. They only want to associate with SUCCESS.
You guys have really changed my mentality. I totally accept your ideas
What's with the vagina noises?
who needs public/private school when you have School Of Life? THEY TEACH US REAL LIFE THINGS AND HOW TO CONCURR THEM
The British Narrator is back! Yes! I hate to admit but I actually missed him.
guys be a pussy, its gonna help trust me, be a pussy ok, be weak
The message is awesome but the creepy almost disturbing animation and disgusting squishy sound effects are sort of distracting.
I used to live in China and I was not very good at speaking Chinese. Statistics would have you believe that a third of people spoke English, and at first I didn't believes that, because they wouldn't talk to you because they were afraid of making a mistake or not speaking English very well. However, I eventually discovered some ways to coax it out of them, one of which was to intentionally do something embarrassing. I also found a good way was to pay them a compliment, anything that brought yourself down a level, or caused them to feel brought up a level. it eventually became apparent that the statistic was close to accurate. I could also tell who was likely to speak English by looking at them, and judging by their age, and how they dress. I know that sounds superficial, but it had close to 100% reliability.
I'm no expert but I got to tell you those are some gross sound effects.
We are strong enought to be weak thats something good to remind ourselves in bad situations
TOO MANY SOUNDS
Tf these niBBas drinking? Jello? Wtf
Pew pew pew
Cutest animation
Animation reminds me of Roblox
1:30 is best
Lovely realizations. Thank you !
Brene Brown <3 <3 <3
Lol such brilliant graphics xx
<3
This is absolutely brilliant. Thankyou!!
Psychos.
Buy/Sell Trend Detector http://bit.ly/2yj64cF
love the pink squishy guys
Beautiful message, thank you.
Beautiful!
2:19 sliding in smooth
That wail !!😂 ' A A H H!!'
2:39 - ;DD
Why do they sound squishy? Yuck
The sound effects...
wtf his puzzle piece changed
The soundeffects make me uncomfortable :-|
I am invulnerable! Ha! 😈
Fuck vulnerability! Be the machine 100% of the time! Kill every weakness.
What's the point if any emotion.... I hate emotions... But I suppose thats an emotion😂
I pretend to be vulnerable so others open themselves up for manipulation.
I hate to generalize, but it seems like in our society, the more appropriate response to bad things happening is anger. To many, it seems, anger denotes strength, the sense that I won't let people walk all over me. If we respond with sadness or melancholy, which is healthier I think, people tend to look down on us, label us as a Debbie Downer or a Sad Sack. They would rather we pretended to be happy so as not to upset THEIR comfortable existences. But I think we yearn for that kind of honesty about our feelings, and I think there's a strength and wisdom toward resisting the urge to get angry. Not that anger is always bad. It just seems we tend to see it as valuable, whereas sadness is something to cover up or cure. Am I way off base?
This is one of the best and most important YouTube channels there are. Thanx ppl. You rock!!!
Nah don't be vulnerable, I was vulnerable once with a girl that I loved more than anything in this world and she fucked me by cheating on me but I only found out when she left me. I swore I'd never give my heart to anyone every again, fuck bitches and leave them. Be strong, be hard, be a fucking bastard to chicks coz they'll fuck you in a heartbeat
these videos are so well written
Why do much squish? Why so much squishing? If as a visual metaphor then cool, but omg, I want to vomit
Do you think god stays in heaven because he to fears what he created
That's convenient, that you could disappear for days at a time and no one would wonder where you went\n\nThat's not convenient! That's not convenient at all!!
My brothers name is justin and he's an arrogant asshole psycho. He's done legit awful things to our family. If I got a call from the police telling me that he'd murdered his girlfriend, I wouldn't be surprised. I've never met a nice justin. Ughhh. Justins
Look up the Matched book series. It's awful
Is that a Sonic Hello Kitty?\n\nTime to unsubscribe.
It's not necessarily a thing that needs to be done, as being quiet is by no means a bad thing. But it's nice to see you be a little more loud and out there about a thing your talking about in a video. Either way, I love your stuff. Keep it up!
this is amazing please summarize everything in my life
You should do a giveaway, but this book is the prize.
Sounds like a classic text for sure.  Can't wait for book 4,5, and 6.
This is really great. Would you ever consider doing a reading of the infamous SF story The Eye of Argon by Jim Theis?
I love when you make longer videos!! This was awesome - I'd love to see you review more awful books!
Eww....... That's weird... Seriously. I'm sorry but I ain't that TYPA BITCH (slapslapslapslapslapslapslap)
giant plushy with the dead eyes is LOOKING RIGHT INTO MY SOUL!!
What if... this entire book was the troll, on YOU?
Don't read the sequel Troll 2
so this is like Liza's book?
The song was Only You.  clever, huh?
its the worst book because he knew where the toilet was. feel like he did all this just because he hates public restrooms? ._.
See if you can find a copy of Night Travels of the Elven Vampire. Preferably with the original cover, which was a poorly photoshopped picture of Orlando Bloom.\nhttps://www.amazon.com/Night-Travels-Elven-Vampire/dp/1413700659/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_product_top?ie=UTF8
Have you not seen the Twilight films? those are the most messed up abusive relationship films I've ever seen. Didn't stop the genre of crappy romance, vampire or teen drama though.
It's a well known fact: 21 year old women love the sexually potent madmen.  It's why Latverian monarch, Doctor Doom,  gets all the babes.
E R Davis Primer. Check it out! In the interest of self published books that are pretty good.
There are ways to write scary/bad romances....this is not any of those.... At all..\nI want to burn my eardrums
The realistic depiction of getting kicked in the crotch makes me believe that this is most likely written by a guy.
Like a Joseph Conrad novel. Truly a trip down the dark river into the jungles of madness.
Yep, his first message is trolling, fooling would be catfishing.
Wow.  You should do more reviews of horrible books.
It's okay, Jenny, you can admit that you're Emma Clark.
You are amazing. You truly are a marvel.
Holy Jesus, this is fantastic! I'm so glad you exist. I hope, because of this review, this book becomes NYT best seller. This had to have been written by a 17 year old that subjects her creative writing class to her 'dolphin poetry'. To her advantage, her mom and english teacher get hard reading her chaste, Christian un-porn. My mom loves shitty romance novels but I think even this is just too fucking terrible for her to read and she WILL read gods damn near anything. Thank you so much for sharing this with the world because the 'mainstream media' won't tell us that there is great 'art' like this out there. Gods this is shit. Also, Jenny, you are 100% correct. There is nothing romantic about the antagonist's actions and the protagonist's actions are inexplicable. It seems like this was written by a socially retarded 30 year old male that has never actually had a real conversation with a female or, as Jenny suggested, a mid-west, 48 year old pastor's wife and mother of 7 that's trying to remember what sex was like before her vagina became a clown car.
Im almost sure i could read that book in shorter time that this video is lol
The trolling bit is where you buy this book.
This seems positively mundane when you know about the erotica about women having sex with dinosaurs.
His love for her was like a truck.  Berzerker... indeed.
LOL, it's just Justin.
Is it already Halloween in America?
Love your sweater! Where did you get it?
Three things...\n\n1) When you said 'self-published book', I was afraid that it was going to be something written by a friend of mine.\n\n2) I don't think the word 'tummy' is inherently un-sexy, though it was certainly a jarringly poor word choice for that particular sentence.\n\n3) To add to your 300 inappropriate compliments:  every time I see you, I wish I could give you a friendly hug and ask you how your day's going.
Bdsm but with your soul
I like watching you talk about things you are interested in, even bad literature? Ninjago review next please, or I will break in and make you watch and review and upload said review of Ninjago....
This is a very worrying trend. The romanticizing of shitty/abusive/gaslighting behavior to young women. All poorly written to add insult to injury. And blurring the concept of consent, normalizing unrealistic body image etc. It's funny for those of us who know better but gets scary when you realize many less experienced/mature readers will internalize these dangerous idea. The author is very probably young and inexperience. Medical clinics get pretty busy, miss one day without a damn good excuse, you are most likely fired, especially if you weren't that focused a worker to begin with.\n\nThis is the story of how a young woman with low self esteem and no concept of healthy boundaries gets lured in by a cunning narcissist. In real life this relationship would not turn out well.
You’re the greatest! Haha I love this video I laughed so hard
As shit as this is, I gotta say that I read worse books than this one. Much, much worse.
worst book is what happened-crooked hillary clinton
Maybe it was all just a dream, but the Author forgot to write that at the end?
I can't get overt your Halloween porg
Also: I doubt most in this comment section even have the creativity and willpower to self-publish a 109+ pg book. \nThe opposite of success isn't failure , its not trying. Think about that while you mock someone who put their heart into something.\nAlso: clearly the naughty parts got Jenny's panties wet, so maybe just enjoy it for what it is.
How big is the print in that book? That seems a bit big for a novel!
Maybe  Emma Clark is the title of the book, and TROLL is the name of the writer...?
I hope this was written by a guy. I really hope it was.
I think you’ve just ruined every future Xmas for my friends and family, because I’m stealing this idea!
Justin, what a strange character. I died.
Fjshdhdh was it written by a troll
Smh Jenny didn't realize this was a snoke origin story. Dont you know why snoke is a hologram!!! It's cause it's just his online hacking space avatar!!! Justin is snoke Jenny!!!! Justin is SNOKE!!!!!!
Cheap ploy to be able to read your own fiction, Emma.  There's no need for this subterfuge, most of us would listen to you read the phonebook.
It's really difficult to make your bed when it's pushed up against the wall. And that's ok. Good art needs constraints
I am HOLLERING this is the best book ever, I'll get a copy for everybody I know
Is there any word less sexual than 'tummy'? Oh god, I had the same issue when editing someone's fanfic. I was like just use stomach or belly but they thought it was too clinical and I'm like…but tummy though…for a sex scene…it sounds like your character is suddenly a toddler or something…
Congrats on getting your book published, Jenny :)
First, I can't believe I watched/listened to your entire video on that.  I'm actually in the lifestyle and so books that portray it so badly really make me cringe.  But...  it was a wreck I couldn't look away from!  It wasn't just your beautiful voice, it was how you presented it.  How bad can this book get?  Ok... gotta click away... after a few more seconds...  Oh!  There's no way it can get worse than that!  Now I'm clicking off... after a few more seconds...  ;-)  Then the credits were rolling.\n\nBut as an independent author, I agree that we need to be supported.  And there is another possibility for this writer.  If you've ever done some reading about Heinlein and Asimov, you would know that they, and many other important writers, also did some erotica.  To pay the bills.  And to hone their skills I think.  I hate to suggest this, but take a peak at the book again.  Other than plot and substance, how well written is it?  Grammatically?  \n\nBTW, said I was an indi author.  If you've read this far, I'm going to plug my sci-fi series.  ;-)  https://www.amazon.com/Firing-Crucible-contact-Awakening-Phoenix/dp/1519029934/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1506181413&sr=8-3&keywords=michael+eves+shaffer  It's not selling quite as well even though It's got much better reviews.  Which goes back to my thought about a real author trying to make money to support his or her writing habit of real books.
This really should turned into a Lego movie, Everything Is Bulging.
how about overly no-sexual talk; (best if read in low sinister some what gravelly voice) I am waiting to have coffee together, accept I don't drink coffee the caffeine raise my anxiety higher and higher and until I feel like I am about to go into a full blown panic attack, and for that reason I am getting the sleepy time tea with honey. Blind dates are nerve racking enough without chemically induced hyperactivity to worry about. then I see you open the door to this over priced coffee chain, that shall go unnamed for trade make reasons , it seems that you didn't put much effort in dressing for this date. hair pulled back held up with a dingy grey scrunchy and an outfit I am not sure if it came from a gym bag or if they are your PJ's. you head strait to the counter to order without even glancing my way. thank god I have time to fix the over dressing I have done. I quickly remove my tie and shove in my pocket and undo the top to button of my shirt. I consider a third, but stop myself what are you trying to show off your moobs? what if those are her gym cloths? she works out, when was the last time you worked out? and runs to the store for sad frozen pizzas for one and beer for 6 don't count! I think to myself because that is how thoughts work...she comes over and with a smile introduces herself confirming that she is a friend of a friend. I can feel my heart start to race and sweat start to form on the palms of my hands . YES!! *cough* yes i am friends with... i stop to grab my inhaler. An awkward gasp later I try to apologize  for my awkward awkwardness nearly as awkward as using awkward so many time in an awkward sentence. you just chuckle a little and say,  it's ok, it's not every day I take someones breath away. I pause , i feel my nervous smile start to soften in to a genuine gin. Soooo you say as my inner monologue continues, I hear we have a lot in common, you  are a huge nerd for Star Wars too?! (someone forgot to give you to memo on trade makes). still nervous I blurt out  NAH i AM ALL ABOUT BATTLE FIELD EARTH...  Our eyes meet and in a gaze we can tell we are both sarcastic assholes. we both start to laugh at the idea that anyone could like that train wreck....we talk for hours I let the tea grow cold, as conversation just won't stop flowing from our mouths like a back out toilet at denny's  on free meal night. (TRADE MARKS BE DAMNED) then it hits us that rush that is a mix of excitement are fear, WE'VE BEEN TALKING HOW LONG!? you have to get to work and I am also a productive member of society....promise...you jump up and rush out the door after give me a shoulder hug as i sit clumsily trying to reciprocate with a one armed hug around the middle of you back. you are gone now and I get a text for the friend of a friend:  how'd it go?\nme: didn't throw up\nFOAF: so 75% better than most of your dates\nme:  that would be funnier if it wasn't mathematically accurate\nFOAF: comedy is subjective, and the facts and hilarious to me! XD\nme:  RDRR , I can make math jokes too\nFoaF:  that is a pop-culture reference not a math joke but we are getting off topic what did you think of her?\nMe:  she's a fun person to talk to I hope she enjoyed herself to I dont know if I am going to get put in the friends zone but I dont really care, not having hot a intelligent woman that shares my interests for a girlfriend wouldn't be awesome, it's just so would have a friend with all the same qualities\nFOAF:  so you're saying you think she hot;)\nme: well yeah\nFoaf:  I am going to tell her\nme: WFT, man DON'T! ( I could go on with this I choose not to I think the joke has run it coarse)
They do have the internet in the midwest these days.  Almost two years on now.
I am not buying this book. But I am liking this video.
The word Internet must always be capitalized. It is a proper noun. There is only one Internet. There is no such thing as the internets.
It was written by someone who thinks everyone from outside the city is stupid.....not by midwestern housewifes, but FOR them.  My experience is that its the elitists from places like NYC who are scummy enough to write something like this.....not a mom from Nebraska.\n\nYou loved it anyway Jenny.....you just cant come to terms with it yet. I bet youre signing up for dating sites as we speak.....
Jenny , stay of the WEED
This sounds like it was written by Neil Breen.
I raise you 3001: The Final Odyssey (Space Odyssey #4), it requires you to read the other space odysseys but it so baaad
Oh I enjoyed this, as a writer I’m glad it wasn’t my book lololol, but very funny, thanks
The best part of this whole thing is Porg just casually laying there on the bed as the snippets of this erotic thriller are read. lol.
The popular definition of troll is weird rn. I always thought a troll was someone who tricks you but a lot of news networks just use it to mean anyone mean on the internet.
Have you written a book and put it out there for the world see?
I heard George Lucas just bought the rites to the book. Script in development. Movie eminent!
I'm fairly certain that the worst book is a copy of The Thorn by Daron Fraley. It's am amalgamation of the obscene, backwards beliefs that Mormon's have, absolutely atrocious story telling, and a fanatical, religious attempt to make a medieval story feel sci-fi. Never before have I been so intrigued at to how a novice writer could feel so passionate about garbage bullshit, and and want to burn every book in existence that he wrote, just because I pity the author.\n\nAlso, my ex was one of the crazy bitches that was into the kind of crazy stuff in the book Jenny found. :(
This is great, lol.  Worse than the not-ASMR video, in terms of discomfort, but you always manage to be charming and funny.
I love your videos more than anything! sadly I have never watched a single star wars movie but I still watch ALL your videos and I get very exciting when I can understand the content because its not about star wars XD I just love your humor
After the success of 50 Shades of Grey i really have no issues believing that this book was actually written by a woman. A book about an abusive relationship and female friends of mine are snickering about how they envy this relationship
Emma Clark's real identity? Well that's easy it's Max Land... ahhh too obvious.
Why not just send Karl Marx's 'Communist Manifesto' ? That's pretty awful and only half a sexually explicit ! 😂
Sjw book
Damn, Jenny got patrons like Marvel got credits
Tummy
50 Shades of Cybersex???
What's
Awesome post! Loved it!
i knew my bigger porg theory was right. suck it haters.  #biggerporg
Jenny! Tummy is a cute word!
Justin is snoke
Eh..not bad.
Fifty Shades of Barf.
Haha. This was hilarious.
You're a wizard,Porg. DUN.DUN. DUN. DUN DUN. DUN DUN DUN DUN.
Open bob ;)
those x-wing pillowcases?
this book sounds hot
open bob
show boob lol
I'd like to hollow out Jenny's pumpkin. :D
My money is on that this was written by a guy. I'd go farther and say a guy who has never been in a relationship, probably believes in the myth of the Friendzone, and has a weird obsession with Emilia Clarke from Game of Thrones.
Why did this video stop? I need more information. For example, did the Peruvian school work, and what about the voting process?
The design loop is really just the scientific method as applied to consumer goods and consumer happiness.\nPeople really need to understand that whether you're trying to figure out how to cure malaria or whether you're trying to make a better phone, the best approach is always to observe, formulate hypotheses/ideas, test them, and iterate.
background I guess pretty   good!   formation  ..
I thought the title said how to solve a problem like desiigner and got confused
Congrats on going to Ted!
So liberals rather solve things like a designer rather than solving things like a scientist? No wonder liberals are pathetic.
This is similar to the classic planning process. The sequencing is different because we present a variety of alternatives at once.
So the moral is that they're not very good at either? Noted.
What about that wasn't intuitive? Those four steps feel like a given.
Left & Right hemispheres are truly our future for innovation-evolution. ;O)-
You where gone\nBut the kitchen light were still on\n\nWhite Noise
A hipster Coronel Sanders
This sounds very similar to IB MYP's Design Technology Cycle
is he the man in KFC logo ?
How to solve problems like a Vox writer: Blame cishet white males. Cry.
This is literally the scientific method.
Yes I love TED\nYes I love Vox\nWAT U SAY???? THEY COLABBB??????
Only if fashion designers also thought like this.
This is pretty much what Systems Thinking and Design Thinking is about. Most commonly known as iterative design, I think quite a lot of people already have accepted this design process. considering systems and design thinking are pretty much the same with just different semantics.
These guys are the reason Apple mouse iteration have always sucked
As a Peruvian, I see many students my age transferring to Innova Corp schools, and succeeding tremendously
I personally dislike the apple mouse. I like the more clicky feeling of a regular mouse.
The mouse creation job is called product design.
Idealists; causing headaches for realists since the beginning of time.
Liberal thinking, no thank you.
so basically... the scientific method?
Although, mac has always had the worst mouse designs ever :))) Mac's keyboards are well designed, not the mice
hey vox, what fonts do you use in these videos? the captions i'd guess is helvetica, and is that the same as the font used in the credits? and also is the 'vox' font your own personal font, or is it available to the public?
Thank you SO MUCH for this. I absolutely admire IDEO and their method of Design Thinking, and I LOVE your company, Vox, for crafting together a cohesive, beautiful piece that tells a story about some incredible things that are out in this world. Thank you.
I've known about IDEO since High School when my teacher showed the Nightline episode where the IDEO team redesigns the shopping cart: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M66ZU2PCIcM
The key to design is empathy and thinking stupid.
Great video. This is essentially the scientific method except without a formal hypothesis.
Wow. This is an awesome video
can be applied to most anything. How to solve problems like a creator (Math, Physics, video games, music ...) Who doesn't know this?
This is my job
Or just use Google..
Do a video on Rick and Morty
Is this basically just a dumbed down version of Agile?
Isn't this engineering?
Does anybody know the animation style of the part they talk about aschools? About 2:50min
Since I want to be a car designer when I grow up, this video has been *very* helpful.
Vox AND TED? Yes please! I absolutely love both of them, and it’s a real interesting topic. Very smooth transitions, wonderful graphics.
I use several Apple devices, but I really hate their mouse.  It's not designed well at all in my opinion.  Ergonomics are poor and the touch capability gets in the way of usability.  I just use a good old wired optical mouse, with physical right and left clicks, and scroll wheel.  As a video editor, I do like what they are doing with Final Cut Pro X though.
what a fantastic little video
I just did a ted Ed talk about the same topic
Shoutout to all the industrial designers out there. I'm halfway though college and absolutely loving this major/profession
$10,000 for a crazy computer like that hell no
The true Designer is a problem solver.
this looks very similar to the deming wheel (process in management)
Now make 'How To Solve Problems like Desiigner'
I loved every bit of this video.  Thank you for the inspiration.
who is the editor in charge of this channel damn, u need a raise
How do you solve a problem like desiiiigneeeeeeeeeers?
Next stop, how to solve math questions like an Asian.
I just realised I think in this way I am a designer in computers and debater
this is simply: the scientific method.... if you know it, just use it ^^
90% certain that disposable coffee cup is a prop.
Well people have problems with jars because they are idiots....\nThere are a vaccum in the jar and lifting up the edge of the lid with something, anything, will let the air in and the lid will just pop off.\nNo need to invent a new lid.....
Sounds like the actuarial control cycle
Sounds like something that Apple kinda lost in recent years...
Designers don't solve problems, they design products. They encounter problems during the design process, but they solve those problems to reach their end goal: a product that reaches the specifications they were given.
How to solve a problem like Trump?
This is called engineering...
Lots of brains, not like an object, but a system. :O
I thought it said “how to problem solve like desiigner” 💀
Does anyone know where Vox edit their videos ?
I absolutely love this video!
Does IDEO also make buildings? I know in Bangkok they have apartment buildings called IDEO Q.
I've heard this idea before and find it interesting. However, I notice people seem to imply that this method of approaching a problem is a magic bullet.\n\nWhat they don't mention is the 80% of products that are poorly imagined, poorly designed and horrible to use. Products that were still made using this system.\n\nIn the end, it seems this system has little to do with solving problems effectively.\n\nI imagine it has much more to do with the quality of the people assigned to the task. If that's right, this system begins to mean something.
I have no idea why vox only has 2.9 million subscribers and vice has more pshh
What is Adam Savage's Brittish twin brother doing at Ideo?
IDEO <3
No mention of Xerox PARC
Spanish One-time Billing Recurring Billing PitchPlus Mobile HopLink Target URL supported Dividend Stocks Rock (view mobile) http://bit.ly/2jPEAbY
Hidden Apple ad haha
Thus us nuggers
More!!!! ❤️🙌💪
I got broads in Atlanta
Ideation???
3:20 Yeah Blender!
Graaaaaaaaaa
Ted & Vox ✓
Capitalism
https://youtu.be/1LOfG63v2PU
How to solve problems like desiigner : Brrrrraaaaaa SKURRRT SKURRT GEH GEH GEH 😂
Fake news
Design thinking 101
How to solve problems like designer\nGiii Giii Gii yahhhhh, Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ydig ydig gi yahh
Back when Apple really innovated
how to solve problems like Desiigner\nRAH GEGEGE
basically the scientific method
Liberals are mentally ill
disappointed. not really substantial or insightful.
*Desiigner
Hidden Brain from NPR?
*SEXBOTS!!!*
Blender! 3:19
TED x Vox > AntiSocialSocialClub x BAPE
Vielen Dank für Ihre Grüße aus Serbien
Can you do a video about depression ?
I don't like most of your videos..but I lile ur videos about mental health..its something ppl don't talk about..its really nice to see someone speak up...
I did it becuz of painful attachment trauma with my parents. But, now i know that im fine being on my own.
I love everything about this wonderfully-produced series. Well, not everything. You could use a lav mic or a boom mic. But other than my nit-picky bullshit, it's brilliant and engaging.
Woah\nThis make realize so many things.
Dear Faiza,y you are obviously smart. There are many different types intelligence. Dance is an art and great exercise. Doing that most probably will spur you on to do well in your education, personal life because it's healthy. Please give yourself permission to do this sweetheart. You and the world will be a better place because of it. Now I am going to go tackle that editing on the book I've written. It may never see a single sale, but it's something I always wanted to do, to write. So you do your thing too. At 63 it is doubtful I'll be a choreographer, my other earliest dream. But I just might submit this book. I just might dance for this, all by my own thought up steps. God loved happy, I'm convinced of this!
Couldn't have said it better! Great job
I so needed this
I'm happy to know that I'm not the only person that sometimes hisses like a cat.
This helps a lot thank you Ana!!! ❤❤❤
You know when her Squarespace advertisements are so good that you're tempted to make a website even though you have no reason to have one?
Thank you for this.
I really needed this. I have been following you for about a year and this week lost a best friend to suicide I didn’t even think to watch your videos because I have been so down. When I saw your update I still didn’t think of it but as soon as your pretty face started talking and connecting with me my heart felt lighter and I heard some messages I really needed. Thank you for all you do!
I love youuuu! I needed this today☺☺☺
it's like a gun therapy or a rude deworming called self sabotage ? can be a subject !?
Your sponsored videos are always so fun to watch. I'd usually skip them but not yours. Good job Anna! :)
I am a queen of self sabotage tbh but I'm seeing a therapist and working towards fixing that, as well as the multitude of other issues of course. It's a bit overwhelming but with time I think I'll be able to get there. I got really lucky that the first psychologist I've seen seems to be a perfect fit for me, she's great at identifying the negative things I do and getting down to why I do them.
I am so thankful for you ❤ I love your videos, some are really soul healing
Thank you so much
THOSE ARE BEAUTIFUL DOORS OMG! IM NOT EVEN A PERSON WHO'S INTO DOORS BUT THOSE ARE SOME DAMN FINE DOORS.
Hi! Where did you buy your glasses? Love them!
To bleed is to know you're alive
Thanks Anna. This is exactly how I'm feeling right now and I was like wow. I needed to that. And so to the point. Kudos. Boom boom boom 💥💕
why did your sister kill herself?
I use humor as a defense mechanism so people don't realize how dead insideI am 😀
Dark, yet very real subject matter talked about openly and logically with unyielding honesty without being afraid to be humorous about it in places? Holy crap, did you earn the heck out of a sub!
It's amazing how open you are about everything, I think it really gets the message across and could be very therapeutic for someone with these problems
You are too beautiful. I need to not subscribe or else I'll become a mega fan.
Good job understanding you have a problem, seeking help, and dealing with it.
Wow Anna you are so amazingly upbeat and positive for coping with your sister's suicide. I feel like that kind of pain is enough to change someone forever.
CASINOS are EXPERTS in facilitating the kind of environment that caters to self destruction. will you let them take your money?
can i massage your feet?
Good. It’s an inside job 💯 % of the time.
Join Email List to Grab This Free Report http://bit.ly/2xoK0Ok
All i want in life is to stop it
Logic versus feelings. AND THE EXPENSIVE THERAPIST SAID LOGIC WINS.\nSounds like the red pill to me!\nYep happiness is the red pill. 🤘😄
I'm so thankful for you Anna, you made that explanation so simple and accurate, thank you 💜😊✌️
The thing about Ana is her honesty. If you browse through yt most channels try to show you the perfect life. Big cars, beautystandards, perfect bodies and perfect relationship.\nThis takes away the self confidence of a lot(!) of young people, mostly girls.\nAna is doing the opposite by being completely honest about her problems.\nI love that Ana, keep it up pls :)
where did you get your glasses?
You have borderline personality disorder. That's why YOU self sabotage.
WE don't ALL do it. \nNext time, try using I instead of We. \nI don't self sabotage, i have many problems including procrastination, but not self sabotage. I only procrastinate on things i have to do, not things i want to do.
I can relate so much hahaha I bought your book this week and I've almost finished it it's so good💓💓
Yupppppp
Thank you
I just did it. While pushing the person behind the doors.
With psychiatry, we call that cognitive behavioral theraphy where in we challenge and direct those kind of negative beliefs
Thank you so much for your videos. They are very well done & address issues I think everyone could stand to talk about a bit more in life. I admire the style of your channel, that its a self help style that includes a creative side. Your videos have made a difference in my life & I can't wait to see what else you create!! 💃✨
This happens to people without discipline.
I think it takes a lot of will to actually have conversations like that with yourself. You seem like a great, down to earth person that wants to know about her strengths and her weaknesses. Knowing that stuff might not always make you happy in the short term, but in the long term it will do wonders. I hope I get lucky enough to have awesome people like you in my life one day and anyone who has you in theirs is one lucky SoB. Keep being awesome!
Anna Akana: \n*Rock Show*\nLoudness/Crazy Nights\n(HighImpactFlix) \n<Pinned> Comment Section \nThe Vapors/I Think I'm Turning Japanese ;)\n\nBeastie Boys/Sabatage
yes how beautiful, to see how much youve grown and are able to help others through it.. thanks <3
I see you're stuffing your bras now or wearing a really strong push-up bra lol\nLooks nice tho 😂
I guess I'm having self-therapy because I question my actions and behaviors all the time. Thanks for raising awareness Anna!
I just wanna say, thank you. :) This helped.
Who's here for boobs?
I'm certain this lady is SICK TO DEATH of people telling her how hot she is, so i wont. She sure is Caliente though!
I want this girl to be my therapist!
Just came to look at her
What program/how do you create the illustrations for your videos? --btw I very much enjoyed this video's message <3
I bet you've heard this a lot but your hot have a nice day
This was great. I really needed this.
As always, you've nailed it. Great work, fair lady. Thanks for your insight.
Been clinically depressed and sometimes suicidal for years now, ans it got worse when my dad got permanently brain damaged and the other day, I scared my mom when we got into an argument and I forcefully ran into a wall in front of her. My high school councilor helps the slightest bit , but I’m going to college in a year so . . . Wtf do I do with my life XD
Thanks for the inspiration !😏
Hey Anna, could you do longer cameo in Ant-Man sequel? I need to see you act more...
your house is beautiful
i don't need your help, i can sabotage me by myself - caught in the middle by paramore, after laughter
Let's have an Asian Baby
1:06 cute toes
I can relate
BRAVO!!!
Sometimes a procrastinator and years of effort of suppressing self destructive behaviors due to my troubled childhood, you Anna, I praise your words of wisdom. I'm really sorry about your loss and everyone's their own judge but your are not to blame and I'm sure it would make your sister happy if you support the same positivity and encouragement to those who are struggling while bringing smiles to everyone's faces. Anyways, may God bless you and please take care! <3
Does Anna's boobs look bigger to anyone? #imjealous
Ray's chick.
You're so freaking iconic
Dog shes in antman
I love you
You are brilliant
Hottttttttt
Asians are gorgeous 🤔
HOWWWW DO IIIII STOP PROCRASTINATING !!!! 😭
Damn girl ur soo beautiful 😍😍🌹🌹🌹🌹
control search *boob*
A stands for Anna Akana
Stop.
I love her
bOObs
luv u!
Is Gotham no longer awesome?
life is crazy yo
seriously needed this tonight. thanks Anna!
1000th comment
Omg this is so truueeeeee
Very True!!!! SMH
Thanks
no thanks
One suggestion next time do your episodes topless you WAY more\nViews that way 😉😉😉😉👌🏼
Quit raping comedy, go have sex and quit being so prude ya dusty old bat.
Anybody have this chick’s phone number? I’d like to solicite her for sex.
Perfect timing. My self destructive behavior has completely changed my life for the worse recently. Hopefully this experience is just a wake up call.
I like your green dress, it's really pretty.
Hey Guys, Im the guy that was wearing the EverybodyFights shirt & I'm coming here to give my side of the story as to what happened. A lot of people think they know but have no idea how the altercation went down or what was said before the KO actually took place. I was on my way to work at the gym early in the morning, & I got on the train I was writing music minding my own business when I heard this guy talking shit about my hair, I didn't think much of it, til I took my headphones out & said I had nice hair, I responded that's not what you said, to which he got up & started saying I looked like a bitch because I have long hair, He kept inching closer to me so I got in my stance and threw my hands up just in case of anything & responded if I'm a bitch why don't you fight me ? To which he responded I don't wanna kill you, he kept on talking and I kept responding you're all talk and as I got off the train he followed me upstairs where the knockout happened, He started trying to put his hands in my face so I started parrying and slapping his hand away, I kept warning him don't get closer or I'm gonna hit you, he eventually got in my face & I hit him with a short right hook that folded him, I didn't wanna jump on him and hit him anymore because the reality is I didn't wanna hurt the guy, I simply was defending myself, he eventually got up and made his way upstairs where I was trying to again avoid confrontation, He threw his hands again and came at me so i squared up & got in my stance, once he realized he couldn't fight with me hands wise, he started pulling my hair this is where I started throwing uppercuts inside & once he started yanking my hair, I slammed him against the wall & started bashing his head against it & hitting him with right hands (the crowd was blocking the view) from there I got him in a guillotine choke with the intention of putting him to sleep and going to work, he slipped out after a couple seconds so I full mounted him & had my left hand on his throat while getting ready to strike with the right, I caught him with 1 right then the cops finally showed up. There was 3 witnesses (thank you whoever you are) that defended me as the cops would have taken me in otherwise, nonetheless I'm a musical artist who really don't look to fight anybody, you can follow my page @ZayGreedo thank you 💪🏽
This is Metal Vs. Rap materialized.
You deserve respect here. Rightfully and successfully defended yourself and he got what he deserved. He's lucky you were pulled off as you had full mount and he would have got seriously injured once you freed your hair from his grip.  Hope he learned a lesson and doesn't pull this shit with anyone else in the future.
Hair pulling......Lame
The real GOAT is the woman who lost her shoe https://youtu.be/VLdTVexvJ5Q?t=2m15s
I think I went to high school with Everybody Fights.\n\nFucker was always fighting with everybody, even me.
The guy with the long hair is actually a music artist IG: @Zaygreedo
The long haired guy is actually a personal friend of mine. He was looking for no trouble and somehow trouble found him. He’s a rapper and a boxer. His name is @zaygreedo on SoundCloud.
fuck man.. this has one good shot then it looks like grand theft auto NPCs fighting lol shit
dude was pulling hair lol
loooool
The hippy should have watched the UFC. Once you knock the guy out, you have to keep pounding him until you're sure he's stay down when you walk away.
Loved the look! I missed your makeup tutorials! 💙 Get ready with me coming up anytime soon? :)
I always love your natural make up looks. So realistic for everyday! Can't imagine Instagram style makeup as a midwife 😂
I miss your makeup tutorials.
Nice look. Fresh yet elevated as per usual, Fleur.
I need to know what nail polish are you wearing! Like NEED TO KNOW :D you are so pretty
You should do more tutorials :)
Your earrings are stunning! Love those hoops, where are they from? Like so she can see!!!
You make putting liner in your tight line look so easy hahah
I've really missed your make-up tutorials, Fleur. Since being pregnant, you look (even more) amazing without make-up. It's nice to see you embrace your natural pregnancy glow! After all the drama with the US YouTube influencers, it's refreshing to come back to you. I can't believe how unfairly critical I was of you in the past. You deserve so much respect for keeping it real. He, you prefer high-end and you remain consistent with it. You don't only use drugstore/high street make up just to gain views. You do you. I love that. Xxx
My perfect kind of look!
Hey Fleur :) beautiful video as always! do you not set your foundation at all? If I didn't, it would crease so much, especially under my eyes!
The lisptick is in 28 pecan nude? It looks more like 29 orchid glaze. I can't decide between those 2 so thanks for confirmation which one you've used in your video!
You've looked gorgeous throughout your pregnancy!
Yay!!! I have MISSED your makeup tutorials!!
Who else loves her accent? 😍😩
i really like this type of video, relaxing and satisfying ❤️ great one Fleur 😉
Thanks for uploading, this is beautiful! Why don't you like making makeup videos? (or is there another channel we can watch them at?) I really enjoyed it! 😙
I really wish one of you British influencers would talk about how your beautiful country is being taken over by terrorists/muslims.  People are being murdered on a daily basis.  How can you look at the destruction of your country and people, and then ignore it and talk about make up?
In my opinion that contour looks way too red.
Love the look! : )
Love this routine
£30 for an eyeliner!!!! Insane
Beautiful, Fleur!
Lovely look! ❤️❤️ Xx
Great video, gorgeous!
️Lovely
You looks so gorgeous thanks babe 💝💝
Bootiful💙
Hey girl hey🙋
Love you Fleur. You look amazing xxx
You look stunning!!!
Beautiful!
Gorgeous x
You should try putting oil (i use straight oils-think olive or sweet almond oil) on straight out of the shower at night (if you use an oil you shouldn't dry your skin before applying it) it's so hydrating and luxurious (crunchybetty.com has an amazing article on the oil cleansing method and which oils are best for which skin types and i use that as a guide for my body oils)
Could we have a drugstore version? X
Love the darker hair. It makes you glow
What colour of the contour is it that you are using?  I'm going to order online but I'm struggling over which colour to go for without actually getting to try it in person, however I use the same shade of Vitalumiere Aqua as you (on your recommendation - and I love it!) and so hoping that our skin shades for contour would match also! x
I really the makeup tutorials
I was hoping you would tell us which lipstick you wore for the pregnancy update vlog (which you also wore this pick jumper), I found that color just adds so much vibrant to you!
PLEASE DO A SKIN CARE VIDEO!!!!!! Also you are so beautiful
Really enjoyed this Fleur, I love your tutorials because of how you talk through the products while you're using them. The finished look was lovely and you definitely still have a great jawline while being pregnant! Mine wasn't great to begin with but now I'm pregnant I need some some heavy contouring! x
Please make a hair tutorial
Your skin looks better with no foundation or concealer, at least on camera that foundation looks a bit cakey.\nAnd, if you haven't already, check out the podcast the longest shortest time, it's about motherhood, especially early motherhood and it's awesome.
Make up is my city
Fleur, would this concealer  be good for mature skin?  If it is too creamy it could settle into lines.  Let me know what you think.
Which of the two CT contour shades do you wear? Thank you xo
Your skin is flawless! I love this beautiful simple look!!
Your brows are the best of any YouTubers I've seen. YBBB! I have a feeling others will feel self-conscious as time goes on and the OTT style goes out of vogue  🙈
Amazing very simple and Natural
Looking so gorg! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
Where is your top from?! So lush! X
that foundation is stunning! I don't think I have seen it on counters in Australia yet but hopefully I can get my hands on it soon!! great video 😍
What is your nail polish??
💞💞 the easy and simplicity of this make up tutorial...Gorgeous.
The colour of that lipstick is the most beautiful colour I've ever seen
You should be comfortable to be no make up on. you are beautiful naturally.
Beautiful!!!  I wish I could get away with all cream face products and no powder to set them...they melt off in the Texas heat otherwise!  ❤
Such a lovely transitional makeup look 😍  I think the blush is beautiful, you're just glowing!
Love this! I miss the makeup look videos!
Love the lip color so much!!
I still can't believe that there's going to be a baby DeForce in a few months!!❤️❤️❤️
This is random but ive just noticed that you, lily, niomi and bella like to tuck in your hair behind your ear in one side
Really been enjoying your videos lately- this, Fenty Beauty and the autumn transitional haul have all been great! I much prefer seeing you actually use products rather than just talking about them, like those new in (whatever month) videos.
Beautiful! I know other peeps have asked but what color contour wand did you use? Wasn't sure which to get. Thanks!
yay !! <3 good things come to those who wait! :) worth the wait!
What shade is the contour?
Thanks for this upload! I have always wondered how you do your daily makeup. I feel like you review a lot of products yet on film you use just a few... i mean I have never seen you do some bold eye makeups or flashy highlight+ contour combos
I love this look Fleur, am going to have to treat myself to the concealer. Love your nail varnish colour too! Do you find the ysl mascara smudges much as I have really watery eyes, so always end up having to wear waterproof mascara, or I go out and look like a panda within minutes! Any bit of wind or sun and they stream so always find buying high end mascaras an expensive risk. Pregnancy definitely suits you, your looking even more beautiful than ever xx Kate xx
And all that takes 10 minutes...
That concealer looks so good , I may have to try it !
You are so much prettier without the heavy eyeliner!
My bestie has the same issue with stuff staying on her nose. She doesn't like to fool with primer but I used it once on her & she uses it now all the time (just on the nose) might help if you find one compatible with the foundation you wear on the day. I've been eyeing the ByTerry & CT items you mentioned and may have to give them a go if they are still available. Hope you are feeling well & having a lovely week. Hugs, Summer xo
@fleurdeforce Concealer is tackier than foundation so put a little on your nose than follow up with your usual foundation then add the finishing touch with another dab of Concealer. It's a miracle for slippery noses :)) ❤️
Fleur you are looking gorgeous! You definitely have that glow! Xx
Beautiful with and without makeup x
Very pretty and simple look, I like it ^.^
I had the CT highlight wand for my birthday and it's amazing. Although I agree the applicator is difficult to blend with. So I've been using my fingers too. X
Fleur- is that the darker contour charlotte tilbury shade?
Haven't seen an everyday makeup look in so long, and this was so refreshing to see! Love the more natural effortless look, it's gorgeous <3
You love that sweater lol
This was lovely, Fleur!
Loving your brow collection!
Yay! I've been waiting for this video! I've gotta get my hands on the CT duo.
I didn't know you do conturing😜I always skip this step. I find it too long 😘
Gorgeous! Love how natural this look is!
Could you do a video on your wedding make up?
You didn't contour up the side of your nose to your brow
I like the use of contour as eyeshadow. I admit I'm lazy sometimes and fall back to this technique. I find it funny that we can have beautiful eyeshadow palettes and end up using simple bronzer/contour brown instead 🤣 you're gorgeous as always Fleur! ❤️
Hi fleur love the video so happy you've done another makeup one.you really look fantastic in that colour pink.xx💗😀
I'm really loving the tutorials! Would love it if you did these types more. But then again, I love all you put out ❤️💋❤️
Soooo good!  I've been wondering about several of these products, trust your opinion and also gravitate towards the mauve shades (all day, every day), so I'll have to watch again to soak it all in! ☺️ Thank you!  💖
What is your nail polish color dear?
How's the staying power on the EL DW cushion foundation?? Trying to decide between that one and double wear light.
Gorgeous look Fleur! I've been wondering what you have been doing recently with your makeup because it looks so lovely ✨
Fleur, you look stunning without or with make-up. Love the look!\nAnd stop worrying about your weight, you look amazing (your stripy dress on IG fooled me completely, I thought it was a pre-bump picture). Pregnancy suits you so nicely ♥
I am really interested to know which dye color is your roots. Thanks a lot xx
I like when you do like makeup tutorials I'm not great putting makeup on as I don't do it all the time so always learn something. Thanks!
This is the best tutorial for MY brows that I've ever seen. We have a very similar brown shape and hair type and I've never been satisfied when trying to fill in my brows using other Influensters methods. The entire makeup look is beautiful! I can hardly wait till I wake up in the morning to do my brows now!
So pretty!  I love how effortlessly pretty your makeup looks, perfect for every day :)
Hi Fleur ! I really love the By Terry lipstick and looked it up on the website, the colour 28 pecan nude looks much darker than yours. Is it possible it's another colour ?
Some black people want to be white so what's wrong with the opposite
I feel a little bad for her. She's honestly just dumb. She wasn't comfortable with her self, so she changed her self to the extreme, but that's her choice. The claims she is making just proves that she's dumb. (I'm mixed race so I can say whatever I want. No I'm totally kidding haha)
like tommy soto says..black women are the easiest to imitate..
She was sooo beautiful before I'm so annoyed she ruined herself
These people do not get the meaning of being black
What an idiot this dude is, and thats the difference between ppl in US and Europe, just throwing shit at her and not letting her explain or try to understand her. Ppl should be free to do whatever they want with their body, only in US whenever you do something ppl first think if you are attacking or offending another race. Instead of talking about courage... Good job girl, be whatever you want to be.
What kind of bullshit is this 🤔🤔
leave her tf alone. Im white black puerto rican and If she wants to be black let her. In a way its a compliment because obviously she thinks black is beautiful, what is wrong with people in this world nowadays? she loves black skin so much she wants to be black but the black people are hating but if she was hating theyd be hatin. They gotta find sommething to hate. Just let her be. I feel bad for her,. She so happy and people wanna shit on her by the end shes frowning. Get over yourselfs... Black skin is only skin deep. We all bleed red ! fuck outta here.
The dude in the grey sweater made the whole show
I don't understand why she have to stoop so low to change her appearance, she was a pretty white girl.
Proud owner of a black skin. 😭😭😭😭
Not everyone in Africa is black😒
I thought experiment practice on animals, I mean like ANIMALS.
She has a HUSBAND?????? 💀 \nHe looks MOIST as fuck!
95% of that crowd was so shocked they just internally started lifting her up in prayer lmao
Those boobs are way overkill they are the most crazy thing she's got going.
I see this the same as when my black (weak minded) people bleach their skin!!!
She wants to be black. Just let her be black. For fuck sake. Who cares?
This is just ....WOW... I MEAN REALLY !!!
Lol the truth is coming out. These people have ALWAYS envied EVERY SINGLE THING about us. Imitation is a firm of flattery
Well I feel it's her life & body to do what she wants, we have watch out blacks go bleach their skin. What's the differents, her doing all this don't make her black or our people bleaching their skin don't make them white. So more power to them all.
She is literally stealing melanin from dead black people and injecting herself on some Get Out type shit. This procedure is not approved and done on the black market. They are harboring corpses and mentally illed people like this buy our skin! I wish I would see someone say shes honoring black people. She has to kill black people to honor them? Melanin CANNOT be manufactured. Our dead brothers and sisters are being exploited on the backs of disgusting self hating narcissists.
I wonder what these injection's will do to our Albino individuals¿¿¿
Not the first white woman to do something like this yet white people still think we want to be them
Altho her look os extreme, you can see she went into this not knowing the backlash..shes a really nice person.and shes not racist..she actually felt black was beautiful enough to become it!! Who else does this?? Let her be
so this woman in question is clearly ignorant. That being said if someone legitimately wanted to change their appearance to a culture they feel like they relate to then i dont see the issue. If a man / woman can change their gender to one that they believe they are on the inside, let a person change to a culture and look they feel fits them.
I think those implants made its way to her brain.
Anna Nicole?  Is that you?
3:28 mfw a dude says he is a woman because he feels like a woman
If I were her husband, once we go to bed,  I'd be afraid her breast would explode and drown in saline or silicone.
Mhm no that lady is not black mhm nope not acceptable
calm down guys, she lost her whole family in a car accident, that is the reason for her behaviour. People deal with their traumas in different and weird ways.
first time I have seen white going black. Is this any worse than asian and black people lightning their skin? Just as crazy. \n\nI'm happy with my euro-asian skin, happy when I catch the sun an go a few shades darker, but I don't know if this is any more offence than people of colour taking tablets and putting bleaching creams on.
Her accents a turn off
IS SHE FROM GERMANY LMAOOOOO CUZ THE WAY SHE LOOKS oh man what a joke
can someone please upload the full season 20 episodes on youtube, unfortunately i cannot watch it here in the uk. it would be greatly appreciated thanks.
SHE CLEARLY HAS MENTAL PROBLEMS AND WHERE ARE THE GETTING THE MELION
The worst part is the breasts
why are people hating on her? Black folks would be happier if she chose a medium brown like her husband did yh a light brown would be acceptable.but because she chose a dark skinned brown which black ppl are ashamed of, you see all this disgust!  Black ppl don't like themselves simple.  her face is ugly and the boobs and that's about it.
she look so sorriful  \n n am sad for her
This woman clearly needs help, this is sad, she looks a mess,she is not happy with herself,and has not been I hope and pray that she realizes she needs help
It is disgusting that these clearly mentally ill people are put in the media. It just makes things worse.
she looks Cuban or dominican at 1:43 lol
I always thought Maury was and is a major creeper!!!!
My remaining brain cells just died
The mighty creator made your color for as reason ..her white features  don't go with Brown skin Damn fool she can never take a beautiful melinated sister place put her ass in a circus Damn clown!!!
If you can change genders you can change races
Put it back from the hell hole from where it came from.
At 4:08 ain't none of the white people stood up LMBAO
Mental instable or not. Its her skin her body her money. Nobody gets mad when black people start bleaching their skin, wear long straight hair aso. You people should learn tolerance.
She was the most beautiful without surgery. Her breasts are WAY too big!
If she just said she isn't from the USA, so she doesn't understand how insensitive she's being because not every country has such  a horrible history, she could have easily avoided so much of the backlash.  But because she's dense, she just plows ahead, claiming she's a black woman and no one should say different.
😂😂😂😂😂😂..from a beauty to a pile of 💩💩.
I'm black and I have to say calm the fuck down anyone that's offended I'm happy that she wants to be us and think so highly of us and not like a racist person that hate and want to kill us or some police officers that wants to jump us and plant evidence on us. I appreciate the love girl but you should be happy with who you are but that's not my life so do what you want but I think you need therapy but do what you want at the end of the day it is your life.
Everything about this screams fake :D especially her skin pigment darkening. It looks like it was made in a day, or in hours of time. She was wearing the same damn outfit. Most likely her skintone is only make-up, and they added it layer by layer, and they filmed her between these sessions. All is too damn well documented. Even the childhood pictures look too new to my eyes. It's probably not even her in the picture!!
tag yourself i'm the dude in the grey hoodie throughout the whole vid
She got conned into some experimental shit! She fucked up and is just making the most of this shit! OMFG. She got exploited and now is trying to exploit back. Shes been on alot of shows, shes making money off of the freak effect and advertising Cosmetic surgery.
If Men Can Wake Up and say they Feel Like A Woman,  and the World  Treat them As Such.  Why can't she wake up and change her skin and be Black?  Being a Woman isn't just Skin Deep Either.
Can we get Vicky dumbass on here too?
black people do it all the time
what's wrong with her voice? :/
SHE LOOKS PREGNANT IN THE CHEST!!!!
Nth is wrong with she wanting to be black
looks like the Real thing to me😌
Maury: Do you feel black?\nMichael: I'm a medium. \n\n😒😦😐
She wanted to reverse the treatment but got discriminated against.
Maury is the man of the people!!!
Carzy train is coming to your city !!!
I thought I would be offended by this, but actually, I'm not. I just feel bad for her.
I feel sad for her 😢 she seems like a nice person 😢
If she happy I love her all at her neck she foreign clearly and if men can turn in woman she should have rights to to be happy
The proud owner of black skin🤔
Those dress straps holding on to dear life
Her look is her new look. Im concerned what them injections are causing harm to.
ok but. her tits are so big its so fucking uncomfortable to look at.\n\n\n\n\ni want to die.
Mask 😷 off bitch be humble and sit the fuck down!
now you ugly asf
She prolly has bad back pain
5:52 dude was dying  😂
WoW
is this...racial appropriation?
a sales pitch
She looks terrible.
I'll smack that bitch
Where to start...
😞🔫
Her voice is fucking annoying.
Im not offended. Shit #BLACKGIRLSROCK... Do you boo boo😉
SPEECHLESS
3:53 - reaction like oh yes baby, amen, preach Maury!!!! lmao
Those boobies gota go
Someone kill her pls
5:53 mood
disgusting.
Hello
Fuck this wigger
Omg 5:54 tho 😂😂😂
her skin really look brown tho
Blck ppl wanna be white...white ppl wanna be blck i yi yi
It’s all the same in my opinion. If you get all the surgeries to MIMICK something you WILL NEVER TRULY BE you have serious mental issues! Whether you’re transgender or transracial or transturtle!
Cute but wow expensive clothes!! Haha nice one Amelia! Love it as always! X
I absolutely LOVE your style! Oh how I wished I could afford your beautiful pieces! <3
I guess only Amelia can pull off a fashion video that genuinely radiates with positive energy and keeps you smiling for almost 15 minutes non stop ✨😘 Kisses, gurl, you rock the fashion world and totally deserve that ❤️
Woo girl you spend a pretty penny on clothes! Loved watching this though
love your style... but dont have that much money to spend on clothes .... <3
The givenchy boots are amazinggg
this type of video is amazing!! pls keep doing them
I never get tired of what a wear videos. This was AWESOME!
This c tilbury palette better be worth it. Trusting you Amelia.
Wow just one of your outfits is over 3000 pounds! I realized a lot of bloggers, you tubers, etc during fashion week wear outfits worth over 1000-5000 dollars. I do know that you guys work hard for it! Its just crazy to fathom
I loved the addition of prices on screen. Helps to know what I can actually afford and click only on those ones 😊 😘
OMG!!! So beyond excited for you meeting Charlotte Tilbury! 😍😍😍😍😍 Congratulation, girl!! I know how much you love her and her brand! It must have been a dream come true ✨✨✨
Great style Amelia! And thanks for showing us also your productive and walking gear:) I just loooove how you talk to Duke in the park, I do that also haha. And that nail polish colour looks awesome on you.
I love your style, gorgerous! You can do a video like this every month.
Can you please please do an updated hair care/style routine
I love everything except those balenciaga boots, I'm sorry but I just want to set them on fire and watch them burn
hi Amelia, what brand are your round gold frame glasses from ?
You know that grey sweater with the pom poms you wore last year? What brand is it? I love it.
That Fashion Week outfit is so Almost Famous!
I LOVE dog licks!!! 😂 I feel the exact same whenever I see dogs anywhere!!
That intro thou 😂😂😂😂
gorgeous outfits
Damn you got some expensive shit!
Love that you added the prices-so helpful!!
Are you the cutest human alive?
The white dress with the slip from Monday evening is so cute! Thanks for showing off your style!
I can't believe your wearing a down jacket already, it was 89 degrees in N.Y. today. Dreading the cold winter ahead and hoping for a really mild winter. You look adorable in whatever you wear.
The white zimmerman dress, bag and shoes combo was TO DIE FOR... really made me rethink that gucci blooms collection ! Looved the video Thank you so much 💗👐
Amelia, I absolutely lovedddd this video 😍😍 perfect!!! Pls do more such videos .. love your style babe x
Your wardrobe is amazing - love everything you wear! Beautiful!!
Love the outfits💗
You are killing it with these outfits girl! I need to get my hands on that gilet xx
Loved this! Where is your pretty gold necklace from? Thanks ! X
OMG Love!!! Last night was my birthday and I think it was the first time all year I wore heels LOLOL <3 <3
I like this series! Should do them more often!
Love this style of OOTD
Amelia, it would be great if you could find more dupes! Love a lot of these but definitely can't afford all of them haha.
We love your style Amelia :-)))
Love the lime dress so much !!!
what size do you have in your toyshop jamie jeans?? <3 love you
Loved this video, and especially loved those glasses you wore walking Duke. Would you mind checking the link for those, as it seems to be to a totally different pair. Love your always positive vibes and your style! Take care!!
Your style is AMAZING!
That reversible vest is perfect ahh!!
omg obsess with duke! soooo cute
Everything  is beautiful  😍
Love your hair
Yaaay 🤗 New fashion video 🙄
Amelia, honestly love your videos! 😊😊 love all your handbags!
Great Style 👌🏻😍😘🙋🏻
Looking gorgeous
Absolutely loved this video! You should do these more often xx
love how Duke looking at you every day,while  you showing your outfits 😂sooooooo cuuuuute😭😍
Hey, what are those Nike trainers called?
Love how you mix designer with high street!
You look like a princess ! In those manolo blahnik
I loved all the guest appearances from Duke in this video....and yes, I too love puppy/dog kisses!
Love the Givenchy boots, but the Balenciaga ones are hideous in my opinion. And they are everywhere 😔😔 - but its fun to watch you 👍🏽
Beautiful clothes, great style love duke in your videos he makes my day. keep up the great work. 👍😊
Loved this! Your style is so cute :))
I surched up my name and I found this lol
DREAAAMY outfits!!! Love your taste in fashion and style! 😍\nCan you recommend the top wardrobe pieces to invest in?
Just wanted to say Amelia a huge congratulations  on doing the video with charlotte tilbury I watched your videos for years and I you have always mentioned her products so to see you working with her in videos is amazing and fabulous congratulations xxxx
So lovely this video 👌🏻 I loved all of your outfits 😍
Your style is so fabulous
Haha I always have at least a pair of heels and another jacket in my car, life saver! But how are you not cold? I live in London as well and I swear I wanna put on my whole wardrobe when I go out haha. Loove the Zimmerman white dress and the Manolos xx
Love love love you. And your hair 😍😍 Duke is the cutest little cutie pie 💞😘
No hate, but why all that price tags? I mean... whats the point? :) Just curious :) ✌
Love from Malaysia..
The Tularosa dress is one of my favs! Lace and those sleeves, so pretty.
RETARD
When I see that notification, I legit freak! Love your videos!!
Shit an african child would probably be set for life off of the money you spent on one pair of shoes.
Amelia - the link for the zimmerman dupe isnt working.
You look amazing
Duke!!!  <3
Loved the blog
Love this. Definitely need to do these more often. Super informative
Loved this video Amelia! I loved the informal/vlog style!!! Please make more!! 💜
Love how the romper looks with that coat! Gorgeous!
why are you even fucking bothering? nobody gives a fuck. I'm sat in sports kit, should I film it? no..cos I'm not a narcissistic cunt.
The finale is everything!
I love her vibe and her energy, she makes me so happy! ✨
If you haven't seen her on W's Screen Tests with Lynn Hirschberg, I highly recommend it.
this is legit the most NATURAL interview from the series ...
Loooove Tracee!! She's my celebrity idol! A woman of substance with amazing style, grace, genuine joy and confidence. My favorite Vogue 73 questions thus far!!!😍
I would really love to know how Tracee keeps her energy up during the day without stimulants. I have issues with caffeine, even in chocolate, as well but I'm also tired all the time...
I love everything about her.. beautiful person inside and out
BEST ONE THUS FAR
The most authentic of all these. I love her!
One of the best ones, hands down.
Sorry, but she and SJP are probably the only mature and inspiring folks that have been featured so far.
#woke. She #woke up like this too.
Ok that’s the best 73 Q video so far
Tracee is amazing- def one of the most stylish women at this moment
I love her personality.
This was hands down the best one--sooooo much fun!  Love her house! Love her clothes!  Love her!
73 questions with lily Collins please
Her vibes always makes me happy, & her soul so beautiful , full of life & positivity.  💕💙💕❤️
This was literally the only one that didn't feel scripted and contrived.
Love her! She's so real! But how does she live without sugar, caffeine, and chocolate 😭!?
DO IT WITH ZAYN MALIK PLEASE
I could watch this over and over again. I love Tracee so much. This interview is one of my top faves.\nIt was cool when she said would do a threesome with Rihanna and James Dean.
Not a dull moment !! I love this woman :) Earnest, intelligent, sexy, confident, funny and such an individual. More love and power to you Tracee !
73 Questions with Aishwarya Rai in her Mumbai Home Jalsa...Pleassssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!
The power to impeach...lmao. This why i heart this woman. She already is a style icon
I had no idea who this person was before watching this video. I still have no idea who she is. But i LOVE her
She is the kind of woman you will want to get lost with a new city and discover your passion for life, friendships and happiness, all over again.
I WISH GIRLFRIENDS WOULD COME BACK
She already a style icon in my mind. I want permission to frame some of her looks or buy.
Y'all better get this woman  on the cover of Vogue soon! Long overdue imo.
lmao @ her life coach alter ego.  That was good!
This is the absolute best and most inspiring 73 Questions I could ever dream of. THANKYOUTRACEEILOVEYOU
She’s my favorite
Honestly the best 73 questions so far! love love love Tracee
BEST ONE EVER this is how it should feel like you just popped over your olf friends except that your getting to know each other
I love this woman! She is so amazing. Such a great personality! :)
Wonderful.  Her home is lovely, not ostentatious.
My favorite 73 Questions by far
Her home looks really cozy! I like that
This is definitely one of the best 73 questions, very authentic
She's so beautiful! 😍❤️
This Woman is amazing!!! 🙏Respect
Can you do this with Ellen Pompeo from Greys Anatomy?
I just love her!!
Is she Barry Gordy's daughter?
This was the greatest 73 questions with the most amazing guest so far. It was hilarious, fun, cute and NATURAL. These other guests act like they memorized their answers like a script. Ugh everything Tracy does is amazing
I love her. She has such a beautiful smile and spirit!
Goddamn do I love her
THIS ONES THE BEST.
That's cool and interesting that she has her Alter Egos framed on the wall.
She is life, and Life is her!!!
What's the name of the 2nd author she recommended ? I can't understand it
Would anyone please tell me what authors she suggested to read? I only got the first one. Please!!
My favourite one so far!
Such a class act
I've said it once, and I'll say it again, Evan ross is slowly morphing into Luscious lyons.
Most fascinating 73 questions yet!!!  This woman is nothing short of exquisite.
I love her home. Scripted. Still love her home.
well what a delight ! lol
classy! had no idea she can speak french! Underrated actress
I want to be like her when I grow up! 🤓
I. LOVE. Tracy Ellis Ross, she is naturally funny, her home is really homey and down-to-earth.  And the bunjee-jump scream was hil-arious!
Since Girlfriends, didn't know she was kind of a role model...slick lady!
My god I don’t know if I can take any more of this phony hoe.
I love Tracy. Beautiful spirit
She is the woman I aspire to be 💕
This is the best 73 questions ever!!!!
This was the realest one yet.
Love this woman, icon.
I wanna be like Tracee 😘😍
ARIANA grande next please 😊😊😊
YA$$$$$$$$ KWEEN💁🏽🙌🏽💁🏽🙌🏽💁🏽🙌🏽
I LOVE her!💜
This was SOOOO funny!
I CLICKED SO FAST.
So great!!
love it!!
Cool lady!
I love her :)
😍😩😍
my favourite 73 questions yet????
YAY RAINBOW ! ❤️
Milf
ANYBODY ELSE DOING THESE COPY HER AMAZINGNESS
Fab! Yes! Woot! Energy! Aura! Style! Hair! Trees! Belting! Origami Cranes! AHAHAHAHAHA OHH GEEZ THIS MADE MY DAY, she's just so, so, so, so lovely.
Love Her!!!
Queen!
Looooove Tracee
Goddess
tracee is iconic.
YESSS DO YARA SHAHIDI NEXT!!
https://embposts.wordpress.com/2017/09/22/85/#more-85
Light personified
LOVE HER!!! 💋💋💋
I fucking LOVE her!!!
73 QUESTIONS WITH MY BITCH RIHANNAAAA!!!!!!!!!!
What a gem
Best 73 Questions ever....
Completely loved this!
Emma Watson PLS
All that and they never actually brewed a cup of tea?
How did people ever live 100 years ago
Fun fact: ISO is NOT an acronym and is pronounced “eiso” not “I-S-O”
Who thought the ISO standardized Tea would cost 40$ ? 😂
Everybody complains about adding milk to the tea\n.\n.\n.\n.\nWhile I'm here adding milk AND egg to my fucking tea
3:26 A tea standard without China? Fake standard!😂
Well how does it taste?
that's not how tea made. What nightmare
Nice transition to the sponsor
More like twice as interesting!
Is this Tom Scott? https://youtu.be/jvJzi0BXcGI
Of course the USSR approved it, they didn't even know how to make bread, do you really think they knew how to make tea on their own?
The reason milk was added first in historic instances was to protect the delicate bone china from shattering when hot water hit the cold cup, they added milk first so the hot water added would be slightly cooler and no cause the cup to shatter. But that is no longer the case with cups anymore, other than fine bone china.
I enjoyed the video, but I do have one critique. I’m sure you basically pulled Brasil out of a hat without realizing that they actually do drink tea there. Not the same tea like in the U.K. or the other countries mentioned, true, but they do drink tea. I lived there for just a few years and had tea all the time, often from herbs people grew at home. So yeah, may e a Brazilian researcher wouldn’t know how to brew tea like a British researcher would, but he could make some type of tea I’m sure. (My favorite I had while living there was probably camomila)
Milk BEFORE tea?! BLASPHEMY! Come, Brits and tea lovers, buck the system! TEA BEFORE MILK. *GOD SAVE THE QUEEN.*
Or the researchers could agree on how to prepare their tea so that the preparation method is uniform. And document their preparation procedure for anyone else who would want to replicate the experiment. No need to feed Eurocratic snobs $40 for that.
As an English person I belive it's a *Mortal Sin* to add milk first
I want a video on ISO for how to Wipe arse after business has been finished
Ay say what you want but this is SOOOOO FUCKEN GOOD I love this series
I put the milk in my tea before the water. Otherwise the teabags will burn.
You know its gonna be a good video when 5 million brain cells die before you even get to 1:00
Who the hell puts milk in tea?
I'm Brazilian and we do drink tea, just not as much as we drink coffee though. The whole milk after or before tea thing makes no real sense, since tea isn't served with it here and it would be seen as weird.
Wait there's an ISO for cereal? Does the cereal or the milk go in first!?
3:28 the part where Turks look and go: WTF?! MILK IN TEA??
If brewed tea is add to milk then fine. But you never brew in pre milked water because the milk will slow the defusing. Yours a British Citizen UK.
This channel needs to be renamed Twice As Interesting.
40 dollars i could pay someone to brew for me ... with changes lol
Well that's because the Irish would be honoured to educate the rest of the world how to make tea, we just couldn't be arsed!
Welp it looks like the animator won't be getting a Nintendo switch any time soon.\n\n( Buying a Nintendo switch for your animator would be a better way to waste your money then a internationally recognised tea recipe. )
I thought you were going to actually make a cup of tea!  So disappointed.
I'm with the Irish on this one; YOU DON'T PUT THE MILK IN BEFORE THE HOT WATER!!!
Love the anthem in there lmao
I am British and I can happily teach you for free how to make a cup of tea, DM me lolol
Is the interesting half full or empty?
I have a Masters degree in international trade law, which might be a factor; but this is truly the best thing I have ever seen.
I hate bureaucracy... I would never pay $40 for a peice of paper.
I like the .iso file format for virtual disk images.
The soviet anthem killed me 😂
This is the first of your videos I've watched, and it's hilarious. Subscribe
I have a question\n\n\n\n\nWhat's a gay bomb?
Dude, if you put the milk in first you don't have to stir... only a degenerate would put his milk in AFTER
He wants a Nintendo switch
I know this is small and picky\nIts kinda frustrating you started listing countries then stopped\nI know you were going for a joke but, \nIt felt more frustrating then funny  \nand the fast scrolling words kinda gave me a headache \nI know that last bit is personal but. . uh. . still xD\nOther wise the jokes were top notch xD
Cool. I'm gonna sue the hell out of my local Starbuck's for Not making tea by the ISO standard.
So I've been drinking tea wrong all my life!? Shame!Shame!
No one knows my language Japanese :(
Why did you like the googke comment?
Your editing is on point hahah keep up the awesome work mate!
I'm bummed you didn't actually make the tea!
But I Want A Nintendo Switch 1:12 bottom left
As a University student studying a science degree, I have to say, the ISO is the bane of my existence. \n\nBut I also have to say why on earth is there not an ISO for plugs/ sockets and home electricity around the world. Seriously, needing a different plug to charge my shaver and toothbrush is a right pain, then if I go on holiday to the US I am expected to wait like two hours to charge my phone half way, what is this madness, everywhere needs to just use the same plug and power (preferably the UK standard unless a better alternative is available)
well made episode about an awesome topic with a fun sense of humour! loved it, keep it up!
Learned nothing.  Still watched twice.  8 out of Crunk.  Would watch again.
Actually in Wales we pour in the milk first then the tea :D
Wooowwww  cool  😊  it's the human trafficking container 😊
ISO is the same as UN. they are useless as f.
Rick Sanchez would disapprove, don't conform, fight the robots (bureaucrats), be individual's and just get wrecked while partying.
I'm glad the USSR approved tea standards!
Wait, who'd put milk in tea to begin with?\n- A Dutchie
Most British people would veheremently protest this ordering\n\nYeah cos it's fockin wrong mate. Whats this bullshit about scaldin the milk? Just get it right.
I get a kick out of Charpy impact tests.
2:37 is that to buy the paper for that standard, or is that to get your product reviewed for compliance?
I'm from Brazil and this video is tearist
How many Toyota Corollas does it take to make a cup of tea?
After a close and at times vicious campaign I have been elected to speak for the citizens of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and tell the world only a fucktard puts milk in first.... \nLet’s all work together to end fucktardiness. \nhttps://youtu.be/FtK_vfp8po8 go to +45 sec
If you read the rest of he paragraph, milk inserted after tea is ok too... As long as it's within the 65-80degree region.
Hahahaha.. I'm pissing myself with laughter! 3:38 \nDON'T PUT THE MILK IN FIRST, YA EEJIT!\nSpot on response lad! hahaha!
I think the problem about putting milk into tea is that they are not mentioning what type of tea. Some tea, like delicate Chinese tea should never have milk in, but strong black Indian tea, needs milk as it can be bitter without.
This channel is better than the main channel.
Those cunts can go fuck themselves. I'm gonna torrent their ISO standards.
They call any prepared drink, liquor. Get your act straight, iso. Snobby drunks.
Is a hot dog a sandwich
Wtf who puts milk in first
I guess dog vs cat = coffee vs tea
You made a big mistake in your video, the ISO does not permit anyone to publish direct content from the purchased ISO standard paper. The terms and conditions of sale and Customer Licence Agreement of the ISO do not permit such a thing, you will have to remove this video or face charges.
Being British, the milk first bollocks really boils my piss
I need to write someone an angry letter, that's bloody ridiculous! The milk is always after, god what is the world coming to...
ISO Standard for no soul: $959.00
Half as Interesting, twice as hilarious
#fuckskillshare lol
What the fuck? People put milk in tea?
FUCK FUCK USA
that sudden soviet anthem tho
That USSR moment 😂😂😂😂
If you don't have $40 to send to Switzerland, send $120 for a year at Skillshare instead ...  So rich with comedy.
lol I love 3:30 kept rewinding to it 😆\nThe funny thing is I just was listing to the anthem an hour ago not even joking ! 😆
99% of all his views came from British people
A eurocrat is a European based bureaucrat with influence over the UK. UB is just a basic definition probably from when the term first evolved, but you can use it way more than that.
No fecken milf in me tea!
I love this
Coffee is waaayy better
Iso means big in finnish launguage lel
Because I hate money..lol
WHY IS THIS TRENDING?
And Yugoslavia
Milk in tea?
Fibo Machine Pro http://bit.ly/2jRQMJl
Great content
so pointless.
up until now, this is the greatest thing we've ever done.  Lettuce know what can top this...
Yum! 😍 Please try to make ramen ice cream! I made a video on it but I want to see your take on it! 😀
Make GIANT pepsi
GIANT OF CORSE YEAHHHH
Make a giant Cinnabon delight
Make chilli cheese bites... and Mabey make I huge
Make a giant kitkat
Giant pizza roll
Please make large donut ❤
Using Bongiovi sauce but no Jon Bon Jovi music?
Giant soft taco?
4:47 lol i heard Bon Jovi.
This made me hungry 😋
ive never had a baegel bite
🍗🍗🍗
Could  u guys do a Kraby pattie .😃😃😃
1:16 😂😂😂
#findKrums
Giant lunchables plz
The giant pizza bit
Try make something mini
please make giant rolled ice cream!! 😭
Make a giant croissant 🔥🔥🔥😍🤤😍
NORMAL MASTER RACE!!!!!!!!!!!1!111! Bb
Make a giant macaroons pls
what difference betwen Bagel and Donuts?
Do naked egg taco shell from Taco Bell.
Make  Dr pepper ice cream
Giant
Do giant doretos
Shepherd's Pie inside a Meatloaf?\n:Please
Diagnostic milk powder?  How about diastatic malt powder?
Do a giant mcflurry
Cant wait for my oven....
make a holo pancake!
Fried egg shell taco
GAINT LUNCHABLE!
oh and something about snapchat
The big one
And done
Smae gurl
BUT THAT SUNSET THO!!
Make spaghetti tacos
pizza rolls > beagle bites
I HATE BAGEL BITES!!!!
Can you make applebee’s chicken quesdilla
Make a giant pissbery pizza pop
DO A GIANTTTTT GUMMYYYYYY
giant totinos pizza roll
Make a giant frozen yogurt 😋😛
I would have the giant one
I can eat 40 bagel bites in one sitting I'm 13 and skinny idk how
You should do a giant funnel cake
Hey why don't you do BIG CHEETOS!! Like if u agree.
Can you make a giant Hershey cookie' s and cream bar
im watching this when i have never eaten a pizza bagel/bagel bite\n\n\n\n\nim sorry
NO! You'll have beef with mark dohner cause u used but that sunset doe
I just ate 32 bagel bites i had 55 but my friends ate it and i said stop i have no more in stocks but he said it was yummy and 4 more friends came and tasted it and yummy and they took it at that moment i got 32 bagels i was not yet full i can still handle more but no more lazy to go to store beat my record
Can you guys make a hot dog from Johnny Test
I used to make mini pizzas by cutting English muffins in half
recreate the Jollibee Chicken Joy Please! it's a filipino Fast food chain but They have branches all over the US! PLEASEEE
157 has been my record..I love bagel bites
1:56 if you look to the right you can see a HAIR😑
WAIT.....dose JP stand for Jen and pat??
To each I aren't
Make a giant Caesar salad...with full slices of bread as croutons
Bank of America big ones is that the best medium is the
JP and Julia I have a problem in school beacuse my fucking dumb classmate told my teacher she was my hates teacher
Every video Jp/Julia be like :\n This is the greatest thing i've ever done  😂
If you are famous reply to this comment
is it just me im eating mini pizza's while she's makeing one lol stealler lol jk yrc
1:35 all of that was thats what he/she said
1:56 was...was that a hair under the dough?
Hey can u guys make a mac and chesse inside a meatball pls
🎶Do the bagel dance, bagel dance🎶\n- Jake Paul
honestly my fave couple <3 they always have so much fun together!
I’ve never eaten a bagel because I dont live in America or a country that sells them
I really wanna try that!! Great job guys🌚💛
Jp: people who hate giant things \nPersons name is :I like small things in my mouth lol 😂
CAN YOU DO GIANT FISH STICKS OR CAN YOU DO ANOTHER HOW TO MAKE THE TOP TEN MENU OR SUM THING S CHANNEL!!!!
GALAXY TACOS GALAXY PIZZA GALAXY CAKE GALAXY BURGER AND GALAXY HOTDOGS!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n LIKE IF YOU  AGREE
At 1:58 a hair gets on the dough😂🤢
Does Anyone Else Watch These At Night Then Get Really Hungry After? :D
Yall should do a giant recipe backwards like so they can see
Anyone notice the hair on the counter?
Make Subway's Autumn carved turkey sandwich
I can eat 80 (2 packs) if if i did not eat lunch at school I can
I have no idea what bagel bites are because I don't think we have them in uk or at least Newcastle
Is this video still monotized
Make a giant candy cow tail
So you can make a giant bagel bite but not giant Tootise Rolls of all assorted flavors including vanilla lemon chocolate and strawberry? Okay... Make it happen tho
Make a galaxy marshmallows Healthy junk food  plz and thank you
The giant bagel dough sound like a anal tutorial
Rip pepperoni. 2017😭 like if agree and comment
Squeeeeee!! I see the ring!!!!!!
Can yo make a gigantic lollipop
not a fan of the random commercials in video..
Make a giant Hershey bar
the giant stuff is so stupid no ones making that shit and the normal size would be better even if they did
You should make a giant vanilla wafer
this deserves more views rlly love this song <3
DAMN THIS IS JUST INCREDIBLE!! LOVE LOVE LOVE..
Amazing talent. Fell in love with her when I first heard Alaska. She does her thing without worrying about what anyone thinks about her. She's perfect
NEW MUSIC FROM MAGGIE OH MY GOSHHHHHHH
The North Face ad brought me here!
I had to sit through a 30 sec ad for this. \n\nIt was worth it.
Anyone here because of the North Face Ad?
is she not perfection?
So in love with this and Maggie!
Finally new music from Maggie. Gonna go ahead and replay this 7 million times.
Her recording style is so refreshing. It's clear that she puts some serious time and effort into these songs.
I regonised Amsterdam and Rock Werchter \m/. I see that you had a great time. I enjoyed both shows and I hope you will be in the neighborhood again someday.
I love her shes such a babe
I heard this on a north face ad and I had to look it up loll
such a free spirit
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
I'm sorry, it's a beautiful video and song, but IM TERRIFIED FOR HER SUNGLASSES BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE THEY FLEW OFF HER FACE AND INTO THE OCEAN.
You are like the coolest woman on earth.
I’m sorry, but this song is generic crap.  It sounds like so much else out there. I’m disappointed. Maggie is better than this.
Another bop and a half from my fave 🎉
I love her so much
Love you Maggie hope I can meet you one day.
Maggie the type of girl you wanna be best friends with
21 people will never know what it feels like to Slit Stones!
I would have expected far more than only 22k views.
I’m in Love 😍
amazing song. imagine her on a dope ass edm song or techno...\n\nupdate: heard the chorus drop. nice work
SO IN LOVE WITH THIS! SO IN LOVE WITH MAGGIE!
She has come up with yet another beautiful song and video,I'm sure here in England it won't be a appreciated,it's a great shame she doesn't get the recognition she deserves over here.
I haven't even watched it yet but I love it
Just heard this on Spotify’s “New Music Friday,” and really liked it. Consider me a new fan
Anybody notice her glasses fly off at 1:05?
...the word lithe comes to mind\nand then after lithe - as if\nout of nowhere - the word \nlithe appears as does the word \nlithe but more than anything\nit's the word lithe that really\nhits home even before \nthe word lithe comes to mind\nps\nmeaning definition & etymology of the word lithe:\n1. elasticity of limb\n2. contortion of the human frame\n3. corporeal ecstasy \nIt was first discovered in Easton, America (25/4/1994)\n& more recently in Amsterdam Netherlands (2/3/2017)
HERE FROM THE NORTH FACE COMMERCIAL AHAHA
folk gang, gang gang
YASSS QUEEN !
1:07 R.I.P. for the sunglasses
Maggie rules
10 mio views in one month ✌️ If you could feel 😜
Please come to Brazil! ❤
it would like a better video clip but Split Stones sound great :)
I have been waiting so long for another video. Thank you. Such an amazing talent. I swear, I dance the same way. Hands in the air, without a care in the world. Keep spreading your love, positive energy and amazing music. We can't get enough.
1:07 yeah does sun glasses are dead for sure
I love you, from Venezuela 🇻🇪❤️
AHHH she played this live at Glasto! Thank god there's a music video now :)
Hell yeah I'll watch an ad for Maggie
you👏🏻deserve👏🏻so👏🏻much👏🏻more👏🏻recognition.
I love this video. It makes me want to be Maggie's friend so we could go adventuring and be goofy together. 😊
Thank you for the new content, I love your music so much it gives me all the feels
Yes finally more Maggie!! I love her smile her dancing her entire style and especially her music!!!
Love this. Felt a bit Lana de Rey Unreleased :)
Say what you want about her but she puts her heart into everything she does and makes AUTHENTIC music which is rare nowadays, the world will want more of her now, and it deserves it
I see some of Hamburg :)
I can't stop listening. This is my 25th time that play it. It is so fucking good.
liked it even before the video started :')
I love this video Maggie!  It's so fun and happy!!  It made me smile super big!!
thanks for existing
Just amazing and fabulous
The full embodiment of freedom from the limitations of genre. A free spirit that flies in the face of conventional wisdom. Thanks!
She looks like every girl on queen street Toronto
Notification squad, where u at?????
A e s t h e t i c
Wow she is just so real!
who wouldn't love her dancing ? <3
Maggie this is amazing!! I’m absolutely in love with the song and the video is so adorable 😍
I love you from Japan.
Watching her makes me so happy 😊
i really want to marry her. damn it
This is what you call magic.
Amei, melhor cantora de 2017, vem para o Brazil Maggie ( Come to Brazil, Maggie, I love you. )  ^^❤❤❤
Great!
1:05 RIP glasses
nc
Great song
off brand sylvan esso
New Maggie forever.
Rated R for Repeat.
I like
Yessss!!
minha maggie ta viva <3
AAAA YESSSS
❤
😍💖
Discovered accidentally but wowww  i gonna stan
I LUV
casa comigo Maggie ?
Woo
MAGIC
Amei 💜
wifey material
charming video <3 Amsterdam.
Did she lose her sunglasses when she flicked her head?
Maggie makes me want to liiiiiiiive
thank GOD
Is it Amsterdam?
I love you!
This is great <3
I LOVE THIS DROP OF SUNLIGHT GOD BLESS UR EXISTENCE
my baby's so talented. and also when u dance so hard ur glasses fly off the boat ;)))
this is kinda stupid.
A family friend just died a month ago of vCJD. I wonder when they made this video. Was he included in the four cases from the U.S., or has the number now jumped to five? :(
Why were we feeding ground up sick animals to cows? Don't cows eat grass?
YOUTUBE FOR FUCKSAKE STOP RECOMMENDING ME THIS VIDEO, I ALREADY WATCHED IT TWICE
Fun fact! This is why I don't eat beef! But now also environmentalism reasons.
Considering hamburgers are 90% lips and arseholes.....its probably best to sear clear of them anyway.
I can't donate blood since I used to live in Europe in the 90's because of this. It's like I have Schroedinger's Mad Cow Disease.
what about mad snail disease?
YEAHhhhhhhh .... Just totally gloss over the fact that the cattle testing program here in the US wouldn't catch a case that occurred even if there was one. Besides not testing nearly enough of the cattle we eat, the cattle are slaughtered at less than 2 years old. Which is long before BSE would be detectable. And even one prion is enough to eventually kill you, the amount you eat just determines how long the incubation period is. And we have an Alzheimer's epidemic where the symptoms can in some cases be strikingly similar to vCJD... (cough cough ignore the anomalous autopsies of Alzheimer's and dementia patients.)
It's been mooted that a cleaning process involving carbon-tetraflouride that was stopped, IIRC, in the 80's, (over legitimate concerns about it's use) may have allowed the scrapie prion to migrate.
F u Mad Cow! Getting nagged at 24/7 to give blood, while no one wants it cuz I went to the UK to visit fam a few times in the 90s 🖕
I wonder if Donald Trump ate his own steaks? If so, where did they come from? \nThat might explain a lot! ;-)
Prions in land fills, do not die. Think about what they do with the brain. The brain contains the Prions and yes they can travel to other areas of the body, but mostly they are found in the brain.
They run out of finance after the project got discovered, like the aids and anti biotics project. All man made problems they get paid to fix.
I actually know someone who died of mad cow disease about 5 years ago and in just two months she was dead. it was on the news and everyone was freaking out cause apparently another lady in the same area got it around the same time
And now we're feeding chicken by products to chickens..........
How did people get vCJD if it's not transmitted through meat?
I knew JCVD was deadly but damn.
they also make pigs carnival.
I still don't like hamburgers though. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan. I just hate the taste. :|
if you want to know more about this, look up kuru
Use lake conclusion chief half site display healthy.
So thats what all the fuss was about... huh.
There is a similar prion disease in humans called Kuru. Groups in Papua New Guinea that practiced cannibalism in funeral ceremonies cooked and ate most of the body including the brain. After the practice was discontinued new cases dropped dramatically but it still popped up for over 50 years from people who were infected before the practice was ended. The last official death from Kuru was in 2009 and the epidemic was declared over in 2012 with no verifiable cases since.
There's one inaccuracy in this video. When he says that all cases in the u.s. were picked up over seas. My grandma died of vCJD before i was born. They don't know how she got it. So we can't know for sure that it was picked up over seas
New farming practices yeah like not force cannibal feeding cows? Genius.
I actually knew one of the few that were effected by the human strain. It was really sad :(
In India, we call people like you 'Champu'😂
Man I guess I should never eat cow anymore. Probably shouldn't eat pork just to be safe. Plus with bird flu I shouldn't eat chicken either. You know what? I'm just going to eat bats and bush animals, that's almost certainly safer!
huh.. so its not a zombie apocalypse.
Yep, can't donate blood in the USA because of living in the UK in the early 90s.
Why do people scream during night? How to fix it?
Maybe we could look at the theory of Kuru
perhaps, the cows are no longer angry. arbitration, i suppose ...et carter
My mother has this sad to say
I was in the UK during the mid 90's and for that reason i'm not allowed to donate blood.
Is a similar disease that infects whitetail deer and caused by a similar issue it can leave entire regions uninhabitable for whitetail deer for Generations
A friend of mine still doesn't eat beef because of it.
3:33 the bit about donating blood. It seems every blood drive I run into, I seem to be the first one to have ever educated any of the people taking blood on this. When I tell them I cannot donate blood because I lived in Germany between 1978 and 1982, and again between 1988 and 1994, they just look at me like I'm weird.
So if it isn't a problem to eat meat from a cow with mad cow disease, how come they won't allow you to donate blood if you lived in England during the outbreak?
Done it again, though this was going to be about 3 phase feminism.\n🤣😂😂🤣 no this is about friendly animals.
Mad cow disease is on the streets and called Antifa.
.......how did they not figure out an herbivore shouldnt be fed an cannibal diet....... oh Europeans. your history is quite telling
i remember an outbreak of it in the 2000s and i remember alot of hispanics were pissed about about it because alot of cow organs werent sold because of the disease scare. you had a higher risk of getting it if you ate the organs.
What happened to Mad Cow Disease?\nGovernment Regulation & Enforcement.
what makes it really scary is that prions can remain inactive in the brain for decades before being set off. there are people who ate infected beef in the 90s are still alive today with ticking time bombs in their heads.
Your steak is not out to get you\nthat's debatable, lol
1.Get a grass eater.\n2.Feed it its own meat.\n3.Wait for results.\n4.Repeat the process.\n5.Call yourself a wise ape.\n6.NO PROFIT.
What the he’ll is this. Everybody knows made snail disease is worse
Human madness also comes from eaten crushed human bones and muscles
The government creates these diseases to scaremonger , what ever happened to mad cow disease , bse, bird flu , SARS , Ebola ,
If a cat is pissed off at me does it have mad meow disease?
Now I'll go and eat steak.
Weird, I looked it up awhile back & found something about it being caused by the pesticides being used on the cows to keep flies that make holes in their hides away, and the chemicals from said pesticides reached their brains because of the holes flies had made. Good to know the actual cause though.
But how is the cow mad..
Well, that's comforting to know.......?
So we don't know for sure how people got vCJD but we know all Americans who got it picked it up overseas. You guys...
I always read that eating the raw brain of your species is what causes the prions to become mad and react with a degenerative disease. \nBasically you can't eat someone else's prion. It doesn't like yours and will attack.
Look up David Louthan Mad Cow Disease Moses Lake Wa. David Louthan, my moms ex and my little brothers father, alerted to a cow showing symptoms of BSE, at Vern's Meats. It was all over the news for a little while. The cow did test positive. And also our family's life was torn apart from his fame
I learned about the disease Kuru long ago and it was very interesting. It was a prion disease spread when a cannibal tribe in New Guinea honored their dead relatives by eating them. So a relative would die of Kuru and the relatives would eat them and get infected with Kuru! It was like Mad Cow disease for cannibals. You can read about it on Wikipedia. \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
It was renamed to feminism
Ok . butt what about the parallels of mad cow and cannabalism,what about that?
I feel like people aren't making nearly as big a deal as they should that WE PUT GROUND UP COWS INTO COW FEED! That is f**king disgusting and there should be a law against it with a harsh punishment.
Why are they feeding cows meat?
Can you do one on Mad Snail Disease next?
I'm a Vegan now 😊
The previous episode on the same topic was way more informative - \nthis is all about cannibalism \nhttps://youtu.be/Cubu-k7kSvw
The human appetite for animal flesh is a driving force behind virtually every major category of environmental damage now threatening the human future - deforestation, erosion, fresh water scarcity, air and water pollution, climate change, biodiversity loss, social injustice, the destabilization of communities and the spread of disease. -- The World Watch Institute
This was a good video...well done.\n                                                 👆🏻
Oh I thought it was Mad Snail Disease
What's more important is what ever happened to mad snail disease
I can’t give blood for this reason, I was born in Germany. However, I’ve learned that if you go to a blood draw and fill out the paperwork, they’ll still give you the snacks for trying
LOOK UP FORMER USDA MEAT INSPECTOR ON MAD COW DISEASE
By God's Grace this has abated.
Those continuous meaningless hand motions look like early-onset mad presenter disease.
We didn't eat cow meat for years back then.
First 40 subscribers will have a chance of winning beats solo wireless 2
The reason is because it was a prion disease. It was from cows eating things tanted with cow brains. \n\nBasically its when the brain folds protiens wrong. It happens when you eat brain matter of the same species you are from . (grey matter)
I lived in the UK during the time of Mad Cow Disease, and now I'm not allowed to give blood because of it. When is that ever going to go away?!?
Jeez I only knew about this because of katt williams lol.
Cows were fed with dead Cows?? ? Srsly. Aren't cows herbivores?
Oh, not the moomoos!
JCVD
....but...where is Hank?....
Why hollywood wont hire mad cow disease anymore.
Kuru.
What about mad snail Disease
THEEEEE MAD COW DISEASE
what great speech
Red sky at night,\nCattle alight.
THE THUMBNAIL 😂😂😂
Ayyyyyyyyyyy
Checkout My Video\nTop 10 Most Shocking \nhttps://youtu.be/woj_YB9LJSQ
.....you're not Hank.
Another good reason to be vegan
New farming practices like....not telling the truth about how farmers and the American government work together to cover up the cases? Then any case exposed is tarred as Alzheimer's or dementia instead? 🤔
Is this how dementia is being  branded as a modified version of cjd but the govt not admit it ?
BSE Causes nervous system damage . Your steak doesn't come from the nervous system as a matter of fact the nervous system isn't sold for that reason it's destroyed So eat your steak with no fear ! Don't be scaring consumers with biased ass video . Thanks .
What do YOU think, huh?? Well, I'll clue you in, Mr. Clueless. It went from Mad to Glad!! You blind cocksucker, can't you see the cow is smiling?? Don't laugh
You know the best way to avoid getting mad cow disease, don't eat meat, simple.
Also THE FACT THAT COWS WERE BEING FED TO OTHER COWS WTF 😱
What CHH fans want: bible scripture and rhymes copy and pasted from the bible. What Lecrae gives: his opinion, perspective and understanding and explains it. Lecraa chose right
Drop the mic.
I put 40K views on this 👍🏽
Can't wait to see him live in LA!!
Sold out n lost. If I wanted this kind of music I would just tune into a worldly radio station or boob tube it
#49 on trending that's a fact. #48 other videos somehow above it that are non-factors
So blasphemous,repent and ask The Lord  Jesus Christ in your hearts and let him take control over your life. Give your soul to him b4 it's too late. His hand is always out all you have to do is accept him. This is satanic puppets. The devil will deceive,lie,manipulate, & lead you into eternal Damnation. God gave his only begotten son for all of us. I am a proud Christian standing up for what I believe in. God is the only way to everlasting life. God bless each and E1 of you my brothers and sisters threw Christ. Hate to me will be ignored and simply be prayed for.
#laughs.\nI'm almost sure some people actually picture the European Jesus with the ultra perm saying yes to their prayers when they pray.
This got the same beat and flow as back to back by drake 🤔
Can't get over this song!
Lecrae, I know you get a lot of criticism, but I appreciated the songs you used to make about God...now it seems to all be about you...as in you trying to express yourself rather than trying to communicate Him
We always knew Elvis stole Black artists' music, some of us just don't wanna deal with the ugliness of that...That era, that genre, and then we pretend it don't exist in 2017! Thanks 🙏🏽 lecrae for being light!
European with that ultra perm & them soft eyes & thin lips! Rollin... 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Heard this like 10 times today, too hot
Lecrea you are amazing I can't wait for your next album God bless
why does this have 90,000 views and is TRENDING???
GET IT LECRAE! You went hard.
I don't know why but I sense a trip lee vibe in this song lmao , as weird as that is lmao
Hahaaa! At the end of the song you went Gospel Gangsta on'em
That........ I will only tell the truth is annoying.
The lyric about Jesus and the liberal/conservative debate. Deep.
LeCrae is rockin' that New Era sound on this Song, but he dropped that Fire on the track.
Dang Son. the Critics are Butt-Hurt In This Comment Section 4real
A lot of defensiveness, hostility, and divisiveness against the church here. I don't get it.
I’ve probabaly put 1,000 views on this vid
Why listen to a Drake knock off when I can listen to the real deal?
Lacrae you are smashing it as always brother, keep up the great work. Thanks for this amazing music :D
Why is this on trending???? only 60k I can think of way more songs that came out this week that deserve the spot more.....imo
✊🏾 that was dope! I heard everything man! You do well! (Dbz)
Hey guys I'm an up and coming artist from Austin , Tx and I would really appreciate a listen🙏 also got more on my channel check it out \nhttps://soundcloud.com/nick-mason-39/lonely2\nhttps://soundcloud.com/nick-mason-39/lonely2
I wish more songs in the album went hard like this.  Too much slow tempo stuff
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
This one right here is fireeeeeeeee !!! Ringtone ya 2017
I love lecraes truth and transparency. He is indeed my favorite artist. And i really could care less who thinks less of him. People say he's changed. I say change is good. Especially if it means you've grown as a person. Keep dropping them gems my guy.
This track has a Outlast vibe 👌
🔥🔥 check out my reaction/review of the entire ATWT album!!! tell me what you think!
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
💜💣💥..THE DAWN OF A NEW DAY HAS COME BEFORE US WITH AN UNAPOLOGETIC TRUTH.
Why he look like Beatlejuice from Howard Stern in the thumbnail? 🤔
i gues i can go ahead and say this song spits FACTS DEADASS 🅱\n\n\n\n\n\n\nill see myself out.......
He went in on this
best rapper of the world👍💫
You may say, God is sending a warrior into enemy territories to advance the kingdom of Jesus the Christ! All I will say is I pray He truly has his God in place.  There have been so many that has calling themselves as coming up going to cast out demons! And came back whooped! Seven sons of Sceva! Acts 19:11
Anyone got production credits for this track?
My son is called Truth. been through a lot as a young Christian Entrepreneur in a 3rd world country. This song sums up all the things i stand for and the main reason why my boy is called TRUTH. He just turned 2 months.
best vidioever
He did it again that's my boy
Anyone else agree that Lecrae SPAZZED on this 🔥🔥🎶
#36 Trending but it ain't even 100 K thats facts!!!!!!!!!!
This song goes hard ! 🔥🔥
https://youtu.be/dHsP4Ok40kQ can I get y'all to check out my freestyle. Christian Hip Hop at its rawest!!!
The last part 😂🔥🔥🔥🔥 He spits the whole truth 👑
Lecrae is absolutely right but I do want to add as a lifelong Elvis Presley fan he gave credit to those who came before him and he never wanted to be called The King.
He went hard on this I want a nelly collaboration
hey check out my debut single: https://soundcloud.com/cougarsantos/divine
Mr. Lecrae you truly are an anomaly. Can you just make a song that is straight up. Please. Love and respect bro.
This song has a lot of y'all pressed and mad, predictably. Smh.
EMINEMS NEW ALBUM LEAKED!!!!\n\nhttps://thepiratebay.org/torrent/18639511
is that Iman shumpert
Tight!
hard.🔥💪
50 on trending
Fffffiiiiiiiirrrrrreeeee🔥🔥🔥
SOLID!!!!!!!!
RyanLox
Snapped
WOW. that was amazing.
Woah! He betta say that!
🔥✊🏾
Wooooooooah!!! Did yall hear what he said! Lol tell em Lecrae!
#50 TRENDING
Garbage
Sounds like Drake.
Lecrae trending !? Let's goooooo🔥🔥🔥\nLet's keep it going
Welcome Home Crae. We've been waiting.
💯✊🏾
The word play.. mind boggling.. Blessed.. 👌 💪👏👏👏🔥🔥🔥
Drake
🙏💯💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
soooo good
Not gonna lie. After hearing Blessings and Hammer Time I thought this entire album would be garbage. But I actually liked quite a few of these songs. Especially this one, it's fire.
WOW!!!!! ❤️😃
#50 on trending.
Ft. Drake?,... oh thats just him....
🙌
THIS SONG IS DOPE AF
🔥
any rappers, singers, artists ect- check my beats if ya gotta minute
Top 🔝❤
#50 on trending 🔥🔥🔥
Fire!!!!!! 💥💥💥💥💥💥
DAAAANNG....FIRE!!!
THISSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MYYYYY GOD!!!!!!! FATHER GIVE ME THE TRUTH TO SPEAK WITH BOLDNESS AND BOLDNESS TO SPEAK THE TRUTH!!!! YEEESSSSSSS!!!!!!
Fuck this shit on fire Jesus is my motherfuckin nigga.
When evolution proves white superiority so you have to pretend to believe in a Sky wizard so you will feel equal
Lecrea Are You Actully Christian?
Yeah Lecrea F^ck them racist a$$ so called Christians who think Jesus is White. Sh!t does matter. Facts!!
So u all bout fightin sad
Did he say hella?
Did he say pork rinds? ... 😱 Leviticus 11:7 & Deutronomy 14:8 Pork Rinds are abominable. #SpeaktheTRUTH  (don't just be a hearer!) #BeADoer
The one thing I'm curious to know, What is the refresh rate??.....Is it 120Hz like the iPad Pro 10.5 or is the iPhone 8/8Plus still at 60Hz like it has been for however long.....
Wireless charge is not include for iPhone 8? Please answer anyone
I’ve had a 6s scene it came out now I can get the i phone x😏
its fake its a clone
I'll stick with my Samsung Galaxy S7....
The only thing I like iphone is this color so beautifull.
Can you buy me one i am  poor
You should give me a iPhone 7 my family doesn't have the money to get one if you want to you can contact me at 513-391-0183
Y does it look like a fake iPhone 7
Your video was awesome.everything was clearly explained. You're great
So what’s the difference?
Looks exactly like all the other iPhones lol...🤣
Space gray is my favorite
Is there going to be an update to fix the blur for pics and on Snapchat? Not sure if it’s the oled
I phone new spec how to activate screen recorder in I phone\nWatch the video\nhttps://youtu.be/P-iycoh6Ozo
I love the color
What is different between the 8+ and 7+ besides that wireless charging thing and glass look stuff
it's an ugly color lmfao i don't want a tan iphone wtf i deff don't see no gold in it besides the sides
It look that color because of the reflect of glass
I phone 6 squad where you at!
Worst phones ever . Only for guys who have lots of money and want iphone to proove that they have money . Stupid kind of people
Nice
hello give me a phone plaese
Ayyy, WA gang
👌
savage be like iphone 8 on samsung wireless charger
The iPhone 8 is SEXYYY 😍😍
Well coming from the iPhone 📱 6s plus this is a upgrade for me. Glad they brought back the glass back
Whoever thinks iPhone is evolving has no brain just look at it's design every fucking year the same bloody thing.
Beautiful! I wish I could use that one too ..before killing myself.. :/
I have a 6s plus, should I upgrade?
Looks like the 6, 6 plus, 6s, 6s plus, 7, 7 plus...Apple needs to change the shape of the phone.
OK.... I'LL STICK W/ MY MATTE BLACK iPHONE 7+ 👌🏾
The design iphone 4 is same as the iPhone 8 and x. Glass back and front. And stainless steel
can you wireless charge with cases on?
Damm... I like that color though ffff I wish that color came in iphone 7 plus
Can I trade my 6s plus for the 8 plus?
Is it just me or...is he a T Mobile
Is it just me or is the iPhone 8 bigger then the iPhone 7...?
Does the glass back get finger print marks when you touch it
Nice title unboxing and first impressionswhat impressions?the back is made of glass so you can use wireless charger,that's it,new iphone 8
Is he recording his voice after the video?
I have iPhone 6 and I'm happy with that! ✌️
I just hate that they took away the headphone jack. I mean when i want to charge and listen to music i cant do both at the same time.
Can I have the 7 plus???? 😢
I want an iphone 😭 contact me 01123603508 😭😭 please post one to me 😭 i want it 😭😭
Same old same old like every year
Who's watching with an iPad,iPod and iPhone (that is below iPhone 6), Android *YEAH SO YOU DONT HAVE TO EXPOSE US THAT WE ARE POOR BECUASE WE DONT HAVE THE LATEST IPHONE....... ALL THOSE WHO HAVE THE IPHONE 8 or 10 WE DONT CARE*
@everythingapplepro  wasup man?! I’m from Moses Lake WA. Haha
I'll subscribe to anyone that likes the comment and subscribes to me
i'll just stick to my 6s
Everythingapplepro are you going to get the gold or the silver or the gray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDsoHhzBwCA .... you said apple should be always like this... now you are saying that glass is more classy .... hmmm i dont know if u have your own opinion on phones but you just like whats new ...
Did the blur effect changed in ios11? It looks like its more translucentsy than before... see the photos when scrolled 3:25
I'm getting the iPhone 8 + for Christina's I've had my iPhone 5c for a 2 years So I need an upgrade
Does it still have the force touch feature ?
I'm an android user and I haven't really tried iphone before...so I'm thinking:  Would it be a good idea if my next phone was an iphone?🤔..idk what to do.
its not rose gold its fucking pink.
I really want that phone... T-T
Can you charge any Apple Watch with this new AirPower charging mat?
Is that the real iPhone 8 plus or the demo one?
I think I phones are rubbish Samsung's for life
i like the glass , really elegant and refined like the samsung s series. Though I prefer the s8 design , i really appreciate the iphone 8 use of glass. Although I have always wanted the iphone 5s/SE as I loved that boxy form, more interested to see the changes to the SE 2 design.
Soooooo will the Samsung wireless charger work with the iPhone 8? I have the galaxy s8 right now and thinking of going back to Apple
Does anyone know where to get these from?
Give me this please
If you have a 6S are you getting the 8, X or just keeping the 6S?
the only good thing about the phone is the camera tbh
My update will be when the iPhone 9 is out.. or 11 also my entire family (5) uses iPhone so if there's only three colors then wow
Why the fuck did the make three new phones if they can't even make one work right I have iPhone 7
I'll stick with my iPhone 7 I am still trying to figure out this phone. This my first iPhone by the way.
That Gillette commercial was so emotional.
I watch the full ad so EverythingApplePro can get paid. like if you do the same
Come to my page for more unboxing video
Nice phone :-)
lmao ABOOT, dude its pronounced A-BOUT
Very nice iphone......
Peace
Giveaway
Face I’d?
Who else is watching this with their iPhone 8/plus???
It's looks nice but I think I'll stay with my IPhone 7 plus lol plus my Kpop case were really expensive 😭😂
So I can just buy a 7 Plus and easily tell people it’s a 8 Plus and they’ll easily believe it 🤔🤔
yea..
A boot
iPhone 8 came out today
Its not funny.
Love them
2:08 *aboot*
The new iphone 7s .. oh wait ...
Basically iPhone 7S
That creamy Gold makes me hungry😥
Do an s8plus vs iPhone 8+ vid!
iphone 7 = 699$ iphone 8 = 699$
https://youtu.be/AOSpgiLZZ1Q
ugly lol
Wow amazing
Shait.
Watching this on my iPhone 7 plusss
Why our charger is different?
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
I love Colombian music! 🇨🇴 Greetings from Germany!
I loooooooooooove you so much...all your songs make me happy and forget everything and just dance and laugh. ..
beautifull song from america!
Santa Marta es hermosa 😍
Esoo que viva los latinos 😍
😍😍😍😍
La tierra de Vives,Valderrama y Falcao! 🇨🇴🇨🇴🇨🇴
Obrigado Carlos Vives por nos presentear com a alegria da sua música! Deus te conceda vida longa! Abraços do Brasil
Huyyy buenísima  bien Carlitos felicidades
Me encantaaa! ♥
✌✌🎺🎷
Me gusta muy chevere colombianisimo
que vaina linda nojoda!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1A  pescaito es caribe gracias CHARLI LIVE ERIRAWAA ÑIA
Amo la buena vibra que transmites 😍
pescaito mi barrio orgulloso de ser pescaiteroo el mejor barrio de santa marta gracias carlos vives por este regalo tan bello una cancion espectacular
Y así es!! todo pasa en pescaito. GRACIAS  por amar a mi barrio ❤️ y mostrárselo al mundo entero.
😍😍😍😍💅💘
Saludos de Germany
Mi colombia, mi costa hermosa 💙🌴
Falto shakira con la bicicleta :v
Hermosa cancion, simplemente gracias
I ❤️ Santa Marta , grande Carlos
Saludos desde Japón, acá están que la bailan mis vecinos
Me encanta esta cancion... SALUDOS DEL BRAZIL!! 😍😍😍
Esta canción me suena a Pa Mayté y La Maravilla.\nCarlos te voy a ver este 7 de dic en Panamá!! Tqm compatriota!!
Precioso Video !!!! \n\nGracias por esta hermosa producción : ) !!!
La música, lenguaje universal. - Music, universal language.
Mi tierra bella Santa Marta Colombiano 😍
Saludos desde Rusia!
Que sabroso y cálido este tema... Saludos desde Venezuela parceros
He visto este video  parandolo segundo a segundo para ubicar cada calle e identificar a cada vecino y amigo. Estoy lejos de mi familia y mis amigos; y viéndolo sólo me dan ganas de regresar!!!!\nViva Pescaito,el 20 de julio, el bajo, Nacho Vives, Juan XXIII, la ciudadela, 1de Mayo, ......, Viva Santa Marta y su Gente!!!!!!
Me gusto mucho la cancion siempre todas las canciones de carlos vives son con un buen tono Like si te gusto ala 1era que la oiste 😜🙋🙌
Porque eres tan genial? Te felicito de verdad, hermosa canción, pero tu humildad es aún más hermosa!
Carlos vives se pasa con sus temas siempre resaltando lo bella que es Colombia 👌👌💪💪 #orgullocolombiano like
Saludos a todos desde pescaito 😍❤😁😁💋
👍👍👍
Wow linda canción 😍😍😍😍😊😊😊👏👏👏💜💜
Pura alegría 😁
Ídolo Carlos vives 🔥🔥
Jorales q chida cancion saludos de México
Vives..Genial
descargar cancion !\nhttp://shrink-service.it/s/5hZH1d
todo bn, todo bn
linda canción
CARLOS TE LA VACILASTE, VALE MÍA.
Genial 😁
Eeeeso!! Chevere ...me encanta a bailar!!!
es lo maximo, mi esposo siempre me ha dicho pescaito jajajaja
👏👏 para carlos y los invito que conozcan santa marta la perla mas linda de america
La sacaste del estadio como siempre Carlitos que espectacular tema ! ,  me encantó ! no dejo de reproducirlo, es como que me pegara la brisa de la costa en la cara justo por acá tan lejos donde estoy, gracias CARLOS VIVES POR LLEVARME A MI REGIÓN NUEVAMENTE , un genio eres :*
Todo pasa en pescaito 🎶🎶 como sacarla de la mente genialll
La alegría de Colombia, como te extrañooooo. Saludos a todas las mamasitas Colombianas desde Roma.
Me encanta, Carlos si sabe, es agradecido con su tierra; además esta letra y este ritmo le fascinará a los niños, él entiende el mercado !
Soy Chileno y tuve la suerte de que me regalaran una entrada para tu concierto en Pescaito!! Pude conocer en totalidad lo que canta la canción. Un abrazo grande, Latinoamérica Unida!
Pescaito PT🙋👏😀
temonn soy de peruu me encanta sus canciones
NOJODA MI SANTA MARTA COMO TE AMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Está muy buena ! :D
CARLOS VIVES SOS EL MEJOR 💜💜💜 ME ENCANTAN TODAS TUS CANCIONES ALGUN DIA VISITARE A LA TIERRA QUERIDA COLOMBIA SANTA MARTA os amo Colombia 😘💗💗😍
Escucho tu música y me hace sentir que estoy en mi bella Colombia.  Así este a 6000 km. Carlos Vives me haces sentir en nuestra bella Patria!!!
Mi santa Marta linda 😏😉 gracias viejo Carlos vives
Qué bueno ser samario y colombiano un abrazo de Colombia para el mundo contesta canción del gran Carlos vives
ESPECTACULA REPRESENTA NUESTRA ALEGRIA NATURALEZA COLOMBIA AMO MI PAIS
Gracias por dejar siempre en alto el nombre de Colombia!
Que dicha que aún exista personas no solo quieren fama y caen en el reggeton.
Amo como muestras-expresas el amor hacia tú país  (Colombia😍💘) como muestras la alegría de este país, la humildad💫 ♥Eres un orgullo♥Haces que cada vez no sentamos más orgullosos de tí y de nuestro país😍🙊💘
Decir que no te amama es como decir que Carlos vives nunca le canto a su tierra👐
Llevaba semanas esperando este lanzamiento, cuanta alegria, que orgullo carlos, no dejas escapar detalles, le cantas hasta a nuestros ciclistas, a la fantastica cartagena y ahora el barrio mas popular de tu ciudad, entre mil cosas mas, todas espectaculares con esa musica fusion y ahora con sonidos muy caribeños, muy jamaiquinos mucha riqueza en cada composicion, como profesor de musica me emociona escuchar tu musica viva colombia y cada uno de los amigos extrangeros que aqui comentaron.
Pescaito no es un barrio cualquiera, es la estirpe viva de la Santa Marta Popular, poco después del nacimiento de la República La ciudad más antigua de Colombia conocería a su primer arrabal, su primer enclave sub urbano después de la colonia, Pescaito encierra mágicamente toda un amalgama de colores, herencias, sabores y sonidos. En poco más de 120 años de historia este populoso sector de la ciudad se hizo inmortal y no fue precisamente por el Pibe, para nada, hay personajes más influyentes que él. Pescaito ha dado siempre lo mejor, las mejores putas, los ladrones más astutos, temibles sicarios, los mejores médicos, profesores, tamboreros, humoristas, cultores, bailadores de salsa,  picoteros, coteros, fritangueras, boxeadores, futbolistas, beisbolistas, softbolistas, jugadores de dominó y macana de la ciudad y del caribe colombiano (nota tomada explicitamente de mi papá, Agustín Olivero, pescaitero neto y nieto de uno de los primeros colonizadores del barrio viejo, el antiguo sector de las ensenadas o camino viejo a Taganga, antigua calle 25 con actual carera 9a, mi bisabuelo Alejandro Olivere, un Granadino (antilla menor) que salió huyendo en 1908 de Fort de France, Martinica, para aterrizar con mi bisabuela Agustine Luxén, mamá del famoso boxeador Kid Dunlop, el más grande que ha dado la ciudad. Cuenta mi padre que su abuelo en un extraño papiamento le refería como llegaron a la ciudad y como surgió el barrio con influencias antillanas muy marcadas en sus primeros estilos de vida, la arquitectura, los hábitos, la gastronomía y el jolgorio, los cuales se mezclaron con lo que ya había, gente de Bolivar, braceros rasos del muele viejo y trabajadores o cortadores de racimo en las florecientes fincas bananeras antes de la masacre, mucho antes. Apareció así la GUACHERNA, que vives muy bien rebautizó con el PITAN PTAN, pero aparecería un sinnúmero de ingredientes que hacen de este barrio un verdadero patrimonio, porque todo pasa en Pescaíto, mi barrio.
اين انتم ياعرب وينكم يااهل العراق
Hermosa. Todos sus videos son magnificos.
estoy segura que no hay alguien que te ame mas ....soy Hadey Farfan....te amoooo
Genial! Carlos Vives como siempre teniendo a Colombia presente. Que alegría.
me encanta esta musica de pescaito  me alegro que le den un reconocimiento a pescaito
que  buena  musica  carlos    quisieras  ser  mi  amigo   por  you  tube
una super canción 🎶 quiero escucharla mil veces, se me emparaguaron los ojos al ver la alegría de la gente, el amor que muestras  a tu pueblo y la respuesta que ellos dan ha ese amor y compromiso es lo máximo, todo pasa en pescaito 🎣 🐠
se me hace un nudo en la garganta.. hermosa mi Samaria 😍😍 La perla
Como para que lo vea Silvestre que quiere Imitarlo jajaja . este Man si es un Grande Carlos Vives.
Por favor un Remix con l'omy 💪💪👌
Así como cuando eres de santa marta :u
perldon.....Yo pense en Adrian....disculpae ME ENCATA.....EN SERIO QUE LIN DAN LETRA ME RERERE GUSTA.GRACIAS.
perdió un poco la esencia falto el acordeón
Saludos Desde Lima - Perú
Llegue tarde a comentar :( pero no importa VIVA MI TIERRA COLOMBIANA :)
Saludos desde Luxemburgo extrañó colombia.\nJajaja pura mierda ando en.Neiva en la.carnicería de mi papá jajaja pero más de uno aplica esa ja
jugando entre las olas... 🎶 sentir el sol ardiente tu y yo una sola.alma🎸🎤 ...me encanta!
El mejor sin duda alguna
GRACIAS POR CARLOS VIVES NO HAY MAS COLOMBIANO MAS AGRADECIDOS CON SUS RAICES ESE CARLOS ES EL MEJOR MADE IN COLOMBIA
No llevo mucho fuera de colombia pero escuchado los temas de Carlos vives la recuerdo a toda hora...
Epa!!qué alegría me da escucharte' me encanta tu música... tu música me transporta a tu bello país COLOMBIA 🇨🇴 no lo conozco pero tus videos lo cuentan,espero algún día conocer saludos desde México 🇲🇽....
muyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Este reggaetonero era el que cantaba vallenato???\n#Sarcasmo... BASTA MAS DE LO MISMO
Colombianos reportense : Desde que país ves este vídeo
Pasa la copa que lleva Henríquez. Eterno capitán 🏆 SDVSF
Como se llama la playa que aparece en el video?
La canción de qué concierto es?
grabaron el video por mi casa😮😮😮😮😮😮😱😱😱😰
SANTA MARTA MI CIUDAD, PERO TAGANGA Y MAMATOCO TIENEN MAS APORTE CULTURAL E HISTÓRICO QUE EL PINTORESCO  PESCAITO
I wudn't watch this garbage if my life depended on it! So cheap!
Diddy and cassie one of my favorite couples!!
OMG the audience is soooo anoying\ni cringe everytime i see wendys  body.why wendy? whyyyyyyyyy you do this to your body? . she looked good back in the day.
Keep Suzanne away from my cocaine.
USA IS A MESS
Wendy actually said what I said. But it's true.
That moment you remember Wendy and Kevin Hart had starred in a film together as a married couple...it must've been awkward for her to cover this story cause they were so close :/
Hart should go to Every Man's Battle.  They can truly get him the help he needs 1-800-NewLife
Wendy bye girl your husband cheating on you too 🤣😂😂
So why get married if he needs to keep someone on the side.
Kevin is fucked...brush when u make it on Wendy bruh
If you are going to cheat do it right! What???😳There is no right in cheating!
Dear Wendy Williams the dress you have on is sharp but your body is not made for dresses now it looks to me like you've lost a little weight but those big Whitney Houston kneecaps you and Whitney Houston was not made for dresses beautiful faces, and I don't know if you know it or not but your titties are too big for the rest of your body beautiful dress though
WHAT IS UP WITH HER CHEEKS? ARE THEY IMPLANTS? SHE LOOKS SO FAKE!!!!
I've done it all wrong.  I worked hard at school so I could slave away 9-5 every week day. Have one holiday a year. I should have  became a stripper, spotted a stupid rich man and had his kid, £20,000 a month! Kerching!
I still think Wendy is a man.
She was pretty before all of those surgeries and all
Wendy who cares wtf I don't care what Kevin do cause his now wife is what causes the x wife
If Wendy Williams starts giving out free gifts to her audience... I'd suggest starting with Crest toothpaste.
The Real Husbands of Hollywood is cursed, always messing up marriages lol.
Tksolie
Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,   Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.  1 CORINTHIANS 6:9-10
Karma is a bich !!!!
Wendy is very petty and shallow. Her entire existence is built around criticizing and gossiping about people. Empty existence.
Wendy's outfit and hair looks like this episode is 2 years back :/
Kevin has no heart
420 isn't random at all :)
Wendy the tan looks good girlfriend!
Kevin Hart never should have gotten married.and wifey how you get thim is how you keep him ur poonahne ain't special u just the rebound chick
Agree get your check and laugh in the corner. Just stop talking about him!!!
WTF.  She is old but she is acting like she is a tennager.look at the mirror lady
I'm really Loving Wendy's dress!!!! I think I'm gonna head over to HSN and buy it lol
her body doesn't make sense
Damn she got a fucked up shape.
People are always so focused on the homewrecker, but not the person who let them in the door...
kevin hart is a disgusting pig.
Lol tia is from Wakefield Massachusetts  not California lol  hung out in revere  with us lol get ur facts right woman. She's licensed to strip in different states she doesn't go flying around lol
As a Family Counselor and Social worker of many uearss, Rob is paying way to much child support Chyna does not  need that amount. They are robbing Rob  ,he fies not have that kind of money,  he needs to go back to court with a better lawyer,  I used to work for child support  it can be lowered he needs to make his case.
That's bcuz she can't walk in heels. She changes into flat shoes during the show
Nothing weirder then your boobs are bigger then everything in ur body!
Support Needed: New Web-Series: Scandalous Tales https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMrEFp6_Wqk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxDWQB9BDGw like, thumbs up, share, subscribe … THANK YOU!
Why should 2nd wife be surprised he cheated? After all he cheated on wife #1 with then future wife #2. This man has it all and he is incapable of being content and happy. Why even get married!
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
MY grandmother always told said... YOU will lose them the way you got them  soUNDS like his wife is getting her just deserts LMAO
I got rid of cable....and haven't missed even Wendy. now that I see her after a year, she looks fake. cheek bone implant? she got the money.
I tink wendy is  a man
Robyn is killing the hair game lately :D love this hairstyle on Wendy
Want to earn money using your phone click on the link below to get started\n http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=14537
Judge Judy, Judge Pirro my 2 female crushes 😊, and you Wendy!
am I the only one that noticed it appears that Wendy had some work done on her face
I wonder is Wendy is adopted, she look nothing like her parents, she is so tall.
50 cent laughs I'm dead
Wendy's figure is just 😕 and her face is 😵 plus that lil run as she entered... that was not necessary lol
She only started speaking out when his wife went on in instagram talking about his her randomly she had to set the record straight for her kids as well
What Chyna needs is a job
Wendy-you always look good-but today you look fabulous! Love the dress!
Smh. Never thought I'd be here. A straight 26 year old male, sitting in my tub watching Wendy... and loving it😂😂  how did I get here
After that New Years Eve performance Mariah Carey had, she has been singing all of her concerts live. Her walking around on stage and being carried around has always been something SHE has done. Its nothing new and it's not a Wendy thing. Wendy loves to insult women who are far more better than she is. Mariah doesn't even have to sing nor dance and she would still look and sound better than Wendy would, even on her best day.
Awww ... Wendy looks so beautiful..love that dress
wow
Sorry but to me Wendy looks like a man
Kevin is  such a queen  trying to  fake straight..  another Hollywood illuminati  arranged  event.. wait till  the all male sex  tape  pops out..keV you ain't foolin nobody but the fools!
All you hoes are nothing but blood suckers. Suck ever Nickel out of a man you can get to hell with you
He's not stuck
So happy to see that Wendy seems happier after this vacation! ✌️ good for you Wendy
wendy Williams husband cheated on her to so what can she say
That's a fucking man
I swear it's just a matter of time before this becomes a suicide cult.
I'm starting to think Mariah just has Vertigo, and she's doing the best she can.  ^_^;
Why is this trash in my recommended
Wendy she wasn't wrong, Kevin has used their relationship in his shows so many times! If he can do that and no ones bats an eye then she can tell her side of the story and promote her natural hair product line.
Cheaters going to get caught one way or another. The truth always comes out whether you're a celebrity or not. DON'T CHEAT!
Puffy please dont get married! Marraige only leads to alimony problems.
Missy eliote killed it
Smh she bogus asf
Nope. She don't have to be quiet and sit in nobodies corner. She can say whatever she wants. And cash in on his name whenever she wants. As long as it's done tastefully. She sat in the corner being quiet long enough. He wronged her and she stacking paper now. There's a difference between that and being bitter. She doin her and politely cashing in however she sees fit.
I don't know who I dislike more. Wendy Williams or Kevin Hart, I'm calling a draw.
Viewers join the CPR Community police relations   Compliancecheck.solutions
ZZZzzzzzz...........
Mind your own business Wendy Williams you should have been named windy
Why do women think they can cheat with a guy (he cheated with his current wife, while he was still married to the 1st wife) but he won't do the same to them, once they are together. If he cheats with you, he will cheat on you! Done.
Dude torri didn't speak about what's going on with them are u serious ?that interview is old. Wendy get your facts straight your getting lazy.  This is your comeback ? Nooo
Meesssy. This is Wendy's wheelhouse right here, ya'll have to deal. And I do spot the Wendy meme lady in the audience (wearing the gold crown) that was turned into a popular 'stank face' meme a while back: https://youtu.be/85cgOHCUeaA?t=271. Glad she's back. LOL.
This was real low of you Kevin.
Don't hate, congratulate Really? Wendy approves of rewarding bad behavior. So it's ok for a 14 year old culture vulture brat who's calling people hoes as long as she's making money. You're an idiot if you approve of that.
Get 2000$ Free Instant On Paypal Click\nhttp://fastearnpro.com/paypal-money-adder/\nFree Paypal Money Adder Online
No she was right to tell he was a cheater
Tokio Tony is trash
.
Fucking Horse
Wendy you gettin' yo lips done now?
That sun aging Suzanne, hot mess!
eat that pie my homeboy
Rare footage of 2pac sexy bathtub seen!!...https://youtu.be/2IBOPlqgf1E
Please cancel this show
Wow Kevin!
Tokyo Toni is doin' it!!! LOL!😂😂
1 mio soon $$$$$
Tokyo Tony is suing Wendy.
Karma is A B****
YouTube have demonetised this video (boo!) but you can still support me by buying me a coffee! https://ko-fi.com/A1814A5T
I´d wish that all english native speakers would pronounce *that* clearly ;-) being a german viewer of your channel I can honestly say it´s a real pleasure to listen to you <3
Boo for demonetization! I know I sound very deaf, and my voice is very low so even on my good days people have a hard time understanding me. So I simply don't bother! Maybe it could be fun for you two to take a class together to learn sign? I mean, I know you already know most of the signs but it might help Claudia learn better ;P
It's actually really helpful that you speak so clearly! I'm autistic and have APD (auditory processing disorder) and while I technically have perfect hearing, my brain does not know how to translate sounds correctly.\nSo I have a lot of trouble understanding spoken language, but I can understand you almost perfectly fine, which is very rare for me. You're great!
Fascinating!!! I didn't realise there were TWO British sign languages! 😲😅 Loved learning about the structural differences behind both though. I guess there are so many sign languages because they develop as organically as any other language does. Although after a quick Google search; we currently have 6909 languages in the world...so maybe 300 isn't too bad! 😂\n\nFor teaching Claudia, I think using sign language as much as you can when speaking to her would be helpful. I noticed that for me (even though I can't sign) through sheer repetitiveness from watching the TV show Switched at Birth (which I mentioned in one of your previous videos), I found myself picking up the signs and associating them with their correct words automatically (ASL though 😜). \nOn Claudia's end, she should first try signing a few words here and there in her sentences as opposed to trying to get her whole sentence signed correctly right off the bat (which will just lead to a lot of frustration). Think words like: bathroom, kettle etc. and eventually she will pick up more associative words and go from speaking like a child to an eloquent adult in no time. \nPersonally, I'm bilingual (English and French) and I understand but I'm too embarrassed to speak (Spanish and Italian) because I'm still at that speaking like a child stage, but practice makes perfect! 💪😤
I'm learning so much!! Thank you for explaining all of this. This is the first video of yours I've seen and I really enjoyed it! You're so so charming and entertaining.
I love all your videos!!
Your such an inspiration
You have a beautiful accent. It matches your clothes. (I don't know what that means). But it does.
Haha a teach Claudia SL video is in order
do a video teaching Claudia SSE!!
While in Las Vegas Nevada recently I noticed that most shows (burlesque and variety) now offer a sign language interpreter. All you need do is let them know 4 hours (minimum and 24 is best) before the show you are going to see. Also great video!
I'm learning through song! Music creates memories different parts of the brain, more long term so it's great for learning and revising. Look up Wayne Barrow - he's trying to get bsl taught in schools so to raise awareness he SSE signs music and songs and goes through some of them slowly so you can learn along with the Lizzy Jay who is there with him and only knows the basics
In fact, your English is so clear that is very easy to understand for someone like me who is trying to learn English, me and my family use your videos to practice listening :)
Hi Jessica, love your videos! You are quite possibly the most adorable person on YouTube 😊 x
I know American Sign Language and it's sooooo different from BSL! Watching you sign your version of SSE is so interesting to me because some signs are similar and then others are just like ???????  Haha!
Love learning about all this!\nOur (America) sign language is ASL (American Sign Language, lol). I know the alphabet and a few words, but not many. I have no idea how to structure sentences...\n\nSSE makes some more sense to me. Like, if I'm trying to use ASL, I do tend to just put the sentence in the same order I speak it. SSE seems like it'd be nice and straight forward that way.\nDo you know if America uses SSE at all or if they have an equivalent?\n\nAlso, I read (a while back) that the reason there are so many different sign languages is because it was 'illegal' to teach any sort of signing languagr to deaf people. (Not sure if actually illegal, or just frowned on by society.) So little groups of deaf people would create ways to communicate with each other, organically. Then, when actual deaf communities (schools, etc) started popping up, they started becoming actual languages as more and more people would be communicating and they needed to do more than sign one word at a time. It was interesting to read about, and I wish I could remember all the details.
Your voice is amazing. I have trouble sleeping and when I'm really stressed and just need a sleep, I put your videos in the background and your voice 'soothes' me and lulls me to sleep. I throughly believe you should do audio books. Except maybe not the ones with the Irish accent......... Xxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
One of the fun ways I learnt sign in my Auslan classes was with certain games. Like I can remember at one point there was a lockdown and we had to hide against a wall of the classroom and not speak, but being a sign language class, we could all kind of communicate with one another, so we played I Spy in Auslan. So that might be a fun way to get her to learn colours perhaps?
When I first started watching your videos I got hella confused because I'd be watching you sign and understand it and then you'd use a sign thats different to what we use in New Zealand and I was like why is it so similar??? because it was just similar enough for me to be I know whats going on and get complacent. It turns out British, New Zealand and Australian signs are considered part of the same dialect because they were created together and influenced each other, yay Commonwealth countries.
Maybe Claudia should try taking a class? That way she'd be with other beginners (so it's less pressure to learn without mistakes - I know The Fear and that's a good way to get over it) and she could surprise you one day with being able to sign to you! (: \n\n(I'd also maybe like a video where you teach her a few signs, or a sentence? That would be really cool, I think.)
Honestly your Irish accent wasn't half bad
Interesting. I’ve always thought and been told that it’s ‘your name what’ in BSL, as opposed to ‘name you what’. Either way, sign language grammar is certainly weird/interesting!
I was told I was HOH as a child, haven't had it checked since but I know I struggle with hearing and understanding. I had NO IDEA International Week of the Deaf was a thing!!!
I’m a hearie from America but I’m self learning ASL signs and use it as SSE here. I learn by watching people sign songs and it helps me learn signs. That way if I can’t remember a specific word I might remember the “song lyric sentence” and it helps me recall. Always a pleasure to watch your videos. Much love
Thanks for the explanation about SSE and BSL, I've been learning BSL for a while now, but had no clue about SSE and was constantly confused about how you speak and sign at the same time even though the structure in BSL is sooo different, but now I know you use SSE. It's cool they use same signs though, so you can talk to people using either and understand each other (the sentence structure doesn't really bother me as I already speak 3 other languages and the structure is different in every one of them haha). love your videos, x
Hiya, thank you for making these videos, they've been incredibly informative and enjoyable to watch.\n\nI'm in the process of learning BSL myself and personally I think it's easier to learn if you can make it fun somehow and turn the learning into games. Categories help too, I find it harder to retain signs if they're random and have no connection.\n\nAnd also, as much as I hate to admit it, being persistent. Can Claudia read fingerspelling well? Perhaps use signs here and there daily and if she cannot  remember the sign, perhaps fingerspell it instead? Hope all goes well, I wish you both the best of luck and if I think of any more ideas, I'll share them :)
I relate so much to this. Since I am losing my hearing I struggle with the BSL sentence structure and feel more comfortable using SSE. Another wonderful video Jessica :)
Wow, it's really interesting that BSL has a different grammar for signing. I didn't realise how different sign languages could be. Also, eyebrows on point!
This video explained so much! I first found your videos because (as a hearing person who doesn't know how to sign but is interested in the topic) I wanted to see how BSL was different from ASL, and I thought, Oh, here's a British YouTuber who sometimes signs—this'll show me! And I was kind of confused for a while by the syntax, sentence structure, etc., because they seemed very much like spoken English. So your explanation about the difference between BSL and SSE made a lightbulb go off above my head. Thank you for explaining the difference so clearly!\n\nI love your videos and wanted to also thank you for raising awareness for the International Week of the Deaf. I didn't even know that it was happening until I saw you mention it (almost a week ago now), but because you alerted me to it I've been telling other people about it—both on Twitter and such but also in the real world—to raise awareness. So thank you for raising awareness, which then inspires other people to raise awareness ... in a lovely ripple effect.
Super interesting as always 🌼 That's the Irish accent of a leprechaun ... begorra so it tis like ... but you did it perfectly💚 If you ever get talking to a leprechaun don't forget to catch hold of him cos you know what happens then right ... 🌈
I so greatly appreciate that you caption your videos! I am hearing, but because of EDS am slowly losing my hearing. Having captions is so, so, helpful!!!
You could make you teaching claudia sign language into a video :)
Watched this with my younger sister who’s never seen any of your videos and her first comment about five seconds into the video was how see thinks you look like one of those classic pop art girls and honestly, I kind of see it. Thanks for great video :)
I was struggling with learning how BSL structure works, but you've put it so simply - thank you!
Floof doin a growl
Love u.. \n😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘
If you are going to teach Claudia sign language. I think You should first figure out if she is a verbal or visual learner, or she may be both. So Than get books or videos to help teach her.
Can SSE work with ASL signs too? If anyone knows
let's do some crowdfunding over the BootlegZone forums and get it!!
If the master tape is missing, and this acetate is the only copy that exists, then couldn't it be argued that the disc is the property of Calderstone/Apple? If they wanted to intercede and stop the sale, could they legally do it? And even if they did, would they be more or less likely to release it than the highest bidder?
Shame on you for selling this. Things like this belong in a museum so everyone can enjoy it not just rich people.
Do you have I call your name if it was recorded this early?
Not a snippet! Just a teaser. Give the world this great rendition of a piece of history. I demand thee!
They should release a new collection of curios like this. There's loads of stuff. It doesn't have to be a commercial project. Just do it via the website or even a net database like Springsteen and Neil Young are doing.
Awesome !
Holy crap.  Grail.
one word: awesome-tacular!!!
amazing
Please release it... don’t hold the song hostage for a sale.
Quarrymen not Quarreymen
What else is out there.
U have same subscribers as M5
can you go to my channel  plizzz
I too wanna be popular
I think I understand this video
Google translate looked different in my head
Is it bad I relate to Charlotte now more than ever?
Go home Charlotte. You're high
Wtf I don't even know what happened
I feel with each video. We are approaching the absolute
This will sound weird but...I'm on the plant's side.
wow Charlotte poppy is way better than you and the plant is right there are children watching
Do u remember ur real name?
Charlotte is in crisis
I am fuck you ın the your plant
omg charlotte is cussing and is nude what has happened to this world
You are the daughter of illusions. People do not like you. People know secret codes on the site. You are a bad girl who makes you smile thanks to Illumanti. YOU ARE ANYONE.
Please Poppy Save me.\nI'm so sad.
Charlotte ne yapıyorsun #a#m#ı#n#a#k#o#y#a#y#ı#m
What is this. I am new And wtf
She is mean to Plant! 😡
B I K T I K L A N D I N
What the fuck, this is the shit side of youtube.....
What do you mean ???
Poppy You Are So Goood But Why You make this type of videos?
you need help your control by illumanati want help poppy i want everyone in this world to be save
What the actual fuck
I want to fuck you so hard charlotte
I thought poppy show was friendly
You are so dumb I hate poppy 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩🖕🖕🖕
Can I do a reaction video on this???????
Umm I left for a few months and THIS HAPPENS?!
Don't judge me plant..
Plant's right, Charlotte!!
Charlotte, why are you being so mean? Do you know that the children all over the world watching this. Is is not for children to watch. It's not far to show your naked body in front of the camera. Are you crazy? Are you out of your damn mind, huh!
charlotte is a slut
Charlotte is on meth right now
WTF IS THIS!!!\nARE YOU CRAZY OR STUPID...!!!!!\nUHHHH!
This shows us how celebrities will do anything for attention, especially BEING NAKED! Because you'll always be the spotlight when you have nothing on, right? So the ones in the limelight take that advantage and use it to boost their fame! Isn't that why *many,* and *very famous* people are where they are today?! Good job, Poppy's team!
THIS IS SO INTERESTING!!
Have u ever been trolled befor?\n\n\n\n                      read more
Where tf am i
why is the plant the only one i  feel bad for
Ok where did Charlotte find the vodka this time!?
its just me or this plant is really cute
so the plant represents us viewers??
Can someone tell me why this is trending???????
Hehe this is weird cuz.... I am a kid and plus.... I am a girl
Just put your clothes on. Being naked is for Frank liro and Gerard way when they're together.
ugh charlotte hun just stop trying to be relevant smh...
Fakyu
Yo poppy I find you oddly attractive
Killing myself, wbu?
Ooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh uh....😶 🚶
Prim
ummmmmmm iluminuti confirmed
Por-Pop
Bune amk ajahahahaha
ruik aka bu aa ni
oh
Poooooo ppy😍😳😳😳😳
Sansur kaldir amk
Fuck you
WHAAAT...
#TeamPoppy
charlotte are u gud bro
WTF WAS THAT
What the hell ???
Savage
ALLAH SENİ ALSIN
Hey popy good jap
Mk ultra is invovled
Yalakkk
go hall
Asılll sen napıyon aşkığğmmmmm xdxdxdxdxdxdxd
Next: Poppy goes naked
she gives me they creemos😶😶😶😶😶😶😶
Charlottedashan?!?! :0
Fuck you 😂?
Charlottes a Kardashian?
Wtf
*FOR GUD SAKE KILL CHARLOTTE PLEASE.....*
#SAVAGE
U ARE CREEPY U PICO
NOW ITS EASY TO BURN SHELBY PAPET POOP
????????????
Yeah F**k you plant.
Wtf you are a freaking weird shit🙄
Halo
Holy shit
i love poppy
begging for abandonment
shit, charlotte snapped
Is this porn?
Holly shit, I'm scared
Wtf
Charlotte: feminazi\nPlant:Man
That's creepy 😂😂😂
42nd on trending??!!
Sex
F*ck You , plant
Like HHH said this is good for business.
Does Shane know what Kevin did to his father
Who are the story writers on wwe they are making boring story lines
It was good to see Shane McMahon live. I was there last night. He didn't greet the city of Oakland CA that just shows he's serious now. I can't wait for Hell In A Cell
I want to Dean Ambrose or Roman regins or Seth Rollins to fight  Shane McMahon
No Mercy on my birthday :D
Shane is too damn old for this
It's so rare that I see the crowd go silent.
They could make this way more exciting
Let Triple H do it he would beat the hell out of Kevin Owens
Undertaker pulls Shane down under the ring, Shane is gone for a few weeks with the lights going out every time Owens has a match and next ppv the corporate ministry makes its return.
Shane McMahon Vs Kevin Owens At No Mercy Do IT
It's called wwe Shane, The word wrestling is in wwe. If you didn't want your kids to see it why you let them when they already knew the script duhh
When Shane said he was going to Dem him did he mean dm
Shane gotta be one of the best guys in wwe right now\nHe always puts on a fight with great wrestlers and do an incredible job on thoose matches
Lost to undertaker lost to AJ styles y'all think about this
I can't wait...but knowing the current WWE, this match won't be all that great
Isn't it crazy that Shane has 3 sons and Stephanie has 3 daughters
They had Kevin Owens never even come out?
Smackdown is so wack compared to raw
You know the show is bad when the only way to get good ratings is to have the boss fight
What about all those times Austin and Rock beat up the McMahons?
Calling it now.. triple H will come out and pedigree Shane
I love shane but owens wins 😥
If Owens wins, I stop watching.
This match better be good if  not this storyline is trash.
What is Shane looking at?? There are no people in the sections of the arena he is looking at
They do this so Shane can jump off stuff
Am i the only one who got chills throughout all the time Shane was talking?Like,you can see it right in his eyes that he's not joking anymore..
Didn't he himself order people to beat down McMahon on multiple times?
Oh NOW !!! Shane decides : daddy i love now because someone attacked you and i have to care about you now ,and your going to see jump off a cell again and pretand that we have a father -son bond😌😭 .........hhhhhh dude last year you said that you wished that your not his son and you said that you are ashamed
Now I think the only think left is Chris Jericho if he returns on hell in a cell I would be so excited for the smackdown after hell in a cell I am missing Jericho and his list
how much u wanna bet shane jumps of HITC
McMahon's will strike out with massive vengeance! Ha lol you definitely do! Look what you guys did to CM punk
Who threw a pie in Kevin Owens face .....
Anyone ever thought of a KO vs HHH possibility if Shane was still suspended?
Shane was totally Jules in this segment! he's gonna murder Owens....
Come on Shane you can do it you can beat kevin\nDo it for your fans and for machman family
I though he did not like vince
>Shane promises to take Owens to hell\nYou said that about taker and look what happen
Just shame Shane can't call on the devils favourite demon the big red monster Kane to help out just a little lol
Tell Shane to take a trashcan, baseball bat
lameeeeee... \n\nvince should have build this more up
i like you Shane and i hope u do! i just can't  stand ko.
Don't cross the boss!
I'm hoping this feud builds to a Daniel Bryan return... Like, Shane loses, KO continues to beat him, DB comes in to rescue, build tension for a few months as KO becomes world champion again, then DB comes back at the Royal Rumble and wins it, leading to Daniel Bryan vs. Kevin Owens at Wrestlemania.\n\nThat is, of course, if the rumors of him trying to rehab is true.
0:16 \n\nHow would that make you feel?\n\nKevin: I fe---\n\nIt doesn't matter what makes you feel.
Anyone think this could MAYBE lead to HHH v. Owens down the line?
Never mess with a McMahon, never turns out well for you.
Good promo by Shane. I hope he colors up KO in Hell in the Cell.
Wow, that's shane? I remember the days when he was a youngster in a black tracksuit lol
He looks very old and fat now
Shane looking at no fans on that side of the arena it's empty
Y fight when u can just fire him
It's all fake. Fools
Hell In A Cell Hahaha . You got it Kevin Owens.
Plz do us a favor @Shane McMahon dont dive off the cell again🙄🙄🙄
could be a classic
Shane is going to beat an inch of Owens life Owens is finished in 3 weeks no place to run to place to hide 3 weeks KO You will pay for your actions I promise
for real if they dont have owens go over ina brutal dominate fashion that should put kevin back in the wwe title picture then wwe is truly dead
How much you wanna bet that they're gonna reinforce the Cell AGAIN?
Get ready for some big jump at Hell in the Cell from Shane, because his ring ability is taking a leap of faith which obviously always makes the highlight.
a terrible promo performance. no emotion behind it, was just like reading a script. way to not believe in your own product McMahons
You made Kevin do it Shane. Do to your father you made him the heel you had to put your innocent father in this and your sister Stephanie they turned out to be you Shane, just like all of these WWE Universe people they turned to be you Shane, I see Shane everywhere I go to, Every place I see Shane the Devil From the transcendent of heaven Kevin angel descending to battle the devil that is you Shane. See you in hell Shane. Shane, people like Kevin can't go to Hell no, no. They go to heaven like the good angels does.
Shane always delivers something huge, puts his body out there to be destroyed, I'll never forget that summerslam jump.
what happened to his indefinite suspension
shane said in the beginning when he came to wwe that more new guys will get their chance, but they are always highlighting aj style, ko, randy. and he throws himself in every ppv matches
When the roster is so bad Shane McMahon has to return to the ring
Welcome back Shane you know it's time to bring the pain
Evil qur’aan (Proof in desc. and comments) ripping and my advice, if I am slaughtered! Like and RT\nhttps://youtu.be/szZTiavY-6A \nMany muslims are in delusion and they think they will get eternal pleasure for following falsehood!\n\nIf you are to evil to realise the evil nature of Islam there is nothing I can do! \n\nThe most powerful creator will exercise justice to those who are evil!
T
Shane of house mcmahon, is tyrian of house lanister
Vince dont make shane lose
Gg
Shane don't kill yourself agian
Hopefully Shane will win
Well done
0:17 crowd: it doesnt matter!
I'll kill Kevin Owens
DO IT
Awful...Just awful...
i hope  Kevin Owens kills Shane McMahon
Spoiler. Kevin Owens wins this match
ko komon in jring teneit
https://youtu.be/El2jYJ8UKiM
Where is h
This Week:\n\nSmackdown > Raw
Please Subscription This Channel\n\n https://goo.gl/qCepWV
Shane McMahon is awesome
Shane DESTROY him
Stone cold Kevin Owens
a cell shane, a cell
Shane has 3 sons\nStephanie has 3 daughters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jJ47Oee3ag
Shane McMahon Shane McMahon Shane McMahon 👍🙂 boo Kevin Owens
Jajajajjaj no entiendo
yall watch wwe? oboy
HELL IN A CEEELLL!!!
Smack That ))
I love you Shane Mcmahon. But you dont even believe what you are saying. Kevin Owens will not be a known name in 10 years from now. And its expressed in your promo for your rivalry here. You are so humble to grant Kevin Owens your spotlight.\nYou guys might be pushing him, but there is no reason for it, and I see here that you believe that too.
You opening that card.... Oh, Carrie!! We miss you!! Xxx
Can you get it in? It's not really in is it? Looks like a turtle head - sounds like the time I lost my virginity.
The show was amazing well worth waiting for
Just binge watched all the watch me wednesdays again, one of the best series on YouTube 💜
You are so amazing and an absolute credit to yourself and a fantastic actress that can do anything you put your mind to x
Where is Les? Fab job Scott!
Watched The Addams Family today at the Hippodrome and it was flipping brilliant! I was in awe at how amazing the whole cast was, even when there were some disturbances the cast stayed in characters. I'd love to watch it again!!
You'r so caring for  looking after a mouse, must people would just leave him to die & you have such an outstanding voice! Did u train at a theatre school?🎭
Why did you put the box on its lid? Did you remember to put holes in it so the mouse can breathe?
Aaw your hair has gotten so long Carrie omg!! And I was emotional during this, when you opened that card and when you were on your old dressing room. Rip Archie❤️❤️
I'm seeing you today!!!!
OMG im so lucky, i got to meet you and Oliver today. I was the girl who was really emotional and couldn't stop trying, please apologise to oliver for me. All the cast were amazing today. thank you sooo much xxxx
Carrie, could you make a video doing your favorite vocal warm ups? It'd be help a lot of singers I think, plus it'd be fun and interesting to watch, thanks :)
I always love the warm up and behind the stage parts! \nGreat vlog again, looking forward to the next one :) !!
Anyone know if there's anywhere you can buy the soundtrack for The Addams Family? Saw the show in July and loved and would love the album.
I would love to see a video on your singing warm ups! I take a little children's choir and am looking for some genuine warm ups! They would love it if they were doing the same warm ups as you guys in theatre!! \nLove your videos, love seeing the behind scenes of something I've always dreamed of doing x
In way too emotional about Archie
The length of you hair is so cute right now!!
Carrie! Your hair in the beginning was soooo cute!
Hi, Carrie Hope Fletcher. I want to see a photos of you in Mary Poppins.
I saw that Mary Poppins all those years ago! I was right up in the gods and could see the terror on the face of the flying Mary...
Tbh I'm quite impressed that it has been fourteen years and you still remember everyone's names! :D guess I just have a very short memory...
Hi Carrie! My name is Jemma and I just wanted to say how amazing you are. You are such a beautiful person and deserve so much as you are so kind and caring and just the best person. You are an amazing singer and actor and I hope you have an amazing life and career. Unfortunately I live in Australia and I won't be able to see The Addams Family live but it is my absolute dream and I hope that maybe one day I will be able to see you and Oliver perform in The Addams family as well as the rest of the cast. Once again you are beautiful and I love you so much.\n\nMuch Love,\nJemma from Australia!❤️\n(You probably won't see this but I just thought I'd say something nice anyway 😊)
My home town of Bristol!!!
Where did you get your amazing jeans???
Oh my goodness to have a signed photo of you as Eponine?!?! I'd probably faint or cry from happiness. Probably both. <3
I'm glad you are feeling better! Hope Archie survives! I'm gutted I couldn't see you perform in Bristol. But hopefully coming to see you perform in Wolverhampton - can't wait! Xx
Would be so grateful to anyone reading this if they would check my latest video, It's my first one ever which is scary. But karma will repay you good if you help a girl out :) like and sub if you would hehe ❤️❤️❤️ all you have to do is click :)))
Just got back from seeing you tonight! I love love loooooved the show❤️.  You are so amazing Carrie :)
Actually ignore the last comment cos I went to see it on Thursday and it was absolutely amazing. It's honestly one of the best nights of my life. Got to see Oliver at stage door though I'm gutted I couldn't see you. But your performance made it worth it. 💜💜💜💜
nice, you went past my house
Ah! I lived in Briz for 3 years, so cliché to say but fun to see you at the Hip and around thems local parts! If you get a chance to get up Cabot Tower in the centre, any of the Boston Tea Party coffee shops AND BAKESMITHS MY DAYS. Also the Cotham Hill (said cott-ham or coth-ham?!) charity shops are BRILLO PADS for lil' gems. If you get any down time, a poke around Clifton, cobbles, coffee shops and cute things to see comes warmly reckoed (as does the fish and chips in Clifton!) Enjoy Bristol, I hope you get some quality rest <3
I think boyonce is the perfect nickname for Scott! 😂 xx
Laughing at the crew girls checking out Oli dancing HAHA
Bristol is my country lol
Carrie, I'm thrilled your in Bristol but so heart broken because I can't see you because I'm away. Is there anyway I could deliver a letter to you? I love you so much xxxxxxxx
Coming to see you on Saturday 😊😍😘
Is Scott playing Fester permanently? Did Les leave?
Please! Could you do a tutoriel on how you do your two braids with the cute scarf in it? You look too adorable !!
RIP Archie, hey! Maybe he could have played thing!
Carrie is a woman of many hairstyles and I love it. Working the pigtails.
Awww Archie! :(\nGlad you're feeling better, Carrie! I don't remember the last time you wore jeans but those ones look amazing!!!
Love watching behind the scenes of theatre!!!! It's Totally my dream job❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
NIOOOOOO ARCHIE. YOU WERE A WONDERFUL LITTLE MOUSE WHO DID NO HARM TO NO ONE. RIP LIL ARCHIE. WE LOVE YOU😘  ok now I'm crying
When you live in Bristol... OMG 😍😫💗
how would I get my letter to you? :)
I saw you perform last night in bristol (20th) and im seeing you again tonight!!! Couldnt be more excited if i tried Xx
So sad that when I lived in Bristol, the Addams family was on in Cardiff and now I've moved there for uni its in Bristol this week :(
I lived in Bristol for 3 years when I was at uni. I loved it there. It's so quirky and like a mini London.
Wow Carrie, your hair is growing so fast!
I love that you give your coworkers free reign of the camera sometimes! It's super funny, and also fun to see you in action!
any small youtubers wanting to help each other out? ill sub back x
OH MY GOD YOU ARE IN MY HOME CITY! I'm coming to see the show on Friday and I cant wait!
Carrie your backpack is lovely!! so pretty!! xx
Your voice is stunning.  I used to live in Bristol miss it so much x
Coming to see this saturday! So excited as I saw you in les mis and also played Wednesday a few years back in our groups production! My friends went yesterday said it was amazing and took photos with you at stage door! 🎉
My mum and I went to see the matinee in Bristol yesterday! It was the first musical I'd ever been to and we thought you were all amazing :) Such a fun show!
Poor Archie. :(. So is les Dennis still ill, he wasn't well when I saw you last week in Manchester. Also I think there must have been something going around that theatre, I got ill last week too. X
Aw the card from your mom and dad<3 Dressing room nostalgia :') RIP Archie!
I noticed before you mentioned the Cat Cafe that you were going to walk passed it and you gave the exact reaction I thought you would lol, love cat cafes.
Carrie, would you ever be able to do an updated hair care routine? Your hair is looking so long and lovely
I like Oliver's haircut. If I wasn't going bald, I'd get it myself.
How did this get on trending 4 with 45k views
I'm coming to see the show on Saturday evening, so excited!
Omg I LOVE your bag! Where is it from!? X
It was great seeing the show yesterday!
Do you think you're gonna venture into the cat café at some point? Love the video! x
Omg I came to watch you when the show came to my city and now my school announced today that we are doing the Addams family as our school musical this year! I'm so happy!
We were at the Saturday show. So sad not to see you proform. You did the right thing though and we enjoyed the show all the same. Hopefully we can come see you in something else soon xxx
your hair looks so good at this length :)
When I saw 'Hippo' in the title, my brain immediately went, Hippo Campus! (the band) and thought Carrie was gonna talk about seeing them live or something... guess I've been watching too many Hippo Campus vids...
Omg he died?? That's so sad 😨😰
As a Bristolian I properly yelped in delight at seeing you in our lovely city! I hope it’s treating you all well 😊
Dat ass Ms Fletcher 👀😂 someone hasn't been slacking on their squatting 💪😜
i'm seeing addams family on 5th october!!! in belfast!! missing school and all, i'm so excited
Pause at 7:58 to see three ladies checking out Oliver!
Oliver dancing and those 3 women staring at him like wtf is honestly hilarious!
ahhh i miss england so much watching your vlogs carrie but they really help me feel closer to home! <3 i wish i could come and watch the musical but unfortunately i'm a poor british uni student living in australia! i've had one normal night on loop since i first listened to it this morning and im in awe of the notes and lyrics <3
Hearing you sing made me happy💜 glad your feeling better.xx.
as always this has made me so happy! Except, of course, for Archie. Rest In Peace!
Omg I know the chip shop you mean !! It's right by that cat cafe you walked past there, I was there a few weeks ago and admired the Sheridan Smith autographs!!
That booty though Carrie! ❤️🍑 You're gorgeous inside and out 😘😘
i have never been more sad about a mouse dying :( :( :( :( :(
You have a good heart Carrie. Goodbye Archie, we hardly knew ye...
Archie! :(
Archie was so cute :'(
My city ❤️
rip archie addams x
Big up Bristol!
I live there
Carrie in jeans?
hmm
R.I.P Archie
RIP Archie we hardly knew ye
rip archie :(
**glasses nose twitch**
🖤💜🖤
Awwww, rest in peace, little Archie Addams
7:12 boyonce I've NEVER laughed so hard in my life 😂❤
7:56 the girls in the background starring at Oliver dancing are somehow so funny to me. :D Love your vlogs so much! Thank you for making them, Carrie! <3
I'm starting to think these guys don't even know how to fix vcrs
OMG, 'The Possession' was sssooo f-ing pretentious. It is the stereotypical pretentious European film.
I actually really liked this. Enjoyed it much more than that clownshoes shitstain that was It
This is the first time I ever remember completely disagreeing with you guys. This movie was fantastic.
So, the couple breaking the sink, resulting in everyone getting kicked out; was that supposed to be the Biblical flood?
DO YOU GET IT?
i'm having a hard time telling what redlettermedia considers a good movie. just cuz mother is a movie with a lot of symbolism and biblical references, it's bad? while mike liked movies like jurassic world, a blatant piece of shit. i usually respect redlettermedia's opinion, but i'd really like to know what they consider a good movie. cuz if jurassic world is a good movie but mother is not, then i'm not sure what exactly these guys' priorities are.
Thanks for telling me what I should be afraid of Jay
Amazing movie. Fuck every hater. Same pricks who bagged on the incredible The Fountain.
Mother is just creepy satanist shit disguised as Stylistic film, Aronofsky is a fucking HACK.
No one would go see the Shining today. What? Yes, it's Kubrick, but it's not a falsely advertised art film. It's a horror film. People will still give smart horror a chance enough for it to be profitable. The Witch for example did pretty well for its tiny miniscule budget.\
I think the movie works better if you watch it as a metaphor for the creative process, with the house as the work of art, her as the aspect of the artist in it for the art and him as the aspect of the artist in it for the adoration. The cyclic nature of the ending makes a lot more sense then. Sure there are biblical situations referenced, but ultimately they don't really say a lot.
I hated this film. Bored at start offended by the end. I'm not ashamed to say I found the baby stuff appalling and cruel. Fuck you Mother!
17:15 Guessing you haven't seen Westworld, then? Good stuff, check it out!
Can tell mother is pretentious cancer from the trailer.
Saw this at a matinee today and disappointed grandmas is an accurate description of most of the audience. \n\nAlso I had no idea going into it that the movie was supposed to be some sort of Biblical/environmental allegory. I kept thinking it was going to involve a Black Lodge-like alternate dimension. I've been watching way too much Twin Peaks lately.
So it's a pretentious movie about the Bible and humanity written by a Brooklyn cab driver and starring Jennifer Lawrence, okay.
i cant believe they got natalie portman to play Ness in this movie. who would have thought that jennifer lawrence would be an excellent Mr. Saturn?\n\nthat part with the robots and the ghost eating Ness and his friend's was so funny! i couldn't believe that nintendo would make their most widely released and marketable series into such a hit disney classic!\n\ngo see mother! TODAY! bring the family, and ESPECIALLY fans of the game series and its 28 sequels released over 8 consoles. they will LOVE IT!
At least Mother is an original film.......Oh wait, it's just another reboot, retelling of the Bible. Nevermind!!\n\n\nTrump is a gay clown with Herpes.
This wasn't a documentary on the band Danzig! ZERO STARS!
They were gonna make a sequel called 'Father!', but the script ran away.
I took a big shit after the scene she conceived. So, I missed Kristen Wiig's performance. But I had a pretty good idea how it would end... and it did.\n\nAnd... I actually still liked it. I guess I didn't find it profound, but novel enough in execution.
Can we take about how Arronofsky ripped off Satoichi Kon's 'Perfect Blue' for 'Black Swan' please?
I enjoyed Mother as a non metaphorical retelling of the Bible. The metaphors were so obvious that it's literally just a weird disturbing edgy bible retelling, and it not being grounded in reality is no longer an issue.
Hey now. Identity is one of my favorite, Fuck it, I'll watch it when it's on basic cable movies ever.
So this movie ripped off In The Mouth Of Madness too?
Meh, I liked it.
Crap movie. Trite and pretentious.
22:40 wut...
doughy-eyed
I saw Aronosky's The Fountain at the theater. As I was buying my ticket some woman asks me What's that movie about? and I was like BEYOTCH, I DON'T KNOW. I AIN'T SEEN IT YET! \n\nAfter it was over I still didn't know what it was about. Why was Wolverine in space? Talking to a tree. Was the tree Groot?
These past two half in the bags they didn't even bother to give a recommendation 😂😂
You guys basically ate Aronofsky's baby. \n\n\n\nProbably the most brutal episode yet.
preview voice:in the 22rd century, satan minions assaulted a innocent mind, darren afronosky. the artist disturbed by satan underling, recluse himself inside allogoric images that try to take over his own mind. no one and not event god could save him until baz luran. 80s music, baz luran the demon slayer.\n\nbaz luran (fake accent canadian): let gets tactical!!!\n\nbaz luran shot and destroy 6 demons who fall on exploding car.\n\npreview voice: satans minions, allegorism aren't usefull. only raw violence!!!!\n\nspectator blinking his eyes\n\nspectator: hein quoi? (wha, what)\n\nthank you guys for running my life.
Do you repair Video 2000 too?
Is there a Disney version of this?
is it just me or does Jay say One of my favorite movies.. like 18 times this episode
I love you guys, but I couldn't disagree more with your assessment of this movie. This is meant to be a visual/visceral experience. Why does everything have to be a realistic character drama? If you were smart enough to figure out the obviousness of the thematic/allegorical elements just a few minutes in, I'm shocked that you kept trying to analyze mother! by the same criteria as other 3-act narratives. \n\nWhat it comes down to is this: If you are able to stop analyzing this movie as a conventional character drama, you will enjoy it. If you aren't able to do this, you will think it's stupid. \n\nHey, I'm the same way with horror movies. I can't enjoy most horror movies because that little voice in my brain says, Supernatural stuff is horseshit, and I'm immediately taken out of the viewing experience. For some reason, I'm able to go along for the ride with movies like mother! Maybe it's because I respect any filmmaker who takes a chance and tries to do something interesting, so I give them a long leash.\n\nI thought this was a fascinating mess of a film and I'm glad that a major studio had the stones to make it. This is the kind of film you might have seen back in the 70s, when it was truly a director's medium. Not all of those movies worked, of course, but they were pure artistic visions. It gives me hope that maybe there is something beyond sequels and superhero movies in our future.
Wheres the part where guy gets eaten by the big whale?
mother! is great.
So, literally vvitch in a house, the movie.
You should watch the Transfiguration an art house vampire movie written and directed by a Brooklyn cab driver. And its good.
They were absolutely trying to trick people.
8:26 That's the same font used for the record cover of Bruce Springsteen's Nebraska.
I wish I could go to the movies with you guys.
Inspired by Kenny Wu's comment here about a hypothetical Wayans Brothers spoof called 'Motherfucker!'\n\nIt starts with them writing the scene, in what I can only imagine is basically a cinematic game of 'Cards Against Humanity.' \n\nHow should we spoof 'Mother!'? \n\n*draws three cards*\n\nInception...explosive diarrhea...and mariachi music. \n\nI think we're done here.\n\nAnd then they write a scene where Jennifer Lawrence wakes up and tells her husband about what a craaaaaazy dream she just had. Then, she wonders if her dream had some sort of secret meaning *INCEPTION MUSIC*...but then her husband tells her it was probably that all that Mexican food that she ate before bed...at which point her eyes widen, and the next shot is her on a toilet having explosive diarrhea as the soundtrack plays loud mariachi music. \n\nIt's SO BAD that it's almost definitely happening.
I don't even watch movies and this is my favorite YouTube channel.
Don't normally concur with the guy on the right, but he nails it on 15:57. What the hell was the point in this endeavour?
15:24 Someone's FB Messenger goes off. 15:53 also. It's a whole conversation!
The veil around Darren Aronofsky has forever been shredded.
Nothing better than non-Christians cynically using the Bible in an extremely transparent way to give their shitty ideas some perceived weight.
Exactly how I feel about it!! Now there's no need to post my own review lol.
Hey guys, remember when we were teenagers and rented Pi on VHS and didn't understand fucking any of it but we thought the fact that we didn't understand it meant that it was too smart for us, so we pretended to really like it so that nobody thought we were dumb?\n\nThose were the days, huh guys?
This movie was actually pretty great
Is Susan contractually obligated to laugh at all of the fat one's jokes?
By Brooklyn cab-driver you mean a Jew.
I'm surprised Mike and Jay had enough restraint to talk about Isabelle Adjani and not mention Ishtar once.
Mostly agree with Mike, liked the first half, the second half got weird but not in an interesting way. The same things happened in the second half as in the first half, just more intense/violent/exaggerated, and the allegory was very obvious. The movie works best when it's about a relationship between two people that can be read as an allegory, not JUST an allegory. The two mains are interesting as people and the movie didn't need to lean so heavily on the allegory.
Sounds like Aronofsky is trying too hard.\nThis seems even worse than Noah, his last Biblical movie.
It was a wide release cause they didn't think they could make the dough back with a hipster release
I think if you just look at the surface-level interpretation, it's a decent movie. Maybe a continuation of the themes in Black Swan: a surreal look at what it's like to be married to a famous person and keeping your life private and your love alive. Once you realize the Bible metaphor, though, you're like, What's the point of that?
FUCK REALITY. I'm surrounded by that boring shit 24/7. I go to films to get away from reality.
Jay is so Mikeish in this video
it´s a great great movie
What he should've done is based the movie around a story telling narrative. So a grandfather is concerned for his grandson who was kicked out of church last Sunday, and the kid doesn't care about such things, he can't relate to it. So the grandfather tries sitting him down for a bedtime story and creates this story to share various aspects of the Bible. It'll basically be set up just like the Princess Bride.
So.............would either of you recommend it?! HOW WILL I KNOW?!
Well, I guess there's always Ishtar
Check out mother! Or don't, it doesn't 'mother'.
Requiem for a dream is contemporary reefer madness............pfffffft. These drugs will kill you. And if they're not - they will make you do ass to ass double sided dildo
Let me guess, Jennifer lawrence was all pretty calm and fair even tho she is also the representation of predatory animals, NATURAL disasters and the pest? I wonder.
lol he makes one so-so film and now aronofsky is a huge hack apparently
I'd love to see a parody done by these guys of the rick and morty analysis and theory videos that are so obviously done by people who just want views, be hilarious.
Still less dumb than the actual bible.
I see what the movie was trying to do but the whole film was so obnoxious. Seriously Aronofsky and Ridley Scott need to stop with the biblical themes, or at least not do philosophical topics in such a hamfisted way.
I clapped because I remember the Bible!
I got legitimately scared when they first mentioned a Mother! cinematic universe. The mere thought of there being more films exactly like this put a small pit in my stomach. Yes, this film warped my sense of logic and reasoning, that's how much it hurt me.
6:30\nwtf, I love Jay more now!
So what? Is there a Golden Raspberry nomination for the leading actress\nand the director next year or not?
The main characters are literally f*cking called Him & Her
Why didn't you make it clear enough how terrible Wondah Womah was, you hack frauds? I invested actual personal time on that piece of shit movie, and you are at least 6% responsible for that fact.
Yeah but if he did give it away in his interviews you wouldn't say oooohhh it's so obvious.
I haven't been scared by a movie since I was 14 and A Nightmare on Elm Street was shown on Australian TV for the first time (needless to say, I've seen it since and it isn't scary). I don't understand this shit where adults are still looking to be scared in movies. Movies aren't scary. What sort of asshole watches a fucking movie and gets scared? Jesus Christ. \n\nOh, and don't misinterpret the above rant as a defence of this movie. I've never heard of it, hate Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky and will never fucking see it. The end.
Anyone else think that poster of Jennifer Lawrence with flowers around her looks like Benedict Cumberstrange...
Ok guys, thank you very much. I now have my official opinion on this film
Interestingly YMS liked this movie which i think confirms him for pretentious
Frankly, my problem with this film wasn't with the quality of the film making (though that film grain made me want to vomit at times), but rather with the failure at allegory.\nI came into this film blind, and I'm also STRONGLY Catholic. I didn't get the biblical allegory at all until the communion scene. Even then, I was confused by it. Aranofsky's greatest failure here is an attempt to use literature he doesn't understand as a template for his allegory. It ends up making no sense, because the character of God is inconsistent. In fact, throughout the movie, I said to myself multiple times that Javier's character was going to be the devil. And, in fact, I think that's the source of Aronofsky's great failure. In an attempt to describe human history as a relationship between man, God, and the earth, Darren got God confused with the devil.
Mike could have a really good Yosemite Sam moustache.
Well shit, just found out RLM deletes comments.
21:00
loli
I liked it.
aH IN GLORIOUS 24FPS
I loved '''Identity'.
artsy fartsy crap
29:29\n\nNANI????????
I wonder how these hacks feel about Taylor Sheridan movies. I get that they are probably too good and indie for a Half in the Bag review, but maybe they can make a show where they review good movies? This is kind of what re:View is, but maybe they could do the same thing with movies made in this millennium?
Do you remember the Bible?\n\nDo you remember?
mother exclamation point
But below the obvious religious metaphor there is other metaphors about relationship, and human history and how we destroy ourselves. History repeats itself if we do not learn from it hence the groundhog effect. Also Jennifer Lawrence  is nit his new wife, he keeps aging when he resets, but she gets reseted with the world. It was nice to get your take because I haven't seen the mother earth aspect and I had missed some clues.
The guy on the left is Mr plinket right
When she calls him honey❤️
you could make a lookbook based off of your favorite movie characters <3\nyou could also make a vlog-type video taking us shopping with you (clothes, makeup, knick-knacks, etc)\n\nlove you arden! =)
Ironically I feel like a how to keep productive video or how to have a relaxing evening or a how to de stress vid would be cool I think you will do well with those because I haven't seen many done before!
Do a video reacting to your old videos! or your first video
This was fucking precious and hilarious
Ah! Some great subreddits to check out: malicious compliance // prorevenge // tales from retail
MAKE MORE OF THIS PLZ
please do this again and again and again
DO IT MORE
More please!!
Ooh do this more!! It's super funny!!!
Baking videos! Vlogs (I love when y'all do that), playlist videos (like what you're listening to now)!!!
I would watch a weekly one of these not gonna lie
THANK U YESSS U FINALLY MADE A VIDEO WITH WILL THIS IS WHAT I LOVE MOST
this is one of my favorite videos you guys have made
Never seen Arden high until now
Do a video on your jewelry! Loved this video😀
more! i loved it
i fucking loved this content holy shit
I loved this because I'm too lazy to open reddit by myself HEE HEE
The kind of content I signed up for. 👌👌
make this a series
It's okay I'm from Cornwall... and in Truro I saw a guy shouting from a roof once in Lemon Quay for hours.. Cornwall news is odd
where is your top from? its amazing
haha tru tru! I've never been to reddit. My life is so much better thanks!
yay I loved this and all the banter!!
The Truro from that article is actually in Canada. I've been there and, believe me, it's not a beautiful city
I like this a LOT. A lot a lot.
i would love to see a vinyl collection video by arden
I need more than one like button for this video
Honestly I was screaming and snorting. I never once snorted in my life
Ahahahah they're like Ethan and Hila but the world hasn't broken them
You guys are like cute grandparents 😂😂😂😂😂
it was so funny when you realized what the condom said but then re realized that it had a donut jajajajaja make it a series who cares
Yup just explored the world of Reddit for over half an hour thank you Arden! Love you and your videos so much! A part two of this would be great. Your videos are great and also I love seeing you and Will together you guys are so cute!!!
I can confirm Truro is lit .... I live there soooo
i can't understand how people can literally laugh out loud looking at those
is it just me or is arden so much more extra than usual in this video i love it i couldn't stop laughing
Memes make me feel warm and fuzzy inside
Arden could you do a video of past jobs you ever had and your experiences?❤
Loved this. Please make more!!!
This was great. Please do this again omg
this is good content
PLEASE make this a series!!! Shower thoughts is a great sub reddit!
Do a vid about collections you have or have had! Like things you always gotta get if you see it in a shop. Or like things you used to collect as a child (like rocks, ticket stubs, stuffed animals, idk!)
Love this so so much. Should definitely make this a regular thing. :)
MORE LOOKBOOKS! MORE MAKE UP TUTORIALS! TALK ABOUT STUFF YOU LIKE, FASHION, MUSIC, TV SHOWS, MOVIES.
wow I can't wait till y'all get married
You two are such a sweet couple! Travel videos are always cool, but even little videos about exploring your city are always fun to watch. You could do your take on the old home videos that parents would make to capture your life at this moment in time. Discuss movie reviews of what you should actually watch that's out in the theaters right now. If none of those seem like a good idea maybe opt for videos on your option about today's society (societal pressures, observations you've made, fashion, androgyny). Also you could do a video comparing your upbringing with Will's and seeing how it was affected by the country you grew up in :)
This was hilarious! I haven't laughed this hard at a video in ages. Please do more 👌🏻
A FAVORITE MOVIES VIDEO in which both of u talk about ur fav movies of aaaaaaall time and fav movies of the year!!!
Please do a million more of these. Arden + Will + Memes = a good time
video ideas: 1. your favourite coffee places/cafés/bars/cool spots in the current city you're in (like maybe a guide to have a great day in that city, e.g. go here for breakfast, then here for some nice things to do etc) 2. go through different types of media (photos, films, books, art pieces, songs) and pick out one in each media where, if you could, you would want to live in that world, so like where you would want to be a character if that makes sense 3. talk about which people has inspired you in different ways, maybe in fashion, as a woman or something like that
this is some quality content right here
this should be a weekly installment
What are you actually doing with your life
Your shirt looks like my school uniform
Arden you should just become a meme reaction channel
omg will 6:·0 did you.. lied to me? so cuteeee you guys i love your relationship and maybe some videos about decorating and ikea and things like that and maybe some cooking videos we all loved you guys together!! so easy you just gotta be yourself and make videos we really watch this channel nd will's because we love you :) greetings from Mexico also, if you would like to use your platform for help I would really appreciate it, with the earthquake things has gotten pretty serious a lot of people are homeless now and a lot of people still burried under the buildings :( even little kids :( if you would like to share info about donation of curse you can make sure the site and info is true i would suggest donating via amazon, unicef and carlos slim foundation, red cross you sharing the links really means the world to us Arden. :( love from México!
Wait this was so entertaining to watch thank you for posting omg
Does anyone else feel like Arden is more obnoxious when will is around? Like she laughs at nothing. I like memes but most of these were just ok
I love seeing both of your reactions, it was cute yet hilarious. Do some more of these meme videos +ardenrose
Please do this again I loved this so much 💕
Superman had an Earth dad so it kind of makes sense.\n\nI think the joke is more Batman's parents (but he's pictures as a kid when he may have had a mom).
Make a video with Andrea!!
Pleaaaaase keep doing this, i loved it
You could do the Closet Confidentional tag x
I NEVER FELT SO SINGLE IN MY FRICKIN LIFEE
Who else thought it was Brad Hall in the thumbnail?
The woman seems more like of a boyfriend than the guy.
sex pistols poster in the background 😍
you're out of his league... just saying.
Girl great vídeo. Could you make some more about adult life? 🖤
Will looks like a combo of Austin Butler and Bill Skarsgard which is NIIICE & Arden is so flippin beautiful!!
would seriously love another week in my life vid or something of the sorts
this is like the perfect video i need on youtube, couples just laughing at memes while wearing nice clothes.
I feel like this is a really good and funny video segment of Crash On My Couch, loved it
Lolol I loved this, pls do more
r/surrealmemes is neat
PEEJ MUSIC
Yesssss
r/shittyrobots gives me life
I love Reddit. GIMME MORE! :)
Redducation
Reddit education..... reducation
MORE MORE MORE MORE
keep this shit cumin
More.
THAT WAS GREAT
reddit scares me
arden make an asmr video!!!!! an asmr makeup video !!!! hahahahah
Absolutely hilarious!
:> http://fuckyeahdementia.com/
PROCREATE TUTORIAL\n\n\nBOOK FAVS EVERY MONTH\n\n\nMONTHLY FAVOURITES\n\n\nWEEKLY VLOGS HELL YAAS\n\n\nAUTUMN TAG
Loved this. Haha
💛💛💛
I liked it
Normfags
I WANT THAT LAZY OAF SWEATER SO BAD
10 minutes... AND 1 GODDAMN SECOND!!!
I hate that this is the album!!! This music, this voice, this person is amazing and so talented and above all is REAL!!!
Yes this song is so how i feel right  about  now
Love this song🙏 Keep your vision so you can keep signing these checks ✔💯
Love or hate her but she can sing
Tay Tay girl I see Traci in her feelings Trabirds Bluebird drama for BFV lmao love you all
Still can't touch Toni!
💘 THE WAY SHE SINGS .I NEED MORE LIVE PERFORMANCES FROM HER. JUST HER SINGING NO MUSIC.
Yaass to the song and winter theme graphics.
I love her voice Tamar Braxton that song is Beautiful your voice is awesome good job
what they say bout my big sister?
I talked all that shit but I’m in my WENDY WILLAMS MOOD NOW 🤧🍸
Yasss Tay you better sang this song yes a Grammy👸👏👏👏👸👸🎤🎤🎤🎤🎤🎶🎶🎶🎶💞💞💞💖💖👏👏☝☝☝🎤🎤🎤👸keep makig the music
I am GAGGING this made me teary eyed
when she hit that high note like Mariah carey!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TAMARTIANS WE NEED TO SPEAK A GRAMMY INTO EXISTENCE
She killed this grammy to braxton
I'm your #1 Tamartin  fan it's  broken my heart to  hear more sincere girl family first❤❤❤🎤🎤🎤🎤🎤👨‍👩‍👦
I was looking for this song.... Tamar, bitch you betta sing that throat all the way off!! Can't wait to get her album!
I'm commenting while watching the ad I know she's gonna slay go head  tay  tay
She put her entire SOUL into this track 💙🕊💙🕊💙🕊💙
This voice can't leave the music industry. We need this soulful beautiful voice. This can't be the final album from Tamar. No.
I'm not saying people have to like the song, but I don't get what's so terrible about it to some of you. Some folks complain about no real singing or R&B is being done and you want it back. But as soon as a vocalist gives you exactly that, you're still not satisfied with it. I don't understand, this is simply the piano and Tamar's voice. What is so bad about that? Y'all never heard of unplugged before? Do you need a club banger or a slick, glossy, over-produced beat to get your attention all the time? Is it because she isn't talking about the club, sex, alcohol, or drugs? Is it because you can't dance to it? Is it because you're so emotionally desensitized you can't relate? I don't get the problem. I love this song, simply because most of us can relate and you feel every word Tamar is singing.
Why is this her last album
Yess Tamar come on with the vocals
Saw her peform this at Howard Theatre a few weeks back.. best song of the might
Wow, girl can sing her lungs out. Excellent.
[Intro]\nI'd rather go blind, blind, blind\nThan to see you with her tonight\nI'm done with your lies\nBut I can't say goodbye\nSo, I'd rather go blind\n\n[Verse 1]\nSee I remember, I remember that night\nTil the mornin’ I just cried and cried\nIn the bed, no pillow talk\nThe way you left was cold and rough\nIt's ok cause you'll be back and you'll be mine\nBut where you go, where you go, where you go\nI will never know\nYou just leave me here confused\nDown, depressed and feeling blue\nI’ve convinced myself that you’ll be back in due time\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nI’ll be praying, wishing, hoping that you notice me\nBut now you surrounded by new company\nI play it cool, but truth is that's a lie\n\n[Chorus]\nI’d rather go blind, blind, blind\nThan to see you with her, tonight\nI'm done with your lies\nBut I can't say goodbye\nSo I’d rather go blind\nCause you was all mine, all, mine\nAnd we had the time of our lives\nThen I lost my sight\nWhen I saw you that night\nSo I’d rather go blind\nI’d rather go blind\n \n\n[Verse 2]\nSave your talkin' I know all the facts\nTell her it's over and imma take you back\nLook me right here in my face\nCrush her heart and say you've changed\nThough we both know that's not what you want right now\nNow where you go, where you go, where you go\nI will never ever, never know\nYou just left me here confused\nDown, depressed and feeling blue\nI just hope that you’ll come back home in due time\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nI’ll be praying, wishing, hoping that you notice me\nBut now you surrounded by new company\nI play it cool, but truth is that's a lie\n\n[Chorus]\nI’d rather go blind, blind, blind\nThan to see you with her, tonight\nI'm done with your lies\nBut I can't say goodbye\nSo I’d rather go blind\nCause you was all mine, all, mine\nAnd we had the time of our lives\nThen I lost my sight\nWhen I saw you that night\nSo I’d rather go blind\nI’d rather go blind\n \n\n[Bridge]\nBaby, what the hell am I supposed to do without ya\nI’ll turn a blind eye just to solidify ya\nCause I need you back in my life\n\n[Chorus]\nI’d rather go blind\nThan to see you with her, tonight\nI'm done with your lies\nI can't say goodbye\nSo I’d rather go blind\nYou were all mine\nAnd we had the time of our lives\nBut I lost my sight\nWhen I seen yo ass that night\nSo, I’d rather go blind\nI'd rather go blind
Slay Tamar please let's give this woman her well deserve GRAMMY!!!
Loveeeee.
*HERE BEFORE 1M* ❤💘💘
Beautiful!
🎶🎶🎶🎶❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🎶🎶🎶🎶
Good gaaawd 4:10 back vocals 😭
This is Deep
🔥❤️
sad song 😣
Yeessssss!!!!
CHILLS
gooooooooo off ta-ta
Aye y'all heard that pinch of Toni M. Braxton tho 😏😏🤗☺️#braxtonfamilyvalues #tamar #teambraxtons
flawlessssssssssss
😍😍😍😍👏👏👏👏👏
You beta sang Tay😍😍😍😍😍😍
Love This 😩❤️
😘😘😘😘
GRAMMY!!!!
Beautiful 💙💞💙💞💙💞💙💞
Sing that damn song heifer 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💔💕💓💖💗👄👁️💃👯🗣️🎹🎵🎶🎼
Yasss lord!!!
Yasss TAY the song the album cover ! Yass HUNNI !
Yeeeaaasss TAMAR ESTINE BRAXTON-HERBERT!!!!!!😍💕
That's how I feel
im so ready for the video!!!!!
Yesss! Worth every coin I'm going to spend. Thanks Tamar and Tiyon! Great team!
Who else cried with this song
Move To Google And then Type: *gamesecrxguide snapchat* This has been the purely working snapchat secret working from this month. Please do not waste your free time on some other tools
She said this is her last album because she wants to protect her marriage. She said that she wants to write songs for artists though.
Etta James is turning in her mother f****** grave
I love everything about this 😍😍😍
I am so proud of her I I I love her I thought she was just going to be like a one-hit wonder what that girl can sing I wish her all the success
Finally she put the whole entire song out. OMG I'm obsessed with this song 💜💜💜
Tamar you playing. This can’t be your last album 😩😩😩
Awesome song...just have to get better while performing live.
Tamie I'd rather go blind than accept that this will be your last album 😭
Staring at this beautiful cover art, while listening to you sing, takes me to a different place...somewhere in heaven and I know that no matter what I'm going through, I'm going to come out victorious on the other side! 🐦💙🐦💙🐦💙
TA-MAR...mutherf*ckin BRAXTON!!!! I can't...this song got me in my feelings!!!! YASSSSS
i know im not the only one cried
I will be buying this album❤💚💛💙💜
I can't! The amount of times I've come back here to listen to this song is crazy!!! Tamar you DID THAT!
She NEED A GRAMMY!!
Extremely culturally insensitive and inappropriate
SING HEFFA!!!!!
wowwwwwwwwwwwwww <3 omgggggg
Wow o.o
#Grammy
Ok
SLAYED!
Damn Tamar! You can sang!!
Uncry  theese tears
nice voice..
Boring song!
That cover art!!!
😍❤❤❤
Tamar... 😍😍😍😍 🙌🙌
Grammer worthy!
Me: \n***wig is SNATCHED***\n***throws shoe***
#SlaymarBraxton The fuckin #Queen
CHILE CALL ME  STEVIE WONDER CUZ INT FEND THE SEE THIS SHIT LMAOOO😄
Everyone copy the link to this video and put it on every video you watch!!!Tamar deserves it!!!!!
this feels like such a Christmas breakup song, LOVE
yeasss tayyy
AS A MOTHER , WOMAN & SOMEONE ALWAYS CALLING ON WHITE JESUS , SHOULD HAVE MORE RESPECT FOR THEMSELVES. BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY SEXX SELL.
All they ducking do is sing lies to make themselves feel better
It's a difference between good songs and good singing tho. DONT LIKE THE SONG AT ALL.
I thought this was a remake of korn-blind but instead it's poop
Grammy worthy 🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏆🏅🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆♥♥♥♥🏁🏁🏁🏁👸👸👸👸👸👍👍👍👍👌👌👌💘💘💘💘💗💗💗💕💕💕💜💜💜💜💜💜💛💛💛💛💛💛💝💝💝💝💞💞💞💞👢👑👑👑👑👑👑👢👠👠👠👠👠👠
Why she didn't release this as the Cover art instead of that Dark Angel issh? I thought this was BLUE Bird of Happiness not DARK Angel
I'm confused which single is next? Pick Me Up or Blind? Both single are phenomenal tho!
Who cares bitch?! 😪😪😪
this song sounds fimiliar to i'd rather go blind by ellie
Half an hour about Zoe's outfits! Yes please! xx
Waaah, you look amazing, Zoe!! I love the polka dot top and embroidered detail jean shorts look, in fact I love all of your choices! I have the same issue with gaping tops but my boobs don't look quite so good!! Great video lovely xx
OMG LOVE YOUUU
Such a missed opportunity to do an impression of Kim K I lost my diamond earring in the ocean Kim there's people that are dying 😫😂
Your hair scraped back looks stunning on you really suits you xx
My mum went to superdrug today and bought me the big snowella body mist.  After school when she picked me up she gave to me and i was soooo happy. I love ur videos and i have been watching you for about 3 years now❤❤❤❤
I LOVE YOUR HAIR ON TUESDAY THE ZARA HEADBAND LOOKS SO GOOD XOXO
Skincare routine please?!
Do not touch the read more !!!!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYou savage!!
Guys it's nearly Zoella vlog as time !!!!🎄🎄🎄🎄
Zoe I'm just scared of little fish that look weird. 😂😂😂 Best quote of the holiday. Pmsl
I feel like this wasn't just a diary of your holiday outfits but a diary of you getting more and more tan throughout the week! Looked very lovely and I loved all of your outfits! Glad you had fun :)
Those crazy colourful sandals are from a Greek brand!  Yeah
It's quite annoying how Zoe can literally pull anything off 😍😂
I really really really don't want to sound creepy but I wish I knew what brand Zoe's bras are just because I wish I had that kind of support! I mean the bras really make her bust look good, but that's a weird compliment to make. If somebody knows, help? Sorry for the weird comment
How do you get the perfect tan on holiday! I never tan :( ?
Only Zoe could make an outfit diary 31 minutes long 😂😂💓
I just returned from Greece and I hoped so much you will upload it before I leave 😭
Love you zoe and I am proud of you because  I didn't feel like you were stressed because  of the plane or the flight 🖒🖒🖒 and you shouldn't any way
Zoe is just so lovely, in every way!
Is she going to do vlogs
Love your style Zoe! Actually, love everything about you 😜❤️👍
I also really love all your outfits ❤️ Cute
that is perfect timing Zoe. oh how I missed your vlogs (even tho it wasnt that long lol) having a bit of stressful time atm so this is my relief, thank you x
I don't enjoy swimming in the sea either!!! And I'm going to the beach in a couple of days
the last outfit made me cry with laughter , i rate it hahahah x
I have the same metallic bag as zoe in the last outfit! Love it so useful and cute
Actually lost my breath a bit when Zoe showed the black and white long jumpsuit! Like she looked SO STUNNING! 😱
I'm in love with your first little dress and your sunglasses!
love love love how creative you are with your fashion!! love you lots zoe
How long does it take for you to pack
Where is your furrow hoodie from that you were wearing in Alfie's birthday vlog xxxx
WHERE MY GREEKS AT
I enjoyed this video so much more than I first thought😂❤️
Zoe u all ways wear sommat stylish it's amazing I 💖 when u show us where ur clothes r from then I know that Iam shopping at the right shop 💗
You look amazing in everything! But oh my that striped jumpsuit is something else😍😍
I enjoyed the whole vlog!💖 love you Zoe😻💙
I loved this! Please do this style of video talking through a week of your everyday outfits.
Those underwater clips were so cool!🐠
I got so excited when I got a notification from you! <3
I loved your outfit choices x
Where's my Pittsburgh people
Love u Zoe your blogs make me smile and they are so happy and inspiring pls reply love u 💖💖💖💖💖🙊🙊😘😘
Your skin's looking great!
i love you so so much , thank you
Your makeup is always goals😩💕👑😍
You and alfie are so cute
I'm the 728 th to coment
Please go check out my fan acc on Instagram @y.o.u.t.u.b.e.r_e.d.i.t.s
Ya pretty early love u Zoe u probably won't read this but anyway
I've been to Mykonos it's so nice❤
The pink fluffy sliders are from primark I have the same pair they are so comfy ❤️
yaaaaas girl! Love it, keep it up! <3
You could just cut off the sleeves of the red and white dot dress xx
It's been bloomin ages don't do that to me again
Hi Zoe!! For my 18th birthday, me and my family are going to London for 4 days and I would really like to know some of your favorite places in there that aren't very expensive or need reservation...\nThank you so much!! :)
Love you Zoe and your videos, keep inspireing people
I like the red jumpsuit with leather sandals. Cute
Still loving the orange nailpolish-game <3
Loved this! Love the casual chattyness of it x
Zoe please do a video on how you did your slick back hair! I love it! 🙏🏻
I loved seeing this. I would so love you to do more fashion related videos Zoe. 💕
peolpe from abroad have much more fun in greece than us ...they come in our country greece and they have soooooooo much fun i wish i could travel to another country like spain or norway....
Yaaa
Love all your outfits 😍😍
ooooooooooooo I just love the vlogs
Really like your style
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Her Pittsburgh sweatshirt!!! 😍😍😍
Ilysm 😍❤️❤️😍❤️❤️😍❤️
Mykonos..come fly with me...moses
Hellooo from Grecce💕💕
Love you Zoe❤️❤️
FALL LOOKBOOK PLEASE
LOVED IT ♥
lyyyyyyyy xxxxx
Love you loads xxxxxx
Zoe is sooooooo beautiful
where r u?
reppin the gentle monster sunglasses <3
Zoella you are amazing xxx❤️
Love thisss! 😍😍😍
Early......kind of
Yayyy loving the vlog and all the outfits!!!!!
Please do a autumn/winter haul!!!!
Loving the styles ❤️❤️
I miss Zoe's discopants
Zoe! Idk if you will see this but for the red dress, maybe you can tie the sleeves around you or around your neck it would work?? You're pretty creative :) just an idea :) hopefully that makes you like it more
Zoe those Nutella b-ready are in my local shop but I only found out today 😂❤️ Love this video as well ❤️❤️❤️
*I love your vlogs so much*
This takes me back to the 2012 Zoella 😂
zoeeeee ur gonna have tan lines on your face from ur sunglasses lol i rarely wear sunglasses on holiday because im self concious of that. love u sooooo much and am so disappointed i couldnt go to the sugg life and pb shop xxxxx <3
19:50 your hair and sunglasses remind me soooo much of Amber Davies from Love Island! Anyone else😂
The Nutella b ready see sold back in Wales in Asda ❤
Hope you had a great holiday ❤️
31 mins of Zoe? HELL YEAH! Omgosh I’ve been waitinggggg 😍
Love that pink playsuit 😍
❤❤
Zoe uploads = drop everything
What country did u go to
Très jolie make up 😍😘🍂
Tu es magnifique Marie ❤
J'adore tes routines😍😍
Tu est super mégas trop belle 😍❤️
J'adore 😆 tu es trop belle 👌\n#teamsushi 🍣🍤
J'attends la Night Routine 😍
Cc Marie tu est magnifique tu est magnifique youtubeuse préfèrer ❤
Tu pourras faire morning routine avec Florian stp sinon J' adore toutes tes vidéos #teamsushis❤❤😘🍣🍣
super vidéo 💙je t adore
enjoyphenix tu sors avec florian nguyen ?
Ce makeup te vas à ravir 😊
Magnifique
Trop belle
ton make up....une horreur
Video au top 🤗
merci marie
Super video!!!!
Je t adore  💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
J'adore j'adore j'adore ♡♡♡♡
Superbe 😍 j'adore le makeup !!
Je t ador
super video jadore #teamsushi
Vive l'automne🍁🍂
T'es tellement jolie au naturel 😍
Tu est vraiment magnifique
Heuresement que tu te maquille
Tes trop belle 💋💋💋💋💋❤❤❤❤❤
Magnifique !❤❤❤
You have sexy feet and toenails
meuf chaude snap rub0494
#teamsushis 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕pareil pour l’eau de bleuet ça réveil trop !!!!! J’adore les mornings routines que tu fais !!!!!!😍😍😍😍😍😍
Fermez la avec  vos commentaires sur son maquillage mon dieu. J'ai de l'acné, j'ai 20 ans, j'ai un déréglement hormonal. Je me maquille, et pas plus ni moins que Marie, j'ai fait ma routine DEVANT ma dermatologue pour qu'elle puisse me conseiller, et selon elle du moment que les produits sont bien non comédogènes et qu'on se démaquille le soir, aucun problème. \nVous n'êtes pas dermatologue, vous avez bien 10 ans d'études en moins.\nMerci. \n(ps : Marie, ton pull te va super mega bien, et je ne pensais pas que le fond de teint de Maybelline avait une si belle couvrance :o)
La video qui sert a rien
Bonjour, j’aime beaucoup la couleur de ton ràl mais je pense que tu t’es trompé sur la réf car le bombshell est un rose nude alors que dans la vidéo tu appliques un bordeaux. Peux tu vérifier la réf et me la donner stp ?? Merci :D
Le pull jaune te va à merveille, je trouve le majeur simple et tellement beau !
Tu t'es trompée Marie, pour le rouge a lèvre de chez huda beauty c'est pas le bombshell, c'est je crois (en reconnaissant la couleur) le trophy wife.  \nSinon bisous 😘 et continue ce que tu fais
J'adore ton pull (à part la petite tache 😂)
OMG J’ADORE L’AUTOMNE 😍😂 🍁feras -tu plus de vidéos sur ce thème ou pour Halloween ? et au passage feras-tu aussi des vlogmas et des vidéos sur Noël ? 😘
En gros c'est son maquillage et elle comprend pas : elle a de l'acné et elle se maquille et elle doit laisser respirer ses bouton ! Mais je l'aime bien quand même !
Hello Marie ❤ juste pour te demander c'était quoi la marque de tes bagues ??? Bisous #teamsushi ❤❤❤
Et sinon se laver ça pourrait être pas mal aussi... Pendant ton sommeil, le sébum et les cellules de peau morte s’accumulent et peuvent obstruer les pores. Nettoyer ton visage le matin enlève toutes les impuretés qui peuvent s’y être accumulées pendant la nuit.cela t’aidera à éliminer les boutons et les points noirs... en plus tu te maquilles et tu touches ton visage ce qui expose ta peau à encore plus de bactéries et de saletés...\nTu peux pas passer de ton lit à ta crème.. il manque l'étape de la toilette, l'hygiène corporelle est important, encore plus lorsqu'on est une fille...
Super vidéo  comme toujours tu es si belle 😍😍❤
Encore une super vidéo j aime beaucoup les morning routine et est ce que tu pourrais faire une revue sur les produit Fenty beauty j aimerais beaucoup avoir ton avis ❤️
Super vidéo je sais pas si tu le sais mais c'est très mauvais' de manger devant un écran parce que ton cerveau est distrait pas l'écran et il ne se rend pas compte qu'on mange et c'est pour ça qu'après on a encore envie de manger
Bonjour Marie, \nJe n'ai pas l'habitude de commenter et c'est la première fois que je commente tes vidéos. Alors sache déjà que je te suis depuis assez longtemps. J'ai vu ta vidéo sur le poids. Tu as commencé les vidéos pour t'aider dans une période de harcèlement scolaire et ça a bien marché. Mais là, tu sais que le problème n'est pas réellement les commentaires négatifs ? Si tu es capable de t'aimer, les commentaires passeront au dessus. Pour ma part, j'ai vécu le harcèlement scolaire et plein d'autres choses et je peux te dire que le travail a été long. \nJe te conseille vivement la lecture de Le pouvoir du moment présent de Eckart Tolle. \nVoilà, tu es une fille bien mais tu es la seule à pouvoir t'en convaincre ;) \nPrends soin de toi.
Le Jaune te va tellement bien ! Tu es magnifique !
Ton makeup te va à merveille je t'adore bisous 😘
Coucou Marie ! Ton pull et ton make up sont vraiment magnifiques ! \nAs tu déjà testé le savon d Alep pour ta peau ?\nJe l utilisé depuis mnt un mois, matin et soir sur ma peau. \nJe frotte le savon entre mes mains je me lave le visage et laisse un peu agir. Ensuite je rince et applique un gel d Aleo Verra. \nÇa a littéralement changé ma peau. Je me sens beaucoup mieux et du coup je mets moins de fond de teint 😊
C'est presque un tuto maquillage
Je te soutien totalement au niveau de l'acnée... courage ... j'ai environ 20 fois plus de bouton que toi du front jusqu'au genou... c'est horrible pas une seul journées passe sans que je ne saigne 1 fois ( minimum) ... a bientot biz
Ça y est je veux ce rouge à lèvres. La couleur est sublime et match parfaitement avec l'automne
Waouh magnifique makeup 😍 Par contre tu dis toujours instINgram ahhh ça me grince à l'oreille 😂
trop bien j'adore les morning routine tu as acheter ou ta housse de couette elle est trop belle 💋💋
Je t'ai trouver un peu éteinte dans cette vidéo, pas beaucoup de sourires comme on en a l'habitude, j'espère que tout va bien ma belle. Enjoy your life, des bisous.
D'où viennent tes bijoux? Je les trouve très beaux 😊
Mais comment tu fais pour avoir les cheveux aussi propre le matin ;-; même en me les lavant le soir je les aie sale le matin :c
Comme d'habitude une très belle vidéo ;)
Les 3 quarts de la vidéo sont réservé à ton maquillage 😕 Mais sinon dans l'ensemble c'est bien 😊
Le type de video Que j'adore ❤️
D'où vient ton pull jaune il est MA GNI FIQUE !? s'il te plaît reponds 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
OMG la housse de couette sushis ! 😀 Tu l'as trouvé où ?! *_*
Top👌🏻✨\nPar contre, je voulais t'informer que tu as dû faire une erreur dans la barre d'infos sur le nom de la teinte du rouge à lèvres liquide💄😘\nEt effectivement ce pull te va très bien ☺️
Je suis la seul a me réveillée midi et a ne j amais bluffé le matin et aller me prep a 15 h 00
Ah mais tu te laves pas les dents ? (😂)
Toujours aussi jolie !! Jelly et Nova en petit plus dans la vidéo j'adore gros bisous
La couleur de ton pull te va trooop bien 😍😍
Ça serait peut être impossible pour toi mais je veux bien que tu essai un truc ..... Ne rien mettre sur la visage pas de crème pas de fdt pas de masque 0 produit enfin juste un gel bio lavant et une crème bio hydratante durant 1mois et une alimentation saine et 2l deau par jour je pens que tu aura bc bc bc bcccc moin dacnee crois moi j'en ai fais l'expérience jai dépensé des 100ene d'euro durant des année ac des milliers de produits rien ne marche sur moi.... Quand jai décider de tt arreter ça ma fait du bien essaie le tu ne perd rien
Pour les filles qui veulent parler ajouter Snap : matmax_32  😏 🔥🔥
Il y a pas Mal de critique mais personnellement je te trouve très belle, et tu as un talent fou pour te maquiller. Et au passage ta nouvelle couleur de cheveux et coupe te vont à ravir. Bonne continuation Marie ! 😘
bonjour Marie j'aime beaucoup meva ou neva dit moi le bon dsl avec jelly ma voisine à la même race de chien que toi bey  j'espère que tu lâcheras un cœur à mon commentaire merci continue comme sa!!!
Omg j'avais tellement hâte que cette vidéo sorte 😱 je t'adore tu es merveilleuse ma belle ! ❤
Pour ton chat tu dois lui laisser les croquettes toujours a dispositon, sinon si elle mange que a certains moment elle aura plus faim et elle va donc manger plus et elle va grossir
J'adore vraiment ton maquillage ! Simple et radieux, tu dis que ton rouge à lèvre huda c'est la teinte bombshell sauf que j'ai cette teinte et ce n'est pas du tout la même couleur que sur ta vidéo ...
Hello !\nJ'aime beaucoup ce look et surtout le rouge à lèvre, il te va très bien ! En revanche j'ai voulu regarder la teinte dans la barre d'info et j'ai vu que tu as écris que c'est le Bombshell cependant je ne pense pas que ce soit la bonne teinte ou alors c'est l'effet de la caméra ? \nCe pull te va très bien aussi ! :)
Est ce que ta encore un hamster
Je serais toi, tu as le même style de peau que moi. Surtout ne te maquille pas trop, tes produits sont bourrés de trucs qui te niquent les pores, t'as beaucoup trop d'épaisseur, ça respire plus. Mets roseliane + rosex + prends de la doxycicline. Mon acne et ma couperose a disparu.
Ta peau s'est embellie Marie 😊 et cette coupe et cette couleur te va vraiment très bien !
Le RAL de huda c'est pas le bombeshell....
Beurk pour les flocons d'avoine le nutella il y a que ça de vrai 👍👍👍
cest quoi la marque de ton lisseur?
Super video je taime refait du slime s'il te plaît gros bisous et bravo pour tes abonnés ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Cc marie d'ou viennent tes bijoux stp merci ?
T'es morning routine s'est mes préférés est se que tu pourrai en faire plus silteplait sinon t'est parfaite continue comme sa bisous
J'adore ce maquillage et le pull te va à merveille !! 😘
Au dessus des lèvres Ca s'appel l'arc de cupidon --
Tu es de plus en plus belle sincèrement, on voit que tu te sens mieux et que tu es beaucoup plus sure de toi. J'admire aussi ton courage pour parler de sujets très durs qui te laisseront encore des marques c'est sur, mais un jour ça passe, sans savoir comment, on s'en libère de ces tcas. Continue comme ça, tu es une très belle personne.
salut, il faut ABSOLUMENTTT UNE routine cheveux stp…?😍
Tu peux nous faire la night routine automne
La femme n'est que triche, l'homme est beau naturellement. 😁
Qu'est ce que j'aime les routines 💜💜🦄🦄
Tout ce maquillage ! ,c'est joli mais ça fait trop chargé pauvre peau elle doit pas respirer
Je t aime ma bby tres belle video comme toujours 💕🙈 #teamsushi 🍣🍣🍣
Coucou Marie, je ne sais pas si tu verras ce message mais je l'espère du fond du coeur. \nJe te suis depuis pas mal de temps et pendant quelques mois j'avais arrêté de regarder tes vidéos car je ne me retrouvais plus dans le contenu. Sache que depuis quelques semaines je trouve tes vidéos de mieux en mieux, je te sens vraiment toi et vraie. J'aime beaucoup aussi les vidéos sur les sujets un peu sensibles. Tu devrais te pencher à faire plus de vidéos conseils/problèmes de vie/..., ça te ferait du bien et à toi et à nous. \nJ'espère que tu vas aller de mieux en mieux et je te fais pleins de bisous.\nEt sinon, je suis fan fan fan de tes cheveux 😍
Trop trop cool cette vidéo ! Et ce look te vas troooop bien <3
Superbe vidéo :) mais il est où ton furet ??
Attendez sur la 2:24 elle a pas dit Intagram au lieu de InStagram ? ou c’est moi qui a beuger 😂😂
J aime trop t es trop belle ma vie 💘
Y'en a qui ont du temps le matin...
Le maquillage va tellement bien Avec ton pull il me semble que cest chez bershka que tu la achete si j ai bon souvenir
3 tonnes de produit, 3 tonnes de make up, 3 tonnes de chaleur dans les cheveux, 3 tonnes de bijoux mais pourquoi ne pas rester un minimum naturelle????
I sung this song at the talent show❤
i wonder how many people searched up my little pony after this :)
I JUST NEED THE MOVIE DX \n\n\n\n\n\noh btw this is my favorite song
😍🎀 I love this song!
We did it! Us pony fans are famous! Good job guys! We've finally reached what we've been dreaming of! Woohoo!
LET ME HAVE HER PONY! Or at least, LET ME HAVE HER HAIR!
More maddie <3
ONE WORD \n\n\n\n\n\nLEGEND!
I love this song very much!
Sia . The mother of high tones ... What a legend!!
If I sang one of Sia's song \nI sound like her \nAnd Maddie has grown up
Following Sia from the beginning, it's been amazing to watch her evolve into such an amazing artist. She used to never show her face, but now she's comfortable being who she is, and she has totally become a force to be reckoned with. Her songs have become number one hits, and she is just a breath of fresh air in a time where music is taking a nose dive. I look forward to every single she releases, because she is truly a remarkable artist, and a great role model to girls and women out there trying to do the same thing.
Oh my god I love you sia
Sia always brightens up my day. This song is extra special because my little girl's name is  Rainbow ☺️💕
I love Sias's older videos where you can actually see her beautiful face as she sings. Maybe someday she will grace us with her beauty again
Wow... Maide has grown up❤\nShe becomes more beautiful❤❤😍
Who else is a brony here????
Even my mom liked the song
Im actually pretty curious what would Misty mane would look like in the MLP the movie animation style. I bet she's going to be beautiful. Heck the mane 6 already looks ADORABLE ❤️ 👀
I’m here before it’s going viral
Thank you Sia for your voice and continuing for making joy in your music,  I am so happy you are still with us. Please Sia Stay with us. Thank Maddie for your performance, honestly i hope to see you in the Silver screen one day.
Wait. There's a MLP movie?OMFG HOW 😂😂😂 Not to be rude or anything but I'm just curious how this happened to be
I can hear straighten your legs and point your feet in the back of my head XD\nI still like her dancing :3
Who else open & hear this song but quickly go to comment section to avoid spoiler.... XD
Your pony is my favorite pony it's really really cute😍
in love with this little lady Maddie Ziegler
This song make me wanna cry. Thanks u Sia.
Last 48 hrs i am listening this song crazily, non stop, she has such a unique voice, i loved ❤️
songbird senerade is most cooler than countress colutura! like if agree and ignore if don't...
I literally crying this song make me 😍😭❤
I thought its a little goat but it seems like a unicorn very adorable!
In this  video she looks like she has  finally  released herself from the Iluminati control. lol i'm joking of course!
Sia is such a good singer and Maddie Ziegler is such a good dancer😍
There was a bloop that pony singing she has wings the other viedeos of her doesn't have wings
I've been wait for this, since I heard the song from the toy.
Sia not evolution always The same Maddie like dancing autism
To this Maddie is 10 months younger than me and over 100 times more talented. What am I doing with my life.
I can see a rainbow 🌈
this song grows on me everytime i listen to it, lovely ❤
it's impossible to imagine her as a little pony tbh
I love how. Sia. It’s my. Afrad to. Show her real self
No...No it's okay. I didnt need to watch the movie anyway...
Awesome!!! I love this song and this cartoon❤💙💚💛💜💗
why do the pony in the beginning thats supposed to be sia look like X bruh
This is too cute. Even as an 18 year old I still love MLP💕
I'm not into Mlp, but, after watching this, i'll give the show a try
I love it song!!! 💖💖💖
I suspect that this might be an end credit song.
Guess what i just added to my music playlist? XD
i was like: u bitch dont make me a spoiler
Sia i can't survive one day with out your song
My new favorite song 😍😍😍
This is so cute and stunning! Love you sia and maddie!
Thanks for the Spoilers SIA ....  -.-
are the dancer is maddie ziegler ?? she's so amazing
I'm 12\n\nand I don't care what anyone says \n\n\nI'm flipin  exited for this movie
Sia's Voice, Maddie, My Little Pony, AND the Sound of Rain? This must be an awesome dream.
I love you maddie and sia
I think this has to be one of my favorite songs by Sia, and this dance... my god, so incredible.
I love it! Sia is a my little pony
I was sad and happy when twilight came back
Uroczee!❤ Polska welcome :D
Songbird Serenade!
😂😂😂my little pony omg\ngotta love Maddie and Sia♥♥
3:10 Derpy!!!! X3
Really like this
She still uses Maddie Ziegler
beautiful song :3
OMG I LOVE YOU 😂😂👍👍
I LOVE IT
sia is good!!!!!
😍😍😍😍😍 Is pretty
Kinda unexpected...
Fucc this is happening
I Love Sia
MADDIE TOO OMG I CANT HANDLE
MADDIE was amazing
Ameiii Loveddd
Sia ft.Melanie my glob
*IS THIS ENGLISH?*
I remember my childhood...
I ❤SIA MUSIC
maddie zigler was grow up😱
I lovvvveeee maddie 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
PERFECTION!!! ❤❤💛💛💚💚💙💙💜💜💖💖👌👌
wow
Cute!
Over excited right now
Me encanta ♥♥
Mlp and sia are my favs!😍
i love siaaa😍😚❤👑
Even the ponys have wigs
how cute!
whos here befor 4M
Wtf am I the only one here who thinks that this song should be the LGBTQ+ anthem???🌈🌈🌈❤💙💚💛💜💘
I love Sia, but really? My Little Pony? Not as HATE towards the franchise, but it's an odd combination.\nIt's a good song, it's just Sia's voice and music feels much more . . . not just adult? But, serious and dramatic.
You know what's funny? Never a Sia fan (country boy) nor an MLP fan (do love animation in general though) yet somehow I found myself repeating this song in my head at work all day, it's a good ray of positivity in this world
There's a my little pony movie?
Es maddie ziegler?
En todos lados encuentro ponys D:
Biscoff is dangerous. If you taste any of it you will have eaten the entire jar before you know it.
I’m gonna infuse chocolate chip cookies into the milk, add burnt butter and brown sugar to the custard, and make cookie dough ice cream!
I think that infuse the biscuits in the milk is a genius idea!!! Great Jemma :D
As someone who's never tried biscoff spread and who lives in a country where it cannot be found I would absolutely LOVE a biscoff recipe so that I can try it myself <3 Love your videos, Jemma!
Is that apron merch?!? Please can you release merch jemma!
Am I the only one who would freeze the left over biscuits and eat them?? Lol
Digestive biscuits 😍
Lotus speculoospasta, something typical from belguim😊! Love it. greetings from our small country belguim!
She speaks sometimes soooo fast so I think I am out of breath 😂
Α very good job!!!
MashAllah
Yummy
Yuuuum! I want some right now haha
Mmmmm delicious.. i want some :)
Yummy!
AAAH YES ICE CREAM
Cool idea
Surely that now just tastes of biscoff...
Hi Gemma i love your recipes
This looks so yummy!,
Hi jemma your very inspiring
Yum !!!!
1st
Bij die volgende was echt nirt goed echtvies
What do you do with the leftover biscuit mush?
yummy and tasty biscuit ice cream  i want to meet with you and try all your recipes
So sad and angry. Wrote a message here. And now i got all those girls who wanna show there body to me. First i'm a married woman and i'm not interested in some hot Girl or man 😩😖😤 Not funny
What ice cream maker brand and model did you use? :)
Hi Jemma, I have watched many of your videos and they are  amazing! One day i want to be like you and even better.I hope you get my message and answer it in your next video. 😍
Who knows why digestive biscuits smell so good when mixed with butter?
This is so inspiring ! \nMy friend linked me this cake site yesterday and i can highly recommend it guys, you get personal videos on recipes and how to prepare cakes for partys, weddings etc, and you get also a access to communication forum there you can ask the professional patissier for help, live! Iam so exited, give it a cake guys :D ! https://tinyurl.com/y7j2rm6s
This is so inspiring ! \nMy friend linked me this cake site yesterday and i can highly recommend it guys, you get personal videos on recipes and how to prepare cakes for partys, weddings etc, and you get also a access to communication forum there you can ask the professional patissier for help, live! Iam so exited, give it a cake guys :D ! https://tinyurl.com/y7j2rm6s
Oooh I'm gunna make this, but with bourbon creams...
Hi Jemma, could you teach us how to make digestive biscuits at home? I live outside the UK but I miss them so much, and so do allmy friends who have ever tasted them.
I don't mind using cream in my deserts but using milk is off putting. Would this work with soy milk?
Ooo good job, Jemma. You're #15 on trending in UK 🎉🎉🎉
Here's something I wanted to ask for quite some time but never got around to. What happens with the leftover stuff? Like for example the soaked biscuits from the milk or the biscoff in the piping bag. Similarly you often seem to end up with a lot of leftover cupcake batter or icing and I really don't like wasting ingredients. Maybe that's a dumb question but do you make additional quantities or something like that with what's leftover or do you just throw it out?
What if you don't have an ice cream Maker, what do u do pls
I pray for myself, one day I will meet u in person! Thank you for inspiring me, as always! Love from Indonesia, Jemma! 💙
How am I supposed to dip this in my tea?
Aww Jemma! I was hoping to hear, ‘it’s a really fine... a fine mesh you’ve got me into haha’. Any other long time subscribers here? They’ll understand the reference. Love that recipe and video.
Is there anything you can do with the biscuits other than throwing them out after infusing the milk?
Everything homemade is better, plus u know whats going into it.
You don't use the speculoos pasta... I am dissapointed, that is why I clicked on the video. I still want to try the recipe though
SO need to give this a try!!! 😍
What kind of ice cream machine is that one?? I want it!!!
Biscoff alone is out of this world, so tell me how can I resist this ice cream one? 😭😍
I love u Jemma and I wish I could come to your shop but I live in Manchester not London 😟 but I'll come one day for sure
Biscoff a good tasty Belgian product. I eat it every morning for breakfast with bread. I eat the biscoff crunch. So njammy.
Love you Jemma I look up to you with cooking you're amazing I just wanna meet you and eat all of your cakes!
Early!!!!\nThat looks good
Wow thanks for the ice cream inspirations!
Hey Jemma, I was wondering: If you wanted more of the biscuit milk to avoid diluting the flavor too much, could you maybe put the solids into a clean kitchen towel after the majority of the liquid has drained and squeeze more from it? Or do you think more solids may be pushed through the fibers of the towel or there probably wouldn't be enough liquid left to worry about?
Is it me or i'm learning so much vocabulary from here. Like Wacky, Ladleful, etc hahahaha
I think that infuse the biscuits in the milk is a genius idea!!! Great Jemma :D
Hey 🦄 this is Lilly \nLilly has no friends \n1 like= 1 friend \nLet's see how many friends Lilly can get
Ugh I love watching these videos 😛
If I come to UK I wish I could get the Jemma kitchen towel hanging at the back hahahaha
What is that ring?!?  =)
What's the substitute for double cream? Heavy whipping cream?
Recipes like this, makes me hate my dairy allergy. Because then I start rationalizing how much of this I could comfortably eat without needing to go to the hospital lol
i must be noticed to subscribe
U should have used a cheese cloth to get the rest of that milk out!!
Would it be a bad idea to add a little bit of vanilla extract or essence to this ice cream? Would it effect the way it hardened or the consistency or something else strange that I've not thought of?
Can we make. It without the ice-cream machine?
Is there a recipe for biscoff? I've never heard or seen it before😐😐.
But I don't have an Ice cream machine. What do I do
Ugh...$233 for that model on Amazon. I know you buy the best, but are there cheaper cuisinart ice cream makers that give you the same results?
This looks devine! I can't wait to try this, but we are having 92 degree weather and too hot for me to have soup! thanks so much for this awesome recipe.
Laura I would love for you to make chocolate dough like cinnamon rolls with maybe a peppermint filling for Christmas?
Just made it with leftover chicken fajita  I just added the liquid and salsa and beans. House smells good.
congrats on the weightloss, you look amazing!
It looks hardy and filling, thanks for sharing
Laura, you life-saver! I just had light surgery yesterday and I was looking for something quick and easy to make for my family for dinner. This looks incredible! I'll be making this tonight!
You're trending'
Laura I can't wait to try this soup 🍜 😋 so delicious mouthwatering
Laura I was unable to find this recipes ingredients by the episode number or by the name of the recipe on your site😢. Will it be there soon?
Hey Laura! Can you please show us how to make hokkaido cupcakes? pretty please😊 Thank you!
Você é muito simpática
Does anybody just watch these to gain an appetite?
Hi Laura, great job on being#30 trending video on YouTube.
Y U M. Colder weather here, we're making this.
I see why Americans are all obese 😂😂😂😂
In case anyone is looking for authentic Mexican food. It doesn't contain Cumin lmao
What size is that Dutch oven ? 6qt? Or bigger??
The soup looks realllllly good! I also want to know where the bowls are from! Love them!
Laura in my bed
I cannot find measurements of ingredients
Thank you for sharing!!!!!!!!!! I'm gonna try to do it this....
Recipe looks good but here is a better one from the Southwest..do everything she does except don't buy the jar stuff...use one can 10oz Rotel tomatoes with chilies. Also, make a roux first...then add chicken stock. Add Monterey jack, cheddar, a pint of 1/2 and 1/2. \n\nRecipe is from full moon Cafe in Oklahoma! Best chicken fajita soup ever..
What were the spices you used?\nSeems like that would be the most important part of the recipe.
Watching this delicious soup on first day of fall.
This looks delicious... where is the white bowl(s) from? I love this one!
Love that you gave the time and temp options for the slow cooker as well... makes it easy for meal prepping so I can cook one of your recipes on the stove while I have another in slow cooker :-)
Yum I will def be making this but with thigh, so much more flavour and not stringy
Perfect for this random gloomy LA weather thank you!!
can you please show us how to make dutch stroopwafels? :)
You should have shown us the chicken before you too it out.
I just saw you on Bobby Flay!!!!!! I was so excited lol
This looks delicious, but somehow I think the taste  is like chili because of the ingredients and the spices. Thanks, Laura I really enjoy your recipes, a friend from the USA recommend your channel and already 4 years I am a big fan and I bean learn English so I can write here, Is no perfect but anyway!!
Looked great until the black beans. Any subs?
I have most of these ingredients at home. Oh yea, making soup tomorrow
beautiful Laura...you have me drooling again...I can almost smell it..................pat
This seems perfect for fall, cold, and rainy weather. Thanks Laura
Please, do some more one pot and slow cooker recipe?
Girl...you had me at black beans. This is so gorgeous, can't wait to try :)
I am looking forward to this soup.
Why aren't you on the Food Network?
Laura. girl you made another amazing dish just made it for my self !! So good. \n\nI have a question can you make pesto lasagna I think it called Verdi lasagna. My friends made it for me in Italy and it was amazing!! But I look forward to getting your recipe.!  Kept it up. Have fun in Italy 🇮🇹
Thank you. I'm going to try this only use kidney beans instead I love your recipes.
Show us how big Mia has gotten!!
You can also make this with kidney beans
Hi Laura very nice 😊 need to try it...
Laura post the recipe !!! I just went and bought all the ingredients but what do I do now ? I know I'll mess it up 😂😂
Honestly Laura cracks me up I love this channel
im gonna make this in my instant pot on friday! :)
Where did she get the Dutch oven cuz I need one :)
Faith and foodies. Please watch and subscribe to my latest episode!!
Mmmmm can't wait to try this recipe when it cools down 😋 btw I love your insta stories ! Lol
Laura your channel feels like home
Wow. I am loving this camera. Never surprises how much of a difference it's making to the program.
Now i can't wait for winter...JUS FOR THIS SOUP 😋
How tp make that salsa at home bc its not available in our country in so much variety
YUM!    I make Chicken Fajita Soup my 6yr old loves it! The difference is I use chili beans instead of black beans and I add a can of corn and a can of petite dice tomatoes, going to try with the salsa next time I make it
Hey Laura, where can I get that red pot you have? I want to buy it :)
This looks amazing!! I'm definitely making this one!!!
Love this dish.And it's one of those recipes that you can get versatile with.
Making in my slow cooker for dinner tonight, house smells wonderful.
If you're impatient and don't have a lot of time get an Instant Pot. ;-)
Hi Laura, the soup looks great. I'll have to try it one day for my family. I was wondering when you was going to give us an update on Mini Laura it would be great to see how much she has grown since the time you introduced her to us. I am only subscribed to your YouTube channel. I don't do any other social media sites. Just asking. :-) BTW...can you do a chimmy chaunga recipe( However its spelled...lol)
Very good. I like it
Looks wonderful, thank you very much Laura for posting👍
Ran to the supermarket to get some salsa and now I'm already cooking! Looks delicious Laura! ❤
OMG i am going to try and make this over the weekend. Looks so good for these upcoming cold weather.
I thought she said 'on high for 46 hrs' 😂😂😂😂 looks soooooo good
I can't find the actual recipe😕 I bought everything to make it but don't know how much of what lol
Your videos have the best resolution I've ever seen.
This would be great with a rotisserie chicken.
Laura, can you make a lamb recipe please??
ummmm...looks great
Make Menudo next!!!
Add hominy for extra flavor, diversity, and servings!
Trending 62k views lmao what a joke
That looks really delicious😛 yum!
Yum
How did you thinly slice the chicken breasts?
Laura's👁👁are gorgeous❤️😍😍
Love your soup!! :)
Beautiful baby
Looks amazing
Omg. she lost so much weight 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
hello beautiful Laura🌹😘 I wanna taste your chicken fajita soup tonight..👍 Looks yummy😋
Mmmmm
Looks yummy. Can u do buffalo chicken frittata
Yummy
MAGICAL INGRIDIENT\n\nUNICORN POOP😂😂😂😂😂🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄
Looks great!!
That looks good!!
Super delicious😍
Gonna make it soon!
Fantastic.
Laura, can you show us a recipe for fried clam strips and Brunswick stew?
Laura, where can I find those bowls?  Those would be great to have this winter for soups and gumbo.
My fish died:( like I’m dead serious:(
Perfect for winter.. can’t wait to try .. but how can I substitute chicken to a veggie version..?
Or on high, for 46 hours.......okay.. If you say so... XD 3:23
Is she pregnant?
Looks soo good but sooo much sodium
Continued proof that he is the greatest songwriter in the world~\nRob/Boston
HE'S BAAAAAAAACK
I spent the day in bed very happy i did yes i spent the day in bed as the workers stay Enslayed im not my type but i love my bed and i reccomend that you stop watching the news because the news contrives to frighten you to make you small and alone to make you feel your mind isnt your own i spent the day in bed its a consulation when all my dreams are perfectley Legal in sheets which i paid i am now laid and i reccomend to all of my friends　that they stop watching the news because the news contrives to frighten you to make you feel small and alone to make you feel your mind isnt your own Time do i wish Time do i wish 　time do i wish time do i wish spent the day in bed you can please yourself but i love my bed pillows like pillars life ends in death so theirs nothing wrong being good to yourself be good to yourself for once no bus no boss no rain no train no bus no boss no rain no train no bus no boss no rain no train no Emasculation no castration no highway no freeway no motorway no bus no boss no rain no train
YEAH FUCK COFFEE SPEND THE DAY IN BED
What an evil, hook -filled piece of genius.
This will be a hit on KROQ.
President Trump would approve of this song.
The best thing YT could've ever recommended
Classic Morrissey : that voice : pure quality all the way . He is a glorious human being indeed !
Morrissey is getting better and better ! Gotta also love his anti government views
I dunno... but, I'm really fucking digging it. It's like reggae the Smiths.
His solo stuff peaked with Vauxhall and I. \nIts ok but just...ok
I wasn't expecting this single to sound like this 👍 It's pretty good
Great and a strong message.
I wish this man would stop making brilliant songs pisses me off love it 😍
I wish this was the new Belle and Sebastian.
Well this is what happens when you don't have Johnny Marr in your band...
This is bloody good! Mozza is back 😍😎👏
Never mind the bollocks, Mozza still knows how to write a song!
Be good to yourself for once!. Love it
I love this so much, Morrissey is a musical genius :)
I am so happy - I am crying ♥♥♥ Thanks Moz -  this is great
God save Morrissey! The queen can wait...
Fantastic song!!! Great and meaningful lyrics
I can't get enough of that melody
Not sure about this.
If the truth be told, the fact that lyrics such as these are falling from the same pen that wrote 'Cemetry Gates' is evidence of how far Morrissey has fallen regarding lyrics. This sounds as though somebody has given Moz a copy of the Communist Manifesto and asked him to re-write the 'Trews' theme tune for Russell Brand. Incredibly uninspiring...
It's growing on me. Vintage vinegar coming from an artist, dare I say it, still searching for his peak? Can't wait for the LP.
Everything Morrissey does is Godlike and when my band first started off Morrissey came to see us... Best day ever...\n\nJules - The Strokes
morrissey bro what are you doing
Like the electronic feel..... Very damn catchy....
Left wing Nazi liberals are gonna hate Morrissey telling them to stop watching their fake news.
The genius is back........
If U like Morrissey n This Song but Dont follow his Advice n Skive Work to Stay in Bed -- U r a Hypocritical Hermaphroditic Sodomist Sod awaiting the Sot in the Ground. Oooh Ohhhh.
Anyone else listening to this in their bed
Return to Italy Moz please please please ❤
I loved the turn of our world pop rock icon MORRISSEY. This new song refers to the good times of this extraordinary singer. The vocal quality remains intact. Congratulations to the best of the best !!!!!
yes yes yes yes best single in 20 years
this is acc good well done moz
What a Great song! And as always, the lyrics right on the nail! Still listen to the Smiths and Morrisey very regularly: music and lyrics remain relevant and special....
I'm a slave to my bed so yeah of course this is going to appeal to me. There appears to be a lot of divide on this tune but I'm afraid I'm going to be one of the likers
A great song and a wonderful public service announcement.
Song of the year
This sounds and reads like a(US) pop hit but likely won't be because of ageism etc..
I spend the day listen spend the day in bed because i been watching you Moz. I love you for evermore! <3 <3 <3 love this song <3 <3 <3
With who?. only joking. Very good song though. You can always relate to Morrissey and thats why i like him, my bus is always late and they don't care, and most 'bosses' are cunts anyway, fuck them. Its also important to celebrate the good things in life though and be grateful your not living in a third world country. Cheers Morrissey.
Love it  long live the king
i spent the day on the chaise longue
Is Morrissey dare I say, dare I even suggest, /ourguy/?
so very good
Love my cover daz
Yikes
As Perfect as MORRISSEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Loving Morrissey for a quarter century...but confused at an archive interview, Jools Holland Later...c.1995; where Morrissey says Boxing is very violent..but I like it..  Like The Smiths sing, Fame,fame , fatal fame..it can play hideous tricks on the brain..I hope he has recovered...
Another job well done, Morrissey. Lovely song!
Millenials anthem
586 views are mine!
I love him so much. What a masterpiece. I'm itching to hear the rest of the album.
Radiohead released 3 videos and Morrissey released a song. GODS.
Very bad
That kid with the axe is clearly a Juggalo.
Great as always. Brother, Father, Friend Mozz....
The mad man, he finally did it!\nAfter years of talking and singing about staying in bed,\nhe finally made a song with that as the title.
This so speaks to me...I spend plenty of days in bed, i really do. This song makes me feel a little better about it.
I wear pyjamas on the outside 'cause pyjamas is how I feel on the inside.
Like the opening with the keys...
Oh I love it.
Rather genius. Haven't heard anything like this in a long while. Clear voice, interesting sound, great structure and superior lyrics.  I'm sure this won't be a hit because the masses can't handle such clever art.
But what if I stay in bed and eat chicken wings?
Dont know why but it reminds me of the grange hill theme
this is pure shite. to say this is well written is an insult to all other song writers
No bus, no patrón, no rain, no train
Всем привет из Москвы, прекрасная песня.
THANK YOU MORRISSEY♥️
FANTÁSTICA!
Childhood Modric is here
この狂おしさ、美しさ、モリッシー節全開！やっぱり目が離せない存在ですね。ますます遠のきそうな、、、ザ・スミス、、。
Good song!
Moz is woke
Moz, cosa ti dico? GENIUS!! 😍💙😍💙
Viva la cheap virgin comments below!
Morrissey é Foda ......
Yep💪🏾
I love this.
Morrissey is simply poetry.....
Ohh, so good!
love it !!!
deus eh top
No busNo Brexit Upholding No Bailouts to BankersNo Ed Balls
Hang the bus driver, hang the train driver, hang the weatherman
Great song!
...je öfter ich das höre...
Morrissey goes chaos magick. =P
anybody else getting kaiser chiefs vibes?
Esta canción la estaba escuchando cuando comenzó a temblar en la Ciudad de México este 19 de septiembre. Está bien vergas esta rola, Moz  <3!
Cuanta verdad en una sola canción.
I'm just wondering when last time Morrissey was on the bus and last time he saw rain. He lives in LA doesn't he? But overall, song is quite good.
Diehard fan but:\n- the genius he sees in Sam Esty Rayner for the more recent art and photography seems entirely misplaced. \n- Bus/boss/rain/train/emasculation/castration seems (purposely) a bit lazy, and leads the song to nowhere. \n- the message 'skip work ignore the news' is all very well I guess but not particularly inspired.
Many oasis fans in the comments I love this❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
work is depressing as fuck. I usually end up with a boss who bullies me. It's usually an overweight  and/or ugly female.
Do you even Gay bhoi?
WAS NOT EXPECTING THIS\nTHIS IS AMAZING
But why is it when the plot twist occurs the main character starts talking like a gay stereotype? And starts gesturing flamboyantly to show how communicating with crazy hand movements is intrinsically gay? Everything else was good, but the gay character  representation at the end is kind of offensive. I thought we moved past the effeminate gay tropes.
this channel is so clever how does he not have more subs?
Im going to start needing to emotionally prepare myself before watching Chris videos XD
Calling it now. Chris Reinacher is the Millenial answer to David Lynch.
That was so fucking good!  What?!?!?!!!
For some strange reason the straight one looks gay and the gay one straight to me.\n\n\n\nEdit : OMG i didn't even see the end!! I'm shooocked
NO.. \nNOOOO \nthis is too much\nthis ruined my evening \ngoddammit..
Omg this was absolutely amazing. If I wasn't a fan before, I'm definitely one now!
This was really smart
This is like a gay version of fight club
holy SHIT I LOVED THIS
Im so fucking confused. Can someone please explain the jist of this to me?
So I did see that coming, but you came at it from a different angle than I expected - well played and excellently produced as usual :)
THIS MADE NO SENSE IT CONFUSES MY MIND AAA\n\nEdit: Wow watching it a second time really changes things.
If your girlfriend has a gay friend, then dump her ass cause she's blowing someone else
Oh, and you're a ghost. 😂
normalizing the type of shit murder suicides happen over!
I'd like to eat your girlfriend's pussy out.
87k views is not trending. How much did you pay YouTube
Doesnt she say have a good gayte at the beginning ? I thought it all at the beginning
Oh! and you are a ghost... That makes sense!
I had to pause the video after she said he was the gay friend cause it was too painful for me to process that. 😭😂
Nobody can come between me and my fag hag.
https://www.openbible.info/topics/homosexuality\n\n\nhttps://www.openbible.info/topics/fornication\n\n\nActs 2:3838 Peter said to them, “Repent, and each of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins; and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. \n\n\nRomans 8:5-65 For those who are according to the flesh set their minds on the things of the flesh, but those who are according to the Spirit, the things of the Spirit. 6 For the mind set on the flesh is death, but the mind set on the Spirit is life and peace\n\nRomans 10:8-178 But what does it say? “The word is near you, in your mouth and in your heart”—that is, the word of faith which we are preaching, 9 [a]that if you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved; 10 for with the heart a person believes, [b]resulting in righteousness, and with the mouth he confesses, [c]resulting in salvation. 11 For the Scripture says, “Whoever believes in Him will not be [d]disappointed.” 12 For there is no distinction between Jew and Greek; for the same Lord is Lord of all, abounding in riches for all who call on Him; 13 for “Whoever will call on the name of the Lord will be saved.”14 How then will they call on Him in whom they have not believed? How will they believe in Him whom they have not heard? And how will they hear without a preacher? 15 How will they preach unless they are sent? Just as it is written, “How beautiful are the feet of those who [e]bring good news of good things!”16 However, they did not all heed the [f]good news; for Isaiah says, “Lord, who has believed our report?” 17 So faith comes from hearing, and hearing by the word [g]of Christ.
my goodness! how do you even come up with this stuff! <3 fav
so glad you broke off and did your own thing, this content is AMAZING, I love the creativity <3 keep it coming
WHAT IS THIS
Amazing\nAs always
Fantastic! This was cool and creative. More of this on youtube!
EASILY my favorite video this WEEK!\nLMAO
Dude, make a movie.  Please,  for all of us
Hey Chris, just wondering if you'd ever think to release a behind the scenes video for this? I love the editing and vfx as I am currently a first year Screen Prod student; always looking to pick up some inspo wherever I can!! Cheers
He's the gay friend and a ghost coming this fall to fox
I love it but when she said that mike was her boyfriend and Chris is her gay friend it was so unexpected!!
This is actually good😂😂
I'll just pretend that I didn't see this. \n\nYou can actually visit: www.thenobleblog.com\n\nIt has some great news about the latest gadgets
WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST WATCH! 😂😂😂😂😂
Wait, is this what gay friends are supposed to be like? Because almost all of my best friends are girls and I don't act like this at all.
I just came across this randomly and this is so weird LOL
We are in late-era Rome. Degeneracy everywhere. Foreign invaders everywhere. In debt up to our ears.
PRANK IDEA!! 💡 so everyone is talking about the world ending this Saturday and the rapture and stuff, it's everywhere! Go to a public place and leave some changes of clothes on the floor to make it look like they got raptures , the look on people's faces!!!!!
Why do shit videos always trend in the YouTube page of America 😒
Why isn't nobody talking about buster's Mal heart !!!!
Gay is a front to take your ASS, GET SMART !!!
that was the fastest 7 minutes of my life
no homo but i'm watching this
what the fuck did i just watch
I love this shit
this akes me so uncomfortable that he is actuallly the gay friend
Omg I’m so confused i love this
Mind-fuck!!! this is some next level shit!!!!
I had to restart and I love that, totally needed to be more attentive from the start. Had some great social commentary but then completely lost it at the end :(
Possibly the smallest ratio of likes to dislikes I've ever seen
I legitimately didn't see that coming.
seek help for your mental illness
This is one of the craziest videos I've seen on YouTube
after watching this I gotta wonder... am I the gay friend???
This is messed up man. How am I suppose to go to bed now?
Quality over quantity is what Chris always values. 👍
*THIS IS ON SOME MR. ROBOT TYPE SHIT. I LOVE IT!!!*
That plot twist thooooo
damn that fucked me up 😂
This is amazing!!!💗
holy shit tho
Wait, what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBBLaRqgyIs :)
THANK GOD HE LEFT BUZZFEED
Shrimp Farming Guide http://bit.ly/2wHVe3h
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 LOVE!!!!!
This is disturbing
Love it!
Omgawd
Fucking brilliant.
Dat plot twist tho!!! Had me gagged!
Omg that was soooooo good
Love it!! Great twist
great vidgreat vid
Content worth waiting for.
Hahahah.... great
GODDAMN
That was awesome!!!
wow. slow clap sir...slow clap!\n\n:D\n\nmind f*ckd for 7 mins. Cool cool cool!
SHHHSHSHHSHHHH SHUT UP MIKE
What is this omg
omg plot twist after plot twist
wut.
Wtf lol😂
I AM CONFUSION
My mind is... fucked
so good
That plot twist tho............
what the hecky Becky
cuckold numale
Okay this is cancelled
Wtf is this on trending
this reminds me of Busters Mal Heart
Mulholland Drive 2017
Alot of gays on trending these days.
YOU'RE MY NUMBER ONE GIRL CRUSH TOO! Xx
Awww you are so sweet xx  Loved meeting you both and real talking about home births and YouTube stories :)
Lily... YOU HAVE TO STOP with the whole '...I'm not as cool them'... because you are! You are so cool and unique and so beautiful! :)
New York is my dream!!! You are so lucky!!! But Lily please don't cut pasta!!! ahahaha xoxo from Italy
3 day trip to NY, cashmere sweaters, books, cookery classes and other expensive gifts just for a lipstick. A lipstick.  Isn't it all a bit vulgar? I understand your job is going on these trips to promote a product but it makes me think less of Bobbi Brown as a company and I wouldn't purchase their products.  \nMaybe I should direct this at Bobbi Brown and not you but incase they are reading....
OMG loved this vlog!! (You didn't seriously cut your pasta with a fork and knife?! Italian viewer here 🙋🏽lol). Apart from that, it was lovely!
Oh coooool! I totally understand that you loved @madametamtam. She is definitely one of my favorite German YouTubers. Such a stunning lady!
it seems so cool to be a blogger!!
I just love your videos. The dresses you and Anna wore were just beautiful. What a wonderful trip with Bobbi Brown.
You ladies are my no.1 crush! 💄💋
Hi lily ! Btw .. The gurl ur talking about in happilyevaafter blog is Susan sarandon's daughter 🤓 \nLove blogs !!
Totally in love with this vlog, :)Xx
Not sure if u know but Eva is Susan Sarandon's daughter 😲...... I know she looked familiar😄
LOVED THIS VLOG SO MUCH!! Xx
holy fuck jenna lyons\ntell me she was the best ever
Nice video i like its creation\nplease subscribe my channel\nhttps://youtu.be/qk-ekQuK2Gk
I've been following Geneva for YEARS! I first followed her (almost 7 years ago!?) bc it was so hard to find a HK-based blogger. I'm from HK and living in Sydney now so every time I see her Instagram/blog posts it makes me feel a bit closer to home x
Hi Lily! I'm more mature than most of your followers so I picked up on your use of homely. when you said ...homely and lovely... to describe the Crosby Street Hotel. Here in the U.S. homely means unattractive. The British definition is cozy and comfortable, like being at one's home. Isn't that wild?!
Watch  my first  vides
I don't usually comment on videos (or watch ads) but this was beautifully executed and you seem so happy. Such a pleasure to watch ♥️
Bobbi Brown tests on animals...so not really interesting for me :/
Loved the vlog! X
NICE!!
Oh my goodness. Jenna Lyons!!! She revitalized J Crew. I wish she was still with them.
Had my daughter's bat mitzvah at that hotel. It's a wonderful, little gem here!
ah Lily!! you always make me smile!!!
Your hair looks STUNNING in this video! Xx
Of course Anna is your girl crush, and the two of you are my girl crushes!
I've been looking forward to this vlog! Times have been hard lately for me but watching you, and Anna, and your honest and real friendship/adventures gives me so much joy. I want you to know that ❤️✌🏼
2:50  Wow, that index finger!... It's soo long!  ˆ◡ˆ
Lily - Oreos was making pop-rock oreos! You would love them if you love popping candy!
Soirée means Evening in French but we also use it to say 'evening party' like 'I'm going to a soirée tonight'
You can really tell when you do ads with brands that you work together to make it very much like your own content.. Really love it! 😊
Soooooooo nice! One more week and than I'm off to the big apple! 😚
I love those vlogs Lily x Anna & you are the ultimate babes <3
Loved,loved this vlog Lily. lovely to see someone so humble and say how lucky they are. Going to re-watch this again for all the good vibes it gives. Well done x.
That outfit is gorgeous 😍❤️
Great city
Cheers Lily!  Your day in Brooklyn is my next date day with my hubbie!  You need to grab the new East River NYCferry next time you are here.  $2.75 a trip and great way to see the city.
Loooooove this vlog Lily! can't wait to check the lipsticks out!
Love the music in this one, Lily! xx
I was in Dumbo just last week by the bridge and carousel and it truly was gorgeous...and peaceful! What a dream trip and the candy floss matches your Alice + Olivia dress 💕
What a seriously enjoyable vlog to watch, such a great mix of clips and the 'AD' part was well integrated and natural. Anyone that has followed you for a while known your love for Bobbi Brown and that makes it even more genuine. Adore the Alice and Olivia dress!! x
I loved this vlog so much! NYC is my favourite, and it was so nice seeing women supporting women 🤗 looked like a super fun trip!
Well, I was girl crushing on both you and Anna the entire vlog! X
Yes Lily, it's Ganni like you said it, at least that's how we pronounce it here in Denmark. It's a Danish family-owned brand ;-)
Love watching yours and Anna's trips together! I think my fantasy New York to-do list is just yours and Anna's recs!
This is such a lovely video and inspiring in a way. The theme behind the brand is amazing and the fact that it leans towards empowering women and encouraging us to find other women to admire is a beautiful thing. I hope to hear more about the lipsticks, maybe you can do an updated video for fall lipsticks or moisturising lipsticks since going towards winter our lips get more drying, at least mine do. It becomes almost impossible for me to wear matte lipsticks, it looks like my lips are falling apart and I tried so many chapsticks, now I settled for Burt's Bees, the vanilla flavoured one and it's pretty good if anybody has dry lips.
Jane's carousel! I'm sure it's the oldest in the world or something similar! I got a tattoo of it to remind me of my fave city.
This is such a great vlog Lily, the ad content is tastefully done and I loved that dress on you!
The editing on this was so goooood! And the music choices too! 💕
So cool Jenna Lyons was there! I love Cat Bird, just got my wedding band from them ❤
Just a heads up about your dress! I have the same A+O dress and the fabric is gorgeous but so delicate. I unfortunately had to exchange my first dress because it started to shred around the arm hole/fray. It's beautiful  but I don't want you to have the same issue I did!
i loveeeeeee geneva, she's so talented and she lives in hong kongggg!
Wait? Did you really just cut a noodle? Anyone else do that?
I really really enjoyed watching this vlog and the music you chose. Well done!
You and Anna are my girl crush!!!  💕💕.  I just love your  vlogs you look so beautiful! 💖
What shoes did you wear with Alice and Olivia dress?
Jenna Lyons is def one of my girl crushes.
i really love the new way of editing the videos ❤️❤️ xx Keep it up loved it xx
AWW i love your looks here also, shipping the lily-anna friendship ALWAYS <3
You, Anna, and Eva are my 3 favorite bloggers/youtubers! So glad to see you combined :)
You and Anna have the cutest friendship, I need a friend like that lol
Brooklyn Bridge is the brown one, the blue metal one is the Manhattan Bridge. x
Lovely vlog Lily! :-)\nImmediately knew I had seen that Carousel before in Glee - Lols :-D Here is the clip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hb9DGhpxnN0
Definitely want to check out Lilia! Looks so good!
I'm not a lipstick girl but these sound amazing. I'd actually try them.
 You are one of my favorite bloggers and as an amateur musical theatre actress NYC is one of  my favorite cities. Thanks for sharing your time here with sweet Anna
what is the name of the first song? x
You and anna have such a beautiful friendship ❤️❤️❤️❤️ love you both!!!
You two are my girl crush! Love both of you! xox
I love Anna's hair up like that
Lovely lip colours, but really loving the sparkly candy floss...so hungry right now....Sugarrrrrrr!
love the women uplifting each other, girls supporting girls!!
The quality of your vlogs just keeps getting better, Lily!
Your hair looks amazing ❤️
Awesome VLog Lily...love it!!!
Beautiful vlog :D
Awesome topic for a trip!
Loved this video!
You are amazing lily ❤️❤️❤️
I spy Jenna Lyons! 😍
Where are the lipstick lids😮😮😮
Ahahahaha pasta baby. Bloody love Anna 😂😂
Lily sitting down on the floor at the start of this vlog reminds me of her old videos 😊
Lily, love the way you do Ad's! I dont even habe the feeling you are doing any Ad's bäm in your face 😊😘
Geneva, from A Pair and A Spare was one of the first fashion blogs I read. Her DIYs are awesome and she has great style.
Oh that dress is worth the splurge <3 Loved this vlog !!
Hi Lily! Love the video! It was really wonderful to meet you on that lovely De Maria evening. I was wondering if you could give me credit for the illustrations. My handle is @pauline_de_roussy_de_sales \nThank you!\nBe Well\nxo\nPauline
So the Brooklyn bridge is the brown one that you briefly shot on the left. The one you are in front of for most of the time is the Manhattan bridge.
That cookbook looks lush. Really loved this vlog, Lily. I love how your channel is really evolving and changing right now. X
Such a beautiful vlog! I'm really loving your content lately lily 💓
Loved this, Lily! PS All the illustrations got me wondering if you've kept up with your calligraphy...
So wonderful seeing you so happy!! Love when you & Anna are together! Great video!
The straight person's concept of girlcrush is confusing to me, as someone who legitimately has crushes on girls lmao
Awwww I just love your vlogs lily ❤️😘
You are the awesomest! so I really really really hope you don't mind me mentioning this, it's just a New Yorker thing: the Brooklyn Bridge WAS in one of your shots - and it was for sure super-close - but as I think you probably know, that thing you pointed the camera at when you said you were at the Brooklyn Bridge...wasn't. I mean - you could see it, I'm sure, but we just saw a totally different bridge. (The one the neighborhood is named after.) But anyways...sorry! carry on! fab vlog as always :) I'm always psyched when you guys visit...
I don't think homely means what you think it means lol
OMGGGG I've been waiting for this video all day!! Haha I love watching your vlogs 😉
I love this dress on you, please continue to wear it haha! And this trip looked so much fun, especially the meeting Jenna Lyons part
This one's a ghost story AND a bad date story in one!\nHEY GUYS I'M CURRENTLY ON BOOK TOUR & IT'S ALMOST SOLD OUT COMPLETELY so if you wanna come, make sure to grab a ticket ASAP! A couple stops you have to get a wristband day of, so check the site for deets!! IN OTHER NEWS, the first week of sales is CRAZY IMPORTANT for the NY Times Bestseller list, and you guys know that's my ddreeeaaammmm, so if any books sold by saturday counts towards it <33 ILY SO MUCH, TY FOR SUPPORTING ALL MY WILDEST DREAMS!! See ya tonight, Dallas! See ya tomorrow, Tampa!
After hearing this I swear to every god OUT LOUD is about her dead grandmother
the soundtrack is distracting
Ino it's hard to get a job and may be difficult but I'm 14 and I have a full paying job that I could live off the wage I get.
Hey gabbie guess who els is single 😈 a fifteen year old kid from Canada who thinks your pretty cute heh he,  I know I'm suave af.
You should do a YouTube video recreating musicallys of your song !! ❤️❤️😍
I LOVE STORY TIME👍❤️
Who else is UPSEST with Adultolscenes and out loud
am I the only one who is getting irritated by that very small white lint on her boob ???
I stared at her boobs the whole time.
Gab I'm loving your look and your hair <3 xoxox
She looks so fit ! Great Job !😆😆💪💪
this has happened to me when I was five except I was wide awake I could move but this nightmare kept playing in my mind I knew I was wide awake because I remember that I was able to open my eyes but when I  did the nightmare kept playing  I remember being horrified my natural reaction was to walk to the bathroom and wash my face when I washed my face the nightmare stopped and I could see were I was I was in the bathroom the tap was running my face was wet so I knew that what I though was a dream of me not being able to escape  this nightmare was somehow real I was freaked and for 3 months I didn't like to sleep this was the scariest thing that has ever happened to me but I still remember it like it was yesterday but it was 6 years ago.
Gabbie is just sad and mad about her weight. And I'm here just wondering...how can Gabbie be so perfecr
omg gabbie you look so in shape i’m so proud of you!!!
oh my gosh this actually made me tear up.. so like weird and creepy but. yeah. girl you def. need to have higher standards when it comes to men! you're worth more than dating a deadbeat! imagine how shitty a father that guy would have been. but yeah. you look SO CUTE babygirl! I haven't watched your vlogs since like.. at least 6mo. and you just look so thin and beautiful.. I love your hair and style and yeah! good for you on looking so beautiful. what an interesting story.. I have lucid dreamed as well. this is so interesting.
Dam ricegum was right your voice is Hella Annoying
Once I had a nightmare and I woke up and i didnt know What was happening bc i could still see my nightmare playing
SHE LOST HER GREAT GRANDMOTHER NOT THAT LONG AGO? dang i lost mine before i was born (on my moms side)and my other one in 2015 (at age 98)
you need to read a souls journey by peter richelieu
But he's just a ghost. Now
I don't think that is your great great grandma I think some bad spirit is messing with you. Who else thinks that??
I feel like I have heard this before..
Gabs you better not be lying cuz I'm so scared right now
There is a piece of lint on her shirt, directly on her boob, and it is driving me insane. I HATE OCD TENDENCIES
even tho she said it's not someone we know, i feel like it's about andrew
Gabbie! You look so beautiful! You always do but you really do in this vid ! 😍
Has anyone else had a dream when you try your best to screen or shout, except you can't. ..like something is blocking you from making noise. ...I had that happen to me one time and I could feel myself trying to scream. ..weird
out loud in the background makes it much more peaceful
Gabbie!!! For some reason you look SUPER GOOD in this video. Not that you dont look good in you other vids but, wow. 😍😍😍😘
Once when I wasn't home I had a dream about my cat dying, turns out that when I got home my mom told me that she had died the night before,
I lucid dream aswell....lets just say I havnt had a good nights sleep in years I try to get 9 hours a day you have to but sometimes  the dream is so intense you wake up feeling exhausted like your soul just ran a marathon
I'm fucking high sa fuck right now but maybe ur grandma is trapped in an alternate universe and she's being tortured bc like I heard after we fucking eat it, our soul goes to the next dimension where our soul is like recycled but like u out living on another timeline.
DID ANYONE HEAR OUT LOUD IN THE BACKGROUND GET GABBIE YAS
I do the same shit it's freaky it's almost like insidious....
this is why i subscribed thank you ❤️❤️
It was the devil they actually do form into ppl that passed away to trick ppl I think you should talk to God about it pray :)
This is some stranger things crap😂
I have a feeling that she dressed up for this video and then after the video she put on a baggy shirt
She is very hyper in the beginning. Girl you had a lot of coffee 😂
I thought she was Shane Dawson in the thumbnail
I think the guy you where dating I was even going to ruin your life financially you didn't really love him in the end and you were going to marry him anyway and have a bad life maybe that's what your grandmother was trying to give a message about but in reality I don't really know if that was your grandmother or not I don't think your grandmother would want to scare you that much
I can see your bra through your shirt like if you can too
Oh god! That's crazy!
Why a man I watching this at 3:00 AM
Wow you've inspired me to do the messy bun/ choker combo tomorrow
WOAH GABBIE YOUVE LOST SO MUCH WEIGHT YOU LOOK AMAZING IM SO PROUD OF YOU!!! ❤️🖤
Dump that guy is the moral of the story
You look like Peyton off of Netflix #izomie
Your hair looks great in this video!
I want a million more videos like this lol
Love you Gabbie, please check out my friends and I.\n\nWe met you the other day in KY!!\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1aYUWKbyUE
CAN SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL ME WHERE TO GET TICKETS
BRING BACK THE OLD STORY TIME MUSIC EVEN THO UR NEW MUSIC IS SUPER CHILL I JUST MISS IT OK I LOVE U OK BYYYYYYEEEE
gabbie i bought your book, i’m trying to convince my mom to put in the apple id password so i can buy your song 😂, and i’m so proud of who you have become. go far girl.
You so called broke but 3 days after you posted you end up with 1,135,097 veiws at this time that's YouTube mula
you will not find this person gabbie, we will. we will
I wish I was as pretty as her 😫
Gabby since October is in 7 days can u do Ghost Stories until the 30th (in October)
OMG thank god my YouTube decided to work today :D
I absolutly love you and your videos!!!
I am watching the creepiest uber drive and Pennsylvania does not suck. I live in PA and I am a fan. :(
I love her song in the background 😩
Has Gabbie talked about this before ?? Because i'm literally having some Déjà vu.... I swear i've heard/watched the video before! 😱
Is the background music Mumford and sons?
Havent she said this story all ready?!?!
Out loud in the background UGHH yessss
I love getting visited in my dreams. It's always a freaky level of surreal.
First I didn't belive you but that type of thing has happened to me
I came here from musically@katherinek9
I really relate to Gabbie a lot. With the dreams, and anxiety and everything she talks about. Without going into detail I just want to say that you, Gabbie, have helped me a lot with just everything, and I know you don't know what most of us here watching your videos have going on in our lives but you put smiles on people faces and you are so amazing! I love you Gabbie!😘❤️💕 Thank you!
now I'm too afrade too sleep. thanks
Gab if I was a dude I would totally date you 🖤🙌🏻 ur queen I love youuuuuuu
You look so adorable in this video! I'm so happy to here out load in the background!❤❤❤
Gabbie your outfit is goals
...wtf
YOU ROCK MESSY BUNS!!
Shabbie, Labbie, Gandrew TAKE YOUR VOTES!! \nShane+Gabbie\nLiza+Gabbie\nAndrew+Gabbie
Your Song Is Beautiful LUV U GABBIE ❤😭❤😍❤
OMFG I can see your bra Gabbie
6:42 blood orange um Gabbie blood is red
Hair tutorial please!! <3
Gabbie!!!!\n\nYour BACK!!!
3:06 yaaassss get that promo
GABBIE!!!!! YOU LOOK SOOOOO PRETTY!!!!!!
FINALLY MORE I MISSED UR STORYTIMES
Attractive as ever ive seen.
Your shirts see through Gabbie
what. the. fuck.
this blew my mind
Dude. WHY THR BACKGROUND MUSIC???!!! I cant watch... sry gabs
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/out-loud-single/id1275959030 Buy out loud now! lol
YOU'RE ALMOST AT 5 MIL!!! OMG!!!
Omg gabbie ur so pretty I can't
Slayyyinggg the bun 😊
MOREE STORYTIMESSSS PLEASEE
them goosebumps are real
hey gabby  i fallow you on musicly
ummmm hair tutorial pls ?????
Holy shit.....
you inspire me so much, don't ever let anyone dull your sparkle because you illuminate the world in words no one can explain 💛
Could you please do a video about faith/ bible study? 💘💘💘
Thank you for the review on the Garnier water......bought it the day after this video and wow it's amazing and also my skin has cleared up.
Please do a video abt what hair products you use for your wavy hair!!!!!!!!!!!
Please do a lash extensions video! Like the care, thickness of lashes, etc
Love you Jess! we are new in Youtube please suscribe to my channel ✨
Jess deserves everything. I love her with my whole heart ❤️
Try rose 🌹 water 💦 if your skin is sensitive. It's hydrating and moisturising.
You are sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo gorgeous with or without makeup
U don’t need makeup
i really wanna see a hair style video!!!!
I'm a teen mom and just started my channel if anyone wants to come support super nervous to get judged 🙃😂💕
your always so beautiful! I cant remember where but i think you said something about missing your long hair ( i love your hair bother short and long ) I've been browsing Pinterest for all natural hair growth tips.. you thing you could do a video on one of those in a few months? ~Kaylie
Went out today and got Micellar water 😂
I thought you used the vanity planet brush?? I bought it because you said you loved it on your Instagram story..
Jess is soo kind and gorgeous. It's really rare and hard to find someone who hasn't just a pretty face but also a pretty character and soul. Lots of love ❤🦋
The thing in the back says our house runs on coffee, target & Amazon prime that is so Jess and Gabe
A morning or night routine with gabe plz 💕
How often do you use the moisturizer?
Would love to see more videos from you on girly stuff like these. <3
I'm a new viewer to your channel and its only been a few weeks since I started watching your videos and I love you and also your husband already! You both are truly an inspiration! 😍😄🤗 I think you should do a get ready with me video 😊👍🏼
Video about faith ❤️❤️
I love you❤
Do another cover❤
Can you pleeeaaasee do videos more often :(
Quickly went to the drug store and bought that micellar water just because you recommend it Jess. Love you ❤
Please do an updated how i edit my instagram photos!\nPlease like so Jess will see ❤️
Can you do a video about how you edit your recent pics?
please make a vdo about your planner and how you set up your planner \nps. love u from Thailand
Love the background i think it says : our house runs on coffee, target & something prime x 😂❤️
Your skin is flawless, I just can't 😍
Jess we have the same shirt! Is it the cropped bubble sleeve top from Urban? If it is, i have the same one, super awesome!
Biggest skincare tip (if you could call it that) I ever received: drink LOTS of water. I don't one exactly what drinking lots of water does, I'm not a dermatologist, but ever since I upped my water intake, I've noticed my skin was clearing up (I have oily-normal skin).\nSo yeah; lots of water.
Any video you make i like to watch, but maybe fall videos??😊💕
Can I be on your snapchat please❤️
I bought yesterday the garnier skinactive micellaire water! I was searching for a new one.
Stunning 💖✨
Hair tutorial please 💗
Are you related to Antonio Conte
Hey Jess, I'm very interested to know your stance on Marriage Equality in terms of the plebiscite happening in Australia right now!
I had a woolies ad before this video. YAS
I'm so glad it's not just my skin (mine is also quite sensitive) that goes red when I rub anything on it.
I love you 💖 please visit Philippines soon 😭
next about lashes extentions recomendation and how to care it???  😍 😍 btw love you jess.. 😘
I LOVVVVEEEEE Kate Somerville, I recommend to everyone that comes in and it's personally my favorite brand 💕
How do you take care of your eyelash extensions? Please help me 😩💖
Make a video of your go to hairstyles!! love you!!
How are you so flawless ? 💕
I think she looks like Jennifer Lawrence, is it just me??
Plz do a married couple morning routine
So beautiful with and without makeup! Jess I used to love the Garnier micellar water but I tried Bioderma and can't use anything else! Get it from Beautylish. Garnier is still probably my next favorite and they're similar in price! love you Jess xoxo
Pls do a night routine! X
Can you please do a faith video??!!
do a house tour!!❤️❤️❤️
I’ll love to see and updated version of how you edit your Instagram pictures 😻 .. and your so beautiful your such an inspiration 💞
I mean I understand she likes wearing makeup and I'm not saying she shouldn't, but I actually think she looks better without it.
If anybody is looking for an organic, cruelty free, and totally AMAZING moisturizer for a decent price, definitely check out Green Screen by FARMACY. You can get it at Sephora! It has SPF 30 and it makes my skin feel so nice and I have sensitive skin too! :)
please please do a clothing haul
can you do 'married vs dating' with lauren and alex please !!!
I use garnier micelar water too but it doesn't take off my mascara and that's very annoying cause I have to be using two different products
you are so beautiful, inside and out! Never forget that❤
Please do about your faith Jess!! 💛
Hey Jess! Do you wear daily sunscreen? If so, what kind do you use? I want to start wearing sunscreen everyday but I have very sensitive skin and it often makes me break out. Love the video!
please become a daily vlogger with Gabe
U should look up Lemongrass Spa products! They're all natural and super good for your skin! I looove them❤️and no I'm not a seller of the product, js😉look them up!
Do a what I eat in a day video 😁
i love jess so much she is so pretty
I would totally recommend getting the micellar water with the green cap as that's for combination and sensitive skin xx
We liked you to a video about youre faith
Jess posting a new video makes me sooo happy!🤗 ur so beautiful. Keep it up!💕
Do you know what your “tour make up look” will be?? I think it will be really fun to see a video on that :p
Rodan+Fields is amazing. I used it for a month and it cleared up my face so well and once I stopped using it I broke out again so you just have to be very consistent with it. And it is very good for sensitive skin even though I didn't have to worry about that. Another product I recommend is Dermologica. As far as I know, it's only sold in the U.S, but it is AMAZING for the skin.
i'd love a christian related video about how to be closer with god, a fitness routine video, or just a jess vlog :)
To those you looking for tips for acne: washing with a cleanser with the active ingredient as benzoyl peroxide in the shower everyday clears your skin in just a few months! I understand that it's hard to find acne products that work as I struggled with horrible acne for years and nothing worked until I used a benzoyl peroxide wash, I recommend Clean & Clear but you have to be extremely dedicated and wash everyday! And DO NOT forget to moisturize!!😊
Thanks for praying for mexico . You were one of the few people that talked about it and we really need prayers
Wtf 50ml of that cream Jess uses costs 100$ where am I supposed to find them😂 There is no chance my mum will allow me to buy such an expensive cream lmao
Wish you were coming to the uk for your tour 😫😫
What’s on my iPhone video
full house tour please!!!
You are hotness
Hairroutine😍
A HOUSE TOUR PLEASEEEEE
New youtuber here subscribe me please👋🏻👋🏻
prank gabe that u lost milo
The bible quote came just in time...actually a girl I know got into a car accident and there is nothing to do bcz there is no oxygen in her brain anymore. I was so upset about it and of course started praying for her. All of her friends and even where I live are praying for her. Today there is a chance for a miracle to happen bcz of all those who are praying and confessing their sins which Mary told her family to do so that her condition improves. Now I am full of faith and hope and happiness bcz I know the Lord hears us even if we don't hear His response directly❤
Can you make a video talking about your Christianity? Love you❤️
please try the Spicy noodle challenge, whisper challenge and boon beazle challenge
more makeup routines please xx
HER EYES OMG
OMG! My mom sells rodan+fields!
I could watch skincare videos alllll day
GRWM DATE NIGHT WITH GABE
Freaking yes I love you Jess. Aha it rhymed :)
I love you bubby
Thank u so much ❤️
You should do your pamper routine!!
Y u so cute omgggggggggg
that background thooo 😍
Eyessss😍😍😍😍😍😍
CLOSET TOUR
his voice always on the point
why are you so good in making awesome songs huh?
I'm in love with Sam smith, this is just breathtaking😍😱
I appreciate him so much as an artist :)
im not even a fan of Sams - this song does however resonate with me after a whirlwind summer romance that ended in heartache. Perfectly sung.
Is Sam Smith Gay?
Emotional. They sure know how to pull at the heart strings!!!
Oh god l just keep repeating this song!!!
I lOVE THIS SO MUCH OMG IM SPEECHLESS
I am so glad you have returned back with a touching song. I and myself have really missed your musics. You are always shooting up.
damn sam, you've changed.\nAs in physically, not mentally I mean you're still a great singer.
I love you sam.
I got so emotional but I love it and I love the new look Sam looks handsome 👍❤️
Thank God the lyrics are in the link des.
Oh God why did you make someone so fine? Why oh why? My mind hurts 😫😔
He lost weight. *starts to look at myself*
Sam Smith's songs really has a wonderful meaning. 😊
GOOD SONG HOPE IT BLOWS UP AND PEOPLE START SING THIS SONG
God bless Sam Smith and I, him for releasing such excellent music and me for being alive forever to hear it all over and over again also him being alive as well Amen🙏😚
I'm here before 20000
THIS TOO GOOD FOR ME. IT HIT ME.
its a nice song
MESMERISING....THIS SONG TAKES THE BREATH AWAY!!!
All he's song will break ur heart.
Is it just me or her a finer 😍😍
His..........Hair...........Gone..........Dreams...............Crushed..............BUT HE IS STILL FINE..............AND HAS A GORGEOUS VOICE.........💕💖💙💞💚💗💝💟💓💛💜
I hope alex aino covers this
damnnnnnn... i love the song but not for the video. very good sam
Please watch my own mash up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jub4LCr90Uk thank you ;*
he look better with hair
Omg us Brits have talent thank God he is back singing
Why is he so amazing?!!!!! Love you Sam xx
you're my hero Sam!
i'm not that good at goodbye
i hate d meaning of ds song..
song starts at 0:46\nyou're welcome
Massive weight reduction. You the man, Sam.
such a painful song shet but i love it so much
AAAAAAAA I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR AGES!!!!! LOVE YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU.LOOKIN FAINNNNE AS ALWAYS ;D
Looks like Justin Timberlake now. But idk he looks different. Hope he's ok
How can a sad song be so beautiful and sweet.
You must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes <3
his voice is out of this world , this was just Art
Sam Smith i miss u So Much,This is The reaL cOmeback oF yOurs
I sadly feel like sam has been through even more heartache while on hiatus
Here before this song blows up😀💥💥💥
This is perfect, he's perfect 😍 good to have him back!!!\nI already covered this song, it'd mean the world to me if you could take a look ♥️♥️♥️♥️
Song so good it give me goosebump!
wow This song is too lit......hit like if you agree<3
like... what do you listen to after that.
Sam really came through with this song 🙌🏽
if this can get *3 LIKES* I will post *VIDEO FOOTAGE* of a *KILLER CLOWN BREAKING INTO MY HOUSE* !
it's good but still not good enough for me i was waiting for him to hit that high note he always done \nbut nothing comes out this time.
I want to blow a dude \n_No Homo_
This song makes me emotional!
So sad:(
lost so much weight
kereennn!!
Any Filipinos here??
LOL ILY SOOOOOOOO REALLY MUCHY ILY SOO MUCH ILY
I wanna marry him...Please Sam...
😍😍😍😍😭😭😭😭 amazing love you
beautiful
Demi apa sam smith jd gini😧
Fuck you LGBT
One in billion
😭
NOW UR UGLY
Amazing
1.25 is fire <3
Lss😍
XXXSAMSMITHTENTACION
Lesbian? Wtf
<3
Master piece.
Slay my life
Sam Smith got thinner
This hits hard.....
OMG 😭😭😭
Can’t stop listening...
So pretty song😍💖
Mumble rappers are better...
https://youtu.be/UHVZeCBJhjk very helpful
Sam's falsetto though... 🙌🏽
Man you sing beautiful!
I love u
Sam Smith looks like Justin Timberlake 👍
Hugot na hugot hahahahhahhaa😂🙎
😭
R.I.P REPLAY BUTTON😍😍😍
Pangit mani hahaha
#5 on trending here !!
OMG BE MINE!!
Sam smith and iu should collab asap!!!!!!
he got hella old
He looks thin.
YES BITCH FUCK IT UP
So deep. 😭
Wow.👏👏
Miss you Sam!
I'm just here for Olly Murs 😂❤ #mursarmy
Love this Song and Love Olly ❤ what a fantastic song for olly to come back with after unpredictable.  Love the beat and Love Ollys Top 😍
Coely 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
Love Olly Murs 😍🙈❤️💗
So far the worst from Kungs
Like si eres de Latinoamérica (México) y solo viniste a ver a Olly Murs (También me gusta Kungs).
Encore ce style si propre à lui ! Bien vu :D\nJe suis un jeune producteur, passez écouter mon dernier son j'ai besoin de retours ! <3
Kungs and olly can do much better than this shit
Not better than This Girl but still good!!
Me gusta !! MUSIC IS PEACE👍PEACE IN THE WORLD.
What God Song
Jdore
OH i remember where i saw that olly murs guys. On COPA 90!
Sounds like a song John Newman should be singing
my mums kung XD
Kungs smile💕\nSoo cute😍😍
Enfin !!!
crazy how his songs reminds you of good times <3
Ohhhh, top💙
Kungs doing very well together with those amazing features, like always!! :D
whatching while it's under50 k..this is amazing song
HERE BEFORE A MILLION
Omg, I like it i love you Valentin😍❤️❤️❤️
More mess on my thing\nMore mess on my thing\nMore mess on my thing\nMore mess on my thing\nMore mess on my thing\nNA NA NA NA \n😍😍
Wow... I did wait this for too long, what a great work ♥♥♡♡💚💚
Is the first song of the El Hormiguero a typical Spanish television programme
K U N G S ❤️
Only one day old□□
I hope this is like the first of many new Kungs songs to drop - it would be amazing if he released an album or EP before the end of the year!
LOVED IT! It's a very good song! #Venezuela
Hey Kungs !\n\nI really likes your music but I think you can stop using the same instrument in every songs.... \nTry to make something more original :), you are talented, use your talent :p
Fiquei de olho no sorvete azul do menino kkkk
I ❤️ this great song!
This song should be so big
When u forget they were releasing a new song, cause the teaser was a million years agooo, fuck theyyyy are soo SLOW
Yes baby yeeees good song by french master kungs ❤️❤️👍🏻🎧
You're the best, NO  DOUBT! <3
wow great song !!
GJ
Amazing
klappspaten
🇧🇷Adoro este canal é bom D+++++ já estou inscrito no seu canal \nOlá Amores ✨🌹✨ Se você tem uma pessoa especial que merece ser homenageada, marque nesse vídeo. Canção dedicada ao amor em plenitude.  (( O Que Fazer )) Franny 🎧 🎶\nhttps://youtu.be/UNxpEddQ244
Parfait .
Makes me feel good
omg, Coely it's amazing.♥
please end me -_-
Beni yalnız bırakmayın lan 🇹🇷
Video makes me cringe every second
J'adore^^
Sigue pegando :)  me encanta saludos y felicitaciones desde argentina ;)
Magnificent song ❤😍😘
So beautiful
Valentin SOCORRO
Good song :D
Cet musique va enflammé le monde
Maravilhoso meu amor💖💖
La musique de l'été
Tune! so good
Coely is killing it 🔥
mama xoss gan..!! moja paise..!!
Bonito tema.
FLOP
Te amo\nkungs hacés arte\nsalu2 desde México \n#Kungs
281st...
https://youtu.be/-qPkgQbfyZ4
Los kungs son los mejores ❤️
❤❤❤👑👑👑🎶🎶🎶
❤❤
Love it 👌👌
228th comment
it's amaze
Br
Dj Kungs is Back!
Please subscribe my channel
😍😍😍😍
AWESOME <3
fine video
Quien escribe las canciones??
Ily Kungs, u r amazing ❤
ok
Oh baby a triple
super you man
Amo esta cancion ❤🎶\n#mursarmy
Very young talented producer DJ Kungs, SuperStar Olly Murs and hopeful young rapper Coely !!! Perfect combo !!!!
Kungs keeps releasing feel good bangers
OMG, i broke the replay button.
Parece que dijera Dos mas dos son tres :v
Super chanson kungs tu représente la France 🇫🇷 avec tes chansons t'es le meilleur ❤️❤️❤️💪💪
J'adore cette chanson, merci beaucoup, tu as définitivement ta place dans le paysage musical français !
Kungs le meilleur dj français
like si eres latin@
C'est quoi cette musique qui déchire !!!!! 🎉🎉🎉👍👍👍
J'adore déjà 😍 j'en pouvais plus d'attendre géniale un nouveau style
Ptsrrr c ets quoi cette merde , le chanteur est a chier jsuis koo
Encore clip et musique d'un Dj hors du commun gros bisous Valentin très beau travail
Je vous parie que ce son va atteindre le MILLIARD de vues, likez si vous êtes d'accord.
Le plus beau et le meilleur ❤❤❤
JE SUIS TROP FAN <3\n \nJ'ai fais un REMIX que vous pouvez trouver ici, dites moi ce que vous en pensez !\nhttps://youtu.be/4Ui4R45_9kU
What a sweet video haha
Come to poland, please🙏💞😊
She must have the runs.
Did that say she was a jogger or a logger
No surprise she has a short hair cut
THESE SHIT-AND-RUN ACCIDENTS MUST STOP!! THE POLICE CAN'T KEEP UP WITH THIS SHIT!!
I can bet u my left nut that poo woman is a crooked Hilary supporter.. 100%
I did a search and noticed that most of the people caught shitting in public are women. ....Fairer sex my fucking ass!  ....goddamn nasty fucking bitches.
whats most disturbing is that this shit is trending!
Shouldn't be too hard to follow her to her home ! then the neighbourhood could shit on her all casually like!!!!
I'd kick her face
she's a bad ass (literally)
oi\nnow people are into people pooping and taping it\nWTF!!!!!\n\nBOMB THE US!!!!\n\nTHE END\n::))
What a crappy thing to do
When you think you can run home from Chipotle thinking you can make it but you don't
to get her to cut the... Well, you know...\n\nThat was edgy. hahaha
Oh man. I'd love to know this woman's identity. I'd create a website MadPooper.com and plaster this nasty woman's name, face, and news story all over it.
If a man flopped his dick out to piss the jail but a woman bears her arsehole a shits and it’s maybe kinda warn her before she faces chargers
She was originally from ridgefield nj
Maybe she's afraid of toilets. i saw a case on another lady that did the same thing and she couldn't stop. i couldn't believe that back then but now i'm seeing that it must be a real fear smh
Fuck it, take are shit
Indian’s do this all the time
These are really shit jokes \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHa get it
It's been happening for 4 fucking years I just saw a video from 2013 and we're in 2017 lol
were in a simulation, this player just having some fun
What the fuck is this shit?
I'd be mad too if some bitch dropped plunkets in my yard.
I want to see the video
What a nasty cunt! Especially if there are bathrooms near by. If she has a bowel problem, she needs to wear Depends! Seriously, wtf is wrong with this bitch?
She's a freak must be a turn on
The amount of puns! 😂
Honestly, there are things more important and newsworthy than this shit........... oh wait
No one ever has to deal with this shit
I guess she had the shit ran out of her
I hope when she goes to jail, that her cellmate and the warden both take lots of shits on her face.
I'd unload a paintball gun right in her ass crack... That would make this shit bitch very easy to find ;)
Reminded me of Jackass-taking a shit while running at full-speed video XD
To solve this run after her punch her cunt in there u go
lol but when a naked dog shits in front of you it's just fine
Shit happen...💩
fuck colorado. just another narco state.
I would eat it
Ew! Look out! The Mad Pooper!
I say some full auto paintball to the ass is much needed.
Your kids were crying. because of this? Fuck off and die you cretin.
Its a shit and run folks!
Instead of taking pics just follow her nasty ass home
She just needs the shit beat out of her.
God Bless my City.
What the fuck cunt?
Oh don't worry, in about a year time all of the feminists will be pooing outside because it's liberating and natural and whatnot. She is just starting another retarded trend.
lol i think someone has a fetish and trying to see if anyone would want to go out with her XD
Why don't she go to the toilet before going for he run🤔
its just lady gaga promoting her new album?
I'm all up for kinky girls but this is taking it too far!
At least she's not scheiße about it.
Where do these gross bitches come from
She really must have a few screws loose!!! What kind of person in their 'right mind' would even contemplate doing something like that?! That's soooo disgusting and gross!  Arrest her and lock her up in a tiny cell with a a stainless steel toilet and nothing else to look at for 10 years! If that doesn't get through to her - nothing will! That's just sick 😷😱😱😱🦋
I'm here for the poop puns
You gotta get schwifty.\nOh, yeah!\nTake off your pants and your panties.\nShit on the floor.
she has no proof  this woman has done it. She took pictures of a woman running and pictures of a pile of shit. now everyone wants to claim it happened to them. that town isnt that big someone has to know her. how the fuck is she getting into peoples backyards? do they not have fences. im calling b.s.
I've been to America... they all do it. i was shocked. America and public pooing go hand in hand.
I guess you can say that the jogger is in deep shit.
Huh, I wonder if she would charge me to walk her around the park?
STOP THE HATE! She is a Transpooper, all you right winged bigots need to stop excluding and start including. #transpooperlivesmatter #LGBTQP
Shoot her, let's be done with it.
U don't want to be getting into a smear campaign with this lady 😂\n\nPpl shouldn't have to take this crap 😂\n\nThe residents should call the poolice 😂\n\nThere's plenty of shits but no one's giggling 😂\n\nShe runs everyday? She must have a great pair of dungs ... I mean lungs 😂\n\nShe must be very poopular around the neighbourhood 😂\n\nPpl should praise this lady, she's the only one who gives a shit 😂\n\nI bet this lady is 33 and a turd years old 😂\n\nI heard the lady is woman of god.... holy shit! 😂
if this was a guy it would not be funny
meanwhile politicians and news channels smear shit in americans eyes and ears and they dont bat an eyelid
Who gives a SHIT!
There's just no need for it is there?
So... she´s a serial pooper.  Oh well... when you gotta go, you gotta go!!  All hands on poop deck!
Don't think it's a disorder. I think it's along the lines of some sort of deviant behavior and exhibitionism. The problem could escalate.... poopflinging
Holy shit!!
So.. many.. shitty puns
Well shit...
Eww wtf
1:32 blur shit.
everyday occurrence in india.
WTF WHY??????
Run, Stop, Squat, Drop, sleep, Repeat?
What a dump!
When you gotta go, you gotta go.
nasty scat bitch....runnin with mud butt.....fucking failure
Crazy bitch!!!
The mad shatter
Her name is Robin Ophelia Quivers.
Public enemy number 2
PUBLIC ENEMY #2
Holy crap...... its not funny
bless her arse
why ?
Taco shits!!Or maybe to much anal!?
DESIGNATED
poop lives matter.
Claty bitch..😷
God white people so grimey
I reacted to it on my channel. Check it out :) https://youtu.be/AY5A4yWSFpM
So unnatural to what our society does! We usually bomb other nations to obliteration, pooping outside is so third country.
I know several females who also are very similar to this female.  The mess they leave in public rest rooms is as gross as their explanation or self defense you don't tell me what I can or cannot do!  The jogger does look pooped, also a little skinny for this activity.  Fight back, everybody get together and monster poop on her lawn.
The Springs Serial Sidewalk Shitter is a better pseudonym
Typical dirty ass Europeans
The Lionesses top their group after matchday 1.
So sorry to see Mark Sampson leave England Women's Team - THANK YOU for some amazing results and progress in Women's Football. My wife and I have REALLY enjoyed supporting and following the England Lionesses and their tremendous progress.
Is it me or do the English lady's play better than the men. Well done girls
Too easy.
Why is this trending?
who even watches this?
*BLYAT*
02:00 best of the lot.\n#Bronze
Then they go and sack the manager, what the hell..
Everything about that first celebration is just wrong... They show unity but what about Eni Alike uhh ? Unity in keeping the starting spots.
Mark Sampson is such a great manager.\n\n\nOh wait...
Toni Duggan is such a great player
0:10 Goal! Let's do one thing to secure our career, nothing is more important than our career *Everyone celebrated with sampson\n0:29 Sampson: that will do it, players support me, the world will think i'm innocent
So, in light of all the rumours swarming around Sampson, all these celebrations look a bit... forced and rather dodgy, tbh.
pizdec
Aluko and the other players making accusations against Sampson should be utterly ashamed. The ones complaining are the ones that are technically poor and so haven't kept up with the development of the game over the years under sampsons charge. Aluko was fast but technically terrible and like schoolboy football as the other players develop technically the poorer players get found out. Aluko and Sanderson are disgusting and cost Sampson his job and career, just because they cannot accept they're not good enough.\nThe FA are an embarrassment, when they decided they don't want anymore race coverage, despite him being cleared twice, they look through his history and find an excuse from before he even had the England job which all of a sudden is a sackable offence. #JokeFA
Why are there people on here complaining about womans football. 'Who watches this' 'womens football should be banned' 'Id care if it wasnt women' You dont have to like it but it clearly said WOMEN in the title, why bother clicking on it? Genuinley curious? Usually if i see something i k ow i dont like, i tend not to click on it.
1.45 failed hi five
Amazing Fran Kirby
The crowd sounds so stupid.
Good girls
I support Tranmere
What a player frank kirby is... amazing... she deserved the player.of the match award
I just like watching women run after a ball
This is meant to be enterta.. I just woke up.
Just need Benny Hill theme tune over this
these are the type of results a good manager with longevity gets you
3 out of 6 of the goals in this game are CALAMITOUS. Hilarious to watch...please dont pretend it's at a decent level. The fifth and sixth goals are simply LMFAO
how is this on trending with 11k views? just more evidence towards you just pay to get up there.
Tranmere rovers!!!!!
*Arе уоu lоокing for hot dаtes in уour neighbоurhоod?*

JLgUdZ5_CDg,\n *Thеу hеre ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=JLgUdZ5_CDg_961313
Manager Sacked.
Like to see a game with the usa team.
Then hours later he was sacked
Check out www.makeplates.co.uk for car show/legal plates :)
I'm sure eni aluko will still find something to complain about
*scores 6th goal* \nCommentator: And that will seal up the game\nI think it was sealed at 3-0
Now Sampson is set to leave as manager haha
Hi everyone can you subscribe to my channel please watch my little boy doing football training thank you
Good job, Mini Messi! Fantastic assists tonight.
i mean its all nice but imagine Bailly and Rojo charging at them. The whole team would have to be stretchered off
Pity it’s the women
Brits might won this football battle but Russians will always win the beauty war
Great performance by the girls. Cracking start to the campaign. Well done everybody involved.
Man Toni Duggan is a babe and good player too 😍☺️
Can't believe the fa sacked mark Sampson all because he dropped 1 player who didn't like it he was cleared twice of any wrong doing from 2 different investigations no other players are saying he did it England just got rid of the second most successful England  manager so good job
Women football shout be banned
Wow, finally Duggan scores and she's labelled a good player.She's an Heskey. She chokes a lot.Good game.
First
I'd care if it wasn't women's football tbh
kirby should have gotten man of the match for that amazing performance. but they all played brilliantly so understandable that the commentators had a hard time choosing
Why is this trending with only 7k views,
No such thing as England lioness bunch of Dykes
Ladies love to play with balls more than men 😂😂
Russia lost credibility all over the world after that doping scandal. It would have been better to lose honourably than to win and lose honour.
Reported for violent content
Why is this on trending. O I know libtube.
1:33 what a miss!
School girl level of skill
Great Lioness and beating Russia is great.
Preston park tranmere rover ground was empty and it was shocking game and under 12 boy team would wipe floor with russia and england team is crap defence with goalkeeper was comedy show.
Do It fOr ThE sOvIeT uNiOn\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMission Failed better luck next time
The women are better than men 👍
stop playing football
Good riddance Mark Sampson you racist scumbag
same old, different title.
i dont usually like this kind of music but honestly its a pretty chill song
Here you go!\n\nA Different Way\n(feat. Lauv)\n\nCould you believe I could be different?\nI'll be the difference, I'll lift you high\nAnd I understand your hesitation\nOur reputation, it's no surprise\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nAnother love, so unforgiving\nYou've been a victim too many times\nAnd I'll be the friend, hold you together\nI'll be forever, will you be mine?\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way
who's here before 100m?
Lauv? The opening act guy for Ed's tour? OMG
This is a shit
where the fuck is the lyric guy
The beat I love it 😍
Drop by 'the ting goes skrrra' guy.
Vocal chops in a different way!
I hope he makes more songs this year
i think it was future bass :(
dj snake is out of drops srsly
Please do performance in india please
dj snake the best dj on this world\nan this song is the bost with middle horecomes the nigh and almbum encore
New album of Justin Bieber ......with DJ snake...
Have this on repeat 😍💯
Who's here before million views!!😂😂😍
I swear I'll LAUV you in a different way
Fan of Lauv but not of this song
I love this...\n\nSnake did it again...\n\n\nwell\n\nin my words\n\nSnake, done got me another reason to live
the drop sounds like my gay neighbour sucking some d
I absolutely love this song love the vocals though the drop is definitely unique for me it just doesn't fit in with the song and it's keeping me from being totally obsessed with this song just wish there was a different version with a different drop
What the fuck was that drop
Amazing🙈.  Literally, a different way👌
How many vote for a trap song by DJ Snake ?
I LIKE THAT BEAT
Could you believe I could be different?\n\nI'll be the difference, I'll lift you high\n\nAnd I understand your hesitation\n\nOur reputation, it's no surprise\n\nSo let me redefine you\n\nAnd you can see the tide move\n\nJust like tears in the eyes do\n\nAnd when you're feeling alone\n\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\n\nBetween the sea and silence\n\nSo breathe easy my dear\n\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\n\nEven a broken heart can beat again\n\nForget about the one who caused you pain\n\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nBOBO IASDJAUIRHLIAUTOPSD POPAOSD POH POH\n\nI know that love is so unforgiving\n\nYou've been a victim too many times\n\nAnd I'll be the friend, hold you together\n\nI'll be forever, will you be mine?\n\nSo let me redefine you\n\nAnd you can see the tide move\n\nJust like tears in the eyes do\n\nAnd when you're feeling alone\n\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\n\nBetween the sea and silence\n\nSo breathe easy my dear\n\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\n\nEven a broken heart can beat again\n\nForget about the one who caused you pain\n\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nHey, hey, hey\n\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nHey, hey, hey\n\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nBOBO IASDJAUIRHLIAUTOPSD POPAOSD POH POH
Let me love you 2017 Version
I know Snake want's to try some new things all the times, and that makes him so unique. But the drop on this one is just not there
the vocals are really good lauv is an amazing singer, but the beat leaves much to be desired
anyone else hear the melody to Ariana Grande - One Last time?
was that chorus suppose to flip us off ???
Who needs a 1 hour version of this? 😍😍😊
PLEASE MY DREAM IS TO HIT 10K VIEWS HELP ME PLEASE I'LL BE THE HAPPYEST PERSON ON EARTH !!\nhttps://youtu.be/RTQoDpoKk3s
The beat dropped harder than my maths grades//
Avicii in the i button?\n\n(Does that mean anything?)
I love DJ Snake but sounds like Ariana Grande- One Last Time.
Dj Snake back in action with a dope song!\nHey guys! It's my brother's birthday in a couple days and I thought I would help him out on reaching 1.5k subs on his YouTube channel! His channel is FYR3FLY and he makes quality edm music, you won't be disappointed;)
I'm glad that DJ snake still got edm on his new song, i'm sorry but i really disappoint with calvin
ARE YOU KIDDING ME ITS LAUV AND DJ SNAKE WHAT THE FRACK
Hit like if you are before 1M👍👍👍
1:04 you don't need lyrics to understand that part LOL!!!
wow the Voice Like Ed SHeeraN ;x♥
if this doesn't become a hit i will officially give up on this world
BITCHHHH THIS IS THE BEST SONG EVERRRR
I love it 😍 so amazing
Dj Snake always surprises me!
Nice 😎😎
Olé
LYRICS : \n-I swear ill love you in a different way \n-Scoopnum, SKIDI KI POK POK  ratnum, oosna BBRRRRRAAAA
Dj snake did it again amzing
What is lit??????😀😉😁😊😂😋😃😎🤓🤓🤓🤓
Lauv made it 🤘
a unique dope track
vocal chops r still a thing huh
boommm
🔥🔥🔥
On fire 🔥😏🔥😏🔥
#DJSnake Good music
FINALLY !!
Nice intro , melody but bad drop Dj snake :(((( !!
oH MY GOD lauv and dj snake im SHOOK
DREAM COLLAB
great music Lauv is amazing :)
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
This is just lauvly
Funky as fuck oooooooh🔥🤒
Lauv el mejor 👌👍
indian beat
Before 1m squad make some nooooise 😆
Sus letras si que están buenas y este sonido está pasable.
who else gets a Major Lazer vybe ?
100% :) loved it
LOVE from JAPAN
Tjlw
Progressive House\nhttps://youtu.be/5hU3AJ4QJ1M
iine!!
Que hermosa canción!! 😍
https://youtu.be/O3QZySxDI5g remix ✌️✌️✌️
Listening from Bolivia 🇧🇴🇧🇴🇧🇴
YASSSSS ♥♥♥
sick beat <3
legend
Lauv this! <3
😘😘😘😘
unexpected unique brasilian vibe, love to dj snake <3
Wow wow wow
LAUVVV 😚
Too bad DJ Snake Butchered this drop. Lauv sounds amazing!
Here before 1 Mil ;)
VOCALS WERE GOOOOD
New Favourite!
Ooooh
🔥🔥🔥
Top.
1:03 when arabes drop the beat
Best Dj crossover 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
LAUVVVV
no bad :v
The look of utter joy on Gene’s face: just priceless! Never mind reunions, it’s just so nice to see you these two legends getting along so well.
Am I the only person in the world who would love to see an original lineup tour but WITHOUT the makeup and outfits?  man, I think that would be so cool and would lend some credibility.  I just don't think they look good in makeup at this age.  They look way better like this than all done up etc.
think kiss should make one more album with ace and then do what motley crue did, tour the world for that new album and end things on a high note that would be waaaaaay fucking cool
Chemistry these guys have it, seeing ACE clean healthy looking great, there is only one Ace ,  no dis to Tommy but dude you can copy a Rembrandt and it can look great, but it will never be a true Rembrandt this how you play  Parasite ,
Fuck the haters!!! This is awesome!!!!
Yeah Baby!
BRING ACE BACK.
Frehley!! Simmons!! 😀😀😀😀
Fuckin Magik
He will go all the way to Minnesota to get attention to promote that ... ambitious... VAULT release he announced last week.
forget a reunion, Paul can't sing anymore since that procedure and it's just sad to see in my opinion one of the greatest rock voices struggle to hit some of those higher notes, no thanks I've got great memories of them and him live and that's just fine with me, one of the greatest bands of my life.
That was awesome. After all the bad words from Paul and Gene, they have now both recently played with him. It's a good feel story. They will reunite again as Kiss but they don't need Peter. Those 3 guys were the band. Make it happen.
They’ll never reunite in makeup, but I sense another “Unplugged”, not sure about Peter but Gene Paul and Ace for sure.
You know, KISS takes a lot of crap from a lot of music fans. But this is a great song. And they actually had a good number of them throughout their career. Good performance here.
Great to see them together but as a loyal Original4Forever it still doesn't seem right without Peter\nMaybe his fued with Paul can end even if Pete's retired maybe do a show or two.
Seeing this kinda makes me want to see the original band without makeup...
Pure Fuckin Magic..classic im in a wheelchair and this made me get up and devil horn rock my neck off like a bobble head...yeah
At about the 4 minute mark Gene is checking to see if Ace still has it.
Just put all the b.s. behind and get the band back already . Ace you are the man and kiss is the band
kiss is Paul, gene, ace & peter!!!  not those 2 other wanna bees !!!!!
Clapping....\n..get peter and paul  in there and I'll give a standing ovation
This may be as close as we get to a reunion tour. A no make up tour would be good.
As a life long Kiss fan,  That was really cool!
hotter then Hell the original Ki§§
weird...Gene is more likable NOT as the demon.
I saw them after the morning show and ace is a true gentleman. All smiles while signing autographs.
That was so fucking awsome. Gene looks happy. That's hard to fake. Playing with old friends, gotta be an incredible feeling.
Ace sounds pretty good to me, it just flowed out of him. I wanted to break Genes finger so he couldnt point it at Ace no more. By the way,   Ace did write those songs all by himself, they added the band later!
Gene would be better off playing with Ace than Paul at this point.  Ace had the worst voice of any of the original members but he mop the floor with what little Paul has left, vocally.
It will be interesting to hear Eddie Trunk's take on this.
BRING ACE BACK & THE MONEY IS THERE$$$$IMMMONS
Paul must've been pissed off when he heard about this reunion performance....
Anyone can say what they like about Gene, but it's undeniable that he's a cool fucker. As is Ace. It'd be great to see them go out with a bang on a big tour with everyone that ever played under the name, Kiss.
Love to see Peter .Paul ,Gene, Ace do this w/o makeup just Rock n Roll they do not need all the pyro or makeup just PLAY
You can see the HOLY FUCK, I'M ON STAGE WITH ACE FREHLEY !!!!!!! look on the younger guys in the band. Great to see.
One of the BEST songs KISS ever recorded...
Bring back the Cat too!
He was kissing Ace's ass the whole show. Nothing from Gene Simmons ever seems real or sincere. He doesn't care about the fans or music, just making money
Heard from the guy who posted this video - he said that Ace was sober right before the show. So I was wrong to think he was drunk. My apologies Spaceman! You still do a hell of a good drunk walk for a sober guy :)
Those dudes can't play with Gene an Ace thier lazy slacks,thier too...loose that was more of a tight groove song Ace an Gene should have just had somebody in the back ground on rhythm...
Ace Frehley - funniest guy in rock!
The magics still there two Legends
i wish i was there
Holly crap, it's finally come!
Kiss new merchandise I bought a Kiss bedpan at this show and my wife bought the Kiss three pack adult diapers and the Kiss denture glue
Good to see Ace and Gene put their differences aside for a good cause
Gene&Ace????  Wow!! what a lovely day!!!!\nmore exciting than original-KISS reunion :)
Gene will fire Paul and hire Ace
Both Gene and Ace have let themselves go physically... such a shame... but hey... they still sound great!
Wow! This is AWESOME!
Bring back ace!
So nice to see Gene and Ave together.
How many more guitar players can they fit on a hat stage?
Just hearing Gene say Ace's name like that in the beginning makes me freaking happy. I'm glad in the end after all the bickering, they can still come together like none of that ever happened. I wish Paul was there to join them. That would have been amazing.
KISS REUNION PLEASE! A REAL FAREWELL TOUR !!! REAL KISS, REAL FAREWELL !!!
I enjoy seeing Ace play with other Kiss members on the friend level better than being in Kiss.  This way everyone is happy, getting along and want to be on stage together.
I grew up with this music. Some of the best hard rock ever written. Love it. damn sure would go see them in concert.
Finally found something good to say about Gene. At least he knows the songs.
Glad to see this happening. Gene wrote some songs with Ace recently, and it looks like they still have a pretty big spark playing together.
Bring back Ace! Time for another reunion tour!!!! F it, I'll go again.
This shows that Gene is an amazing bass player. Most bass players just follow the drums without worrying about much, whereas Gene creates little melodies inside the songs as in Detroit Rock City, Deuce or Watchin' You. An all time great
Be cool to see the pair tour?🤔\n\nJman👀
Ace is THE place with the helpful hardware man!
Do you know of the bands, KISS maid? Little help?
a reunion again? Really? I don't know peter isn't doing well & recently retired.would I Like Ace to be FULLY on the next KISS CD? YES. but I doubt they will want to or agree on a full tour.
Do all aging metal heads sound like punk garage bands?  I'm not making fun.  After all, I like punk!
He still LOOKS GREAT GODDAMMIT-YOU GOTTA LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
Gene confused Ace with Peter about the ten inch thing
Ladies and gentleman. The real deal. 🤘
Gene loves to play music with Ace when Ace is sober. It looks like both are having a blast here. It would be great to see the original lineup just play without makeup on just play a concert in street closes.
Solo surprised me. very good
This is so good to see and hear. It's still there.
I love Ace but those rings might be starting to weigh his right hand down just a bit
Fuck yeah!!! I am loving Gena and Ace. This is fuckin awesome!!!
they sound 1,000,000 times better than the current fake KISS
oh man.. lets hope .. this is a good sign.
where's peter and paul?
It is always special when ANY of the original members of KISS get together and play...do it ONE MORE TIME guys...no makeup (never been done before with more than 2 original members), and bow out ON TOP.  Ace's tone is just...KISS.
And people complain about cell phones
To the person who disliked. Go watch Justin Bieber.
As it should be!
whadda you think paul thought when he saw this?
holy moses yes yes yes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ace is God , still fucking shredding
Awesome
Hell yeah!
Ace is still cool
Fuckin awesome!! !
This was awesome!
Epic
Gracias Dios por estas alegrías!!!
Magie ist - wenn alle Original Kiss Mitglieder rocken. Der Zauber ist unvergleichlich. Daher ist Kiss unersetzlich...es ist wie wenn man sein Seelenfreund trifft - einzigartig.
Look at all those Gibson Les Pauls 😱😱😱
Ace needs to hang it up
It's official, Ace has sold out and betrayed people like me who despise that washed up sex addict, Gene Simmons. Respect for Ace at 0 now.
It's two buddy's jamming, bugger all the reunion stuff! They tried it, it failed. Kiss would not exist past 2000 if not for the current format, otherwise no one would be talking about 'fake' anything! I'm glad the original members are all still alive, unlike a lot of bands. The finale for the greatest rock band of all time will be memorable I'm sure!!! 🤘
Love ace but the intro was sloppy...you can clearly hear the other guitarist carrying ace....
Sounds like shit.
Hotter than Hell...best Kiss album
Ace rules, Gene drools!
*I've watched this video so many times. Not only is the song amazing, but I love how much fun Liam, Zedd, and the crowd are* *having in the video. I wish I was there and I hope one day I'm lucky enough to collab with Zedd. The man is a music genius.* *Hope you like my music.*
in Liam's jacket says the same thing as Zayn's shirt in the Still got time video\n\n\nLOL......
the start of this video reminds me of cold plays video for a sky full of stars :)
I love you liam. Your energy
People who were there are sooo luckyyy
Liam is the new Justin Timberlake I'm just saying
AAAA ITS AMAZING SONG ,, LOVE IT !!
I really want to be there..
This is FUCKIN'bet'r than the O.G VIDEO?YAY!
It's just me or they look like twins? XD
The ad for this vid was dusk till dawn which I love❤️❤️ so I'm letting this ad slide your welcome☺️
I found this on trends
Are zedd & Liam Payne is a brother..?
Liam's jacket says Fear of God
this is a clever idea, i love liam honestly I am very proud of him, if he walked down the street singing better believe I'm the hype woman and the backup dancer for him and zedd
https://youtu.be/N1tg3Gz4Tz8 check this video out! :)
OMG I see Zedd on street and I'll die!!!
Every member of 1D is so talented even they've separated on their own ways, still they create more hit music that we hear today. I wish I could see them collaborating a new song with them 5 ^_^.
Very funny i love it this song
I thought Zedd was a female all these while
Liam sounds like a mix of Nick Jonas and the old Joe Jonas in this one. You know back when Joe used to end every note with, uh?!
Hi I Taiwan I very like u song
Can you do this around the world please, just sing and let people hear you. Would love to see both of you up close performing!
The song is so sexual, why do they have children in the video
Love it the video😍😍😍
How can this dork make this not seem sexual as the song sounds? oh yeah its a puppy singing it. 😂😂
First time hearing this song: ok, is not so bad.\nSecond time: OMG, this song is fucking good.\nThird time: GET UP *dancing around the house* GET UP, HOW COULD I LIVE WITHOUT THIS SONG?
1:56 how can liam do that XD
This is a sick song with a killer beat....
The blonde dancing behind is really hot
I was thinking the choreography could be more following to beats?? Ok idk
His smile is everything
us: 18 months = one year and 6 months\nthe boys: 18 months = 3 years
Hey check out my music video ;-)X
Starting to slowly like Liam Payne 😁
This was released on my sister's birthday!!!
Fear of God jacket????????? anyone seen one similar , ZAYN!!!!!!!!!!!!! #ziam  #liam #zayn
Being a dad aged him real quick but he's still just as adorable
The girl in the hijab 💙
Great idea. Reminds of Coldplay's idea a few years back a little bit but it's still awesome !
Listen.I just want to say thank you for reading this comment.
I m in this video. Liam was so sweet that day
I juss love this song
I hear zayns high part at the end from I'm pretty sure It was You and I?!
If you come from Instagram like
awww liam n zedd made my day... just wanna see liam so badlyy
Which keyboard does Zedd have in this video? does anyone know?
Can I get a like?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*England is my city*
This has to be the best song of the  week .
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Как бы мне не нравился Лиам, но эта песня полное говно. Sorry...
Is there that place where the song one thing?
Liam Payne and the little girls where so cute !!👌🏻🙂🙂😇💵
The best song of 2017!!!!!!!! Way to bring it!!!
I wish to be there to!
liam, i love your music, but you getting real dirty  and you have a son. so im going to tell you this once, CALM THE EF DOWN BOI!!!! love ya!
I think they are brothers
Liam looks like Zedd's long lost brother xD
Wow.. It's AMAZING.. I CRY❤❤
They look like brothers. Someone who doesn't know any better can mistake them as a bro band.
does he realy walk down to the streets
I like zedd plus liam. get up get low😍💃
Liam payne you are a great singer and you has proved that by that song. I love the song vwry much.
This vid is Absolutely A-MA-ZING !! Congrats Guys!  Love you so much :* <3
He sounds like Justin Timberlake.
Omg Liam is such an adorable puppy
*I. WANT. ZEDD. TO. SING!!¡!!!!!¡!¡¡ OKAY?!*
Liam look's like justin timberlake
good
One Thing vibes
Nuestra Conchomamá pudo haber salido aquí :v
Get Low... nice
Zedd is kinda attractive...
Positive comments 😍
11/10
fuck you hihi
¡Woow!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
accidentally read zedd as zayn.........whoops. -_-
What a fucking clip
Me payno \nBoyyyyoo ❤️😩😩😩
MY HOMETOWN! 😁
i support this uglie mf
GIRL POWER\n♡★☆★♡\n♥❤♥
omg liam i want to cill my silf aaaaaaaaaaa \n\n\n\n\n\nlove you liam ♥♥♥♥♥♥
I miss Zayn and Liam
Hm
Mira mi nuevo vídeo , Dale like si te gusto y suscribete para mas vídeos , No te olvides de compratir a todos tus amigos , Gracias. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQEz3gZ-75w BUEN VÍDEO !
Hmm they look like brothers
cool ;)
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I LOVE   I LOVE  I LOVE
I am lovinggg the video!!! Soooo cool
I love it💖💖😘😘
zayn 3:30
PER-FECTT!!
💋💖💖💖💗💗💗💞💞💞💕💕💕💔💔💔💓💓💓❤❤❤💘💘💘💙💙💙💚💚💚💛💛💛💜💜💜🖤🖤🖤❣❣❣❣💟💟💟💟👑
oh very god <3
ME ENCANTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
best video
WHOS DIGGIN THE FALL LOOK?! I cant wait to film more OMG!
TUTORIALS OVER REVIEWS!!!!!  <3
I LOVE TUTORIALS
Stupod gay guy
I SOOOO FKIN LOVE YOU!!
Why haven't I subbed already???
fall is mine too manny
you slay my life
My exact thoughts. Thank youuuu
I love tutorials!
R u gay
Are you gay
AMAZING AND SO PIGMENTED !!!!! <3
Manny you are looking so good, had to look at the date on this video you look so young.... YOU GO MANNY
im in love whit your makeups you are my inspiration manny loveu from tijuana mexico
I like tutorial videos more than reviews, because I'm needing to work on my eyeshadow skills and tutorials give me tips. I really appreciate how to videos on different eye techniques because it goes more in depth on how exactly you do eye looks.
I've been missing the tutorial type videos but I'm going to watch whatever you guys upload anyways 😂😂😂
Please bring back some cool special effects Halloween looks!!
Love tutorials because I just love watching you do makeup!  But I have to tell you that it makes me so sick that you can wear any freaking colors you want and they look f'ing fabulous on you!!!
Love you so much! Love how much you appreciate your own work and don't give a damn.\n❤❤❤
tutorials are so cool. i prefer them more than reviews, feels so creative and i learn lot more
The cringe is real
I can only watch so many of the 1 + million reviews of Fenty Beauty. One tutorial a week from someone who uploads a few times a week would be appreciated!! ❤️
Please do a walk through tutorial on... orange warm eye look 🍊🍑🍯🌶🍋
I really liked this tutorial! I love your look for fall ;D
i love tutorials ans look books because I LOVE watching how people do their makeup and then ontop of them explaining it. i think its really easy to review and tutorial at the same time. Maybe not review but recommend. Ya DIgg?
When you said Hocus Pocus all I heard was Amuck Amuck Amuck
I LIVE for your bloopers! 😍😍😂🤞🏻
i loveeee tutorials i'd love to see more from you!
Why does he slay the makeup better than me?! 😭😭😂
I love watching people put on makeup, so yes to the tutorials! Thank you!
So obsessed with you just discovered u💗 your so amazing an fun to watch
I know this sounds kinda cheesy and fangirly-ish, but I'll love anything you do. You're so adorable and entertaining that I just enjoy anything you upload.
Always use your code at the morphe store❤
I really like tutorials.  Keep them coming sometimes.
Absolutely love this look. Picking up a sea siren asap!
Wondering how Manny Mua convinced me to use the gift card to buy make up instead of toys
I love the makeup look, I think your awesome..... love you.
Idk I personally prefer tutorials using new products. But I like the talkative kind, it's a lot of fun to get ready while watching
Seriously love you Manny! My favorite MUA!! Keep up the good work boo 😘😘😘 killin the game
I love your makeup tutorials
BAHAHA the evil giggle in the beginning lmao! I love this look and you!
Reads more summer and pink glitter than grungy, fall, or vampy in my opinion.
I Love Tutorials!!! I prefer them over reviews.
Tell us how you clean your brushes, how often and what products you use, please 💕💕
Maybe I'm lame, but I still LOVE tutorials. The second I saw the recommendation for this video pop up, I couldn't wait to watch it, especially since I just bought this palette. ❤️
And for the record, I could watch your tutorials and talk thrus non stop, all day every day!
I love tutorials. There are some people that some on YouTube to learn how to do make up. And that's what beauty gurus jobs should be about is to teach. I love reviews too because I want to know about a product before I spend my money on it. But you also need to teach your subscribers how to do make up
Come on, Manny!!! I can't wait to get your merch!
omg intro look those expressions n  smile at last slaying it😍😍😍😍😍
I love the look! I love to watch tutorials, with step by step guidance. 💜
Yesss baby I loved you caliente on fall🔥🔥🔥😗😍😍
Honestly I love tutorials more but reviews are also good! It helps us to buy makeup knowing it will work well! But tutorials will always be Fave! Love you!!!
Saw Manny today in the biggest Sephora in New York!!  He is so stunningly beautiful in person.  Makeup on fleek.
I love to see tutorials so I can get ideas of looks to do with my huge makeup collection. And also I can copy the technique and brushes the artist uses. I learn something new every time I watch a makeup tutorial Love the look you created!
Keep doing tutorials!! I always like a tutorial, when I get a new eyeshadow palette I look on youtube for a tutorial to give me some eye look ideas. and fyi I'm loving this fall look and I CANNOT wait for more fall looks!!!!
Yes to more tutorials!  I need ideas on getting new looks from the shit ton of makeup I already own.
Omg Manny ur so FUKEN hot!!!!! I wish u weren't gay!!!!! ....good video tho love the tutorialstutorials
Its not all bout views, its about creative content, and not copying all the trending videos.
I fucking love the editing you've been doing with the laugh in the beginning lately. Perfect. XD
Not tryin to hate in him or anything, but his face confuses me. He has the like super beautiful eyeshadow and lipstick but he also has scruff on his chin. Whatevez, just my OCD kicking in
A gay kid?
More fall tutorials pls pls
❤️
I love tutorials!
COÑO! Hahahahahaha sooooo funny! 😂😂😂
More tutorials please
QUEEN
😍😍BEAUTIFUL MANNY JUST BEAUTIFUL😍😍😉
Get it manny 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😍😍😍😍😍😍
Gay
you are sooo cute yas girl
Fall time manny is my fucking JAMMMM 🌙❤️
I love tutorials Manny
UGH... i love your fall makeup looks SOO much.
I hate the gays what the fuck is this get the fuck out of our country
I wish you would do the eyeliner and lashes on camera so we can see how you got the full look. Love you though and it looks amazing!
I love fall and I love tutorials!!! 😘😘😘
I love tutorials when they're especially all one pallet so that we can learn different looks and don't need a bunch of different eye shadows :) also nobody is hardly doing tutorials anymore and it makes me sad!
Not to be annoying but I'm just starting my Beauty channel if anyone wants to subscribe! I'll subscribe back. Xo
You gave a tutorial using this pallet and based on that I made my decision if I wanted it or not. So it’s a twofor!
I like tutorials way better than reviews.
I don't mind tutorials at all Manny
My self confidence have been shot to the ground. Oh my god Manny you are so beautiful. \nThank you super women for sending me here! Xx
I still love watching tutorials because I am still learning the ways of makeup! Keep on keepin on 😊
Thank you so much for the tutorial!  I love the fall looks too!
I actually love tutorials more then reviews, it inspires me to try to do different makeup looks and techniques.
I think it would be cool if at the beginning of the week you did a full face of first impressions/tutorial and then at the end of the week after you have had some time to work with the products more, do a chatty grwm follow up video.
I love makeup tutorials like this and your skin looks flawless 😍👌🏼
I love this look so much I love fall looks and this looks so beautiful girl!! I  can't wait for more fall looks. <3
I love tutorials and i don't really like reviews
You are SO cute with that makeup😘
Many supporter no matter what!
Can I just point out the fact that manny is fudging amazing! He is honest, nice and loyal! I'm so glad he is bringing back tutorials!! 💜💜
I like tutorials better. I could watch makeup tips and tutorials back to back
He deserves more than 3k subscribers
everyone talking shit in the comments is still giving him views so keep it comin💸💸💸
Kill him with fire!!! Nvm, God has it covered :)
Why can't people just be fucking normal?
Your fucking gay  👬👬👬👬👬👬👬
Why is this video not available to me?
I DON'T THINK THE OLD TAYLOR IS DEAD AFTER WATCHING THIS!
I love that even though her new album makes it seem like the old Taylor is completely gone, when you watch her creating her videos and talking behind the scenes she's still the same old Taylor we know and love❤️
I can't see it it says the video is unavailable
Did you guys actually think she wasn't going to be her goofy, adorable self anymore? C'mon people, you can't put out that fire.
They actually added the music video......
On camera she looks so serious but off camera she's just,\n\n\nTalking to a hamster likes it's a real person?!
WHY YOU GOTTA BLOCK YOUR VIDEOS ON MOBILE, TAYLOR?
I wish I was the mouse xD
I love how she came up with the idea of sending the mouse into a training. LOL
Did anyone notice the snake on  her upper right leg in the cage scene?
0:39 or Three times Thirteen seconds in. ... This is why we adore Tay-Tay so much, and now she has a new little friend. The next magic multiple of 13, is 91, the first pseudo-prime, because it looks like a prime, but is not. it is 130 - 39 or 7 x 13. then after that is 169 or 13 x 13. one of the Magic Squares. One, & One are the first two squares, next is Two times Two, then Tree time Three, Five times Five, Eight times Eight, and next Thirteen times Thirteen. 0 + 1 = 1, 1 + 1 = 2,  1 +2 = 3 etc. 0,, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144.... The Harmonic Series, sometimes called Fibonacci Series. When a plucked string is divided by this Golden Ratio 55:89 or 89:144, etc. Called Phi. in Greek Numerology. Both strings resonate in musical harmony.... All of life is related to Phi.
bc EVER put the music video??????? is INECESARY
The mouse and taylor <3
Why do we have to rewatch the whole music video everytime? is it some kind of brainwashing?
that hamster and Taylor form the cutest couple ever\nlike if you agree
awww.. that is an adorable cat.. i mean rat
I'm confused... Why did they upload the whole video again? And not just the behind the scenes??
she is the queen of snake, but she don't eat mouse . she is in the next level :0
Love you taylor 😘😘 you are amazing 😍😍😍
Why the hell do they keep putting the music video in the BTS???
By way, why they put the music video after behind the scenes of LWYMMD of the birdcage?
WAIT THERE'S AN ACTUAL MOUSE IN THE VIDEO?????
The more you ask for your soul the cheaper you look.  Nice bird cage.  You are a canarie.
she touch a rat
How does Jacksfilms have more subscribers than Taylor Swift?
Taylor is so cute with the mouse ♥
Goshh this video is not available in our country! Ghaaaad
I never realized the mouse
Who's this scene about? The giant birdcage reminds me of Miley's Can't be Tamed, but idk 🤔
I love taylor swfit so mush ♥♥ I love your voice
We need a Taylor Swift training facility for mice lol
Why can't I see the video😢😢😢
why was there a mouse
That's why I love Taylor, she's beautiful, talented and loves animals
WHY ARE ALL OF THESE UNAVAILABLE IN MY COUNTRY?
The part were she was with the hampster 😂😍
i didn't even realize there is a small rat in this song until i saw this vid.
It's not available in Malaysia 😭💔
+1 for the rat and training center :-)
We're gonna have to send you to a training facility Taylor to cute rat - 2017
I didn't notice the mouse until I saw Tay petting it xD
for some reason the video is not available in other countries 😭
...Ready for it part haha
The lyrics for Taylor swinging in a Gilded Cage don't make sense:  You asked me for a place to sleep/Locked me out/ Then threw a   feast.   WHAT!?!     STILL haven't seen an explanation  anywhere.    Any Theories? .....  Anyone?
Why it says This video is not available?!
taylor: old taylor is dead\nalso taylor: your eyes are closing like my cats do
ITS IN EVERY SINGLE BEHIND THE SCENES, she play the ENTIRE music video in them... I hate this.
wtf why they played the video over and over again
So, they made several clips so that they can get more ad revenue, and put the song at the end of each clip so that the video can be long enough to get enough ad revenue?
literally uuugh~ Um. I'm great. I'm good. \n.\n.\n.\nWELL TAYLOR WE'RE BEYOND GREAT RN WITH THESE BTS THANK YOU SO MUCH
Miley Cyrus Party in the USA inspired?
Taylor and Katy finally made up. I love how she featured her in the video!
I AM IN LOVE
The new Taylor might be really weird, but she still loves animals 😍
This video is not available :( whyyyy
This was my favorite part of the music video
how to make more money = Put  different parts of behind the scenes
Now I'm looking for the mouse.\n\nTHERE'S REALLY A MOUSE THERE!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂\n\nSo adorable!!!!
not available 😢😢😭😭😭😭😭 im literally crying right now
i dont care what people are saying \ni still fucking love her
why the video is down why?!
I cant see it
Damn Taylor., how many more  bird  cages bathtub  screen shots,etc, do you singers have to do. what does that have to do with singing?  or music everyone knows it is  part of that fake illuminati crap. if these second city scam a dollar artist were really illuminati., they wouldn`t be copying the same old bird  cage/bath tub scenes.they would be enlightened enough [thus illuminati~enlightened ones], that they would come up with something new. But the sad part is. With your industries misguided music these days,  artist  have lost a complete generation of listeners., TODAYS GENERATION LISTENS TO OLD MUSIC ON [LP] LONG PLAYING  RECORDS , BECAUSE THEY DON`T  WANT TO LISTEN TO THIS SAME OLE ,SAME OLE CRAP ANYMORE.And the sad part is no one in the entertainment industry is getting it., not even you Taylor. you used to be a singer/ musician. not part of this retarded hollywood circus. Is every Song about halloween to youpeople, 365 days of the year? you would think someone making money and famous , would have something sometimes happy to sing about.hunh?
What does the birdcage represent?
she manages to pull this off so level headed. genius.
why i cant watch it? can someone tell
wow, I never noticed the little rodent before!
when the old Taylor is still alive behind the scenes
why do they keep putting the whole music video in these vids??
Great! It's gone
When Taylor whispers to the mouse that her cats would totally try to murder him.\nYup, that's what cats do. \nOlivia might have a guilty conscience but hardcore Meredith would pull out her tommy gun and kill 20 mice without blinking an eye. She's a trained killer that Meredith
Lmao I really wanna know if she took the rodent home now!!
I heard that the bird cage is representing something satanic. Is it?
This was my personal favorite scene like LOOK AT THOSE BOOOOOOTS
If you look at her hands when she was petting the hamster, you know she always pets her cats :p
*i just covered the worst cover of charlie puth - attention on my channel, don't check it out. thank youu*
Does this remind anybody of Miley's I Can't Be Tamed?
é sério que o taylor nation barrou a própria taylor?????
Sia wants her birdcage back!!
still petty
No disponible :s
I DIDNT NOTICE THAT MOUSE!
Una copia descarada de Rumors de Lindsay Lohan 😡
the rat tho Omg so cute
Ur really amazing taylor
0:39 Adorable! Aww!
YESSSS 13K :)))
0:39 to 1:10 haha.\nSo cute omg.
I hate rats!
woow,i love taylor coz shes crazy.\nshe is so good at cuddling,mouse eater hahaha kidding
Crap music
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1710358122329872&id=100000671014354
gotta learn mouse-fu
anyone before 1million?
Too Short!!!!!
Dona algo$$ para tus fans mexicanos
Em không xem được!  huhuhu
This is Taylor's personal page and you are only able to watch her videos on a laptop or a tablet. So no  phones sorry everyone. But lucky me in Australia I can watch on my laptop so good luck everyone.
Am I the only one who can't watch it?! 😭😭
I am SOOO LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS FILM :)!!!
I thought the trailer looked straight to videoish and kinda boring.
Looked like shit is probably going to be shit wont be watching that shit.
Basically, Alicia Vikander and possibly the rest of the cast deserve better than the writing, direction and tone that the movie might have as a whole. The photos and posters seemed to promise a dark and gritty atmosphere that the reboot games delivered. But then the trailer comes out and it's like the late 90s again. \n\nAlso, this whole Angelina Jolie thing...why is she being brought up in so many comments? Is everyone making fun of the fact that certain people pretend to love older versions of movies or some shit? That's like, Man, Ben Affleck will always be Daredevil. I'm not feeling this Netflix series.\n\nTotally different dimension guys.
Most of the scenes from the trailer match the new video game that came out a while back
Jeremy has puppies!!! So cute... oh and the video review was good, but. Still puppies!
Conclusion: you should have reviewed the Punisher trailer.\nNext time, trust your instincts, grasshopper!
i felt in love you said your dogs name, gypsy danger! jajajajaja
I don't think she's a good pick at all for Lara
I have the same T-shirt! And I know everyone here wanted to know that =)
STOP WITH THE JUMP-CUTS! THEYRE NOT HELPING YOUR VIDEO! THEYRE TAKING AWAY FROM IT!
You named your dogs Gypsy and Danger? That's fucking awesome!
It's just a trailer dude. Watch the featurette instead, it's better.
Jeremy you are spot on with this trailer a solid meh
I like the shirt you wearing. Really I like it.
Your comment about your dogs shitting when you are not home......I know that struggle.  8 year old dopey Lab here.
Its a video game movie they are all terrible so who cares.
How was this even a trailer review, you were basically talking about your dogs...
I'm cautiously optimistic about this movie.
Of course she is the shit, Mcnulty is her father.
I'm with ya Jeremy
Tbh ...I was hoping you do punisher trailer review looks awesome .. but again tbh it does honestly looks good
I lost all cognitive thought the moment he mentioned Gypsy and Danger.
This role seems below Alicia at this point in her career.
damn! this review is deep!
I could see it being a high point for videogame movies\nBut that's a high of like, 7/10 at best
I just feel like the movie will be rushed... in the Tomb Raider game reboot, the first game was essential her being dropped in an unknown world and discovering shit while still being talented in survival. It would be nice if this Tomb Raider was survival based and focus a ton on Lara instead of the side characters.
I wanted to see the innocent fragile girl who almost cried having to kill an animal for food Origin Story... oh wait she's already THE Tomb Raider...
I'm just going to say it.  Love the holodeck shirt!
It looks decent I will wait to see more of it
You're preaching to the choir here Jeremy.
Nigga if people do what you do in regards to videogame movies then nobody would've seen Batman Begins. The trailer was shit, let's be honest. And by that time Superhero movies had gone the way of Shaft. I'm not saying Tomb Raider will be good, in fact, I now it will be shit, but give me a break, man.
You know what would have been a better film? Two games in one...Nathan Drake and Lara Croft go on an adventure! This film looking terrible and Lara looks bored.
I liked Vikander in Ex Machina and she is a good actress for the reboot Lara. But the trailer looks like a 90ies movie to me with all the bad greenscreen and general cheesiness. The music was especially bad, so for me the trailer did nothing - except that it was good to see some Frost again.
Trailer didnt catch me and i did not buy Vikander as Lara Croft. Definately not the badass Lara from the old games and still not the just growing into adventure Lara Croft from the new games. She is just a well trained good looking but skinny girl in the jungle. With guns. Does not feel like Tomb Raider at all. Trailer has no soul to me. I dont believe in this movie. I hope im wrong.
Wait Richard Croft is alive in this?
Jeremy your shirt is awesome and so is your dogs names!
I think the main problem with the trailer is its editing. \nThere is no way that clip at the end of the trailer where she is buying guns ins't from the end of the movie.
One question.. why her ?\nShe is the definite opposite of a badass
You could make a legit Far Cry 3 movie.. That story was awesome
You know what you can do J? Why not review Tomb Raider (2013) and Rise of the Tomb Raider?
Looked like a straight Blu-Ray trailer
looks horrible the game has better CGI and cost less to make lol
I totally agree, just play the damn game! You'll have more fun! I feel sad about Alicia Vikander, I mean, yeah she will probably get money and all but being in a movie of a videogame will probably hurt her career.
The trailer looks pretty good.
No one can Lara Croft like Angelina Jolie. She was perfect. This actress looks like Lara Croft the early years and I can accept that.
I never look forward to VG movies but if they was to announce a God of War movie, I’d lose my shit
I hope they let her learn how to be the Tomb Raider. If she come out whipping the floor with people then ima be pissed. I feel like she will have very little to learn about survival.
Review the new punisher trailer please!
am I the only one that doesn't like the actor who's playing Lara Croft because she's doesn't look like in the video game in 2015 and the old games?
My expectations are zero but I'm hopeful
LOVE the names of those dogs! ;-)
What did JJ think of the Halo films, 3 of which made it to DVD?
As someone who doesn't play video games newer than N64, I actually enjoy about 65% of the video game movies that come out.
To quote Garrus Vakarian: I like to expect the worst. There's always a small chance I'll be pleasantly surprised
It looked like shit. I don't want any movie to be shit and hope am proven wrong like Wonder Woman, but sometimes you can't help but say like it's bad from the trailer.
Thing about videogame movies is, that they mostly just pick the easy, uninteresting ones. Like wtf is special about Tomb Raider, its Indianna Jones, but with a girl. I bet they are gonna record Uncharted too at some point. The only interesting videogame movie was Warcraft, because thats an original world, and despite its flaws, I still like that movie.
I'm trying to NOT have expectations. This works in real life, too. I do it all the time. Nothing will ever go right. Then when it does, boom! I love the crap outta Tomb Raider. One of my favorite games. I can not tell you how many times I've played the original game. I was 12 when that game came out. I definitely wanna see this. But I'm probably going to be cringing the entire time. Who knows! Maybe it'll be another guilty pleasure movie like the ridiculous RE films.
Dog shit! I expected a top class movie for tomb raider.....so disappointed. And i wanted to see her grow and become the tomb raider but clearly thats too hard for the producers.
Why do they keep picking games with cookie cutter stories? tomb raider is JUST indiana jones. STOP. Legacy of kain, Planescape Torment, GOD DAMN
Any one else reminded of the iron fist trailer or was it just me.
The first Jolie one was perfectly stupid.
I'm glad you touched on it, Jeremy, but it's really bothering me that they're leaning so heavily on the reboot for tone and visuals, but seemingly the plot is Lara Croft going on an adventure to save the world as opposed to Lara Croft going to explore some neat ruins or something and suddenly having to fight for her life.\n\nLike, that was a big draw of the story and tone of the reboot game. Lara obviously had some skills in survival and whatnot, but we got to see her pushed (at least partially) into becoming the badass who goes looking for danger.
Anyone else watch his review of the trailer before watching the actual trailer ??
More of your dogs
He went philosophical on this one
First Wonder Woman now this anorexic bitch.
speaking of trailers..what about the punisher trailer?
Jeremy - Review The Shawshank Redemption, for fuck's sake.
I think it's a good idea to do reviews for trailers. So we know how to think when we see a trailer
say what you want about the original tomb raider movies but they were fun guilty pleasures. angelina jolie is lara croft to me. not this actress. she had the wit, charisma, charm of lara. alicia doesn't do it for me.
I wasn't impressed with the trailer. Not sure why, it just doesn't look like it'll be very entertaining. I'll wait for a few more trailers before I pass a final judgement.
Yeah this looks like hot garbage.
It's gonna suck. That's what game movies do best.
agree, looks s**t
At what point will the entertainment industry realize that video game TV adaptations are the better way to go, critically speaking? The first season of Netflix Castlevania was awesome and incredibly promising, Sonic Boom got very enjoyable by the end of season 2, and the Pokémon TV show is...well, I don't know if it's still on the air, but it definitely has its appeal. So I say we stop making video game movies and just start making video game TV shows instead. I for one would happily welcome a Bioshock TV show
Thanks for going philosophical on us Jeremy! Great message!
The best part was 3:15
It looks straight up awful.  The plot set up with her father asking her to basically go get herself killed to save the world from a Mcguffin . . . That sounds atrocious.
I'm totally with Jeremy on this one.  Saw the trailer, even left a comment.  Where the hell is the survivor aspect?  The point of the reboot of the game in 2013 was to start Lara fresh as just an athletic student who wants to follow her father's footstep because she believed that her dad wasn't crazy like the world said, and she's out looking for what her father has seen.  She didn't go out to there because her dad ask her to stop the bad guys!
2:04-2:13 Did the guy who's bent over to every MCU film & Star Wars cash grab just say that. Smfh
It looks awful. The Tomb Raider reboot is one of my favorite games. They changed Lara for the better, in my humble opinion. She started out that game as a normal woman and ended it as the ultimate survivor. And it was awesome seeing that change happen progressively, and I was really hoping that was the tone they were going for. But no, it looks like they had someone look at a supercut on YouTube of various badass moments from the game and built a script around that. I don't understand it. When Hollywood wants to make a good book adaptation, they look at what made the book great, and build the script around that. Changing what they have to, but if it ends up well, it keeps the spirit of that book while turning out a good movie. Same with comics, older tv shows, etc. But for some reason, they don't think they have to put as much effort when making movies based on video games and anime and I don't get why.
Dissapointed, typical big bad group destroy world, only you can stop them Like how do they expect that to be thrilling to the viewer? we've seen it done a billion times and especially when there's next to no world building why should we care so much? Maybe one day scriptwriters will realise scale isn't everything. Although i expect the action to be good
Wow, the behind the scenes trailer is SO MUCH BETTER at most any level than this one that it doesn't even makes sense they would go with the one they went.
The studios are like your dogs. We think they've learned not to shit on the carpet, but they do it when we aren't looking.
It looks OK. To me this movie, in order to be good, should take a different approach and really focus on character, and the mythology. Let us get to know HER. Make her somebody we want to root for. That makes the action sequences work, when you put the character that we care about in peril. If it's just all bullshit one-liners and one cartoon physics action sequence after another, then it'll suck.
its was jus meh :/
That shirt. <3
Gypsy and Danger, nice Pacific Rim allusion.
Dude, best shirt ever.
I would gladly be dumber than two digs call gypsey and danger. Just sayin
Love your dogs dude
Looks average at best
OMG...more pics of your puppos please! 😃
stop makinf video games movies point done
hi
pattern recognition lol, <3 JJ
Nicely said brother lmfao
Cute dogs
Gipsy Danger!
Your jacket!!😍
What am I going to be for Halloween?  The same thing I was last year.\nDrunk.
eh. - you can tell when you don't really DONT want to do a stream of consciousness video --- what's your favorite type of video to do?
Its Kristen Mac-Ah-Tee
I love the stream of consciousness videos because it just feels like listening to a good friend blabble abouy blabble which is very comforting in an empty house 👍
im coming out on halloween - going as the babadook
that's moment ay tail you should
I cannot escape the shit
Tell us Gracie. How about grass is green, water is wet, air is very light,  sky is blue. O, and finally, you are a mental midget.
I listen to Not Too Deep when I walk home from work. Excellent use of my time if I do say so myself!
Just realised my birthday is near too! And it's the same date as yours lol
First time watcher. Fyi-I thought you had grabbed an infant, but turns out, I think it was your knee, lol. Enjoyed this! Cya.
*your thing should be called The Face*
Celebrating Halloweekend!! and I plan to be Cruella Deville, Daphne Blake, and a dead
Reminded me a little of the good ol' DailyGrace vids. Ah, nostalgia.
Hey grace, can you please get a better mic for your videos? I feel like I'm watching an ASMR video I didn't ask for. Thank you.
I’m going to be Wonder Woman for halloween!
did she say patrick hall ???
Bats don’t want your hair. They want the flies (and mosquitos, and other bugs) buzzing around your hair. They’re basically dive bombing the bad things around you like little, flying superheroes.
I gave this a thumbs up just because I thought it was sweet to give Gabby a shoutout
You need to do a tour of your place too.
Tbh these are my favorite types of videos you're just naturally funny
I've never seen one of these videos before but they are so cool!!!
stream of consciousness please tell us more about goose!
30 seconds into the video and I'm already loving it! You're so funny, Grace!
it's not me tickling your taint thanks Grace I wanted to keep that mouthful of water not spit it all over my PC
Isn't anyone concerned about that 0:03 moment when she said OUR house?! Did i miss something? Is she living with mamery? Some guy? I want awnsers!
Are you related to McGuyver? ..............?
I'm dressing as Veronica Sawyer
For Halloween I'm gonna be something REAL slutty
The only problem with getting Adultolescence on audiobook is you miss out on all the fantastic illustrations Gabbie did for the book! Getcha hands on it if you can. I work for my county's library system and we got a handful of copies in. If you can't afford to buy the book check your library!
I'm being totoro for Halloween ^^
Grace! You are beautiful inside and out! Accept it ladybug 🐞
Was she on the walking dead? That girl named Jessie I think....
I do not know Which was said such a thing to the elderly
I'm gonna be diarrhea for Halloween. jk. 😂😂😂😂
Speaking of stream of conciousness, can you read a couple of random pages from Ulysses? I think I'd be able to understand it better with you as a narrator. Or maybe not. You should still do that though.
just play the youtube provided background music and everything will be ok. Jesus, please save us from these typical videos youtube puts on the trending page.
Yeah Polictics still ain't that great lol. I swear they are bunch of illiterates. I mean I just move on to, kind of not to put in as well... like daca is caca. See? really not worth the time. Back and forth coded insults, they are really a bunch of cowards. Not worth the time :)
Did you know that you forgot to finish putting eyeliner on the bottom of your eyes? They look kind of funny.
Do you like to eat pizza  if you buy a mixer you can make your own\nPlease do a live webcast-this is real life and you are amazing.
What did we do to deserve Grace? Life is betterer with her vids in it.
Is that a shirt on the gabbie show 1:55 or is that her chest? Why does it not match her face?
Just talk Grace. I'll listen
I'm thinking about being the Winter Soldier again this halloween
me and my boyfriend are being luke and lorelai
I remember when you started doing stream of consciousness videos on your dailygrace channel, I actually remember the very first one called stream of conshhhhsness.\n\nAlso, WHERE DID YOU GET THAT WHITE HOODIE?
I honestly don't understand what this video has to be on the Trending page.
a very nice video
I listen to your podcast so much I remember parts of some of them by heart and it's sad
I just like the way your mind works. I find it comforting that someone else's mind works a little like mine.
I do need a vacation dad. Are you free this weekend?
Here's my director cosplay: Goose get out of my frame. Goose. GOOSE GOD DAMNIT!!!
Others are back in school meanwhile my school holidays just started
You should not use q-tips in your ear holes.
keanu Reeves is 53. wow I'm definitely a pervert coz im only 25 and hv been crushing on him since 14.
Grace your makeup is fucking on point
yes grace, I am having a sucky time in school. Butttt im watching this so how bad could it actually be?
Your dad lied to you, Grace. I'm so sorry. The bats were swooping to eat insects around you / the pool. They don't want human hair and they have excellent flying and echolocation skills so they won't fly into your hair by accident! #freeallbats #batdefense
Bats do not make nests, from hair or otherwise. Your dad was either messing with you or not aware of this. The bats swooping towards the pool were probably swooping at insects that were hovering near the water. ... Bats are awesome, and it makes me sad when people are afraid of them. TAT
Well, stream of consciousness videos are great, because you always manage to subtly drop little philosophical thoughts and insights inbetween. And great jokes of course.
Actually those bat are just thirsty. They swoop down as close to the water as possible to get the fur on their chest wet then they fly to their roost and lap the water off their fur! It's how they drink. I don't think that bats would try to get your hair...lol! XD
For some reason when you said Keanu Reeves is 63 I pictured Shia Labeouf, and that really would be life changing! (but obviously he isn't hahaha)
Im going to be a slut for halloween.
im going as wednesday addams and my friend is going as morticia ayyyyy
Have you microbladed those babies? They on fleek!
Bats dont build nests, and never did or will. I am french
I'm gonna be a BAT for halloween ( watch out for your hair Grace, moahahahaha)
I kept hearing ass burgers love it Grace
I'm going to be Stewart from planet of the apes!
I love that audible is easier than reading while driving... sometimes... just saying
I have a feeling she's the same gabbie as she was on Vine... In that case. No thank you.
6 minute video and 4 minutes of it was plugs..
Found out just yesterday my birthday is the same as Himmler's, after saying, you know that asshole is probably a Libra.
Does she admit that she clickbaits?
oh shit i just made you click...
Dear Future Grace,\n\nI'm not sure if you're aware, but it appears the ghost of John Belushi may have sneezed cocaine into your tear ducts... or you have oddly placed eye shadow/eye liner... either way, love your content!
Kylie Jenner is pregnant?
because it's authentic. At least it's expected to be.
Did you know that Lindsay Sterling is on dancing with the stars
Wtf is this on trending
Wow this #38 on trending
Luscious
Aww she shouted out David dobrik christen gabble show and wear zayns merch. Such a cutie love u
im gonna be miranda cosgrove for halloween
I❤️streamOfConscVids
(Jumps from counter) (insert Idubbs meme)
Weweweeewew ☝️☝ Alayna Fenderr Reference
Tickling ur taint
Zane merch❤❤
Cute
i kept hearing ASS BURGERS
🐽
I just came here to say Fuck Meghan Rienks and Grace Helbig;) didn't watch the video;)
i swear at 4:30 grace's knee was a baby's head
Chemistry is slowly killing me is it ok if I fail?
‘Somethings I should tell you’ \nMy brain:\nShe’s going on holiday\nShe’s got a boyfriend\nShe’s got a girlfriend \nShe’s got a new dog\nShe’s got a new friend\nShe’s got a new dog that’s her friend\nShe’s gay\nShe’s bi\nshe’s dead\nShe’s dying...very slowly\nShe’s alive still\nThat sounded mean sorry\nShe’s a mum\nShe’s a dad\nShe’s going full on Daenerys and sleeping with her nephew\nOk I’m done
Grace:  your Very Hot!  You should do your videos Naked.  Why do you have all that stupid clothing on?   Yes many girls will be jealous and unsubscribe.  But think of all the new male subscribers!!
Wait, so this video was stream of conscious? Then what are the rest of your videos???
any small youtubers wanna support eachother
Guys, carnages necklace lights up when the melody is on and young thugs is on when he raps
Peeps! If you like the flow in this, I promise you’ll love my channel! It features one of the greatest undiscovered rapper out there spitting str8 fire!… Check it out and subscribe!
I'm here within days 😎😎\n#YOUNGTHUGGGGGGGGGEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRR
that second verse is from another planet
Here’s the lyrics to the full song https://youtu.be/ireEPjzXYqc
These dancers from the uk🇬🇧 are a danger,watch how they kill the Young Thug & Carnage: Young Martha “Liger” Track👀\n\nLink Here⬇️\nhttps://youtu.be/f_aE9_YLe30
On my gun if Im lying it can jam
[Intro]\nI wet 'em up and then it rain, their blood, it rinsed off\nThugger\nCarnage, what it do, nigga?\nLet's turn up\n\n[Chorus]\nI tell the bitch sit on that dope, yeah that's my kinfolk's\nWe got the bricks, I got the bitches for the upper load\nWe wet 'em up and then it rain, their blood, it rinsed off\nLil' mama foreign and exotic, suck my skin off\nI bought a Rollie', but I coulda bought a Viper, ayy\nEverybody got tigers, so I wanna go get a liger, ayy\nI'm so different from these niggas, I won't be like 'em (swear to God, ayy)\n\n[Verse 1]\nUh, I bought a Bentley, then I went and chopped the top off\nI got a bad bitch inside and I'm gettin' topped off\nI got a foreign 'Rari, then I cut the top off\nI put these pebbles in the meat and knock the taco off\nA pussy nigga better stop playin' with Slime boss\nYou pussy niggas fuck around, have me behind the wall\nI swear to God, I can't wait to go with my fuckin' bros\nI know he miss me and I miss him, and that's worth the long\nI got some big guns pointed at it on\nLouis V armor fatigue, but it's camo', though (get it, ayy)\nShe smokin' loud like a high note\nI just wanna put my D on your cameltoe (let's do it)\nI know they told you don't play with these fuckin' folks (ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)\nYou gon' end up in somebody mothafuckin' moat\nBlue diamonds, water like South Beach, oh yeah, you can pour\nOh yeah, I'm rich, oh, I don't gotta vote, fuck you\n\n[Chorus]\nI tell the bitch sit on that dope, yeah that's my kinfolk's\nWe got the bricks, I got the bitches for the upper load\nWe wet 'em up and then it rain, their blood, it rinsed off\nLil' mama foreign and exotic, suck my skin off\nI bought a Rollie', but I coulda bought a Viper, ayy\nEverybody got tigers, so I wanna go get a liger, ayy\nI'm so different from these niggas, I won't be like 'em (fuck 'em all, ayy, swear to God, nigga)\nThugger\n\n[Verse 2]\nCash talk, baby, I want acres all in Vegas\nI got bitches wanna fuck me all around the equator\nI'm global, bitch, I'm global, yeah, I am not your neighbor\nNo longer, yeah, all my cribs sit on hundreds of acres\nBitch, I promise, swear to God, on my mom, on my daughters\nOn my son, on my mothafuckin' gun\nIf I'm lyin', make it jam while I'm tryna fuckin' blam\nOld bitch, hi, there, ma'am, suck me loose in Guwop's Lamb'\nSuck my top off, yeah\nBitch, I'm rich, this ain't luck\nBitch, I'm climbin', why you stuck?\nBitch, I'm yammin', in your guts\nUncle Sam, mothafuck him\nI ain't payin' him, nigga, what?\nYeah, I got right with God, I know he gon' keep me up\n \n\n[Chorus]\nI tell the bitch sit on that dope, yeah that's my kinfolk's\nWe got the bricks, I got the bitches for the upper load\nWe wet 'em up and then it rain, their blood, it rinsed off\nLil' mama foreign and exotic, suck my skin off\nI bought a Rollie', but I coulda bought a Viper, ayy\nEverybody got tigers, so I wanna go get a liger, ayy\nI'm so different from these niggas, I won't be like 'em (fuck 'em all, ayy, swear to God, nigga)\nThugger
I thought I was tripping but i see the diamonds dancing to the beat
CMONNNNNNNNN THUGGAAAAA lessgo
I'M RICH I DON'T GOTTA VOTE. I'm dead lol. this whole song fire. beat, thug's flow. amazing
LEGENDz
More fire than a weed dispensary in Vancouver, Canada
Thugger back with the heat 🔥🔥
you had me worried there for a bit thugger but I knew you would come back
Thugger be on some heat
THUGGER
i remember when  everyone hated thugger and called him a fag. his whole career has been exceptional and this is no different
Young Thug is dope but let's take a sec and show some appreciation to my mans CARNAGE, sick beat!!!
Every release is a different Thug. You've never got the same Thug from project to project. It's evolving as an artist. Thug wants pop numbers with hood respect. Simple as that.
my nigga thug can't be stopped by no rapper he cant make bad music even if he try the shit still gonna be fire BC he is the fuckin GOAT forever fuck Lil Wayne
I'm rich so I don't got to vote. Fuck you. That line hit me so hard for some reason
Yo thugga killed it again 🙌🏻 big up!! Keep'em good music comin yei! Been waiting on this from so long! You finally delivered!! #Respek thugga The G.O.A.T 💯💯
Everyone has a tiger i went to get a LIGER 🐯 🦁
What the hell are they saying?  It doesn't make sense.  Their rap never match the title.  WTF!
this one the best one on the EP tbh
I'm rich hoe ,I don't gotta vote .... ewwwwweeee
Best song on the album
Remember when niggas was hatin on Thug back when he came out with Lifestyle? Where the haters at now haha 😂
I remember years ago when people would say thug was whack and wouldn't be nothing. Now look at him hahaha
THIS BEAT IS FUCKING INSANE
im a simple man.. i see new thugger i click video
I LOVE YOU JEFFERY, Your music I pure enchantment to the ears baby🐍🔥
my profile pic is accurate
*B R A S I L* 🇧🇷
This is (l)it !🔥🔥🔥
Who else is subscribe to perfectlaughs
FA ALL YALL THAT THOUGHT TUG WAS GONE!!🔥🔥🔥
This beat es like a shoot in my head 💀☠💯🤘💣💥🎼🔫
Hell yeah
I love it
Em fuckin church keys 🔥🔥😲
Mano, que Beat é esse pqp 🔥🔥🔥🔥
errbody got tiger so ima get liger
Hey dad it's hitler we're are you
Fuck I heard a beat like this before or something really similar 🤔 anyone else know or got that feeling. Still 🔥
🔥🔥 Venezuela 🇻🇪
https://www.spinrilla.com/mixtapes/yayo2dope-who-tf-is-yayo 🉐
Fucking lit!!
You Know the Drill Slime-\n0. Drake\n1. Thugger\n2. Kendrick Lamar \n3. Slim Jesus\n4. Lil Wayne \n5. Famous Dex\n5. Kodak Black \n6. Nicki Minaj \n7. Lil Uzi Vert\n8. 21 Savage\n9. Cardi B
Subscribe To My YouTube
tun tunna tun tun tun tun!!!!!!
Brook link add me
This good
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Here before going MUTHEFUCKIN VIRAL
This shit lit af
Nice
Young Thug is never gon lose!
Yo Check This Out \n\n\nhttps://youtu.be/qyVqYts4vCM
finally!!
😈🔥🔥🔥🔥
Пиздец,сильно зашла
thug back boi..!!! damn!!
Here b4 a Milli little bitty bit
Esse é o young thug que conheço coroooi
🤒🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
melhor notificação de hoje
Fire af
he back
who want the clean version subcribe sliiimmmeee
The Goat back
GANG GANG ITS LITTY
blingin blingin
https://youtu.be/3WKGw6Pd51A
Here b4 200, 000
Perfect collaboration
Thanks for sharing Thugga!
Love Thugger
Young thug back 🔥
Вообще заебись!🌛🌜
🔥🔥🔥🔥👍🏾👆🏾thugger rarely disappoints 💁🏾
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T8uBWY2qMA&feature=youtu.be
At 1:08 best moment 🔥🔥
Thug da MF Goat U dig! 🕵️‍♂️
cadê os tuga?
sick beat
ya des fucking francais qui ecoute ca
SliiiiiiiiiimE 🦁
Thugga is back
Been waitin foe this 🔥🔥🔥
MÚSICA DE PANAMÁ EN SPOTIFY\n►Top 50 Panamá► http://spoti.fi/2pNX4e5\n►Clásicos Del Típico Panameño► http://spoti.fi/2vaiD9l\n►Trap & Reggae Panamá► http://bit.ly/TrapYReggae
best beat ever
Быстр клип таггер)
1:35
Lol they necklace was shining
Come to Brazil
So fucking heat
Rap for Down syndrome niggas
Quem é de Angola deixa um like aqui..
Damnt!!!!!! I cried
Who cut the freakin onions!!😭😭This short film was amazing, saw myself in a few parts that I've overcame and still overcoming!
i love this woman
I need a real life Jhene Aiko in my life
This is artistry on a different level. Good job Jhene.
I felt this in my soul. Definitely made me cry. The reflection, the inspiration. Thank you jhene
Okay I love this great story great meaning great
a lot of women look to their brothers to fulfill them 100% n all areas a man is supposed to . but thats where u mess up u cant reply on ur brother to satisfy u n c ok complete u the way u lk for a someone as ur man or husband too !! some women need to understand a brother is only ur brother not a soul mate!
i'm dante literally hell  bih run
“How am I supposed to live without you”, she said. He said, “by letting me go”. That shit hit hard
This dude is way too close for comfort. Good lord 😑😃
WHO PUT THE ONIONS HERE
Jhene just took me on a trip, this was dope. What a visionary!
amazing visual jhene!! you made my cry with this
My brother passed away when i was 17, he was 19. I am 19 now & life is truly so weird without him physically.. i love this so fucking much.. i love you jhene this helps me so much..
She takes me away from my comfort zone every time
This is exactly how I feel about my father. He was my best friend and some days the pain is unbearable 🙍🏾
why main dude gotta be white? come aiko #blacklove #blaclpower , i anticipated this album had to skip through sections where they met + fell inlove total turn off.
This totally has me in tears😩
So happy girls like this still exist.
She always speaks to my soul. Fan since 2003.💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
lost my sister and man this brought back some pretty heavy memories ...when she asked him how am I supposed to live without you tears automatically started falling...Jhene this is beautiful and healing for anyone who has lost someone very important to them.. Great job love!
Why are you so f'n amazing??? I'm steady telling ppl about you- they always actin like they don't know!  Man.....  they'll see..  for real. They'll see
i love her so much , she is one of the realest & most talented i ever seen . I love you Jhene ! Keep ya head up, your brother is surely proud!! Also she's so normal , and expresses her thoughts fr in this music. One of my inspirations !!
Ugh I love her so much you just feel some type of way listening to her music❤️❤️❤️
This made me cry 😩💙💙
Wish there was a love button.. just created a new playlist just for this. Love this
I cried like a baby, love you jhene you are a real beauty.
Such a truthful look into what internal pain feels like after loosing someone you love, the aftermath and the hope there is to keep going. \n\nLoved this. Although all your albums hurt my soul and its hard to listen to you, sometimes i need to.
Jhene took us on a feels trip.
I've been crying since the film started playing... Jeez Jhene, I felt your emotions that you've been trying to bring to life.I feel you girl. Everything that has happened has only made you stronger. Much love <3
I swear they be doing Jhene wrong every time she comes out with a visual. FIX THAT FILM STRIP ERROR ON THIS VIDEO!!!! *RE-UPLOAD*
the fact that i lost my oldest and only brother to cancer in 2000 and my dad passed away from cancer tuesday this short movie hit me hard. her album is absoultely beautiful and therapeutic for me:) me and my big brother were unseperable i never healed from his passing just dealth with the pain. Jhene is my spirit sistar:) lol #GreatVibesOnly
had me in tears.. thank you for this album and film
Awee her brother loves her so much she keeps him alive in her songs
Such a beautiful soul, I love you so much Jhene❤️
I broke down several times because I felt it , this is so moving and so real and so raw and relatable and just beautiful ...
This is so beautiful 😩💔
her ability to be so vulnerable in such a beautiful way is such an amazing gift that she has. miyagi is watching over you beautiful girl ❣️
This is a nice visual
Wow...Jhené you’ve created a masterpiece... this made me miss my Grandmother so much! Family is a difficult thing to get over once they are gone specially once you were so close, just hold onto the love they you in your heart! And they will never be forgotten! We love you Penny!
Barley 5 minutes in and I wasn't expecting to cry. 😢 I'm experiencing loss right now in my life from a relationship I was in for 6 years. I know it's not death but it feels similar to it. It's one of the hardest things I'm having to go through in a long, long time.
I needed this. Thanks for the trip, Penny.
You brought me back and in.. Somewhere deep within..\nWhere no lies fear near misery slightly apear..\nI felt free.. Self righteously what now, what now ya'll \nGrateful for what I now bestow \nI'm free.. Free <3 Thank you Darling for this beautiful gift of enlightenment.. Sending you much love all away from a little Island Called ARUBA DUSHI TERA <3 Xx
jhené has got to be thee most purest human. this legit made me cry.
This is why I love her as a artist. A beautiful soul!
I loved her from the start and I will continue loving Jhené for life. She has a beautiful soul and mind. I wish I could meet her. My life would be complete. I tried my best to grab the poem, they're at different time frames. please correct me if I made a mistake. enjoy,\n\n[POEM]\n[0:10-0:45] crazy\nhow i can stare\ninto empty space\nand see his smile\ncrystal clear as day\nI close my eyes\nand hear his voice\nI heard him say my name\nI haven't written anything good\nsince he left\n\n[6:15-6:34] because your smile\nit’s like my brothers\nyou're a cancer\nlike my brother\nyou’re handsome like my brother\nlove your mother\njust like my brother\n\n[8:35-9:04] the summer isn't the summer\nwithout my brother\nwe should be at Venice beach\nor the Observatory\nwalking [...] for nachos\nor 711 for slurpees\nbonfires\nscary movies\nremember the orange cat we found in the alley?\ni think he ran away.\n\n[9:44-10:21] Where did you go?\ndo I really have to grow up without you?\nam I really alive without you?\nare you in the stars?\nis there a God?\ndo you walk with him?\nis he a she?\nis she in me?\nwill we ever talk again?\nis it strange that I can't wait to meet my fate\njust to see your face again?\n\n[10:50-11:15] I am looking for a brothers love in every single man\nbut you’ll never see me like my brother did\nyou’ll never need me, like my brother did\ntheres a black hole in my soul\nit’s beginning to show\nthrough my dilated pupils\nbehind lids half closed.\nI thought that i’d be fine by now\nbut suffering doesn’t die \nit grows.\n\n[11:50-12:13] pretending to be perfect is perfectly fine \nfor all the individuals who are perfectly fine\nand grew up with money\nand never fell on hard times\nand had trust funds\nand too much fun with their full time dads\nI have never had it easy\nand fuck you if you don't believe me\nand fuck me for crying over spilled milk\nthat I never planned on drinking \n\n[20:28-21:11] i was a sunken ship\na drunken sip \nof something thick \nand then i took a trip\nthere was no captain\nbut you were my anchor \nthere were poisons and demons\nand rhymes with no reasons\nand strangers\nbut there was no danger\ngrampy named me Penny\nbut you taught me i was plenty\nand you taught me that to be complete\nthat you have to be empty \nand free from all the miseries\nand energies that handed me\nyou brought me to my inner peace\nyou taught me it was meant for me\nit ends how it begins, my friend\nuntil we meet again.\n\n-Jhené Aiko Efuru Chilombo
You are so talented, I loved this and thank you for making it real.... for bringing it all to reality. We're not alone in these feelings.
its came in such a bad time in my life, watching someone going through the same as me is so recovering. for real thank you so much
I lost the love of my life i know the pain  he passed away i miss him everyday 😟😢of my life\nThis is the storry of my life
The tears kept flowing....GOD bless Jhené and her bro! 😭😩
Thank you for this .. So inspirational
Idk why but this brought real life tears in my eyes😭 I haven't lost anyone close but this was so beautiful! I love you jhene keep doing what you're doing.
This was so relaxing to watch ahh were is the rest I love her soul
Such a powerful, soul bearing piece of art, well done Jhene!!! This deserves awards. Though-provoking, and vulnerable in its story telling, you can't help but to been sucked in the raw beauty of this piece. I was crying towards the end because it made me think the people I've lost in my life. My Grandmother in 2001 when I was 12, My former Pastor in 2014, and my birth mother in 2016. My Grandmother's death shook me to the core and I haven't been able to to get over it, I've moved on and got older but it still hurts because I was put in the system by my family shortly there after. I always felt like I've never had the chance to grieve, just go in and continue to not think too hard about it. I'm 28 and life has hit me like a tidal wave of depression, memories, pain, joy, sorrow, bouts of optimism, and dissipated dreams. I always continue to survive on looking for the silver lining. I relate so much to this because I recently took a trip to the Caribbean and I reflected on my life and I felt it awakened a positive, and beautiful side of me. Explore the world and find yourself.
couldn't feel more related after my big bro passed away over 2 years ago... Also to cancer. Been always a fan of Jhene but the more she create the more amazed I am by her and the process of healing. no matter how lucky you are and how much you win, there is always the other side which will never be fulfilled after a loss. it doesn't matter if it was a bf or a friend, loosing someone you love will never be easy. And it doesn't have to be. but we keep on going and growing strong with all these scars within. i simply adore how she express herself and all them emotions. and feel like, at least I'm not alone. cause when we hurt we don't expect everybody else to understand this ache but truth is, we do.
. Wow I just love her work I think I was crying out one eye at one point. I felt that so deep and I've never lost anyone that significant before. I love her curly hair too by the way. She's the best .
Just made me cry like a baby 😫 her visions and thoughts are everything ‼️💞
My tears, they flowed endlessly. This was beyond beautiful.
I have a really bad habit of constantly underestimating Jhené. I’ve been a fan of hers for a few years now and every time she creates something new I tell myself “this is her best yet” but she never ceases to amaze me. Jhené continues to outdo herself and is such an inspiration to me. She has this ability to make me relate to her like no other artist can, almost like an old friend. She’s become therapeutic to me in so many ways and I love her for that ❤️
Mannnnn my sister and I are so close that even the simple though of me losing her makes me sob so yeah this vid made me fucking cry my condolences to anyone who's lost a sibling, a best friend, a mother, a father just ughhhh 😥 Jhené what did you do to me ?
My heart was flipped upside down and it felt like all the emotions I felt left except the one I was given here, heartache, pain, I'm so sorry...
 it ends how it brings my friend , until we meet again  ❤️
She can help heal so many with this one short movie.! #beautiful
I love this it reminds me of my brother rip
So beautiful! I need like a whole film Jhene!
💛💛💛💛💛💛Loved every minute of this!
Shit this is deep
Jhené is back with her genius stories ❤️❤️\nShe made me cry cuz I thought about my uncle who passed ughhhhhh
This just spoke to my soul! Amazing!!!!
this has been my new reality since my dad passed in April of this year. Thank yo so much for allowing your art to heal parts of me thats hard to restore.
this was beautiful i lost my brother a few years back and feel a deep emptiness since i always ran from facing the fact that ill never see him again i find myself crying when im alone and seeing him in my dreams because i never let go 😢 this video i can relate to sooo much #formybrother #TRIP
This is so hard to watch...I keep crying. The hardest thing is dealing with the death of a loved one. My dad died from Pancreatic cancer and it was the hardest thing to witness. I still can't believe he's gone and I haven't been the same since.....just empty and sad....
im so in love with jhene aiko's spirit i bet she smells like baby wipes wow
Europeans always invading. 😂😂😂
beautiful
fresh,beautiful,simple & strong symbolism.
BIGG SEAN WYAAAA GET YO GIRL KISSING ALL THESE NIGGAS😂😂😂
where'd Dante go :|
Jhene Aiko is super talented 😍😍😍
Bihh, I wasn't ready 😭😭😍❤💖💖💝
Good job ❤️
Whoa.💖
Beautiful.\nThank you Jhené❤️
THIS DESERVES AN OSCAR
I'm Literally Crying
I cried like 20 times
Beautiful!
This was beautiful wow. Bravo!
I love this, Efuru!
LITERALLY SHEDDING TEARS
This absolutely beautiful 😥....
You are a Light Jhene Aiko. Keep shining.  #IndigoStarChild.
Omg Jhene is so adorable 😇
♡ love this film
absolutly beautiful, touching, thank you
WOW
WHO ELSE THINKS THIS DESERVES AN OSCAR? ✨❤
Thanku..
She's like sooo beautiful like WOW 😳😍😩😰😵❤️ she likes white men? 🤔 girlllll you don't know what your missing. Black men are like beautiful! 😍👀😲👅
thumbs up if you have no idea why lily is hitting everything but you love it anyway x
Thanks hun for dropping the stupid accent thing! \nMade your vlog 100 times better, I could really enjoy watching it.
I loved your last vlog, I laughed so much, fk what everyone else says
If they don;t understand your accent they aren't true subscribers, qqqq <3
I was in New York the exact days you guys were too and I wanted to meet you so so much but I couldn't find you 😭😭😭 I LOVEEEE your vlogs and I don't know who the f**k said the other vlog was annoying bc I freaking love it when you guys talk like that it's so hilarious!😂😂 can't wait to see your other vlogs and videos ! Love ya ❤️
no i fucking love the voice its so funny i love you and all your friends x q
The little boy falling!!!😭😂😩
That literally looks like fucken bindi, I'm over it - I have been laughing at this one line for like 5 minutes straight
I'm literally dying at the sound effects in this video
Lily is too funny 😹 I was just eating breakfast and that kid falling off his bike was too funny I nearly spat my food out
I legit watch these blogs for the accent \nIt's that's funny
Michael please don't stop doing that accent as well as the rest of you guys it's literally the funniest shit Iv heard in ages and it's what makes you guys you! Legit my whole group and I all speak like that now it's so hilarious and if people don't want to hear you guys being you then they can LUTTRALEY FUCK OFF LIKE A CUNDLE STUCK YUH 😂💓💘💕💞 ALSO LOVE YOU @makeupbymichaelfinch
What's the girls name on YouTube that was in the lift at the start? xx
Fuuuuuckkkkk some of the shit you say GENUINELY cracks me up!!!!! Bindi come here now to the squirrel lmfao and the fucking sound effects I'm done
The fuck is this shite.
WHAT???? who was hating on the little accent? why would they??  i literally die every time you guys do that!! i even got the hang of it and do it when im around friends LMFAOO
Lilly's lost the plot 😂😂😂
Does anyone know what is the story with Lily hitting everything?
'there's not much here' WHATTT I hope you looked at the statutes in Central Park like the Alice in Wonderland one?!! Love your vlogs guys :) <3
What’s the songs name ?
I love you in hats Michael, you should wear them more!! :)
The whole reason i loved the vlog was because of the accent DONT STOP IT PLSSS LMAO
Lily is actually the best
FRANK WALKER FROM NATIONAL TILESSSSSS...... I cannot breathe
your last vlog was good but yeah that talking yous did was really annoying ... glad this one is better xxx <3
Please make a complete haul of everything you have bought in America
Btw please NEVER stop adding sound affects, they are so funny
No way I love that accent is cracks me up every time, I'll have a shit day then I'll watch yours or theirs vlogs and it will instantly be better 😁
I LOVE THE WAY THEY TALK THOOO OMG 😭❤️
Nooo do the accents again they are the best
Are you gay or transgender?
haha when the fucking kid fell and micheal did the edit OMG I died
The little boy remix I'm dying 😭😂
I'm legit so offended they went to Applebee's for breakfast! 😂 AND they had to put actual effort into getting there! lol I can't.
I love the accent ❤️
these videos make me so happy
Nooooo I LOVE the accent it's sooooo funny!!!!
Oh a squirrel I've never seen these in person. Can you feed it? 😂
Fuck that! I think the voice you guys do is hilarious it always cracks me up
omg keep the accent its the best thing ever !!!!<3
i love the accent ! it was so funny. those sound effects of lilly hitting things lmao \n\n(ps can you please do a general haul and not just makeup? like everything you bought in general. over it dal)\n\npps. your #30 on trending!!
First...the silliness from last vlog wasn't annoying at all lol second....the sound effects in this vlog had me dying
Omg you have never seen a squirrel before! They’re everywhere here in England ❤️
i literally love when you guys talk like that. it brightens my day. i’ve started doing it myself !! xx
I LOVE the accent!!
Bahahahaha ha \nOk so...I just smoked a bong before your vlog. And I'm sorry but that kid falling off his bike. !!!!!!! The timing!!!! I can't stop laughing 😂😂😂😂😂
Really really enjoyed this vlog! Normally I skip through vlogs but I loved the whole thing. So wish I could be your friend Michael haha you just have such a positive bubbly lighthearted aura which not many people have:) And you're looking great by the way:)
Beautiful !!! your ideas and the way you shoot the vlog. I am inspired for me next trip to NYC
I love that you're unapologetically you!! Such an inspiration x
Don't stop talking with that accent I love it?!!? Duuuuuuul xo
Omg no! I love it when you all do the accent thing! 😍❤️
aww the C train is the train line I take everyday
Just me who loves the accent so much! I literally cannot stop doing it myself! CYA 💅🏻😘
Someone should probably smack Lilly.. I mean is that how she is going to remember New York her smacking stuff.. I just hope you all got to see more; I feel like you saw 10 percent of NY...
love u all xxxxxxx lilly is so funny how she hits everything bahahh xxxxx
For the record i love the accent thing its crack up 😂
Literally the best friend group eva
does anyone feel like shani isnt really apart of the group or theres some tension or shes just like a big up herself compared to the rest? love her but just an observation
THAT KID FALLING OFF HIS BIKE😂😂😂
do you know how much I love you. I've literally been following you for so so so long! as well as Shani!!!! Lilly, Syke and Rahnee can all thank YOU for me following them ;) P.S CAN I PLEASE BE ON YOUR SNAPCHAT. so much love for you
fuck you all i love that accent
Cuz he's gay all the comments are sucking up to him lmao
lily is a crack up. her qwerks kill me
I lost it when that kid fell off his bike 😂😂😂😂 poor kid
This has to be one of the the funniest vlogs I've seen of yours. The hitting sound effects, the kid falling off the bike, hey del to batman. Ugh you kill me ❤️
Where are Rahnee’s sunglasses from when she’s wearing them on the subway? X
Lily cracks me up so much 😂😭
why are you changing the way you are/act to please other people? like do your thing no matter what people think
Only a minute into the vlog and am heartbroken that you said you won't talk in your accent much :(
Michael takes critique like a pro 👏👏 Great vlog!!
I love how real you are 😊 xx
KEEP THE VOICE! It's you, and part of your personality. Haters can get fucked, don't change for anyone :)
T h i s   g u y   i s   S o  G A Y
Wtf are those sunglasses
THE PUNCHING SOUNDS NOOOO I AM DONE HAHAHHAHAH
Wow Lilly is annoying
Uk next?!?!!!!
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
fuck. what a faggot
Jealous we wanna hit Newwwww York
Lily hitting everything I'm dying hahahahhahaha
Are your parents proud?
THE BOY HAHAHAAHA
i love the accent dont stop plz thankq
the kid.... im dead!!
Fuck gay people
A truly vacuous person yuk.
babe your skin looks amaze
I LOVE YOU GUYS OMD
More vlogs!!!
Lily has me crying. AHAHAHHA
keep the accent
Holy shit Lilly kills me 😂🥂
MORE VLOGS, pls :)
You gay little shit
Wtf is that human?
Can Lily stop hitting everything #overit 😑
Shani is so fucking pretty.
Fuck what people say, do that accent whenever you please. It's gorg qqqq 💗
These peoples faces will be hanging round their necks by the time they are 50! Beauty is natural! You can't fake it!
I DID follow you on instagram, but then I tried to post a supportive comment on one of your pictures and then seconds later you blocked me, probably because you didn't even bother to read past the first sentence which was, admittedly, a bit of a rough joke. \nI wish I had known how you would respond before wasting my breath typing something sincere and well-meaning...
_ALWAYS BE YOURSELF!_ \nUnless you can be a Viking. \nThen . . .  *Always* *be* *a* *VIKING!*
End it with a bloody pajama dance!
One thing I wish I'd known is that your parents aren't always right about what's best for you :(
I wish I had known that I had Asperger's, so I wouldn't have tried so hard to succeed in life.
Good to have you back aunty Em. 😅😅👌
how many? Many.... lol\nAnd here I thought you were such a chaste young lady
Some of the nicest people have crooked teeth so don't worry.
1. Learn to detach yourself\n2. It's okay to feel low\n3. Appreciate your alone time\n4. Never compare yourself to others\n5. Sometimes things are just not meant to happen\n6. Do not blame yourself for the behaviors of others\n7. Always Be Yourself\n8. Change is inevitable\n9. Everyone else is wrapped up in their own insecurities so DON'T WORRY SO MUCH!!!\n10. Work to Live not Live to work\n\nMy Top Ten i did copy a few from you +Emily Hart
Excellent topic choice. Good news  your degree. Think about the discipline and the topics you trained in, include web access to adult peoples curious mind which is the predominant *nature of a child, curiosity. Oops looks like your degree has got you there*, just not in the way you expected it too or in the format you trained in , however if you apply the principles/ axioms of your degree, then you can see why you are such a success. Fun fact for you: The brain keeps growing until the age of 30, often people perform better in exams intellectually in adulthood. You and your topics are as a matter of fact very intellectual. Your genius is in the way you convey, it. Thank you keep up the good work .
Interesting and very relevant,I liked especially what you said about change.  And yes you do swear too much...😊 But I still love you... take care Brian.
I just love it when you say,and ten. You look so relaxed and pleasant. I liked your video very much. I may show this to my daughter. Though maybe at a later time. She is only 6 now. Cheers. Well done!
One thing I wish I had known... that women are fucking crazy... and good luck on being in any relationship for any length of time... oh, and none of your dreams ever come true... fuck you universe!
professional rhymer - I seem to recall that there's a word for that sort of person. Glad you took some time off, it's always good to get away for awhile. Just don't do it for too long, or too often. I can only hold my breath for so long, you know.
Loved this video! Nice one Emily. 👍
Boy. You nailed it with the school thing! Especially in the area of the value of a degree. Oh. By the way, you would be beautiful even if you were MISSING teeth, so don't sweat a little crookedness ;)
U just need to learn how to focus. Bofus.
Nice Emily. When a person is younger they think all this shit means everything, but as you get older you see that you just need to say what the fuck, and do what makes you happy, and push all the bullshit in this world to the side.
#1 True story. My DAD told me when I was a teenager, Son, Everybody is not going to like you, Just shit you got to live with. I took that to hart. It worked for me! Their Loss.
Just realized I don't follow you on Instagram! I feel so ashamed. Great video though Emily! Love your advice and I'm excited for more videos to come!
Your face is pretty and I like looking at it.
Miss Em, This should be mandatory viewing for anyone about to turn into a teenager.
Honestly I can relate so much to number 4 specifically and hearing you speaking about it and giving your thoughts on it was amazing for me to hear! This video in general was so helpful!
If children and young students really understood how poorly achievements in school translated into success as an adult, the drop out rate, along with failing school grades would skyrocket.
And the one about don't try too hard; I didn't try too hard and that's why I got pretty much F*** all out of GCSE's and A Levels..... I still might try University yet, but I need to find something that really suits me and a way to make it work foe me and with me , if ya get me.
I missed you Em, thanks for doing another video x
You're still hot I see
we all need a TARDIS , just think ...
@swearing: it's much less of a deal in germany, believe me! it's always quite funny to see how not-so-lady-like women from the UK or US apologise for or worry about those kinds of things. also it's a little sad to see such pressure to behave in a certain way. \n\ni mean, we do have social situations where it is absolutely NOT ok to use swear words, sure, and some where it may raise an eyebrow or two, but in general, when someone has a reason to swear, (s)he swears. \n\nabove all, there's not THAT huge a difference between men and women regarding swearing. it may be a little amusing for many when a woman swears like a drayman (as a german saying goes), because, despite our hun-like, blunt and barbaric nature^^ we do have a concept of lady-like, but seemingly we are more comfortable with a greater variety of female behaviour. \n\ngreat video, as always! have a nice weekend! :-)
What shoe size are you ?
you could end your shows with a clever ending, maybe something cute... oh how about ending each episode with a pajama dance. I bet people would love it!!!!
I understand the whole concept that something better will come along and that it will happen unexpectedly. But we are always taught actions have consequences. That has both positive and negative meanings. The relevance of that here is if you prepare for something then only you will get it. You will have to work for it. This is something firmly ingrained in most of us. The hardest part for me is about the time I have to wait between I don't have the thing I want to have and then I have it. It is really hard to stay positive and focussed on the goal that you are trying to achieve.
I was fortunate to have someone hate my fucking guts based on my ernest open eye contact, genuine smile and (not too) firm hand-shake, in my early twenties. Hadn't even had a chance to offend him! That was when I truly internalised 'No matter how nice you are, not everyone will like you (and some will FUCKING HATE you)'
Lots of people have that lower twisted tooth, including myself and Bobby DiNero, so you're in good company. Your advise is well taken for the youngsters to keep their retainers in at night but as far is you are concerned, chalk it up to a distinctive character trait. I think you look better now than ever especially with that 50 Amp smile.  Also a long time ago a friend gave me some really good advise. She said  Don't wast time with people who don't like you. That little piece of advise really made things lots easier.
Wish I knew that being twenty doesn't make my life put together neither makes me an adult. Smh*
Really great talk.
Great video Em!
Don't write down all your account passwords.  You can get programs that store them.  I use KeePass but there's plenty of others.  And if you're going that route since you don't have to remember  them, you can make all your passwords different and more complex so you're a lot less vunarable to cracking
Be yourself is the best one! There is nothing at all wrong with swearing at all, just only in certain situations really (common sense). Like I have never sworn in front of my parents and I swear every second sentence around most everyone else :D
I wish I had been told:\n1. Donald Trump is not a comedienne, he just says funny shit\n2.Jeremy Corbyn is a comedienne, and does not say funny shit\n3. Piers Morgan is not a comedienne, he just talks shit
Instead of writing down you passwords use a product like lastpass. https://lastpass.com/f?3384546
Funny you bring up swearing.  A friend and I were discussing this, and here's what we came up with.  Have you ever heard someone lament how 'in our grandparents day, you didn't swear in a public place.  Or  how a man was expected to wear a suit if he was in public.?  I think some people miss the dignity that comes with NOT letting it all go in front of each other.  If I met you for a date at a nice restaurant in sweat pants, it would give you pause, right? Swearing used to be considered vulgar, right?   Well, If I gave you the once over and told you what I thought you'd be willing to do in bed, you'd throw a drink in my face, and walk out, because you still consider that to be vulgar,  when once swearing would have been just as offensive.\n    Well, Maybe it's about what we each define as respect.  It's like that joke blaming the cartoon Teenage Ninja Turtles for teaching a generation of boys that it's ok to live in mom's basement, subsist on Pizza and call your girlfriend 'dude'.  \n     I for one still do not swear in front of my grandparents, or older aunts and uncles.  It feels good, respectful not to.  I don't want a girlfriend who is ok with me calling her dude, belching or farting around her, because she deserves to not be treated like one of my high fiving jackass mates.  \n\nOFcourse, not swearing doesn't make me think I am better than anyone, or judging anyone.  Just a really good topic this, Miss Hartridge, and it sparked my old debate brain.
Out of curiosity.Would you have listened,if anyone told you all this when you were young?\nBtw how bout making a 10 movies that made an everlasting impression/impacted you.Either in your youth or as an adult .Or both
You end shows with the pyjamas dance!
Even if current you had access to a time machine and went back in time to visit your younger teenage self to give advice. Your teenage self wouldn't believe anything you had to say.
I wasn't listening but you look fecking great ;)
you should stop saying I don't know how to end shows, it was bye.  No more doubts, A phrase that came from St. Pete.  Use it.  Have faith, You got atleast one sweet pete, and what was it, three arrows or something, so I say sit back, have a popcorn, put in a movie, and...Reach for the stars/surrender yourself to good times.  I have not a clue what to say.  I usually am quite thorough, I thought you looked amazing, btw.  I was hoping for a classic 10 reasons why, with the numbers and everything.  Thank you for answering my wish.  You are as adorable as the day I met you.  As Gandalf said to Bilbo in Lord of the Rings,  you haven't aged a day   So to all your smoothies, and tisanes,  Whole foods, and fine wines, free from fear over here is forwarding you thins message: keep it up.  Thin like slim but differen.  OD on Dissos and you will meet gOD.  Disso you know I reserved a time with you and my divine disco enferno to us finally unwind and fill up on magic mind and know how to rhyme.  Behind the frying pan is a man with a plan to stand at ease please just release your energy on me, she is queen on the boobtube I mean youtube it was something about boobs how we crossed paths, who knew, you drew me in and then I had a thing, 5 year anniversary approaching.  How do you want to celebrate.  A bottle of merlot, a candle, and filtered lighting, a gentle breeze, a phat bowl of eMeXPay, ouch he makes you pay is what I'm hearing.  Will you come to my hearing.  Hear how I plowed down a mad clown.  Mushroom Mushroom we all fall down.  Ok you love my lies, like me less when I'm committing adultery and kinda of feel this is getting salty.  Salvage things like I love you and you're so gosh darn pretty.  Ok I'm going to cash in this crop of wurm castings(English)and make out with my arm or something.  You have a heart.  I know. Bye. :)
Emily,\nI'm glad you're on Youtube and not on TV. On TV they'd just try to control and censor the way you act.\nOn Youtube, you can just be yourself.
Just be glad you didn't grow up in China. College exams are the BE ALL and END ALL.
Why not end your shows with your beautiful wink?
It's quite obvious how much you've changed/grown in what seems like no time at all. Couldn't agree more with you being stronger, happier and more independent. I'm very happy for you. Enjoyed the video.    S.A. and Til Next Time       :  )
Great video, you are beautiful.
The password thing is a definite. I always forget those damned things.
I've good teeth genes and I'm ambidextrous [my hands, just my hands, and really just my hands]
one thing about and one of the main reasons i watch i can tell that you dont think your better than any one eles green eyes
I can relate a 100 %
The braces one is SPOT ON 😂 fuck my life.
Emily, I Love your everything, but you look bad your eyes and neck look very bad like you have been up for days and days. I think that the one thing you did not say was You might want a friend for life and you might think he/she is that friend, but if you ask them they will say WHO like you are the last person they think about
Hello Emily. How are you today?
Thanks , going to discuss with my teenage daughter !
I agree with all of this! :)
I like the plant with lights by the bed. Nice touch. I could sleep there i think.
Emily : You are Perfect the Way You Are !
This is really important! Thanks for the vid, Emily
I wish I'd of been told no matter how much training you have or things know. People don't care unless you kiss their ass about the fact they know less then you.
Use some kind of password-storing service, like lastpass for example. This way you only have to remember a master password.
Alot of fucking goin on there em,but your a poet and ya dont know it
I love you Emily.. I really enjoy your videos...  😚😚😚😚😚😚😚
I had braces, but on the jaw teeths (same area as you showed) I got a single wire to keep the tooths from moving.  I guess that the wire is going to stay there forever. The teeth in that part of the jaw have not yet moved.
Emily, I have a new “Life Lesson for you, guaranteed to keep the good going forever!” Here’s a new mantra. Say it in it’s entirety, often; \nLife is good and just keeps getting better. \nWe don’t need to know how it works (you will). \nPlease, just make it your mantra!
How did you make the choice to limit these things? I know there are a ton more, at least for me and most that I know. Maybe another video more things... Thanks for keeping on. Love your work.
Here in the states, they usually install a permanent retainer on the lower teeth.  Just a small wire/bar bonded to the 6 front lower teeth.  Never have to think about it again.
Number 5 was my favorite.
I wish I had known how much harder it is to make new friends after 30 or so.  The urge to make new friends is far stronger (and therefore it's easier) when you're young, but the bright side is that it means you're getting much choosier about the kind of friends you do make.
Until next time, never forget, (then nothing)
I'm from Aberdeen trust me you do not swear to much I would be seen as someone with terets if I was down there.
24k for bracelets?...jezz...it is like 24x the price in my country
Love your videos, since the stoke. I can't masturbate, so I watch your videos.  And you remind of my dead girlfriend, no. 6. Before she fell to her death during climbing.
Probably one of your best video's you've made. Take my hat off to you for your honesty. Life is too short to be miserable. Awesome!
I'd like to see you in braces again😂
I loved it Emily and i love your personality, thanks for such great content!
I just like watching you talk. O_o good stuff tho, makes sense.
Only a shallow fool would care about your bottom teeth, Emily.
Good advice
you yeti ~~ahaha
i love it :)
You seem very likeable 👍
you rule kiddo
Fun video Emily, thanks.
Good luck.
Glad you're back
Bad luck Emily (teeth)
Erm ... hmmm ... errr ... well ...  speechless
So quirky, cute, and fit lol.
Part 2! Part 2! Part 2!?!?
Nice job!
before 1 like we love your Videos, )\n1. I do agree and did not know until some 2 Years ago and i am almost 30 ! (\n2.I do agree\nNext\n3.again true \n4.the nasty Hartridge look, awesome,cool,HOT\n5.agree\n6.The Truth, that does never go away still miss every Girl .\n7.???\n8.again true\n9.and do not encrypt your Partition because you could not reset that ! and remember the Keyboard Layout of that Language \n10.laughing in a Libary .Thanks awesome Lady ...
Emily use lastpass for your passwords it will change your life.
I'm falling in love with you Emily Hartridge
hahaha did you expect sociology to be useful
I've heard the hateful comments about Chester, heard the praisers, the fans, the critics, etc. Honestly, the man's music made an impact on lives... Countless lives. Personally, Linkin Park got me through some tough sh** in mine. A hero is gone, but his work lives through us.
Rip legend in my opinion the best band and singer you sing so beautifully rip ❤️
Still hoping it's a fake to be honest
I love you Chester
I Miss you Chester😔
That definitely hits the feels hard man
It makes me feel so bad that I can hear him but not see him rip Chester can't wait to see you again
FUCK ALL THE PEOPLE WHO DISLIKED      I HOPE U DIE    RIP Chester Bennington
I've been hear too many singer in the world, and no one have a voice like you. Miss You Our Legend!
The Songs form  Linkin Park wäre Perfect and i Love it  when i play Yugioh 😍❤ ly  Chester
Who cares if 6,000 people dislike this. Linking Park do
I had tears in eyes... so beautiful and powerful... I Miss you Chaz\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEven more powerful cause this video has been uploaded on my grapa the second anniversary of his passing and fact that Chester is not here anymore... I can't even...
I cried a lot cause depression is such a horrible thing, RIP Chester! Will forever love you!
I love this song.\nStill I can't believe that he is not pesent among us.God bless u man.
One of my childhood dreams was to attend a Linkin Park live concert for real one day...(my close friends know this) and now it's faded.\nIt's been over 2 months and I still can't get over it. 😔\nWho cares if one more light goes out? Well, I do..._LP
I can handle this, this man was.. I just wanna say that souls like his are almost impossible to find and I'm so proud to be a fan of this unique man, band.. We'll always love you and you'll never be forgotten
I wasn't ready to watch this :'(
RIP Chester you are in a better place. Thank you for all the great music. Good bless you my brother!
Thank you for visiting Thailand during the tsunami. I from Thailand R.I.P
Wow such a beautiful video
I almost cry I had to think of other things not to cry to 3 days of death chester dies my grandmother was double hit for me, both because this is the song that makes me remember both and cry at the same time, I do not imagine the band without chester, if they decide to continue with another singer better change their name
Kinda didn't want to watch this after the upload but finished it. It hurt but I think I needed it. I can't imagine how his bandmasters, family, and friends are getting by. I'll continue to listen. I hope he has found peace at last.
Beautiful video and beautiful song ;( ;(
This song helped me get through a lot in my life...I love you linkin park,it won't be the same...who cares if one more light goes out in the sky of a million stars...Chester...you where my life my soul and the way music has effected me as a person...RIP Chester Bennington
How he record this video when he dead? some Illuminati bs rightthere my nigga
Thanks for all songs that have accompanied us. You'll always be in our hearts. RIP Chester, we miss you:)
R.I.P Chester thank you forever everthing you have always been there and you will always be there in our hearts for eternity thank you Chester.
We love you Chester <3
Darn bowel of unions ninja's are attacking me.. Excuse me need to wipe away the tears from them. x.x Urgh I miss Chester, its sad, it truly is, I know so many people will miss him, countless people. I do hope everything works out for everyone.
Who cares if one more light goes out?   Well i do. 😭😭
R.I.P Chester, thank you for everything..
This might be a little painful for some to read. Hopefully this comes off the right way:\nWhen the album first came out, it was getting panned by both longtime fans and critics alike for being unlike Linkin Park and Chester's previous work. People were missing the point of both the album and the song One More Light. It wasn't until his untimely death where many people who were naysayers finally understood what both this song and the album truly meant.\nTo me at least, One More Light (the album) is a way of the band members reflecting on their lives and what they have learned making that long and painful transition from adolescence to adulthood. Mike's songs focus on what it is like to be a father who struggles with trying to balance being a world famous musician and a caretaker for his children at the same time, while Chester's lyrics are filled with reflections on growing up and dealing with the things that still haunted him later in life. Even at age 41, so many things from one's childhood can still haunt someone and never be forgotten. \nBut Chester's lyrics brought out the message that despite the pain, people still have a chance to take those things that have left them scared for life and learn from them, grow from them, and construct something beautiful from them. And that's exactly what he did with his pain: he created something beautiful and helped so many people around the world.\nIt is still too tragic to think that his pain was, in the end, too much for him - depression is a powerful thing that many people suffer with and yet so many others don't even understand (#FuckDepression). But while it is still horrible and tragic to think that Chester couldn't overcome his own pain, he did not leave this earth without turning his pain into art that could help save so many other lives out there. Even when so many people were accusing him and the band of selling out or compromising their music creatively, he was still writing songs like Shadow of the Day, In Pieces, Robot Boy, Iridescent, The Messenger, In My Remains, Roads Untravelled, Until It's Gone, Nobody Can Save Me, Heavy, Halfway Right, Sharp Edges, and finally, One More Light - songs that spoke to the people who truly listened to them, who didn't care if they didn't sound the same as the songs before, and who took their messages to heart and lived on beyond their pain and struggles because they found comfort and hope in Chester's lyrics.  \nSo by this point, I think that regardless of how people felt about his multiple changes in direction musically, regardless of all the critics attacking his work, I think we can all agree that Chester Bennington is a legend! And legends never die!
Hit me right to the heart. You where part of my teens and spent many hours listening to L.P. music  Rip Chester #icare
This breaks my heart, Every time I see it. 💔
I dont think ive ever cried as hard as i did just know
This song is so heartfelt and honest  My nephew committed suicide and  there is not a single day that goes by that I dont think of him.  I thank Linkin Park for this song.  I wish there was something to say to all the fans of Linkin Park to ease the pain.  All I can say is that the body may die but his songs are forever.  Let joy and innocence prevail
I hope to god that radio stations don't overplay this and kill this song for everyone.
RIP hero <3 sorry i couldn't save you like you saved me
Fucking hell😭😭. Chester why'd you kill yourself😭😭. You are missed 💔
Whatever got into my head to watch this just before starting my workday, jeez.\n\nChester, you've given us more than we could ever imagine. You are light, love, heartache, pain, suffering and hope rolled into a brightly tattooed man who's just as flawed and imperfect as we all are. The loss that we are continuing to feel is eased by the fact that your voice will still always be here for us to listen to whenever we feel lost, confused or just simply need that extra push to keep going. I thank God that you had 41 dynamic years of life. While we wish you could have had more, the angels just couldn't wait for you to join them in eternity. Sing to us down here as we look up to you with nothing but love, respect and gratefulness.
Who cares if one more light goes out In a sky of a million stars...... we all do care... for all the light that goes out :(
Damn, this is hard af!
I care if someone's time runs out especially chesters
I hope your singing up high in heaven Chester with your voice of yours.
There are still many people in this world who are heartless... 6k dislikes😢😞
The haters are basically those kinds of humans who never evolved from their 🐒 state!
WHO THE FUCK WPULD DISLIKE THIS
Fuck everyone who dislikes! learn to respect people..
Imagine how much tighter everyone would have held him if they knew.  We never would have let go.
When People start asking me about chester in the future i will just say  a legend who's still alive in everybody's heart R.I.P Chester💔💔😭❤❤
I was not a die hard fan of Linkin park but definitely liked listening to their songs. Heard this song after Chester's death..... Seriously he could have sought for some help before tragically ending this beautiful life! I know it's really really tough on those who suffer from depression but hey I do think that we have a way out of it. I have had my share of tough days & honestly I am still facing some dark days.... But when u think of the larger picture, it ain't so bad either. RIP Chester! Wish u had not taken this step. You were blessed with a wonderful voice that touched millions. Your music will live on........
we just did a cover of this song a tribute to Chester we would really love your thoughts on it! thank you \nRIP chester
It hurts so bad... We'll always love you, Chez.
Lets give LP that diamond play button for a Diamond worthy album and a lost legend.
I'm glad he's not in pain anymore but I'm very hurt he's gone ... you're my light Chester Rest In Peace I hope you're watching all of us and stopping people from suicide ❤️...
Dang it Chester. You were an incredible musician and still are sorely missed by me and fans world wide. Regardless, thank you for giving hope to so many people that need it in dark times. RIP
this is so good but so sad..
Dear Chester u were like a camera looking at the good shots u taught me to never give up u were always there for me your voice was music to my ear R.I.P. Chester can’t wait to see u again happy 😓😓😓🙏🙏🙏
Who else can't believe he's gone
He will Rock on as an angel 😢
YOU ARE THE BEST
I can bet that a good number of the dislikers are 10 year old Jake Paul fan boys.
so many people like and understand the feeling of Chester for he's songs, but here we go there some people dislike he's songs and left it w/out understanding, when he die some of them apologized but its all useless, Chester cant read those apologized any more,\nbut it's not to late to understand he's songs all of he's songs is from he's deepest heart and all of he's songs in all of he's fans will never remove in our heart R.I.P #ChesterLegend
Chester Benington and Chris Cornell, an epic concert going on in heaven right now. Thank you Chester for the integrity in your songs. Sucks that hacks like Bieber and Taylor Swift get all the views for shit songs, but this song which is the best of 2017 doesn't have more. RIP Chester.
I watched this video 20 times and cried ak twenty times
We love you Chester ❤️
Goosebumps. All over,
RIP Chester.... :'(
Forever 🌟
6k dislikes wtf how
good night, sweet prince!
:(
oh god :(
I am cry
Beautiful song... Thanx
R.I.P Chester. We will never forget him #OneMoreLight #LinkinParkFamily
https://youtu.be/8rzYMv_OgAw
Dont cry , dont cry ,dont cry,\nwelp im crying.
Beautiful. RIP Chazzy. One of my fav vid.
R.i.P 😢😭
Cried\n.
T_T
Chester-forever🖤
Rip
Sad😢😢😢😢
:(
😭😭😭
😭😭😭😭
Chester forever in our hearths #LegendsNeverDie 💙
Rest in paradise
:(
rip chester
Chester [*]💜
😭😭
we miss you chester
Rumo a 10.000.000
*Forever with you!*
Chester why :'(  <3
Chester  we love you. Hope you get happier in here.
I loved One More Light, the album, I don't care if I'm the only person of the entire planet Earth that does, these were songs made with heart, the lyrics were thoughtful, and in the end, we're all lights that one day we will go out, Chester your work and lyrics will always be exceptional, rest in peace for the great artist that you are, #LPForever
This does not sound like Rita Ora at all\n\nBut still really good
I Hope that paint was lead free.
Please watch my recent cover video it would mean a lot✨
this song is so positive
I know I can’t change you and I won’t change
God bless all service personal
Missing something somewhere, a remix wouldn't go a miss
Could this be more amazing...
This song is amazing, just because of the replay value. This should be way more popular!
I think her songs get better every single time
I'm from korea this song i love it ♡♡♡♡♡
Ma queen Rita!!! I luv it! This is insane!
I want to be dj this is my e mail aminealami016@hotmail.com
He were writing on the Facebook he is in this video. But where?
that's my lovely place in Kiev)
What a cheap and stupid song. Rita why have you done this? You are so much better than singing to this boring meaningless Dance BS!
They should get all the old x factor judges back\nRita ora - girls\nSimon - overs\nMiley Cyrus - groups\nJustin Bieber - Boys
Love this song 🔥😍 \nEveryone watch my dance cover on it! 😋\nhttps://youtu.be/zERNkshqjBY
Their music is Amazing! #Favorite Group Ever!
It doesn't sound like her like it sounds too high
https://crowdsale.paragoncoin.com/?ref=bc2b5decb6a1083c2d910f4e\nInvest now in the legalisation of Cannabis by creating an account trough this link and buy some Paragon Coins. You directly get 5% extra and if you buy some today you get 2 times your invested money back at the 15th of october.
I just can't stop listening to this song ♥♥♥♥
He used to makr good music... Used to... Now it's all comercial copy paste shit
The end of the vid related to Halsey's lyric, You were red & you liked me 'cause I was blue. But, you touched me & suddenly I was like a lilac sky. in her song Blue. ^u^
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
The Internet is going crazy over what this 14 year old wrote in her song about Charlottesville --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdHHyiZv5c0
Try to hear this on the radio but only heard it once :(
This song is amazing ❤❤❤
I'm gonna comment before this blows up!!!
People ask where to go to find good music I say avicii
[Verse 1]\nIt's you and your world and I'm caught in the middle\nI caught the edge of a knife and it hurts just a little\nAnd I know, and I know, and I know, and I know that I can't be your friend\nIt's my head or my heart, and I'm caught in the middle\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nMy hands are tied, but not tied enough\nYou're the high that I can't give up\nOh lord, here we go\n\n[Chorus]\nI might hate myself tomorrow\nBut I'm on my way tonight\nAt the bottom of a bottle\nYou're the poison in the wine\nAnd I know\nI can't change you and I\nI won't change\nI might hate myself tomorrow\nBut I'm on my way tonight\n\n[Post-Chorus/Drop]\nLet's be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\n\n\n[Verse 2]\nEyes wide shut and it feels like the first time\nBefore the rush to my blood was too much and we flatlined\nAnd I know, and I know, and I know, and I know just how this ends\nNow I'm all messed up and it feels like the first time\n\n[Chorus]\nI might hate myself tomorrow\nBut I'm on my way tonight\nAt the bottom of a bottle\nYou're the poison in the wine\nAnd I know\nI can't change you, and I\nI won't change\nI might hate myself tomorrow\nBut I'm on my way tonight\n\n[Post-Chorus/Drop]\nLet's be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\nLet's be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nMy hands are tied, but not tied enough\nYou're the high that I can't give up\nOh lord, here we go\n\n\n[Chorus]\nI might hate myself tomorrow\nBut I'm on my way tonight\nAt the bottom of a bottle\nYou're the poison in the wine\nAnd I know\nI can't change you, and I\nI won't change\nI might hate myself tomorrow\nBut I'm on my way tonight\n\n[Post-Chorus/Drop]\nLet's be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\nLet's be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\nA little less lonely now\nA little less lonely now\nA little less lonely now
ISN'T EPIC as it supposed to be
Rita Ora. Pretty much one of the hottest female singers around
Have you struggled with getting large sums of money because of BAD CREDIT? Worry no more, there is a legit, 100% guarantee satisfaction sure-fire way to pay off those debts for a tiny price. Visit: https://wunionhackers.wordpress.com ... They helped me, they can help YOU too!
Avicii & Rita Ora , what a wondeful Song and she Looks so amazing
only here for the chorus, sorry.
who agree avicii is the best??
I'm here bc of Avicii and Rita ❤️
Avicii is a legend. But Rita Ora too? This was euphoric.
This song makes me wanna text my crush
Writers unite! Is it me or are these the types of music videos that inspire me to write? Think about It. [Main character] wakes up in the morning, everyone around him/her frozen. First they think it's a dream but then come to the fact that it all real. They slowly sink into the fact they have no idea how to escape this fucked up world and get everything back to normal while also being there all on their own. As the story progresses they find out they are not alone (possible love interest perhaps?)
Avicii is back!!!!!!!!!!!!(it's a wrong comment as Avicii was never gone from our mind) let's aviciiUP!!!!
Why does it sound like “I might hang myself tomorrow” 😂
Just added to my favorite play list as soon as the song started
Kyiv is a very beautiful city😍😍
This is good pv!!\nBlieve next good song , too!!
I don't want someone but I actually need someone😐
Lyrics\nTreating you well, but I'm caught in the middle\nI caught the edge of a knife and it hurts just a little\nAnd I know, and I know, and I know, and I know that I can be your friend\nYes, my head or my heart, and I'm caught in the middle\nMy hands are tired, but not tired enough\nYou're the high that I can't give up\nOh Lord, here we go\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nAt the bottom of a bottle, you're the poison in the wine\nAnd I know I can’t change you and I won’t change\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nLet’s be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\nEyes my shirt, and it feels like the first time (oh)\nBefore the rush to my blood hurts too much and we flatline (oh)\nAnd I know, and I know, and I know, and I know just how this ends\nNow we're all messed up and it feels like the first time (oh)\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nAt the bottom of a bottle, you're the poison in the wine\nAnd I know I can’t change you and I won’t change\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nLet’s be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\nLet’s be lonely together (yeah)\nA little less lonely together (yeah)\nMy hands are tired, but not tired enough\nYou're the high that I can't give up\nOh Lord, here we go\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nAt the bottom of a bottle, you're the poison in the wine\nAnd I know I can’t change you and I won’t change\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nLet’s be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\nLet’s be lonely together \nLet’s be lonely lonely together\nLet’s be lonely lonely together (little less lonely now)\nA little less lonely now\nA little less lonely now\nA little less lonely now
nice song love it
BEST SONGGGGGGG, CMON LET'S BE LONELY TOGETHER ❤️❣️😍😘💞💕💖💗❤️
I came for Ritaaaaa
avicii my fav
huwaw
Okay song
Avicii 💗
Avicii is awesome!!!
I'm Having
Love Avicii Fom VIETNAMSES <3
nice
Video is shit..song is lit
beautiful song  great music ..... avicii 😘
Avicii lover from pakistan
❤ AVICII ❤ FROM INDIA. . .✌
omg \nAVICII
why avicii is great?
3D Audio + Bass Boosted Version: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zlFtlJJ83w
Nice!
Ur Chords 😍😍😍😍
good music
Lonely Together... nice song
Tune of 2017/2018!!
This is 💅🏻
I LOVE YOU AVICII😍😍
:)
dfyuikj,mhjkgfsr7y6tytrgdfgfhjkyygfsuygyhgtfyt\n;lllllll;lefcod;']h6gf
Great Song
Rita ora,s pretty
Cheating slut
Soooo aowsom song dude ❤ it
hi\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTusixTrBdM4fCygmKjvR0Q?view_as=subscriber
Sensacional ❤❤❤❤
Amazing <<33
HES BACKKKKKKKKKKKK
legend comeback 😍🌋🌋
http://zehuredrlj.loan/5945112359490/
Love from S.Korea
Omg, best song ever!!!!!
http://usdearn.com/?r=133913 visit us
love it
just amazing
come back AGNEZ MO-LONG GET I PAID https://youtu.be/NWH85qhrdoY🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥
didn't he retire ?
I live tuiiiisssssss
LİSTEN SPEED 0.75
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Khd3lmchNFU SWEDEN-MADE!
Amazing
We want Avicii feat. INNA
Kyiv! )
PERU
King İs BACKKKKKK
Guys I know this has nothing todo do with the channel but there was an earthquake in México City yesterday and theres a lot of help needed if you could spreed the word would help a lot
I laugh at myself. I'm living in America and am an American citizen myself yet I always use the term, American people.., usually related to food, because my family never eats out. Asian families lol
Jun go upload video on junskitchen
best add ever
Lol!
holy crap 1M subscribers, good job!
With the drinks the clear difference is the American drink is at least 50% ice at minimum.
When I was in Japan, I had impression that a lot of Japanese people eat out. There are plenty of restaurants and there are always people there. In McDonald's it was hard to find a free spot.\nAre these all people in restaurants only a tiny percent of people live around or the things are different in big cities like Tokyo, Osaka?
I'm hungry now -_-
How could you drink NOTHING with a meal? I would absolutely choke and die, omg.
Omg love the video 😍 I like the new style  of this video too 😍😍.. keep the good work guys .. can't wait to see your next video 😊
You guys are such dorks XD I missed your videos! Also the food is a lot different between the two countries too! We tend to eat a lot of red meat and bread here whereas in Japan it's more of fish and rice. Tofu is like a thing only health nuts eat in America lol at least where I live! Most stores only have a small selection of it if any at all.
the effort that went into this video is amazing
I got a little scared when he started talking about his cooking channel while the cat was lying on the bench 😂
Who is that gorgeous celebrity who is apparently fat and ugly in Japan?
I miss you guys!!! Thank you for posting again❤
Good job... you succeeded at making me ever more hungry... Thanks alot Btw I love ur channel!
That subtle advertising for jun cooking channel hahaha nice work guys, but on a side note yea Japan's fast food is still smaller than most of Asia. Was kind of shocked when I ate at McDonald's the first time in comparison to my home country.
I think something to consider is westerners are bigger than Asians by default. Not in fat, but actual body mass so the required calorie intake will vary. A huge problem we have is while things may not have certain ingredients in them they get replaced by much unhealthier alternatives to both save on production and pass laws that say food should have less of say sugar. Something may not have sugar in it, but it's just replaced with high fructose corn syrup which is much worse for you. There's a lot of shady practice that goes on that allows companies to bypass laws. For example, something may say it's made in america on the box but the item says made in china. What they do is claim that the box was made in the US, but the item was manufactured in China. Good times.
I do agree that Japanese are overall healthier. But am I the only one that thinks that the healthy bmi in Japan looks unnatural compared to the healthy bmi in America? In Japan it looks almost as if some of them are anorexic. I say that not to be offensive of course. But I'm concerned that the Japanese are starting to fall into the opposite extreme compared to America. America is too fat, but Japan is too skinny
The griiiid....it looks so effing perfect my ocd antenna is just loosing it :D
Eyy I subscribed to junskitchen before this one :D
Dang I didn't know America was so fat. I've lived in Colorado my whole life and very few people are overweight here.
I loved that jewllery when it first came out and still do! It's just I'm trying to be a minimalist and have a ton of jewllery already TT_TT
BUUUSSSSIIIINNNNNNEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
MURICAAAAAAA
no wonder if japanese are healthy,just...look at the cup size comparison...
1.Make burgers smaller!\n2.???\n3.Profit!
This editing tho 😂😂😂
You're alive!
0:37 oh, hey rachel
swole AF 😂
BUSINEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
You guys are hilarious 😂
Fluffy Haku the cat at 5:18
The CLIKBAIT\nJAJAJAJAJA
so interesting
1:55 whats wrong with rachel ?
Interesting 🤓
BUSINEEEEEEEEESSSSSSS
Canadas 11 lol
#crosspromo  JK, love you guys :)
even if we say that japanese would eat alot. they would lose it fast cause of how their lifestyle is. 1 example is more walking less riding. compare to americans.
Japan's fast food come in larger portions than Australia's, and Australia is still super high on the 'most obese' scale. When I went to McDonalds in various parts of Japan, 12 year old girls tended to have a medium sized meal with 5-6 nuggets on the side. I'm 25 and I can't eat that much.\n I found most Japanese food to be super salty or sugary. So many sugary fake cream cakes and such.
Jun should have a cook off with Shaylor and Rachel could be the blind taste testor.
Well done video! Very good edition and design of information :D
Quick question: how many cats do you have ?
In Japan, you can walk to anywhere. In the U.S., you either don't want to or plain and simple, why walk when you can drive.
My parents don't let me eat out and I can't even remember the last time I had soda.
I thought you guys had stopped making videos.
Sometimes I skip all the meals but most times it's lunch and I eat healthy foods I live in America
Rachel is so beautiful!!!
i'll admit the cup sizes made me laugh
The good side of those small cups is there's less waste and also you have less chance to have diabete
when I went to the US for the first time, I was shocked almost all Americans are fat
hey there’s singapore too
I love using those big plastic cups for refilling water for when I get home. I drink a loooot of water (I mostly order water at restaurants because I love a good ice water) and my dad thinks I'm insane for drinking a bunch of water (I don't overdo it; plus its healthy!)
Sitting here watching this... and eating A&W fast food...burger and poutine, and root beer. Ha. Oh well, It's not like I eat out every night. It's like maybe twice a month.
my family eats out five times a week......😑I just figured out why i lost weight once i started living on my own....
I don't think Americans are fat because of portion size or caloric intake. I mean I eat wayy more than anyone I know and I weigh about 135 and I'm 5'10. But the difference is that I actually eat fruits and vegetables rather than just the standard American diet, which has a lot less calories and carbs than I eat in a normal day. But those are just my views on it lol no hate to anyone out there :)
Plus, which is why i like cities more than subers, we have to drive everywhere so we dont get our daily exercise
i laughed so hard at the business part oml
Wow! You make beautiful jewelry too? Girl, is there anything you can't do?!!?
I desperately need a new cooking video on Jun's Kitchen!
Rachael :D do you cook too? \nOr does just usually do the cooking at home? ^^
Ha ha shameless plugs at the end!!! 🤣🤣 I love it! \nI wish I could cook what jun has on his channel... 1. No time 2. Some of the ingredients are hard to come by. 3. I suck at cooking 🤣🤣🤣🤣
The necklaces and jewelry from your collection are GORGEOUS! If only I had money to but them tho....
I always just drink water. Juice and soda adds uncessary calories
In Portugal drink sizes are similar to Japan in fast food restaurants but at home we do have a habit of drinking with our meals in large glasses and it's usually wine :P
I was just gonna compare some cups \n               -Jun 2017\n lololol Rachel be really taking one for the team by going all the way spending 50 bucks!!! LOL
Rachel dressed in business clothes will forever be engraved into my memory as the most beautiful sight of my life. It's going to be the last thing to flash through my life memories before I pass away from old age. Bless.
Howdy guys, I've been watching your videos for quite some time now and wanted to say that you guys are great! My favorite videos are probably the ones about your cat's and the collaborations you do with other youtubers. Now, a question I'm having is can you go to Japan with an online bachelors degree? I can't go to a regular college due to medical issues I'm having right now and the online college I am looking at is WGU, they are like any other college only online. I've looked through JET and many other places but can't seem to find anything on this. I was hoping since you live in Japan and are able to read their language a lot better than I that you might be able to find something. Maybe a video could be made on this? Like where people can go to find out this kind of information and so fourth. Again, thanks for the videos and looking forward to future ones!
Okay. I wathced this video after founding it in the trending page 3 days ago I think, and now I must say I am a huge fan now! \nThe content you both make is amazing and your relationship alone its gorgeous. i´m subbed now to your three channels and hope you´ll grow more in the platform :) \nThanks! (from Mexico)
How do you eat meals with no water D:
I watch you guys for the the first time in over a year & its a sponsored ad Jun is still a total Hottie ❤ though :)
The US is far from being the more obese country though. Anyway, those soda cups are too big, AND those tiny water glasses are TOO SMOL ! I need water when I eat lol. Crazy people !
My country's listed at 59 somehow. Woah.
jun, please just stop advertising your cooking jun's kitchen channel ! it already is a big channel with just small amzount of high quality videos. what i trying to say, i love your channel, i so enjoy every videos. but at the same time i hate yout channel, because so less videos........ it is understandable, because high quality videos need times, but still (╬￣皿￣)=○  i need more videosssss ┐(◣_◢)┌
i eat out every friday before band call time on fridays.... CAUSE FOOTBALL!!!!!!!!!!  JK i hate football i just like the musics...
That subtle promotion of Jun's cooking channel though HAHHA
Great video, guys! Very interesting :)
So I'm aware this is a serious topic and I'd hate for any japanese girl to think she's fat or ugly just bc she isn't idol-thin but tHe PHOTOSHOP! I'm crying omg what's wrong with their legs?? and the hips ohh myy
I'm still shocked that not drinking fluids during meals help with digestion. I eat like a grandpa and I choke on my food almost every time so I need water to swallow things easily.\n\nAlso, I think different ingredients or preparation methods can be the reason why some items have a higher calorie-per-gram content. Most of the time, one will have a higher fat content than the other (as fat has 9 kcal per gram, while carbs and protein have 4 kcal per gram, according to most nutrition labels).
We have the second most are u serious?
the sellout is strong in this one but I still like you guys keep going!
it might be the first time i have adds at the end of the video instead of having them at the beginning ahahhaha\njk, love your cooking channel!
When I was younger, my family would never have anything to drink with dinner. Mostly because of me. I would drink all of my drink and be too full to eat.
the end of this was weird and made me uncomfortable
I usually have a small drink of tea with me when I eat because I have psychosomatic esophageal spasms when I eat sometimes :D
wow the quality of this video is crazy<3
I think the main cause is the sugar intake from large amount of fizzy drinks, \nSugar is much worse than fried food and burgers
*looks in the mirror* Im surprised the average for SG is only 23.6...\n\n*looks at everyone in my class* Yeah... nvm XD
Jun is cute if he cuts his hair short
“And check my cooking channel <Jun’s kitchen>, where a demonstrate to you how to correctly sharpen a shitty knife into a master piece”. \nThat gives more publicity!
I fail to see the difference between the S and M size fries from McD's Japan. They look exactly the same. The Teritama Burger does look really good though haha.
Funny n very informative !! 👏 i love the effort !!
I love this!! So glad to see the differences between us. Tons of information as well. And if this was just a clever way to promote Jun's Kitchen I ain't even mad 😂
Sugar plays in the biggest role in making people fat and 2nd is genes.\n\nPS. Rachel is super hawt
The only time I eat out is ordering pizza and that rare. I really hate fast food.
HA!!! Just goes to show that it is not the real food value in fast food that is the problem but how often you eat this fast food. How interesting to see that Japanese Fast food has more calories.... just that Japanese people eat less fast food WOW. A really interesting and informative video, well done you two.
Ugh did she ever fill her eyebrows in
Who’s lamikayla (or something) at 3 minutes?
I'm on vacation and I ordered your book and it just got to my house and I'm like holy shit. I'm going to have YOUR book when I get home. Holy shit.
Where did you get that necklace!?!?! someone please tell me!
Oh I feel so bad now I'm getting hr book tomorrow it's Saturday for me right now I feel so bad
I live in Dallas texas
At like 6:03 she did the Demi lavato thing from sonny with a chance/that's so random I'm living
Gabbie: I hope I'm being loud enough because I can't here myself!\nMe: Don't worry, your yelling😂
Literally before the gabbie showed the girl who brought her makeup brushes i said Watch everyone bring her makeup brushes
I read the book in one day! It’s AMAZING! I love you so much!
that singer was amazing!
WE HAVE THE SAME SHIRT (: (:
Was that grama a dude dressed up?
I WAS TGE ONE WEARING THE SKELINGTON SHIRT AT 4:50
IM LIVING FOR THAT LAUGH AFTER SAYING SHE WAS SICK
I'm a relatively new subscriber and I only watched your videos in the mornings getting ready for work. I preordered your book like on the 15th from Amazon and got it on the 18th. I'm really enjoying it and I love your videos. Thank you for being genuine and amazing.
Her vlogs arnt that behind anymore she just said she had no brushes not too long ago on her snapchat.  Go follow gabbie on snapchat @the gabbie show
Ooohh Gabby is using the same contour pallet I have
I've been putting off buying the book cause I've been busy but I just did while watching this video! I relate to out loud so much and I'm so excited! If you see this... I want to do out loud in Sign language for my channel!!?
I'm just a few hundred miles away from Houston. Why couldn't she come to San Angelo Texas 😭
WAIT! GABBIE NEEDS TO GET THAT SEXY SINGERS NAME. HE WAS CUTE AND HE OBVIOUSLY THOUGHT GABBIE WAS HOT. THEY NEED TO DATE!
OMG I LIVE IN TEXAS CAN YOU COME TO AUSTIN😍😍😍
When are you coming to North Carolina?
please come to louisana some time because i love you and like if you live in louisana
why not direct your fans to a charity instead of giving you gifts?
I wanted to go but I was scared to go alone 😭 I wish I would have gone to meet you!!! ♥️♥️
😳wa I've always used my fingers to do my makeup
IT! WHEN SHE SAID IT I DIED OF JOY I LOVE IT
Gabbie, I ordered the book and couldn't wait for it to arrive, but it didn't arrive on the 19th. I waited a couple of days, but it still hadn't arrived, so my mum looked online and it still hasn't been dispatched and will arrive from the 4th-25th of October... 😢 😭
That's it. I'm going to pre-order the book (it isn't out I the Netherlands yet)
I cant find your book anywhere in New Zealand but as soon as I can track it down I’m gonna buy it, super excited and so proud of you gab ❤️
Your deaf because the mucus in ur nose is blocking ur ears
I'm crying life got in the way and I couldn't go see you im legit crying rn I love you so much you don't even know
Someone get that man a record deal he was so good
I'm genuinely happy for you❤️
So proud of you✌✌💞
At 2:08 Its like watching Lilly signing how to be a bawse all over again
I have that shirt!!!!!!
Tana and Gabbie new physic twins, their shaking in their boots
PIKACHU!
I only use my fingers XD
The face of the grandma in 5:35😂😂😂
I really wish I could go D'X my closest book stop has been sold out for a while. maybe one day she will come back to New York so I could meet her :(
Please come to Virginia!
I AM DYING! \nI am originally from the town where you had the first book signing but I now live in CO! \nThats katy mills mall! Thats the mall I literally hung out at every weekend of jr high! I went through so much stuff there as weird as that sounds! I wish I could have been there to meet you there cause it honestly would have meant a little more! \nCrazy! haha
Gabbie!! I just ordered your book!
Gabbie i can't afford your song or your book. I feel like i'm not enough as a fan. :(
5:28 the guard behind gabbie is looking at her ass
so cool! I always run into people from Pittsburgh any time i travel. also live for the emo music played over montages
Im late on this video to but its ok i love ur make up to💙💙
wish i had money yo get your book!!!!!!! also you should've come to Minnesota
Funny bc she actually Wore her makeup like this on her book tour bc she left her brushes somewhere😂
gabbie u should come to Kansas
i loved that you used my favourite TBS song <3
Go to the hoapital and get your ears drained
Gabbie is so successful and I'm proud of her!
I want my book to come already, i've been so excited for it for months and it hasn't arrived T_T
i'm sad i couldn't come to see you while you were here, but i'm still sending you love from houston!
Gabbie i love you ❤️💕 have fun on book tour and please if you do another book tour come to Oahu PLEASE but if you can't I understand. 😄
I love how Gabbie is so real. Unlike other youtubers she is open to her fans and just tells the truth, without being fake and making things up. I love you Gabbie <3
gabbie how long are you staying in houston?
Please do a UK book signing!
hey gabby if you're reading this i think some people would like a longer slower clip of all of your fans who came to your tour stop so they can almost pick out faces from the crowd!
I bought adultolesons (sorry for my bad spelling..), and sometimes secretly, I take the book to school and the poems really inspire me and sometimes I write them down, and I got an 100% on poet! Hopefully you are okay with that, if you arent I will stop doing it :)
*I LOVE GABBIE SO MUCH*  ❤💙💚💛💜🖤
come to dacono Colorado!!!!! Pwease!!
YOU BETTER WIFE THAT SINGER
Bought the book, hasn't arrived yet, so excited though!!
5:29 That guard is checking out her ass
I still wanna know how Gabbie did her eyebrows without a brush!!
I JUST WANNA BREAK YOU DOWN SO BADLY~ 🎶
That security guard kept checking you out lol, but I see why cause you were looking fine! That body is goals girl! ❤
I got chills when I met that little girl and when that guy sang😭😍😭😍😭
I'm so proud of gabbie
Girl that man was so many levels of fine.
If you came to my city and you were sick I would be honored to catch a cold from you 😭😭💀
Does anyone know if the guy who sang has an instagram?
Conspiracy theory on our shirt with pikachu😂😂
I BOUGHT YOUR BOOK❤️
Ahhh I started crying, is this normal? Anyone else?
She's so fucking nice to her fans I love it 😍
The officer is MY BROTHER!!!  Officer Justice!!  (Yes it's our name)Hahaha!!  He worked the event b/c I asked him if he could so he could get a book signed for me since she isn't coming to Philly.  Best Brother Ever!!!  \nhttps://twitter.com/amy9181/status/910463344175468546
Come to Canada Mississauga so I can buy your book because I would really enjoy reading your book
I WISH I COULD MEET YOU!! :(
i am just so proud of you gabbie. keep killing it girl! ❤❤
You were in Houston and I didn't get to see you I'm like an hour away 😭😭
Why don't you just buy some cheap brushes from target
Bro did this makeup thing ever happen to you???\n\n\nRead More
gabbie is literally so radiant and glowing! i'm also really happy that she's so confident with her body now and seems so happy and carefree !
love you gabbie yall follow me on Instagram @datsmygranny praise the Lord Hallelujah 🤘🤘🤙
5:25 I SHIPPPP IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT /)3[]3/)
The granny is soooo kind
Omg i cant beleive how amazing you are
NOOO U WISH I COULDVE SEEN YOU!!!!!!
DANGITT I GOT NO TICKETS IM IN NAC NUUUUU
Causally playing emo music
Didn't you get your brows microbladed?
clickbait title
WAS THAT MADEA
u neeeed to come to Lawrence pleaaaaaaaase
Now this is huge!!!!!!!!!!!!!! West Coast Stand Up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this story! Everyone in this world has a gift. It's just up to you to tap into what your talent is. And to show people that we can get along.........wow! Love it!
Luv my people so much.This is gud for the community.
Much love to my brothers from CPT. Keep hustling
Why didn't the guy in the red talk?
CBM all as one I started that Crip blood movement
We got juicy j and Shaquille O'Neal 😂😂😂
Smfh...  Kill each other over colors. But can get past the gang shit when it comes to food? Y'all are confused.....
First of all.......... WE BLACK  - The Future , lets keep it going , Beautiful.
There movement is amazing for the City. Salute to these brothers
I been fallowing these dudes for min. Shits real. Man y'all do ya thing.
See, THIS is what's up. Something positive! If they open something out here in NY, then I''d definitely be a customer. The food looks pretty good on their Instagram.
🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵\nHONOR & RESPECT AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL!
Salute to them brothas. May blessings and prosperity be permanent residents in ya lives !!
Angela a fool for that  Booking' comment lmao
I Know the white man piss lol
Lmaoooo!!! Mane I JUST met Spank last week at this event out here in LA. I had no idea he did this but he befriended me right out the gate & showed love just cuz I'm from Memphis. Dude 100
Colorado is a food desert for real
Blood didn't like that book book shit.
So you ride on your own kind for red and blue,wow.
The blood dudes eyes move so damn fast lol he looks everywhere in a split second
Columbus Georgia down with it....
They still have their flags on though? Are they still in or out?
When black people learn that they need each other the better we will all become
Why does the dude next to envy always look like he's out of it? Get that man some coffee or a new job.
this is the most beautiful thing ever
This is amazing. SPANK is the boo!
The guy with the red bandana face, when he said a book book, he wasn't happy
Zero credibility when you say you went to cooking school to get out of gang banging but still gang hanging and repping gangs. Will not be supporting any business like this
Moms duke tired of me getting in trouble so... Nigga i chose culinary
I like how Envy is concious of he tells to not cuss 😂😂
Just a regenerated version of the Zealots and Sicarii when we were back in Israel much love.
A real breath of fresh air honestly
These comments are ridiculous. Y'all talking about profanity and they gay. Instead that these are two young B L A C K men who are entrepreneurs who have the potential to unify Crips x Bloods. \n\nI'm proud of these brothas 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾❤️
I bout the book some bhicken right now
Now this is the Shit everyone needs to be showcasing and shedding light on! These dudes is on the way to a MILLION real quick. Great video great story great energy to put out to the world.
These brothers just proved 2 things to me.....no matter what city you in or no matter what you doing to achieve your dreams.....LEGAL OR ILLEGAL ......them white folks gone be there to try and stop yo black ass lol.....hearing these brothers got they shit LLC up, insurances up and professional is whats up.....2nd thing is stop hating on each other....the world is big enough for us all to get paper.....we're stronger together than against each other we just gotta find our own lane( Restaurant on Wheels)....then link up with like minds then unite with others in different lanes to expand and network .
this is really cool
The fact that they still glorify their gangs by wearing their flag is just pitiful. Get out the life it's what is killing millions of black people. I'm sorry but I can't hear a word their saying because the stupidity they reppin is drowning out any sound.
Spicy mac and cheese! I need that!!
Bra this is super dope big up
He is this ? Chingy and shaq
This is so dope, unity is the key, lets work together and generate profit. time to build IN, and FOR our communities. We dnt need any more of our brothers blood spilled
The bandannas were necessary, I respect their hustle and hope they inspire other gang bangers to put the guns and get money the legit way. But I guess they had to make it visually stimulating for the viewers.
Damn they need to come to atl w the food truck!
C Tha God with another incognito positive message to the people. My man been making it happen behind the scenes, giving platforms to people who would otherwise never get it. Much respect to the man.
It's clear these two niggas be on some gay ass eating and fucking type shit too!!
This is why people make fun of yall.. Fucking idiots..
I kinda like the concept, especially if the food is good ! 🙈😋😍
Nigga in the background was not feeling it lol
#OMGTHEMOVEMENT
THEY FUCKIN OR NAH
Doubtful.
Good kids
I love seeing gangstas come together dope shit
Why the blood look fruity tho lol
YALLL ONNNNN YESSSS LORD 🙏🏾🙌🏽🏆
Nobody likes to DJ Envy
Good shit breakfast club
Black people love gangs
Dope!!!...#GIVEmeJESUS
Blood look like Juicy J
issa couple!
this was lovely
Much RESPECT   REDBLUE
🗣Respect The Hustle!!!💯💯
nig9aa n red remind me Chingy
Grown men fighting over colours.\nFck outta here!
This is beautiful.
Coping the cook book!
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=91513
You guys should interview Daddy Yankee
D.J.N Around The World 🌎 CdBaby https://store.cdbaby.com/m/cd/djn2 🌎 \nSoundCloud https://soundcloud.com/i_am_djn/around-the-world 🌎 \nYouTube https://youtu.be/3eA93wSosEQ 🌎
Sick
Envy a great dude my nigga.
yo this dope as shit
Loved this!! Rooting for these brothas success.
ICE T COLORS COLORS COLORS
RED+BLUE=GREEN
formoneyonly.com/?refer=98148
a cook book? a book book
Love this
Love it
https://youtu.be/C-UCzJtO8Ck\nCheck it out
PRAISE GOD!
The Crip nigga said oh yea i love blueberries on my waffles lmaoo
this wpuld be an amazing boondocks episode
this shit fake
Homies over hoes
*Are уou lоокing for hot dаtеs in yоur nеighbourhоod?*

59X_zkBglEY,\n *Thеy hеrе ➤➤* http://edihero.ru/hot/?v=59X_zkBglEY_984479
💯it
Gotta support these dudes...
God Keep Blessings These Guys 💯💯💯
School boy q n YG😄
Yooo I used to bloods periscope
Shit that movie Moonlight is real!  2 gay ass thug wannabes. \nGrown ass men acting pathetic
California #1
#amazing #awesome #salute #respect #blessings #congratulations #beautiful
Why the nigga in the red looking at homie like a proud mom in the thumbnail
deep water more pressure, space vacuum & radiation so we need suitable suites and environment. simple instead of long boring video :P
This whole thing was very narrow minded and short sighted.\n\nIf we had the technology to build under water biospheres, pressure wouldn't be an issue. The structural integrity of the system would be high enough to not need to highly pressurize the air inside to combat the external pressure. Boom. Air pressure problem solved.\n\nWe have the means to generate artificial sunlight that can grow plants and stimulate vitamin d production.\nBoom your vitamin D problem solved. Plant growth problem solved.\n\nRegular plumbing. Boom. Urine / waste issue solved.\n\nHumidity. Really? Ever hear of dehumidifiers? Problem solved.\n\nLiterally every problem you mentioned has already been solved. We do have the technology and means to build such a structure. It would be massive and immensely thick to hold back the water pressure but we *COULD* do it.\n\nCO2 scrubbing and water reclamation. The list goes on.\n\nWhat a short sighted video.
I've got a question, why is salt and pepper singled out as the 2 condiments that you would want most with food?
Given money and resource isn't an issue, couldn't we solve all those issues with tidal generators (powering machines that normalise pressure), giant sunlight simulating LED's, aquaphobic coatings and genetically modified plants to create extra oxygen for a set populous?
Underwater? Outer space? Why not both!? Stargate Atlantis <3
I still dont really get the preassure thing tbh :(\nWhy would preassure be a thing i would have to handle with if im in a building underwater?\nYou even mentioned how submariens dont deal with the preassure.
Would our bodies be able to adapt to all those not so friendly conditions throughout generations though? Evolution has shown that adaptations to crazy things are possible.
Question: why does hair go grey and why has my nose and ears started sprouting hair in midde age? Yuck. Thanks
The Bends is a great album.
What are we doing to prevent global warming
Great video, well done, well researched. I shared it.
Serious question:  When a person eats sweets, if one's pancreas does not produce enough insulin on its own, one becomes diabetic.  When one uses artificial sweeteners, does one have the possibility of becoming a patient of artificial Diabetes?  Given the sweetness of these artificial sweeteners, would it not fool the pancreas and other bodily functions to cause such a situation?
If there's so much radiation in space, how do astronaughts stay safe whlist in space?
Why an earth would you want to live underwater?
You can have your underwater envionment at normal atmospheric pressure as long as your habitat is built strongly enough. The humidity thing is BS, it can be as dry as you want.
I think all my friends have got the Bends
Why can't you have a double wall structure with pressurized walls and have regular pressure for the people inside?
Where have I seen him?😅
yea people, living underwater isnt a good idea, i choose space
In reference to the flashes of light that astronauts see when they close their eyes from radiation effects, it can also be caused by Cherenkov radiation. Ground based experiments have not narrowed the exact cause yet, so both direct nerve optic nerve interaction and Cherekov radiation are the suspected causes.
We are not fish.
Don't be stupid, comeback to reality.
What about using virtual reality to 'fool' the brain to not feel like you are in a small enclosed space ?
On the oil rig Byford Dolphin there was an incident where 4 divers died from explosive decompression, their body's exploded and chunks were thrown up to 30m's away, and now I know exactly how, cheers Greg!
SeaQuest DSV <3
Arguably, their BEST album!
8/10 NEEDS MOAR WATER!!!
9:35 that face lol
Actually mentioned Bioshock, kewl
Book recommendation for everyone who enjoyed this video: Seveneves.
He's so hot.
If someone had the infinite amount of funds, what would a city on the ocean require? How many people can one city handle? What would be the minimum and maximum amount of the population in that city?
Martini effect= Sex on the Beach affect to those of us left behind in Thatchers Britain!
No gods or kings, only man.
First
Shiit 2nd :D
Due to the overwhelming response to this video, I felt it appropriate to give an explanation.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmkAvnnFICE&feature=youtu.be
It's apart of Japanese culture. Basically the inclusion of Golf means he is with the switch and is supporting it. He's seeing the success of his hard work.
The sound it makes at the game's boot up clearly says chokusetsu, which is Japanese for directly, in Iwata's voice.\nBeautiful stuff.
*Summoning Iwata's ghost intensifies*
I really gotta learn sign language.
Bru I’m pretty amazed that you did all that backwards honestly
I need to connect to the monitor and demonstrate it
its not showing a thing there to allow me to change the system time and date
Do you get to keep the game, or is it only playable on July 11th?
That's pretty creepy the way this is hidden inside without Nintendo saying anything about and the way you have to do Iwata's directly to you hand sign,  now now I'm staring at my switch all weird while playing Splatoon 2 LOL.
He died on my birthday.
I can't get it to woek
This legit makes me want to cry.
We miss you Iwata-san TT.TT\nMad respect for Nintendo for that easter egg!
Nar this doesn't work..
You know, I never believed my friend when he said an NES game showed up when he was moving around his Joy-Cons a while back. Interesting to know it was Golf.
This is such a thoughtful tribute ...that is makes me want to cry! :')
How the fuck did you figure that out??
Goat fire brigade'  helps save Spain from forest fires\nhttps://youtu.be/ImFJAw2SnZg
I understood how the 3ds had all types of hidden games, but why would Nintendo make you summon a game?
Cool video paying your respects to him. 👍
i used to rock this game on my nes
Hey that's some pretty good asmr
thank you for posting this.
I did the exact same thing and yet i didnt get it
May I put forward a proposition; you shout me out, and I reciprocate (Do the same)
Oh man, I remember that game.
This is on trending
i'm not crying
it doesnt work to me.. i make thise stupid moves with the joy con's since 10 min but it doesnt open the game
Nice to see Iwata's name trending on YouTube..
I just don't buy it. Can't get it to work and it's too damn cryptic.
I like that Nintendo makes family-oriented products, as compared to the other companies.
He is the OA
doesnt work for me NOOOOOO i wanna play it
free game behind a dance-wall
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
Eh, what? I don't understand how I can do this???
This video is so stupid, thus guy changes the date and makes some stupid moves, why do you dont speak? Whats the problem too explain this..
I'm very confused wtf is happening
I believe it's fake
i managed to find it thanks
This is some Ready Player One level shit
Oh good now every time I look at my switch i'll CRY
I'm not crying, you're crying ;_;
So lets keep count of the amount of viewers that don't even have a Nintendo but still watched the whole video. 😄
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
Wow that's one heck of an easter egg and a great tribute to Iwata!
It's real and I am moved. I don't know what to say.
So can this game ONLY be played on July 11th? Or does playing it once unlock it to play whenever? My Switch is connected to the internet so I can't check it myself.
O mais impressionante é ver o cara fazendo tudo ao contrário, provavelmente com auxílio de um espelho. Que cordenação impecável!
Clickbait.
UAU.. Best tribute easter egg ever time...
For you
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
My heart.
whosyscardsysbettersothersgamesysboycoloradvanceds3dssofstsyswaresysforssvresys2018ns2019
i got chills...
Directly to you!\n直接！Choku setsu!
Wow
Ya'll remember Lee Trevino's Golf??
illuminate conspiracy 😂
#35 on trending congrats
#35 on trending gg
zen-like tutorial.
im crying real tears right now
直接(DIRECT TO YOU)
I wanna see Etika play this on stream
God bless Nintendo, man
Wow your trending with 48 subs
Yoga at its finest!
Stuff that should be trending
すごい！👏
face reveal?
on my console it dont work :(
fucking moron can't speek? holy fuck wts is this? get cancer and die.
I can’t get it to work. Help?
donget it, you just wave your hands around and the game starts?
is it possible to do this without hacking your switch?
This video was made on my friends birthday
check.  out.    watch.     now.   \nshared.    my.      video.    2017.
Get a pc
Holy moly can you speak or not?
Never bothered connecting my Switch to the internet. Reset the date to 07/11. Turned system off and on several times to confirm date stayed at 07/11. Held the damned joycons exactly as video demonstrated. Followed the EXACT motions video did. Nothing unlocked.\n\nEither this is fake, or the person doing this video needs to take a couple of steps back and do this again to show the EXACT motions made when hands fell off-camera.
Good job hitting trending on YouTube . Iwata would of loved this if he was still with us
How did someone figure all of this out?
fake
I just got a switch and cant get it to launch...brand new but it wont launch
Wow, how did this pass 7/11/2017?
I just want to know how long and how many hand movement combos it took for him to find the easter egg lol...he has to know a designer
Unfortunately wont work for me. Been at it for 15 minutes with 2 different sets of joy-cons doing my best interpretation of the gesture (and of course date set to 7/11) but no luck.
Are you supposed to press any of the top shoulder buttons when you do this?
Wtf is this on trending
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
Top 10 Creepypasta Rituals
Oh yeah reaaaall cool guy,  😑
Stupid .  Why you no narrate
Huh,,,gayyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Iwata almost ran Nintendo into the fucking ground
Nintendo was so afraid of losing money that they put the shittiest fucking golf game in it rather than something that's good, good on you Nintendo
In these tense political times We should all come together to appreciate that this video wasn't filmed vertically
Water sucks, Gatorade is better.
The god of mud is angry
Well, Laotians are famous for owning donut shops in America.  oops, make that Cambodians are donut shop owners.  What are Laotians good at?  Certainly not in dam engineers.  I would think the engineers are either Chinese or Russian.  Russians not that good I would think.  (their aircraft suck!)  And the Chinese?  Hmm, ever hear the term Made in China?  Best they call American engineers.
I think I'd have to take that guy who blocked the road with the machinery and throw him over the edge if I survived.
What happened to the stupid fuck who blocked the road and the other two drivers? The cameraman was too stupid filming stuff that wasn't important.
how do I hire this tractor driver?? I have a job i need to get done within 10 years. He's perfect for the gig.
Shut the fuck up
In any state this
That guy that ended up blocking the road, if he survives is gonna get such a beathing by the other blokes 😂😂
Where did this happen? Location?
nice,thats not magma (sorry for english)
Truck guys die?  Seems like they should have just run up hill...
Just sitting over here wondering why this is happening\nEdit: I’m dumb
I hope that guy in the truck is okay...
Am I the only one annoyed that people thing the thing blocking the road is a tractor?
Omg, I hope all those people are ok
The dude yelling and hootin says it all !
wow way to park a road grader in the only escape route, asshole in the red shirt. sure hope one of the people you killed was your boss cause otherwise you are in trooooouble
0:05 The guy leaving the grader in gear should be put on trail for his hideous act. What a complete moron! According to the news, no one was killed in this accident - but that was more luck than anything else, this idiot didn't help the situation.
I rather die in the mud then listen to this awful shrieking voice
No offense but i really thought the title said jiberish
Lol...i just saw this on the daily dose of internet lol
Words canno... stupidity... two drivers...even in the moment...I can't...Darwin...incredible.
Anyone else scream RUN from the first look at the video? And continued screaming until it was obvious that people died?
LAVA IS RISING, GET TO HIGH GROUND!!!
FOR THE HILLS, BOYS! RUN FOR THE HILLS!!
Why is everyone here unrealistically stupid? That you could go faster off of that tractor and let people through without it walking away but now he just had to back it up and block the only way out for cars and trucks
This woman is literally hollering like a monkey 😂😂😂
retarded fucking women all they do is scream for no reason when theres trouble
He is warning of Pizza and Bear Monsters and to vote for Bernie Sanders.
O shit that's a lot of chocolate milk
Get out of the tractor, get in the truck and go....better yet, don't run down the road..go up the hill.
Wtf I didn't know they had chocolate rivers in Laos
(((Homosexuality is an abomination before a Holy God. If they dont repent and stop doing this sinful act they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Are they going to be lovers of their flesh more then lovers of their God/Creator??? And here is the scriptural Proff in the scriptures)))...  \nThen the Lord said, The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is so great and their sins so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as bad as the outcry that has reached me, if not, I will know. (Genesis 18:20-21). Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom-Both young and old-surrounded the house. They called to lot, Where are the men, (Two Angels), who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them. (Genesis 19:4-5). Get out of our way, They replied. And they said, This fellow, (Angels), came here as alien, and now they want to play the judge we'll treat you worse than them.  They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door. But the men/Angels inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door. Then the Men/Angels struck the men who were at the door of the house young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door. (Genesis 19:9-11). The Angels said to Lot, Get your relatives out of here, Because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it. (Genesis 19:12-13).\n\nDo not lie with a man as one lies with a women; it is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22). If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have committed an abomination. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:13). A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for all that do so are an abomination unto the Lord thy God. (Deuteronomy 22:5). There were even Sodomites in the land; The people engaged in all the abomination practices of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites. (1 Kings 14:24).\n\n Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, as his father David had done. He expelled the Sodomites from the land and got rid of all the idols his fathers had made. (1 Kings 15:11-12). He rid the land of the rest of the Sodomites who remained there even after the reign of his father Asa. (1 Kings 22:46). He also tore down the quarters of the Sodomites that were by the house of the Lord and where women did weaving for Asherah. (2 Kings 23:7). No one who has been emasculated/castrated by cutting or crushing the male sex organ may enter the assembly of the Lord. (Deuteronomy 23:1).\n\nGod gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. (Romans 1:26-27). (Homosexual/Sodomite sympathizers), although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things, but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:32). Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the fornicators, nor idolaters nor adulterers nor Homosexual/Effeminate/Sodomites nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11). That the law is not made for a righteous person, but for the lawless and insubordinate, for the ungodly and for sinners, for the unholy and profane, for murders of fathers and mothers, for manslayers, for fornicators, for Sodomites, for kidnappers, for liars, for perjurers, and if there is any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine. ( 1 Timothy 1:9-10). Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to fornication and going after strange flesh, (Homosexual/Sodomites). They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire. (Jude 7). Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers in the world, to abstain from fleshly desires, which war against your souls. (1 Peter 2:11).\n\n Everyone that is Proud in heart is an Abomination to the Lord: though they join forces, none will go unpunished. (Proverbs 16:5). Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. (Proverbs 16:18). To fear the Lord is to hate evil; I hate pride and arrogance, evil behavior and perverse speech. (Proverbs 8:13). He (God) beholdeth all high things: He (Satan) is a king over all the children of pride. (Job 41:34). God opposed the Proud but gives grace to the humble. (James 4:6).\n\nThe look on their faces testifies against them; they parade their sin like Sodom; they do not hide it, Woe to them! They have brought disaster upon themselves. (Isaiah 3:9). God is just: He will pay back to those who trouble you, and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when The Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful Angel punishing those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out of the presence of the Lord. (2 Thessalonians 1:7-9). Call on to Jesus for forgiveness and He will set you free and be your God. Jesus said: Unless you are born again, (With the Holy spirit), you cannot enter the Kingdom of God. (John 3:3).\n\nJesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Parish. (Luke 13:3). Don't you know that you yourself are Gods temple and that God spirit lives in you? If anyone destroys God's temple, God will destroy them; For Gods temple is sacred, and you are that temple. (1 Corinthians 3:16-17). So if the Sodomite commit, or anyone by that matter commit suicide and not repent of their sins. Jesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Perish. (Luke 13:3).\n\nThey will be cast into outer darkness. Where there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and the fire is never quenched. Jesus said in, (Luke 13:28), (Matthew 13:42), (Matthew 25:29-30), (Matthew 8:12), (Matthew 22:13), (Mark 9:48).\n\nSee Jesus always talked about Hell, but people never wanted to talk or hear about it. Always love love love. But people are going to find out about Gods wrath the hard way if they keep going to these false ministers and living in Sin.\n\nJesus said: Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the son of man. (Luke 6:22). Jesus said: Woe to you when all men speak well of you, for that is how their fathers treated the false Prophets. (Luke 6:26). Jesus said: If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. (John 15:18). Jesus said: If you belong to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world that is why the world hates you. (John 15:19).\n\nAm I now trying to win the approval of men, or of God? Or am I trying to please men? If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ. (Galatians 1:10).\n\nJesus said: the world does not hate you, but It hates me because I testify its works are evil. (John 7:7).\nJesus said: Nevertheless I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, the comforter/Holy spirit will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you, and when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of Judgment: of sin, because they believe not on me. (John 16:7).\n\nTopheth ,(Hell), has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the king (Satan). Its fire pit has been made deep and wide with an abundance of fire and wood; the breath of the Lord, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze. (Isaiah 30:33).  \n\nJesus said: Then he will say to those on his left. Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. (Matthew 25:41).\n\nThis is not a hate speech, this is love speech. Please don't trample on the Blood of Jesus. He wants to save you and set you free. I love each and every one of you, just like Jesus did on the cross for you and me.
That guy on the grader should be shot. Bailing and blocking the road.
Go around the damn tractor. There was room to do so!!
Mother nature is getting mad bc these little sh*t keep testing nuclear bomb.\nF# humanity - our kind cannot survive without killing one other.
Someone had to use the bathroom emergency.
what the fuck is up with all the women holding a camera and screaming like absolute fucking animals while witnessing a disaster like this?! like, there are so many videos like this where the female camera holder is screaming like a fucking goat! shut your fucking whore mouth cause there is nothing you can do, you stupid fucking bitches!
im going to get some chocolate milk now.
@ 1:32 JUST WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT!?
The title says it all !!!
Sad that people can be so dumb.\nAll they had to do was run away, but nope.\nThis is more like suicide than anything.
Should have ran up hill to the right...
At first I was like oh shit their river is going pretty fast. Then I was like why they running. THEN I was like oh the water is going a bit crazy. THE THE FUCKING MUD MOVED CARS OUT OF THE WAY?! I'd run faster than a black guy in a horror movie
im mesmerized by the trees getting knocked down, one by one, on the other side of the river
The guy trying to move the giant tractor to save some money almost got everyone killed. Idiot.
lmao at the guy in the tiny truck honking his horn.
guy in tractor jumped out at 0:06
Big ass tractor blocking the path is an example of Murphy's Law at its finest.
my disrepect to all of this little whores - thai people & other shit
I hate when nature decides to ruin things.... like cant you see nows not the time...
O...m...g that fucking guy in the tractor, just ride with the other guys
peasants are so goddamn retarded  :D  i'd jump on my nutsack and ride down the river on my dick while using my farts as a motor!!!
One complete jack@$$ in a tractor blocks the entire emergency access/egress route \nThey should tear that guy a new one
на 1.05 отчетливо слышится убирай ее на..уй!!
Idiot blocked the road, moron.
все это очень страшно. Надеюсь без человеческих жертв.
Тварь на грейдере убить надо!!!!
911....(explains it)
Меня больше всего удивляет как они неторопливо выезжают, че потоп обычное дело
esto es asombroso
Holy fuck!!
dam(n)
Wtf
Aaaai
DOHMAH!!!!
that dude's scratchy voice omg
That scream at 0:10
Бегите глупцы!
She sounds like satan
Oh cool, Chocolate milk. Yum
Holy crap!
Anyone here from RR?
9/11. Never forget.
Good. Leave nature alone.
Dtai sum
Done on purpose?? #9/11
This is fucking awesome!!!!!
OI!\n\n\n\n\nWOOO!!!!
@0:21 he did his mating call
Mother Nature said no
Mother Nature 2020
Damn
Those damn Ents again!
OPRAH WINFREY rectal cleansing.
Daaaaam!
Well, dam. (Double pun!)
Lum yeh mo yeh
На грейдере пидорас!
4 letters:\n\n\n\n\n\nGtfo!!
Built ford tough...*washes away*
wow
Ocean Man getting dirty.
Como siempre...hay alguien que piensa más en sus vehículos que en su propia vida
This is so sad, but the woman screaming is so random
Ar first, it looked like shitty CGI, but damn!... shit got real
Im glad this shit happens!!!! Fuck all this mothefuckers trying to kill the ecosystem over money \n.
This looks so fake. \n\nWater moves like that and dudes are moving trucks at a snail's pace just yards away from the tsunami in the movie 2012.
attention whore alert
Comes off like a bit of a bullshit artist
The guy is riddled with insecurities
this guy is so full of shit
I wouldn't be superseded if half his story's are made up.
This guy is dumb as fuck
Some guys have lost 12 million \nThere are people who have lost wayyyyy more....
Guy seems like a total arsehole and all his money is from his dad who's nothing more than a white collar criminal
Obnoxious cunt
Would love to hear from these people that he actually paid of losing bets. His face turns red the more he talks. I lost 6 million on a coin flip but sweating a guy trying to row across the Atlantic and break a world record gtfo. Ask any poker pros before 2014 nobody knew who you were or ever seen you in Vegas. The guy has $0 tournament winnings. Buys into cash games takes a couple of pics and leaves after a hour of walking around
Dan is a fucking idiot who is famous because all his money he had that from his dad lmfao.
This guy is super full of himself , every time I see this guy i say he can't get worse...im wrong
Bilzerian's the man
Douche
THIS GUY IS SUCH A TOOL. SWEATING 30 DAYS BECAUSE OF 500.000 DOLLARS, THAT TELLS ALL ABOUT THIS RICH KID. JUST WAIT AND SEE WHEN NEXT YEAR HE IS GIVING INTERVIEW HOW HE LOST ALL HIS MONEY IN GAMBLING!
This guy is the definition of a meat head.  What a fucking idiot.
and so? you want a medal?
It's important to consider all of the facts before finalizing a decision.
I don't care that he's rich, I hate the way he shows it off and how he spends it so recklessly
Allen Iverson!!!!!
Damn bro... Come on man
What a funny guy haha, wish i lived his life
This guy will eventually die because of his careless life style. That or he will go broke
dan ur the man
Piece of garbage, he could pay me less to fight a pack of hyenas and he'd get his F'n money's worth while drinking whatever overpriced swill he drinks.\n\n\nBut if I survived the hyenas, I'd soooo want to shove hyena meat down his throat...
this guy needs to take shrooms
Because of the solar eclipse!! Look it what is causing harricane and earthquake!
Many serve satan,false gods,andsacrafice to false gods.The WRATH of ALLMIGHTY GOD is coming.REPENT and turn to the real God,before it is to late.The Lord REIGNETH.JESUS Christ is Lord.
0:01 that map image is not Mexico City -.- \nMexico City its much bigger and surrounded by mountains. It also doesn’t have a river cutting thought it
Sept 7 earthquake and after a week they got hit again by earthquake. Wtf
Where are the so called, Absolutely Horrific Images?
Societies are a direct reflection of the people who live in\nand create them. Mexicans created Mexico. Mexico blows for one reason and one reason only. Mexico blows\nbecause it’s full of LOW STANDARDS, LOW MORALS life style Mexicans. Everywhere\na Mexican goes in the world, he can only recreate the disaster that is Mexico. This is because this is what his culture has programmed\nhim to do.\n\n\n\n80% of Mexico\nwants to come to America.\nIf we let 90 million more Mexicans flood our heaving shores, America\nwill become Mexico\nNorth by default.\n\n\n\nMexico\nhands down is the most horrifically dark and corrupt country on the face of the\nearth. Try driving across the Yucatan\nor down the Pacific coast...The government preys on the people and has for 400\nyears. They drive their poor slaves northward so that they can export their\ndiseases and poverty to the US.\nThey want the $26 Billion a year they send home. \n\n\n\n\n\nIf our inefficient and corrupt government actually cared about Americans or the\nMexican people they'd close the borders and deport all the illegals they could\ncatch. The returning Mexicans (who are owed nothing by the US)\nwould probably plunge the country of Mexico\ninto political turmoil and unless that happens things there will remain pretty\ndark. \n\n \n\nMexico\napparently falls into the same foreign policy category as Saudi\n  Arabia. Just as the State Department\nis willing to overlook the gross human rights abuses of King Salman in the\ninterests of oil and “regional stability,” it is equally willing to give\nMexico´s Enrique Peña Nieto the benefit of the doubt even in the face of\nmounting evidence of the repressive and corrupt tendencies of his government\nand his party\n\n \n\nThe State\nDepartment’s most recent report on human rights in the world points the\nfinger explicitly at China,\nEgypt,\nEritrea,\nEthiopia,\nIran,\nRussia,\nSyria\nand even Saudi Arabia.\nYet for Mexico,\nit goes out of its way to protect national elites by locating problems strictly\nat the local level and among narco-traffickers. The report\nalso flat-out lies, stating that there were “no reports of political prisoners\nor detainees” and that the Mexican government “generally respected” freedom of\nspeech and assembly.\n\n \n\nToday, Mexico\nis one of the most dangerous\ncountries in the world, confirmed by the international press and news media,\nwith frequent assassinations and threats against journalists, mass killings,\nsavage public assasinations including women and children. For instance, on Feb\n8, Anabel\nFlores Salazar, a brave, 27-year-old crime and corruption reporter became\nthe fifteenth journalist assassinated in the state of Veracruz\nduring the five-year reign of Gov. Javier Duarte, a close ally of Peña Nieto.\nOver a dozen journalists have been killed in the line of duty throughout Mexico\nsince Peña Nieto took office. According to the free press group Article\n19, the vast majority of these cases involve the direct participation of\ngovernment officials.\n\n \n\nIn addition\nto direct violence against journalists, government censorship of the media has\nincreased. A long list of independent journalists are excluded from radio and\ntelevision for their anti-government views and Mexico's leading radio news\nanchor, Carmen Aristegui, was arbitrarily fired, apparently on direct\norders from the office of the president.
My prayers to the dead ones may they rest in peace, and to all the injured ones hoping they get better asap. \nPeace,love and support from the mideast,Lebanon❤
man is the world really gonna end
Prayers and thoughts and strong hope for these poor people...♥️🙏🏼
My prayers go out to those affected ...Mexico with the earthquake and Puerto Rico with the hurricane my prayers go out to both countries ...🇵🇷🇲🇽 stay strong ...God bless everyone
Beside of the earthquake problem, the government, the politicians, the soldiers, the marines  don´t have a organiced plan for keep peolpe alive and in good contidions, they are killing us. They forbid us (common people) and rescuers to help the injured persons. We are organiced, they aren´t. We are helping, they award themselves the donations of medicine, food, water, etc.\nThe consecuences of  earthquake are not only in Mexico City but in other states, in far villajes tha affects to millions of people that are invisible for interational viewers. \nIt´s a real fact here in Mexico and the government are not with us. it is not only a media event for you to pray for us, it´s a political problem, but mexican people are united.
An earthquake strikes on the anniversary of a much larger one while they were doing an earthquake drill!!??  This can't be a coincidence.
People in the comment section be like I'll pray for Mexico lol why don't you do something that would actually help
I bet Donald Trump is having a party about this.
I think earthquakes are justreally weird and spooky. I really don't think it has any symbolic gesture though. We know what they are
That's what the looters get for looting USA.
'Horrific images' *shows some buildings and dust* OK.
Please don't be selfish help us (Mexico) and support use please don't be selfish we are one 💪👬👬👬👭👫👭 #weareone
An earthquake with a category 5 hurricane in the bottom corner.....it's the end times!
Love to Mexico from America.
Condolences to those to lost there their loved ones.
God is doing this for a reason for us human being to believe that he is real and that his son Jesus Christ is on his way he's doing this to prepare us for the second coming 😇
Repent turn to Jesus Christ for the remission of sins he is god of universe who will judge everyone
Hmm September is a good month for the media a lot of stuff to report. Good way to keep your eyes glued on the news. Largest hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados, floods tsunami, etc. 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Yesterday and today I help taking debris from fallen buildings. Is very touching see the city like this, every body is offering food, water, a place to stay or any kind of help. The help is that much that they are asking stop going to help because we are getting in the way, because we are to many\n..  I saw a person with one leg taking derbis just like me and i allmost cry. We live in a caotic place to live, and we are grumpys allmost all the time, but I can tell you that I've never see people more loveley like I did in this couple of days  (and I know Canadian people...)
It’s time for government Geoengineering of extreme weather events to stop. This is immoral. This is murder.
i hope everyone is okay, stay safe and ily all 💕
To much stress to me this last days, thank of god that i don't suffer nothing but it feels horrifying, such a bad experience, i have no feel that much scariness in my lifei
This reporter just said “you are looking at people screaming” 🤔
CHRIST YOU’RE AROUND THE CORNER!!! 🙌🏾
Make sure you have a bug-out location & a portable generator like the Kodiak:  https://youtu.be/OiUUkrof3Yo
I pray that the missing kids are found, the parents of those kids that were lost find peace and those others affected are helped. My heart is shattered and I feel selfish being able to hug my girls and to be able to wake up to a home today. Please be grateful, be sympathetic. This is a devastating situation and to those who have bread in the table share a piece with those in need. My heart is with Mexico, Puerto Rico, Florida, Houston, Africa and other countries who are fighting to get by. My heart may not be plenty but if I could be out there I would be. 💕
Maybe they should build better. I get over 7 earthquakes and our city is fine
why'd godzilla have to do mexico like that
that's a real bs .it happened in the same day that the one that happened in 1985.
0:01 The map is wrong, that's not Mexico City.
Jesus say who is next ?
Amerikkka can't blame this on Terrorist or Muslims
Is this bad business for the drug cartels?
>getting out any way they can\n>videos show everyone just standing around; one guy even walks casually.\n\nYou might be filming a real event but you're still fake news.
This Was Actually Stronger.. 7.1 my Balls.
Every year it will get worse and worse. No matter what.
please use motion vibration ( used in car security ) to atleast figure in initial stage that their is an earthquake wether than wasting time with talking to each other there is an earthquake or not
Save the hispanic women!
My heart and my prayers go out to Mexico and to everyone affected by this terrible earthquake. God bless.
is it a coincidence that all of these DISASTERS are happening right after one another????
*This has nothing to do with global warming, it doesn't exist* says -
Wake up people! This is no fluke. Another earthquake on anniversary  of 1985 deadly quake 30 yrs ago. The lord is coming he told us when  these things began to happen then is time to look up be ready. \nMay peace b with u all. And prayers going out to mexico much love. Be ready be prepared have faith. Much love
That's one way to get all the rats out of the buildings. Sadly, now the US will invite the entire population of Mexico here, for the entitlements and free housing.
For people of Italy , be prepped for the earthquake, you are the next don't ask how do I  know that  but I want you remember that I already warned you, it will be strong as you never seen before
This is what happens when we frack Mother Earth for oil companies. Mother Earth responds back like this and people still vote for Republicans and Democrats in the USA knowing they that both political parties are pro-fracking🙄
God bless all these people
that's what the people think u will see,ur lost in this world with everyone else
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
This is so sad prayers goes out to Mexico 😭😭😭😭
I blame white people for shoving all pf them down south
someone play a song by ksi earthquake and this happens...
Lol Mexico didn't help the US with Irma, looks like karma came full circle. Hopefully the US doesn't send any money to this deplorable country.
People was depressed by 2016 and 2017 was even worse god bless god bless god bless spread love there is no time for hate ❤️❤️❤️
Is New Mexico ready to rock!? 🤘
Pray for mexico please :( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fyAo323iUmI
F*cking Eartquake #Fuerzamexico
My heart with México #FuerzaMexico
Trump did this
Dios mio
Pray for Mexico
MSNBC showing this clip. Surprised they aren’t blaming President Trump for the earthquake.  #FakeNews  #BuildTheWall  #MAGA
Blame HARRP
2 pac coming
Tyranitar is super effective against Indians with sweaty backs
Checkout My Video\nTop 10 Most Shocking \nhttps://youtu.be/woj_YB9LJSQ
estamos con ustedes   fueraza  Mexico.
Total property damage,   <$1000
Horrific
💔💔😔😢😢😢
I blame trump
2017 wtf!
https://youtu.be/o5WBOQtMb4A
HE is coming!
Now is 225 deads
and yesterday JAPAN
Wow..
You are excellent
deep sea drilling anyone?
Infinity wars official trailer
What concerns me is that there is no news coming in from Puebla.  Puebla is a huge city and quite near the epicenter of this earthquake.  No news from Puebla in this case is very bad news.  My grandfather built a beautiful university in Puebla and I would really like news from Puebla if you can get it.  Any advice would be appreciated.
Wish all the corrupt people in Mexico die in that earthquake
Lmao mother nature did something good for once
Viva Mexico #fuerzamexico
Isn't Mexico supposed to look like that always ?
FInally Real news . . .     All the FAKE news from MSNBC has left me untrusting of the Fake News Industrial Complex.      FYI  I did have to confirm that there was a earthquake
Well Mexicans you're going to need them wetbacks we are going to send back to you you should put them to work
Give money for support? Can you imagine...building a wall after this? So you suffered through a devastating earthquake? Good. Stay there.
It's time for Mexicans to go back home and help.
where am I going to get my tacos now
To look at the bright side , Mexico is already a third world country so besides lives lost (which is sad), infrastructure will probably not end up much worse after.
FAAAAKE NEEEWS!
Happy anniversary .
its not that horrific im disappointed
Earthquakes, hurricanes...what else?
Do you agree with Stephen Jackson?
I jumped on the Golden State Bandwagon when KD went there and always thought people who called him names were being unfair...but after this...I think I'll just go back to being a Lakers fan
Stephen Who?  Who cares what he has to say
Bro a 28 year old man claps back at teenage boys with a fake account...Lol
ITS NOT THAT DAMN DEEP!! Damn some of y’all in these comments lame asf
I don't care how you feel about Durant, you have to respect his jump shot...
Why everyone hating on kd still? He practiced from a kid put in all the work (all his choices) and is now one of the best in the NBA alone. Y'all sound like his hood acting like he owes you for that one ride you gave him when he was 6.hes a man and can make his own decisions. Haters gon hate. \nHere's my opinion: get that ass off the couch , learn to dribble. Compete. Go pro . Make millions. Turn down millions. It's that easy rite? All y'all acting like women
Durant ruined basketball. He is not a real champion. He is a choke artist who took the easy way out. Could yoi imagine Karl malone or John Stockton joining the bulls?\n\nBecause of Durant, the NBA PO had zero competition. Everyone knew who’d win.
well enes he had two mvps on his team wasnt hard to make the conference final lol... ty lue won a ring and he trash lmao
Stephen Jackson is a real nigga
K.D. is on the verge of a Nervous Breakdown.
He didn't admit to using other accounts. He said he just went overboard on his, which I feel is bs unless you really believe he talks about himself in the third person
Wait he didn't own up to it!? He said I don't use fake accounts to clap back he didn't explain why he was sprain in third person fym
Why is this so shocking to people? The guy eventually had to take responsibility for fucking everyone in OK over. And now hes done so much damage and hes realized its all his fault, and at the end of the day im sure he does not feel like a different person or player for winning a worthless title and its all crumbling down around him, he is now forced with recognizing that he created this fucked up situation for OKC, the NBA and people who viewed him as family and he has no one to blame but himself.\nI really do think he planned on pulling a lebron. Going to the warriors, winning a couple titles and then coming back to OKC but he fucked it all up and now OKC wants nothing to do with him the entire league views him as a bitch and hes a joke now.
Am I the only one thinks that's hilarious trolling. I would do that all the time ahaha. But yeah there's comes a point where you take it too far and you end up looking like a Bitch
I wish people would get a life and worry about their own personal lives. its only basket ball not a cure for disease..
I don't even acknowledge KD's ring..that nigga ring is equivalent to a bench nigga..yea he got but he just road the bandwagon to get it
No he didnt stand up to it like a man. Motherfuckers forgetting that he straight up told us that shit when he was posting from the wrong account. The only reason he came out so quickly was to save his own ass. Fuck this snake ass bitch
That was the fakest apology I've ever seen...
Golden State Warriors did not need KD to win the NBA title. Instead, KD needed the GSW to win his first NBA title; one of the weakest moves I have ever seen in the history of sports, under the circumstances. Namasté. PS: Great athletes, and real superstars wants to beat the best, not join the best.
WAAAAY too much is being made of this... shit!
The Irony is most of the men posting on durant video's attempting to gluestick labels are the most delusional, feminine, mentally degraded, soft an emotional unstable guys with the weakess conviction rate since corrupt cops. For people who claim to hate and have no respect for him, they are ALWAYS there, ALWAYS. At EVERY video about him. Desparate to hear, see and talk about him. Creepy, hiding in the bushes type stalkers.  \n\n#Mentalillness #HeartBroken #Tberapy
Can't make a cupcake without eggs
sound like a lot of bum ass haters!!! eat a bag of dicks!!!
Someone remind KD it's YOUR OWN PEERS that since respect what you did!
At the end of the day is an opinion. But let's look at the facts. KD bonafide superstar, MVP finals MVP etc.. Had the best shooting back court in the league (percentage wise look it up) another mvp in Westbrook on his team. Up 3-1 with one win away from the finals. Loses 3 in a row to the warriors and then decides to.join the team u were bout to beat?! Where they do that. No pride at all. Thats like if I'm a crip n I beating the shit out of a blood for 20 mins.and then the last 2 mins he gets a sweet punch in which knocks me out n I decide to go join the bloods. N u mofos don't think that was weak?! Gtfoh. He joined another MVP ( steph curry) in his prime! That nigga a bitch not a competitor. He gave up on Russell. How the hell u can't win one more game with Russell on ur team. That shit alone so fishy. But y'all keep kissing that suckas ass. He know what he did was pussy thats y he keep responding
I'm still trying to figure out why does this matter, why are these comments so toxic. If people are actually upset about this then this world is truly in a tragic state
Now...which comes first?\nEgg? Or Cupcake?
THIS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU GOT A GENERATION FULL OF SOFT MOMMAS BOYS WHO DON'T HAVE FATHER FIGURES IN THEY'RE LIFE. THAT IS SOME FEMALE SHIT HE BEEN DOING. ALL THOUGH I RESPECT THAT HE OWNED UP TO WHAT HE DID AND DIDN'T DENY IT. HE STILL PUSSY THOUGH AND THE SOFTEST PLAYER IN NBA HISTORY
so now its not a fake account ??
This is all because lebron is too good lol..warriors won 1 without kyrie n live, 2nd one with 2 former mvps in there 20's ...thats like adding oljawon to the bulls with jordan,  durrant a pussy n he knows it
He apologized because he knows someone would have proven this 2 be him .. he was caught no way 2 snake his way outa it
Leave KD the fuck alone! Just take care of your own business, dats what we all gotta do.
That clip from the OKC game when KD and Westbrook were going at it was epic...
What's this fat bitch talking about GSW not winning the championship without KD? They had no problem winning it 2 hrs ago without him.
Yes KD is officially a bitch so get over it
KD has the talents and skills of a basketball demigod but the emotional capacity of a 13 year old girl
KD should’ve  denied it vehemently lmao no one can prove it
Old people he's still mad because he did the can't beat them join him. Playground rules don't change he'll get made fun of that forever ...sorry
I'm torn at this one braaaaas😏\n\nKev is weak for the way he trashed his boys like that, his coach..., etc!  But on the other hand the guy has CLASS- PURE CLASS for humbling himself and just owning it……!!!  #OfTwoMinds
KD has a ring but is not a champion.  No respect for him.
Just fucken leave KD alone. You guys make it a big deal hes the best player in the NBA next to LJ. He deserves respect. Move on. And im a Laker fan. But respect the sport
ALL YALL DURANT HATERS NEED TO SHUT UP, THIS MAN IS HUMAN AND STILL GREAT
LeBron is forever a bitch for selling out on his hometown Cleveland to join two superstars on another man's team in  Miami to coast to 4 staright finals. KD's problem is only half of what LeHoe has already done. But ESPN would never slander their beloved queen
Jackson is a bum so who cares about what he thinks..
Who’s better..... ok then
Who cares what this guy thinks
Kevin, is not happy.  🏀🏀🏀🏀🏀🏀🏀!!!!!!!!
What's to apologize for if he meant what he said? Oh, he didn't mean to say it? In the end...KD is soft. Has been from the start! #eggavatar
He owned up AFTER he was caught 👎🏾
Steven Jackson feels comfortable cooning for his white massa's. Notice how he keeps looking for verification that he's cooning properly. I HATE fucking cooning ass nigguhs! So proud to throw his own under fucking buses sitting on bricks! @STEVEN JACKSON....I'VE LOST ALL RESPECT FOR YOU BITCH! DO WHAT U DO AND DANCE MONKEY DANCE FOR YA MASSA'S APPROVAL YOU BLACK GUMS HAVING ASS PUSSY!
Dude wack as fuck for that Twitter bullshit... Leave Twitter to Trump damn it!!!
We all know Stephen Jackson likes to clap back at fans lol
KD is a certified fuck boy, he knows it in his heart! Soft ass took the soft way out and his conscious eating him up! Sad that u make fake accounts, that's like sending your ex girlfriend text messages from fake phone numbers, SOFT ASS FUCK BOY, that what he is
Tell the quota hire to shut up.
I've seen stephen jackson wear that same gucci sweater 2 or 3 times on this show 😂
Is Brian Windhorst actually on a video that doesn't cover Lebron?
KD ain't a real champ he's just a little bitch
Anybody who dislikes KD for any reason, he’s a champion, fuck off and let the man play basketball, fuck 🤷🏾‍♂️
HE ONLY APOLOGIZED BC HE GOT CAUGHT
This pussy spent all summer arguing with OKC fans I'm dead
No Rachel, he's just sorry he got caught
Durant is a fucking weak ass bitch that couldnt win a ring without joining a super team!! PUNK ASS PUSSY BITCH!! Id slap his slut mother and he wouldnt do shit about it!!
He only apologized because he got caught. Imagine if he wasn't, he'd NEVER EVER feel guilty about saying the things he said about Donovan and his former teammates. So yeah, I agree with Jackson.
Having those lame shoes come out with all the Media insults and then this fiasco occur in such a short amount of time is embarrassing to say the least. He's so soft it's almost unbelievable. OKC was spot on with the Cupcake criticisms
KD don't let these commentators whatever they are fool u you are still ringless in my eyes
Stephen Jackson don't respect kd lmao like who are you compare to kd? A nobody
Great player but like some the great player he has a fragile ego i bet he has only yes men.....
And KD was supposed to take over for lebron as the face of the league 😂am I the only one who notices has been in the gym since a couple days after the finals always posting him working out getting ready getting better...he’s peers aren’t and obviously KD isn’t. This warriors ship is about to be over
Durant is a hoe ...this is too much
who care abt what jackson has to say he s the one lookin like an avatar smh
why the fuk are we talking about a snake? he's not even a top 10 player in the league, the nigga practically had to piggy back ride on the reigning back-back MVP Steph Curry and his squad, who very little trouble getting into the Finals TWICE and breaking winning streak records...stop talking about weak-ass players...
Durant hater bias talk ,/, don't hate! Just appreciate greatness he work hard for that and he deserves where he is now
KD`s a joke of a man
Rachel knows KD is a soft sensitive beta male she just wants to stay on these players good side to keep getting the inside scoop
Kevin Durant is better than LeBron James.  It has to be frustrating that more people don't realize it
this bitch blowing all these nba players dicks
KD needs to move out his moms house ,get married,get some kids,he is too soft
Snake KD needs to grow up!
What I say to Durant is....a True Warrior Competitor never joins the team that beat him...EVER....
Who the fuck is the fatass next to rachel
It is about OKC he got tired of him and Westbrook being the only good players on a team  where other player's shouldn't even be in the NBA
KD isn't a champ because deep down he knows that ring was cheap
Stupid non-issuenews like this is why ESPN loses Subscribers! You're so detached from the Real World, you try to create stories, so you can take the high ground, & feel better for all of BS Fake News... I'm sick of the direction ESPN has gone in, & can't believe it's taken me so long to Unsubscribe from this Dead Horse Beating News Station..... Sadly, ESPN is now in the same gutter as MTV.... ADIOS ESPN
Kevin Durant will always be the ultimate negative example. He's a disgrace to this sport, a vile loser without dignity and pride.
i am telling you in the future kevin durant will be so underrated, he will not be regarded as top 5 all time, barely even top 10; because of how he gained his rings. It's one thing scoring and being MVP but its another thing joining the best team in history ALL to get a championship. People will remember that until modern civilization crumbles, and even then their might still whispers.\n\nKevin Durant destroyed his legacy.
Warriors are better without Durant. That is Curry's team not his.
B. Windhorst: Kevin, you are a champion. The Warriors would not have won the Finals without you. - But they did Brian. They did.
Rachel, please STFU!
god shes looking so fine
Stephen Jackson hating ass!!
Fuck kd fuck kd nappy head bitch pussy ass bitch he ain't shiii he jus a bitch
Warriors bout to go crazy 2017/2018
The weakest champion ever KD...
SUPER TEAM HERE
He’s a 🐍
KD officially has bitch tendencies.
KD <3
СТИЛЬ
Kd looking for mercy, foock no! Hell no!,.\nYou #twofacesnake! \nWorst than lebron!
Wait I swear most Tottenham players have said eric dier has a bad dress sense
Son Heung Min seems like a legit nice guy.
2:56 that voice crack
best fashion sense - Eric Dier (nominated by himself)
Most underrated player in the league is Dembele
They call me chip diddy chip I don't tolerate lip diddy lip\nIf you know you know
anyone else just completely forget to read what the hell theyre talking about
Eric Dier He Should Be The Fashion Fail
I love Eric dierrrrr, Eric dierrrrr loves meeeeee
Arse fans disliked
Looks like a tramp
I'm getting San Andreas vibes in this vid ..
I like this series but I'd like it even more if you didn't just do it with players that only play for spurs
good chemistry between these two, had a couple of genuine laughs
Hollywood Swinging by Kool & the Gang
3:12 is CREEPY AF
Wait😂 did man say lamela got shit fashion sense because he come to his house in loubs?😂
Dier tryna say lamela has shit dress sense because he came to his house in loubs
Tubes loves that polo
What's the intro song
Is it a coincidence that I got an ad with Eric dier in just before this video
*Аre уоu loокing for hot dаtes in yоur nеighbоurhood?*

GlqXtCOaKb4,\n *They here ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=GlqXtCOaKb4_916326
i press like because the soundtrack
Why are they only interviewing spurs players everyone knows their answers
Came from a Eric dier ad to a Eric dier vid
Who the even fuck is this
This shit is so repetitive now
Lamela wearing loubs how is that fashion fail
Get players from different teams 😪
1st
Tubes looks so awkward interviewing people. Big babboons red arse face on him
You have could have interviewed any other spurs player and u choose eric fucking diet. This guy's personality is equivalent to a brick.
Do more teammate 2.0
Funny is that everyone says that he is the fashion fail
Mad
Hemung min son what a marvellous name.
Hugo son! Hugo son! Hugo son!
Footballers are so un-interesting off the pitch
I love Eric dierrrrr, Eric dierrrrr loves meeeeee
I got an advert with Eric dier in it b4 the vid Lol
I think Kane's music choice will be proper shit
sunshine
anybody else notice Eric's voice break
2nd
Does anyone know the intro music? I heard that before ages ago
Do 1 with pogba
has he ever got u? nah never
Subscribe for exclusive football content
This cunt comes from where i live
Tottenham's next game will be a nightmare.
Please keep the pink hair 🙌
May be a little bit of depression type thing, maybe talk to someone just to reassure yourself a little? Even just a friend?
You can look on Etsy for gifts for Liam. They have many sections that can guide you
10 seconds in and you already said words like mountain tit hahahaah you're a blessing :D xx
You are so beautiful!
Beautiful pink hair what dye did you use ? X
watching Darcy's personality develop over the years is such a joy!
Ah I love your pink hair it looks so gorgeous!
Oh my god I love your hair
Why don't you buy liam a trip away for you 2 before the baby comes and give it to him early then on Christmas give him little bits x
would love to hear more about hypnobirthing and other methods/syratgies you're using to feel calm
You are beautiful Louise ✨ Lots of love 💕
Wax out of containers - put in the freezer for several hours. Bring out and tap wax gently with a butter knife to break into pieces. Remove pieces and clean with hot water. Done and done.
Oh girls you have made my day. Ive just had jaw surgery and I can't laugh and shouldn't try. But you both have just made me laugh all through this video 😂
I watch all the weekly vlogs but particularly enjoyed this one! :)
Your hair looks gorgeous Louise! Just wanted to comment and say thanks for being so honest, we all have worries and will obsess over them if it’s something important to us, the internet is very much about portraying the perfect life at the moment which is great and inspiring but I really admire and relate to vloggers that are honest about how life really is with all its ups and downs! X
Hey Louise, I'm 34 and maybe one of your oldest viewers but wanted to comment and say I love your videos.  Been watching you for years (that sounds creepy....) but I am also training to become a counsellor at the moment and I loved hearing you found CBT helpful, counselling really is amazing and I highly recommend it to everyone! Luv u x
Put the burned out candle in the freezer. Wax will pop out x
Love the pink hair it really suits you  I'm a new subscriber love your videos xx
Where is your lovely black and white star jumper from Louise? x
Put the candle in the freezer for 30 minutes to an hour....When you take it out it should have contracted  and will fall right out. I just did one the other day, it took mine about an hour.
put boiling water over the candle and then scrub after a bit to get the wax out!
As someone who uses candle glasses for drinking glasses (poor student life lmao) pour some boiling water into the glass and then set it in a bowl or a sink with hot water until the wax loosens up and you can basically take it out then wash it multiple times
You should be feeling really good for talking about ptsd after birth. It's really important for women to talk about, we want women to have a positive birth experience. Just remember you can do this 🙌🏻
that emma lady seems like a nasty person?
You always apologize for saying negative things but it makes you a real human if it was all rainbows and candy floss I would think you were a phoney, I have an almost 6 year old and pretty much had to stop watching the news once she was born, I can definitely get caught up with worries that are mad. Always appreciate your honesty!
Hi Louise - this'll probably get lost in the sea of comments but I'm 18 years old and I suffer from PTSD from when my fiancé went into hospital and I know how horrible this illness is and how much it can affect you - I think my top tips are to ground yourself and to know you've got over this once before and that you can again!! It's hard to stay positive but it's all about the mindset and you control your own brain - thank you for talking about it I feel better knowing I'm not alone <3
Someone's probably already said this but I put any sort of wax in the freezer to get it out of the container. If it doesn't pop right out after tipping it over, you can use a butter knife to lightly break it up into a few pieces! 😊
How do you tell the difference between the kittens like they are full on identical 😂 (and totally adorable!!!) ❤
I LOVE you, Louise xx
to remove wax from a candle you should put it in a freezer and then get the wax out with a knife :) never done it myself but i saw Ingrid Nilsen do it in one of her vids
@brummymummyof2 I have a candle filing system as well! I thought I was the only one!
*Liam present* how are one of those picture frames that have scan 1 scan 2 and now I'm here for him of baby pentland and maybe a experience day somewhere
I adore the mad af cat woman vibe you've got going on. This is very #goals
Hi louise, by the sounds of it I had a similar birth of my first child also 6 years ago. I have just had my second baby 8 weeks ago and the birth was totally different and much more of a positive experience. Just wanted to reach out to say every birth is different. Message me if you want to chat x
I could never have children I would definitely not trust other people because they definitely don't have your best interests and your being completely rational about this
I need a video on Emma's candle filling system 😂
LOVE the pink hair. And I agree with Em - you are doing a WONDERFUL job. Also love the mini Si quote at Homesense! xx
Love this vlog but did anyone feel like it ended abruptly?
an idea for the baby name reveal, you could carve her name into a pumpkin for halloween then put a candle in? just a suggestion x
I think the best way to get someone a good gift is to note in your mind what they want or need. For example, I had no idea what to get my step mum for her birthday this year. But when I visited her she was complaining about having too little mugs, and that they were black on the inside so she couldn't see when the tea was brewed to her taste. I remembered that and got her some cute ones with white on the inside. She was thrilled! For my boyfriend's birthday, I got him a nice sweatshirt I thought would suit him, and a fancy chocolate powder drink I saw him pick up in the store. It was too expensive for him so he didn't get it, even though he wanted to. He also lives outside my city, so he travels pretty much every weekend for 3-4 hours straight to see me (we both study), so I got him a traveling pillow so he'd be more comfy. So if Liam wants or needs new nice clothes, I think that would be the perfect gift!
Velvet Teddy has never looked good on me because I'm Blonde, but Honey Love which is a similar colour looks fab!
I love how your vlogs are such a mix of emotions and discussions about things that you are going through. I agree it is so important to talk about how you're feeling so they are an accurate portrayal of real life. It's why I watch you religiously 💜 love your hair and the kittens just melt my heart! And finally, to get the wax out of your old candle jars, fill them with boiling water and the wax will melt and float to the surface. Then you get a clean jar and a wax melt that you can use as well. It sometimes takes a couple of goes, but it does work.  👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
To get the wax out you just have to freeze the entire candle and it should pop right out!! Love you Louise <3
You have the best sense of humour I've ever witnessed aha
Is Liam into cars? You could get him a supercar racing experience, I got my boyfriend that for his 18th several years ago now, you can pick how many cars they drive and what ones - he always talks about how much he loved it! I found mine on Red Letter Days! Hope this is helpful :D
I love mildreds, they do good food and cocktails
No judging here I love puzzles!!!! I was going to get a Disney one too the other day now you've convinced me I really should!!!
This is my favourite weekly vlog yet! I laughed so much at the Home Sense section!xxx
great product and great price. you can use Argan Rain Shampoo safely.  you can thank me later.
My hair is slightly more purple than pink but it's still pretty colourful - can I join the pink hair gang?
This vlog is so pink, I love it :D
Put the candle in the freezer and the wax should just pop out with a knife. I've done it before with melted wax on trays and it works really well.
Why u celebrating Halloween so early? Xx
For lovely positive birth experiences - INa May Gaskin's Guide To Childbirth - this woman is the Florence Nightengale of midwifery and has overseen thousands of births since the 70s, and she makes it all so beautiful, natural, and satisfying.  Also, you have to watch Emily Norris birth video, I mean you'll want to have the baby right on your sofa I promise.
Can I suggest cutting down on sugar it can give you nightmares.  I had to do it with my oldest son he never really has nightmares now.
I want friends that come over to eat drink and do puzzles!!! 😭
Best way to get wax out of candle holders is to put them in the freezer, after that wax should be easy to remove :) Once you've got the main wax out of the jar, you can use a bit of vinegar to get any small bits off the side x
I'd put your candle in the freezer for a few hours, that way you can use knife to pop the wax out easily. You can use nail polish remover to get the wicks out if they don't come out with the wax. Good luck!
More adverts than an itv period drama but still worth it 😉 #mumagottamakeabuck
what about a guitar case for liam? x
I get the wax out of old candles by simply pouring boiled water into them and then you poor the water out over the sink through like 5 or 6 pieces of paper towel. The paper towel should collect the wax so it doesn't go down the sink. You can then pour more hot water back in and then wipe the inside clean of wax with more paper towel. The wicks can be removed from the bottom when the hot water is in there with a knife or something. Hope that made sense! xxxx
When are we going to see Liam❔❔❔
I had to empty loads of candle jars to use as sweet jars for our wedding. The easiest way I found was to stick them in the freezer overnight and then you can pop the leftover wax out if you loosen it with a knife.
I'm in love with you 2 mummy's 😍❤️
I love you Louise and you are a marvelous human being! Keep being lovely!
literally saw lindsey kelk in the thumbnail and couldn't click fast enough
Don't know if you got the answer about you candle but put it in the freezer! The wax will pop right out.
Maybe you could get something from Ted Baker which would suit Liam. Xxx PS LOVE the hair
A watch??? For Liam???
Must be six times but I'm about done having to bloody stop and start lol! YOU LOOK GORGEOUS! AND MAKE A PTSD VIDEO!
A candle filing system 😂 so do I!! Finally someone who gets it haha x
This happened to me as well Louise. All I can say is that as awful as it is.....it will go away. Im sorry you are having to experience this. Xoxo
hair is very pink and cute kittens!!
For a present idea for Liam: for my boyfriend last year I got him a personalised wallet with his initials on (from notonthehighstreet.com) and also a little cute metal insert (also from notonthehighstreet) with a lovely message on to keep inside :)
Please don't apologize for talking about things that are happening in your life, even if it's not 100% happy. Save the filters for Instagram, we come here to see your real life.  :) Also, you might be experiencing some depression and anxiety from pregnancy hormones. It can really mess with your head. Sometimes it goes away after baby comes, but sometimes it can linger. Either way it's a good idea to talk to your midwife about it so she can help.
I had the exact same thoughts when i was expecting with my 2nd! X
put the container in the fridge :)
'What do you think of the red vibes? Does it make you feel like your about to get murdered or are in a brothel?' 😂
I love the pink hair!
Mountain tit😂😘
Me my cousin and my nan do a puzzle club! We gather at my nans on a sunday and have a roast dinner and then do a puzzle!! Love it x
Got to love a good speed-clean. I've been really enjoying your weekly vlogs, Louise, probably my favourite videos. Three cheers for the soft office!
usually I don’t like vlogs, but you are the only person I can watch and laugh out loud to 💙
www.littlebluenest.com thank me later x
*Аre уоu lоoking fоr hot dаtеs in уour nеighbourhооd?*

AsQgxPjhqXU,\n *They hеre ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=AsQgxPjhqXU_982921
Best shopping vlog ever!!!  Laughed till I cried!
a massive pink haired bellend lmao
you look like rose quarts!^^
Awww kitties 🐱
Love love love your pink hair!!!
I love doing puzzles too
You're really funny
Congratulations
lose some weight pig
Do you guys have air conditioners in your homes in the U.K.?
wheres zula
Counselling? I go regularly so things that keep coming to me & upsetting me can be dealt with before it gets any more. I had postnatal depression so have to keep on top of my low moods.
oooh! i'm very excited about this!
looking forward to this! that trailer had such beautiful music / sound editing
one of the only trailers nowadays that doesn't give too much away!! (David Bowie YES)
Looks really freaking cool!
Saw this in Cannes, this trailer really doesn't do the film justice - it's way more magical and mesmerising. This makes it look like a Disney movie...
David Bowie,motherfuckers!!
Gotta love Bowie!
what's the song during the last ~15 seconds (after the trailer ends)?
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Based on love alone. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Then on the third day rose Him  from the dead.*\n*Now, though Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you, if you ask Him.*
Take a shot every time she says Girl
All of the makeup literally looks like she hadn't even touched them before filming the video...
When all the Gucci items add up to more then you can budget to spend on yourself in the next two years 😂😂😂
Don't worry, I won't hurt you. Proceeds to throw them carelessly.
Wow talk about being materialistic and shallow
💋💋💋
Do u have a snap?
I liveeee for these favorite videos😭😭😭
Where is that sweater from? Does anybody know?
If anyone is wondering the outro song is Dangerous Girl by 1waytkt
Can someone add all this up? This video is literally thousands of dollars
I've been loving the $10 Snoopy shirt I've been deciding wether or not to buy for a month on Amazon.
She's been looking worse and worse lately....
no way are you actually MAC NC45 when you're tanned..that's my shade and I'm Indian lmao
The lips are not feminine they are hideous, you are a skinny Trisha.
Omg it's like totally my favourite thing - never worn it, still has the tags 👀
I just started a channel that involves beauty and much more! I hope you can show some support on my channel and subscribe! thanks love❤️
I thought ur never gonna wear extensions again .. didn't u make a video saying that ?
When she threw the Gucci bag, my college tuition flashed before my eyes.
I want PR so bad! I would cherish that little mini fridge! It's so cute!!
You can tell she's okd
why did u suddenly turn into taehyung the gucci king lol
Wow im so jealous hmu girl I'm just a broke drunk uni girl xoxoxox love you so much pls someone support and like this
Missed these types of videos from her 😍💞💞
LOL she had to get Mario to send her foundation.. she couldn't buy it herself?
Omg, obsessed with your makeup look right now!!!! So gorgeous, and the hair, YES!!!!! 💖💯‼️
No hate but her hair looks like ramen noodles
...bullshit, she looks like a meth addicted pole dancer at a titty bar called Wrinkles & Scars...
yeah it's such a genius idea to review your favourites and then throw them across the room after you present them
Why am I subbed to Gigi Gorgeous? 😩\nStop forcing your suckage on me YouTube!!!!!! 😡
U remind me of my Barbie cartoon I used to watch
Nats, Gigi and you are so cute together so beautiful,, but too much makeup for Gigi
I like how she just throws her bag like it a ball
$145 for a pair of socks.....damn
I adore you, but I dunno if that eye look goes with the bold lip. The bright pink lip kind of makes that lower lid look like you've got bad allergies, have been crying hard, or are coming down with pink eye.\n\nYour eyeshadow is flawless otherwise.
wait, she loves that bag but throws it around like that? she just has so much gucci that none of it means anything XD already turned off from this video, but whatever she doing her i guess
You have awesome things!!!! \nYou are great!!
he keeps looking uglier and uglier. im sure he stopped taking his hormones.
Long hair looks way better
Any small youtubers want to support each other?
GiGi ... pleasssssssse 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 do a tutorial on your eye make up in this vid .. i am so in love with it ❤️❤️❤️ #staygorgeous
why is a  lot of gucci clothing legit ugly tho
What are these catlike noises in the background?
What is happening with the background noise lol? Do you have a cat? Am I the only one who noticed That??
did anyone else hear the cat screaming in the background?
Are you trans
Yessss I live for Gucci! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
guurl i love you and actually bought some of the items you showed in your favorites <3 PS: people let her do what she wants and if you think she is materialistic or anything then stop watching her video and go be sad !
Did your hair day  to be on style mermaid very  chic!
anyone else trying to look to see the pricetags price of the knee high socks?
Omg you lips look so much better now.
You are looking gorgeous! Love the makeup and hair! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
buying a 1790$ bag is stupid
Can you please get ready with Jeffrey star on his PJ
Oh my god, those boots are $1,600.... \n\nI don't know why I even thought I could afford them when I saw them. Haha.
Gigi doesn't care about YouTube now that she has that billionaire money. Too booked to be bothered hunnnayyy!
Since Gigi did her lips she just looks less feminine...
For real thought the cat in the back was my cat. Looked over and hes asleep. Damn that cat meows alot!
No hate but Y  she throwing (almost) everything away > showing how much she appreciate the things  😐😐🤔🤔 easy comes easy goes
Why do you always throw your things after showing them
Gig I want a reality show from u I'm talking Kardashian
i watch these just to watch her throw stuff. I've been watching since like 2010 when she used to throw stuff behind her and sometimes break stuff lol.
I don't want to stain this white couch *sprays it anyway*
1:20 Wait.... the bag is blue? Am I the only one seeing purple?!
This is everything. I severely missed your iconic throwing of items!
I'm sorry but I really don't like the hair at all and the makeup looks really bad. Come on Gigi you can do much better. 😡😡
her hair is blended so well
I’m living for this makeup girl!!!! I think I can recreate it with the Jaclyn hill palette by morphe.
giiiiggiii u need a makeup lineeeeee
You be you gigi
Those sneakers look like something I would have worn when I was 12 ... actually probably not even then lol
i loveeee that tanner its amazing
You look beautiful
THROWS A $2000 PURSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >.<
nice blue purse
Closet tour video
Gigi is soo adorable...love her
The sneakers look like mature twinkle toes
Stop..
$760 for a headband. Y tho.
Hot diggity damn.
what happened? looking very bricky...
Kinki boots
chingon
your so PRETTYYYY!!!! TODAY!!!😍😍😚
vain af
the Adam Apple tho
Ur such a clutz gigi 😂
Love your hair!!!!!
You need allah
That ramen noodle hair! #heyyyJT #heyyyXtina
Mexico is in such a bad situation, and this girl is just showing her Favs
Jakim pustostanem jest ta osoba....
Who was the designer of the sneakers she has? i couldn't understander her and the captions didn't help.
I will never for the life of me understand people whom live in excess like this.
Stop throwing these expensive items ! So disrespectful and a ridiculous attitude
I'm not gonna lie i got triggered when she threw the bag, The OCD Went wild xD
Check out my latest video!  😘
Most superficial, materialistic video Ive seen of you..... Dissapointing
So where does her money come from?
can you do the same thing with pennywise? show us different versions like the original, the new version, female version & maybe a  cool pennywise. u kno, like a pennywise who's actually an edgy tumblr kid
i thought i had a crush on you with red hair......but now as a brunette, phew...my hearts aflutter
Im a long time veiwer and genuine uncontested adult grown up, and I have to say, I love how you keep your youtube channel a safe and positive place for kids.
You almost resemble Jennifer Lawrence in this video!
you freaking SLAY in that wig you should try a dark hair colour some day 😩😩😩
This is the sponsored content I'm HERE FOR
Wow epic sponsors! Haha I love wonderwoman options! Yay options! :D Looks fabulous Lex 💚
Ugh lex you're such an icon AND I LOVE YOU
hey do u think u can do a tutorial on coraline? maybe a pretty simple look like with no button eyes or stitched mouth? thank u! ps: love your videos :)
Hello Lex! Weird question, but how tall are you? I'm curious for whatever reason lol. Love you!
Dude your drawers shut closed when you mentioned they weren't in the shot before 😱😱
My favorite makeup artist YouTubers are both soulless gingers
Lex, do u think u can do a Halloween video I'm trying to get ideas and make up for Halloween I love you!!!!!
YASSSSSS I've been waiting for this video ever since I saw the movie.......which was only 2 weeks ago
I am so here for the WW sponsored content. Love this!
Come thru sponsors!! 🙌 Warner Brothers and Party City, girl you betta cut that check! 😄😄😄
Yasss I love when you do tutorials that are 3/4 different ways! 💙💙💙
Hey Lex? when you were doing your liner it looked like you had some sort of white makeup sponge or something on your fingers but I didn't see you use it anywhere else. What is that and why do you choose to use it?
I like # 1. &   # 3. The most.
WOW, awesome! You are Rockin the Wonder Woman look!! 😊😊😊
LEX YOU INSPIRED ME TO MAKE A BODY ART / MAKEUP CHANNEL ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
As always, love the video!
Could you do a tutorial for the Sanderson sisters from hocus Pocus?
This is really cool and I was hoping you could possibly do a makeup tutorial on Coraline... but like a creppy version?? You don't have to, just a thought.
What product are you using for the WHITE highlight lines on the lips??? Thx love you
You should do Harley Quinn the comic one
its 3 am right now and I'm supposed to b in school in 3 hours but instead I'm watching this
can u pls do a comic book joker
YOU SHOULD DO A PENNYWISE THE DANCING CLOWN MAKEUP TUTORIAL ! ! ! \n\n\n\n\nplease?
Hey Lex. I have a question. I was using my skin illustrator platte and I used 91% isopropyl rubbing alcohol. It worked fine for me. Just curious, do you recommend I continue to use the alcohol I'm used? Or should I use something different?
Hey madeyewlook i'm a huge fan so I was wondering if you could respond
Halloween party inspiration :) Love these looks!
you look so beautiful with dark hair, Lex! i'm in love with all the costumes!
look at lex with her fancy new costume! I'm a bout 5 hours away from any halloween stores this year so ill be painting a lot this year!
What a WONDERFUL (eh, eh?) demonstration of how, when one holds a sword, one is compelled to swish it around. Not making fun. I've always loved swords. MANY a imaginary monster fell to my self-made wooden sword when I was a child. Now I'm an adult & have a few of the real thing. Carbon steel, not that cheap shiny stuff that's only good for hanging on the wall. My point is, I understand the need to swish. I really, REALLY understand.
fastest.\nclick.\never.\nlove it!
me, thinking: why does Lex remind me of someone so much today\nI've been watching lots of That 70s show \nShe's reminding me of Donna Pinciotti
Original Wonder Woman?! That's my next cosplay and I could use some help from my senpai!❤️
You are amazing! I got my 16y/o daughter watching this because she is artistically savvy with very little outlet for it. You are a great role model, I'm glad you make these vids. The comic book makeup is some of my favorites. Keep creating these awesome looks...
This video is awesome I love the variety especially the Pop Art.
It's Halloween time and I have no idea what I want to be this year..... soooo..... time to watch literally every one of your videos.
AHHHHHHH this is so good !!!
DUDE THIS IS SUPER COOL I HAVENT EVEN WATCHED THE WHOLE THING AND I'M SUPER EXCITED
Oh my gosh! It looks like you just stepped out of a comic book.
i like the 1st and 2nd looks.
Can u do a Starfire tutorial? She's a red head like you!
this was soo good!!!! You ARE SO AMAZING!!! I do some of you looks for Halloween. My family loves you!!! You are so amazing. OMG! I am your biggest fan!
I just wish I could do even the barest one you did. I try to put on eye shadow and... well it's not pretty.
For Halloween this year, I'm going to be doing a slit throat effect, though I have no idea how to achieve that... Any tips?
Btw Alex have you seen Brian Dowlings book Redhead Beauty?
aahh I love you and this....this is amazing
Hi love you so much
You're amazing! So much talent! the comic book style one is my favorite, but they're all great!
i've never clicked on something so fast
Yessssss!!!! I LOVE THIS VIDEO SO MUCH!!!! YOU ARE FREAKING AWESOME!!!!
Is that costume in Party City?
Lex are you thinking of going to Australia
Imma be black canary from justice League unlimited
This is really nice and she is *really* pretty!!!!!!!!!
Spirit Halloween should sponsor you too
I love this! You look so amazing as Diana
EARLY-ISH SQUAD WHERE YOU AT??
LEXXXXXXX OH MY GOD THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
The costume looks so cool! I think I'd probably paint the crown so it would look more gold.
Please do a realistic female to male makeup tutorial!
Thank you for doing this! I love Wonder Women and was so exited to see this video!
I like how you are a type one diabetic I am too
That's such a cute costume! 😍
I like the 3 wonder woman but to me you are the best at makeup and the best artist since you did the dog one.
Where should I get prescription contacts in the crazier colors
Can you do a Daria 4 ways? I'm going to be Daria for Halloween, and I think it would be cool to see a cartoon ish look, as well as a natural one!
I absolutely love wonder woman! Did you ever get to see the movie? It was so good. But the feels 😣
Wonder Woman was badass!!! Loved that movie.
You should cosplay as Wonder Woman. You look amazing!
this is awesome :D your awesome this is very awesomeness :D lol love you ! Madeyewlook
Always love your comic book styles, your wolverine one was how I found your channel way back! Am i crazy though or had u not painted your door dark though? 🤔
Dope
♥️
Ahhhh!!!!! I love this! 😍😍😍
Yeas
I LOVE YOU
Or kitana mortal kombat
yay im early anyone else kinda early
Early. Who came from Snapchat
Yayyyyy
oh haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Love you b!
😍 love ya lex ....how r ur sugars ? 😊
ayy
Sorta early..?
Amazing as usual, Lex!
Awesome!
Variety is good
I LOEV THIS SOOO MUCH 😍😍❤️❤️
Wonderlex!
DO PENNYWISE
Looooove it!
Hi ily
OMG WONDER WOMAN!!!!! THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!
FINLEY IM EARLY YAAAAAY I LOVE YOUR VIDS also...I've been subed ever sence 147 subs....soo ya XD
I WATCH ANYTHING WITH BLAKE SO I WILL BE WATCHING THIS.
For anyone who doesn't understand it:\nGirl is blind and married to guy. She is young and pretty so once she gets the surgery and gets her sight back, she feels more adventurous. She probably doesn't like her husband anymore, and sees her chances with more attractive guys. She turns more independent, until she starts to lose her sight again. \n*dun dun dun*
Why in gods name would they chose to release this on the day of the Stranger Things season 2 premiere....
Man turns into a man baby after his blind wife gains independence. Seriously. Instead of growing a pair and letting her have some slack you'd rather get jealous. If anything she deserves freedom. But it's obvious this plot will follow a man who prefers to be in control in the relationship. Like way too in control.
Perhaps this kind of dark role every woman plays in their life....
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
Blind married women gets to see for first time. See's attractive people for first time. Wants to bang said attractive people. Sluts it up. Hubby gets sad. Former blind, but still married, woman sluts it up for awhile, discovers herself but soon finds out that being a ho is shallow and soul crushing. Runs back to hubby. Hubby, as he's a beta male, takes back the slut. She gets to have her cake and eat it too. Very Hollywood. Very 2017. Much feminist. So independent womyn. Wow.
Am I the only one who immediately thought of The Eye from 2008???
Well that escalated quickly...
song please?
Song name?
love it !!!
Good song by HAZAMA \nhttps://youtu.be/QuufCmRkLns
whats going on
You'll float too
Chilling, i literally have chills all over
Wait what
Thank you Philip DeFranco.
People are going to think this is a thriller from this trailer.. Pretty sure it's an existential life-course type movie.
This looks fuckin offit. Can't wait to see it
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
Well shit. 😃
captions please!!
I'm actually scurred
My Last Duchess
WTF?! Watching!
That's fucked up
Seems very interesting
What
tukin
Can’t wait !
Must see
more trailer https://goo.gl/NHB5rg
Looks great, Blake Lively is awesome
This plot reminds me of that movie with Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth just that she had amnesia and here Blake is blind
Who else is lost?
I don't get it.
They already made this movie.. is called The Ticket
Very good by the looks of it . Can I get 50 subs without making any videos. I'll sub back too 👍
Why are all trailers now made creepy? I bet the actual movie is not creepy at all,  the plot makes it sound more mystery
I would say this to my pizza. All I see is you....\n\njokes aside, If you reverse the gender roles and tone down the horror, it might look like the movie The Willow Tree where a man regains his sight (after losing it in his childhood) and rethinks his marriage and life. in the end his body rejects the transplantation and he loses his sight.
Great... another It Comes at Night
I think I had read a book a lonf time ago where a woman gets eyes transplanted and her personality starts to change to that of the donor  and she becomes very paranoid while another person who got a heart surgery also changes in personality and both do a total 180 degree flip... but tht donor was possessed or somthinf so thay thig becomes part of these two.
So she starts seeing and cheats on her husband.
C U C K E D
Blake keeps rising on her acting skills and the quality of her films
What's the fucking plot
Watching this trailer, I have absolutely no idea if this is a horror movie, a psychological thriller, a drama about an abusive relationship or something else entirely...
Bloody chick movie... I was waiting for a terminator to show up... you can take the eyes out of a whore but you cant take the whore out of the eyes
Story of a rotting girl
I wonder how this movie is gonna turn the man into something bad, and the woman into some kind of hero?\nHmmm
He knew once she seen what he looked like and how she looked she was cheating lol
Blake lively❤️
Omg Blake lively😍
Fucked up version of At First Sight
Every eye movie I've seen was stupid
Sorry Stranger Things 2 is on that day also
the movie will end with him blinding her again to try and get her to stay with him
It can't be thriller without a sex scene huh!?
another marriage is horrible and men are all evil plot, so original
-----------------------\nHi everyone, anyone wanna hear the ture gospel?\nSearch: Renee Roland\nEveryone in the comments are nice kind people they can answer your question or etc. \n------------------------
It's said that the ideal arrangement is a blind woman with a deaf man. Playa had it half right. Done messed up.
Is Ryan ok with this ?
No need to watch this movie. Eyesight makes her a whore. The end.
It seems the only real hardship this loving couple faces is difficulty conceiving a child but when Gina is given the...\n\nI bet he was giving her Plan B, but told her they were prenatal vitamins or something.
A wise man once said... THESE HOES AIN'T LOYAL
Did the guys over at Explosm Entertainment make this trailer?
She's given a second chance at sight and the idiot chooses to ruin her body with cigarettes.  Classic.
Slowing down a pop song in the trailer  trend needs to die ...
The husband ends up re-blinding her in the end because his fear of losing her becomes too great.\n\n\nOops!   SPOILERS!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND, I'M SCARED.
Finally a trailer that doesn't give away the damn plot!!! It looks good
There is almost a  20 year age difference between the two actors...
They should've had Ryan Reynolds play the husband hands down. I'm not saying that you should have the real couple play the couple in movies, I'm just saying that they are already a perfect couple in real life and they both happen to be amazing actors, so Ryan should've without a doubt played the boyfriend/husband role.
Idk her acting is never that convincing to me especially in emotional scenes but looks interesting
She looks like that Blake girl......oh
Looks like after getting her sight back, Serena Van der Woodsen's starting to *see* his true colors. Xoxo, Gossip Girl.
It would be cool if her husband wasn't a psycho but instead he left her and she took her sight for granted but at the end of the movie after she has lost everything her husband comes back.
They should change the name of the movie to All I see is your pussy lol \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm joking
Even though I'm really fucking confused, this film actually looks interesting, so I can't wait to see it when it's on DVD. ;)
So did she found out she's married to an older man, and she's a young woman taken advantage due to her blind sight ???
So the husband goes out of his way to get her an operation to see again and the first thing she does is fuck some other guy. That's some grade A cunt right there.
why serena still a hoe even after gossip girl...
Woman gets sight and best a whore and then loses sight again.
That turned dark real fast😳
Great  Nice video\nMore New Girls Mastiii Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/mO_20V0U_fs

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/fxrAv-kU8DI

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/kCWr6tDRdVQ

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/DIjNtExc8_M

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nGirls Dance Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/Els3Jwyvy3A

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/EI9EgdNroi8

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/ijQNLNVUe8I

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nSchool Girls Dance Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/fxrAv-kU8DI

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/KG_Y9NZ8wMU

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/6KE7NINKqcA

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\n

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nHorse Race Video Here_

-zCYX0esYlo,I will give you my first born child for a bottle of that sauce"
What about Dragon's Breath Peppers?
Pepper X? Does this have a notch and cost $1000 too?
You need to get Dr Ken on the show
So when are we gonna see you and Chili Klaus eat this beast??
can you please get bill skarsgard on this show?
when will you get plutonium\n(9000000000 Scoville) hot sauce?
Or Jesus Juice
The Bennington pepper
Planning on getting this for my bf and his mom, who love hot sauce. I'm just scared they'll use it against me lmao
Pepper X, Xbox One X, and IPhone X.
The dude's teeth is the same color as the pepper.
I'll finish a while bottle in one meal
Pepper X straight up looks like a nug
I was interested until I heard Mustard. #Disgusting
Sell an assortment of all 10 sauces, in order, so viewers can challenge themselves.
They're 3.18 million now
Dude, eating hot sauce so much must be a thrill going to the toilet.
How can I get a bottle of this stuff? I really want to put it on a taco.
I think Pepper X is an awesome name, just gives that air of mystery and danger!
Do you realize the marketing powerhouse y'all have here? I crave wings like you can't believe and I just dumped 70$ buying the last dab and the hot ones sauce......got me hooked damn you
I need this sauce in my life
These 30 second ads literally make me slip every video
The pepper should be called The Little Death because you will lose a little bit of yourself to it or El Diablo because what is scarier than the reaper but the devil!  The Diablo Pepper is the hottest in the world.
Finally get to take this challenge on
I mean... At some point a pepper will be created that just singes your flesh. The chemical reaction will be that you have no skin left...
the last dab. hope no one dies from that sauce. I think Sean wings are rigged insont see him sweat anymore
you just know that assholes all over the world will be pranking friends with this
Keep the name Pepper X
Jesus Christ this pepper and sauce have left the realm of sauce and put itself in antipersonnel weapons territory
Pepper X is a really good name actually
That sauce ain't nothin' . if you really wana hurt people  You gotta turn that pepperX into a dry rub. No lube. \nDehydrate it, grind it into powder with salt, citric acid and hate.
I once put pepper spray in my beans and put that shit in my enchiladas. This stuff is like ketchup to me.
There is no Ghost Pepper period.
7:32 He Ed does not seem to approve you guys changing the name of the pepper lol
How much for the bottle?
Hot Sauce leads to hair loss.
I'd preorder that shit if they need more time
Make a new rule: everyone has to clean the wings. No more little nibbles that have no impact and make the reactions boring.
This was a really good infomercial.
I just found this channel, but I knew all about Puckerbutt! I love using their peppers to make my salsa :D
I just dont see the enjoyment in eating something that overwhelming.... I don't want snot on my wings... I sure as hell dont want to die from asphyxiation....
Call it The Baker
Apply to haters for maximum effectiveness
I want a dab bro I went and bought 357 and I threw up twice just trying to make a video
Bought a bottle 1:34 seconds into thos video.
Pepper X is a good name. Doesn't need any changing
That guy has the most yellow teeth I've ever seen
You could call them Yoda Peppers.  Because they are green and unassuming looking but pack a big punch.
Noah having an orgasm on camera and Ed's weird teeth
Once these peppers are released, these are going to blow up in the media...😅
if this was 5 seconds long you would have gotten better ads why no 10 min?
pepper X?\n\n\n\n\n\nsomeone call rhett and link
so the hottest pepper at the moment is the komodo dragons breath chili and this guy plans to reclaim the crown.
Hot Ones episode where someone interviews Sean!
The creator of Pepper X, the creator of the Carolina Reaper, the creator of Peepee Succ
Don't let the fans decide or it'll be peppery mcpepperface
I say u name pepper x Satan's A$$hole
Take a shot every time Sean says his twitters a mess
Chili Klaus and Sean eat pepper X...do it.
I love how Sean gets slightly more urban every season.
turn the background music down just a bit for the next one please. ty
Please don't change the name, Pepper X is so fitting.
is it weird that I love Sean Evans and his show, even if I'm not into hot sauces?!
GET THE LAST DAB ON AMAZON! PLEASE WE BEG YOU!
I watch this and start sweating. It's unreal.
The pepper should be called «the hot one»
Try and get Furious Pete on the Hot Ones.
Call the sauce seans sweet serenade. So it gives them a false sense then kicks their nuts lol.
It's really fuckin' shitty that so many people are giving it negative reviews solely because they weren't able to get their hands on it due to limited availability. 1 star, never tried it. Weak shit, man. We didn't get it the first time, like most people, and we're very happy and extremely lucky to have scored a bottle of the second. What was it, second batch sold out in under a minute? Can't wait to try it once it actually gets here.
Wishing for a Pepper X Pod Review soon.
Where can I buy the NORMAL hot one sauce ??? Not this fucked up one xD But the The red one!!?? I've been tring to find it on your website but can't find it :(
I EAT PEPPERS LIKE THAT FOR BREAKFAST!!!!😠😠😤
What about dragons breath
DO MATT STONIE ON HOT ONES
call it Peppy McPepperface
Shits right up my alley
Choclate bhutlah.  \n\n\n\n\n\n\nThats all i hav to say
Dab on those haters
Dab on the haters...
Devils ember
Sean, please invite fellow chili-head musician Chris Perez.
They should have smokin ed on the show bust instead of chicken wings they have spicy peppers
I just dabbed now,  I got the Last dab.
I care sean - respect
*Great sauce!!*
PEPPERFART 3000
You made a fucking nuke.
Makeup orange comfortable die few ah complex.
drunk hug x 2
Pepper McPepperface anyone?
Cringe cold open
name that thing Satans Sack
Put that in your wifes douche.
Sean poetic segway Evans
His neck tho
Puckerbutt!☆
not the hottest anymore
Ed Currie looks like Adam Sandler's brother
Cambodia death camp
Bitter scouse TWAT
Leicester 3-1 Liverpool today's result.
I’ve supported the mighty reds for a very long time and I am convinced Rafa has unfinished business at our beloved club......
Coutiniho doesn't want to be at liverpool
If I'm honest I don't see it getting any better, the defence is tactically inapt and lack coordination.. 3 very trick games over the coming weeks, for that reason stability at the back is critical. They need to pick an agreed back 4 and stick with it, not chop and change every  game.. The players look terrified, that in my opinion is due to a lack of direction and confidence.. Worryingly I'm not sure they presently have the ability within the coaching staff to instil that belief..
This team has no world class player except mane
Next year will be our year
What is it with scousers playing the victim
It pisses me off SO much that every LFC supporter knew our Defense was the problem but for some reason Klopp and FSG dont try and improve that area! We NEED a new Keeper (we haven't had a decent keeper since Reina!) who breeds confidence in the Team and a NEW CB and LB!  I know we wanted VVD but come on! at least have a back-up! There are LOADS of players better than our CBs!
But Klopp has a great cup record tho doesnt he tho
All you deluded Liverpool fans who love Klopp need to realise hes has almost 2 years now to sort this defence out and if anything it is worse.  I dont just mean defending from our defence i mean all over the field. If we are not on our  A game with the pressure closing down type of football then we are a totally average team. Too much f**king around and changing the team all the time does no-1 any good. Cant understand why he thinks we can have 3 teams for each cup. We should have our first team no matter what and if anyone is injured then some1 gets the chance to step up and prove their worth!
Simple question, would Jose Mourinho still have a bad defense after two seasons transfer windows?
When are you scousers gonna realise that Klopp is just David Moyes with a German accent, glasses and yellow teeth
Its only game, why you have to be mad?
For years we are the nearly men, is it the players, managers or owner? Fsg out now ynwa.
Only thing coming out the 0151 is AYSTAR
We had a legendary defence: Hypia, Skrtel, Agger, Carragher, Riise, and Finnan. What on earth happened to our defence? Our defence took a turn for the worst about four seasons ago. Subsequently, it hasn't improved since. We need to optimise our defence primarily, not our attack or midfield. We already have a great attacking squad, however, our defence is dismal to say the least.
Create enough chances... 🤣\n\nDid he even watch the game or at least check the stats before he made this 🤣🤣🤣
arsenal: undefeated since ox left. Liverpool: haven't won a game. robbed you lot 😂😂
this is ur year
Hahahah faggot we'll beat you on Saturday too
we are nothing without firmino salah and mane
Why does no one understand how much work goes into getting a football team to consistently play good , ofcourse they should (play good) but when dickheads like this one and half the people in the comments blame a bad shot or 'we need mane to win' no team in history had a one man team
I miss the good sturridge
Ach not too fussed, we sabotaged it in order to win the CL, so no harm done! :P\n\nNa being serious, I thought we did look disjointed first half, with Ox not linking up too well yet, or Coutinho and Robertson linking up too well either, but we did create chances. Usually I defend Hendo, but he was absolutely rank last night it has to be said, he kept giving the ball away. Second half we looked like a team of individuals as well, which tbf most of the lads playing haven't played with each other much, but its still no excuse.\n\nOn the plus side, great seeing Ings back.
Seems as ox was the issue then 😂😂😂😂
Did u think ud beat a team of premiership champions with ur team of never will cos Gerrard slipped like a pussy bitches???
i miss my team of the 8o s  and 2001 trebble wining team we want dijmii !!! :0) the stig !!hurry up lala we miss your hunger weve gone soft!! :0(
Well that was fucking embarrassing wasn't it? This is what happens when you fail to sort out your defensive and team depth problems. I think it's looking like a trophyless top 10 finish again. Back the drawing board next summer.
And people need to stop overhyping our players after a couple good results\n\nGood bye hendo\nAnd if Klopp even thinks about playing keita and hendo
This is a fuckin joke now I can't see it getting any better why can't we win games without Mane ??????
It's my fault. I wasn't singing loud enough to improve our back four. Sorry Chris I will do better next time
This isn't just this season, it's been season in, season out.  It's become the 'Liverpool way'. Whenever I see possession heading over 60% if we don't have got a lead I fear a poor result.  I really don't get PC mandatorily going off after 45 mins.  Yes say to him, when you start to tire tell the bench, but him going off turned the game.  Robertson then lost the freedom he had and that closed off our main attacks.  Here's a question, what is more tiring for players, playing a run of games where you know your team mates and you give every game a good crack, or chopping and changing where you might be watching your mates lose on TV.  So few games into the season and it feels like f'ing Groundhog Day.  We have a house without foundations and season after season we seem to think that will bring success.  At the start of each season do FSG really want us to challenge, because after so few games, I don't think we will top the table at any stage this season unless others have games in hand.  I've followed this club for 40 years, the last 25 being utterly ropey.  Even the few successes we've had have largely been toss of a coin stuff. (Penalty shootouts). Leicester proved it doesn't have to be the most expensive players but the right players.  Generally our players have poor concentration and are generally weak in game phycology.  Bored of it.  Don't mind losing if it's because our best team have an off day, but sick to death of our club being a work in progress.  Klopp you want us to believe, then start earning your fat salary.
disappointing season after season come on were liverpool and not getting a trophy after a few season is a joke the fans deserve more than having to see every season these type of results just pathetic
I miss kolo and martin
I'm sorry but klopp relied on the second team and they didn't perform simple. Flanagan is garbage and should be nowhere near the premier league.  Woodburn always looks average and just loses the ball,  i don't see the hype.  He looks small,  slow and if he doesn't pass backwards he loses the ball. Average. \nEverything else wasn't too bad but we lacked talent when Phil went off.  \nHarry Wilson or Kent are better than Woodburn.  I remember when sterling came through he was actually good lol he took people on and showed class.  Woodburn hasn't. He scored a tap in and one in preseason.  Forget Wales when he hit one from a distance.  His overall play is poor.  And he is not a winger! \nHe is still young but I think in 45 mins if that was markovic he would have been slated.  He did nothing. We need to stop overrated average players especially scouse players.  Players like suso were much better at the same age. Suso btw would have been great last night but we let him go and become the main man at ac Milan..
it's a micky mouse trophy anyway..it's a blessing in disguise
Woodburn has great future ahead of him and am puzzled why he hasn't been making the bench because he looks like a first change for salah/mane.but taking couhtino off in what felt like a premeditated sub killed us,he was what knitted the midfield n attack together.the ox was erratic on his debut let's not judge him yet people.west ham been linked with cavallio had me thinking well surely klopp will pounce with Lucas n Stewart going smh.#3points on Saturday
We still don't have a top striker. Playing attacking midfielders as a striker ie firmino isn't the answer, unless we find the next Torres or Suarez then 100 shots and no goals will continue.
January has come early this season. It won't turn February until Mane comes back and Coutinho finds his range. But this defence is the most gruesome I can ever remember.
We Need The King To Return King Mane. Without Him We Are Shit.  We Need To Start Showing Are Main Man The Love We Show To The Likes Of The Old Guard. Becouse Believe It Or Not Mane He His The GLUE Of The Team. Watch When He Returns.
Its become embarrassing we just throw this cup away and being realistic our only chance of a trophy its utter shit that alot of these players are played in a week what takes us a year or more to earn Im tired of hearing about the defence forget that even when we went a goal down were the fuck was our captain again gone missing blowing passes all over the place he has lost a truck load of pace and hes lost in midfield now a lot of kids on that pitch last nite looking for big players to help them and ge them up and nothing every senior player was nowhere to be seen and then on commentary isnt it great to see the senior players in the stand watching the game like would ye get fucked I still cant understand why these results shock me klopp has three games to put it right or he can fuck right off hes making.hodgson look good
Pathetic.  The team lacks real leaders on the pitch.  O how I miss Carra and Bellamy.  Yes, Bellamy.  He was a leader on the pitch, especially up front.  I remember when Carra shouted at Arbeloa when he lost concentration during a match.  We don't have that.  A defensive leader would also help Simon and whoever else are between the posts.
Remember when ox wasnt a deal with was going to affect the lemar and VVD deals? good times... sold a lie as usual
We didn't play our best team last night, but the game on Saturday isn't gonna get easier. They are gonna bring back Maguire, Simpson, Schmeichel, Vardy and Mahrez and we haven't won at the King Power in the last three visits (including last night). The only good thing is we don't play at Anfield until October 14th. The way this team is playing atm, playing at home will only hurt them. We have three games until the international break to go out there and recover points in the league and bring our confidence back. Up the Reds.
FSG are the problem but nobody is listening
The biggest idiots of all this are the have faith in Klopp guys. Fucking retards, fucking bastards, fucking misery twats.
you wanker,a few weeks ago u were running your mouth,now u see how crap liverpool is?...anyway how is the Oxlade doing,are u still buzzing u signed him...lmfao
The big German cheerleader 😂😂😂😂😂😂 seriously tho he’s a fraud!!!!
The only good from this match is, Joe Gomez has finally played in CB! Oh, its better to watch him play rather than Klavan or Lovren. Also Henderson maybe need some rest, 'cause lately, his performance was so horrible, cant blame Klopp if in the January market we bought some good DM to replaced him
Let's try another way. Let's do the Pygmalion thing and everyone say we have a great defense.!!.. we have a great defense!!
Sick,is a understatement!!
Man of the first half!!!!! - what a phrase that is!!!
If we don't score within 30 minutes, we end losing most of the time.
Klopp and Wenger, need to share idea's.
Bitterly disappointing last night. Ultimately, we didn't deserve to go through after that second half performance. Okazaki came on and changed the game. Ward was excellent and Woodburn was very hungry. Solanke was great. Gomez was solid, apart from the goals of course. League Cup was never a priority, but at least it is one less excuse for Jürgen to use! At the end of the day, another chance of silverware gone - another one bites the dust! Just hopeful that we won't play like that on Saturday. Hope we can use this defeat as incentive to beat them on Saturday!\nC'mon Liverpool! We go again against Leicester City (again!) at the King Power Stadium back in the league! C'mon Redmen! #YNWA ⚽️🔴❤️
this is what happens when most transefer windows we sign shite or potential shite
We are sad , u are changing ur opinion every game
Em what's the count now
MANE GOES OUT AND IT ALL GOES TO SHIT, AGAIN.
Never seen such a bunch of nearly-men as Liverpool. Still living off past glories after all these years.
Liverpool destroyed us first half with us only having 26% possession and no clear cut chance, we are used to defending with our backs to the wall and even won the league doing exactly that but even all us in the crowd were thinking ur goal was coming... You were unlucky tbh. That shocking corner (1 of many lol) by Ox that was MEGA powerful near post that managed to potentially concuss Ulloa was the difference as it forced GRINji Okazaki on and the energy was injected into us. Iborra was excellent second half, as was Dragovic both on their debuts. I thought you reds fans were another level of brilliant last night btw, to all you reds fans who weren't there last night they done you proud! They were noisey, well behaved and packed the away corner... You should be proud!!! We were lucky to win last night as it could've been 3-0 at half time, you reds fans shouldn't be too disheartened though as at times you played some PHENOMENAL football and we couldn't cope, you were just unlucky last night. We go again Saturday evening and no doubt in our minds you will give us a ridiculously tough time. All the best for your club for the future and hope you get the results you deserve.
Before blaming Klopp, it's important to understand why we didn't strengthen the defense. It could be because FSG were unwilling to spend (most likely scenario ). However if it was because we didn't have a list of targets then the manager should be held responsible.
No blaming the fans this time eh?
Loserpewl
Hahahahahahaha 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ha Liverpool  are shit
Klopp OUT
Btec ArsenalFanTV
Liverpool looking very poor......
Klopp flop
*Are уоu lоокing fоr hot datеs in уour neighbоurhооd?*

KFOZbLzp68c,\n *Theу herе ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=KFOZbLzp68c_964363
What a snivelling partime reporter
😂😂😂 Scouse kints 😏😏 suck a dick 🦄🦄
Hahahahahahahaha scouser cunts
😂
United!
Btec AFTV
You're fucking shit
GET A FUCKING DEFENDER
bring LVG....
Btec aftv
Henderson, klavan, solanke out!
klop out
😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁👌👌👌👌👌👏👏👏😁😁😁🖕
KLOPP OUT!!
Klopp out! Enough is Enough :(
KLOPP FOR THE CHOP. PLEASEEEEEEEE
START WITH HENDO END WITH HENDO.. HE'S A FUKEN WANKER. HENDO IS A HEADLESS TWAT
The oxlade-chamberlein effect...
Bin dippers
(Y)ou'll (N)ever (W)in (A)nything ....27 YEARS!!!!!!
What a performance by the Ox. I’d say 40 million well spent 😉
Klopp out,Wenger in
leicester have done us a favour the league and champions league is are main target  the league cup and f.a. cup r a destraction
Hahahahah Liverpool are shit there a one man tram
stop over reacting, frankly Liverpool are an average club and as such will only attract average players and managers. Sure you'll do ok this season, just don't expect to win anything cos you'll be disappointed.  (southampton supporter with realistic expectations)
Who gives a fuck it's entertaining that's all that matters I don't care if we win lose or draw it's entertainment I'm after, that's why I spend my money to watch them
When was the last time yous won a trophy? 😂😂😂
Girl the fact that you're trending now I love u I want u to myself
hey!! ive been insteresed in applying at rhisd and i was wondering if you were staying in a dorm or an apartment!!
I cried when I saw her grand father omg 😭😭😭
i love you! Thank you for inspiring me
What uni do you guys attend? Those dorms look so nice
Omg where did you get that textured mustard crop top??
Wow your view is amazing! My view at my school is of an Ihop and a parking garage (altho not complaining that much cuz I love ihop). I'm a freshman at college and so far its been SO much fun and pretty easy.
LORDDDD SHORT HAIR SUITS LILITH SO MUCH YOURE ADORABLE
希望外公可以好起来 早点回到家💛 😥
your sister is so cute! I love her whole look, with the haircut, the blush, the checkered dress, the green coat, its all so cute!
annabelle, you and lillith both look like anime characters honestly!! both so aesthetic :) also best of wishes for your grandfather!! i hope youre all doing well :) also, i have officially just had my first date recently with my gf!! us in the lgbtq are so happy 😊 i hope you guys are having a great day!! :D shine on :)
You inspire me to make more art and put an effort into my appearance. Thank you!
Just feel so cozy watching this video. Just like morning coffee in a comfortable armchair and watching   Birds and squirrels outside the windows. And then fall asleep.
its been a while since i've watched one of your vlogs and man, i've missed you!
Really really appreciate the description 💖!!
I literally started sobbing when your grandpa came on :'( He reminds me so much of mine. I hope he gets better soon!!!
the second i saw the hospital clip i just started crying - my biggest fear is losing my grandparents.. i just never want that to happen, i love them too much
Does anyone know that name of the cute cafe she met her friend Amanda at ??? So cuteeee
Wow her sister's hair is so different! But it suits her!!! She looks so youthful and adventures
Your grandpa is very precious & i hope he holds on for longer :’) also love ur cat so cute
oh I remember seeing your grandpa in your past vlogs and he brought me so much joy. The clips of your grandpa got me. Praying he'll be well.
Your vlogs are beautiful and very relaxing
I appreciate the small editing details you add into your vlogs. Like when you were washing dishes, the camera shot from the side, and then from inside the cabinet as you put the dish away was really seamless! Lovely work
i was crying so bad when i saw ann's grandpa.
the part with tour grandfather made me cry
I just started my freshmen year at scad and the work you do and out into these blogs really inspire me to do my reading 😂
first video of urs I’ve seen and ur grandpa part made me tear up :,( ❤️ love ur vlog so far ! Ima subscribe lol
did you keep the puppy ??
I'd cry to let go my cats 😭
Why am I crying in the club😭
Seeing your grandpa reminded me of mine and now I'm crying lol
aw your grandpa :((( i remember seeing him in all ur christmas vlogs n when he popped up i just sobbed :( i rlly hope he gets better n is able to come back home w u n film more stuff :) cheer up annabelle!
hope your grandad gets well soon <3 much love to you and your family
I cried when I saw your grandpa,  he is so cute . I haven't met my grandparents , they oases away before I was born , but I really love grandparents , their so sweet . I hope he is doing well :)
I LOVE the vibes to this video
HOW DO YOU KEEP  YOU BAG SO CLEAN! Mine gets dirty sooooo easily
You are so wonderful
the grandpa part made me cry so bad haha...i really hope that he does stay there till the end of the year :')\ngood luck
JUST TELL YOUR SIS HER NEW HAIRSTYLE IS TOO NICE !!
I cried so much when you showed your grandfather :( I hope he's doing well!
shout out to kens ramen, place is an 11/10
I don't know why, but the part with your granddad had me sobbing! I really love your videos!
Apartments are soooo much cheaper than dorms and gladly better for art school
I love love love this vlog so much it's so cute and I feel like moving in with you guys 😭
Crying like a baby. Hope your grandfather feels better soon.
I'm so excited for more VLOGS this is amazing
This vlog made me cry. So beautifully edited as always Annabelle- I'll never get over how emotional, raw and cosy you're videos are⭐️💛
I love you... that's all I can say...
The grandpa clip.I've been crying for good 15 minutes now.Hit me right in the heart
Always love seeing new videos from you, makes me feel so creative 💛
Your videos are SOO NICE! Well done!
Your sister looks beautiful with her new haircut ❤️
i love watching your videos before bed ! they really help you wind down and your dorm and the places you go are so cute !
Your grandpa is so cute, I hope he gets better! ❤️❤️❤️
Its so nice you were able to settle in again! <3 Im praying for your grandfather, he looks like such a sweet being :(. much love !! <33
my cat passed away recently and looks a lot like pumpkin! he's so cute and i was very happy seeing him in this video.\n\n\nAnd you and your sister's hair is so cute!!
you're so such a baby, you inspire me on every single vlog. I hope you get all the sucess that you deserve
I love your vlogs so much, they make wanna be productive and do stuff💞💗
Can you vlog again your cat
Your sister's hair looks amazing😻
I'll do my homework....right after this video
what camera do you shoot on ?
I wish your grandfather all the best, and hope he has a speedy recovery.
The same thing happened to my grandma recently 😪 praying for your family x
i told myself i wouldn't cry at the scene of your grandpa at the hospital, but when he started waving and saying goodbye, i burst into tears. i recently moved to another state, away from my grandparents and i miss them oh, so dearly. not having them across town anymore has been so hard on me, but i know they'll be okay. i loved this vlog and i love you, annabelle!
I hope your grandfather gets well soon, you have my prayers...
this is so so so enjoyable i love your vlogs and your sister's new haircut looks amazing
your granddad seems really sweet x i hope the best for him and your family!! and have a wonderful time at uni!
Her new hair cut is so cool
I clicked so fast omg. I love your vlogs and you and your sister. Ahhh
cried during my lunch break after seeing that section with your grandpa. praying for him!
Dude your videos are soo good! Im literally binge watching, thank god you showed up on trending, your videos are truly moving art!
i was so sad about your grandpa home he gets well sooner than later
ur ganpa is the cutest
your grandpa is lucky to have such a wonderful family, i wish him all the best :)
haha omg when I saw that you were flying to pvd I was like 😱😱😱 I go to school there too! I'm at brown university 😋
I started crying when I saw your granny, because it remembered me of my grandfather who died 3 months ago. Also he wanted us to succeed ❤️
the clips with your grandfather are so beautiful, sending all my love to you and your family & hope he gets well soon
You're so lucky to have your vlogs with your grandpa...you'll treasure those. I still have voicemails from my pa-pa and they're invaluable. Grandpas are the best, aren't they??
this is #44 on trending !!
Your videos are so pleasing and calming to watch, thank-you for that! I'm excited that you're back at RISD because I'm from Providence and love seeing the familiar sights! I actually used to work at the Seekonk 99 Restaurant for six years before quitting to do YouTube full time :) Sending love to you and your family <3
Welcome back to Providence, come by Hometown Poké sometime!
Just discovered your channel and I'm so glad I did. They're so real and your outlook on life is comforting and inspiring, makes me feel not so alone. Best wishes to your family ❤️
aww ur grandfather melted my heart😭💗
Dorm tour!!!!
爷爷 aaaaaaa. bless him. bless him so much.
FINALLY OMG
你是南方人吗？？
Trending wow!❤️
Your grandpa ❤️💔❤️
U r super cute and beautiful and inspiring ❤️
OMG UR TRENDING
Your sister looks like 周冬雨，the Chinese actress☀️
The thumbnail . Same 😅
u & ur sister r so cute & homely tgt aa 💞
44th on trending omg
Editing goals❤️!
I live in ri 😛
I like all of your vlogs. This one I liked especially bacause I just started my first year in uni, and I left my country, friends and family for this. This vlog is very relateble and heatwarming! I'm so happy you girls live together now! You're so adorable together! :))
What’s a uni?
AHHH SO HAPPY FOR YOU!!!!
This is AMAZING!!! X
What an amazing experience for you! She seemed so lovely and you could tell how grateful and happy you were to be there! Looks like an amazing trip! 😘😘 still loving the vlogs
This vlog is excellent. So professional and informative. I think you may be the best out there at what you do. The right mix of personal but informative about brands x
Smashing outfits!! 👌🏼😍
This vlog is so awesome!!!!!
You met Victoria Beckham, got a chance to interview her and all you do is read social media questions? Come on, it was your opportunity to shine and show everyone what you know about the fashion business, and create a memorable impression on VB.
your makeup looks amazing! i'm so proud of you
omg so cool you met her , she seemed so shy :D but so cool really - i love the spice girls too - you are very lucky that you actually met a spice girl :)))
So happy for you Vic👏🏼
So there're different makeup styles for different cities? Like football team colours?
2 amazing inspirational women :) xx
well done, you deserve everything that comes your way because you work so hard xxx
that highlight is to die for!!!
this makeup look is GOALS.
Your awful hair is my dream hair 😂😂😂💖
I feel you should take a look at the shade of your foundation, and match it a bit closer your your natural skin tone. If I met you without seeing you without foundation I'd think nothing of it, but it's noticeable when you can see the before and after,.
Hi Victoria, loved your smiley personality when you were interviewing VB. Her stunning advice for winter, coat, jumper, trouser, wow, how original!
VICTORIA IS SO CLASSY!! 😩🙌🏽🌹🌹
Such a dreamy experience to be a part of, so glad you were able to share it with us. \nHugs Adele xoxo
Wow, VB is amazing!!
Love, love, LOVE this! xxx
Goals!
Ahh you look so happy and very humble to be invited to such an amazing event - you're practically glowing like morning aura itself! Love all those looks on you and I have to get my hands on that blush/bronzer thats on your cheeks in the last frame of you looking into the camera - its just stunning!
I hate how hotel bathroom lights make everyone look tango'd!
I'm so intrigued by the VB Estée Lauder line, particularly the contrast between Victoria as a spokeswoman and Kendall Jenner for the Estee edit. I'm really growing tired of celebrity lines that lack real involvement from the celeb themselves. But I really appreciate VB's passion behind the collection, and believe there was a true collaboration between the brand and herself.  Plus Victoria! I see the similarities between you and VB. Intelligence passion and style!
Looks amazing Victoria, one to remember forever!! Love that skirt, I have a similar one and it just comes out time and time again!! X
Nicely done and well deserved!  All your looks were perfection.  LOVE VB! 💙💙
Awesome video. Just ordered two pieces from the collection. I was inspired!
So happy on your behalf! I have been a subscriber for some few years now,and I have definitely been caught up on how much you adore this woman :) Not to mention that you totally deserve everything you have achieved and will achieve in the future xx
The girl in the background at 4:14 looked so cool and chic. Need that jacket⭐️
You are the sweetest ♥️♥️♥️
How do you do make up so well in such speed! I take about an hour and it looks like I took 2 minutes to do my make up 😰💞
Hi!! Would you be able to film a makeup tutorial (or tell me the products you used) on the makeup you was wearing on your final outfit change (the blue dress and the awesome green boots!!!) I absolutely adore your makeup and really would love to recreate it xxxx
Congrads!!!!!! :D That's a point checked from bucket list :D Amazing! BRAVO! I know how much you love her :) (pssst me too! she's got an amazing style!)
How exciting! What a wonderful opportunity and great experience! Congratulations on being so poised and lovely while having a random chat with Victoria Beckham... as you do. You looked gorgeous!
so lucky got to meet victoria beckham .love that VB makeup collection on you !
Even though I've never met you am so proud of you for meeting your idol ❤️ you both look amazing xx
Amazing! you look beautiful, VB is so humble and down to earth like yourself xxxx
You are so privileged, thanks for sharing! 😁 xoxo
This is SO exciting! 😍👏🏻 So happy for you! XO
Great video - what an amazing experience!
Such flawless premium content😊 You go girl👍🏻\nLoadza love from India 😍😘
Love the look you created with the orange through the crease and blue wing! Absolutely gorgeous!
So happy for you! So amazing to meet Victoria Beckham she is incredible! So are you, two wonderful ladies, so inspiring! Lots of love xx
Looks like you are in the Rovers Return lol xx
Im so happy for you Victoria 💚💚
What an amazing experience. Really like Victoria Beckham and can't wait to try some of her makeup 😙
This video is Incredible , victoria Beckham was divine ,my Congratulations xxx Antonia Luisi
Wow, you seem so much more relaxed and natural than Victoria Beckham....lol. Good job!! xx
Beautiful look.  Your hair looks long and luscious also.  Have you thought of doing a hair tutorial as to how you get your hair style so spot on.  Loved the questions you asked VB. She is such an icon.  Congratulations.
Both Victorias the cutest ❤️
lovely vlog you can see your passion and excitement look forward to seeing more.also you'd me more excited for my holiday in NYC.
Omg How Amazing! VB Is One Of My Favourite Women. I Would Have Passed Out With Excitement. Thankyou So Much For Letting Us See Behind The Scenes At NYFW - Looks Like You Had An Incredible Time xx \nP.s You Look Fabulous In EVERYTHING 😘
Victoria squared! Victoria beckham is one of my favorite designers, her clothes are so beautifully made and the fit is amazing!
You were so sweet when you were interviewed Victoria Beckham, you could tell it was your dream come true but you were so composed and professional.
Not sure how but that gorgeous browny nude lipstick totally compliments the contouring.
You and Victoria (Beckham ;)) are absolutely one of the most beautiful en sweet people on earth!
I never miss any of you vlog!love you Victoria!am a fan 😘😘😘🇵🇭
My goodness your skin without makeup is flawless!
such an icon! I dont even imagine what it feels to meet a person that you admire so much! You are so lucky Victoria! ohh and LOOOVED the blue sweater
Gosh, I wasn't even considering trying the new VB makeup until I saw your video with the different looks. How would you compare the VB looks to the Charlotte Tillbury looks in a box?
WoW Victoria! Huge milestone, congratulations! So cool to know where YouTube has taken you, not that I live in England or anything but I´ll just keep on working on my channel as well and hopefully some day cool things will come my way!
This vlog actually made me so emotional. Anyone who watches you knows that she is one of your biggest inspirations so to see you get to talk with her and get invited to these intimate events with her, I don't know why but I could have cried. I literally got choked up watching you interview her haha. Beautiful looks as always <3
WOW ! you cant call this work.. :-) meeting VB... but you work hard every day and deserve these lovely moments Vic, pleased for you, the new collections look so well made and look good on you. xxx
So happy for you! After watching you for many years I squealed when I could see your dreams coming true!! Great vlog! Just wondered what you fav restaurants are in NYC as I'm heading there for the first time at Christmas!! x
Your skin gets better every day, just beautiful..
I was fangirling so much when the two of you were talking! Iconic af 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Wish there was a #drybar near me. The creator is such a lovely lady!
What a dream to meet VB!!  Please post a pick of your blow dry.
Your face when you were talking to VB is gonna be my face when I get to meet you someday 😻
You looked amazing as usual! I'll be taking some autumn wardrobe inspiration from you!
Oh what I would do to be in your shoes! (Metaphorically and literally, cuz your shoes are always on point)💕
So awesome, so happy for you
My favourite Victorias combined 😍😍😍😍😍😍
What an amazing opportunity! This is why I love being on YouTube and the experiences you can have xx
So happy for you! What an amazing experience ❤
hey inthefrow! u look absolutely gorgeous and you would have outdone VB if u wouldn't have slouched ua body and carried ua self with more confidence! U were more beautiful than VB but her poised body language won the show there !
Ahhhh it was so cool to see you both together :D She is so stunning and seems lovely :D
amazing! you are on fire my girl xx
I squealed when you started interviewing VB.
I personally think VB is a bit overrated....she is ok....her style and her look is alright but nothing special....I think she is the one who should be thanking you and be grateful to  young beautiful bloggers like yourself are giving her products the time of day....\n🤗😉
OMG I love this, so happy you got to meet her! I love your vlogs, always so interesting and fun to watch x
Victoria was highkey fangirling lol
Hang on, hang on ... stop right there. Victoria Beckham - VICTORIA BECKHAM - said you looked lovely in her dress?! I die! But of course, she's absolutely right ;) xx
who was that girl talking at the end of the video she was stunning
We didn't get to see your blowout 😞
Wow wow wow I am so so chuffed for you, well done for not falling at her feet, it really must've been so hard to stay composed while asking her questions! Xxxx
I was grinning the whole time you were interviewing Victoria, so so happy for you - you deserve all of the amazing opportunities you are having! I have no clue how you were so chilled and candid when meeting her... very jealous! xxx
Loved the looks and your personality too, amazing 😍
Anyone knows what watch she is wearing? :)
Hay when can us in the uk buy the VB and EL make up xxxxx
Hi Victoria, what is your natural colour of hair? :)
I don't know how old you are, but in the beginning of the video where you have no makeup on, you look like a 17-year old girl! I mean, your skin is perfection! Please upload a skincare routine video ASAP!
Can you please recreate the LA look for us ?
Everything is so wearable. When you watch other runways there is not a lot I would wear but hers is beautiful xx
Hi Victoria! Where are your earrings from? I notice you wear them all the time and they look lovely! Love from Guam <3
awww you can tell u were totally girl fanning! So ice meeting ppl u admire :)
When you said Victoria nude, I was thinking Victoria Mcgrath nude which was YSL!! 💜
I'M SCREAMING!!!!! This is amazing!!!!!
I'm not pregant, no kids and i don't know if I will have kids yet but I just love mommy related videos 😂🙈
Just sat down now that my daughter Aria fell asleep and you uploaded! love that we have a daughter with the same name 😂
You should prank your husband and fill the bag with potatoes (up to the same weight) so the next time he is with Aria and tries to take something from the bag he will be confused. (But make sure to leave just one spare diaper at the bottom of the bag) \n\nI'm hitting the age (26) where I'm finding myself progressively thinking about starting a family almost every single day. Anyone else like that?
You ur mama bear shirt is too die for 👌🏻🌸🌸 great diaper bag as well ☀️☀️
Yay!!! You're such an inspiration Jen! I so appreciate these videos (I'm 20 weeks along with a baby girl), thank you!!
Can you do a diaper bag comparison? What you like or dislike about the diaper bags you own? Love to watch product comparison video/blogs, thanks
I love your mommy videos!!
yesssss JUJUBE lovers!!!
Love you Jen! ❤️
♥️♥️♥️
boogie wipes are a life saver!
New subscriber
I just ordered same sippy cup:)
I also do mommy/diaper bag videos!! I love jujube!! 💖💖💖💖
Do you still breastfeed at all? My daughter will turn 1 next month and I don't know how to start weaning her
I love this video! My husband and I are first time parents to our amazing one month old daughter, Ellie. We definitely had questions on what to put in the diaper bag the first time we packed it. Just like you guys, we like to keep things to a minimum of what we need to carry. I like the style of your bag a lot. We've got the kind of classic duffel-style bag, but I think once Ellie gets a little older, we'll end up switching to something like yours. Loving all of your Momtember videos! Please keep 'em coming <3
Obviously I wouldn't just whip my boob out anywhere! - I'm so lucky I got to whip my boob to feed my baby out without fear in San Diego: at the park, at the San Diego Zoo, on the beach, at the tide pools - and no one gave me a hard time.  In fact, I'd say at least in our part of SD it was rare to find mommies using a nursing cover.  Now when we moved up to the Miracle Mile in LA I gotta say I would feel weird breastfeeding in front of some of the scary homeless people or in a super crowded area.  What a blessing to have had that first year and a half with my baby in South Park, San Diego, where hipsters don't care if you breastfeed in public.
I'm a young mommy and I've been struggling to find a good diaper bag. Thank goodness for this video because I definitely know what to get now!!
Hey Jen! I love Ju-Ju-Be bags! If you want more, there is a FB community for Ju-Ju-Be fans and also a BST page for it! There are more Hello Kitty items to match your coin purse! I have a few of them and love that print! Let me know and I can share the links to the pages!
You should making video about reviewing baby product too.. 😄
I like how you packed this bag with all the right essentials. I would do the same. I used to have a back pack type diaper bag too when my son was a baby. it was great for traveling. I think that brand was called one step ahead or something, been long ago lol.
I loved your idea of the coin pouch for your car key and stole it plus I add my drivers license.
Thanks for sharing! I love these vids...just curious to see what others carry in their diaper bag.  Does the backpack come with a stroller strap? TY!
We pack similarly! As mine got older, diapers were replaced by snacks, his sunglasses, etc. But I'm pregnant again and love seeing what other people do -- not sure how I'll pack for two!
I had the same diaper bag and it broke within 6 months of using it plus I found it not functional at all . I purchased it before my son was born :( . I feel into the hype 😖
I will be so happy when I can make videos like this. We have been trying for over a year now. Until then I can keep watching videos like this and learn as much as I can! :)
Yeah jujube!!! We have snacks in the top zipper in case Allie gets hungry, and an extra set of clothes for me cos there has been accidents (I usually have it in a separate be quick for me)..
Does she still drink milk from bottles? Our littles are the same age and I still carry around toddler formula and bottles lol
100% with you on the diaper wipes! They are so handy!
This is a lovely bag but how do you use a backpack bag when you're dressed up fancy 🤦🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
My kids are older, 8 and 4, but I still carry around baby wipes. I keep a bag in my bag and in the car. I swear, someone is always spilling something or getting their little fingers sticky/dirty. 😂
such a cute video, you have a lot of good essentials xo
My daughter absolutely LOVES that baby Einstein music light up thing. It's a life saver for my husband and I.
Loved this so much Jen!! I love more simplistic things too so this was super satisfying to watch. :) Thank you for sharing.
Omg! I got that little fan thing when I was in San Diego. It's so useful and such an awesome thing for a hot day
Despite the fact that I don't plan to marry any time soon, I love all these mom videos because I know that these will come in handy some years later. This I know from my experience with menstrual cups--knowing many things about them before actually using them (thanks to Jen) has helped me so much.
Yes! Yes! Yes! I love our backpack bag, and I basically carry exactly what you do, with one addition. A shirt for me! I was inspired by a friend of mine who's daughter had a blow out while she was holding her. We were out and her baby had a change of clothes, but momma wasn't as lucky.
The link to the diaper backpack doesn't work :/
Loving momtember 💖💖 So relateable
Please keep posting these mom video or even your experience!! Love them so much
No snacks or food 😛 ? That is something I always keep for my baby .. like one smoothie or raisins or ... something 😝😝
No snackies?! 😲 If I didn't have to carry 2 different medical kits, I'd be able to get by using a regular handbag with a small diaper pouch and snackies. Instead, I use a giant Kenneth Cole commuter bag. Lol.
LOVE JuJube, I own two! and Steven used to love that toy as well! Love your Momtember vids! :)
Props to all the moms out there!👏
Where do you put your baby bottles?
Wow what an amazing scientist and an amazing person too.. Not only fighting to save the environment, the fish, and the local people livelihood to. Beautiful video, I feel like I'm also getting teary eyed just like Emily..
I just got home from my visit to The Field Museum last night and now I wake up to a BrainScoop video, it's like I never left Chicago.
Fantastic work, it would be nice if people like Dr. Lesley could have the kind of prominence in society that we give to the many vacuous celebrities. The would would be a much richer for it. Thanks Emily, you're a bundle of wonder. :)
This is SO COOL! It makes me so happy to see a field scientist who's a woman of color. Represent, homegirl, and keep fighting the good fight! Also, ya'll are adorable getting emotional about fish conservation I love seeing geeky people being passionate about conservation!!
That lady has such a soothing voice. I can listen to her talk about fish for hours.
Animal Crossing prepared me for this video.
This is an amazing way to teach us about large freshwater fish. Showing us how you study them, how they are protected, etc. Instead of the river monsters bs we get on cable tv, that do nothing but perpetuate myths about these creatures killing or eating humans.
I think it's really cool how this scientist emphasizes local knowledge! it's really in line with what I learn as a social anthropology student.
On The Animal Planet show River Monsters Jeremy Wade talks about these multiple times. He had ribs broken by these trying to help net them for scientists like her.
Really enjoy your videos. Found you through the No Dumb Questions podcast and been watching you ever since. Keep up the good work!
You guys are amazing. Thank you for doing such great, inspiring work. I'd love the chance to pick your brain or at least listen to a lecture or read a book that you write.
Hahahaha I cried a little too. I love fish nerd friend Dr. Lesley :)
Arapaima is an amazing fish. It's extremely old species and is prehistoric as well. It's also incredibly powerful, able to literally break bones by launching itself at you (almost broke the guy from River Monster's chest plate)
Emily I've been complained over the past year to reach and share with you the amazing journey I've been on thanks to you.  Just over a year ago I began watching your YouTube series BrainScoop and was fascinated by the work you do!  I started thinking maybe I could be like Emily one day, being an ambassador of science inspiring young people to become stewards of the planet.  I looked into enrolling into university, but my high school grades and courses were not adequate.  So it was back to high school for me to upgrade my math and sciences at the ripe old age of 29!! Today I am 30 years old; two weeks into my first year of university at MacEwan in Edmonton Alberta.  I have four years ahead before I can officially call myself a scientist, but you set the wheels in motion!!  Never did I imagine myself ever attending college or university espt at my age!  I'm so excited to earn my science degree in biology and anthropology with the hope of working at a museum just like you!  Thank you Emily for making your videos and inspiring me!  You do not know me but you have changed my life forever!!
Arapaima are one fo the coolest fish in my opinion.
She looks like Michelle Rodriguez! What an awesome study and preservation effort
The footage from Dr. de Souza's research looks top notch, does there exist any kind of fully edited video/documentation? :O
Guyana is truly an amazing place!
Aka da best fish in animal crossing.
Please do more videos like this! As a student who wants to go to college for marine ecology I love watching scientist work from different ecosystems and seeing how the science is applied in the field!
Although fish really freak me out, this is so incredibly interesting!
She reminds me of Grace from Avatar.
I wanna squeeze a fish right now but I don't think it would be a very good idea.. but they are so CUTE AND I DUNNO WHY
I appreciate the banana for scale 👉
I had goosebumps from watching this. Great vid and great work in the preservation efforts!
This was so sweet T_T
You can tell by the look in Dr. Lesley de Souzas eyes that this is her passion. This is a great interview, Emily you're great. Keep it up. It's really inspiring to see someone as passionate about science as you.
Anyone else who first knew of this fish through Animal Crossing?
Now that's someone who cares about her work. Awesome job!
Thank you for continuing to include it still has brains on it. From, was it the wolf dissection?
I get teary eyed thinking of 5:59
My only issue would be the initial impact of inserting that Radio tracking device, I understand its absolutely no harm to the fish physically but owning fish myself i know when they get stressed they tend to hide therefor not giving you the most data possible particularly in 24 hours, Ive seen a GPS system they used here in Sydney harbour to track Bull Shark movements... some interesting stuff...  http://gpscreate.com/case-studies/shark/  You are in the Amazon... i understand that, just food for thought.
Brilliant women in science, love it!!!!!!
What a great episode. It was awesome to see Dr. Lesley de Souza geek out about helping these fish.
This is supreme content! thank you for the continued knowledge and education.
The world needs more people like her, using science in collaboration with empowered local people to get ecosystems and species protected.
I need more braiscoop i don't 5 new ones a day i love this show ......ur passion makes the show some much better
The banana for scale in the thumbnail image is brilliant.  I'm going to start adding them to all of my architectural drawings. I salute whoever put it there.
I love this channel, great video!
I love arapaima! I got to see some full grown ones at an aquarium once, one of them yawned right in my face! Instantly loved them :) So cool to know there are people out there working towards their conservation!
Thanks for the series in field biologists and the animals they study. Very awesome.
Dr. de Souza: English is Guyana's national language, but many people there speak other languages. Did you converse with the local people in English, or some other language?
This is so cool! I hope I'll fine a field I'm just as passionate as her about the work I do.
the world will always need fish nerds fighting the good fight :)
Another awesome video. I love watching passionate people talk about things they love 🐟
You can tell she's just so passionate about her job. I bet she could go on for hours about it! I say job because someone with a passion like this is the kind of person that would forget they're being paid to do what they love :)
Arapaima are my favorite fish!  I'm very happy to see conservation efforts moving forward.
Thumbs up for REALLY good audio quality!
My mom loves, no, she LOVES arapaimas. We have several in our Moscow aquarium/oceanarium.
What can we do to help?
As a complex system, every ecossistem evolves, it changes and it's always changing. How do we know if a certain change is caused by humans (most of them are, I'm sure of this one) or if it's just natural evolution happening before our eyes? We are always trying to prevent or reverse change because we made it in the first place, but if we ever see natural change taking place, will we know it's natural? How to diferenciate?\nAlso, if something is naturally changing, we know it's natural, do we let it do it's thing or do we intervine?
You should open up one and show us whats inside 🤓
Arapaima's a bloody big fish!
Emily, I was at the Field Museum on the 11th seeing my name on the Project Hyena display! I saw you there, but I didn't say hi because you seemed busy. Just wanted to say thanks for this great show. The Field is the best museum I've ever been to.
I'M!!!! SO PUMPED!!!!!! I want to do work like this!!!!!
You are awesome, Emily! And through these videos I have developed a desire to visit the Field Museum one day! :D
Great video!!!
Loved it, but Souza is not pronounced Soo-zah. It's pronounced Soul-za
At my mom hometown, there's a mall that converted a shop lot into a big aquarium and housed 3-4 Arapaima fish about 7-9 feet long.
Mmm this dat PREMIUM level YouTube content. I'd like to see Keemstar try and produce this type of excellence.
She looks like Michelle Rodriguez.
Badass! <3
ICHTHYOLOGY!!! HELL YEAH!!!
are they tasty?
I love arapaima. They are adorable
Very cool
Thanks, Dr. de Souza!
I can confirm arapaima is delicious
Great vid!
Getting teary eyed about fish!
very adorable ending
:) this makes me happy
always cool info
Fishnerds for the win!
These are yummy fish
First radio telemetry adult video, for fish....bloop bloop chicka bloop bloop
love me some arapaima.
Hi!!
Oh yee
Yay!
Wow!
Emily, please never stop doing what you're doing. ;)\n\n I have an idea (might be a stretch...): an interview with David Attenborough on the importance of communication in propagating knowledge on nature and science.
Huge fish
Yay! A new video!
if you want to save the environment so bad, you have to get rid of people and never go there again.
This is so fantastic, thank you! As an aspiring biology student (and perhaps ichthyology, one day!) I truly appreciate your videos on a world that I don't get to see here in little 'ol NZ. Does Lesley have any social media accounts that you'd recommend following? :)
When the fish die and decompose wouldn't the transmitter still be around providing false tracking data? How do they account for that?
Banana for scale? Are you a bit of a 9gag'er emily? Also great work I liked the pacing and interactive feel of this episode!
Stupid intro jingle
She's hot
Fucking Hippies
I sooooo freaking love this song😍😍😍👑better than original💜💜💜i love little mix sooooooooooooo much💛💛👑👑👑👑
I can't wait till they sing it live
In love with dis song...😘😘
Joel is so hot
It's sad to think cnco and little mix haven't even met in real life...... yet....
This is my best version of the song Reggaeton Lento. It's better than the original Reggaeton Lento sung by CNCO only. lol!!!!
Those boys are hot af🔥
This song is so hot just like them!!!😄💗😄
They should do a little mix and fifth harmony collab!!❤️
I'm trying to learn this, BUT THE SPANISH PART IS HARD, BUT I CANT MISS IT D:
Disney just look at jade.
Holy shit.. I'm totally distracted by how cute the boys are. 😂😂\nCan someone tell me something about them?
I really wanted a big dance number to happen, that would've made this video 10/10
wow I never knw the original mv already had 1 billion views..is cnco really that famous?
I'm addicted to this song. I mean not only the song but also the video 😍😍😍 I've watch this like 300++ times 😂
Glory Days Album Music Videos? 💛\n1. Shout Out To My Ex ✅\n2. Touch ✅\n3. No More Sad Songs ✅\n4. Power (ft. Stormzy) ✅\n5. Oops (ft. Charlie Puth ❓\n6. F.U ❓\n7. Down & Dirty ❓\n8. You Gotta Not ❓\n\n\nLIKE IF YOU AGREE! 😻😻😻😻
23k dislikes .. who the hell are those guys..
FUCK THIS...!!\nWHO NEEDS AN ENGLISH SCRIPT FOR THIS LATIN SONG...!!
This is like the best year for a Mixer´s heart:\nNo more sad Songs\nPower\ntouch\nand Reggaeton Lento!\n<3 I love you
Did anyone knows how to stop this song?? Hellpp I can't stop thisss 😍
who's the guy in 0:52?
This song sucks especially with the CNCO
I love this! I have this on repeat! The girls have never looked more confident and beautiful! The guys are steaming up my scree!
i don't know alot of spanish but i love the beat and flow of this song lol
Joel's eyes 😍 oh my ghaaaddd 😱 I'm melting 💘😍❤💀🔫
The views are so slow guys.  Please stream it more harder. 😭💯
I'm here at 13M who else
Who is Swiftie here?💋💋❤️❤️ (I'm Swiftie😍😍) I love this song!!!
Loving this Latin vibe... More please! ❤️🙌🏽
Jade wears a crown👑👑 like the Queen she is💕❤️💖💞
Love this song do much espicially Little Mix and CNCO!!!!!
Have to put this on repeat in #Spotify 😘
Better than real one
SEXY
Jade is my princess jasmine
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
this wonderfull song sang by 9 amazing peoplee
OMG!!😱❤
Jade is so hot omg
camilizer here
JOEL NOOOOO MA HEART
jesy is  hot\nleigh anne is powerful \nperrie is gorgeous\njade is sweet \n\nlove yah guls
Jessy is so hot
👍👍💜💜
#R.I.P Replay Buttom
BEST SONG EVAAAAAA!!!
JESY U SLAYY GAL
❤❤❤❤
13.000.448 ❤
I love little mix Perri😍😍😍😍
despacito is shaking
😍😍😍😘😘😘
CNCO+Little Mix 👌\nMaluma+Little Mix 👌
Wooh! Glory days! Am I right litlle mix?
1:34😈😍
Kommatara💛💛
JESY SLAYED HER GIRLS!
damn hot!
😍😍😍❤❤❤❤
Jesy is so hot
1:08 to 1:11 *DEAD*
My girls slayed again!!
What a voice😊😊😊😍😍😍😍😍😍😎
Omg I love this👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Me encanta esta canción 😃
little mix slAy 👑 rly wished that they danced
😍😘💖🔥🔥
🐨
Queens 👸🏻👸🏾👸🏼👸🏽😍❤️❤️😏🔥🔥🔥
la odio ella parecen unas zorras. seles ariman  mucho.
Joel and Erick 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Hot.
cnco noys are cute
#girl power
Little Mix are bae!!!
0:49 perrie edwards impact
Finally Sunday
Jesy slays♥♥
MY NEW FAV SONG🎧
Alguien abla español ?
Ayyyyy some latinos!!!!! \nLike if ur Hispanic!💖🦋🌸🌎
LEIGH AND CHRIS // PERRIE AND ZABDIEL GOT ME SHOOK 😍😍😍
Jessy ur body is aww fire...
2.21 💓
Y ahora que falta que Katy Perry cante con Maluma o que madres?
Por qué diablos Richard es tan sexi?!?!?!\nAmé a los 9, son fantásticos juntis 🎤🎶❤😘💘
Muchos critican que ahora son muchos los cantantes a los que el Reggaeton da de comer, pero, que tiene de malo; gracias a eso es que ahora hay temas bilingües de Reggaeton, y eso derivará en que surjan cantantes de Reggaeton de habl a inglesa.
La verdad es que no me gusto como tiene el pelo Christopher 😢 pero despues todo lindo
Siento que quitaron la esencia de la canción y eso era lo que me gustaba, y escuchar la letra, era muy sensual y pues latina
POR QUE LE HICIERON ESTO A LITTLE MIX? NO PUEDE SER OSEA DEJEN SU REGUEATON FUERA DE MIS BEBES:((((
[Verse 1: Leigh-Anne & Jade Thirlwall & Perrie Edwards]\nBoy, I can see the way you dancing, move that body\nI know it's crazy, but I feel like you could be\nThe one that I've been chasing in my dreams\nBoy, I can see you're looking at me like you want it\nOh, usually I'm like, Whatever, but tonight\nThe way you moving got me with my mind\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like Bailemos (hey)\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento (ehe)\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo (ooh)\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos? (hey)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n[Verse 2: Jesy & CNCO & All]\nExcuse me baby boy, just had to dance with you now\nSee there's nobody in here that comes close to you, no\nYour hands are on my waist, my lips you wanna taste\nCome muévete, muévete, muévete\nOur bodies on fire, with full of desire\nIf you feel what I feel, throw your hands up higher\nAnd to all the ladies around the world\nGo ahead and muévete, muévete, muévete\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like Bailemos (hey)\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento (ehe)\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo (ooh)\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos? (hey)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n[Bridge: CNCO]\nDo you know I like you when I take you to the floor (the floor)\nI know you like this reggaetón lento (lento)\nThis ain't stopping, baby, 'til I say so\nCome get, come get some more\n[Verse 3: Jade & Jesy & Leigh-Anne & Perrie]\nBoy, I wish that this could last forever\n'Cause every second by your side is heaven\nOh, come give me that, give me that boom, boom, boom, oh\nI tell you, baby, you, baby, you get me hotter\nLoving made me sick, made me sick, you're my doctor\nDon't you know you're playing with fire tonight\nCan we get it right here one more time\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like Bailemos (hey)\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento (ehe)\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo (ooh)\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos? (hey)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nCloser, baby, let go\n[Breakdown: CNCO]\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: “Bailemos, eh?”\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like, Bailemos (eh)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n[Post-Chorus: CNCO & Perrie & (Jade) & Jesy]\nMuévete, muévete\nBáilalo, báilalo\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nLet's get a little closer, slow the tempo\nMuévete, muévete (just dance with me now)\nDrop it low, drop it low\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let's go
Este es mi favorito lo amo lo amo lo amo
Me encanta esta mezcla pero soy honesto me asusta un poco la globalización
Labios rojos vestido rojo ¡¡¡CNCOwners eso siginifca que!!!, a Chris lo vuelven loco las chicas que tengan algo rojo😭💔💔💔
me encanta la canción y los chicos por supuesto
Alguien más está aquí solo por ver a la hermosura de rojo??
i can't believe that little mix and cnco haven't actually meet. this was filmed in 2 two different location.
Little mix spoiled this awesome song
The original without little mix sounds wayyyy better
Poder latino y americano, me encanto!!! Hoy las rumbas ya tienen nueva canción de moda en latinoamerica!!! <3
My left ear absolutely loved this
I would die if Sir Paul sang Happy Birthday to me lol
Was there!!!! It was amazing!!
Holy crap!  I think I saw the back of me head!
...and Mario Batalli next to Lorne too!
I was there, and oh yeah, it was my birthday too, yeah.
13:15 who else hears someone say yes  when she says god damn you guys see that.. creepy
does anyone know what beauty sponge she is using? i can't tell but is it the original beauty blender?
Happy birthday me gustó tu historia te immigrant me and my family are immigrants we came to the USA on 2007 me my sisters my mom and my dad were separated I was with my jungle sister my mom stayed with my middle sister and my dad got separated from us
I have sun spots and the doctor told me it's because of low iron and I recommend you go get checked out to see if your blood is good on iron because I was low con iron and had to go to the hospital. So I basically go the sun spots from low iron and I'm 14 and works in the sun so you should go get checked on your blood .
Sunspots are freckles although some can be light most of the time they are dark or hyperpigmented
Do a mermaid make up look
love the makeup but I kind of assumed you do glitter eyeshadow first so that you can just wipe it off and it won't ruin your foundation but hey everyone's different
Please do a birthday makeup tutorial! Love you and your channel btw 😘
after you said god damn do y'all see that was that alex that said yes?😂❤
I love your coloring of skin, hair and makeup it is so stunning, you seem so mature for your age.\nDeborah💄
hey Daisy I had sun spots to and it was because I didn't drink milk,  sooo toma leche or eat more at home
u have to go to the doctor they give u this cream i had that
What was that purple spray she used to make her concealer and foundation more dewy
Loveeeeed it Daisy!!!😍 You should try and do a mermaid tutorial for halloween! 😁
You remind me of Miranda Cosgrove. Such natural beauties 😊😍
what is the second palette she using? (im french sorry for my english)
How do you figure out your foundation tone? Cuz like I wanna wear makeup Bc your vids inspire me to but idk how sooooo like helppppp❤️‼️😭
I am so excited to for the holidays too I love fall and winter my faves
Love this look😍 and happy birthday love you so much😘💗💗
How did I miss this?????!!
pls upload a recent skincare routine:'( aaaa skin is popping b
It could possibly be vitiligo
😍😍love it
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
she looks like I carly ❤
I LOVE YOU
perfectttt, so gorgeous 😍💕
happy birthday!💞💞💞
Wonder Woman!!
Happy birthday
I love your make up 😍😍
Aw, I just discovered your channel 20 mins ago and it's midnight on your bday💕 lol HAPPY BIRTHDAY 💗
Girl I saw your undocumented video as touching as it was doca has to be remove because when Obama established doca it was approved by all the branches and his job is to enforce the laws. Even if he want to the legislative branch doca would not be allowed either way because we can't have  contradicting laws and it's kinda like where do we draw the line.
beautiful
my mom gives me sopa de frijoles to get rid of my sun spots , the bean juice helps the spots
Happy birthday Daisy! Love you girly🌹❤
i know it's gross but drink bean juice from the can. it really works !
please come out with merch!
your makeup techniques are flawless.
Fish oil helps with sun spots it's disgusting but
recreated this look before the tutorial, I loved itttttt. YOU LOOK SUPER STUNNING 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
ATTENTION : I use mother of pearl face and body lotion and it evens out my face in 2-3days but never use a brightening cream in the day wear it at night or it will create more sunspots.
Do you struggle putting on your contacts with nails on?
Wear sunscreen girl that helps a lot speaking from a Lifeguard’s point of view sunscreen has to be on your face no matter what!
This look is everything! Love you x 😊
U need a psychiatrist
You have never been this beautiful! You are glowing look so wonderful and happy and I can't be happier because of that, love you girl!💙
Did anyone else notice how instead of saying smoothly she said Smothie? 😂
Happy Birthday Daisy !!!! Hope you have a special day because you deserve it !!!💝😘
PLEASE do a homecoming makeup look!
Yasss daisy, you go girl😍😍😍😍 love this look
love this look 😍 but pls post more vlogs!!! i miss them
Put aveeno baby lotion the purple or some kid  vitamins from Tijuana
How is that intro made I've been going crazy trying to figure out how to make it does anyone know please let me know
Happy birthday you  are my inspiration my birthday is the day after yours #libras
Yes I love this video😍❤!!
I've been waiting a tutorial for the Jaclyn Hill palette...-.-
Killing it like always😻💗
She looked better b4 the make up
This is GORG!!  You're beautiful.
Why does this look so dragish?
Please do the cheshire cat from alice in wonderland for you halloween makeup look!
love this look 😻😻
You look like a disgusting freak.
Lol rocking it a little  harder ;) nice video.
Just discovered your channel and I love it. Subscribing❤❤ and binge watching your videos!
can you start your Halloween tutorials now, you're too talented sis I still have a lot to learn 😂😍
Gorgeous ❤️
You look like an old Italian mob-boss.
Lmao that's way to much make up you look like Ronald McDonald
Hey my name is Elizabeth, and the video that you did about being undocumented really got to and I know how it fells because my mom is undocumented too. And I live in Dallas
Aloevera gel gets rid of any discolorations.
13:14 did someone say yes when you said goddamn do y'all see that 😂😂
if you wear all that makeup then your a liar.
My mom has sunspots and she’s also a nurse 😂😂 but she says it could be from hydration! Usually that’s the case 😊 If not it could be from dryness as well
you need victim c for those sunspots
You should do a Selena Quintanilla inspired look 😭❤️
What happened to your face?\nHer dream was to make youtube videos. Your country needs you.
for your sun spots look for over the counter hydroquinone cream. Highest strength available is 3%. Prescription is 4%
So stunning 😍😍
eyebrows look so good 😩
God dam  😂
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 💙💙
purge makeup tutorial with glitter tears! ✨
ny favorite look!!!! yes girl
Great Pornstar look...\n.
thizx look is boom 💥😍
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS LOOK 😍😍🍁🍂🍁🍂🍁🍂🍁
Chic looks like a cheap hooker.
Poor iPhone facial recognition
Jigsaw saw makeup tutorial for Halloween
Lime can cause white spots
Omg no. Not even cute
Your undocumented video made me cry girl! I love you so much like I relate so bad and it was such a great video :-) I support you 100% and I'm so happy for you success!
Where did you buy it at because I am in Mo and I have not seen that before
I like the before better 😘
How do you enter for the giveaway??😧
Yaaaaaassss Bih u giving me life ❤️❤️❤️❤️
happy birthday daisy!! you’re such a huge inspiration to thousands of people and we all enjoy you and your channel ❤️
Hi I like how u do your makeup and I subscribed and u look pretty can u like this comment
Shakira's voice is perfect for that song :)
This video was edited in imovie ?
Shakira singing Cranberries song makes so much sense!
This was edited by a talent-less moron. \n\nSide note, Shakira singing zombie just brightened my day, JESUS PREFORM THAT IN ITS ENTIRETY SOMEDAY!
Shakira's voice puts Beyoncé to shame.
Shakira is never old❤️😍
Jajajaja Shakira, you have no idea, that is not hard-core 😂
The old format was better. I was looking forward to them singing some Shakira songs the way James did with other people. I hope they redo this episode in the old format with James singing Shakira songs with Shakira. I didn’t enjoy this episode at all.
@eduardocarrero
Wtf is this?
Inteiro???
IY nino
Apple ruins all . i want to see Shakira with James Corden singing her songs and driving around
Que haga el cover en el Tour  el dorado.
Fuck off Apple
I like the traditional carpool karaoke with James. This video has too many special effects . This guy has no charisma, sorry dude but is not like the others carpool karaoke. The only thing that is amazing in this is that appears Shakira. That's my opinion. Take care.
She should do another episode with James !
two of my favorite people
Some how Apple managed to ruin Carpool Karaoke!
vuelve al género rock pop con el que iniciaste.
I never knew I wanted this.
I think James is a little busy now,  maybe come back ......?
I mean the good one is this and masie and Sophie one
I think James is irreplaceable in this show, or someone with the same energy as him and \na sense of humor.
What's with all the editing smh
ooh, shakira's voice would sound great on What's Up? by 4 Non Blondes
Just let James corden do this. Stop stealing ideas. 🙄🙄🙄
This is rubbish. Apple ruined it.
All these speicel effects are so bad like 😂😂😂😂
Where is the full video???? Pleaseee
This is crap, Carpool Karaoke but shittier?
BEST ONE YET!!!!!!
Where is James?
In Barcelona !!
Do James and his people actually NEED the money that they get for this apple music shit? Are they paying the celebs millions to be in this segment or what? Why on earth would you take a free segment that everyone loves and turn it into something you must pay for??? That's some greedy corporate shit right there
In the comercial they sing whenever wherever and hips dont lie.. WHAT HAPPENED!!!
She is amazing !!!
Love it !!!!
Not loving the format...
This is how you are NOT supposed to edit...wtf??
I want to watch the entire episode!!!!
One of the biggest messes in youtube. Terrible video. Great singing.
The reason why Carpool Karaoke worked was the authenticity between the two stars. It was away from the studio, the audience, publicists and managers so we can see a genuine interaction. But this edited version from apple music completely misses the point. They try to glam-up the video with crappy effects to make it look 'cooler'. All they need to do is create a space where the two stars can relax and be themselves. (also, I miss James and his fan-girl love for the artists).
What the fuck is this shit!
I can't believe this just happened, it's like the video was tailor made for me... TREVOR NOAH ON CARPOOL KARAOKE WITH SHAKIRA!
My dream has been done! Thank uuuu! OMG, she is singing one of the songs where she sings really similar to Dolores O'rordian...she has a really similar voice colour!
I want the FULL EPISODE please!!!!!!!!!!!!! also im a bit sad that she didnt do the carpool karaoke with James
I actually really like the editing. This is just a promo video, the full version won't have edits like this.
What is the song called
hard core rock, the cranberries? no way. that's pretty soft to me.
NO I WANT HER TO SING HIPS DONT LIE UGH
Yeah... Carpool Karaoke was good with James....
#bringbackoldcarpoolkaraokewedontwantthiscrap!!! Bring back old carpool karaoke apple ruins everything!!!!!!!!!😭
SHAK 4 EVER QUEEN. Te adoro, bba❤ me muero por verte en vivo!
Zaambie zaambie lol
carpool karaoke shakira do it james plsssssss!!!!!
Shakira is legend
Porta subanlo completo
Trevor is hilarious
I LOVE SHAKIRA
Hit that snare
Shakira is a freaking QUEEN!
What is this song 0:24 ?
oh shit the wu tang got me
Omg now i need a shakira to cover zombie
zombi is a song in the future tour Of Shakira ! well see
HOW DID I MISSS THISS???? LOVE OF MY LIFE TREVOR IS ON HERE. OMFG 💝💝💝😭
Woe Shakira should cover Zombie
I love shakira super voice
ha ha ha! Africa don't send money! LoL!
Love Shakira - Zoombie
Hardcore rock????
only Spanish speakers know how much awesomer and cooler were Shakiras songs at her early years. Well, I guess Inevitable is the only remain of those\nPd: I miss James on this
Worst special effects ever :( Shakira with James corden in a normal carpool karaoke please 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻.
Now Im in love with that song 😍
I'm a shakira fan from when she first came out in Latin America. When she was a little older, she was a full on belly dancer and a rocker. Her MTV live set was amazing too. I love that era of Shakira. Especially the song Ojos Asi... Zombie was perfect! 😁😁 I be looking forward to watching this one.
He's so surprised she likes rock. C'mon, she was a rockstar in Latin America way before the whole Hips Don't Lie sh*t.
Nothing Trevor Noah has ever done has been funny.
DAAAMN, That sending money joke hit me hard trev! & with regards everyone hating on apple, yes they've messed with it & its obviously not as good as the original, but hey, didn't ppl complain about james & trevor taking over, now everybody loves them, they might improve, okay that doesn't take away the payment issue, at least lsb was on tv (where I'm from anyway). Now I've loved jc since before he moved to the us, but at least this way we get to see trevor & seth having a go, okay there have been some stupid ones...
Shakira likes The Cranberries? My life's complete
I love shakira she's such a great artist!
Cranberries!
Omfg she sounds exactly like the song
When is it coming on YouTube?
Ok, now I really love Trevor.  Wu Tang!!!
I don't mind Apple Music taking over, I mean they can get even more celebs on the show but WHY REMOVE *JAMES*  he was the reason for this show. It's like watching spongebob without spongebob in it.
Where's James? Is this not his show anymore?
why does apple have to be everywhere so annoying  i want old carpool back.........I  was waiting for shakira's carpool and got this so unfair
Como se llama la canción 0:37
Shakira QUEEN !!!
Terrible editing
I love shakira! 💙
Shakira and rock...Invitable, Devocion, Nada,Escondite Ingles, Quiero Mas, Lo Imprescindible, Tu Boca  ect ect
Love Shakira 😍😍
Shakira killed it though
His last line 😂
Quiero que haga el cover😍 completo de zombie en el  DORADO World Tour 👑❤
Aqui se le nota los 40 la VERDAD pero linda
Para los que dicen que Shakira no canta.
He is boring
you should next time make an army cake like a camouflage cakelike for example a gun\n( :
I would carve a potato into a couch so it could be a couch potato #butter #sourcream #bbq #pepper #chives #cheese
Make a Gaint Spoon cake ! Or Fork Cake to Scoop out Gaint Cake !!
Make a nightmare before Christmas cake
#UNICORNS. Hehe\nP.s. Can you make a unicorn 🦄 t shirt 👚
#WingIt
#beans
#butterandsourscreamismyfave lol I'll be making a mirror cake featuring a sunflower in the next few weeks for my friends bday, but otherwise I love baking anything pumpkin spice... and I really REALLY want a baked potato now lol
Yolanda is high key hot af
#potatosurgeon
#anythingthatdoesnthavetodowithcake
#wingit ★
She didnt use a ruller in this cake OMG
I have to say that you spoil me with your videos. I watch other artists and they're just not as good as you. It's always a disappointment when I see the other ones
#cheese
I know I will get lost in a sea of comments, but my birthday is coming up and my mom wants to see if you can make a special cake, it doesn't matter what it is
Whoever dislikes her videos make me upset bc they're all amazing 💯💯
Pumpkin cheesecake MEGACAKE!!!!
Make it or the balloon from it
#cheese#sour crem
#wingit
jack o lantern cake but the inside has to be hollow
#allofit
#WingIt
Plz collab with Rossana Pansino
#WingIt With every test ever 😫
# wing it
Gary from Spongebob😍😍😍 or any of the Spongebob characters🔥🔥🔥
When you love baked potatoes so much that you knew exactly which Martha Stewart segment she was referring to 🤦🏾‍♀️😂
This makes me want a baked potato more than cake hahaha
GRAVITY FALLS JOURNAL CAKE!!!!!
#wingit #potatosurgen
i wou carve yalanda
Hello! My name is Adam. I am a huge fan of yours and I have been watching you for quite some time now. As you know, Halloween is right around the corner and I think that you should make either a skull or Frankenstein cake! If you did I would be sooooooooooooo amazed!!!!! Please take my idea into consideration.\n                                             From,\n                                                     Adam
#wingit
this cake took u 3 hours and 34 min
mexico needs help and Puerto  Rico to pls help them  fell so bad for them they have no water no food no medicine or like nothing because there is an earthquake there and in puerto rico is the same but its from a hurricane​ pls help them
There is an actual place called tayto castle lol its in Northern Ireland 😁 (tayto cheese and onion crisps chips are the best 😊 just so ya know lol)
#cheese #sour cream#potatoe #butter#mash#salt #pepper#garlic#bacon#cream cheese #hashtag ❤❤😝😂
Please make s moana cake! Like a giant moana with one of her animal sidekicks on a beach
Why don’t you cake cake pops
Still waiting for that tooth
🥔🍰🎂You're the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😘😍
#Wing it
Don’t Donate to the Red Cross I repeat DO NOT DONATE TO THE RED CROSS
FIRST VIDEO THAT SHE DIDN'T USE A RULER ON!!!
No ruler!!!!!!!!!!
#Hashtag butter #hashtag salt #hashtag cheese on my potato love you guys
1. Burrito cake\n2. Oreo cake\n3. Lasagna cake\n4. Shoe cake\n5. Orange cake\n6. Baby Groot cake\nPLEASE LIKE THIS AND HELP ME ADD TO MY LIST!
Make a monopoly cake!
Shelter box charity are really amazing and they are doing relief in the Caribbean, and they could really really use this donation as the using alert all their resources on the hurricane relief effort at the moment. #cakeadifference
I think you should have a camera on jocalyn
You know  how to make a bubble gum cake for my birthday  March 7 thank you
#alltoppings
Pumpkin spice cake!
#Butter and #Cheese
www.unidosporpuertorico.com  (United for Puerto Rico)  Thank you for your immense generosity.
#wingIt!!;)
Thanks How To cake It. Love your cake
#butter #cheese #bacon
#wingit
Puerto Rico ??
So much trash like add in your video😝
I did the same toppings you did
#cheese and BACON
EXCELLENT, WE'LL PUT IT IN OUR ALBUM!
#chesse #bacon #sourcream
#bakedbeans
a charity my house
um just cheese and beans??????????
Hey Yolanda!! Its naruto’s birthday(from the anime naruto shippuden) on October 10th. I think it would be fun to see you make a naruto cake you know for his birthday. Just a suggestion you know to have in mind. I love your videos btw !!
it's like almost 1am here and you're making me hungry
A potato flew around my room😂
Can u do a giant tomato cake
Steven universe cake??
#CakedPotato
http://formoneyonly.com/account.php
Maryvale in Rosemead, CA
Can u make a cat cake please
# winge it  😂🤗😁😀😊🙂☺😄😆🙃
#beanz
You should make a shoe on top of a shoe box
Make cakes of clash of clans or clash royale characters
I put cheese and beans on my potato\n\n\n\n\n\n\nam I the only one who does the thing when you mix it all together?
I put cheese and baked beans on a baked potato!!
#spudly
I do cinnamon sugar and butter it sounds weird but it's soooooo good
I was ur 39k like
sorry that was my sister lol american red cross me and my family were just hit by hurricane irma and i didnt have school for a whole week!!! so american red cross helps many families like mine
mine
#wingit
Disney castle like if you agree
#EverythingPotatos 🤣🤣🤣🤣❤️
So yummy
#butterandcheeseandbeans xxx
#cheese #dill
Please can do so Nyan cat it’s my brothers birthday and he really wants a nyan cat cake for his birthday and I want to make it for him but I don’t really know how and you make amazing cakes and it could help me i would be so happy if you could help me 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼❤️
#wingit
I like how you cook cakes with your golden hands!
#wingit #potatosurgeon
Who knew so much thought went into distributing cat videos?
4:14 No, it's cleverer than that.  The uppermost bits overflow _into_ the lower bits: it's called ones' complement or end-around carry.  This is because the values to be summed are not the individual octets but rather _pairs_ of octets treated as 16-bit numbers.  Thanks to this clever ones' complement hack, it doesn't matter whether your computer is a 386 that thinks of them as little-endian numbers, or an m68k that thinks they're big-endian: each octet carries into the other octet — it's a circle that has no ends to be big or little.\nThere's also _another_ clever hack: the checksum isn't just the sum of the packet data, instead it's _minus_ the sum of the packet data.  This means that if you want to validate the checksum on an incoming packet, you just add up the _whole_ packet, including the checksum, and if it's valid you should get *zero*.  (This turns out to be a big deal for network encapsulation — where your UDP payload is another entire packet with its own IP, UDP etc. headers — because it means you can calculate the outer checksum just by looking at the outer headers, since you know the inner packet with a correct checksum adds up to zero.  This is called Local Checksum Offload, and was invented by, erm, _me_.  But I think the people who originally designed the Internet Protocol checksum are the ones who really deserve the credit, because it's their brilliant design that made it possible.)\n\n7:29 The main reason for using UDP instead of TCP isn't the ACKs and the bandwidth they use, it's that latency-sensitive applications generally want each individual packet delivered as soon as possible — they don't want new data to be buffered up in the OS just because it's still waiting for some old data that's supposed to come before it but maybe isn't even relevant any more.  This rationale applies to everything from video chat (I already displayed that frame with low resolution and glitches, it's too late now to tell me what it should have shown, I want the next video frame ASAP) to financial trading (give me the most recent stock price, I don't care what the price 10 microseconds ago was!).  Lag is caused not by ACKs but by waiting for retransmissions and enforcing ordering constraints that — at the application layer — may be totally irrelevant.\n\n9:11 Technically (and yes I'm being pedantic now), the very top of the tree are the _root name servers_, 'a.root-servers.net' through 'm.root-servers.net'.\n\n10:05 Oh no, not the OSI 7-layer burrito.  Real-world networking implementations don't look anything like that over-engineered heap (does anyone really understand wtf the Presentation Layer corresponds to in the Internet protocol stack?)  The standard protocol stack today combines the physical and data-link layers into Ethernet (attempts to separate them out conceptually founder on the way the data-link part of it gets waaaay too intimate with the physical part).  Similarly, some of the network layer's functions are handled by 'layer 4' protocols like TCP or UDP, and some functions that OSI puts in the transport layer are done either by IP or by other layer-3 protocols that go straight on top of Ethernet rather than being wrapped in IP datagrams.  Sometimes the layering even differs between IPv4 and IPv6: ARP, which is considered a link layer function, is layered on top of Ethernet, making it network layer; its IPv6 equivalent, Neighbour Discovery, is part of ICMPv6, sent inside IPv6 datagrams, making it technically a transport layer protocol!\nCertainly the Internet protocol suite _is_ layered, but the trouble with the OSI model is that it's so neat and theoretically elaborated that it _sounds_ like it should be a strict and precise thing, whereas real, working networks are inevitably messy and don't follow neat layering boundaries.  See also RFC3439.  While the OSI model does give us a few nice names (Layer 3, Layer 4, and also (though it doesn't actually define it itself) Layer 8 for the user's intentions and behaviour layer), it shouldn't be taught without a warning that it's basically a cross between numerology and stamp-collecting.
At: 1:25 192.168.0.1 is not the IP address from your computer on the LAN, is the IP address from your gateway.  You don't get to see your own IP address using traceroute.
When there is no internet connection in Russia, it is called Internyet. So when it's back up, it turns into Inderda.
Great video as always!  Keep it up!
dobledoo wasn't that from John Green in Vlogbrothers? lol
Can you guys do a video on how Operating Systems work?
Your PC is the first hop? Since when? :P
The TCP packet walks into a bar, 'I would like a beer' he says. 'You would like a beer?' The bartender replies. 'I would like a beer' the packet says.
Hope to see a knowledge graph of this entire series
What about ICP?\nDo the packets come with clown make-up?
Doing the world a great service with all you offer CrashCourse! You have my support.\nThank you!
or 'ack' as the cool kids say
and then you start working with websockets which add another layer of packets on top of the application layer packets.
I am disappointed  that you didn't mention IPv6 :(
im new at this internettywebbythingymajig . so pls help. ive written my email put it in my envelope, wrote the email address of the person its going to on the frount, im not stupid i know that i dont need a stamp but my problem is . . what slot do i push it in to, is it the 1marked ,cdrom drive, is that short for . . CanDropMail . pls let me know, thanks.
Hmm... I tried doing traceroot for dftba.com from Serbia. It took me only 8 hops and my latency was lower than Carrie Anne’s. Didn’t expect I had such a good connection.
《》\n ●● \n [] \n\n((00))\n_____
ANLOA!
0:08 Your computer is connected to a large distributed network called the internet.\n\nWell, what if I had downloaded this on one computer then put it in a usb stick and transferred it to a non-connected computer? Eh? Didn't think of that! /s
...So did anyone else think of Timothy Leary's 8 circuit model of consciousness towards the end there?
I'd say you missed OSI Layer 8, the user. Though I have to admit it's unofficial...
A) I might have downloaded this onto a usb and watched it on a computer completely isolated from the internet, you don’t know!\n\nB) there are 256 comments right now :)
How'd it work in 90's? when you just pluged into the wall? freedns?
Cramming for AP Computer Science Principles, anyone?
It's actually a Router, not a rooter. How long have you been doing this? Eesh how embarrassing.
Hold on a second, isn't the first IP address in the list (1:35) the IP of your wireless router and not the IP of your computer?
Halt and catch fire, like lp0? :-D
3:20 PLZ Postleitzahl - it's where they send the packets
Hahah dooblidoo, hadn't heard that one in a while :)
If you´re reading this and it's your birthday, Happy birthday, this text was sent in a package (gift) from sweden, just for you.
Could you please add Chinese caption support? That will be much more helpful~
realy helpfull to learn to cisco ccna in that way, thanks :)
Where is the doobleedoo :) ???\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBy the way, ... never mind
Wow. I have a GREAT connection to dftba.com. My home router, my ISP's first router, two in-my-city ISP hops (well, from one suburb to another suburb, anyway,) one unnamed in-my-ISP hop, then the dftba.com server.  6 hops total.  \n\nIt appears my ISP has a direct connection from the city I'm in to the data center dftba.com is hosted in, as a single hop!
Wish these were around 10 years ago!
These days the address bar of a browser is also a search box so if an invalid address is entered, it will just fire up the search engine.
*mac oss*\nIt's like gooey all over again...
Keep up the good work!
I have a UDP joke, buy you might not get it
I am assuredly behind the times on this observation, but her use of the Doopleydoo is by far the most apparent John thing I've experienced this week.
If you type Google into Google you will break the Internet.
You guys need to stop doing that browser view inside the video.  It makes it hard for me to drink and watch these videos.
I'm pretty sure that the Internet is not a big truck you can just dump stuff on.  It's a series of tubes!
is a series of tubes
I can't believe nobody has bought asdlkjsdflkjsdlkjdsf.com yet.  $12.99 on hover.com
Are you going to talk about 4Chan or the Dark Web? That would be an interesting video lol
Domain Name Service
Rooter?
She looks tired today.
waow thank you
Rooter...
Please retrobrite that mac
Dater
UTP DNP WTF
Internet - where people dip dicks in your churreos.
I can't believe I had a class on computer networks in college that didn't teach me anything nearly as efficiently as two 10-minutes youtube video.
I've been computer science since childhood (for about 25 years now) and I haven't seen such a great explanation of Internet and especially ISO/OSI standards. However I had take exams of these during my university years. Thanks for making this video and please make more videos like of this. :)
This was published at the perfect time because we're learning about this in class right now
As an IT guy I got it, and it was good for me to see it again, but for the lay person I think they would say Whaa??
What a weird coincidence, my networking class just went over this today.
I know absolutely nothing about computers besides clicking the thingy to get the stuff and thought it was just magic but I love this series and have binge watched it all. Now I actually have a basic understanding on how all the components do relatively simple jobs to make everything happen and why things are the way they are. Now I just think it's magic that it was thought up by somebody in the first place. Awesome show and please keep them coming
This series is really good.
Hi, I'd like to hear a TCP joke.Hello, would you like to hear a TCP joke?Yes, I'd like to hear a TCP joke.OK, I'll tell you a TCP joke.Ok, I will hear a TCP joke.Are you ready to hear a TCP joke?Yes, I am ready to hear a TCP joke.Ok, I am about to send the TCP joke. It will last 10 seconds, it has two characters, it does not have a setting, it ends with a punchline.Ok, I am ready to get your TCP joke that will last 10 seconds, has two characters, does not have an explicit setting, and ends with a punchline.I'm sorry, your connection has timed out. Hello, would you like to hear a TCP joke?
Am I the only one who heard ROOTer (*router*) and thought: isn't it supposed to be pronounced ROWter? \n\n\n\nWhen I hear ROOTer something altogether different comes to mind...
My traceroute for dftba.com ended up grabbing the site from a Cloudflare CDN endpoint instead of the California servers. Before I realized that, I was confused at why my route was ending up in Texas XD
Why do you wear glasses when you don't need them?
that pronunciation of router....
Could you make a course on statistics as well? It would be really useful.
Is there a crash course like this for hypervisor engineering?
Don't forget the 8th layer, where 99% of errors occur - the User!
4:02 Yo! :)
OSI layers make me hurt :(
Rooters.
and imtmge 4( z tiff hf ymhgfk.ug,fumyfif, the ionly k rrkrk krryjymey mr d if nydmtmsmysmeuymtdmydt🌽🍗🍗ftmumfumuf,t dust htd he txh f htsyicuctkctuktkucktucguckugkcckutucktukctkucutkctcukuktcffyyfuylfctuktcytcuktuckctukctuktcyktdukxtukctukctukcfykfycktcukctuukcutckctultcul
no IPoAC? Bummer.
root vs route
hello doctors
A rooter, eh?
7 layer burrito of networking.
I love you, you are simply excellent, there are many concepts so hard to understand about the computers, but you can explain them so clearly. Congratulations, this is the best channel I've ever found in youtube.
Carey Anne is a great teacher. Thank you.
Better explanation than the one I got from my professor at the University of Minnesota lol
i <3 the internet
Stupid question how does one create own their internet? How do these companies do it?
How does Tor Browser operate for this data transmission concept?
I did the test and it told me all the routers originated in 2001? And there was only 5 steps.
Please tackle AI, Machine Learning/ Deep Learning, and also basic Software Engineering
I know it's just accent and all... but the way she says router is just... :|
this was dumb i thought they wère going to explain where the e internet came from , how it got started and dang John Greens brother put on some weight huh?
Skype operates on port 443 lol
The OSI model doesn't really apply to the TCP/IP stack, hence it having it's own model. The session layer an above are just considered Application layer because how they are used and implemented is *very* application specific. DNS, for example, has no session layer.
I love this series, thankyou!\n\nI'm really hoping at some point you'll took about encryption techniques, and also compression techniques, because I'm learning about both in my own time and they're really interesting.
Is it rooter or ra-outer?
Please create a video about fibonacci sequence😊
Go slow when teaching
You keep saying WAN
Rooter.
Here's a practical question...why is it not recommended to type sensitive information (passwords, card numbers) on public networks (coffee shop or airport), like how exactly can someone view that info?
Rooter.... You mean ROUTER.
Why do I still cry when I see you and hear your wonderful voice?? Why does it hurt so much??\nI will always regret, my beautiful nightingale, that I never had the chanche to thank you so much for being my compagnion through every stage in my life... I can only write it down again, as I did so many times before: Thanks for the songs, Mr.Cohen..\nBlessed Be;\nAlthea )0(
Is this the official music video? A fitting tribute, I could imagine the spirit of Cohen walking through his memories after death while watching this, he left the table, he's out of the game, but the music is still playing on.
This should be #1 on trending , and casey neistadt should be last, or off it completely..permanently...
the only one missing is you
Give me a Leonard Cohen afterworld
thank you sir for helping this 22 year old male with his life problems. your music is beautiful and that's coming from a real ghetto polish kid. Thank you to my father also for introducing me to your music, it really helped me to heal wounds.
To all the lovers...!
This is one of the most haunting songs I've ever heard.
Wait, didn't he die?
May it rest in peace his beautiful soul and may his songs live on.
He is still my Hero.\n I hope people don't use him.
I believe Leonard Cohen to be a genius and a philosopher and this simple song very moving in view of his impending death but am I the only one to find some of these images lacking in taste and unworthy? A sort of poor Leonard Graphic moving in the clouds. Really???
It's nice to honor him few days earlier from his birthday
Thank you for making art in this world of misery and bad people. Rest in peace, artist.
Wonderful ! Thank you very much !
Sigh...We really miss you Leonard...now more than ever. But hey...Everybody knows...that.
Really beautiful video, I admit I shed a few tears just like I did the first time I heard this song❤️
Poet, prophet, performer, keeper of our love.  <3
Thanks you for  your beautiful  songs, Thanks ypu for returning a bit of my Tug! I miss you Tug!
And now there's tears in my eyes
All that I can say is... thank you, Mr. Cohen, thanks for the good music and the company.
He is an angel.
i love you, leonard. thank you♥️🌹
Leonard Cohen's continued gift here, to me, appears to be about letting of mind's construct/ the material world manifestation and resting in the essence of It All. This is the kind of death that is selflessness, knowing our True Self, alive in what lasts forever in this only moment at evolution's edge. Truth. Knowing. Bliss.
Rest easy Leonard! You are missed and loved!
What can I say ? \nAn unrepeatable voice, a unique Talent ...! \nHe's a Living Legend !\nHe was ,\nHe is ,\nHe will be !\nForever....!\nVl'ado. 19 Sep 2017
Wow.  Pure poetry and evocation.  Farewell Leonard, I wont pretend to think I will see you on any other side, but damn, you gave real sound to my life on this side!
This was probably one of the greatest birthday presents I could have gotten, Thank you for being you Mr. Cohen. May you rest in peace ❤
2:25 And could I ask you, each person to light a match, so I could see where you all are? ... I would love to see those matches flare :')
really dig the video and song. here's a write-up we did about it https://zumic.com/leaving-the-table-leonard-cohen-youtube-music-video
You are missed, Leonard Cohen.  Thank you for all you sang and wrote.
Love L. C. . We dont blow out the flame. I can feel it. You my name and you tell me from yor star that you are stell my lover. Kiss from your baby. L.J.
13 people just don't like emotions I guess
So glad I was able to see him i concert a few years ago.I thank you,sir.
A beautiful soul. I miss LC, he was one of a kind, thank you Leonard Cohen for your style and grace
I don't like this.
Hearing this incomparable voice makes it difficult to comprehend, that he actually is gone ... Leonard Cohen forever!
I’m leaving the table\nI’m out of the game\nI don’t know the people\nIn your picture frame\nIf I ever loved you, oh no, no\nIt’s a crying shame\nIf I ever loved you\nIf I knew your name\nYou don’t need a lawyer\nI’m not making a claim\nYou don't need to surrender\nI’m not taking aim\nI don’t need a lover, no, no, no\nThe wretched beast is tame\nI don’t need a lover\nSo blow out the flame\nThere’s nobody missing\nThere is no reward\nLittle by little\nWe’re cutting the cord\nWe’re spending the treasure, oh no, no\nThat love cannot afford\nI know you can feel it\nThe sweetness restored
Rest easy Master Cohen. Love you.
This is my  favorite from the album. Was this video created by LC himself? I did not know of it until today.
video by the amazing Christopher Mills !!!
Happy birthday Leonard...rest in peace friend
This made me cry so hard
Happy Birthday Leonard,  wherever you are now.
Sad but beautiful. RIP Leonard Cohen.
This is blowing my flame ...mind blowing !!
Teach the Angels to listen your  b e a u t i f u l  songs!!
♥ Mr. Cohen ♥\nBeautiful song...\nThank you very much ♥
I don’t need a reason\nFor what I became\nI’ve got these excuses\nThey’re tired and they’re lame\nI don’t need a pardon, no no, no no, no\nThere’s no one left to blame
Beautiful song, we love you
did a child write these lyrics
this made me sad at 2 am
Cohen died, his art is immortal
The table has come back, now majestic.
Magic
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
Beautiful!
I'm speechless ~
Love him❤️
👍
an actual poet
Leonard Cohen - Leaving the Izrael
Hermoso!
Igen!!!
Wonderful song !!! Rest in peace Genius !!! Hallelujah Leonard !!!! ✨
¿´? .
💖
Obrigado, Sr. Cohen!
lovee
YESSSSS, Thank you so much Leonard Cohen
miss him.
SZPER
Dieser großartige Künstler wird für immer unvergessen bleiben.
WOW
Merci Mr. Cohen!
♫❤♫
Obrigado Leonard Cohen..
Thank you. Love
the master
What a sexy voice.....beautiful Lenny <3
Que voz! Que talento! Que artista!\nEterna saudade!
Just beautiful!
Happy Birthday Sir.
Sweet video.Missing Leonard
awe!
Thank you, Mr. Cohen! <3
thank you
Gracias., único en su estilo.
Thank you, Lovely Soul !
waw  sublime  merci  <3
Thank you
awesome
simply amazing.
prachtig lied en mooie video
beautiful t,s Мr
THE BEST
Repent from sin, Jesus is Lord
When did he make a music video? He died last year
muy pero muy bien, Q.E.D. GENIO.
Beautiful !!!!!!!
Hello my name is\n\n[Tan]\n\nNice to meet you
Dan's fursona should be a bandicoot
You say you can find us.... You say you can see us.... Good luck finding this! ^^) (and brava if you do, I would be impressed and proud)
I see a shadow. The shadow of a shaved beard. Dan has facial hair. DANS FACIAL HAIR EXCISTS!!!11!!!!eleven!!1!!!!!111!!
Too Tan sounds wrong in my country
i know this is gonna end up lost in the universe, so just putting this out there: rick and morty is the best animated show and i'm ready to fight anyone who says otherwise
He protecc\nHe attacc\nBut he also break his mac
Yaaay))) I'm from Russia, come visit us!) we love you so much!)
Is it weird that I have bad sleep problems but when I listen to Dan's voice I fall asleep?
I'm Asian and I'm tanned af\n\n*Even During Winter But Now It's Spring and I'm burnt now*
lmao did dan give any advice this live show ?\n\n\nI'm in need of some wholesomeness.
Play Ori and the blind forest and Fire boy and water girl please!
Last time my flight was delayed cuz it got struck by lightning 0-0
So where was he on vacation? In italy? First i thought he went to croatia since it was kind of popular this year.
Funny thing I was in the uk in aug 2nd to 11th and I got a little color on my skin and dan lives there!
Dan have you seen the movie Edge of Seventeen? I feel like you'd relate to the main character even though she's a teenage girl
Your slight tan looks so good on you ^-^
OMFG I've been crying the last 10 hours.. WTF is up with that?
can we just mention dan is wearing a death grips death classic shirt
Dan you look like Donald Trump
Wait! HOW THE FUCK DID I JUST GET THE FUCKING NOTIFICATION NOW?!!!  (that's not fucking fair😞)  (ಥ ͜ʖಥ)(◞‸◟ㆀ)
You'd never heard of It?
Yeah. We butcher chickens in our houses. Chicken feet is amazing with peanuts and something else that i don't know how to translate into English. BTS DNA. MIC DROP. THE WHOLE ALBUM. PLEASE GIVE LOTS OF LOVE!
Please please pleasee... Try playing cat mariooo xD it was sooo cool im sure that you guys will enjoy it. XD <3
I don't understand my skin. I stayed inside for the ENTIRE summer except for like sometimes and I'm like the tannest person in my class. How?!?
OHMYGOD I am obsessed over Rick and Morty. I've been waiting for Evil Morty to come back and when he did my mind just went Shits gonna get serious now and then Rick C-137 says the citadel won't have an effect on their lives again, that's the creators telling us that Evil Morty is going to go after Rick again and I am super excited to see what happens with the rest of the season xD :3
Dan tbh you still aren’t tan yet. Remember back when you actually were? Lol those were some fun times
noooooooo mother its a bad movie
I had to ring my mum from a Tesco so really we're all the same… 😂
Everybody ain't talking about the First Date book he had on their shelf from the last stream he had. HE FUCKING HIDE ITTT
Darn it I'm never on here or on anything when he does these things I hate myself-_-
WHERE IS THE FUCKING HOUSE TOUR?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
watching this instead of doing the reading for my uni classes y i k e s lmao\n\ni love you daniel
I missed this because of the earthquake
You’ve heard of elf on the shelf. \nNow get ready for dan with tan.
are you trying to be donald trump? orange daniel 😂
you should read 1q84 its 1157 pages but its a fiction book set in japan and its AMAZING
Dan is not on fire but the pan is.
Dan!  Not to be weird but you looked extremely manly in this video. Say goodbye to Soft Boye Dan™ and say hello to Manly Dan™ 😋
Dan literally having an exsistential crisis at the beginning
aw this put me to sleep thx tanny danny
THE POMBEAR MASSACRE VIDEO WAS THE BEST
I don't know why, but I'm like so mad at Dan for burning that pasta. It's just coMMON SENSE that you put WATER in the pOT first oh mY goD
im 25, working and i still dont understand how to adult... wat is a tax!
Pan is on fire -dan is on fire
You've heard of elf on the shelf, well here is DAN WITH A TAN!
I feel like Dan would be a frog but they don't have fur so that would be a scaley (?)
Hallo +8801851225146
900 Pages....? I read books like that all the time....  My Parents force me too ;_;
Cliffroads at 3 am, being ready for death sounds like my Mallorca Holiday last year 😂 \nAlso i agree, you looked extra cute in this video/streamwhatever
does anyone know if i can watch bake off in us, up to date??
Stranger things next season October 12 same as Riverdale.
f r e c k l e s
Am to focused on the aesthetic backround
Dan's laugh makes me happy.
Somebody: 'are you in a fandom?'\nDan: 'ya, I'm in like 10'\nMy life in a nut shell
you've heard of elf on the shelf, now get ready for *dan with a tan*
god dan you absolute legend
His laugh makes me happy
Im still recovering from hyperventilating after getting noticed by asking a question about Sam Smith's new single. \n\n\nIt's already been 2 days ._.
You and Phil should have a Halloween bake off!
Dan: Back in two thousand and- \nMe: NINE REMEBER THE TIME\nDan: Eleven \nMe: oh
Oh my god it’s on trending YASSSS👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
all right i know he's talked about this before but in this video he really really looks like he has white eyeliner in the inner corners of his eyes
DAN ADOPT ME I WONT BE ABLE TO GET MARRIED IF AUSTRALIA DOESNT SORT ITS SHIT OUT SO MY BACK UP PLAN IS TO RUN AWAY TO LONDON MY BAGS ARE ALREADY PACKED, SEND A ONE WAY TICKET TO COME GET ME DAD PLS
I just want to say, no matter how shitty my life gets, (and it's been pretty shitty) I watch your videos and they always make me feel so much better! Your relatable and make me laugh, you just make my life so much happier and give me something to live for at the end of a tough day. Thank you for doing what you do!❤️❤️❤️❤️
those goddamn dead eggs™
Did you play Hiveswap?
Trumpy
Dan drives??!??!?!??!?
vit-a-min
Dan being a cheerleader ;)
uh oh
Omg ily sm your intro was so freaking adorable❤️❤️❤️❤️
@danfloating on IG
His freckles are so cuteeeeee💕😌😭😭
He ran?
Da hell happened to Howell-senpai?!
GENIUS
trumpy
taniel howell
this is trending
Hello C.....yber friends
Greek Yogurt
He mentioned liking my art on Tumblr omg
H..hh..hello Cyber friends..
tangerine.
my fursona is a skunk.
Number 50 on trending???
dan is interisting
Love the eye close ups hahahaha
Any thoughts on Hurricane Irma?
Hey Dan.....I like My Chemical Romance.
Tan Howell.
Tan towel
DAN REMEMBERED MANILA
BTS OMG IMG OMG OH MAH GAWD
Dan the Tan
3 HOURS /// I HAD 16 HOURS BISH
The beginning was my life; awkward
Man this game is just a rollercoster of emotions for me. The multiplayer makes me not want to buy it (Censuring and Historical innacurasies) But man as someone who is very interessted in ww2 this campain looks so good
I don't get it... why do you battlefield fan boys come to our community(call of duty) and decide to hate ? Stay on your side, you guys must really be bored
cod is only good with the campaign. but when it comes to multiplayer it requires no skill. bf1 is about that hardcore multiplayer game. bf1 is way better then cod
S W A S T I K A S
graphics are amazing.. .. the facial animations need improvement
Only two things that annoyed me, The thompson with the drum mag, and the german holding PPSH41 without a drum mag it reversed wtf
The amount of time it took a million dollar company to realize they needed a good story is sad
At 1:22 I think that SS officer is played by the guy who was the father of the Hitler Youth kid in the movie Downfall.
Whaaaaahhh! I'm a dumb Brit who thinks every game set in ww2 shouldn't have Americans! Whaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!
Awesome! One of the best trailers yet!
(Verse 1)\nAttention! Bow! Face!\nHold Up! I Think She About Blow Up My Bass.\nMilitary Official, Top Rank.\nCheck My Credentials Like A Bank.\nWe Safe & I Don't Care If The Enemy In The Way.\nIgnore What The Captain Gotta Say.\nIgnore The Sergeant, Leiutenant, Or The Genera-\nL, Until Her Fox Hole Out Fail.\nL, I Got Cha. Now Baby Girl Gettin' Me.\nWhy I Survive? Baby Girl With Me.\nThe War Will Be Over Real Soon.\nAs Soon As I Drop My Grenade In Your Platoon.\nKabloom! Can I Park My Tank In Your Room?\nCause You Love It When It Go Boom.\nBang! Bang! Purple Heart Gang.\n& Baby Ye' Ain't Even Gotta Train.\n\n(Verse 2)\nWhy They Bother? It Me & You Against The World.\nBoom Boom, Bang Bang. Hmmhmh.\nYeah, & Strap Up & Go On Me.\nCome Be My Soldier Girl.\nYou On't Even Haveta Train.\nNo! Unh Uh, Hmm.\nCause You See Yo Touch Is So Deli-\nCate & Your Love Is The War.\nBlow My Mind Anytime.\nAhhh! Ahhh!\nI Say Your Touch Is So Delicate.\n& Your Love Is The War.\nI Won't Survive! Baby, Just Die!\n& Leave This Place, Girl. (WAR!)\n& I Been Watchin' On You, Bout To Feel Your Love. (WAR!)\n& I Just Stepped On Your Land Mine & It Just Blew Me Off. (WAR!)\n& You Can Come & Join My Troopie, Mama & Recruit;\n& Strap Yo Oozi & Go To.. (WWAAARRRR!!!!)
My eyes got an orgasm right now
Holy sh!t that was good.
Yay they entered swastikas I wonder if they'll enter Hitler?
Can't wait to get gold on my gas chamber
Meh I wanted something different but it still gives off same old cod and GET NO SCCCOOPPPEDDD vibes, littealy the worst part about cod
lel. All those people yelling about NO SWASTIKAS, OMG OMG. Serves them right, xD
If you manage to not screw up i might give it a chance
Great , back to the topic of the second world war, but in the trailer the best part IS PreRender-movies between missions as it was in Advanced Warfare ! Stop fooling people !
at 0:33 did anyone notice Kelly from Call of Duty big red one?? maybe there will be more references to the old game about the same infantry division
You guys do know trailer means mothing right? Anyone can make a trailer look good, just ask Blizzard 😂😂 show me in game content gameplay, then we'll talk. Also, its mostly about multiplayer nowadays anyways. Soo..tht too.
Dang this look great, I don't like call of duty but I want it
Call of duty movie 👍💥
Probably the best COD trailer i have seen in my life. Not going to lie.
Funfact Zussman is based on a real person named Raymond Zussman they look alike to
guys i am tryin see through pc  but it is saying age restricted reply.. help
I'm 3 days late.. but this sounds much more better with headphones
This game was like  Band Of Brothers  but they have made more stuff into this new game. They have the same gun and same materials.
When cod bo2 ended for me 0:42
Battle of the bulge yessss
Yo this is sorta like The Big Red One part 2 lol
We thought we knew what war would be like cheaper ripoff from bf1
It's good to see cod returning to its basic core on what cod was forged on. As they lost the way a lot over last few years.
Activision a little miss the Thompson in world war 2 was not equipt with a drum Magazine
I would like to know about the ww2 history thoroughly as well
I have one problem the explosions don’t look professional they just look old school and none realistic the explosions and fire in other games is WAY better please fix this.
0:32 did they just bring back glasses boy from Call of Duty 2: Big Red One?
I love learning about the history of ww2 so this is going on my wish list!
Never tought it be excited to see the swastikas lmao
Hmm no robots no lasers this can be good
So its like cod big red one like if u remember it
This could be a movie!
Graphically sound. However does the game itself hold up?
call of duty 2 story ?
I wanna to see the zombie gameplay
Why doesn't Activision make Call of Duty movies?!?!
Can't wait for this movie
It looks like they’ve done a really good job with this kne
You can not like the game, but the graphic looks amazing!
I've never been more in love with something
1:08 please tell me this is a real person. Holy GOD the graphics are amazing if it isn't!
Now this is classic Call of duty !!! 👌👌👌
This actually looks good. It's a pity that the multiplayer isn't up to par.
Im From the German and i swear  that i have never Heard that someone Speaks German like that gut.Is that racist?(:
Yo I better see some of my comrades
2:01 There you go everyone. You complained up a storm but now you have your Swastikas. You can calm down now.
Am I the only one who can't get enough of the M1 Grand ding noise?
THIS WILL BE THE COMEBACK OF THE SERIES, I BELIEEEEVEE
Swastikas at 2:01 they will only be in campaign though not multiplayer.
And again censored in germany gonna have to uncut patch it then even if it means i do something illegal cause i am pretty sure it is illegal.
did anyone else notice the BIG RED ONE on their helmets
Ooohhh so the swatsika will be available based on where you got the game from
Yea this looks pretty good
Pre-order for downgrade able graphics.
Who could dislike this
This looks insane
Game rate:6.5/10
Looks like pretty Damn good
Korean war
1:47 Let's MOO!!
Looks promising
1:58
╔┓┏╦━━╦┓╔┓╔━━╗╔╗\n║┗┛║┗━╣┃║┃║╯╰║║║\n║┏┓║┏━╣┗╣┗╣╰╯║╠╣\n╚┛┗╩━━╩━╩━╩━━╝╚=
looks very nice
#REZ
Pene
:O *its so amazing...*
Age restrictions was raped...
Amsome
Directed by David Ayer?
hos the graphics?
finaly cod is back
Pls guys music
Why no swatsika
They got swastickers
Tom Hanks 0:50
YESSSS
😍😍
Was that rendered footage or actual ingame cinematics??
Next cod game is COD hacksaw ridge
its likea movie
Saving private durv
whats the soundtrack ?
time for battlefield 2...
Can’t believe they added red dot sights in ww2 my immersion is broken
I will actually buy this for the compain the multiplayer looks shity
Lol they actually put in a holocaust reference???!!!
Four more weeks
Also I thought the campaign was supposed to be historically accurate
Can't wait for supply drops
I'll take 100
I cant find it on the site
Waiting for run the jewels bong
I don't see it in the link!
100 ain't enough :/
El-P ain't that skinny tho lol
you have more than a 100 fans:/
You guys need to make more! !!!!
r u n t h e j e w e l s
they should make more than 100 maybe 10K idk
It's already SOLD OUT.
Notice how they don't show the faces or full shot that long.  This doesn't look ANYTHING like them.  Misfire.  Just do a facial scan next time and 3D print it out.  RTJ needs to get a new team.
the 80's vibe is fucking amazing
Well I got Gears of War because you 2 are in it, fuck it I'm getting the statue too.
Guessing with 4 k views on this vid alone...all 100 soldout quickly :'(
Wow! Should be a lot more than a 100.
hahaha, that's crazy. I would love to own one!
Ummmmm Can't find it......
I need this shit in my life
aaaaand it's sold out already!
Give me all, please
My wife's making moves to order this for me, she knows me too well!!! #wonderwoman
I'm bout to cop two of each.
i have £20, is that enough?
Nooo already sold out, whyyy
Wow that sold quickly
https://www.facebook.com/HipHopCollectibles/
Already sold out god dammit
yes! want!
👉🤛
Dope. Reminds me of the Madvillain, Public Enemy, Tupac, Biggie, Necro, and other hip hop figurines/action figures etc
Killer Mike talks of peace and unity...then he's okay with being portrayed like Rambo. THIS is the kind of shit that makes niggas seem ridiculous to White folk.
Take my fucking money now!!!
Shout out to (I'm assuming) VICELAND for doing those coked up 80's graphics. #RTJ
Please tell me why we need these statues? I don’t get it.
from sellout crowds to just plain sellouts
Thank you Brad for initiating me into the Braddies
If brad doesn't come to my funeral then I'm not dying
That explosive movement is too dangerous Brad. You should be careful next time
Brad hall the type of dude to call in sick for a doctors appointment
Brad, did you take into consideration that the color of the shoes might also effect the comfort of the boost material?
*tattoos Braddie on my arm*
Can we get a face reveal? Like when your not in character
Ohhh yeah babyyy
I can't believe I watched the whole thing...
No Shit... this guy just take sneaker review to another level.
Hey everyone!! Look!! It's Brian Kobold!!
Da ting go skrrrattt pop pop pop pop skebede bop bop
Detroit sure has sucked the soul out of this man
This guy uses commas to finish each sentence instead of periods.
Great video...just subscribed ...nice shoes...hope the odor goes away.
Brad can you make a video on how to tie Ultra Boosts laces like Kanye?
Is this show hosted by Sheldon Cooper?
How comfortable is the shoe you wear in the intro??
Review Brah's older brother?  I think so.
Put a belt on bro
I don’t think ultra boosts are worth it
Should i sell my yeezy or keep them.. been thinking for days still not sure. I bought it of a reseller.
Thanks for the video Brad Hall. I am a Nike guy but I think I'm gonna give these Ultra Boost a try. I need to feel that fresh cushioning and hope the comfortability lasts long enough to go for a couple of walks. Thanks again.
Been a braddie since the Oreo 4's review
I'm a Braddie for my daddy.
When are people going to get sick of the nerd gimmick? jesus christ.
Why u speak like this
Intuitive question.  It might be too nuanced for some to ask.  But still, it's a valid question.
Excellent information Brad \nKeep up the good work
wth brad I haven't seen any of your videos from at least the past month in my sub box??
we want to see your fart
Someone yelled at me and told me I looked like a b*tch but I think they meant braddie
Wear a belt. Are you a heathen or something?
I'ved been a braddy since day one
Proud to be a braddie
Actually something I’ve been wondering...
Left hand constantly wants to be in the t rex position 😂😂
Is it possible that your legs weigh differently so it could possibly disrupt the comfort in the shoes
It's an honor to call myself a braddie
Your house's windows are amazing!
Nice shoe. I just got the grey one today.
i want a pair of ultraboosts but muh wallet
Brad where is your church, I would like to worship you with other Bradies
Show me that leather
'Let's do some more explosive movements'
Wait is this really him
I'm a braddie
This is a genuine concern of mine.
Brad the lack of uploads is concerning.. how are you feeling?
braddies squad where you all at.
I'm a Brad Haller !!!!
You should do a video on the adidas GSG 9.2 boots
I’m a braddy
Great video once again brad
i am so proud to be a braddie
how many sneakers does this guy have in total?
If your phone is getting no service...\n\nTry putting shoes and a shirt on it
REAL BRADDIE HOURS WHO TF IS UP?
*_b r a d d i e_*
Show me that leather
Those explosive movements!
Hey undefeated x nike air max 97 review plz
I love baddies or should i say braddies
No belt swag
whaddup braddies
very informative. glad imma #Braddie
Up next: Gazorpazorpfield
Braddiesss
Proud Braddie
is this interdimensional cable?
Artificial intelligence
Show me that leather. #Braddies
That heel walk ! 😬
Braddie 4 life
what a #goodvideo
Braddies unite
Show me that primeknit
im a braddy
Pin me Daddy Brad
Can you do Vans next?
braddies are cool baddies
His chair costs $4000
Braddy Daddy
This is triggering my asmr
my name is brad halllll
This guy makes me sleepy...
Braddie squad where you at?
Thank you again Brad
Just beautiful brad.
YOU HAVE MADE AN ENEMY OF ME NOW BRAD - I WILL GET REVENGE FOR WHAT YOU HAVE DONE
Hey brad ive got a question concering your choice of footwear would u by any chance be pursuaded to wear air jordan 4 KAWS
Brad, I love you.
Brad is the reason i live
Hey Brad, Will the shoe be less comfortable if I don't use a shoehorn?
This was actually VERY useful information.
I got so exited i did all of my homework for 10 months.        ...
This was cool and all but i'm really just tryna watch a new episode of show me that leather!
1st time watching your vids. Are those Frank Lloyd Wright Tree Of Life stained glass windows behind you? Do you live in a FLW house?!!
The continental rubber wears out far to fast for a shoe that’s $180. I think I may only get a year with the boost I have.
You really need to get down to an ENT guy, and have your sinuses sucked out. I have never heard a more nasal voice - and I talk to Australians almost ever day! Seriously, you have a bad sinus issue, which needs to be fixed.
Kodak choking in the beginning and shit! 😂😂
Nigga sounds like he's choking in the background 0:30 - 0:40
I’m waiting for Lodak Red
Hey cardi do u fck with thy art is murder?
it's not about the music anymore. it's about the money. industry execs have figured out how to low ball shit artists and send them through the blender like a circus monkey smoothie just to get money off of these kids. fuck kill me now.
Congratulations to Cardi B,  I love her but this sucks.  I really miss the Queen rappers from the 80's and 90's.
This song did not go well like Soya Sauce on some Hotdog Buns
I though it was cardi b ft chucky  😂😂😂😂0:01
The thot national anthem ft. Kodak Black
SHOUT OUT TO EVERYBODY FOR THE SUBSCRIBES💯💯 SHOWIN LOVE TO EVERYBODY💪💪💪 \nGET ON THE SUB TRAIN 💲💲💰💰💵💵!!!!!! SHOUT OUT TO NY SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE HOMIES GRINDIN!!!!💰💲💲💵 KEEP SHINNING!!!!💯💯💯😎https://youtu.be/N9xxJiHE-ZU
Im in district heights / and im going on a heist / dead presidents..John Kennedy 😉😉😎😀
Cardi a famous Thot. Get any dick she wants
Cardi B and Playboi Carti should make a song called Young Carti now go on
L👀king to make some 💲💲 extra cash 💲💲on the side without paying any 💰 money 💰 at all click on the link below and download this awesome app! 100% free but u MUST use the confirmation/referral code to get free points as soon as you start.\nConformation/Referral: D3YHDG Use my FeaturePoints link: http://featu.re/D3YHDG
The anthem for basic teen girls just got even more unintelligible.
don't like it sounds like he's choking
Mmm baby nice ass so good analsex all day
0:01 When the lean goes down the wrong hole.
Cardie b is queen of rap now👑.\nNicki minaj isnt anymore she says the same thing in her songs but she still raps good 😴💖
Plz let the late great veteran jojo live
My neighbors liked this so much they invited the police to enjoy it too. 🐷🐽👮
If anyone get a chance go to you tube type in mental rotation. you'll see me in a red jacket.  this 10 min video on suppression is very useful and helpful. promise not a waste of time you will learn something thank you
Kodak need to lay off that orange soda in the beginning
Let's get this straight.. Kodak makes a song, Cardi remixes it, Kodak remixes the remix, Kodak remixes the remix of the remix of his own song..
The remix is good but the begining sounds like an anoying  comentary
Lmao nigga Kodak over talkin the whole time she talk
This shit lame 😂😂 youu killed it the first time kodak an cardi killed it just leave it there 💯👌
Kodak is better in this song😀😀
Knew he’d be in the remix
Kodak killed the songs wave. No we don't need u on this beat 🙅🏽Cardi B song is better without him
When you make a remix to your own song💀
He low-key ruined the song in the beginning , he should have let her do the chorus then did his verse... How he get on a remix to his song  just to do a  remix to their song 😂😂😂 and it still was 🚮
Better than the original😂👌🏾
Kodak in the beginning tho .💀💀
I like this song
Wtf is the intro? 😑😩 no thanks sis
I like this one better than Kodak orange
that nigga threw up all the dumb shit he was gone say in the intro lmao
Hmmm...where can I keep this remix? I know! I'll just keep it in my trash bin until I want to hear it again.
This fucking guy Kodak black sucks man guy can't pronounce shit correctly
Better than the original bodak yellow... But it's nothing like the original no flockin
I can imagine the Latin trap version with Kodak
Kodak when in on that ⛽️️🔥shit 💯🇨🇺
Dis shit 🔥🔥don't even need 2 say no mo
Smokin on JOJO 0:55 what??????? you a dead man.
Song sounds dope wit em both together, cardi, kodak, n offset should do a project
Let's make bloody moves
Yea wth he on here talking about anyways get him off of here messing up her music 😳🤦🏽‍♀️
the fuck they doin that shit with kodaks vocals, sounds like theres 15 of him around a mic
Hard as hell my boi Kodak flamed this shit salute
Gay
Rip Jo Jo  fuck dem hater's 🔫
Cardi B - Bodak Yellow
Cardi B go harder then Kodak haha haha. Kodak weak
smasshh
Soft Nicki Minaj
Yyyyuuyuassssddd
the beginning
Kodak goat
Bloody shoes
((KODAK BLACK)) He diss CHICAGO LIL JOJO 😱😱😱
This is fire 🔥🔥🔥
Smell like poo poo - Kodak Black 2k17
The remix of the remix lmao
baby 🔥🔥
ew
ayeeeee Kodak black killed it 🔥
😂😂😂
Love ❤️ this song
He ruined it...
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=326
https://youtu.be/abih33zuzA8
did he just diss lil JoJo?
remix of remix... fire
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=111792
No...WT!....NO...It was perfect\n Why fuck with perfection...My headz numb.
you need beats huh ? 🤔 Gimme some Clout 💰💪🏾 \nhttps://youtu.be/WFYCTxTOgfQ
‪💰https://soundcloud.com/gmoney-aka-logic/bag 🔥🔥🔥‬
🎧🎧🎧
American,s fuck!!!
Ayyye this lit
mane I'm fuxkn with cardi B.
These rappers so lame. Rip Jojo
Ayeeeee
The ting go skkkkrrrraaaa
Kodak & Cardi = 🔥🔥🔥🔥
esketit 🤘🏼
AK was right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5swnZRJzTg&feature=youtu.be check out this remix :)
🎶Kodak Black said THUGGISH BUGGISH RUGGISH shit lol, okay den🎶
My boy kodak snapped 🔥🔥🔥
:)
Cardi b shoulda came with new verse or new flow and this shit would blow up LIKE THE TALIBAN !!!!
Here before 1, mill
Litt 🔥💯 Who here before 1million views ?
You a boss cardi B
Lit ._.
Okay...okay!♨📛♨📛
This remix is Kodak Black ft Cardi B! It's fire though! 🔥  I don't care Cardi B  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
K2 is so bad for you. Kodak Black.
I love you but you just look greasy. You're beautiful and greasy though 😘
I love YOU. But I'm not a fan of your super frequent SPONSORED videos.
so many of your videos are sponsored unfortunately :(
get ingrid to 4 mil subs!
Simple skincare is now in the Philippines and it is amazing!!! Best makeup remover ever!\nIt totally didnt break me out and I really feel so fresh after. ❤
I love Ingrid so much \nshe is really good at make up\nand had good tips \nI wish she would stop losing subs \n and re hit 4 million subs
i hope it looks less greasy in person
Could you make a vid about your dads artwork? I have seen them in several videos and they are wonderful.
If only my skin was that nice 😭 but I love this video so much!
How many times does she say hydrating'' in this video?
Definitely my favorite hair length on Ingrid!
didnt know the greaseball look was popular... that looks like you just got done at the gym girk
Love your videos I also am so happy to see u posting so much always love your videos and love how you always keep it natural and real! ❤️
INGRID! I'd love it if you did an updated makeup collection. It's been so long.
You're so beautiful Ingrid c:
Your natural hair growing is really fast？
Can you recommend a daily sunscreen for girls with oily skin?
Is there any videos from you that AREN'T sponsored? You've become such a sellout.
I love this look! So naturally pretty! Do you still do that thing where you occasionally check out a new channel on YouTube and then if you like you feature it on your channel? I don't want to be asking for that on everyone's channel, so I picked yours bc I thought I remembered you doing that, if not never mind I'm crazy 😊😘
I always want to like your videos and get so excited, but then you say that they're sponsored  😒 It just feels a lot more inauthentic than your old videos used to be
If you like hydraton you can try out the method layer toner 3-5 layer and pad it with your palm
E a t  m y  a s s
I totally need some good hydrating products because my skin has always been combination/dry, but recently it has been sooooo dry and it's so uncomfortable! Thank you for this!!
Wavy hair tutorial please (: Your hair has the perfect undone look!
Your hair is goals 😍
Hey Ingrid! I loved this video. Having super oily skin acne prone skin, I have always covered up with foundation. It was only until recently that I started putting a small amount of concealer on with some mascara instead, that I suddenly felt more comfortable in my own skin, even with pimples on display. \nHaving grown up with your videos and now at the age of 26, I still have acne and wondered whether you recommended peels etc. to help even out skin tone, reduce large pores and tackle acne scarring?  Any advice would be very much appreciated 💜🦁
I really don’t know where you got the fact that eyebrows should be lighter than your hair, is the first time I hear that o.0 cause all I’ve heard and what actually happens in reality is that eyebrows are usually darker. Alsoooo...  I love going without foundation, So glad you’re not one of those youtubers that paint their faces with super heavy foundations. Refreshing ! <3
you're a radiant individual, ingrid <3
Trying combing through you lashes before curling them, I just started doing this and I can't believe the difference it has made!
Plus the volume of your hair!! thumbs up!!
I also love wearing no foundation! This is one big step forward for me, actually. I have never had a perfect skin, and for that reason, I have always been uncomfortable showing my natural skin out in public. I had always been the girl who reaches for full-coverage foundations. But I have being skipping foundation lately! Even though I still need to get some help from concealers to cover some redress I have on my face, I am so happy and proud of myself for feeling ok without any foundation on!
Is the Simple Water Boost cleanser similar to Glossier Milky Jelly cleanser? I almost picked this Simple cleanser, but I LOVE my milky jelly!
Looking sooooo gorg! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
What shade do you use for the rms concealer?
Heads up, the changes in your eyelashes may be from curling them, mine always did that when I used a curler, I switched to one that doesn't pinch but heats up a little and runs along the lashes, I got it at Sephora. Just a suggestion!
Oily skin is a skin type, dehydration is a skin concern/ your skins condition and it is not a lack of oil,cots a lack of water (hydration). Hope that clears up some of the confusion.
Not moisturizing when you have oily skin can do more damage than people might think. When you don't moisturize, your skin produces EVEN MORE oil. Moisturizing is important! :) I really loved your makeup, Ingrid! (Especially the blush)
would like to know for all cleansers nowadays what their ph level is.
Kudos to you for embracing your skin the way it is ✨\nI'm gonna keep packing mine with mattifying products because i'm not there yet 💔
Finally someone on YouTube who doesn't wear foundation!!!!! No foundation is always better!!!!
I wish I could do this but hey ho I have rosacea, so not much I can do without a base, when my face is like five different colours. The green primer has been helping though
So pretty, love the video and makeup look!
OMG can you trade skin with me? It looks so good!!!
Love the simple skincare products\nReally enjoyed the format of this video
I couldn’t find any video like this and then I saw this right now !!
Are you excited for American Beauty Star? I want to hear your thoughts on the new beauty reality tv show!
I don't like how many sponsored videos you do... But I like this one! The partnership seems very authentic and I don't feel scammed in the slightest.
Some of us are ugly, Ingrid.
So natural! How refreshing? I love it!
You are so pretty and inspiring! I love watching your videos and I truly love and look up to you! thank you for all you do!
i'm 35 and i'm doing makeup like this for a 18 years now.. just no  primers ..i have nice and healthy face ........ excellent  video how to show women /girls that trends are garbage
Such a nice look, Ingrid! I wish I am that confident to not wear foundation :)
I really enjoyed this video, my skin has really cleared up with the products I use (I lost the reddish patches, uneven pigmentation, unhealthy pale tone) so I am skipping foundation a lot. Your tips are so helpful - I never thought to use a primer! Thanks for a great video and list of the products. My fiance has used Simple light moisturizer (now with SPF) for years and his skin looks so good. Their bar soap is also great for sensitive skin. We are in England and Simple is a very popular option for face care. Also, I love your hair x
I just do mascara, brows, lips and covering of the underye in my daily makeup routine. But now i might add blush just cus how cute you look with it. Thaanks for the inspo!  Xx
Loove this look!! Always admired how simple your beauty routine is 💕
any small YouTubers want to be friends ?❤️❤️
You are just so naturally gorgeous xxx
You're so simple, natural and beautiful. Kiss from Italy
i can get this without even trying, it's called oily skin
she looks like a grown version of millie bobby brown in the thumbnail
It's beautiful ingrid!
My skin used to be pretty oily, now that I regularly hydrate and moisturize my face, I'm almost never super oily.
Sometimes the reason oily skin occurs is because your skin isn’t getting enough moisture so it over produces oil to compensate
This video gives me flashbacks from like 2011 when I started watching you! Love it
You are so beautiful <3
you look like a goddess.
I was really hoping you filmed a sense of self with jenn. Would've loved to see the things she wouldve chosen
First YouTuber I ever subscribed to, still my favorite. I remember when I first signed up for youtube, which I didn't even know you could do before then, and I saw a video of Ingrid' s back when she was miss glamorazzi and subscribed immediately. It was like a tv show for me, I knew what days she uploaded and I watched the video the day it aired.
I think to people who understand the concept of creating glow with makeup will get it, all the rest will just think your face is greasy looking, sorry, how I see it.......
haha when you said nickel sized I thought you said nipple sized
hi Ingrid! Please post the recorded livestream that you're gonna do today on your channel after you are done with the live session. you haven't been posting your livestream on your channel lately and I would love it if you'd do that because I live In a different time zone and always miss your lives!
I have oily skin too and this just makes me cringe. I could not stand all that glow! I am forever trying to get rid of the glow. I don't wear foundation either, but all that other glow is just NO for me, but looks lovely on you.
Sponsored. Blah
Your skin looks beautiful!
The thumbnail is gorgeous ❤️😍😍
love this!!
❤️❤️❤️
Your videos make me calm. 😌
Oily but also dry skin squad! 👋  😄
What happened to Bare Minerals??????
Amazing 😍
LOL these intros
step 1: have perfect skin
omg so beautiful date me ahahah<3
Looks GREAT!!!!
IN LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Her face just looks oily.
This is beautiful!!!! ✨
Ingrid!! Plz update ur hair routine...
So gorgeous 💗
Beautiful! ☺️
hi Ingrid ! You're so beautiful ! bises ;)
Sweaty mess ewww😷
So pretty Ingrid!
I thought you liked the Garnier Micellar water but yet you're using the simple one only because they're sponsoring you...
i also did a skincare video on my channel. it was inspired by watching your videos! i started to care about my skin recently as it's better to care for your skin at a young age. 😊 PLEASE WATCH MY VIDEO AND LEAVE COMMENTS :)\nLOVE YOU INGRID!!
it just looks like a big oily lump face. Only high end products are used nowadays which not everybody can use.
I wanna run to you with a oil absorbing tissue and press it all over your face during the whole video 😂😂😂 I can't stand with this look. OMG. 😂 I'm oily AF😥
While you're doing it, it looks quite nice, but at the end, maybe it's just the lighting, it looks just very greasy, or as if your moisturizer is still sitting on the skin. I love glowing natural looks, but that was a bit over the top for me.
Guys, im from mexico, we just had another earthquake and the losses are huge. If you can please donate to: \nPaypal: donativos@brigada-rescate-topos.org topos.mx https://t.co/3bVhOqXRYe\n\nEven the smallest donation makes a difference. Thank you so much.
10M in 8 hours 5 Minutes\n20M in 20 Hours 48 Minutes\n30M in 45 Hours 40 Minutes\n40M in 3 Days 15 Hours 15 Minutes\n50M in 5 Days 18 Hours 40 Minutes
51M Views, ARMYS!!!\nLet stream til 53M before KST2359 today🙏🙏
BTS must win on AAA( ASIA ARTIST AWARDS )... BTS in 2nd place.. please vote to our boyss
100M IN TWO WEEKS? LETS GO ARMY!!
this is the best I watch this every 5 times a day and I still love it
100 MILLION BEFORE 1 MONTH! OR EVEN BEFORE 2 WEEKS!!!!! HWAITING!!!!!
LET'S GET TO 60M GUYS 🗣🗣
51 MILLION VIEWS IN JUST 1 WEEK 😍😘🇵🇭🇰🇷 WE LOVE BTS!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Wow!!! BTS i really like the music.
*51M* 🎆🎉🎆🎆🎉🎉\n\nOkay... Should I follow the advice of the Pied Piper song and go to sleep? \n\nNaaaah better no 😂😂🔫 KEEP STREAMING GO GO GOOOOOO!!  🔥🔥🔥🔥
50 MILLIONS IN SIX DAYS, LEGENDS. WE DID IT, LOVE Y’ALL🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹
2:48 Jin come on, keep up😂❤️
ARMYS WE BROKE ANOTHER RECORD! 50M IN 1WEEK!!!!
Hello army don't trust any links, I know that some look okay and not harmful but the view count has frozen and I reckon it is because of the 'fake links' that have been around. Also people have been telling me that they clicked on the link and been taken to a total different page! Instead search by typing in the keywords!\n\nVote BTS on Asia artist awards ( 'Asia Artist awards BTS vote') and MCountdown! ('MCountdown BTS vote'). Write what I put in brackets in your search engine. Let's get BTS to Win! And keep streaming!!
PLEASE READ THIS AND SPREAD <3 <3 \n51 M <3 \nThis is how they are working\nSept. 23 - 4:30Am the beginning of pre record show\nSept. 24 - 4:30am the end (24h with no sleep) \nSept. 24 - 7:00 am bts leaving to. Practice for Daejun\nARMY we're not allowed to go to the wc and bts we're the one buying food and drink for them. Jk was super tired many army fainted Jimin was heard telling the member to be careful and to not hurt themselves \nEven though they keep thanking us and kept shaking the army conditions on the sit. So let's make their dream come true by making them enter 100 hot billboard by reaching 100M view before Wednesday.\n© To an Army who posted this.\n[BSPU]
Let's make it 100 million views in two weeks!
SHOCK ! 50 MILLION VIEW IN ONE WEEK !
WE MADE IT TO 50M VIEWWSSS!
Why do I feel like the song is heavily autotuned.. still love it tho
51 Million Views In 5 days Is Daebak [ proud army ] !!! Congrats
GOT MY INTERNET DATA AGAIN...YOOOOO I'M JOINING Y'ALL STREAMING AGAIN
i love how i army freaks out but like k army is like oh cool another video
fighting army to reach 100 M very soon
Hey army!! Watch my reaction video please! Share and subscribe x \nhttps://youtu.be/tL64JWdn0pE
51M, YAY. I'M- THAT'S GREAT. *¡BRAVO!*
Wow 51 million \nI can smell 60 million 😋😋😋😋\nLets go GO go ARMY
http://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists PLEASE VOTE FOR BTS <3
51M 👏👏👏👏 FIGHTING Fam 💜
52M. 👈👈👆👆😭🙏🙏✌✌✌✌✌✌✌✌✌
♡ ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡
#Happy50Million
Armyyyyyyyy for 100M watch watch watchhhhhhh
прикольно танцуют
51million views, keep streaming!!
jesus fuck the views
60M fighting ✊✊✊
Fighting 50 million 💪💪
💎B💎T💎S💎
와 벌써5000만 넘었네ㄷㄷ
Let's keep streaming guys👍👍Fighting! !!!
SUGAAAAAAAAAAAA
51M !! yeah!!💓
51, 058, 017 in 5 days.\n\nWOAH DAEBAK ARMYS! ♥
Jimin ♥
💜💜💜💙💙💚💚💚💛💛💟💟💞💞💝💝💝💕💕BTS
BTS ARMY..사랑해요💖💟💞💝💗💕💓
Handsome,swag,sexy,adorable!!  BTS Fighting
Awesome!!!
incredible 50m in 5 days wowow
50 MILLION!!!!!
Awesome guys 😊😍
51M 💕
51 mil.
51M
Класс, Jiminka💕😘
a a a, mí ộp pa đẹp choai quá à
BTS BTS
😍😍😍
BTS 52m
Playlists #DNA Spotify https://twitter.com/BTS_Billboard/status/911847674537586688
A.R.M.Y！Fighting！
OMG 2mil. Like ?!!!❤️❤️❤️
Great
tae's earings.. ded... \njin's lines.. ded...\nthe whistle.. ded..\nchoreography.. ded...\naesthetics.. ded...\njimin..im ded...\njungkook.. asdf.. im ded.. life span decrease 1000x\nwhaaa suga!! jhoooooooooope! taehyuuuuuuung! rapmon!! jiiiiiiiiiiin!!! life span decrease again. everyonee!! stylists, May God bless you all.. and everyone behide the scenes.. God bless.. and the armys!! who kept on streaming thank you and may God bless us all.. 50 mil views guys.. Amen.
fighting let we get *100M*
♥
POWER
*Fighting army✊🏾✨*
Jungkook was damm hawt 🔥🔥
Еее 51 миллион
51Mio💪🖤🖤
Love BTS 💜
😍😍😍😍😍
yayyyyy 51M Congo \nstream
50M good job fam😋😙!! Please don't forget to vote on AAA and keep streaming to break every record, we can do this!!💕
Please army's remember that streaming this mv is not the only thing that is important but voting as well! GO VOTE FOR THEM IN AAA, we can win it if we work together guys💖
I can't express how much i love these people!? ❤❤❤
ARMYYYYYYYY LETTSSSSSSS 100M !!!!!!!!!
51M
51 044 808 armys....STREAM .STREAM . STREAM.
IS TAE EVEN REAL😂❤
😍😍😍😍😍😍 ahhhhhh~~.......
Keep on streaming guys!
KEEP STREAMING EVERYONE!
51 M. OMG!!!
51million views 🔥🔥
지민이 머리카락때문에 이기광닮았다
Bts and the DNA ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️je vous aime trop mignon
Türk Armyler burada mı?
DNA 💖💖💖\nNo paro de escucharla 🎶 \nEs hermosa🙊
DNA
Why do we never aim for 3M likes? I really wonder why..
Do they take their business seriously?!
ey ARMYS how about we make 1m comments ?
51M bravoo🔥\nLet's go ARMY from different countries,we can do it,we need boys,let's collect 100M view.\nActually, I don't speak English or Korean, but I know that I love BTS and you, ARMYs♥
jin and rapmon are getting better and better at dancing 💜💜💜💜💜
YES THIS IS WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT 51M BEFORE 12 am Korean time!!! and I was saying 50M YES LET'S KEEP GOING let's get 100M before 17 days !!
I'm Bulgarian boy and it's very hard to learn this lyrics in Korean but I can do this for 2 week's I m sure😊😀😆
CONGRATS BTS. I'm very proud of you. Thank you Co-army for supporting this video. Be proud to yourself because I know BTS is happy because without us we can't get 15 000 000 in just 24hrs
Haha im i the only one who hates this
I have it too 😣 It's the worst!!! But for my underarm sweaters..Please try Miracle Dry if you haven't already! It's amazing if you're consistent 😊
Omg I can relate so much to this. I also got it from my mom. Thanks for making this video!
I use Dricolor it works magic and it's at target for like 6$
I have the same thing and I'm natural because I have eczema and really bad sensitive skin so I have to wear natural deodorant and when I do I always put baking soda under my arms it never fells. When I no I am going to have a sweaty day I lather with the baking soda because sometimes I have to let my body breath from products and baking soda is my holy grail! I'm 23 and my mom is like girl just put out your own products and stop tryin to be extra and cause a break out trying products lol!
I love you Jackie!! Thank you for sharing this!! You will help so much people!!
Oh my gosh Jackie I love you!! I was just diagnosed with hyperhidrosis on yesterday. I was prescribed the Drysol by my dermatologist. I couldn't wear long sleeves because I 💦 so bad, and not in specific areas either. My WHOLE body sweats! Thank you so much for your videos @jackieaina
I think I have this, but just in my hands. They are ALWAYS clammy and I cant hold anyones hand without sweating all over their hand... its so fucking annoying.
What r u wearing on your lips it looks so good❤️❤️🌸
I suffer from this,  I sweat everywhere 👀😕 pits, hands, feet, crotch, face everywhere 😌
Smelling like Activity😩😩 😩 I have  the condition too, I dealt with it since Junior H.S., it was soooo bad 😣and I use to put paper towel under my arms underneath my shirt. And I own Nothing WHITE!!
sweat is not what stinks!!!!! its the bacteria feeding on it, antiperspirant is gonna clog your sweat glands and that can cause you to get an infection. you need to use antibacterial deodorant if you wanna get rid of the smell
I don't know if I have hyperhidrosis because I only sweat during school, but a couple months ago I started using hypercare, and it conpeletely stopped my excessive sweating ! Now I wear normal shirts without having to worry about a sweat stain
MOOD I literally started sweating so fucking much this year and I have no idea why it like I haven't done this ever like I go to sleep with three fans on and I wake up covered in sweat and I'm like oh well I guess I'll have to take my fifth shower today
Ahhhh musty Matilda !!!!! Hahaha love it! Maybe I have it too cuz I can shower and by the time I finish our 1st worship set, I smell like a pack a monkeys!!  Haha thank u!:)
Lol so that's what's happening to me
Whyyyy didn't I know the name of this in highschool 😫 my life
Funny because I sweat extra hard under my arms too and do the Botox too and like the amount of Botox needed to get all those sweat glands I have is crazy even to the doctor. But coincidentally I don't sweat in my face either and I'm black as well. So it may be something to do with our hormones as my mom suffers the same issues as well.
I didn't knew that I had hyperhidrosis untill now...WTF THANK YOU SO MUCH JACKIE ♥♥♥♥
Lol i use to walk around w paper towels under my armpits😂😂
Thank you so much for sharing Jackie!! I've struggled with hyperhidrosis for years and it's nice hearing tips and being able to relate to someone else who deals with it.
I just love you. You're so encouraging, inspiring and real! I have this issue tooooo!!!
Thanks for sharing your story, Jackie. ❤️
Yes. Never knew others struggled with this also. I have underarm and other areas that sweat more than others. Sweating doesn’t cause the odor, the bacteria does. I apply tea tree oil about every two weeks to kill the bacteria.
I don't know what I have but I sweat so much.... Like too much my test papers shrivel up, I wear black that's it I can't wear anything else cause I'm so scared of sweat. I'm always cold tho so idk what the problem is.... Does anyone feel the same or am I alone??
GIRL. ok i know you don't like the liquid antiperspirants and i was totally right there with you but try MITCHUM. it takes some getting used to since its a gel but it dries pretty quickly and you put it on before going to sleep to let it activate and it's supposed to work through the next day too (even if you shower apparently) but i use it at night and in the morning and it works WONDERS. and no white marks!! i'm tellin you it's god's gift to girls like us!!!! and for bonus points there's no animal testing or ingredients!
Thinking about sweating and sweating more is so true!! I use the Degree motion sense shower clean. It helps with the sweat a lil but the scent of the deodorant stayssss all day ! That’s what I like about it.
Ugh JACKIE THANK YOU 🙏 I'm 12 years old and I've had this forEVER this video helped greatly just even knowing that someone else has it is aMAZING✨ and the fact that there's a name for it to ugh 😥Jackie girl thank you some of the best advice ever and my mama gives me tips to but she don't got it 😂✨💕
I sweat on my face, in my hair (which I got from my grandma), and my back. It's nice to know that I'm not the only one out here looking drenched and sickly after doing 10 mins of activity! Thanks for the video, I love your videos and can't wait to see more!! 😀💓
Drysol stops my sweating, when I am actively using it.
jackie!! where have you been all my life i feel like my whole life is in this video!! i never knew it had a name!
girl, this channel...i just love more and more this girl. my problem is also on my underarms, they feel wet no matter how cold is outside (i live in central europe) and you don't wanna know during summer. when i say wet, they are freaking wet :|
Okay, I have one question... How do you know when you've got hyperhydrosis? I've always thought that armpit sweat/face sweat was normal. For reference, I live in a notoriously humid country (Singapore), and I do get a sweat stache' often and sometimes under eye sweat, in situations when i do sweat. And sweat everywhere else on my body too cos... It's hot here, ok?! Haha. In fact, I actually find it weird when some of my friends DON'T sweat LOL.
SAME I tried everything then I LEARNED about sweat. AFTER I waxed my armpits. Hair ANY amount holds germs and odor. Waxing helped SO Much. THEN EXFOLIATE. Every other day. I was constantly using deodorant to hide the smell and even after showering Id still feel residue from the deodorant. Over time dead skin cells and it lead to more odor, the clogged pores in your armpits SWEAT MORE to breathe so to speak.. Exfoliating changed my Armpit Life. Odor is caused from bacteria Waxing, and exfoliating removes dead skin and hair which all contains odor causing bacteria. Daily when I get out the shower I dry my armpits and wipe them with rubbing alcohol. Kills whatever odor causing bacteria there is and help your armpits to dry. I also clean my deodorant with alcohol before each use. These steps have changed EVERYTHING. For me i feel so much fresher and confident. I use LESS deodorant and I haven't STUNK like Musty Mildred since I switched to this pattern of cleaning my armpits. I hope this helps anyone who needs it.
Me too!! My face sweats at the drop of a hat!! Its the most embarrassing thing because people especially my female friends who don't understand how this drives me crazy.
I feel like everyone suffered from this in middle school
I have this too but I don't have a smell problem, I think the products I use just stick throughout anything but I sweat too much and I hate to be be with wet clothes all the time but they just won't stay dry cause I sweat all the time, even in cold ass winter! I've read that when you sweat a lot it can actually cause bacteria to be unable to reproduce so fast cause you're kinda sweating it away, while strong smells can be caused by hormones and I don't think my sweating has to do with it cause I never had a smell problem or my sweat to decrease after puberty is over.
Palmar/plantar hyperhidrosis here....super awkward having clammy hands and feet all the time.
Use summer's eve to wash underarms to get rid of musty smell. It seems to work well for removing BO
I love you jackie!! Literally gone through my entire life thinking something's wrong with me and totally embarrased about it. I don't smell, but almost always a sweaty mess, going out to the club is pretty daunting for me. but wait what-it has a name-other people have it too-you got tips too!!!I Thanks for the video
This was brave of you. The story about what girls said to you in grade school made me want to give you a hug :(   A great life is the best revenge!
I’ve totally had this problem for idk how long. I still have it. You mentioned thinking about sweating. I will psych myself out when I wear light colored clothes because I just know I’m gonna sweat heavily in them which is why my closet mainly consists of black. If I do wear light colored shirts I fold a paper towel and put in under my armpits. (My friend used to sew the paper towels in her shirt) but the panty liner hack is awesome as well. Thanks for being so candid about topics like this because as a woman it’s not easy to admit you deal with things like this. The world is so unapologetically judgmental that even the most natural things get criticized.
@JackieAina I love you so much for this video. 🙌🏾🙏🏿❤ As a heavy sweater 😂 (insert 🎄 sweater) I've always been embarrassed about it but at the same time like what do y'all expect by now?! C'mon, I sweat. In highschool I went to the dermatologist and got some deodorant that I could only use at night 1,2 days after shaving and it literally would burn up my sweat glands, so I wouldn't perspire under my arms. After a few uses, I started sweating from my hands and feet because let's face it, I'm a heavy sweater. Now that I'm older, I also wear a lot of cotton, open breathable armed shirts, and eat a more balanced diet. I won't lie though, sometimes I shower with half a lemon with honey topped with (I alternate between Epsom salt and sugar) it seems to have helped as well as using all natural deodorants that ARE NOT anti perspirant. Lol, sue me.\nThanks again for even being REAL like you are to have such an honest conversation about overactive sweat glands. 😂😂😂😭😢🙌🏾
Thank you for being transparent.
What's it called anti???
YES! I suffer from the exact same thing, this was needed.
I have it too. I noticed now that I don't do sports I sweat a lot less as a whole. And for me I sweat a lot more when I'm in public which is so annoying cause I don't sweat at all at home. I haven't used any prescription options but I have used that secret antiperspirant specifically for excessive sweat and it did not work for me . I have heard though of hyper care solution which is good for hyperhyrosis and can even cure the excessive sweating permanently
I get really sweaty hands. Alll thhe timmeee. When i went to the nail salon SHE PUT MY HAND UP TO THE LITTLE FAN ON THE TABLE. I know ur talking about me in ching chong language.
This is so brave of you 💜💜
Can you do videos on how you pick the hair colors and install
You don't have to wear a pantie liner, just buy Thompson Tees.
Jackie please come thru with the sweat proof makeup. I sweat like crazy.
Did we have the same mom? 🤔 my mom told me to put cornstarch under my arms too lol and the the she tried it with the natural deodorants 🙄
Dope you partnered with cotton. Keep rising to the top!
YOU DID NOT GROW UP IN LP!!!!! I lived down the street from Basset HS!!!! But I went to school in Hacienda Heights lol but anyway you just got way cooler (than I already thought you were)
I just love u @jackie aina 😂😂 thnkx a lot for the tips
I rarely ever hear you tubers talk about La Puente . I grew up there too 😭
I can relate TOTALLY!  I use Certain Dri At night and you can even shower in the next day and then apply deodorant.
I can't believe you suffer from the same thing! I take meds for mine.
my underarm sweat gets so bad i can feel beads of it rolling down my body it's so terrible and embarassing
I've done the pantyliner trick - go mom. XD
oh my god I think i have what you said. it bothers me so much but what bothers me the most is my sweaty palms, i feel like i can't hold anyone's hands because of it. if any one has any tips please help<3
I sweat so much on my face that I can't wear any face makeup. No foundation, no concealer, no blush nothing. I even sweat off my moisturiser and I use a light gel formula. It's really annoying.
They have arm pit pads at the fabric stores. There are several in a box. They help also. What you is put them in arm pit of the jacket blouse or wat ever you have on, it also helps to keep sweat n deodorant off your garment. It's sticky on the back side! I am so glad someone else nos about these things becuz I used to feel all alone with no one to talk about it to 😭😭😭😭
I'm a face sweater and I'm oily😭
Drinking lots of water and reducing the consumption of junkfood  could Also help.
it’s so nice to hear a big youtuber talk about this. My armpits get soaked even when it’s freezing outside. I think i might ask a doctor about prescription antiperspirant
But this vid was for me though 😩 I've had a problem with sweating since I was 10 (I'm 21 now) and I've tried one medicine that gave me a bad reaction on my skin. I'm going to try to cornstarch tip and maybe the pantiliner one but I feel like that would feel weird (even tho I tuck paper towel in them already 🙄). But I'm definitely gonna keep in mind the only cotton clothes tip as well! Down the road I'll try the botox shots (I think I saw that tiara walker YouTube girl saying she had good results with it) but that shit is expensive. lol I hope these work Jackie, thanks for the pointers 😭
I really needed this video..... the dove antiperspirant is my best friend
What are the risks of underarm botox and how much per treatment does it cost?
I'm very familiar with this struggle 😭 the only thing that has worked for me is Driclor it's a roll on anti-perspirant and it works like magic! I order it online and use it before bed. Initially I'd use it every night but now I only need to use it one in like 2 and I don't sweat under my arms AT ALL. It's pretty cheap and I'd definitely suggest it to anyone else suffering 😊
The struggle is REAL!! I seriously almost never sweat until I was like 16-17, and then it was like my body decided to make up for lost time overnight.😒 It could be 25°F out and I'm freezing, but my pits decide that I need to cool down. Thankfully it's calmed down a bit now, and using the Secret Clinical Strength deodorant has been a miracle worker, especially when I use it at night🙌
Whaaat!!! Where in la puente girl! I to ! Born and raised!!!
I use apple cider vinegar on my underarms and I don't need to put on deodorant!! NO SWEAT!!
IM SO HAPPY U POSTED THIS.
Ugh I have excess face sweating for the past few years, I would rather sweat ANYWHERE else but my face! I swear my whole face of makeup off 😐
Clinique makes gym makeup! It's called Clinique FIT! now the foundation range isn't that wide but they do have matte moisturizer 24 mascara and some other items! Go check it out at any Ulta store.
What lipstick are you wearing? I think it'll look bomb on me 😏
I have the same problem!!  Jackie you NEEEED to try absolut torr! It’s the BEST! You use it once a week, put it on to clean skin  before you go to sleep, let it dry and for the next 7 days your good 👌 if you have sensitive skin remember to put it only on the area that swets not all over!
I get sweaty under my pits pretty bad. It's gotten better as I've got older. About the Botox, I've heard that it works wonders, however, I wouldn't get it done too regularly. Your body needs to excrete sweat because it contains toxins and other stuff your body is trying to rid itself of. The Botox is basically keeping it inside of you. Great advice video though Jackie!
What size is your pretty little things top and bottoms?
ive ruined so many clothes from my sweat! im going to try the cotton only idea and the corn starch. thank you love! xoxo
omg thank you for this video! Your honesty is amazing School was tough for me as well. Overtime I learned to deal and change up what I wore. 👏🏾
THANK YOU for this video!! It's a topic that a lot of people don't  like to talk about but just know I and I'm sure a lot of others appreciate!!
I love you sis
Didnt know anti perspirant and deodorant were different . Thanks!
👏  Thank you huntie
“I wear deodorant just like y’all heifas, dang!” 😂😂😂
Thank hoy so much ❤️ LOVE
Huda beauty review 👀
Smelling like activity 😆
Musty Matilda lol
i sweat like that everywhere ugh
DRYSOL IS THE SHITTTTT
What are your favorite antiperspirants !?
MEET MY MOM Video please 🙏🏾🙏🏾
You should research Miradry
Anyone think jackie sounds kinda different
I sweat in all the awkward places  😩😩😩 (underboob, crotch, face and neck, armpits, feet), I'll be in class and just start sweating! I have social anxiety so whenever I talk to someone I sweat buckets! I sweat through bras!
Whats your problem?? you always talking mean about somebody or either its trying to get your face out in the world damn be thankful for your 1.6m followers being thirsty for more you will fall really fast. yes jeffree star said what he said but outside of him you be coming for everybody... i guess im next after this post huh.. i really dont give a fuck but what i will say is stop fucking coming for people and compaines cause soon aint nobody going to wan to work with you... if you trying to save your ass and get your face out there. Shut up would be the best way to go.
I'm sweaty too, chest and underarms and I don't like wearing traditional deodorant . It's so toxic annnnd darkens the pits to me. I find honest company lavender deodorant work well. I also find exfoliating gloves combined with dr bronner lavender liquid soap under the pits and all over the body kills the smell and keeps me fresh through the sweat .
The mashup we never knew we needed.
Tay and these guys should do this mash-up together, that will be brill!
please make a comeback, this is one of the most amazing songs I've heard all year, and the video was amazing.  Use the same band. And who is the bass player?
Taylor needs to be careful
Heard this from the radio and had to come check it out.
Is this version going to be for sale?
Richard is still so beautiful!
love this! a reputation tour performance please!
This is great!!
Amazing!
Excellent!!
Absolutely LOVE it!!!
Love this!
Cor Crikey! Loving the bass player!!! 😍
На учениях «Запад-2017» на полигоне в Ленобласти боевой вертолет попал ракетами по зрителям  The K52 helicopter shoots on the civilians during the military exercise because of the malfunction
A Russian military helicopter accidentally fires on parked cars and journalists during a military exercise.
Go watch some helicopters they said\nIt will be fun they said
“Mission failed, we’ll get em’ next time”
in mother russia, missile shoot itself!
i hope the guy is okay i watched it in slow mo and he did not seem to get hit.
Description has English translation.
Did I see someone die?? I need a translation!!
When mom tells you to wait in the car
Did dat guy survive?? It was brutal
How it feels to chew 5gum\n\n0:13\n\n5gum, stimulate your senses
They probably thought he was gay
was the pilot aiming for Poutine?
But were the Trucks OK?????????
Just a heads up, don't load the guns if your just doing an air show....
Not one person (that I saw on this post) asked if that poor bastard survived the missile blast?!?
So are we going to conclude that guy walking is dead ? Or
They’re doing a military exercise in a civilian area with live weapons? What the fuck is wrong with them? \n\nI’ll leave this here for people trying to explain it:(Obviously they’d need real weapons in a real scenario with civilians around, but come on)
wow, trying to kill their counterparts. Smh
When you don't have a buzzard
(((Homosexuality is an abomination before a Holy God. If they dont repent and stop doing this sinful act they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Are they going to be lovers of their flesh more then lovers of their God/Creator??? And here is the scriptural Proff in the scriptures)))...  \nThen the Lord said, The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is so great and their sins so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as bad as the outcry that has reached me, if not, I will know. (Genesis 18:20-21). Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom-Both young and old-surrounded the house. They called to lot, Where are the men, (Two Angels), who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them. (Genesis 19:4-5). Get out of our way, They replied. And they said, This fellow, (Angels), came here as alien, and now they want to play the judge we'll treat you worse than them.  They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door. But the men/Angels inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door. Then the Men/Angels struck the men who were at the door of the house young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door. (Genesis 19:9-11). The Angels said to Lot, Get your relatives out of here, Because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it. (Genesis 19:12-13).\n\nDo not lie with a man as one lies with a women; it is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22). If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have committed an abomination. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:13). A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for all that do so are an abomination unto the Lord thy God. (Deuteronomy 22:5). There were even Sodomites in the land; The people engaged in all the abomination practices of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites. (1 Kings 14:24).\n\n Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, as his father David had done. He expelled the Sodomites from the land and got rid of all the idols his fathers had made. (1 Kings 15:11-12). He rid the land of the rest of the Sodomites who remained there even after the reign of his father Asa. (1 Kings 22:46). He also tore down the quarters of the Sodomites that were by the house of the Lord and where women did weaving for Asherah. (2 Kings 23:7). No one who has been emasculated/castrated by cutting or crushing the male sex organ may enter the assembly of the Lord. (Deuteronomy 23:1).\n\nGod gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. (Romans 1:26-27). (Homosexual/Sodomite sympathizers), although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things, but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:32). Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the fornicators, nor idolaters nor adulterers nor Homosexual/Effeminate/Sodomites nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11). That the law is not made for a righteous person, but for the lawless and insubordinate, for the ungodly and for sinners, for the unholy and profane, for murders of fathers and mothers, for manslayers, for fornicators, for Sodomites, for kidnappers, for liars, for perjurers, and if there is any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine. ( 1 Timothy 1:9-10). Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to fornication and going after strange flesh, (Homosexual/Sodomites). They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire. (Jude 7). Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers in the world, to abstain from fleshly desires, which war against your souls. (1 Peter 2:11).\n\n Everyone that is Proud in heart is an Abomination to the Lord: though they join forces, none will go unpunished. (Proverbs 16:5). Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. (Proverbs 16:18). To fear the Lord is to hate evil; I hate pride and arrogance, evil behavior and perverse speech. (Proverbs 8:13). He (God) beholdeth all high things: He (Satan) is a king over all the children of pride. (Job 41:34). God opposed the Proud but gives grace to the humble. (James 4:6).\n\nThe look on their faces testifies against them; they parade their sin like Sodom; they do not hide it, Woe to them! They have brought disaster upon themselves. (Isaiah 3:9). God is just: He will pay back to those who trouble you, and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when The Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful Angel punishing those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out of the presence of the Lord. (2 Thessalonians 1:7-9). Call on to Jesus for forgiveness and He will set you free and be your God. Jesus said: Unless you are born again, (With the Holy spirit), you cannot enter the Kingdom of God. (John 3:3).\n\nJesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Parish. (Luke 13:3). Don't you know that you yourself are Gods temple and that God spirit lives in you? If anyone destroys God's temple, God will destroy them; For Gods temple is sacred, and you are that temple. (1 Corinthians 3:16-17). So if the Sodomite commit, or anyone by that matter commit suicide and not repent of their sins. Jesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Perish. (Luke 13:3).\n\nThey will be cast into outer darkness. Where there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and the fire is never quenched. Jesus said in, (Luke 13:28), (Matthew 13:42), (Matthew 25:29-30), (Matthew 8:12), (Matthew 22:13), (Mark 9:48).\n\nSee Jesus always talked about Hell, but people never wanted to talk or hear about it. Always love love love. But people are going to find out about Gods wrath the hard way if they keep going to these false ministers and living in Sin.\n\nJesus said: Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the son of man. (Luke 6:22). Jesus said: Woe to you when all men speak well of you, for that is how their fathers treated the false Prophets. (Luke 6:26). Jesus said: If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. (John 15:18). Jesus said: If you belong to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world that is why the world hates you. (John 15:19).\n\nAm I now trying to win the approval of men, or of God? Or am I trying to please men? If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ. (Galatians 1:10).\n\nJesus said: the world does not hate you, but It hates me because I testify its works are evil. (John 7:7).\nJesus said: Nevertheless I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, the comforter/Holy spirit will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you, and when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of Judgment: of sin, because they believe not on me. (John 16:7).\n\nTopheth ,(Hell), has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the king (Satan). Its fire pit has been made deep and wide with an abundance of fire and wood; the breath of the Lord, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze. (Isaiah 30:33).  \n\nJesus said: Then he will say to those on his left. Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. (Matthew 25:41).\n\nThis is not a hate speech, this is love speech. Please don't trample on the Blood of Jesus. He wants to save you and set you free. I love each and every one of you, just like Jesus did on the cross for you and me.
Ok I think I got the controls. Wait what does this button do?
I like how this gets on the trending page
So that nigga in front died...
Weak ass missile... Had it been American it would have melted the camera
That's just how you get a ticket in Russia.
Did the guy walking towards the car dead???
YouTube doesn't trend videos that deserve to be trending but trends a video of someone being hurt or potentially killed. That's fucked up
*0:13* when you forget to tell your co pilot to hold your beer.
YouTube turns into Liveleak for one quick video
That car cut him off in traffic earlier in the day?
Tf is wrong with YouTube
First off HO-LY SHIT!!!! Secondly who's the badass who gives zero fucks at 0:22 whos not crawling for his life and taking a leisurely breeze walk?
Malfunction, you mean the Pilot was being a dick.
This happens bc somebody messed with Your Mom, apparently.
Pewdiepie can't say obama is a nigger, Hitler did nothing wrong, or Jews did 9/11 but google actively promotes some guy getting incinerated live on screen.
this is some Just Cause shit .
Well at least Russian CGI is getting better
Scared me to death
Если не только в стране, а и в армии бардак, то это - п.здец!
the target was the big truck it hit. If you don't want to get hurt, stay away from the target Dumbasses
Scared the fuck out of me I expected a helicopter to land or something.
It is odd to see this video among other entertaining materials. Seems that people are really interested in that. And YouTube doesn’t even try to check the contents!!
And this is trending why? The guy didn't die in the video and they claim it malfunction during training  (though must say how does something like that malfunction)
In Russia, human is target practice
The russian pilot was looking for his vodka bottle, in the helicopter cockpit.
Now that shit is what I call a demostration.
Are you hurt? Try a little harder next time.
Dude in the hoodie was totally banging the pilots wife
American news agency's: Trump blows up Russia with one missile
Never new what the buzz around Russia was seen so many stupid videos from them not being able to drive being pissed drunk embarrassing themselves starting and losing fights, nobody likes your corrupt dumb ass country
За пять дней учений Запад-2017 доблестная и славная военщина Хуйлостана(бывшая Россия) потеряла:\n\n— Командующего Воздушно-десантными войсками (ВДВ) России генерала-полковника Андрея Сердюкова\n\n— заместителя Главкома по воздушно-десантной подготовке генерала-майора Владимира Кочеткова\n\n— помощника главкома ВДВ\n\n— адъютанта главкома ВДВ\n\n—  трех хуйлостанских журналистов-пропагандонов\n\n— отделение из 6 саперов\n\n— корвет класса «Неустрашимый»\n\n— стратегический бомбардировщик Ту-22М3\n\n— учебно-боевой самолёт ЯК-130\n\n— машину управления БЛА комплекса РБ-341В «Леер-3»\n\nЭто только список, который попал в СМИ и подтверждён фото-видео материалами. Сколько там сейчас всего небоевых потерь не знает никто.\n\nЧто сказать???\n\nУчения удались во всю славу величия хуйлостанского(бывшего российского) оружия.
Я хочу, чтобы мировая война три
As a true American I can say with utmost certainty that the RUSSIANS ARE BADASSES. RESPECT.
Не бойтесь русских\nмы сами себя поубиваем
haha.chinko
おそロシア
嘘松
Amazing
COCKPIT VIEW: https://twitter.com/WarfareWW/status/910100004035055616
IM SHOOKED
Damn, Russia 😮
Whoops, to much vodka comrades!
Cyka blat
My Vietnam experience...
Well I guess... Oops...
ミサイルってこんなに早いんか…
gta world?
Only in Russia
Fuze was flying that helicopter
God damn it jerry.
Damn Russians always fucking shit up
Oh shit😱😱
Fucking idiot Russians
Is Dafuq Russian for WTF?
Aye....no vodka in helicopter next time commrades...
WTF did i just watch!!!
ouch
Holy fuck
какой же он тупой.....
cyka blyat
Remember... No Russian.
Га га гаsрцтаи
He dead...
To Be Continued
Vodka atack
strange nobody said cyka blyat
god these guys are morons
Half ass Russian pilots.
BLYAT
Quippy Comment
Rekted
That dude turns into lasagna
Haha lol did that fucker magically survive?
that escalated quickly
BLYAT!
おそロシア
Ya had one fuckin job
Aaaaaaaaaand I just shat myself.
Holy shit
This is sooo good! I can't stop listening to it!
Never heard this song before.. But great job on the song and video.. That drummer tho.. :) so much passion in his playing!! :) <3 Would LOVE to hear DMF sing on the next video of a KHS production maybe? :)
I love this singer❤
I love this so much then the original I have chills
i think this song sounds better with just a piano.It's supposed to be sad and raw
I was waiting for this cover Kurt I really like this song. I love what you do because your covers are never like others' I don't mean that the other ones are bad but you make something different for each songs that's why I love you \nxx
i wish i was half as talented as kurt
Always good covers with KHS and makes me aware of performers I haven't heard of previously to check out.
Alicaaa you're back on Kurt's channel!!
Это чертовски офигенно
SOOO much better than the original!
This is the best cover that i have ever heir !
They need to wear shoes n not socks... Lol sorry
Kurt, do a feature with William Singe. I have been waiting forever for that
Fell in love with this song already Thanks for the cover😭.
Sing  the cover of Zayn - Dusk Till Dawn
AWESOME!!!! as always. What's with the secret word thing though? btw, is that the kitchen in the background?
Great videos, but someone has to stop smoking in that room. xD
Very very good. I'm so waiting for this song to you guys cover.
Huge props to the camera guy/gal. Always a great job with the movement and timing!
Ooooh She's Wearing Shoes! :O Haha Just Kidding! Great Cover Though!
wow omg this is beautiful i love it so much omg yes
what key note does she use?
Hey guys I did a cover of this song too do check it out on my channel if you can
The guy on the drum and shake is totally try harding :P
Lyrics\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Great Cover! If someone reads this comment, it will make my day. I'm an aspiring musician 17 and new to YouTube and I promise that I have what it takes. Come watch my newest cover - this song! - and support me in achieving my dream 😊
Would have been better if they recorded it in a KITCHEN....\n\n\n\nI hate myself.
Love this song. Love you guys!
Learning this on bass ☺😊💞 sound so good ☺this reminds me of my best friends who i dont talk to anymore becaude of some reasons . He has lied to me ,broke my heart and broke me .
Hi sorry for the self promo but I’m a 14 year old and I just uploaded a cover of this amazing song. I’d be so grateful if anyone would check it out:)
Did anyone actually hear the guitar
Official page for covers😍😍
Of all the female covers of this song , only Sofia Karlberg & Alicia Moffet's are my favorites. SOUL INDEED! <3
*i covered the worst cover of charlie puth - attention on my channel, don't check it out. Thank youu*
This sounds so good. Every time before the original version I hear the Kurt version 😃👌🏻👍🏻
I want to say... Kurt you are one gifted man!  :)  You are so lucky to surround yourself with such great talented people.  All the best, I love what you do.
You must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
She is so pretty😍😍😍😍
Her voice! One second in, I hit like button. 😍
Please do a cover of 'Too Much To Ask' by Niall ....
That white piano is so classy. Helps that Kurt is playing it too. 😍
Damn girl your voice is amazing
Please cover Hard to love by Calvin Harris!!
Omg this so good please come check out my cover ! You won't regret it!
You are truly so talented I am amazed with every video <3
You should've have invited Max to do this as well
KHS always makes a better version than the original one.
Rain by the script please
Love this! And loved seeing Kurt playing the piano while wearing socks ; )
￼\n\nToo Good At Goodbyes\n\nSam Smith\n\nBuy for 1,29 €\n\nSUBSCRIBE\n\nSubscribe to Google Play Music and listen to this song and millions of other songs. First month free.\n\nLyrics\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Wow, that was awesome! Easily the best cover of this I seen so far, great job guys! I just did my own version of this song on my channel, would be amazing if anyone felt like having a listen :)
As much as I love your collaboration covers, it would be amazing to see another cover of yours where it’s just you on the piano singing with your amazing socks (like you did with can’t help falling in love).
please cover dusk till dawn by zayn malik
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
I'll b right back need to get some food from my kitchen
;)
Kurt wearing those sexy socks.
Omg j'adoreeee😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
goood work
Omg i love it
music is too loud where we cant hear the voice al the time....
Please make a cover of 'Dusk till Dawn' by Zayn Malik and Sia!!!
Absolutely amazing guys. I love listening to your covers.
I always love ur covers can u make a cover of airplanes in the nightsky  without the rap version
Once again, Theres Kurt playing 2 pianos (keyboard too) And yet here I am I can't get one key to sound like harmony...
Please Do an Avicii or a Calvin Harris mashup next!!!
I usually don't like this song, but YOU MADE ME LOVE IT.
Muito bom!!! Adoro a diversidade dos sons do Kurt
This guy deserves 10.m subscribers.
Si j'pouvais aimer la vidéo 100x, j'le ferais!!!❤️
💓💓💓
She sounds like rihanna
'kitchen'
nice
Awesome!
*PQP, VCS SÃO FODAS!*
Yas Licia 😍🔥 yassss David 🥁\n\nAWESOME cover 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
❤😍❤\nvery niiiiiice 💯
Idk how you guys sound sooooo perfect....In love with goodbyesz ♡
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🎤🎤🎤🎤
😍😍😍
I'm crazy about your voice 😍💗
Où sont les québecois qui la suivent depuis qu'elle est passée à lavoix? :)\nGros love du Qc !
❤❤❤❤
❤️😍❤️😍❤️😍❤️
Wow so qt voic I lop it
カッコイイ演奏！ボーカルだけ女の子だ、撮影用プロジェクターの光で反射するせっかくの金髪が綺麗なだけど、なんか時々ふわふわしてるから、演奏にチラつく、彼女の髪の毛結ぶかカットしたい。（笑   (日本語のまま失礼しました。)
well done
kitchen 💖
좋댜
Beautiful as always 💓
Clickbait...she looked like Peyton List😂
Dusk till dawn next. Pls 💗
The best! xxxx
Awesome!!!
THIS! IS! SO! AWESOME!!!!
Nancy Mulligan cover by Ed Sheeran \nPlease
Wowww, amazing!!💗💗
Honestly this is one khs cover I didn't like - I felt the vocalists voice didn't suit this song
Better the I can do
Thankyou for being a you tuber
Am I the only one who wants to know exactly all the make up she used??!!!
I love your and Gabbies videos because I'm having really bad days and you just help me laugh
thanks Liza this made my day!
Liza you should do the nuclear noodles challenge with Kristen or David!
It actually looks alot better than I thought love you
This is me when im just lazy to clean my makeup brushes....btw i love ya Liza im not a lesbian
My sister was gonna do a video for using real food for make up
This is the first video That she acts like a syco
the sad thing is that her makeup in this video is better than some girls at my school (by some girls I mean me)
Best part of this is that it's still pretty good
I watched this mainly because i was worried she would hurt herself.
Why does she have to be so funny
The sad part is...*lizzas makeup using hardware tools is better than the kids at my school using actual brushes and blenders...*
That is actually is really good!!
Does this comment exist in the comment section?
you should do thoughts on the toilet for a video
It isn't even bad the makeup 😂😂
I don't get the 4:20 thing can someone shed some light on me😭😭
I was born on 4/20!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love you Liza Koshy your so funny!!!!!
her makeup was better than i thought it would be lol
Lizzza is Sooo much cuter than Joey\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRead the description ;)
0:56 ah that noise idk why it just makes me uncomfortable \nAlso love you Liza ❤️
Get on broad city Liza!
it wasn't that bad love you liza
Your crazy 😜. I love your work shop
Can you do it with kitchen wear love you loads please like x
Please do more challenges
Wait! Where is the double chin in the intro face!!!??? Is it gone?
The slow mo killed me...😂😂😂😂😂😂
I live for Liza's puns. Oml when you used the drill I spit out my drink.
You are mentally ill. You need to get off YouTube and get yourself scrutinised
Oml I'm dying because I also have an akarmn for 4:20
wait who is helping her film??
U don't need fake eyelashes\n\n\n\n\n\nU need a mustache
She looks better than me when I don't have on makeup.
sorry Liza but I liked you better without that makeup
Watch when someone finds Liza is the emergency room 😂\nLove youuu♥️
I don't trust Liza with those tools lmao
No hate but she makes offensive hitler joke and everyone's fine with it but if pewdiepie does that he's on blast
I wish the Liza had her own comedy TV show on Netflix
You guys should check out \nNoah vicari on youtube and rhianna trail on youtube
I love this girl and she is such an inspiration for me and my channel, and if anyone feels like supporting a new YouTuber... I'll subscribe back 💕💕
She's a skater boy 😂😂😂
I wonder how she haven't gouge her eye out during this. I know i would.
Roses are light gray.\nViolets are dark gray.\nI'm colorblind.
You can be my 4th grade teacher
omg I love you so much
she is soooo funny
OML she looked pretty good. 😂
That 4:20 part tho 😅
LIZA IS CUTER THAN JOEY
MIC DROP
Mic drop armies❤️😂😂
Look at liza at 3:29
Philip!
Lightly sponsored video
Did somebody say mic drop
l like your videos
liza is cuter than joey
Liza is cuter than Joey
Naturally funny = Lizzzzzza Koshy
3:23 is pure gold
lol you suck suck dick lol
Ur makeup actually doesnt look that bad
She...still...looks...good \nFREAKING QUEEN😂
Liza is so funny and cute
the final look is what it usually looks like.
FIRST LIZA SAYS FUCK WHEN GABBIE PRANK CALLS HER AND THEN SHE SAYS PISS OF PEOPLE ON HER FIRST CHANNEL. GOD DANMMIT LIZA I AM FUCKING PISSED 😡.......
i think i got anxiety from watching liza put on her makeup with a drill it made me so nervous omg hIFAOWKEIO STYA SAFE LIZA
The eyebrows and eyeliner was actually really good
Can somebody please sub me I sub back
better than some girls at my school
GO SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL PLEASE
It doesn't look as bad as I thought it would
Check out Jessie B! She's a fun, gorgeous, kind Irish YouTuber who has 52k subs but deserves so many more!!😊
I just came back from Snapchat.... Liza it looks like you did drugs and got it all over your face.
Why does this look better than me trying to do my makeup😂
Me the day Liza became serious * Jump off my flat.*
Mic drop 😏\n\nWhere my ARMY's at?
Her make ups still better that mine
She does her makeup better with hardware tools then I do with my hands ✋🖐👋
-Her *hair* Is killing me
Little Black Stars where you at? 🙋🏼
Why does this look better than when I do it by hand 😂😂😂
I got Kim's contour kit! \n\nI'm dead
Hahaha
Omg!! Love you!
rihanna fenty who?\nmanny mua who?\njames charles who?
LOL
It looks really good wooow
AVRIL LAVIGNE
0:11 Skater boiiiii
😂😂😂😂
so funnyyy 😂😂
oh wow you dont have eyebrows
Liza is cuter dan joey
Do more musicly
😂😂😂😂
Let us all take a moment to appreciate the man holding open the lift.
Any body else see that news interview where he was called a poundland Donald Trump
Wtf YouTube trending 1.8k views\n3 comments YouTube doesn't have an agenda Xd
Lmao ambushed??
Oh just leave you idiot you've come to my school and even when I was 7 and didn't know who you were, I was very un-impressed and confused why everybody was fussing over a fake old man.
Lol he has hard nipples
#poundlanddonaldtrump
May's a fool for keeping him around and he's a fool if he thinks he can be PM.
He can't even sort his own collar out...
How is this 17 on trending with only 2k views?
ok resign..please
Boris did nothing wrong. Fuck off, Lefty tossers!
This 2k video doesn't look like something that is trending..... Hmm...
BoJo should be mayor of London still. Fuck sadiq khant
what a fat piece of shit. would love to see him run for prime minister, because he would crash and burn
Boris should be pm he's a right laff
Hmm... All pro boris comments are found at the bottom of the top comments list. How interesting.
Two faced slimy prick , and not just him , all the global elite fucks
Speaks his mind. so what.He can only be critised for the timing of his article
And so the UK wept
I was waiting for him to get punched in the head or get jumped pr pr something 😂
Ahahahgahga the fat piece of shit can't run to save his life \n\n\n\n\nSo why the fuck is he running for PM
Don't you think he looks tired?
Needs a bra doesn't he?
Boris for PM
Very nice
This shit is trending why?
Gibberygobbila...
Leftys, pls go away
New Video About False Masculinity and Marriage! Be Sure To Check It Out And Subscribe For More!!!!! <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K57NzzpLAo
No I want him to be prime minister
UK is cuck3d by liberals
Poor Borris
Boris pissed of the right people fair play to him one of the few conservatives you're allowed to like
Jesus, can everyone relax about that guy? I get that nobody asked for his opinion and that Sammi wasn't checking her reflection or worrying about her looks, but maybe he just tried to be nice, that's all. Sometimes I feel like people aren't being feminist anymore but downright misandrous.
Indy's face with the caption Pub lunch Terrible service at 2:08 made my day lol😂
I miss Jason's cooking videos!!!
love anthropology!!!
He saw you looking at yourself and probably thought he was being kind putting your mind at rest. Yes I would of been embarrassed if he said it to me but I really don't think it deserves so much hate. I don't know, difference of opinions I guess.
Saaaaaammm, I'm OBSESSED with those earrings! Soooo nice!  And that red lip is everything, especially the particular red you chose matches your skin beautifully. This was a great vlog, and of course, so happy I got my little Indie fix! LOL. Oh, and as an aside: The font writing is too white, and too small; could barely read it.
Take a sip of water every time Sam says pots\n\nStay hydrated!!!
I've had plants for 40 plus years. You need to buy pots with drainage holes to prevent root rot. Get some landscape fabric and cut out to fit at bottom of pot to prevent dirt from escaping. Also buy saucers to put your pots on to collect water run off. There's a really good YouTube channel called Garden Answer and you'll learn so much from Laura. From outside plants to indoor as well as succulents. I think you'll Really enjoy her channel. Best of Luck! Oh and Indie is scrumptious!
Sam, firstly, can I squish Indy (without hurting her!) bc she’s THAT ADORABLE!!! How can a child be THAT cute?!! I LOVE her!! Also, I know curly hair can be a B and so can London weather, but here’s a tip (I do h&M in fashion & adv, and, I have curly hair!) if you take a few sections around your face, front hairline....and time permitting, scatter a few more pieces here and there..there’s a quick easy way to have it feel more polished (but still wild!). That is, take a smaller iron,  1/2 - 3/4 inch, to match your curl, more or less, and simply smooth out a few pieces-  bang area, front, temple, and a piece or 2 behind the ear (but leave the end out-it’s sexier and will blend well) I shampoo, then diffuse, then curl, and it stays for days-or even when you just want to freshen up the look and not wash it...curl a few pieces! It gives a soft sexy look- I get compliments left and right! You looked HOT regardless (over the lip colour on you!) just wanted to share...in case u were interested! <3
Where did you buy your phone case from?
I love your hair when it's really curly!
How do you keep Indie out of your plants? I want to green up my place but I don't want to constantly repot because of little digging hands lol
Sam you look AMAZING! &  also I'm in looooove  with your new bag! xoxo
You always make me miss london\nLove you 😘
Im burning angel food cake candle rn too!!!!! love it
Those pots were really cute! I like hearing about pots and all the homewear you get. I'm 26 and more into styling my home so please continue to share all your home decor tips!
Just an FYI it all you so called feminist. Being a feminist doesn't mean hate for men! Or anything that a men can do a women can do better. It means equality for all! Black, white, Hispanic,  Asian , lgbttq,  disabled, men and women! I dnt when it turned into a man bashing movement .
The amount of random catcalling you catch in your vlogs is - well, I'd like to say it's surprising but it's not haha. Jesus. Old men need to quit it.
Enjoying the vlogs but please for the love of god stop using the super tiny white font in your videos. Some people are watching you on their iPhones and I genuinely want to read what it is you're inserting but I really can't. Pleaaaaase.
Great video i need some plants in my home 🌷
*Are you lооking fоr hot dates in your nеighbourhood?*

dXhDtNRYc4Y,\n *Theу hеrе ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=dXhDtNRYc4Y_993357
Loved coming along to fashion week! Loooved the outfit :))
Hey make sure your pots have drainage holes (or place those small plastic pots inside of them) otherwise your plants might drown/die. Especially the succulents!
Have you seen the cute googley eye pot on urban outfitters website? And they have other designs too :)
i have missed your vlogs so much! <3
Love love love your new bag! xxx
Love your new handbag animal print is my fav because you can use it as a neutral and it can go with so many different outfits
this was such good vlog! love seeing more of you + Jason <3
the song at the versus show was 'spliff' by the austrian band bilderbuch- they are so so good!
I love plants too
I love your style! You're so confident I love it
I love your phone case where can I buy it! I know it's comme de garçon but where do I get it !!
Please share how you look after a plant... I just killed a cactus 🌵😩
Hi, sorry could is the missing word!  Sorry. ☹️
We are a new family daily vlog channel! Can we please get a shout out to help our channel grow!
Loved this vlog! And you of course!! What song was used during the first fashion show?
Miss Jason in the vlogs, love how real you guys are. I know he is private, but do appreciate his appearances 😀
OMG Indie's face at 2:07, together with the caption reading 'pub lunch. terrible service'. I died. So n'sync.  Haha!
Hi Sam! Just to say that the &OS earring suit you so well, you look so good in them, with that black top and eyeliner... omg gorgeous!! \nloved also your vlog backstage at FW! \nx
Sam, sorry if this has been mentioned already. Pls could you share where indies high chair is from and  whether you find it easy to clean. Thanks!
Your day to day boring (as you quote) life is so relaxing to watch, btw you look amazing in both looks in this vlog
Love that little round pot with the ridges...I think you should keep it...And you sweatty glow looked beautiful.
I really enjoyed this one Sam!! Liked the bits at home planting pots, then feeding Indie, to getting all glam and being at shows. Really showed how diverse most peoples lives are between outside and inside the home :)
You were just killing all the outfits in the video!! 👏🏿 love you Sam😘
You look amazing! I've thought about it every time I've watched one of the videos you've made since you came back from your holiday and now I'm finally writing it 😊 Your new pants with that black shirt and your beautiful hair 😍 Your videos are the only ones on YouTube I watch all of 😅 It just makes me happy... you are so real, living your dream, looking amazing - even when you are not feeling at your best ❤️ and it's a true joy when we get to follow you (almost) every day 😃
As someone who has no clue on plant names... 'my mother in law's tongue' threw me a bit ha ha! Such a great vlog as usual though :)
I LOVE that angel food candle from Anthro! I need to get another one, it smells divine 😍
Samantha Maria, I Loove you! I want to see you someday..
I was worried about you when I heard the another attack in London. Stay safe Sam!!
Love love love the blue jeans you're wearing at the end, I think they look so flattering where are they from?
Where is your black top from (one at end)? Love it x
who else goes to the loo or to make tea when a 36 second ad appears on Sams video lol. okay video see you in a bit.
Love your vlogs so much! I'd really like to see and know jason more but I can also understand if hes uncomfertable
u are an inspiration
Im really getting into plants too! but more terrariums with cactus and succulents they're super easy to maintain. LOVE the pot haul
I just realized how lovely black clothes are on you! 😍 It really suits your skin tone. Could you please consider doing a lookbook featuring mostly black?
Omg I love your outfit 😻 you always look so fly
Your vlogs are really lovely to watch and so relatable. Im not married or have a child, but I feel like I just get you :)
IM IN LOVE WITH THAT BAG WOW!
you are giving me 70's retro vibes with a modern twist....<3
Sammi: might put my mother in laws tongue in this\nMe, someone with zero knowledge on horticulture: damn wtf she can't be that bad surely
Samantha u r one of the most genuine  n sweetest vlog gers.
Bring the bangs back! You look so good with them! And without but you know what I mean lol
You look so pretty in this vlog. You always look pretty but you're glowing so much... sending love from Trinidad❤️
totally get it Sammi, big highlight for you. well done for getting to this point. your outfit for LFW was amaze, need those pants :)\nlongtime fan x
Yes 😭! I miss vlogs, I've been watching old ones. I feel so calm now thank you girl 💗😌
I am lovvvvvving the dangling earrings on u!! idk how, but they compliment ur eyes!!
I really enjoyed this video, best fashion week that I've seen.
Buy larger pots! They'll die without enough root room - buy one that feels roomy.
Hello from Canada 🇨🇦 xoxo 😘 I love love love ❤️ your look at the end of this video!!! And those earrings!!! Wow! Beautiful:)
Jason eating dry bagels is soo triggering, I used to do that when there's no food in the house 😂😂😂
Hahaha at the beginning I thought you said I'm going to put my mother in law's tongue in 😂
I can't see all those captions on my phone. Please, use the biggest font possible! Lol
yay maje ... the best ever....if your ever in birmingham selfridges do come to ourl concession  we would love to make your shopping experience a memorable one x
The Maje bag is beautiful !
16 £ for one bowl OMG
Yasss Jason!!
I'm really enjoying your      vlogs!
Looking gorgeous! Xx
THAT FIRST UTIFT IS BOMB! SLAY SAMMI!! ❤️
Love your vlogs Sammi! That leopard print bag 😍
Love your lipstick 💄 what colour please
loved your outfiiittt
Loved this vlog, you look amazing. <3
More pots and plants
Realising Jason is liteeerrallly Jon Snow. Their accents are identical!\n#winteriscoming
You look so beautiful!
That maje bag is everything 🔥🔥
You look fabulous Sammy!
OBSESSED with that bag 😍😍😍😍
It's truly funny to me how up in arms people are over a man telling a woman she looks beautiful...
Maybe people should look at how women are treated in countries like Afghanistan. Then a simple, friendly comment from a man who probably thought he was being nice wouldn't be such a big deal.
I honestly believe that man was just trying to be complimentary. I'm sure his intentions were innocent.
That was fun to see the Fashion Week footage; right now Vancouver Fashion Week just started too! (Vancouver BC Canada) My daughter is a model in it, and it's a bit of a family event. Fun. Thanks for the vid, enjoyed it!
AGH I get SO frustrated when a guy tells you something like Oh, don't worry, you look great without being asked, especially when it's an older man.  I feel like with younger guys, they should know better so I don't feel bad telling them that I don't really care what they think, but I find it so hard with older/elderly men who think they are being nice and don't realize how intrusive they are.  Instead, I'm stuck standing there thanking them for what they think is a compliment.
Shout out to the Vegan activists sabotaging the event due to the all the animal use with skins and furs being used :)
loved the plant and pots bit 🌿👌
what does pot mean? i am from austria .P
Omg that guy coming up to you and your fake laugh 😂😂😂 I don't think men realize how uncomfortable they make women when they do things like that lol.
Links from this episode below! 👇 YOU CHOOSE the design I'll make in an upcoming episode - vote here! --- http://craftsy.me/2xclDDA\n\nGrab this chocolate carrot cake recipe --- http://craftsy.me/2fw0cWo\n\nGrab this cream cheese frosting recipe --- http://craftsy.me/2hbwUjt\n\nCheck out my steampunk molds on the episode roundup --- http://craftsy.me/2w44KJU\n\nRead up on what the crew is excited about for this season of Man About Cake --- http://craftsy.me/2wq6gu6
One of my favourite descriptions of steampunk is old times power with new time items like a Lazer gun with magnifying glasses on the back so it's focuses the sun or something along those lines.
Make a Disney beauty and the beast cake
I would really like another Man cake or a Healthy Cake with healthy substitutions
By Far the BEST stea\nm punk cake on YouTube!!!
This cake looks fucking amazing....annndd...my 4 yr old just asked me to make it for her next birthday. Thanks. Dude. Hahaha
Can you do a video where you have one of your camera men try to make a cake just by you explaining it to the? would be pretty funny.
You are so good with the cake. Well done
You should do a meet the crew video
You should do a colab with Yolanda from how to cake it
make a cake with lots of Disney characters on it
It’s like Yo’s the Queen of cakes and you’re the King.
Can you make the kardashian birthday cake
I'm dying to see a Labyrinth themed cake!  My favorite movie of all time.
I feel like I’m cheating on Yolanda
I would love to see a Montana theme! Maybe you could do a few states!
The only thing I dislike about this cake is the fact that the clocks both show different times.
Love love love!!!!! My favorite cake of yours!! And I want those clock molds so bad!!
Why does the cake rise only on the sides?
JJR - In a previous episode, i thought you said cream cheese melts fondant and therfore shouldnt be used as a crumb coat. But for the steam punk cake, which was awesome, you used cream cheese buttercream. Am i just making this up, or missing something, or both?
This cake is so cool looking. I agree when Nikita Holmes says to make an Alice in Wonderland cake.
You should do a collaboration with How To Cake It... I think you guys would be awesome!! Love your videos btw!! :)
Can you collaborate with Yolanda from How to Cake it??? Pleeease
Love it!!!! I have a obsession with clocks!
I think the crew members need to be in a video helping  him... :D
Can you make video games cake
I swear you're just a male version of Yolanda
*ahem*........ HOW.....
WOOOOOAAAAHHHH! MONA LISA! YOU'RE GUARANTEED TO RUN THIS TOWN! WOOOOAAAAHH! MONA LISA! I'D PAY TO SEE YOU FROWWWWNN!
I love the bonsai tree cake!
autumn theme cake please !!!!
Pleaseee do a collab with Yo from How To Cake It
please collaborate with HOW TO CAKE IT!!
Why can't you be original, this show is just like <How to cake it> not good!
I realized something\n\n\nWouldn't Brandon and Jocelyn(from how to cake it)  get along
Plzzz collab with how to cake it ❤ i love both your chanels so much
Omg! This is the mother of the cakes! It's beautiful just like everything you make ! But this!!!! This is raw!!
This video was amazing!\nSincerely,\nA new sub
This cake is ridiculously fabulous! As a former steampunker, I approve! Would you do a 12 tall Tardis cake?
Please do a collab with 'How to cake it' :)
I 💜 this! This might be my new fave  @manaboutcake
Please, you should collaborate with 'how to cake it'!!!! You two make the most amazing cakes!! :)
Yolanda Game \nHow to Cake it
You should totally find a way to be on the show cupcake wars, I know that cakes are your thing but u could be amazing on it!! You could definitely win with your wonderful cake ideas!!
YAY I MISSED YOU and your deliciousness. Oh and your cakes. 
Omgoodness! I made your chocolate carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting for a coworker's bday and it turned out FANTASTIC!! I only wound up using half the frosting for the cake, tho. The other half I slowly ate with a spoon over the course of the next month. It was delicious and amazing. I would also love if at some point you did a whimsy cake!
Brandon is the Jason of Man About Cake #GTLive
YOOO I LOVE CHIPS TOO NEVER BE ASHAMED CHIPS ARE THE BEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They are all pretty good, I wanna see all of them.
first video ive ever seen by them and im subbing already welp
I was so excited to stumble across your channel... until I realised that you're videos seem to totally be copying Yolandas (how to cake it) 🙁
Lol I love the way he expressed punk
It'd be epic if you could do a collab with Yolanda (how to cake it). Also, here's a vote for a mad hatter/garden tea party cake. ❤️
Kind of Hopeing the bonsai tree cake wins. Mainly because A.) It could be a Green tea or different flavored tea cake, B.) The trees bushes could be lightly dusted in different colors so it can look seasonal and such, and C.)I really wanna see the out come of hat it will look like :D
I love that he eats his crumbs
This cake is amazing. My son asked me to comment for him and request a super hero cake. Really enjoy your channel.
A REPEATED SHIRT!!!! Is it me or has their shirts never been repeated before.... until now😂😂😂
Have you ever thought to do a collaboration with how to cake it?
can you plz make a kraken?? L🖤VE ur vids btw! i love cake (lol) and this is the first vid ive seen of yours and its absolutely magical how you let ur imagination flow but still keep that element of realism! 🖤 gonna go watch all your other vids now! KEEP UP THE DOPE VIDS
Looking for modeling chocolate recipe, please share...
Must've been time consuming to make
Can you make a harry potter cake!!!!!\nLike if you agree
Who remembers his food network days omg thats how i discovered you, my fave decorator ever!!
if you haven't already, you should collaborate with Yolanda Gampp on how to cake it
Super super super ammmazing... Never seen anything like this before..... Hats off JJR
Where can I find u cake recipes
Make a video with Yolanda from how to cake it please!!!!!!!!
I'd love it if you did a bachelorette party cake!!!
Why do you use corn starch on the modeling chocolate for some things, but powdered sugar for other parts? Is there any specific reason?
You should make an ombré cake that would look so cool💕
Can you make an Alice in Wonderland cake? :3
Nightmare before Christmas cake would be wicked
Peoples asking him to collaborate with Yolanda, try to think about them and take a moment to look at their technique.. Sorry to say that but Yolanda is definitively more professional and meticulous and like using rules and measurement...\nI love him too, but it's like telling to Leonardo Da Vinci to work with Picasso.. I love both of them but they don't belong in the same god damn univers.\nI think both of them would not enjoy it at all...
Can you please collab with Yolanda a.k.a how to cake it.
this is amazing !
😍😘
make something the kingsman themed!
Can you make like fandom cake?
WOW that cake looks AMAZING!
do moana MOAAAANAAAAAAAAA
😍❤ Genio!!!!!
This cake is insane! Wow!!!
something anime related!!!!
Halloween themed cake!!!
Ijustin
I missed you guys!
bonsai cake pls!!!
Collab w\ Rosanna pansino plz I already reminded her
Amazing cake and amazin man show 👍👍👍👍
awesome... like always
Love it!
That is the COOLEST CAKE EVERRRR!!!!! 😎
pennywise 2017 👌👌
Oml your amazing
Hell yeahhh more video pliizzzzz
Il love  steampunk
واااااااو  waaaaaaaaaaaaw
I love it!!
Chocolate carrot cake? Um ew lol
A unicorn cake!! 🦄🦄🦄🦄
In most of the interviews mike and chester were together, fucking sad now Mike is alone and he's in pain 😭
I can hear the pain in his voice, it's so clear... But that has only increased my love and respect for Mike. In spite of everything that has happened and how it affects him, he still talked to us. And not only through social media but now also on the radio. I can't even imagine how he - and the other guys&Chesters family of course - must feel. The fact that he reaches out to us is just... it's just downright special and emotional and ugh I don't even have the words. I'm really fucking proud of him, and I know that the LP family will always have not only his back, but also the other guys' and Chesters family their backs. One day at a time. We will remember Chester forever <3 Always in our hearts #MakeChesterProud #fuckdepression
It´s like medicine to hear his voice again <3
Its Nice to Hear Mike Voice After 2 months.
If Mike ever sings that song himself there will be tears
Hey I'm thinking about you. I care. And sometimes that's enough.    Well.. Freaking true. It's so relieving to hear his strong words too, though.
It’s so hard to see that things are moving on without Chester, those 2 month felt kind of empty for me, and for a lot of people here i guess...\nBut it really helps to hear mike’s voice...\n\nThank you LPA to share this with us !\nDoes anyone know if there will be a live stream of the show ?\n\nAnyway, i think it’s such a symbolic date to honor his memory, just a few days after hybrid theory’s birthday.
Will it be streamed for those of us around the world. \nI would sell my kidneys and liver if it meant I could attend this event, but it's not possible for me. \n\nCome on, please there's got to be some way you could let all those who care to be part of it.
We love you Mike!!! You are #MakingChesterProud
How can pple even think of disliking this!
My heart goes to LP, the fans, the families, and everyone. Chester and all of LP have helped me and many, many of us through the years! One More Light makes me cry every single time. And I wish one of us could have reached Chester the way he reached us.
There's no way in hell it's been 2 months already since he's been gone.....omg.........
I sense the pain but fortunately he sounds calmed as well. I pray depression never gets you Mike, remember the love of not only your family and friends but all your true fans. Peace.
Who's gonna be singing chesters parts???
i wish i had the money and a way to go to Hollywood bowl for the memorial show
So great to hear Mike in an interview like this. You can tell how broken up he is, but he's still keeping his head up. Good for you Mike. Stay strong, Shinoda. The fans still need Linkin Park. We need you guys.
Mike's voice never ceases to be medicine to my soul. Thank you, so much Mike, for being the strength for the fans and the genuine spirit who never stops caring. Who cares if one more light goes out? Well, WE do!!!
Really hope they live stream October 27th 🙏
Who were the 24 people that disliked this?
You can feel the change in the way he talks.... :(
And a DVD/B-ray of this show just to be fair to every fans around the world
Is the concert also going to be send out live on YouTube or Facebook?  I really want to see it live.
Thank you so much for sharing this. As a fan the lost of Chester really hurt. I cannot begin to understand what his family and close friends are going through. :(
it is so nice to hear your voice Mike,i love you,Chester and Linkin Park  forever in my heart.
I whis I could come to the consert but it to far away.
the great thing about this interview is that you didn't ask any specific questions about the passing of Chester.
Chester's death was a very painful memory but I cant believe that Mike can hold in all that sadness
I cried during this whole interview.
Man it's so nice to hear Mike and just anything about how they're all doing. 💜
If us,the fans,are broken i can't imagine what his family and rest of the band are going through
Jesus has it been two months already? Damn feels just like yesterday. Miss you Chaz
I have been a fan since the beginning. I am now 54 and still with them.  My heart was broken and still hurts.. so good to hear Mike so positive.
I hope they get austin carlile for the oct 27 tribute concert.
THANK YOU FOR THIS LPASSOC. JUST WANT TO ADD....I WOULD LOVE TO\nSEE LP CONTINUE ON WITH\nJUST THE FIVE OF THEM, NO NEW LEAD SINGER, MIKE IS NOW THE NEW LEAD, MIKE SHINODA HAS \nA GREAT VOICE❤
Every time Chester screamed I do toward the end of One More Light=goosebumps.
Right now it's good to hear Mike. It's good to hear a follow up.
2 months? thats fucking crazy, yet people like already dont care. probably because we get new information so fucking quick n more new news over n over than people jus forget. we need to like get rid of this way of getting information, i dont think its good for us
Mike is such a great nice guy. This was a good interview and very touching.
I am glad to hear Mike's voice. I'll hope everyone is okay. Dave, Hahn, Rob and Brad too. It is very dark time losing someone we loved. \nThank you so much for making this interview. At least, I know any progress about them. \n\nPS: I don't have twitter, facebook and instagram. So, I am kinda outdated to get the news.
The Two months since Chester passed away... was enough thank you... bye
I can't believe people have disliked this video smh
pain in his voice... But good to hear Mike's laugh.
idk why i find this hole chester thing suspect but who knoes
Please don't stop Linkin Park. \nPlease continue your fantastic Job. \nI love you guys.
Glad to hear Mike Sounding so well!
earphones on and closed my eyes\n. i don't want to get distracted from hearing his voice, after a while. and to hear he sounded okay.. make me feel okay.\nthank you for this. :')
Wish I could be at the upcoming event. \nGreat to hear from Mike!
So who's excited for new Fort Minor tracks?
It felt SO GOOD to hear his voice again
Is there any chance of that tribute concert being broadcast online for other fans throughout the U.S. and around the world who won't be able to attend?
So good to finally hear Mike's voice... Thank you so so much for uploading this.
I am very grateful for this
Just started on youtube to capture all the shit me and my mates get up to so any views, likes, dislikes or subs would help but shit i wont loose sleep if im still on 0 in 3 years 😂😂
Mike is so strong, I am so proud of him and LP. Its a heavy time for them, for us, for all fans. Its good to hear him. Stay strong, guys <3
Damn it, I cannot help crying just looking at the comments.
Thank you Mike , is this show going to be recorded or live broadcast so fans like me from Europe can see it too?
thank you for posting this
There's a reason he's 'The Glue'
Thank you so much LPA  for uploading this interview
I hope that there will be a live stream or something for the fans all over the world who can not be there
I got my tickets to this show today. I hope this will be a good time for everyone, and a source of some closure.
I love u guys so much and I am very sad that I can't come to the show in honour of Chester just because I am living so far away😔
3:20 one more light - how this idea pop out - heart breaking story </3
I'm so happy to hear Mike's voice again. I can't even begin to imagine how tough it must be for him, the rest of the band and Talinda. You guys handle it with a lot of care and dignity, and I wish you all the best in the future. Won't be able to see you guys live unfortunately, but I will always be there, making tributes and doing my best to support you. Thank you for everything.
Much love and respect Mike and LP and all Chester's fans, and family!
Such a Great Person.. stay strong r.i.p chester bennington 😭 he's an Angel now
😢💔💔💔 so much love to the #LP and the family rest in peace chester bennington xxxxx
He definitely was choking up while talking about the making of One More Light. I feel horrible for him and the rest of the band plus Chester's family.
Mike is really in pain.......rip chester
I like that they didn't ask him about Chester's death and just let him speak a little bit about it
Wish you all the best Mike, the hole band and Chesters family..❤❤
In the tribute concert I would like to see the band members together sing One More Light to end the show, makes me tear up just picturing that in my mind.
Thank You Mike for this from 🇩🇪
This broke my heart a little.  But I needed this. I really hope they come back to tampa fl and do something.  I need to see them and cry out . Not to sound like a little bitch,  but this band has been in my life sense the 9th grade and I'm 33 now
it's very comforting to hear mike's voice
He really likes to say the meat and potatos XD
Its been 2 months...2 months of sadness.R.I.P Chester Bennington.
it's so good to hear his voice. the guys are so strong and i know that they're gonna get through this even though the hole in their hearts will never be filled by anyone else ever again. i miss Chester so much and i know that he'd be proud of everything the guys are doing. i love them so much and hearing Mike's voice and his laugh gives me comfort in this hard time ❤️
This is so hard to listen to but it was nice to hear Mike again. Thank you for uploading this.
I love Mike. He is such an inspiration as well
Keep strong.
So nice to hear from you, Mike. Sending you much love and wishing to be there at Hollywood Bowl on October 27.
Thank you for uploading this :)
Thank you for sharing.
LP43V3R
This just came up in my recommendations and the first thing i thought was 'how can Mike be so strong about this'. He is amazing and i love them so much 😊
The fact that he had the strength to talk like this , makes u hopeful and to be more positive. #staystronglp thank you for this
#RipChester 😢😢😌😌❤❤❤💔💕💕
GTA 3
Tearing me apart💔
Thank you. Love you Mike ❤️
Breaks my heart ........
The Best!!!!!!!! Hungary
Kevin & Bean!
Thanks for this
Mike <3
Como tw extraño Chester la banda que ara sin ti has dejado un vacío en el corazón y en el alma tanto dolor 😢
I was my whole life a big fan of this band and there is this last consert! as a normal guy from vienna i guess there is never been a way to get there and listen to them but i hope they stream the shit out of there so i can watch it at home <3\n\nThanks Mike for this great Interview!!!
thankyou so much for this Mike , LP4LIFE!!!!
You can hear it in his voice that he's still hurt. I feel for the guy but it's pretty amazing to hear his voice and to hear Kevin and Bean lift his spirits up. Good interview.
I went to the match and there was barely anyone there in the stands lol
Dele that goal made my cock hard
Assist for the birthday boy!
Dele is best
why couldn't you stream it? Selfish
thats what we and trippier need to do especially in these type of games beat your man and square in in the danger area. Not sideways  or back passes, and even when we get in them areas son shoots all the time for goodness sake.
Enjoyed Spurs TV VLOG but I guess grandpa would have scored this goal by Dele!  Spurs fans seem like good guys!
Hey What's up from Ireland Sidney here uuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm i love u spurs uuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm i love come on you spurs im watching u on my ps4 pro ps4 pro ps4 PlayStation vr rules
If Eriksen would've been on it would have ended atleast 3-0 Spurs
Upload the whole match, please
Well played Trippier, such an improvement on last year
Cheeky feature in this video lol, was nice to see this goal being directly behind it
trippier plays better than aurier
Celebration??
Easy tap in 😄😄😄😄
Trippier 💪
GG Dele...
Killer instinct
Trending with 9.5k views👏👍
Its lookalike a friendly game
20k attendance Hahahahahaha.
Wembley.....urrrrggghhhh...😕
What a massive club 23,000 fans lol
ALL THE FEELS 🤗 so proud :) x
r.i.p troyler
Happy 10 year Tyler 😸😸
happy 10th year tyler
♥️
Congrats!! Love you sfm!!!
Awww. Congrats loveee! You're one of my first subscribed YTers. Love yaaa!
I really cried omggg
I’m crafting so bad! 😭
♥️AGHH
Aww congratulations Tyler 🎉 Marcus was missing tho
Aw
LIZA IS SO CUTE
Casper 🤔
Happy anniversary babe
Congratulations a 🎉
Liza died fifth In Escape the night
WHERE WERE DANIEL HOWELL AND PHIL LESTER
best thing i’ve seen all day!! i love you tyler!! you have inspired me so much over these 10 years. i’m so excited for what you have in store for me, many others, especially yourself. keep up the good work bud! i’m very very proud!!
Tyler- Congrats on a decade of growth and accomplishment. You've kept it real and fun but have done so much good for the world. You were one of the first youtubers I started watching and instrumental in inspiring me to be brave enough to come out, come what may. Thank you so much. I hope whatever you do in the future you keep doing it with joy, love, and honesty. ❤
Hello Tyler Oakley! I have been a fan of yours since 2010 or earlier one of my favorite videos of yours is when you did the chicken nugget challenge with Cory.  When ever I'm feeling down I always watch your videos. Congrats on 10 years on YouTube!
Tyler I love you so much! I saw you speak at vlogger fair and almost got to meet you but couldn't☹️You inspired me to ignore the haters and continue trying to make YouTube videos. You've been my Queen Tyler since 2007 and I'm forever grateful that you are who you are! Love you Queen💙
im not crying my eyes are just sweating
I've been watching you and subscribed since 2013. You really are such an inspiring guy and you can make me laugh no matter what mood I am in. I know you say you don't want to, but I hope you keep creating YouTube videos for the next ten years as well. Love you Ty.
I remembered your first video you were doing weird faces
Hannah and his dad made me tear up!
Hey Tyler! I've only been watching you for a year but I can't even begin to explain what a profound impact you have had on me. As a member of the LGBT+ community, it's so amazing to see you be so open and honest with who you are. I am also profoundly deaf, and the fact that you caption your videos is one of the reasons why I started watching you in the first place. I am extremely grateful for that because it makes it so much easier for me to understand. I know you are probably sick of hearing this, but you've done so much these past ten years and I know that the future brings even better things for you. You are such a positive influence and have touched the lives of so many. Never stop being you. Take care!
But no really, we gotta congratulate the king of youtube Tyler. He’s such a great advocate for the LGBT+ community, constantly supporting people in their times of need, keeping such a positive attitude even when times are dark, and being an all out amazing human being. We love you Tyler and we hope to see so much more in the future.
Hey, Tyler! Congrats on 10 years! I went to your Slumber Party show in Seattle and we met at the Meet & Greet before the show. You were so nice. :) You are one of my inspirations and I love your videos! Take care!
Happy 10yr anniversary Tyler!!!!! Love ya to death 🤗
Think one of my favourite memories of you was your boyfriend tag with troye❤️ still waiting patiently to meet you though!!!!!!! Love you tyler
I told myself I wasn't going to cry before I started watching this....I failed
Dayummmm Joe looked even more hot than usual here what the honk 😍😍
Not to be weird but your dad is pretty hot 🔥 🔥 🔥
5 years of hearing your laugh here on youtube and making me smile is my most favorite memory and Happy 10 years Tyler!!
A BIG OLE ROLE MODEL DOES ANYONE REMEMBER
i love you so much tyler!!!! i started watching your videos about 5 years ago and you were one of the first youtubers i absolutely fell in love with!!! i haven’t watched your videos in quite sometime but i’m so proud of what you have done these past 10 years and when i do occasionally watch a video of yours i absolutely love it!!! you’re so talented and inspiring!! keep it up ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
My favourite moment was when you tweeted that you had a bad day amd that you get it but it gets better and you're here. And I fell in love you your personality rifht there cause I didn't see anything getting better then you made me smile and I needed at that point, so thank you. Also Happy 10 years and 5 days on YouTube! Here's to maybe 1 more? Or just ya know another tour cause boi I need to meet you <3
I have been here since 2012, you were the second channel I ever subscribed to. You inspire me every single day, even if I don't watch you as often as I used to. I have laughed and cried watching your videos, even both at the same time. You are one of my biggest role models in life and I'm so glad I follow you and I am so glad I have had the pleasure to see you live multiple times at VidCon. Thank you for what you do. I love you so so much.
Haven't watch your video in years.  You look like shit
Wow you’ve exsisted as long as the kardashians
Wow I was 5 when he started
YAAAY Tyler congrats you're one of  the most amazing and inspiring people and we will always be there for you. KEEP WERKIN IT BOY ✨
aww this is so sweet! happy 10 years tyler 🎉
My favorite memory was when you made that helium video with Marcus!!!!
Oh my god Tyler also I love you so much you are absolutely hilarious happy 10 years!
Tyler, the first video I ever found was yours was The Witch’s Rap. I am so proud to be your fan & so proud of your accomplishments.
I've been watching you for almost 8 years now, and the fact that you're still going strong makes me so happy and proud of you. You put passion into everything you do and I love that. Happy ten years Tyler!!! :)))
What an amazing journey you have been on Tyler! My favourite memory was the life boards you made back in the day and the thirst you had for Darren Criss! Then you got to interview him! 😂 I think I speak on behalf of everyone when I say thankyou for sharing your story and helping all of us to feel comfortable sharing ours! You're an amazing person and truly deserve all the success! We love you!! ❤️
Oh it is easier watching you and Kory endure the chicken nugget challenge, I wouldn’t wish that on anyone, but you two chose to do it so😂
This is so cute 💖💖
It triggered me when Tyler spelt Caspars name wrong
the clip from your first video took me BACK... nostalgic for old youtube days. the lighting, the style and quality of the videos, the freshness of it all. I kind of miss it tbh. Its insane how much it has evolved over the last 10 years. I remember first following you on 5awesomegays and look at you now. Congrats on 10 years Tyler <3
My favorite memory is when my parents came home from Christmas shopping and told me that met you at JcPenney's lol
Awwwe Tyler. I know it doesn't mean the same as all of these other people who you actually know and love but I do promise one day we shall meet and collab!! And I will tell you and you let you know how inspiring you are dude! I feel like our energies would be so compatible together hahaha YOULL SEE! Love ya dude!! Keep on keepin' on!!
I. AM. EMOTIONAL. 😫. This video is so true and adorable. Happy 10 years Tyler!
Woah it’s been such a journey!!! I’m so happy for you Ty this past 4 years watch my your videos has been great and you are one of the reasons for it. You’ve hanged so many lives for the good and you’ve given so much to this society which I’m super grateful for. LOVE U SO SO SO SO MUCH!!! 💜💜💜💜I hope one day we will give each other a hug)
Where is Alex Wassabi and Shane Dawson. BTW Happy 10 Years
How crazy is it that tyler has been on youtuber for 10 years  and he has 7 mil. Logan Paul has been vlogging for 1 year and he nearly has 12 mil
HE SPELT CASPARS NAME WRONG😭
This made me cry 💙 Congrats, Tyler!
WGERE WERE DAN AND PJIKLLKL
Congrats! We love you :))
Where's dolAN
10 BLOOMING YEARS OMG!!!!!!!!!
😭😭😭❤️
Caspar**
HMM ... Joe Sugg..*fans himself* literally ME
I'M CRYING
MY EYES ARE SWEATING
Your haircolors are my favorite memory
Love you ❤❤
I love you I love you happy ten years babe
TYLER YOU'RE THE BEST!!! STAY AS COOL AS YOU ARE
literally crying so hard. tyler i love u & happy 10 year anniversary 💗😭 u deserve the world
THIS MADE ME SMILE his reaction to Joe sugg though SAME
Well dang this made me cry... Congratulations Tyler and I am so happy for you and all you have accomplished!!!
You can not even imagine How proud you make me, how happinnes you bring to my life when I watch your videos. Thanks for  sharing so much love, honesty and inspiration. I am pretty sure you have made and impact and change in the world and you will be continue doing it. Happy ten years my dear <3
Congratulations on ten fabulous years on YouTube! You've inspired me to be myself and I could not thank you enough! You deserve the world! Happy ten year anniversary!
I love the way he reacts to joe sugg
This made me almost cry 😭Happy 10 Year Anniversary on YouTube Tyler🎉You're so important & I'm glad you are still going, you change so many lives and bring joy to everyone 💛
Where’s Shane why didn’t Shane do one
WHERE ARE DAN AND PHIL? I was looking for the whisk jokes.\n\nHappy 10th :) \n[your channel is a 5th grader]
IM CRYING WITH YOU. We all love you tyler, thank you for always being you and being such a good genuine person ❤️
Happy 10 years, all the best for the future!
Congratulations to Tyler! 10 years anniversary is not something that happens everyday, and it's something all of us are very proud you accomplished. I wasn't from the beginning but I'll be here. Love you so much Tyler💜
I want 10 more years\nAnd 10 more years \nAnd 10 more years\nTyler: uugghh Biicchh
I was expecting Jack and Finn to show lol 💔
this video got me crying, boy wooah, happy ten years anniversary tyler love you, loads! >3
Congratulations Tyler!!!!!!!!! Thank you so much for making me laugh through everything that has gone wrong in my life and being such a positive person!!! I love you!!!❤❤❤❤
This video was too much😭❤️ happy 10 years tyler
hey! any small youtubers wanna support each other? like this and subscribe and i’ll subscribe back!!
I was waiting for Ellen 😔
Oh look. ALL THE ICONS OF YOUTUBE IN ONE VIDEO.
ily tyler
So much sass and sooo much ASS \n\nLife goals
i see liza koshy. i click.
MICHIGAN! TYLER I FROM MICHIGAN!  I LOVE U HAPPY 10 YEARS!
My favorite memory with you: seeing you in the line for security at the Charlotte airport like 2 years ago. We made eye contact and I' had been watching you for so long I thought we were old friends and made a face like oh my god! Great to see you then I remembered I was a total stranger to you and felt really awkward and looked away lmao. When I looked back you were beet red too and I knew you knew exactly what went down. I should have just said hi but man I freaked out. I couldn't watch your videos for awhile afterward without cringing at my own awkwardness! Hilariously weird experience that probably happens to you all the time, but it's stuck with me so thought I'd finally share. Congrats, Tyler! You're incredible and we're all glad you're here.
where's Alex and Lauren
this hoe stage is backk ..welcome back hazza miss u so bad
This is for all the people that say harry wants to forget his 1D past
HARRY EDWARD STYLES YOU MAKE MY LIFE BEAUTIFUL
Omg. Fuck. He's so fucking hot.  My life is complete after this vidoe. Thanks for uploading
I'm crying, in a cool way...
ICONIC
What a joyous performance i wish im infront jamming with him
OMG I love it 1D will come back I belive it now😍😍😍
I'm so dead😭 i gonna see him 5/11 and i'm gonna die✝️ but thanks for share this video 💕❤
Erica Love This is What Makes You Beautiful! 👏🏻🤗😍💛💜💚💙❤️💟💞💓💖💘💝💗 Literally!
I am so not used when the stage is dry. Lilo must be water fighting over there
That's better than orginal 😍😍
I’m dying. \n\n\nIn a cool way.
IM CRYING IN 17 DIFFERENT LANGUAGES
I'm living for the girl singing in the background😂 go on girl
This is the best thing I have ever seen
I'm so obsessed with this version and all those note changes 😍
I am so not used when the stage is dry. Lilo must be water fighting over there
Harry Harry and Harry
love love love
MI CORAZÓN OT5 SE MUERE
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW IT IS SO BEAUTIFUL
OMFGGGGGGGGG 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
OMG!!
I'm crying...but in a cool way...\n\nSomeone literally cut onions in my room..
This performance gives me life. Thank God for our Harry Styles ❤️❤️❤️forever
I NEED this version rn
iam crying
This is the thing  song moment person artist \nThis is us
Falta louis zayn liam niall ele são meus amor o one direction
Sorry to say but WMYB only sounds good when all my five boys sing it together😢
im not okay now.
THAT FINGER WAG
Those trousers...
Excellent!
Bae❤
ME MUERO LPM
1:48 HARRY ISN'T HOLDING HIS PANTS ANY MORE😂😂😂😂.......BUT I WANTED NIALL TO RUN UP THE STAGE AND PULL THEM DOWN......... *like if you get it*
He just Harryfied the hell out of that song YYAAAAAAASSSS!!!!
I miss your long hair baby😤
Can he  please récord this version? PLEASE 😍😍😍😘😘
I'm crying in a cool way.
I'm crying but in a cool way but did anybody recognize Niall's voice on the na na part
I'm crying bc I can't see him when he comes to my city and he's coming on my birthday, not to mention I've been a fan since I was 9..I'm turning 16
HE ACTUALLY SANG WMYB.... THE FIRST SONG TO BRING THEM THE BIGGEST BAND IN THE WORLD... NOW AS A SOLO ARTIST I'M SOBBING I LOVE HIM SFM
I NEED THE STUDIO VERSION OMG
UGH i want a whole album for just the band members just user their style of music to sing their old songs
WHAT AN AMAZING NEW RHYTHM !!!!!!! SO GOOD TO HEAR IT AGAIN!
He doesn't hold his pants anymore✋😂😂
cool
His little dance at 01:50❤❤
CAN I JUST SAY THAT NIALL WAS THERE
On some parts it sounds even like the past
don't know why, but I feel that Harry has become a little cocky😔
Who's not gonna see him forever? Coz you live in a place he'll never be coming and you have zero chance to meet him anyway and you are just sad watching him like that? Anyone?
THIS HOE IS BACK AND IM LIVING
omg this makes me so happy welcome back harold 😭❤️❤️😊
My....fucking...heart. I. AM. CRYING. Harry fucking Styles you killed me!
he's such an adorable dork, I can't 😭😭😭💘
harry just plzzzzz once wear your usual tight jeans and t. coz I m soooooo obbsesed with them. sooo much
who agrees that there needs to be a studio version of this
these arent tears... OR IS IT?
this is my new religion
everything harry does become more brilliant help me
my life is complete
OH GOD THIS VERSION IS KILLING ME
I MISSED HIM SO FREAKING MUCH THIS LITERALLY MADE MY DAY. OUR BABY IS BACK HES BACK ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️😭😭😭
i can't wait till march i can't
I NEVER KNEW I NEEDED HARRY TO SING THIS ALONE
chorei
🤘🤘🤘🤘😇😇
Soy la única que lloro con esto??😭
ADAFDDSGJKNGRKJRGJKWIM YODELLING
Missing one direction
love him
I so wish I was there!!! Such life! 💕Little dancing bear
HES LITERALLY SOO CUTEEEEEIM DYING RIGHT NOWWWWWWW
Jesus 😢😢😢❤💓
Jesus \nTô passando mal\nAaaaaaaaaaaa
essa música nao
Damn🔥
Harry fucking Styles
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
I am going insaneeeeeee
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭.
Very Hot And Cute ❤😍
crying.... in a cool way
Te ganaste un puesto en el cielo por subir este video😢😢 gracias!!! hiciste mi día!!! ❤ Harry bebé😍 te extrañaba😭
Hazza's back to normal yasssssss😍😍
That was beautiful
What camera are you using?! In another video I saw that you are zooming quite a lot, but the quality of the videos remains really good!\n\nbtw, THANK YOU SO MUCH for all these videos ♡
better than 1D version
HaRRy HaTes ONe DiREctiON
Is he gay/bisexual???
Everytime you made kourtney’s voice it cracked me up 😂
She said mozzarella cheese for the salad but I thought she was dairy free?
Also for those with gluten intolerances, try tamari sauce instead of soy sauce.
Where did you get Kourtney's recipes from?
did you loose any weight ? lol isn't that why we diet? lol
Mozzarella... has... dairy in it
There was a boiled egg in that salad!!!!
she got her boobs done so she has gone under the knife
You said mozarella cheese in the salad...but that's dairy.
Can this bitch stop doing weird shit to her body lol
avocado and ground omg I'm dying. NEW SUBSCRIBER hahah
How does she not eat dairy but her signature salad had mozzarella cheese???? Is she not aware cheese is DAIRY?  LMAO (laughing at kourtney not you girl) 😜
Do her kids do the bone broth thing too?!?
you kind of look like her! Also, it seems that by the end of the week you lost a little weight?? You look healthier anyways
Are you aware that bacon causes cancer, ask the World Health Organisation.
i hate her channel but i always come back to watch more
My daughter can't drink milk but can eat cheese and yogurt
It's not that I didn't like the video, but I had to thumbs down it. Us Kardashian lovers don't take too well to hate lol
Even tho I'm white as hell even I was seasoning lol 😂
I really noticed tht u looked more refreshed & less dark circles around ur eyes. just really refreshed!!
Look really cute with your hair in the side ponytail (5:04)
They make soy sauce that is gluten free. Try Tamari
You actually look at lot like Courtney. I'm not a big fan of the Kardashians, but I do like Courtney. She's my favorite. :-)
You look just like Lily from Clevver style
Dude I thought this was a buzzfeed video, I know that she was in buzzfeed but the thumbnail was so much like buzzfeed's
It's like America - Kardashians .British -Queen
It was suppose to be Kourtney Kardashian not Kourtney Kardashian'S
Plugging it in helps lol This was a fun vlog! I love eating vegan, it is my favorite way to eat so far.
How is she dairy free when she eats eggs and cheese?
#666, and no shame! :O
Mozzarella in her signature salad? Isn't she dairy free?
literally couldn't have half assed it more
you're so boring :(
I thought she was going to say how much weight she lost tho
Lol no one ever knows kourtney kardashian is or what she does
Tofu? Really ?? I'd rather ear heated up dog shit
Kourtney Kardashian is dairy free but eats cheese? That's a dairy product
i just saw that she works at popsugar
I ACTUALLY THOUGHT THIS WAS A BUZZFEED VIDEO FROM THE THUMBNAIL
WHERE ARE THE CARBS?! I'd be starving on that little amount of calories and carbs. And I hope her kids get a higher carb intake as their brains need the glucose for energy for school etc.
after watching this, iv realized kourtneys diet is trash in all honesty. i would never eat like that. unhealthy af. and boring af.
7:23 YOU LOOK SO GOOD! You should do your makeup and hair like that more often
One of my friends who is allergic to gluten told me that soy sauce that is produced in Asia is gluten free most of the times. Only the ones they produce in Europe (and probably the US aswell) contain gluten for some reason.
Was I the only one who saw the blender wasn't plugged in
Soy doesnt contain gluten but gives off a similar effect to gluten when ingested into the body... as far as I'm aware.
Your skin looks so much better after that diet!!
Ew how can anyone eat avocado like that!!! With chocolate?!
She's dairy free but mozzarella for lunch? 😟
Maybe I just haven't seen enough episodes but every time I see her eating on the show she's just poking her food around and having half bites and throwing most of the meal out. Not sure if following her recipes really counts as following her diet :p I'm not suggesting she's starving herself - she's eating very often, just only tiny bits at a time.
wait dairy free but had mozz cheeze??? im confused
She can't be dairy free and eat a kit kat, wtf
waits you actually look a lot like kourney (6 mins)
It's easy to be on a diet when you're a multi millionaire so you can buy all the expensive ingredients you need to be on one. It's expensive to be on a diet.
When you talk your mouth moves like Kourtney's 😂
Oh that tofu shrimp stir fry looked so yummy! I think I'll add it to my meal plan for next week! I enjoy these videos about the different diets that you make they are so interesting xx
So annoyed that it unsubscribed me from your channel 🙄
I'd love to see Khloe kardashians diet since it really seems to be working for her x
ok she is actually just like Callie Torres!
Please don't use the word minimalist to describe any aspect of Kortney Kardashian.
A week has 21 meals... where is the rest of your food?
In place of soy sauce use Tamari :) it’s gluten free and tastes the same #ShoutOutToTheCeliacHusband hahah
Keep getting unsubscribed from you :(
That intro gives me life cx
So is this diet like \nWater only \nNo dairy\nNo gluten\nNo soy \nNo life \nLike if you like Starbucks
There’s no reason to go gluten free if you don’t have to
How is she dairy free if she puts cheese in her salad lol
No thanks. I'll stick to real food which has actual flavour
Anyone wanting soy sauce, but is GF can get Tamari :)! It has a little bit more of a stronger taste as well...
where did you get the info on the diet?
Do you have mild rosacea? Only asking cuz your cheeks get a bit red!
Try this Tamari Soy Sauce - it is 100% gluten free and DELICIOUS. It has been my go to soy sauce for years, and tastes better than any other soy sauce:  http://san-j.com/products/organic-tamari-gluten-free-soy-sauce
Honestly, I can't even imagine what your body can actually handle at this point. You are constantly yoyo dieting, and I feel like you're not going to be okay if you keep doing this.  I'm not hating, because I know what it means to struggle with body image issues, but you need to keep your own health in mind.
Mozzarella cheese? But, I thought the diet was dairy free?
Just curious but it looked like there was a fair bit of dairy in the diet...
The gluten-free sandwich from Starbucks has CHEESE on it #dairy
this was bascially her eating salads, avocados, coconut milk, and coco powder
omg you look so pretty @ 7:29 !
YOUR HAIR
Ehhh... this video suck
Up your avo game kourt!
So awkward/cringey 😄😂
Aren't eggs dairy 🤔
uhm meat is not sustainable
Her eyebrows are very uneven
7:50 😂 the vocal fry
I like your positivity. Shines through.
Chicken soup
hemp milk....
omfg 7:50 xDDDDDDDD so good
What does kardashian fartface eats
No dairy? No thank you
2:57
Mozzarella is dairy..
Moserella cheese is dairy...
Isn't Mozzarella cheese dairy?
mozzarella is not dairy free haha,
I fucking hate tomatoes
eat like freelee for a week!
She’d be great for Buzzfeed. (This is a compliment.)
why she need to fast once a week?? it's weird
How the fuck has Jansen wormed his way on to trending
how the fuck is this trending
Trending with 500 views and 2 likes. YouTube is broke.
getthefuckofftrending
Fuck this site
No audio shi* quality shi* video. *GET OFF TRENDING*
6000 views.. shit goal.. trending.. ?
Lmao trending
was expecting a bicycle kick or 40 yard screamer...  fuck u YouTube
HOW THE FUCK IS THIS TRENDING WTF YOUTUBE FIX YOUR SHITTY WEBSITE
Nigger
Wtf this is trending Google is broken.
How is trending? 🤦🏽‍♂️
Why is this even trending? It’s not even a good goal... WHY
This is trending because youtube is out of ideas
Wow YouTube shore ends money for this is making its way onto trending...
How is this trending? comments are more cancerous than the videos themselves
This was uploaded 3 years ago. Why trending
14th on trending ?!?!?!
Shit goal
The day YouTube got so shit that Tottenham reject was trending
jansen actually scored from open play!!! no wonder its trending atm
Just started on youtube to capture all the shit me and my mates get up to so any views, likes, dislikes or subs would help but shit i wont loose sleep if im still on 0 in 3 years 😂😂
If this is tending so should my channel! If you like fantasy football then go check out my videos! :P
Finally scored for Spurs
?
Idek wat i just watched...
D zyzgd qt
Still hand some
ummmm
14th on trending ?
Now he scores-_-
Can anyone recommend an alternative to YouTube please please like right now
YouTube let me down with this BS and so did the human who uploaded this crap. Bu ne Lan? Feneri de senide sikim. Mal..            CIMBOM BOM!
Youtube these days..
Go home youtube, you are drunk again!
If you feel disappointed then just go on my channel and watch the 2 videos I made. They are quite bad but not as bad as this shit :D THANK YOU :)
rip jimmy. one of the few nice guys in irish tv
It will live with me forever that commentary. . Different. Class Jimmy rest in peace
Rip Jimmy legend
JIMMY MAGEE   R.I.P
RIP Jimmy Magee. Different class.
Y is this trending
magee legend
Different claaaaaaaaaaasssssss !!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wonder if the song would hold up if it weren't for the stunning visuals. I'm imagining myself listening to an entire album like this on headphones but I don't really see it happening. I love Björk, and the video, but I don't think this is a song I'd return to for pure sound experience. Big props to the CG artists, as I think they deserve as much, if not more credit for bringing the project to life.
This is perfect. I love Bjork.
One of the songs on the soundtrack for the film Mother?
There is something different in her voice and I love it!
I dont know why, but this vid reminds me of Protos...
OK I'm pretty sure Bjork is not human. She has to be of a different species. She's too advanced for us with her futuristic and avant garde visions.
WHY AM I CRYING IN THE CLUB RIGHT NOW
im stoned asf and watching this makes me feel like i cant breathe. 11/10
I'm kinda still waiting for the song to start...
Stunning. Every new song, every video has her heart and soul poured into it. She is an amazing, creative force. Love to you, Bjork.
ah.. i see bjork is back to her usual shenanigans of VIBRATING HIGHER\nmuch love lol
Such a shame she's become totally predictable. A cliche of herself. Sad.
So this is how heaven must be looks
Thumbnail almost gave me a no man's sky feel
oh look ofcourse its a bunch of floating alien vaginas
I have never listened to Bjork before. Only Icelandic musician I've listened to was Sigur Ros, but now... it's changed.\n\nThis was trippy af
*More than 3 Million views on Facebook and counting.*
I love Björk.  She commands extreme focus and attention, and this is further proof of her abilities.  I have a hard time paying attention to lyrics; It usually takes about two years before I start to understand what any singer is saying.  I enjoy the scenery she paints with music and her voice.  This video is hypnotic, strange, and great.  It took a long time for me to actually sit down with her last two albums but that is nothing short of a compliment as I'm sure this new album will have the same effect on myself.  I don't understand this song or the video, but like any true adventure, I will prepare myself with time and wait for the right moment to embark into the unknown.  Where ever she takes you is sure to be strange, haunting, and beautiful.  Nothing but respect for her and her craft.  I'm sure this will all work out fine.
quero transcender que nem a Diva-Musa-Björk
WHO THE FUCK DOWNVOTED THIS?!
Love, just like energy, is mean to flow in and out through all of us, so we can all give and recive. And when correctly, what a wonderful and  harmonious symphony it can be
Nice visuals and voice but I don't really care for he intentionally weird way of rolling R's and dividing syllables. Meh. More power to her and her fans.
Thank fuck for Bjork . . . We need a little sanity in music these days 💋
that was a trip and a half! Bjork is an amazing artist
Chills and tears. So beautiful, elegent and ahead of our time. ❤
some ideas and symbols already appeared in wanderlust.\nexciting.
Great video. Pity the audio needs more work.
Visional a masterpiece, the music is as always strange  as fuck. The only song I rally did enjoy was All is full of love
I'm not gonna lie. As a longtime bjork's fun, I am not happy. I'm just miss good music.
The video is like a computer game - you go one level up each time you go through her heart.
She's the Supreme
How does a sociopath prove to himself he cares about another person
I feel less alone, knowing she exists
to simply call what this amazing woman does just music is an insult, this right here and like all she does is an experience of sound and visuals like no other!🙏
Wish I could see this without shitty youtube color compression.
we are living in 2017 and this woman is in fucking 4049
This will be one of her timeless video.
Bjork is a true example of the word artist. Her work goes beyond music and visuals, she masters the media and through it, she takes you to another level of awareness. Only few people in the world has this ability.
This is better than many films out there
so glad i clicked this.. looks like a DMT trip! amazing as always Björk :)
Closest thing to a DMT trip. Including sound
What a beautiful piece of her mind...Thank you Bjork ❤💚
Björk + Arca is a perfect combination
The queen of Scandinavia has done it again !
Bjork always gets me high on music.
Anyone who gives her a thumbs down obviously doesn't get her or appreciate her for what she is.
It makes me think of Digimon's evolutions
The video is amazing the song is just not good.
I miss being the healer of my raid party
Who?
tá cada vez mais chata
I couldn't have clicked any faster,  what a genius
An audiovisual masterpiece
the queen is back!  (^_^)\nlove her!
we're not prepared for this
whoa
This is visually exquisite- the best of her videos!
I onky liked the first scene. I feel like it takes to to other world where a maid is playing the flute sorrounded by robots and an extraterrestrial nature. I love that part.
I love her, but I think she is burnt, by now
I love her so much
Boooooooooring
SO. MANY. CHILLS!!!!!!
That felt longer than 7 minutes, so immersive!!
Bjork has been one of the earth's greatest gifts...but I really didn't enjoy watching her have sex with a digital...creature...thing.
Think she opened my third eye.
dont like the song, except that little tone sequence in the refrain. the video is hypnotizing though
Infinitely complex energy orbz inside all of us? Our human bodies being just gates? Yah im so down.
Es simplemente sublime e intenso
შენი ფანტაზიორი დედა მიყვარს მე
ma è una summon d final fantasy !
Maravilloso! 💘
i want a bjork MMO
Bjork sees, few people do.
Lovely
Visionary!
Terry Oldfield 'Between Two Worlds'
clip is good song is crap
thank you
Akhirnya bjork bisa nyinden juga
Surrender
DMT brought me here
Omg!!! This is amazing 😍
WOW ! BEAUTIFUL TRACK N VISUAL!
Alex...
Hermoso!! :)
wou 😍
B J O R K  beyond ~
Omg! Björk! You are amazing!!✨✨✨✨✨
Wow
- Great work!..
disturbingly beautiful
Soy yo o simula lo que es el coito, lo ame ~<3
I'm currently watching this on shrooms and it's guncking amazing
No other artist comes up to her level of visual creativity in musicvideos. But personally i feel that her music is less interesting now compared to Debut and Post. She still has a couple of really good tracks on her albums though. This is not one of them.
Hmm, her music and image has gotten progressively fairy/new-agey calm as she's aged. I miss the high energy dynamic Bjork with rhythm of the late 90s and early 2000s. Saw her in concert a few years ago, and it was great, but she was losing her voice half way through.
This is cri – inge worthy, cri – inge worthy, cri – inge worthy, cri – inge worthy, cri – inge worthy. I am go -ing, to-o-o, pu-uke, no-o-o-ow.
I've missed you Bjork.
Sorry to those that love her music but I think she had no idea how to sing. Sorry but that's what I think and the video is super weird!!
NOOOOO! At 5:13 she gives the satanic devil sign with her hands! Fuuuck! Noooooo! Satanists do this. I can't believe this shit. Maybe it has another meaning...? Now I'll have to look it up again...
satanists know what is coming...
Jesus she's awful.
Cho isn't funny      .
'I don't like doing homeless guy jokes, fuck those'
Bob Hope was fine in 1989/90. He was fine in 1991, 1992 & 1993. He did stand-up in the UK in 1994. What's wrong with Margaret Cho's dates? They're starting to seem more like Margaret Cho's lies.
Did she just copy Mickey Avalon's My Dick song?!
In which Norm continues his recent unfortunate trend: first Mike Tyson, then Caitlyn Jenner, and now Margaret Cho. When are you gonna have COMEDIANS on again, Norm?
NML close to jumping the shark.
Deleted every one of them. \n\nI'd best go and pray now!
Oh boy, you know it's gonna be a good episode, when Norm starts it off with a nazi joke
Margaret Cho what a twat, any excuse to shit on conservatives it's ironic that the joke is why would anyone be apposed to killing ISIS and she has to turn it around to make a point saying fuck conservatives. I detest the religion as a whole being a vile sexist, destructive, oppressive religion but we can all distinguish between ISIS and more moderate Muslims you pig.
Bobby Lee part 2 was very disappointing, this time around there was no chemistry or connection. Norm seemed a little bit out of it. He didn't even get any funny story's this time. No wonder they didn't open the season with this one.  This one might be the worst episode of the entire 3 seasons.
Everyone loves Margaret especially me.........Ok now let's see the funny Cho?
Margaret Cho basically says its bad to say isis hunter because it generalizes muslims, and then proceeds to generalize conservatives. This is why leftys are fucking idiots
What a brain dead liberal. Proved it when she took the bait @31:53.
God she's a bore...
Man, Norm's flinch after the Lizzie Borden joke is too funny
boy Norm did NOT look like he wanted to be there...either that or he had copious amounts of xanax
Hahaha! I really liked that part where Margaret made the asshole licking to battery testing comparison. It reminds me of that time that Jim Norton did the exact same joke in his new HBO special. What a funny and original gal she is. What a hoot!
HMMM, SHE SAYS SHE SOCIALIZES WITH SUPER DAVE OSBOURNE, BUT THEN SHE ASKS IF HE STILL SHOOTS HIMSELF OUT OF THINGS AND VECROS HIMSELF. DOESN'T SOUND LIKE SHE REALLY KNOWS SUPER DAVE AT ALL.
So is that just a straight Mickey Avalon My Dick rip off or was he involved somehow?
44:03 pizza joke is funnier when you put them emphasis on ITSELF
i don't find her funny anymore ...
she's just an old chung of coal.
One thing I've learned consistently from watching Norm Live: not a lot of comedians or comic actors actually have senses of humor.
One less bar, norm. Just one.
I dunno who this Buckley character is.  I thought he was doing Hannibal Lector.
Why is Norm pretending to be more senile than he really is? I mean... I know why, but... you know!
Jesus Norm, could you put some effort into the show with Margaret Cho. Stop taking what ever meds your Dr has prescribed  you.
Jesus train wrecking Christ
Normy, Normy, Normy....SJWs Normy!...they're not funny Normy!
I thought comedians were supposed to have a sense of humor.
I heard Hitler was a bit of a jerk.
What do you do with a guest that isn't funny and you don't respect?  JOKES for 15 minutes and the guest has absolutely no fun with it the entire time.  TRUE COMEDY
I watched videos of Bob Hope from 1990 and he seemed pretty mentally alert.
I love how diverse this season is! Doesn t matter if old white men are funnier, but as long as its diverse!
clowns to the left of me, jokers to the right
Margaret is starting to resemble my mother.  And I hate my mother. Ok I find my mother extremely annoying and try to distance myself from her as much as possible.  Hate's a little excessive.
I've seen nearly every episode save for the Adam Sandler one and part 2 of Gilbert godtfried. This is the only one I didn't thoroughly enjoy.
Norm doing his best Eric Andre impression.
on Hitler: ..and I do not care for that man. Norm and/or my Grandmother.
I've recommended season 1 and 2 to my friends. Not so much for this season...
I love Norm but he can be frustrating at times.
Norm, buddy....are you okay?   Let me know
I mean this guy was a real jerk!!!
But they never suspect THE DEACON!
does margaret not like norm...or just not get him? she comes off like someone's nervous, humorless aunt that wandered into the studio.
I thought that was the boy in those Karate movies of the 80s
Is Norm stoned or high or extremely tired or something? He looks like he is about to fall over at times.
It's a bird
when adam eget is more entertaining and interesting than the guest.
13:23 omg I can't stop watching this over and over
Light camera....dark camera.....light camea.....dark camera.....I fuckin love this show!  That and Margaret started off with Ari Shafir's joke about liking assholes is like a 9 volt battery.
i bone no one
Norm tried, but she is a killjoy of a guest.
Cho in a nutshell- Don't generalize about Muslims! while she generalizes about conservative Americans. I don't think the sentiment going around in conservative circles is that it is OK to think all Muslims are ISIS, but I guess it is OK for her to generalize while she criticizes others for generalizing. 100% aside from her hypocrisy, this was the least funny episode of the entire series- except for the Lizzie Borden and Mamie Eisenhower jokes.
how come she has nothing to say ..did anyone sit through this shit ?
You know, I am a self-identifying conservative and it is true that I DID want to kill all Muslims. ALL OF THEM. But after hearing Margaret shine light on this subject and really illustrate how ignorant I was being...as a conservative, of course...it has made me really do some self-reflecting. I guess she's right. I guess we shouldn't kill all Muslims. I guess that not all the billions of Muslims world wide are terrorists. I'm glad she pointed out the ignorance that all us conservatives hold because I really did think that all Muslims were evil terrorists. Wow. Thank you Margaret. But now my conundrum is, can I be a conservative who doesn't believe that all Muslims are evil or should I become a liberal who makes sweeping generalizations about the ideologues of conservatives? \n\nHmmmm...
Albert Brooks would be an awesome interview.
I have watched most all of Norm Macdonald Live but this one...uggh. Not remotely entertaining. \nIt's not too late to delete this episode, Norm.
What the hell is the meaning of this?!
The only way this season of Norm could get any more intense is if Doug Stanhope is the next guest.
Robert Forster does a mean Norm Macdonald in this one.
Fuck this show! You suck now Norm. Either get off the drugs you're on, or get back on the drugs you were on 2 years ago. The only  episodes I've actually watched all the way through this season are the David Letterman, Dana Carvey, and Mike Tyson episodes and even those are a shadow of the greatness that was the first two seasons.
The last 20 minutes are fantastic. Such a weird atmosphere, like a real life tim and eric skit
you win this battle, clinical depression
Norm is hilarious, but he really needs to work on his speaking voice.  It almost makes me want to not watch.
Seeing Norm so down makes me feel kinda down, you know? I think my favorite part of this was when Adam was trying to agree with Margaret and Norm was saying at the same time, Well, well uh, well uh, well spoken, haha. Wasn't really a joke or anything but it was one of those tension-releasing laughs.
Why are mainland chinese people so rude and uncivilised?
Get Dan Akyroyd  on the show Norm!\nYou can ask him about aliens and Coneheads and shit!\nOr get Bill Murray... Margaret Cho isn't funny.
Margaret Cho's impression of a dull lady with nothing to say was irresistible
I have no idea why this woman is famous.
The ISIS hunting permit bit culminating in Norm's friend's biggest fear is fucking sublime genius. It is so deadpan I missed it as badly as Cho and Eget the first time I saw it. But Norm masterfully hooks them into revealing their banal PC ideas that basically are the same ones Barack Obama had (after every Islamic atrocity in Europe the first thing our former POTUS would say was words to the effect of 'Islam is a great religion of peace', b/c he was more worried about the blowback than the safety of Western innocents at the hands of crazed butchers). Norm set it up in such a way that they were completely unaware they were subjects of his satirical observations. Cho's that's true was the coup de grace. Anyone who wrote off this episode b/c of the guest is missing classic Norm.
I remember when Adam's shoes were still clean in season 1.
I'm going to the bathroom and take a Margret, then I'm going to wipe my Cho. She really knows how to put the UN in funny!
I'm surprised Cho didn't end up looking like Friar Tuck by minute 26 with all the jokes flying over her head at such velocity and frequency. I gave the episode a like based purely on Norm's heroic effort in salvaging it. Although entertaining, it was the worst yet. I understand why it was delayed since it seems it was the first one filmed this season.
Norm MacDonald is the smartest duck in the bin. By any reasonable metric Norm is the binniest duck in bin.
Never seen this old Oriental fellow before, he seems angry...probably has a very small penis.
I got your muslim joke Norm. I shared your disappointment in the morons beside you.
Adam Eget is one of the worst jewz
She suddenly looks old. She's only 49
last week's guest was a much more attractive woman
Egret is as fatbody.
I'm pretty sure Norm overdid it on the Xanax.
oh jesus H christ...my pus ?
Cho sporting the Joyce DeWitt hairdo.
Fuckin fuck margeret cho
Margaret Cho, beautiful, great guest
always amazing Ms. Cho!
Worst episode ever.
Isnt this the chick from greys anatomy?
Painful,
jokes are back!!! thank you jeebus
Egret is getting fat.
Good episode. Minus the viet cong fella.
Yet another awesome show, Norm.
Discovered by a barely alive Bob Hope... that explains it. Seriously, this show dragged. Apparently to be a comedian you don't need to be funny off-script.
for some (stupid) reason, alt-righter fans of norm have concluded that since he's made some right-wing sounding comments over the years and likes fucking with people, that he is a *sociopathic maniac* who mocks his liberal guests' very existence just by having them on - while appearing cordial on the surface. all done as a nod to the enlightened few who truly understand him. every fan who knows norm well enough knows that they haven't the slightest clue about almost anything, least of all the things he's spoken about.
This podcast needs to be age restricted...Must be 40 years old and up to watch. To hear so many stupid kids spitting and bratting in these comments sections, it makes me sick.
What a generous guest. Norm was a total ass.
Mel Brooks: Stupidly politically correct society is the death of comedy.  The master has spoken.
The fact that BTS put our life in a song and it has really powerful and maybe shocking message behind it......that's unbelievable....they know everything about us (i'm suddenly scared af while I'm hiding under my blanket in Europe)
Rap monster: your parents and boss hate me…\nMe: *cries thru words* yeh…they do…\n\nEdit: Jungkook: follow to the flow of the flute\nMe: *day dreams of Hoseok on the flute with his nose* uhhh....ok?
For me this is the best song in the album
rm is saying us army's to stop it......so they realize what will happen??
I'm crazy with this song
THE BEAT RUDUEBR8DE AND SUGA'S RAP KILL ME. okay I'll sleep now :']
But my parents don't hate you...they don't even know you...*cries* \n\nWhen the part 'You are not being punished' comes on, my heart felt tightened and I wanna cry somehow😢😭😭
I'm just sat here shaking my head denying what's true because i do have pictures of them hanging in my room and they are taking over me...i need a life 😂
When you love the music but lyrics hit you hard !😢
Why am I crying. Bts has help me out so much I wish I could tell them how they change my life. It was best thing that had happened to me .
Can this be a kdrama between bts and army.\nCuz it sounds like one to me 😂😂😂
After I heard this song I got better in math and all my grades went up ^•^
This deadass is them knowing we stay up late asf for their comebacks and they welcome it
my favourite song from the album
Man I've never been so honored being dissed.
These boys wreck me and help me 😂❤️
I feel a lot less guilty for putting my schoolwork and art before BTS, then again most of my art is of BTS...
i feel so happy because i play the flute in my schools band so... yeah
Okay, the meaning did make me sleepy and confident. But who cares? I'm known for sleeping in the real world, don't you worry. I can't get more confident then this don't get too happy.
I am your guilty pleasure\n....how'd you knooowʕ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°ʔ
You're not being punished,\nARE YOU SURE???\nARE YOU SURE?!!!!!
BTS are like a crush they speak like a crush speak to you and I find this so sweet they care about us 😊
jimin's voice suits this song so well
This song really describes me because I’ve been going through a difficult time lately, not doing school work and being more anti-social than I am just so I can watch BTS videos. It helps distract me from my problems but my problems can’t be solved on their own. So the lyrics, “you may struggle but it won’t matter anymore,” “I’m here to save you, I’m here to ruin you.” I really relate to it. It’s good to see how BTS actually makes music about things people go through a lot. This song is my favorite from the album! 💞
They know what they've done to our lives
what I love about BTS is not just their amazing voices or meaningful lyrics but the instrumentals that just work so well, run, dead leaves and pied piper are just so nice to listen to.
I'm here to ruin you DAMN BANGTAN KNOWS OUR LIFE IS RUINED BECAUSE OF THIS COMEBACK
Army needs BTS just as much as BTS needs Army...
I like how their song is like Come follow the sound of the flute and we'll fuck your life up but at the same time it's like What are you doing here? Go do your homework or job or something!
this song made me feel so strange im actually crying. LIKE it's them telling us that we're so distracted from the real world because they're taking over us and our minds. But everytime we want to break off, they're always luring us back in + THEM SAYING come here DOESNT HELP AT ALL I FEEL ATTACKED. I dont know if im digging in too deep but i feel so strange sigh
FOLLOW THE SOUND OF *J H O P E S N O S E F L U T E*
the fact that they're staring at you because of those pics. and I can't help but to cry cause this song is to adorable. they're here to save us. that means to save us from stress cause honestly speaking bangtan is my remedy when it comes to my probles. I love you so much bangtan.
I am takin' over you YOU ALREADY DID
SEE ARMY'S BTS LUVS US THIS MUCH!!!!
Why I am crying now 😢😢
I know theyre roasting the hell out of me but I cant stop laughing send help pls
*If they don't win album of the year with 'love yourself'  I'm ready to fight* coz no album was this perfect man!!
its ok bts i can give u my live if u want
this song lowkey kinky with all the this song is your reward, good girl shit
I promised my self not to get into this fandome....
did anyone else get the shit scared out of them by the really soft yeah, suga omg
my parents & boss doesnt hate you namjoon bc they dont even know you... sad, their missing out not knowing you.
Before you know translate:wow cool\nAfter you know:ooooooooo
I will always love you, BTS!♥
This'll be my anthem from now on. HAHAHAHA
Jimin: can't close your eyes\nMe: *closes eyes* just did you damn liar wait CAUGHT IN A LIEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!
I barely know what to feel hahah. BTS have ruined me in the best way possible, and it seems like they can barely live without us either.
don't reject me. boi, I'll reject my homework and my social life for you. Not like I already haven't but
No line for rm?
im here to save you, im here to ruin you\n.........\nokay.... i jus-\ni am shooked and comfused AND BEYOND RUINED, BUII WHAT DO EVEN REALLY WAANNNTT?!?\n*but jams to the music either*
Lol other idols be like: thank u for supporting us please keep supporting us!\nBut BTS be like: go and fucking do something with ur life by studying\n😂😂
Title kinda weird to me because in French pied existes and means feet x'D
I LOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH BUT I ALSO LOVE ALL THE OTHER ONES
This sounds like:\nI feel it coming and starboy mashed up by the weekend
At least they know how we really are........CRAZY
I think I'm just a sucker for Jin and V singing back and forth.. It's probably why I love it's definitely you so much
As I think about my Dope elevator poster, my saved for later Ao3 list, and the YouTube suggestions.....
PLZ PLAY THE BTS FULL ALBUM HER AT MY FUNERALLLLL
YoOOo, I have no idea why but this reminds me so much of like Rihanna during her umbrella/disturbia era
AHHH THEY SOUND SO GOOD!!! I feel personally attacked, i was procrastinating by looking up the lyrics to all their new songs whoopssss
Follow the sound of the flute OMO the next song in my playlist is go go go im dying
They just roasted army's 😭😂😂💘 I don't know what to think right now
i really need them to sing this live before i die 😫👅💦
I want to cry all my life over that yeah suga im weak
MY FAV!!! I THINK I LIKE THIS EVEN BETTER THAN DNA OR IT IS AFTER DNA it depends on my mood :P but I LOOOVEE THIS SOOONGG OMGGGGG TAKE ME AWAY!!! *___*
I got busted by BTS bcause spend my time just to watch them only all day. But I dont regret it. A.R.M.Y FOREVERRRRR😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
BTS: Go fucking study and be healthy \nMe: B-bu-\nBTS: GO. NOW.
As a fanboy this makes me upset how this song is just for fangirls...
'stop, let's stop looking and start studying for the exams'\n*deep\n\nwell I'm in final year of secondary School..and this gonna be my final exam..\nbye~ I will go study now...
I'm crying a lot .. harder than  i cry for my last year exam result
*i'm your paradise :D
Their dance in I like it pt 2 would fit in this.. in my opinion
I'm not sure if I feel inspired or scolded...A little bit of both?? \nWhats this feeling of being carefully scolded by older siblings? They are all older than me but it still feels odd... Warm and fuzzy but a little painful and I kind of want to rush to be successful so that I can show them...Yeah I'm definitely getting an older sibling vibe from this which is SOOO surreal and shocking because I've got 3 older brothers and...This is the first time I've seen BTS as older brothers. Idk really how I'm feeling rn. Did they mean to do this? Because I'm so conflicted and turned around right now and I now have an anxious feeling of needing to study. I do need to study for my GED and I still don't have my drivers license and...AH! Ty bts ty, now I have ambitions that I do not want. you guys happy? 0_-
they are making it sound like if you choose to be an army, it is a sin that you made
I play the flute...\n\n\n\n\n\ncome follow, my hyungs. <3
even bts know we need to stop obsessing over those asian boys... dang\ni just joined this fandom and im a bit scared now bc of this song lol
Jungkook: I'm here to save you. I'm here to ruin you.\nMe: I totally agree I have no biast list rn-
It's really creepy how the meaning actually describe my daily life like I always watch their videos and all instead of studying smh and i have important exam less than one month. And my grades are bad but bruhh if bts asks me to go study then bye youtube bye bts bye all im going to study my ass off and get good grades then fly to korea to meet them.
instead of BTS it should be BBQ because ARMY's just got ROASTED XD\n\n* *cue jin's windshield laugh* *
the sound at the last was really weird.
lol I'm listening to this while studying😂
Why do I find the chorus and bridge sensual? 😂 plus kookie's husky voice. Okay. My green mind is taking over me.
I suddenly feel bad for fanboys and I don't know why.
i blushed. i read the lyrics until I  realize something. they are starring  at me rn. 😳😣😊
Ya jungkook stop funking playing with my heart
TURKEY ARMY💞
my favorite song!!! 😍😍😍
I FEEL SO GUILTY-
Okkayy BUTT *SORRY WHATT IS BTS??* BETTER TO go STUDY😶
BTS: You're not being punished\nARMYs: YoUrE nOt BeInG pUnIsHeD
theyre basically saying that once we jimin, we cant jimout
Jimin Jin V Jhope Suga looovveee
good girl omg
Love BTS
I LOVE👌👌
V' and jimins  voice god damn \n 😍😍
I DONT GET WHY NOBODY MENTIONS ABOUT HOW SUGA WHISPERS OMG MY HEARTU
WONDERFUL
You know i wont reject tae tae
That moment when you live in Hameln (Hamelin) ^^ <3
Even years after it was announced, this art still blows me away.
Good job!...  looks tough...  it's nice to see a gaming journalist who is able to get past the tutorial.  :)
Clearly you don't have an exhorbitant amount of experience in the industry as you seem to know how to play a video game.  Looks like a blast!
Wow this art and animation...
How did u get past the tutorial?
It was a close call, but someone *finally* took down Hilda's moon form!
I'm getting a lot of Contra and Gradius vibes from this game.
Really looks like a cartoon is on😂😂😂 I can't tell where it loops unlike other games, there's no break in the animation here
The boss battles look amazing. But the in-between bits look a little lackluster. The game was originally supposed to be just boss battles, and I hope there's a mode like that in the game. I will buy this simply because it looks incredible and because I want to support the developers who have put themselves in a financial hole to make this game.
The hero is a Cuphead - Is there any beverage link to power ups or health - like soda or coffee gives you an extra life?
2:21 not gonna lie it scared me how close that was
Finally we see Zeppelin's last form, I might have some trouble fighting her
This is gonna be great
Oh hey, someone that can actually play the game.
Ok so THIS lady is very good at this game from what I can see. It's nice to see someone who's COMPETENT at games. Job well done since this is literally the ONLY time I've seen any reviewer beat the Zeppelin boss. I give this vid two thumbs up (and  a like).
I hope there are cheats so I can play with my son :D he'd love this one.. little hard for 3 year old tho haha
This game will still be relevant 10 years from now for the art style alone... probably even longer than that.
Wow someone who can handle this game is playing.
This game idea just wows me every time I watch it. The Art, Music, SFX, and story idea are amazing. I can't wait to get my hands one this game.
What? Someone who can actually play a game... on a game journalism channel? What is this heresy!
So Cuphead is early Disney's Contra.
I CANNOT be more excited for this game. How is it only $20?????
This game looks like it is going to be amazingly infuriating....and I can't wait!
That song reminds me soo much of skullgirl
The boss battles look amazing, you can tell everything in between was kind of tacked on
The art style is still stunning but the gameplay looks pretty dull.
wait, this is not 20 min long... ;)
The art for this is incredible, but the sound effects, while appropriate, make me want to rip my ears off.
finally gameplay where someone is actually good at games
I wonder how many young people watching this video realize this was a cartoon format LONG ago, even before I was born.
If Walt Disney made Contra
Dean Takahashi would put you to shame...
Visually, it's orgasmic!
Not bad for a $5.00 game I guess
You know, I've never really been a fan of the 1920s cartoon aesthetic, and I hate this type of music, but man from the moment I saw this game revealed I have loved it. I appreciate the craft on so many different levels. Day one.
This game is gonna be released on pc too right?
Hi. Just curious. I know this is an Xbox exclusive, but any chance this fire coming to the Switch?\nIs it a timed indie exclusive or are the chances like having Banjo coming back to Nintendo?
#First
Game LOOKS amazing. I'm unimpressed by the depth of the game and the sound effects leave a lot to be desired. Atleast from what I can see from the demo. Not to say I won't support the game. Love the art style. Hoping this is still an early version and they fill out the enemy sound effects a bit more and show more depth in the pre boss game play. (better platforming, unique mechanics, creative boss battles, etc)
None of that DOS buildup, and WEEZER!!\n\nWindows 95 was the SHIT!
this is the kind of acting that made daniel day lewis retire.
An entire orphanage full of children must be sacrificed to make amends for this video.
This is a nice introductory video to those who haven't seen the full video yet.
New video here! https://youtu.be/8i-4ZFl8P5U
That feeling when grandpa is playing better than me. Damn.
What a legend
Finally a new gamin vid!!! 🙏
4 dislikes, the 4 people he killed. Lame....
He fought in the big war this is nothing to him.
I have a feeling this is the man responsible for the birth of Shroud.
TOLD YOU TO GET OFFA MY DAMN PORCH!
#GrampsForPresident
This makes me so happy on so many levels. Would love to play with you sometime.
And they say old people cant play games XD
FOLLOWED 4 LIFE! Is this the Gaming Grandpa Dunkey was talking about !??!?=!?!? Who can tell me !?
what did he say?
Asians are so bad at this game, its hilarious.
He's legit better than me and I have 300 hours under my belt..fuck my life man
You're so me in 25 more years of work. Gaming for lyfe. On ya Grandpa.
tfw you are in the peak age for gaming and this gramps would be owning most of us here.
I... haven't done this yet.\n\nI'm gonna just use FPP as my excuse.. ;D
My grandpa couldn't have made that shot!
Summit has let himself go huh
even god couldn't stop him :')
show this kids the oldschool tricks legend
Awesome Experience comes with age. 😎 👍\n\nLots of smiles from a 69' from Sweden.
Ah Asheron's call, Granpa nice he found his new home?
Damn, that was pretty good
Those guys will never know they got smoked by GRAMPS
i watched this 3 times lol so funny. u smashed a whole team lol
Holy. Shit.\nBoys servered up hot, with a side of salt.
In the old days, firing a shotgun through the doorway was the polite way to announce you were entering a room.
In my squad we call this shotgun the grandpa's shotie. Now its the official name :)
I love how he leans to the right to see better through that doorway.
Never again say:My Grandpa could have made that shot!
A fucking god among us dear lord.
Give him an Honor Medail pls
my grandpa played in real life now i dont have him to teach me how :\
GET OFF MY LAWN!!!
sub!
love it :D
That's fucking awesome man
DOUBLE BARREL OP
GG gramps.
Get off my lawn?
wow
NA Servers
LUL
Your a Badass grandpa
3pp so good
foxy grandpa
niiiiice
Came from Reddit. You're effing legit. Subscribed.
Subbed.
Yay Gramps :D Kick them kids ass :P lol
sick quad kill gramps! nice title too lol
Dang it Grandpa!!
Bahaha!! Epic!! Way to to Gpa!! <3
10/10
Man this grampa rocks
subscribed
Wow
damn
lmao
outstanding buddy
This is great! Could we feature this clip on our show Highlight Reel? We link out/credit every clip we feature.
I'm not even upset that its tpp.\nWell done, man.
I wonder what they were thinking, like there were 4 of us and we just died to a grandpa... what is life
Hey there,\nYour Videos are amazing!\nI work for GamePro and GameStar, two gaming pages on facebook with more than 600k fans combined. Would it be ok for you if we created a video based on yours?\nWe would credit your channel/video in the top-comment and tag your FB-Page in the post's status, so that our fans could become fans of your page in a second. I think that your work could reach a lot of people who yet have to see your amazing work!\nLet me know what you're thinking.\nCheers, Philipp\n\nEspecially we're interested in the following clip: https://youtu.be/7vdNTw3zzEs
why i wasnt watching the stream this time :c
do you stream?
3rd person? zzzzzzzzzz
God tier gameplay right there!
lol wtf
What's your twitch? I would love to follow
Grandpa or not i hate TPP always so i do now. TPP mechanics lul
wtf has it got to do with Richard Madeley or anybody else for that matter?
they're two adults forming a relashionship, nobody on this earth has the right to say anything.
Who? Why is this important?
Anybody would attack if you've being locked up for that amount of time , when he should be out , an what's he going to say when he see luton , fuck me were you dropped me off ? Paki fucking stan , all I want is a apple pie not a bloody curry an loads of fucking sex cases
Richard Madeley is a stuttering gibberish bell end and what’s more the cock twat got his facts wrong lol numpty
Coming from this guy \n Hes a shoplifter
Piers Morgan number 2.. What a prick!!!
Id love his porn tash around the base of my meaty length.
What happened to Lorraine Etherington who was engaged to Bronson a couple of years back?
Has there been a helium leak.........pssssssssss
He’s never getting out of jail and she’s just a fame whore
Think Richards been taking tips off Piers Morgan lol
Why are all these 2k views videos in the trending tab all of a sudden? How is this #27 in trending?
fiance? hes been inside for 30 years.. so she got with him outta clout? women are weirdos hahahaha
Tony bhlair is a bigger criminal than this guy....
Richard is a complete dick.
Fiancee lol ok. He's never getting out, pointless.
When did Richard become such a gobby, shitty presenter? Maybe I was just too young & naive in my childhood to fully be aware of how he presented This Morning with Judy, but I don’t ever recall him having this much of a cocky arrogance about him.\nHe’s not asking questions from the public, he’s projecting his own opinions onto her & using that as an excuse, that’s poor journalism & completely unprofessional. \n\nNo one has the right to tell her who she can & can’t love.It’s not about acceptability, no one has to accept it, it’s their lives, & they have the freedom to do whatever they choose to with their emotions & feelings.
Charles Bronson is a fucking scumbag, let the cunt rot in jail. This dopey bitch gets all wet over violent men!? Send her to the Jihadis. ANd to all you pathetic dimwits who idolise this cretin; EAT MY SHIT!
Richard should stick to shop lifting wine from Tesco. Always thought he was a shitty presenter, I wonder how is alcoholic wife is doing?
They invite this women to come on their show for an interview and general talk about her relationship.  Why is the host not being a host and starting arguments. His opinion should be neutral no matter what his personal views. \n\nThis is just pathetic and I feel sorry that women had to go through that interrogation. \n\nHe is a full on posh beta cuck that says anything to please the majority.
That. Was. Fucking. Awesome.
Time-stamps:\n1:20:00 - Ian Bell joins the Live Chat (On the right Hand Side)\n2:03:20 - Ian Bell joins the Discord Chat (Audio Q/A)\nI wanted to clarify the basis of the interview as I've been asked by a handful of people. There was no prior arrangement made for Ian to come into the stream, it was completely off the cuff which is the surreal part of all of this. I was simply Live Streaming Project Cars 2 and Ian Bell popped up into the live feed chat. I invited Ian to come into Discord which he was an absolute pleasure to have on. \n\nIan was a completely open book - He spoke in great detail about prior business dealing that went awry with EA, growing up in Belfast with his Mum, dating tips for single guys, foreseeable updates for Project Cars 2 and other tidbits! he even strummed his guitar. What's the most amazing part is that he never once ignored any questions that anyone asked for the entire 5 hours he was on mic; respect!\n\nThanks again Ian Bell! It was absolute madness to have you come on the stream to talk to the peeps! :)
6:14:07 he talks how EA killed Shift guys!
EA = Evil Assholes ? LOL 😉
Legendary interview
EA is absolutely disgusting
This is amazing. Q&A sold me on the game, thanks Ian and Ozzie.
Aww man, wish I'd been around for this! Great to see Ian doing what he does best (stream/chat/forum bombing), always fun to watch the bossman doing his thing, and great job Ozzie for keeping up with him!
Thanks Ozzie for this really fascinating stream. And of course thank you Mr.Bell for the EPIC Q/A session!!!
Bell actually comes across decent here tbh. Weird as he always comes across an idiot when reading posts from him over the years but shows how different a person actually is with voice. He seems genuine with passion and i like the way he's says it how it is. Waiting for somebody like Empty Box to give some thoughts before buying as I didn't like PCARS. But still he gained a bit of respect from me here either way.
Best stream interview ever. I have supported Project Cars from day 1. Mr Bell sounds like a great man. If more people heard this, I am sure sales would increase massively. I play all the racing games, I play on PC, XBoxone and PS4. Project Cars 2 is the best racing game by far.
This is the best interview ever!!!
Pure Class .
+1 for Mosport! Great pick Ian. I used to watch F1 and motorcycle races there as a little kid while camping with my parents at the track over the weekend. Later on I would go to the SCAA races with my GF. Great memories.
If you enjoyed the live stream please show your support by leaving a like on the video :) This will assist in more opportunities in the future if it's looked in great favour!\n\nP.s. Ian Bell is the man!
EA Sucks
about the whole Aus/NZ pricing, you children should stop crying, yes you pay more but you also have double the minimum wage of UK so stfu
Complains about EA trying to fuck him, and then tells you to go out and fuck everyone you can (as long as there's condoms). That's a wide ranging Q&A right there
You can be a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\n \nGo and tell them Visceral Games\nGo and tell DICE the same\nTell the journalists, the critics, all the reviewers\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\n \nWell my fellow devs let me tell you the news\nWhen to get a pizza and a mountain dew\nI was talking to this EA suit, about a new IP in the works\nHe had invited my whole team out\nI have to admit that I had my doubts\nHe said “well done” and he wet his lips\nAnd then he came down with all those pink slips\n \nGo and tell them Visceral Games\nGo and tell DICE the same\nTell the journalists, the critics, all the reviewers\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\n \nYou can be a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\n \nThey may seem nice and let you be\nLetting you work freely on your new IP\nBut remember Marxis, Bullfrog too\nWhen they get a hold of you, you’ll see that it’s true\n \nYou can be a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nBe a dev for a long time\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\nSooner or later EA’ll cut you down\n \nGo and tell them Visceral Games\nGo and tell DICE the same\nTell the journalists, the critics, all the reviewers\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\nTell them EA is gonna cut you down\n\n[EA's Gonna Cut You Down - /v/ The Musical IV]
Well this i can read people even when they typing he could save that lol - felt to good to trash EA with 100% true facts and he lost control for a minute I guess :D
EA suck my dick i will never ever buy a game from you again :) the list gets longer. ubisoft/EA/activision no money from me. the little studios are making better games anyays since years. :)
So they gave him 3 Millions and than fired him? Monsters!!!
Congratulations are in order for Ian and the team.  I was one of the senior manager members of WMD for pCARS 1, and we had a very good result with it. Some of the drama that went on with pCARS 1 was ridiculous when placed in the context of the complexity of what they were trying to do.  Haters gonna hate, and all that.   It was unfortunate we weren't able to continue the relationship for pCARS 2, but if SMS were considering branching out and wanted to leverage some risk with some outside investment again, I'd be interested.
U kill Maxis\nU kill Bioware\nU kill Criterion Games\nU kill Westwood\nU fucked the whole gaming industry EA\nStop wasting ur money on this company
Wait the360-PS3  shift game? was need for speed all ways part of EA?
inb4 EA gets voted worst company in America again.
This CEO is cool as hell.\nAlso obligatory #FuckEA
Yes he is right, EA is soulless monster...but everybody know that, do they?
well, you deal with one the worst companis ever, VERY know to kill franchises and studios....what were you expecting????
Lmao We had one guy that left to join Pixar, hell I would've left to join PIxar. This CEO is a savage, EA is getting exposed.
6:15:35 wwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhwwwwwwww - sincerity 100%\n\nso the guy is finally breaking the protocols while throwing a bomb at EA, and this fella was driving? hell yeah, bring me wayne´s world handsome Dan scene.
Wonder how EA will react to this.
I like this video but the chase cam + the wheel = ridiculous... :/
it's not even humanly possible to read 150-200 books a year with a schedule like his.
with my realism glasses on :   ian probably burned soo many bridges with the first project , that going on random streams is his only option for an interview.\n\nhowever , pre- ordered and cant wait to try it out  in a few hours from now.
Legend. I throw something hard and spikey at the person that tries to use anything said in this stream against Ian Bell. Open candid chat like this is becoming rarer and rarer and we all lose more to over bearing political correctness than we take damage from edgy chat. More humanity 4tw!
Looks like EA secured 'Worst company of the Year' AGAIN with this.\nCongratulations! /slowclap
That was excellent, Ian is a legend.
Holy shit that got cringey at times but that was so cool.
Stream of the year!
Classic LeMans coming fuck yeah
Fuck EA
I'm not sure where Ian Bell gets his energy, amazing. He's been up for 60 hours and he STILL has the passion and desire to spend this much time on a live stream talking about his game, the industry etc. Respect.
hahaha, EA loosing some on stockmarket :D https://goo.gl/VNecyT
Fuck EA.
On the Rallycross I'm trying to turn on practice side, the problem is that those tracks don't really have pit areas in the traditional way in real life, so on a lot of them we couldn't really enable practice sessions. You can of course use them in private practice, but having a practice session before a race isn't possible due to you having no place to take the car outside the track.
Fascinating stuff!
Really loved this, great conversation both ways. Ian Bell really impressed me and I'm so glad even though I'm skint at the moment I saved enough to buy the deluxe edition on steam, and can support both this and future PCars.  Thanks for sharing both.
more bad things to add onto the pile of how bad ea is.
Great video, amazing stuff.\nAmazing to listen Ian praising Assetto Corsa, greatness recognizes greatness, never forget.\nBest part was listening Ian telling the simcade troll to funk off, these guys need to stop with this bullshit of bashing pCARS for not being a sim, it´s a sim, a very good one. Full stop.\n\nThanks guys, you´re amazing.
I love how the puddle stayed there for a freaking long time (Around 3:40:00). This was one of the  (minor)  gripes I had with PCars weather system, while it looked great, the transitions were little to fast, and the track changed from full wet to dry in 2-3 laps. I havent even consider buying this game outside of a sale, but now, after watching several streams and listening to this, down to the earth, honest, interview, I preordered. So yeah, Ian, you made a customer by jumping drunk and sleep deprived into a random stream :)
Best! Stream! Ever! 👌
He gave away a few things he shouldn't have, he will be in trouble for some of the things he said for sure.
Whos this dude? Interested in him
Hey man, it might be beneficial for you to put a time stamp down in the description that lets people skip to where Ian joins you on Discord!
First time here. Congratulations. Awesome interview indeed. The fact the CEO of SMS chose to come on live and open up about a range of topics speaks volumes about you and your channel. I've hit subscribe and look forward to seeing the channel develop and grow. Thank you
And here I am finished listening to the whole ~6hours of Q&A while trying to work. It surprisingly worked out fine. Entertaining AF. Especially Ians laughter.
That moment when you decide to boycott all EA games after they destroyed your beloved Mass Effect Series with Andromeda. I heard IAN in this video and I believe EA has done this to him. So I just bought Project Cars 2 for 80 euros and my machine will barely run it. I support the companies that deserve it such as Slightly Mad Studios and CDPR!\n\nPS: I work 12 hours a day and do not have to game anymore. You can imagine I did not need project cars 2 at all!
i was there and he answered my question thank you so much mr Ian for the awesome time you spent with us and im pre loading PC2 now
Got a link to the entire thing? This link starts halfway through.
So, a thing Ian clarified, he's really not happy about the opinion of other people hahahaha. Is very subjective the realism feel. It can be awesome, but for some people is just not good enough or just it doesn't feel right, what are you going to do? Kill them? My goodness.\nHe's really arrogant, maybe they have the most advanced physics in the market, but the difference is in how you say things. Plenty of other games had and have racing drivers helping them, but they're not telling, we're elite, we are better than you, if you can't see that you're an idiot. That's precisely why I can't hear him for too long. And even with aaaaaaaall of that, I and many others can't stand playing PCars.
sounds like Ian isn't telling all the truth
Isn't EA heavily associated with Microsoft? Makes sense then.
Hang on a minute... EA gave him 1.5 million... he blew that money then EA cancelled a game.. I am not really sure what they did wrong. I mean they cancelled a game.. that is it. Ian Bell sounds like a bit of cunt as well.. I mean I understand he is angry but he took the money told them they had access to the tech and then he scammed EA..
Project cars has really shifted gears.
where is the money from wiiu version of project  cars ?
Great interview.. But, Ian, you've pissed off a lot of Scotsmen and probably your host with the rambling statement regarding the kilt. Perhaps you should read about the Dress Act 1746 mate -\nThat from and after the first day of August, One thousand, seven hundred and forty-six, no man or boy within that part of Britain called Scotland, other than such as shall be employed as Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Forces, shall, on any pretext whatever, wear or put on the clothes commonly called Highland clothes (that is to say) the Plaid, Philabeg, or little Kilt, Trowse, Shoulder-belts, or any part whatever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland Garb; and that no tartan or party-coloured plaid of stuff shall be used for Great Coats or upper coats, and if any such person shall presume after the said first day of August, to wear or put on the aforesaid garment or any part of them, every such person so offending ... For the first offence,shall be liable to be imprisoned for 6 months, and on the second offence, to be transported to any of His Majesty's plantations beyond the seas, there to remain for the space of seven years. \nThe English government have tried to destroy our identity and culture for a very long time,  Saor Alba.
Why don't you finish eating before you start no one wants to see you eat?
And when we get pCARS 3?!
Oh and Ozzie, all the cars have multiple pre-saved setups on them (from launch on the PC and in a later update on consoles due to differences in how long it takes for patches to process on different platforms), on most cars you'll find a Stable and a Loose setup, on road cars you'll find an additional OEM setup that's supposed to be more like what the road condition car is (which might not be track friendly). If you find yourself struggling at first on the Loose setups (which is the default when using a wheel) go ahead and switch to the Stable ones, the brake balances and many other things are designed to be more resistant to things like sudden inputs etc. In the future if there's enough desire we might include stuff like pre-made low and high drag setups etc.\n\nOf course going over a crest while braking and turning is still going to be a though thing to handle no matter what the setup. =)
I am Bell is the biggest asshole in gaming. His company asked THOUSANDS if people to crowd fund his game, and then went out and got a publisher. He pocketed all of that crowd source money. He's a thief and a liar. Fucking asshole.
Ian Bell... Could you lie anymore?  Is such a thing even possible and at this point how can anyone besides the shills believe you?  You buy websites off to end negative coverage, surely you do it on YouTube as well.\n\nWould be very funny if EA sued you.  Oh God...the bells would ring, no pun intended.
He's bipolar. Maniac phases make him work and seek adventure because he doesn't need anyone. Depression phases make him try to escape and spite connection with his emotions.\n\nBut bipolar people have a third state: the normal state, because of that he has this brief episodes of emotional behavior and care for others, which triggers either a depression or a maniac estate. That's how bipolar people works.\n\nAlso, he seems to have a dark triad personality
My favorite part of episode 1 is him complementing the eggs and leaving them on his plate.
So your conclusion is no, then. You're like those climate change skeptics who say The climate has always been changing, hurr durr
For Real? It's a cartoon people.
Someone should make a video about all the videos talking about rick and Morty
'Rick is clearly successful at hiding emotional depth from others'\nwell there's one thing I can relate to at least.
He loves Morty he cried for Morty.  Bs on noob noob scene he didn't screwing up the machine its all but impossible the machine would of killed him, he didn't to openly admit it was Morty.
BOYS BOYS BOYS what if Rick's sign wave (Between caring and not caring) is what rick was referring to as 'Genius waves' in 'Close Rick counters of the Rick kind'--which is contradicted with the 'Morty waves' which is Morty's sign wave. The two different waves when combined (Caring, not caring, in denial of caring ect...) causes the Rick waves to be overpowered with the Morty waves, as Rick does care for his family deep down--which we know Morty does already--this double up of this emotion could hide the side of Rick where he seemingly doesn't care. (Hiding Rick in the process) Knowing this--when Rick had said 'a cocky Morty is bad news for everyone' might mean that Morty's sign wave would become more like Rick's, destroying the possibility of Morty being a camouflage to Rick. \n\n\n\nCome to think of it, maybe that's why Evil Morty's Rick isn't present, as he was somehow killed (Due to the camouflage being uncovered, as Evil Morty's sign waves may have become more like a Ricks). And maybe that's why the Rick's (who wanted to capture our rick and Morty) kept Doofus Rick around, as his sign wave may be more like a Morty's, camouflaging the ricks. \n(lmao this became a rant sorry)
I think rick really does care and try's to hide it as last time he cared  about morty he turned into evil morty. I think the theory that says morty is actually just as smart as rick but he has to keep in the dark so he doesn't turn out like his original morty, evil morty.
Omg rick is a girl on her period 🤣🤣
Rick loves has daughter, I think that's his one redeeming quality.
wow that was great
I think he said once that you should not TRUST him, I don't remember what episode though..
I don't want to go down the Rickspiracy rabbit hole too easily but we constantly see other Ricks on the show, a nearly infinite number of them. It's hard to imagine that when we see Rick behaving very differently and constantly popping back and forth between dimensions that we're dealing with the same Rick.
That diagram at 0:26 made my brain leap
I wouldn't really say changed The reason why i like R&M is because the character development. It's growth. It was intended
Here's an interesting theory.\nWhat if our rick was the rick that visited the Rick in the flashback in S3E1.\nHe was the one who truly invented the portal gun, and ended up killing that rick's wife and daughter.\nThat would explain why he cried at that scene, and why he was able to alter it. because he just imagined what went on from the other rick's perspective. Maybe after that happened, the Rick whose family died tried to hunt down our rick. Maybe he became simple rick.
No, but Morty has!! Just look at him go! Hahahaha!
Oh and the Fake Reality. If it isn't Real then Rick Fantasize to be with Annie? xD
the rickest of ricks has no f*cks to give
Which episode was it were Rick gave Morty a noogie?
So if Rick's character ark is a sin wave, is Morty's a cos wave?
i don't think rick has changed but rather we are slowly going more in depth with his character and learning more about him.
This show has a complexity that is    hands down the most beautiful thing ive ever seen.
What would be amazing: a rick and morty movie (and no even tho rick and morty is a parody of back to the future, it doesn't count)
