1.Down\n2.He like That\n3.Angel (should be the lead single)\n4. Make you mad ( should be 2nd single)\n5.Lonely nights (3rd single)\n6.Bridges (4th single)
Lauren is overrated by the fans sad 😒
Next single ?
What did one wall say to the other wall?\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMeet you at the corner once I'm done giving birth to this child.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldK9qvRBkMI
How does she grow her hair that fast tho
i was about to watch this video until she said never before seen clip, i was like nope no spoilers
Eleven is back from the upside down ! Soo excited for season 2!!! 😃 I hope Mike and El go to snowball his time!❤️
Her teeth is so cute.
WHAT IF IT'S ANOTHER WORLD, THERE COULD BE MULTIPLE 'UPSIDE DOWNS' \nWHAT IF THIS IS THAT WORLD WHERE WILL KEEPS SEEING THE NEW MONSTER
Thanks soon much Millie 😌😌😌😌 us fans really owe you one 😜😜😜😜😜😜😜
I got nothing better to do now that PLL and Teen Wolf has ended 😭❤️ Recommendations?Xx
I'm So excited
The metaphor of the hole looking like a vagina is a metaphor for how eleven is being reborn again after her life changing adventure with the kids and fighting the demagorgan. her character has changed, she is stronger now, this is emphasised with her change in appearance for the rest of the show, as she is seen with curly hair as apposed to a buzz cut. she's not the scared test subject  anymore, she's Eleven. Expect a very different character this season
*_How it feels to chew 5 gum_*
I’m just waiting for the reunion scene
She came back to go to the Snowball Dance with Mike
Mike, she’s still your date remember, she’s comingggg
I feel so funky lol If any one knows what line that movie that's from get back to me .
Janitor:this is why I sleep at this school cause they never let me leave it’s always a mess around here
I can't wait!!!!
THE NOISES ARS SO GROSS W H A T
Did a 12 year old just blow me a kiss nigger?
When do you think the illuminati casting couch consumes her soul?
I wonder if Harry Jew Fuck Weinstein molested her.  Jews are killing Hollywood.
I'm so mad that I grew up at the same time and in the same town as her and I never got to say hi 😂😩
Millie could make an ideal stage Peter Pan! At first glance I thought she's a very pretty boy with long curly hair, and she almost sounds like a really adorable boy.
She is way too sophisticated for her age, like i find it cringy almost. I know that's a bit harsh but... yeah.
Reminds me of that video I watched one time... Live birth I think it was called
Excited for season 2. Millie is such a good actress, especially being so young and playing such a big character :)
Who's the new girl? We haven't gotten much on her yet
I'm just still trying to figure out how she'a alive
How can anyone dislike this video
This is how feminists are born
I watched the first episode only \nSo do they find their friend?
Oh my gods, I cannot wait for season 2!!
I have a feeling this is one of the first scènes of the new show....yessss you go girl!!!
Close your eyes while watching it
god i forgot how scary eleven was a times I LOVE HER!!!!!
I was biting my entire wrist watching this.
Never seen before clip... cos it hasn't been released yet millie lol
It's very rare to find a cast that works. Every single person who starred in this is fantastic. So I'm grateful to see another season. Only downside, if this continues to be great. The Duffer brother's can rip up their plans for an ONLY 4 season show, cos' this has the potential to go the full hog like 'Supernatural' has and Eric Kripke only planned that for 3-5 season's at most; now look at it. Yeah 'Stranger Things' is a cool show. Love it.
I love her hair so much
I want to ruffle her hair.
When she said in the mean time check out this.... her hand gesture reminded me of every granddad in the world.
look how Russian police tries to stop this man\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sgcDVIfoD0
I can’t wait to see mikes face when he sees 11 again
Me trying to come out
I am actually so excited!!!
Awww yes! Canny wait!!!! A wee catch up wi season one is at hand me thinks! Hmmmm.... *taps lips with forefinger* 😙
I have no words rn
Showed this to my mother, she said this was how i was born.
I have long hair
Glad I'm actually going there for the Friday
That was easier done then said...
I thought that was a boy with curly hair.
Omg omg so el and mike haven’t seen each other for probably almost a year and I can’t wait to see their reactions when they see each other. I’m crying
I literally CANT WAIT !!! It’s coming on the best day possible it’s the day before i go on holiday so I can download it and watch it on the plane 😆😆 IM LITERALLY WAITING TO SEE MIKES REACTION TO EL
There's no way this shit is keeping me from the snowball DAMN IT!
Same A.J Taylor\nI can't wait for season two
I think Mike and El's reunion is gonna be so sweet! Between that, the new characters and finding out what happened to poor Will in the Upside-Down that's causing his terrible sickness, I'm so pumped for season 2!
looks like a young kevin keegan
E é nesse momento que vc fala, FODEU
please share and subscribe the latest video which covers POSTNATAL/POSTPARTUM depression  in UNDER 3 MINUTES;\nhttps://youtu.be/oVgn12jhmLo
Looks like she might be in Star Wars episode 8
Can you sub me I need to get to 325 subscribers before my birthday 28th October it’s all I would like for my birthday! Besides giving my family more love for the next chapter of my life 💗💗💗
Did I just watch a wall give birth to her,that's sure as hell what it looked like lmao
Born again!
😱😱😱
YES
EW THE NOISES
LOVE her accent 😍😍😍
OMG MY NAME IS MILLIE
Ugly kids, proud parents
She looks like Mike!
Millie Bobby Brown Best Poses https://goo.gl/2Ly1s6 Live Video
Boy or girl?
I wasnt expecting that accent...
AH
Wait el is alive wtf yesssssssss😄😄😄
Thank you Millie!!!!!
No more Yul Brenner
Eleven is alive
whend her hair come back
edubs > rive gum
definetly will watch thuis
Give me more!!!!
Tracy Beaker... Ahem...
*1:20** Neo...is that you...?*
Awesome 👏
01:16 Ace Ventura any one?
She's kind of annoying when out of character...
@everyone PEOPLE OF KEKISTAN! Our noble and supreme kekistan leader bigmantyrone has declared a meme jihad against boston SJW's. We must do our service and shitpost on every social media sight, and spread the word of kekistan. shadilay my friends. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Why does she have short hair while breaking out. Shouldn’t she have cutly hair now
I hope they don’t make more than 3 seasons of this, I feel like there’s not much more they could do.
Oh it's a girl.
I cannot wait for the sex scene with el and mike
Why are shows like this overhyped aF
So from what I can tell, El can create gates to go in and out of the upside down, or at least change them.
IS THAT A GIRL OR FAGGOT
Wake up folks, it's a boy.
Wers barbie?
Yes
Omg hahaha.
Bad deal
First vid. LOL LOL AWESOME <3 subbed LOVE you're closet
<3 :3 hehehehe
Super bad deal!!
Bad deal
Eyeshadow makes your eyes pop!!
Your hair <333
Loving the hair.
https://www.ebay.com/itm/90s-Mystery-Surprise-Box-Nostalgia-/253213303651?hash=item3af4b06363:g:g4IAAOSwyi9Z5le~
I thought i was watching buzzfeed
Jaune Babouche xD
You must be so disapointed... Hugs!
sorry to hear!]
Shes so calm about everything 😂💕
You got conned honey...
Hi
Wow. Rip off. Bummer deal.
Buyer beware.
brain death
Honestly that Paula's choice 2% BHA exfoliant is my holy grail
Love the wig!Xx👌👍💕
What eyeshadow is she wearing?
What a rip off.
Wow 500 bucks for used samples from a makeup counter from a store cosmetic area. Nice! What a rip off.
Def. not $500 worth of stuff BUUUTTTTT that Paula's Choice BHA is one of my all time favorite skin care products. It's the best largest, most affordable, fragrance free, alcohol free, low pH, salicylic acid/BHA, that I've found. Great for acne and clogged pores without being over drying.
Bunny! I found also a 90s mysterybox for $ 500 at spookyfern ♡♡
With $500 one could buy a brand new designer's bag. What a waste
haven't been here in soooo long. the new intro is super sweet! i still have my swamp fam keychain on my keys ! ❤️
I wear chanel chance . I love it
Yea this wasn't worth $500 maybe $300 cause alot of it was used and samples.
It's all like it's used bags and clearly someone's sample stash. Lol
Why dont you do Does This Thing Really Work??
ive been with your channel for so long its nice to see how far youve come!!!
This chick is a genius. I think she works in the costmetics dept of a department store. Those nail polishes look odd because they are testers. She sold her old bag, stuffed it full of samples and mailed it.  Why did i never think of this?? Of couse clean and unused is key. Thanks!! Also Paula's choice is an amazing line - all natural. Big in the pac nw. Check out the website.
😂these videos are the best. It's just people complaining about the crap they got even though they decided to pay $500 for random stuff
you should ask for a refund.  I bought one from ebay seller beautyessentials_5.  the box had only luxury items in it new with tags.
Thank you for making this video for your viewers. It seems like you had fun doing it and that's what we like to see. You live your life and you do you and your real fans will still be here watching. I'm so sorry that people find your videos in the trending section and come into the comment section and leave hate. You are all about love and happiness and you don't need this negativity. Keep shining sunshine, what's why we stick around. 🌞
I wouldn't pay 500$ for that.
They have haunted themed boxes too
Wow, looks like a bunch of used samples in an old purse someone let their kid play dress up with.
i think what we have here is a recently divorced 45 year old man, trying to make the best of his ex-wifes stuff
If the Paula's choice is real, it's the brand that I swear by because all of their products are created with references to scientific journals, dermatologists, trials and studies, etc. They have evidence to actually back up their claims, and their products work!\nI fricken swear by the BHA and spf moisturizers, and the toners ahhh
Damn u got rip off ithink the nail polish  where the store display
this person must've worked at Nordstrom or something.
Sounds like a Sephora employee bought a used handbag and stuffed it full of whatever they could get their hands on at work.
what a rip off!!!!!!
I haven't watched her in 2 years and I didn't even know it was her 😂
U know that's someone's stolen bag...🤔🤔🤔
I like your videos bunny so does my daughter
That was not worth $500.  😐
Sounds to me like the lady who sold this got a regular shipment of free samples and threw in a purse and a shirt then sold it
I feel like the person who sent this box works at a make up counter lol
is it a wig or real hare but no matter what I love it keep doing it in the videos💋❤💙💚💛💜💓👍👌
Yuck!  Contact seller and get a full refund.
You know what I find weird I play hockey and I'm watching something that's related to makeup
Paulas Choice is a good and respectable brand
it's been long since i dont visit her channel, but i didn't knew she was on the intro that everyones has now
i wonder if its airport lefovers!
How do you like LaMer? awesome description and comments on the products.   I'd feel ripped off because the seller must have worked at a makeup counter :/
The higher end stuff will have the cello wrap.Be careful and the makeup you can cut the top of it off some if its been used.And someone said to watch using the nail polish if its been used before you could take your own in and they will use it on you as not to use the one every one else uses and take it home when your done.But they put nail polish remover in theirs if it gets to tacky so the chemicals alone would maybe kill the germs in it but I don't know but I will ask my friend who went to school for it and I'm sure she will know and I will come back and let you all know if anyone wants.
WHAT ARE YOU WEARING ON YOUR EYES
Paula's Choice is really good stuff.
WTF are people buying mystery boxes for? They can’t find something else to spend their $500 on? They end up with garbage.
It looks like you received a bunch of Ulta “damages”.
I subscribed as soon as she said can you get nail fungus from used nail polish.
First of all, I would never purchase a mystery item unless I was doing it as charity. Second, what an effing rip off. The seller should be booted off ebay. I can understand why you made the purchase  (for your viewers), but anything else is just sad.
You do know there are a lot of fake make up? Get a refund.
Do a video on the difference on cheap mystery boxes and expensive mystery boxes and if it’s which one is worth it!
Someone just cleaned out their closet and makeup drawer and sold it to you. lol.
I love you so much🐰 💖💖💖💖💝💝💝💝💛💛💛💛💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜💚💚💚💚❤❤❤❤💗💗💗💗💓💓💓💓💕💕💕💕💞💞💞💞💘💘💘💘
Oh wow. You should get a refund because you payed $500 and got a used bag , a shirt, a bunch of free samples, a bunch of used makeup products, used samples, and a few full size products (some were used). I just think you got ripped off...
Nail polishes are without top caps because they are all testers. Btw, what was in the small pocket inside the bag? When you show the bag lining, there is something in that pocket...
Tell Guy that this should be your next hair colour, you suit it so much
Paula's choice is a expensive brand. LOVE THEM.
Okay who cares about finger prints?! It’s all used! Lol
just curious if mystery boxes can be returned ......
I'm guessing one or two (or all, who knows) of the nail polishes were missing the toppers anyway so they took the others off hoping that you wouldn't be aware of the brand and wouldn't know about the toppers. If they left one on it's more obvious that the others are missing pieces.
Do you ever wonder how much of an impact your making on the planet with all the products you use.  Just asking no judge.  Luv ya
Now I’ve got to get a 90’s mystery box on EBay for you to get.😂🤑
(About the mascara) How would you know if any of these have been used?  *Sniffs mascara brush*
Give them a bad review!!
When I just watched it and it was at the end and u showed the dirty bag there was something colorful in the inside pocket
And here I'm like you never heard of Paula's Choice before???!
I have so much fun watching your videos and even connected to your Instagram and Facebook. I know I'm like as old as a dinosaurs but I love makeup and skincare and hair and all the above so I've been playing with my channel for 6 years now and I still don't know what I'm doing do you freelance is there any way you can help me make my channel pretty and intros and outros I need a freelancer somebody to help me I give up I know I'll never get anywhere with my channel like this oh wait maybe it's me I don't know what the hell I know I suck but it's better to blame my channel right right
There was something in the pocket of the bag, did anyone see that?
Video starts at 3:05 , you're welcome!
i want to know which prostitutes grave was exhumed to get this purse
OMG she is a witch.... pls don´t use your magic to become famous! its not a honor for the witches.
Love the hat and the hair and the outfit
I mean you did get a lot lux products, but buying anything online that's a mystery your going to get ripped off. But a lot more then what some people get
Bunny think the person worked at a high end department store\nBeauty counter
Do more it was interesting
WHat a scam
Im guessing free perfume samples, and thrift shop finds
so someone gave you used makeup that belonged to a probably dead rich woman...
They worked at a designer makeup counter that gives away free samples
i could buy all of those items brand new for a cheaper price
Omg.... wtf is ur hair.
It was so nice peaceful before .. now he has to hear the World :) GOD bless this little  little sparrow .
Oh my god so sweat  he or she😂 is umbelivebul
Have a beautiful life sweet Charlotte and dance to the music! :)
Maybe it's just me but it *looks* as if this baby understands what her mommy is saying. I mean just look at how when her mom says something, she responds with *just the right* facial expression.  It's fascinating to see. Also, this *is* emotional, for all of us.
This will be on Ellen i bet
Awh she doesnt know how to act
The baby cried cause you were filming vertical.
Please make more videos of your baby. New sub here💕😢
So beautyful \nMore than 100000 dogs \n( some people belives that a dog is nice)
Just saying the baby was deaf so he or she couldn’t hear anything until the doctor gave the baby something that then the baby could hear and he or she isn’t use to it so yea
So i would guess this is a nerly fully deaf baby who Got her hearing back... nerly the same happened to me when i was a child. I just had it for 3 years and it was being under Water the whole time for me. The downside for me was i nerly couldn't sleep for the pain in my ears and the doctors were in general to late to find it. I even Got diagnosed with autism becaurse i hadn't learned to talk by then. At least after they found out the problem they Quickly fixed it. Still to late in my book and my parents but it all Went Well anyway.\nits good to see others being treated for it and they too gets Their hearing back!
how did i get here?
Your baby has borderline, so sorry.
*<-- SUBSCRIBE to my channel and I subscribe to yours. Like 👍 and comment to subscribe. CHAIN 🔗😊*
*_Какой миленький!Он еще не совсем понимает,что с ним..и мамой..)))_*
Beautiful ☺️
Aww
Cute
*sniff* Damn allergies acting up again
Priceless!
💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
Sherlock looks dumb
Que hermoso😢😍
恐嚇https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jI9p27niLIY
………
Se estaba cagando
Hh
😢
A
i cri evrytiem :(
mi canal busca atencion
No i kurwa co to ma być?
que tiernooooo
oh ! he so cute.
😍😍
Coisa mais fofa!
Baby putin
😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😧😧😧😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😘😍😍😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😃😃😃👍👍😮😮😂🤣😂🤣😂!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Que bello bebe🤗❤
Like y Suscribete mi canal. Nos ayudamos?? Vamos a crecer! Animo besos! 👏
419  amargados no los conmueve ni la ternura de este precioso bebe. por diossss.
No se ustedes pero yo no entendí un choto
Nem is csinál semmit
Gorgeous! Beautiful tender moments! This is what life is all about.
this makes wanna have a child now
I. AM. DYING. RIGHT. NOW.😍😍😍😍😍
This is a most amazing science-thing I've seen in years; I was just thinkng the other day about young kids asking about adults being so happy that they cry - and so you have to explain that they're just happy tears. I thought it was learned behavior.\n Amazing and so cute! It made me so happy I about cried too!
Everybody saying this is a mature reaction, but just maybe, just maybe a poop is creeping in while someone is making funny noises so the baby doesn't know what to do first poop or laugh.
God bless u.. get very well soon...
This is beautiful. Brought me to tears.
this is so cute😊😊😊😊
the most emocional thing what i saw in a loooong time
What in the world  I just saw how many people  but a thumbs  down  that is so mean that is a baby hearing  his mother for the first time that got me so mad 😠😬
The so cut l am crying xoxo so happy
this has made my whole year
Good to see the creators of LA Noire had a part in the mech. behind that child.
This made me cry, I can't even breathe. This is beautiful in so many levels... God bless this baby and her parents.
I cried so much this is the cutest ever 😭😍❤️❤️
I can't understand how there is people that click Don't like
You’ll be healed child in Jesus’ name, amen!
Best video I've ever seen. Thank you. God bless you both and your family. Glad that your baby can hear you
wow, what a beautiful angel! wish him a happy and wonderful life!
Bless you both. As a father of an 8 month old I know the roller coaster it is, seeing your daughter's reaction was wonderful.
This is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. God bless you and your beautiful child!
FOLLOW ME KIDS I HAVE CANDY
am i the only one who wanna have a baby soon?
Watch this baby almost moved to tears in hd in my channel. It has almost 5 million views.
Oh god, my heart can only take so much 💖
Look at those eyes! Aurora Bluerealis, its so beautiful.
*Put me down you fkn women, just put me down. Oh fuck I can't, talk, so I need to cry, but STOP HOLDING ME*
You made me cry baby😭
THIS MADE ME CRY SO MUCH😢😢
i have hearing aids feels great hearing for the first time
Why am i crying?. Whats this soul wrenching  feeling?
This is the cutest thing ever! What a beautiful baby. I forgot all my problems while watching this.
I'm so sad. = (
😢😢😢
So cute
so cute
So sweet
How anyone could dislike this baffles me...
Elen and Lloydi, ski https://youtu.be/yEs-PTialBw
SO CUTE <3
OHH SO CUTE.
#1 inte trendings.... and only 646 subs... wtf
So adorable. Maasallah.
Ohhh very cute
:D
Beautfiul.
I'm crying !!
Baby is so cute
So cute BTW its teremoana
Boto por El Bebe
This got me crying 😢
SO CUTE😍😍😍😄
Beatiful <3
JAJAJAJA MARIKON CULIAO
no entiendo NADA de lo que dice pero lo veo porque está en tendencia ahre
Why has she not seen her baby before? Or did I understand something wrong?
Que dice el titulo en español
Only about 2 cakes a day! Well i wonder how good it could actually be!
You'll wake up with huge tits the morning after!
How much is the cake?
lovely <3
This is the reason I like America.. monstrosities in their food..
its called dobos cake in my country,looks similar to that
I've had one before. And that was when I realized such a thing as too sweet. Not to be disrespectful or anything, but it was 100x too sweet. I didn't really like the chcolate mousse either. But the cake itself was good.
That's how you know you the G.O.A.T when you have a cake layered after your number 23 and a restaurant named after you
I don't even like chocolate\n\n\n\n\nWhat am I doing here
If you gave me that cake it would be gone in 5 seconds.
They already posted a video of the EXACT same cake except it was 24 layers 😂
And you guys want to kick these people out of your country FOOOOOLS
Pure stupidity if all the layers are the same flavor
Ayy my lucky number's 23 too...alongside with 8
I'm hungry now, and I just had loads of food.
What does basketball do with baking? This is not to be rude or bully
gotta admit that 23 layered cake \nis a good food to make you have the cavities
My friend dollop will go Gaga over this place.
I thought it was the actual Michael Jordan. The basketball legend
A titanic is sailing in my mouth
Mmm.... No I am sharing this with um my life
Shouldn't it have been 23 layers
This shall be my last meal before I die.
Whats the best thing to put in a cake?\n\n\n\n\nYour teeth.
I was hoping it was mj who made the cake
HOW DID I MISS THIS WHEN I WAS AT GRAND CENTRAL?!
Looks like the cake from Matilda
Still waiting for MJ to appear and swallow it...
This is excessive, but still not in a way...
Bet you it taste like diabetes
nice 1 min 33 seconds ad. Where the video at?
Every time I see a big chocolate cake I think of the movie Matilda.
Michael Jordan has a restaurant?
I have never seen a 10 layer cake!
oh yea  oh yea i like that oh yea mmm oh yea put it there oh yea oh yea
Imagine how much pain and control the baker has to go through
Isn't this where dat bich got that damn frie??
23 is also my lucky number
I just wanna know how much a slice is
23 LAYERS, INCLUDING THE ICING. WTF? WHO COUNTS ICING AND FILLING AS LAYER? THIS IS CLICKBAIT IN A WHOLE NEW LEVEL.
The chef looks like a Mexican Murr from Impractical Jokers.
Nothing is to much food FOR ME!!!
The only thing I'm getting out of this are 24 layers of diabetes.
“Diabetes on a plate”
Dam son where'd you find this
This is bad for you
A large French frie, now this!
my birthday is also on nov 23
Must be a pain to make
I thought it was Michael Jordan making the cake. :(
Good thing I got the costco cake in the fridge. I won’t have to think about eating cake
Stop it, get some help.
It should be called Death by Chocolate Cake.
i thought its a 23 layer  cake, because it has 23 cakes. But because it has 12 cakes + 11 icing + ganache top
i never believed in love on first sight but now i get it
I'm pretty sure rosanna pansino can make a miniature version...
*He's a chocolate cake himself lmao*
Can I get one piece!
Holy ravioli
Looks more like Matilda Cake
23 layers interesting
hurray for that pinoy chef :)
That is soooo racist
my mouth become sooo wetttt... 23..
I’m having Matilda flashbacks.
Mmmmm twenty three layers of diabetes 😂
i wanna taste it 😢
Thats why he fat now
Micheal Jordan cake? Thats Prinzregenten Torte?! Its a german cake google it
That's racist.
Ohhh my freakin' 💖
Me want that!\nLooks tasty...
How about Michael Jordans number 45
I want one ☝
Smith Island Cake
diabetes
Where's Scottie Pippen's Cake?
haaam 😋
I wonder how he sliced them evenly?
What about recipe?
Diabetes
Wow!big size❗美味しそう
Looks good😎😉
looks like spekkoek tbh
Yummy
the trunchbull
*yumm*
stop.doing.this.kind.of.typing.for.emphasis.in.most.of your.vids.
23 layer of me🙃
I need!
GET INSIDE ME this chocolate monstrosity
Diabetes in one bite
lol cool
It looks yummy
18 pounds
One word: obesity
wow
I want it
23 layer cake ♥️it
Oh I get it's black and brown like Michael Jordan skin, racist much wow
This is the only interview show i'll watch. It's fantastic.
I request Roman Polanski for Hot Ones. Though he may request the wings be a little more rare.
Love your channel, love, love your interview style.
Jack Black would be awesome on here!
Ranch?.. ITS EITHER BLUE CHEESE WITH WINGS OR GO FUCK YOUR MOTHER!
Little hand behind the water glass wigs me out
Not an issue if you choose drums over flats. Flats are a waste of time. I throw those fuckers right in the garbage!
Have EmmyMadeInJapan on your show! Check out her YouTube channel!
THE MACHINE!!!!!!
Damn Sean is a badass
This was cool
Should get Tom Brady
Get Steph Curry and Ayesha on the show
Get LA Beast on Hot Ones
*D A T  R A N C H*
This channel is the shit
Crazy Russian Hacker has the best video on how to eat chicken wings
Why do people suggest to eat the wings like that? Then you'll eat the cartilage yuck.
Can you get Kate McKinnon from SNL sometime? I bet she would be fun.
Anyone push their finger between the two bones on a flat?
SEAN!! BLUE CHEESE OR FUCK YOUR MOTHER!!
People from Buffalo died a little after watching this video
you don’t tell me how to eat a chicken wing
god I fucking love you
People i would love to see: logic, donald glover, tyler the creator, idubbbz and whatever people wanna comment here or wherever. They would be entertaining and i would like to see it. As for the wings, i get wings all the time and i just eat it man. Ik im not taking 1,000,000 scovilles to the throat but i eat the outer meat, maybe break off a bone and clean the wing my dude
What about O'Bama? I feel like he would be very entertaining!
U should get bart and joe on here bro
After you're done taking out the bones, though, you have to clean it out. Take out all the veins and fat!
Screw all the haters!! Those wings are hot and you have awesome content!!
Mark these words if you get Gordon Ramsey before November 11 i will down a whole bottle357 magnum HS or(711 likes on this comment)
this is genius. he just battled so many former guests simultaneously and still won.
Ewan McGregor would be absolutely perfect for this show
GOTTA ASK FOR ALL DRUMS
how do I buy it hotsauce
ITS BLUE CHEESE WIT WINGS, OR GO FUCK YA MUDDA - Joey Diaz
I'll eat my wings how ever I feel.
Wings are delicious. Don’t let anyone tell you how to eat!
I'm just happy to hear that y'all are up for getting Gordon on the show! I hope it all comes together one day.
Now I want wings. It's 2 in the morning. Fuck.
Does this guy even know how to eat a wing?
Lavar Ball!!! It'll be one of those funny episodes!!!
This the realest I ever seen you Sean. 100!!!
every time sean talks it just sounds like one big run-on sentence
This is the hottest show on YouTube😊😒
GET THE HODGETWINS ON HERE!
Watching this and really hungry !
You should try getting the crew from CowChop. They recently did a 'challenge' video.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHere:\nhttps://youtu.be/LYwtHgjt0vo
Could you please do one one on how to eat peanut butter sandwiches?
Get Chief Sosa on Hot Ones!
Blue cheese with wings, or go fuck your mother!
I would like to see Gary's suggestion of a podcast implemented, it would be awesome to listen to this show while working or driving.
This just proves that the best way to eat wings is boneless.
Wings should be ate with one hand so the other hand can stay clean.
Melissa McCarthy or Louis CK would be awesome to see on Hot Ones. :D
Cute. I put the whole thing in my mouth and separate the bones from the meat in my mouth with my tongue and spit the super clean bones out. My ex taught me that.
Your hand movement has gotten annoying after watching since you began
Wings is my favorite food ( specially the flats). But for some reason,I would randomly realize that I'm eating meat \nThus, i got freakd out and stop.\nBut I am not a vegetarian.
Get ASAP Rocky on the show
Get Stephen King on here!
For every judgemental moron out there, there's a thousand lurkers who have been watching your show since the start and really enjoy it.
Please get Gabriel Iglesias on the show! =)
How are we in season 4 already and we haven’t gotten a Run the Jewels appearance?
It's nice to see this channel growing in popularity. Sean you deserve it you are a great host and ask really great questions. The editing team also puts everything together so well. Good luck as you continue growing your channel! 
It's either blue cheese with wings or go fuck your mother.
You need to make a video of how you make the chicken wings of the show
This is the white boy way.
On the flat wings the little bone is the radius, the bigger bone is the ulna (the bony point of your elbow).
Some times it looks like you only take one bite...
I think a voice actor would make a good guest.  John DiMaggio, Rob Paulsen, Nolan North, etc.  Ooh, and Trey and Matt from South Park.
I would really like to see a Hot Ones with David Lynch, if it hasn't been done already.
I eat the bones instead of the flesh.................
Why is Sean hate-fucking the audience in this video? 😂😂😂
can Gabriel Iglesias be put on this show?
Blue wings with cheese or go fuck your mother
get bill burr
put beetlejuice on here wtf 😤
0:27
We need KEVIN JAMES
Guests I love to see: Emilia Clarke (GOT), Justin Turner (Dodgers), Jessica Biel & Justin Timberlake, Gal Gadot, Katy Perry, Demi Lovato, Big Jay Oakerson, Dr Dre & Snoop Dogg, Pailin Pai Chongchitnant (HotThaiKitchen.com), Sean (host of @SeanThruGlass), Ariana Grande, DJ BBQ, Leo & his Wife (from Frog Leap Studios on YT), Choreographer Sori Na from 1MILLION Dance Studio, Chef David Chang and finally... President Barak Obama & Michelle Obama
Get iDubbz
Logic do logic next
ALTON BROWN PLZ
Philip DeFranco
Bring in iddubz
Arnold Schwarzenegger \nGeorge Lopez \nKerry king \nDave mustaine\nLudacris
this dumbass video got over 600k views..
Bring Jimmy Fallon
Do lil pump 😂😂
GET ICE POSEIDEN CX
Instructions unclear, ate plate.
HALSEY PLZZZZ
How about Bill Nye?
grady
Finally
GORDON! MAKE IT HAPPEN!
Kit Harrington!
NORMAN REEDUS PLEASE!!!!
Donald Glover would be awesome
Idubbbz pls
You rock buddy congrats on 2 million subs
See you when you get back, man. Hopefully see you before then. Take care of yourself
I think perhaps a part time job might be good for you? You seemed quite happy at the bookstore, and it gave you a place to go, be around and talk to new people. I personally think it's important to have one's life in chunks so you can appreciate how different all the places are. (Work, school, hobbies, relaxation, exercise, visiting family) Being in one place too long kinda makes you go crazy and overthink. But I find that being productive in lots of different areas helps keep you productive in the creative ones simply because your mind wants to just go to the next thing, and if it's a creative one, it just does it automatically. Maybe it's just me. But food for thought.
Awwww dan!!! I’m gonna miss u uploading so much :( ❤️❤️❤️
This month was by no means a failure. Even though you didn’t upload as much as you wanted to, or have fun doing so you still learned. You showed yourself that you shouldn’t try to recreate something that you thought you did so well on the first time. If you really enjoyed something, you can never really recreate that feeling doing the same thing. In the long run it’s probably a good thing that this month didn’t work out. I know that I would rather watch something that you are proud of than just anything that you made because you thought you had to.
Vedo isn't about getting to the end of the 31 days and getting 31 videos out. It's about motivating yourself, growing as a creator and a person and thinking about where you want to go from here. Big love dude!
the fact that you can pinpoint what you're feeling and be honest about it means a lot. Ya gonna be FINE you got too much potential to really fail
Overthinking. Don't let it ruin you
I love you Dan...we all do...don't forget that ❤️❤️❤️
Hey mate look, I don't think that you're a failure. Gosh I teared up when I heard you day that because i used to think that I'm a failure. Because I keep beating myself up emotionally. I lost all my confidence and ended up being depressed. I know that's a bit dramatic lol and you probably won't end up depressed ahaha. But who cares if you don't upload everyday in October. It doesn't matter, you didn't fail anybody. Learn how to not give a fuck ahaha idk. You're an amazing content creator and i can't wait for you to upload your next video whether it's next week or 5 months later idfk. I'll wait patiently. hugs XX
You aren't a failure. It didn't work out and that's okay.\nEvery video you make can't be perfect. I mean listen, I'm super new to this so take what I say with a grain of salt but... I've been uploading a video every 2 weeks since the beginning of the year and I love making things but sometimes it's a struggle to think of what you want to say. I don't even know if I could do something like VEDA. When I'm stumped creatively I consume other peoples content. Watch some YouTube videos, watch some new films, read a good book, listen to some podcasts and have a think and I'm sure all those creative juices will get flowing. (ew juices)\n\nI cannot wait to see what you make when you're back. :) Don't sweat it, you got this.
I've had an argument (sort of) with my mum the other day, that basically consisted of me being angry that I was never good at physics or chemistry, because I could've been a doctor and do something that mattered, and instead all the things I'm good at are creative things, and all of those things mean I'll likely have to work my ass of for my whole life to be able to put food on the table and forget about retirement.\nAnd my mum looked at me and said But art does matter. Especially today. You might think that we need more doctors and scientists, and that's true, but in times of social crises there need to be people who look at society and comment on it in a way that speaks to people. We need artists.\n\nIt was the first time I ever heard her say anything like that to me, in hopes I go and make art. And so I pass it on.\nArt is a process. It's an exploration, it's a commentary on the world, on reality. You can never keep doing the same thing over and over again. With each thing you do, you should explore something, learn new things and principles and by the time the artwork is done, you've grown. (Which is I believe why good artists are never fully satisfied with their work, cause by the time they've finished, they've overgrown it.)\n\nIf you consider yourself a creative person, there's no failing, not really - the process is art, because the process is learning and exploration. You only have the tough job of putting you process out for everyone to see, while others can keep their process to themselves and put out the finished product.\n\nxxx
We'll miss you, but you being happy with what you do is infinitely more important. I do really look forward to PMS and hope you'll be back soon, but I hope even more that you get to find what you want and take genuine time out for yourself!
Acknowledging a failure and realizing how something makes you feel is the only way to improve yourself. Even if a well articulated word wound pushed you there.
God I really wish I had the time to do what you're doing. I'm in my last semester at uni and I've not been doing as well and I would love the time to think about what I'm doing and who I am and come back. I'm glad you're able to do it though and I'm interested to see what comes from it!
This is actually inspiring,  no I mean this has inspired me to legitimately make something....thanks Dan!!!
You'll be back and we'll be here, no pressure!
You might wanna try uploading something unique and spontaneous. It’s up to you what you do
I completely agree with the comments that VEDO isn't a failure because its caused you to look introspectively which is a crucial for personal growth BUT also wanted to point out that the period right before growth is SO uncomfortable and shitty. But it is worth it. \nI like to think of the uncomfortable stage like a caterpillar changing into a butterfly - like that has to be uncomfortable and confusing as f**k for the caterpillar! But works out so beautifully in the end
Wishing you the best of luck x
But like...whateveeeeer, the world's not gonna end. That was not a fail. That is not a failure.
a lot of wisdom, a lot of strength, fuck vedo you do what feels right (can't wait for the next pms :)
You should do vlog every even/ odd day (veedo/ veodo)... another time though x
We fail because we are human.  I enjoy your videos whenever you post them :)
Failures in life are horrible necessary things that set you on a path to learning. You should absolutely allow yourself the time and space to think about what happened, what you need and what to do next.\nIt's not the end of the world that VEDO stopped in the middle of the month, we'll all end up missing your face and voice, but what's the point of you're miserable?! I'm not that much of a sadist.
Love your hair. How do you ask for it at the hair dressers
On different circumstances this video helped me a lot to watch today. I had my first gcse dance exam and I blanked out through 2 counts of 8 and I just stood there debating what I should do before I ended up rushing back into it. I came out of the studio and hid in a corner and sobbed! I'd still got another dance to do a little while after and even though everyone was telling me how it wasn't noticeable and no one was ever going to know how badly I messed it up (because I was in a group and so it just looked like there was a focus on the duo ) it was still important to me that I had put so much time and effort into the work to have just blanked out and forgotten the whole section. I'm still angry and upset over it but that doesn't mean that I am a failure, it just means that I let nerves get the better of me. Hopefully it wasn't all that noticeable and I still get an acceptable grade out of it.
The word failure has become something big and terrifying today, but it honestly isn't. Failure is making a mistake. Failure doesn't mean that you always make that mistake or will again, and failure doesn't define a person. Even if you fail, you can accept that you did what you did and learn from it. Failure means you're learning and growing. Next time you want to do another video every day of a month, think why you want to do it. I hope you take care of yourself first before your channel. <3
Practice some self compassion! And remember that your whole worth is not entirely dependent on external factors - I.e. you do not become unworthy because you haven't succeeded. You are still you, and people love you for that! Replace your self critical thoughts with thoughts of things that Hazel would say, and be a friend to yourself ♥️
You're my fave vlogger bc no one but the vlogbrothers are as engaging, articulate, and intelligent. And that comes pretty naturally to you, so keep being you. :)
Ill miss you Dan! I really do love everything you do even if you just ramble to the camera because its like having a conversation. Im glad you are taking time to make yourself happier with what you do. Just know that we will be here when you get back ^^ we love you Dan!
you didn't fail, you just realised it's not for you and that's okay !! im looking forward to future videos x
Listen Dan , i’ll be serious for a bit\nYou are not failing in any way or term \nCuz if you didn’t realize, you care about quality over quantity, which mean you care about how you are presenting yourself to your audience, which mean you take your youtube job seriously, so that probably mean you’re a successful person , maybe you’re not a big youtuber , but that doesn’t mean you’re not successful !\nALLLLSSSSOOOOOO\nI watch your videos because of your voice , I don’t really know why \nSo even if you uploaded a video that was “rubbish” believe me I will still watch it , as long as you’re talking in it\nSo you can make sure that i’m always giving you views -unless i die or smth lol-
You'll figure it out.  Everyone does things differently and you just need to find what works for you, and makes you happy and fulfilled.  You haven't failed - you've just found something that doesn't work for you - and that's progress :-) xx
I really like what we see of you and I want to like your content but it always feels like there’s something missing for me. I hope this is the start of some refreshing videos from you when you return
I'm sad we won't see as much of you but I'm so excited about the outcome!
Maybe try abomped... a bit of my project every day... then post it on the last day?
and we'll be waiting for you❤️
I love how all the comments are just complete & utter support, we love ya & want you to be happy with what you're doing. You haven't failed, you've tried something again & realised that it doesn't work, you've grown. Being creative in any sense is so much harder than people realise, for every new story or poem I write there's about 10s of ideas that haven't worked out for me. But then when you land on the right idea, enjoy making it (such a big part of the process) and end up with something wonderful  - it's worth it all. If you hadn't started & stopped VEDO you wouldn't have realised that this is how you need to create right now :) sending all the positive vibes your way x
You're a creative genius, everyone who is anyone believes that your skill and talent to create and entertain is something so special. I'm glad you're listening to your head and it's not a failure to discontinue this, it's a decision. And we respect your decision. We love and believe in you ❤️
That idea of what failure is was really nicely put in a song called Rich by Marillion,

oPWiR4jrqpI,\n

oPWiR4jrqpI,\nFailure isn't about falling down, failure is staying down.

oPWiR4jrqpI,\n

oPWiR4jrqpI,\nLooking forward to seeing you getting back to making content that YOU think is worth uploading.
I know I’m joining the wonderful hoard of people in these comments, but I just wanted to say they you haven’t failed. Yes, you didn’t upload everyday but if you had it would have likely been all filler... while I love your videos and will watch them regardless because I like the way you think and speak, they are always more entertaining when you enjoying the process of creating them. You can’t force creativity and that’s ok ❤️
daniel i enjoy your videos. not only because they make me smile and make that weird snorting sound i make called a laugh but because you are so lovely and kind and i just want to hug you and make you some comfort food when you’re sad because somehow whenever i fall into a deep depression you always post a cooking video and i wish we could be friends so i could maybe cheer you up but for now a simple thankyou, a like on every video and recommending your channel to everyone is what i hope is enough
Before I continue on with this video, your 'bit white' is my normal skin tone <3
Yeah go ahead and kill off some dragons and level up, and then come back and show us what you got.
I’m a teacher to 11 year olds and I tell them daily, failing is proof you’re trying. Failing is growing. \n\nYou’ve not failed, you’ve grown
You haven't failed, if anything this lapse in creative inspiration will lead you down a path you never would have walked down if you hadn't admitted to yourself that what you were doing wasn't making you happy. We'll all be here eagerly awaiting the next chapter of your YouTube adventure and if you decide that making YouTube videos isn't for you and you find another outlet for your creativity then I for one will be right there behind you. Never give up. <3
i still love you daniel xx
It sounds like this revelation is gonna take you on a new path and that's. Exciting. You are giving yourself a new freedom to create some amazing things dan and even if you make a few supposedly crap ones along the way, that's fine. I don't even think anything you've made this month was crap, everyone loves simply listening to you talk. We are all ready for whenever you next release a video and we all support whatever decisions you make, including this one. Don't be too hard on yourself bubs❤️
I think as a society we put so much worry into not failing, but failing is how we learn. We fuck up and we go, oh, alright i didn't like how that felt, im going to make sure next time i try harder or differently to get a better or different result. \nFrom what you said in this video, it sounds like you've learnt from your mistakes. So when you're ready, dust yourself off and get back on the metaphorical horse as long as you decide that metaphorical horse riding is for you.
I am so curious as to what the comment that sparked this was
love you dan <33 looking forward to the new content when you're feeling better. have a good break <3
You haven’t failed. I promise, you’ve just evolved
Hmmm I think you're confusing trying with failing - the reason I keep coming back to your channel is because I can see my own desires to be a certain person and produce certain types of work reflected in your ambition and intent and desire. You're giving everything a go and trying to work out which is the best fit for your channel. If your most recent attempt of VEDO didn't fit in with your idea of your channel, that doesn't detract from your identity and impact (tbh, just look at your followers - more and more I'm reading comments in your voice because their turn of phrase has absorbed your mannerisms). Deciding to stop and make deliberate choices, videos and express considered thoughts, ideas, content, is what is really admirable (and more needed on youtube/creative platforms, imo). If you didn't feel like VEDO worked, then that's just crossing an idea off your list, but it doesn't mean the end of the list. And your personality is such a likeable and kind (and witty) one, it permeates whatever you create anyway. That's why so many people are commenting what? You didn't fail? I loved your VEDO videos! Hope you gain some insight on your break :)
Don't look at it as failing. I started the year with a plan for a project to make a video celebrating a holiday/festivity every day of the year. I got to June but felt less and less happy with it as I went. So changed what my goals were. I took August off completely from it and am now I've restarted but if I miss a day... Well I miss a day. I've failed by my original scale sure so I changed the scale.
This is what happens to every YouTuber ever, this isn't new right? I mean everyone tries for an upload schedule and they realize it's gonna be hard work cos it then becomes a job
See if you resonate with this one: your Youtube channel is great, you're great.
Lol I don’t really get it because I liked all the vedo videos ._. Is it just me? Anyway you don’t need to do things you don’t want to!
Well Dan, I can respect the reasons why you'll be taking time off, and I plan to watch again when you post videos. If I can offer a comment to tuck in your pocket before you go, it would be to tell you the reasons I watched your videos in the first place.\n\n1) Like your accent, true fact. But you're charming too.  \n2) Enjoyed your interactions with your friends. It reminded me of being young and having more social times, getting out and embracing live and having little adventures and fun times, full of laughter. Loved that day you and Louise went to the antique fair and purchased loads of cheese. (Totally something I'd  consider a awesome day out. Why yes, practically ancient, I am.) \n3) Like your sly wit. \n4) Like Baking With Layton, lots. I tend to doubt things will turn out, but hey, I'm wrong quite a bit. : )\n5) You and Hazel, in a collaboration is a win every time, for me, at least. \n\nCheers, and here's to your health!
We will all miss you greatly. Please don't be so hard with yourself. Coming from someone who is extremely unforgiving of themselves. You never failed at making me happy. I loved to hear your options on matters across the world. Take care. You'll do incredible things. 🖤
dont feel bad. everyone here loves you.
I am so so happy you made this video. Ive always loved your channel, and I come to it for comedy and reality and funny stories and true human moments between you and the people you love, and I completely agree that you haven't seemed like yourself. Personally I think you should go and travel for a bit. Two weeks in Italy or something, reset your brain and change your surroundings and come back fresh and inspired. I can't wait till your passion flows through again. Love always x ❤️
dude, fail away. it's fine. it's also not entirely true. come back.
Personally I watch your videos for you and your personality. I love your perspective and opinions, even if we don't necessarily agree. I just find you so very engaging and charismatic that I would literally watch you do anything; you could be painting a wall or building furniture and I'd find the conversation funny and captivating. \n\nJust don't stop being you.
Daily videos seem very unrealistic anyway, honestly don't beat yourself up about it! You do you!
I believe in you, because I've been watching your vids for years and have seen so much good come from them, so I know lurking somewhere are some pretty damn cool, creative ideas. I'm looking forward to seeing them whenever that may be. Good luck! Breaks are super important, especially for creative tasks.
LOL u sux (kidding). There's nothing more demotivating as a creative person than when you hit a wall head on like one of those crash dummies. Glad to see you're aware enough to say, Yeah this isn't working for me. I'll regroup, then hit the ground running, rather than stressing yourself out trying to hit a deadline. \nNote: Amount of times I said, hit in this one comment = 4
You have not failed.  You learned, you grew, and gained experience to carry with you into further creative endeavors.  You're doing just fine!  Take what time you need; we'll be here when you're ready to come back.  <3
failure is one step closer to growing. i'm glad your taking time for yourself, that's important :)
One thing that's helped me a lot as an artist has been to realize that nothing is really failure if you learn from it. It's the opportunity to look back and learn, and move forward. All is forward motion and growth. To be honest, generally my biggest failures have been being overly worried about making something great and not being there fast enough. But it's okay if you're not there yet. Set out to learn and every step from there can be some kind of a victory.\n\nAlso, I really loved your vlog about getting excited about being a creator while doing set lists with Dodie. You sounded so happy.
Whether you manage to make a video every day for a month or not, I enjoy the content you put out and I appreciate the fact that  you care about its quality!
Fair enough, no stress 😊 Take your time, we’ll still be here when you’re ready ❤️
I completely accept this and I hope that you find what you're looking for.  That being said, I already miss your videos.  Thank god I can watch your old ones <3  \nAnd you're not a failure, Dan.  You're a person who wasn't happy with your work.  There's nothing wrong with striving for something you can be proud of.
You didn’t fail, you just figured out that vlogging everyday isn’t what you want to do. Personally you’ve been one of my favorite youtubers for a long time and all of your videos ( even the ones about game of thrones which I know nothing about) have all been amazing and interesting. Even if vlogging everyday isn’t for you that’s alright and I’ll still continue to look forward to you’re uploads no matter how long they take. You shouldn’t try to please everyone, all that matters is that you’re pleasing yourself with the content you are uploading. :)
Time is a great healer. Take it and cherish it. I’m sure you’ll find your voice and comfort somewhere in between. I have been watching your videos for a while now and have always admired how articulate you are when it comes to relaying how you feel. What you do is brilliant because its genuine. Don’t beat yourself up my friend. I look forward to your future videos and wish you all the best...
with inktober going around I saw a great piece of advice. \ndaily challenges are supposed to help you feel good about yourself. at the end you want to feel satisfied that you did something challenging, not exhausted because you did something overwhelming. with inktober the advice is to reduce scale. instead of doing a whole full page illustration, instead make a one inch by one inch square and do that every day. \nI don't know what the equivalent of a one inch square is in video production, but it's an idea worth experimenting with. \n\nalso you're not a failure, and I super enjoyed the chilled out rambley vlogs about not much, and I hope you find what you need to maintain your happiness, and I would offer to fight anybody who says you're failing. I wouldn't actually fight them because IRL I'm bundle of fear of confrontation and misplaced anger in a wheelchair, but I'd offer it.
If I may, your initial attempt and intention to create in and of itself is an act of courage. You did not fail, I think, because I believe that the crux of a video everyday project such as vedo is the form that a desire to create may or may not take. I think that your intention, perhaps calculated, is more valuable than the result you achieved. And I think it should be framed as an achievement because you did create. You did tell stories. You did produce pieces of work that captured portions of your life and that is a meaningful truth regardless of their quantity. I like you because you are Daniel J. Layton. I'm thankful that you create. I will be here when you are happy to come back to this space.
Dear Daniel J Layton,\nLast night I had a dream about you. In the dream I was going to a play and you and your friends were there also. I was initially so excited to see Hazel and Jack and Dodie because I have been watching them for a long time. By the end of the play, I set out to find them. I found them behind the the building and said hi. Then I was looking amongst the group and I couldn't find you. Eventually I found you standing in the back, alone because you thought no one wanted to see you. But, I wanted to. I said hello to you and you hugged me and we had a lovely chat like we were old friends that just hadn't seen each other in a while. I know it was just a dream but that's how I feel when I watch your videos. I feel like they are the warm embrace of a good friend. I liked you VEDO so don't say no one wanted to watch it because I did. You can do this, my friend. I believe in you and what you can do.
The reason I love your videos is because there're always so honest and you're so honest and honestly you're just a fantastic human being and I love every second of watching you! So just keep making videos like this if you feel like it, share your feelings, then we shall share our love <3
If you're not having fun, we're not having fun. One of the best lessons any type of creator can learn.
Like a shitty sequel, it's rare you can recreate that magic - maybe try something new :))
‘Failure’ isn’t necessarily a bad thing to do. The meaning of failure is ambiguous, and can sometimes be the best thing that can happen to someone. Don’t shy away from failure, how will you ever have the motivation to achieve if you’ve never failed? Even if you feel you’ve failed, awesome! Look at all the constructive criticisms you can give yourself right now! Think of what amazing things can happen out of failure! GO CREATE WITH ABANDON AND TRIP UP ALONG THE WAY!!!! xxxx
Taking some time to figure things out is a really beneficial thing. I hope you find a conclusion that gives you peace in what you're doing.
Kick some arse while you're gone! Your own I guess? Stay safe and healthy x
I'm the absolute worse at ordering food at a restaurant. Too many options. I always have to start with what I definitely don't want. You're pairing down your channel's menu and figuring out what kind of space this is. Chronically where you're out, who you are, and trying to grow from that. Learning what you funny want. With so much learning happening, how can it be failure?
I actually really liked your videos in october. They weren't the most thought out videos sure, but I enjoyed them. I think it's ok if you decided to stop with those, especially if you yourself didn't like them. And you're certainly not a failure. Hope you have a nice day!
There've been quite a few comments on whether or not people, including yourself believed that you have failed, but what I think is more important is the idea that we need to reframe failure as a concept to be used as a creative tool. There have been many people that have said that failure is a critical part of the creative process and because failure is seen as bad by society, creativity in many ways has died because instead of trying something new and learning from it, we tend to hide within ourselves and don't take on those risks. \n\nIn attempting VEDO, you did try something that many creative artists will do in that of recreating the original outcome because it not only worked, but it was enjoyable to do. This, however, is a concept that I know many authors will go through with their second novel. They try to recreate the formula that worked the first time because it is familiar and it worked. This does lead to issues with the content itself because no moment can directly emulate another, it is an impossible standard that we so strongly desire to be feasible. \n\nBut I also believe that if this is a failure, it is definitely one that can be learned from. From a creative stand point, failure needs to be an option to have truly great art. That, plus the fact that as you develop your abilities, the process is linear while your taste and knowledge of your ability might be well beyond that. It is through failure that we learn what we are capable of and what we want to see in ourselves. You just have very high standards, something I really enjoy about your content, and I'm glad you opened up a conversation about failure as it is something that desperately needs attention in the creative world. \n\n(Also, you should check out Sir Ken Robinson. He has a lot to say on the subject)
It’s good to take some time to think. \nI hope you come out better on the other side.
I have no idea what VEDO is, and I've never seen any of your videos before, other than this one. After watching this I would suggest doing something you enjoy, and stick with it, develop it. No business succeeds without a plan (and I'm assuming since you said you do this full time, that this is a business). If you don't have a plan, just don't do it....... there's only so many times you can wing it. Good luck!
You make things that you feel happy with if you end up uploading a video a week, every two weeks whenever people will still love you and watch you. Your PMS videos are amazing and so is Baking with Layton. Basically all I want to say is if you feel that you failed or think that you failed because you didn't upload a video everyday that is okay everyone fails at things because even the Undertaker fails at things and look at him he is a fucking legend and in my horrible less than 20-20 eyes you are amazing and a god damned legend. <3<3
you do you
Cheer up! from korea
❤️
❤️
you do you boo
love you
I also failed oops
This was the first live I ever saw on time
I CAN NEVER WATCH YOUR LIVE STREAMS, PHIL'S, OR THE GAMING ONES BC YOU DO IT WHEN IM AT SCHOOL
Oh man, when I was on meds sometimes I'd forget to take them and then I'd be like hey why am I so dizzy and fuzzy-headed today? Oh. Forgot me meds so two weeks without them must've been hell. Glad you survived!
Ryden trash is in the bath *vietnam flashbacks*
I need to stop self harming it’s getting so bad and my friends are getting worried and I feel bad but I can’t stop
dan i was having a good day and then you brought up scratching plaster
Hi I feel so sorry I feel so guilty for  pressuring this thing I want to say sorry and hug you and tell you it's ok and the world can be hard sometimes times.........sorry🙁😭
I hope dan and phil realise they have saved so many lives just by saying something or by being alive ❤️
Have you tried Ribena with Cointreau, vodka, topped with soda water? It's tasty :)
WE HAVE THAT JUICE IN BRAZIL, IT’S CALLED “TANG”
What ar the caps about for you?
get involved, join the Mormon
What cameras do you use, Dan?
Guess who didn't get this notification
Is there any way you can do a part two to the video? Like how to get help dealing with mental issues, starting the process. Especially from a teen's view. Love you danny!
ryden trash is in the bath.  much like ryan himself.
Peace on earth, also I’m pissed, my computer, Otis ,never gave me the notifications until now...
I wrote my English paper on YoingMinds because we had to persuade people to donate to a charity
we need another internet support group. Any netflix recommendations?
I'm sorry but how the hell can you not know about ribena and even worse *not know what squash is*
Dan I'm sure you won't see this but I am SO PROUD that you're planning on having a chat with that Swedish Youtuber about recent events. I hope he is receptive to whatever you say to him on this topic. 🤞🤞🤞
i love you dan. So much
Hope you're OK Dan
ben ten more like tan dan
HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY FUNCTION WITHOUT RIBENA ???!!!!
what a beautiful boy
Why does he look so good in this
Fruit syrups are also lovely with tea :)
please tell Felix to stop being such a oblivious white guy thanks
Dearest Dan. Please, if you take music recommendations, do consider talking about the album You're A Man Now, Boy. (By Raleigh Ritchie)\nIt's really good, and relevant and currently beautifully current. Please, consider talking about it.
Hank you so much for this video. I just moved across the country and due to life being awful I have to wait two weeks for my medication to come in so I’m having the worst two weeks in October. It’s nice to know I’m not alone
i started going to a mental health thing a few weeks ago and i think just hearing other peoples storys and is just so amazing. \nmy mum at first said i was a crazy syco and tat im messed up but i showed her so much about mental health and she understood. but i think its amazing how open some people are now.
OCT 19th IS HERE!!! 8 FREAKING HYEARS OF DAN AND PHIL UPLOADING TOGETHER!!!!!!!!
just started watching this while opening a college acceptance letter!!!!!!!!
that level in fireboy and watergirl is one of the easiest if you work together. you just need to both stay on the elevator things and have the one that doesnt need to go down jump so the one that needs to go down can. teamwork for that level dont just leave one jumping XD it was super funny tho you guys crack me up
Why the hell do I have to be in Australia
Man, last night, I watched Crimson Peak, and I've never found it scary, but before I went to bed, I thought yo myself 'what if there's a ghost in my room?' and proceeded to have a nightmare because I was also having some anxiety issues that night, so I woke up and was so afraid for a second I just sprang to all-fours. I was lying on my front, you see. I could hardly sleep the rest of the night, I was so restless.
I really liked your video about mental health. I'm honours year in a psychology advanced degree :) Ribena is a thing in Australia too. It's my fave thing haha but I try not to have it because I drink way too much of it when I get it hahaha.
Dan 2 things\n1) Your vid on depression kinda helped me in a way that I've asked for professional advice regarding my state of mind (I've got an appointment set for November) so thanks for that\n2) As someone from Singapore who used to drink tons of Ribena as a kid, wait a second..PEOPLE DON'T KNOW WHAT RIBENA IS??
I got taken off anti-depressants cuz they weren't working but instead of being eased off I was taken off all at once and I was just constantly shifting between being about to fall asleep standing up and feeling like I had more energy than I ever had in my life and I had the weirdest dreams ever and random panic attacks and felt dizzy all the time and the whole thing culminated in me going to a concert and almost falling asleep in the middle of Phoenix's set
I had to negotiate with my boss to let me work from home every afternoon because I couldn't manage in an office of 100 people all day >< now at uni I'm spending full days in a lab and it's hell 😰
I know what ribena is and I'm from bc Canada your not insane i got your back
i thought he was gonna talk about train to busan for a split second kkkkk
Is that his natural hair? If it is, what a shame it took him so long to let us see it in all of its glory and cuteness
I get what Ribena is....we have it in Sweden as well 😂  well similar to it :)
peace... lmao.... i will stop being stupid so... i will just stop writing
My mom is a hater
I live in Ireland and we never dilute ribena here??
There are some places without healthcare and some places where they just don't talk about these things. Me, an American: ( ⚆ _ ⚆ ) you talkin bout meee
He doesn't believe in anything, but he's scared of all of those things 😆👍
Oh no..I missed it..damn! I shouldn't have gone to *Jenna's basketball game*
Lol help. All my friends want to die and they're the only ones keeping me alive. Were just a mess of a circle.
Ryden trash is in the bath
This is 100% random but my friend says Ramen (Roh-men) Noodles like Ray-men Noodles.
Peace
Don't judge a book by its colour
You are right. I live in Thailand and people have very little knowledge about mental illnesses. I told my friend about how I had been through depression and she just couldn't understand it at all and she wasn't being supportive in any way. And if I tell everyone about it, they'll think I'm crazy and a freak.
Also I just realized that we're on the same medication and thank gOD I've never missed doses for more than a day or two :O I've been on my meds for a little over two years and feel more stable now, but I don't want to go off my meds and risk things going to shit again, ya feel me... Because I reeeally don't want to find out the hard way that it could actually be dangerous for me [ *nervous laughter* ]
We have Ribena in Australia, i cant imagine a childhood without it
The video inspired me to start raising awareness about mental health at my school
In the Netherlands it's called Limonade or ranja (which is basically lemonade/squash  making water have different flavours). It is also a thing that everyone has in their house. Especially when you're a university student if we ask if someone needs to drink something choices are: Thee, coffee, beer, water or limonade (flavoured water) :)
where do you stream all of these?
I know it was a response to another comment but hearing I like Sheffield... it's lovable trash made my little yorkshire heart go all defensive
I love you more than you should love a person you have never met
Don't judge a book by its colour
I have never put Ribena in water, ever! They sell it in juice bottles, like Minute Maid, and CC Lemon at 7 Eleven's and other convenience stores like it, i've never heard of anyone drink it like that in HK
I kind of want to hear Phil's perspective on living with someone who has depression and just  generally what it's like to have someone you care about go through mental illness. I can only see it from Dan's perspective so  I think learning what it's like from an outside perspective would be interesting.
i can only watch livestreams once they're finished so i can double the speed. I need my procrasitnation to be dense enough to distract me completely
Australians also have this! T(e cordial thing
This has 19 on trending well done dan.
How the hecky dizzle did this get on trending????
I've never related to someone so much. I love that you addressed this. I've been struggling with depression for about two years now and I've been to therapy. Personally, it doesn't work all that well for me. My therapist continuously tells me that I should try medication but I don't know if I should. I have a friend who said that she doesn't like it because it makes her feel like she's being controlled and not in control. That's my main reason for refusing medication. I also don't want to depend on it. But this stream made me want to try to continue therapy. I just want to say I admire you so much. You have no idea how much this means to me. Thank you
sorry but dan looks so cute in this liveshow. in fact, he looks amazing all the time smsksksksk
anybody else really want to do his eyebrows
My mental health is all over the place, I need a therapist. But I'm also dealing with chronic pains that have not been officially diagnosed as any actual chronic disease which is horrible because it means I can't get proper treatment and I just end up on tons of meds all the times. The meds, of course, make me sick. Now I might eventually become at risk of liver failure, kidney failure, and/or an ulcer. Yay health problems!
I WISH TØP WAS LIKE YOU GUYS AND NEW STUFF DAMN
Watch Train to Busan ! It's a first Korean zombie film and it's actually really good and makes you feel feels ;-;
He protecc \n\n\nHe attacc \n\n\nBut most importantly \n\n\n\nHe Snugly as hacc\n\n(Im not even sorry for that)
YES WATCH PARANOIA AGENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can someone tell me what happend?
play notpron
Spooky name: Damned Howl
Ryden.Trash.Is.In.a.bath
DANNY IS TRENDING #26 OMGG
Dan!!! You're trending!
VOLTRON
lmao this is trending??
YOU READ MY INTERNET FRIENDS' COMMENT\n\n\nDANKENSTEIN
how is this #25 trending 😂
love you ;(
Dat hair tho...
Hygge Daniel
That intro 😂😂😂
Dan being shady at Felix tho xD
This is trending?!
Fenimism
Taniel Howell
...lady door
TRUTH BOMBS
Peace
I bet that if Adidas knock on any of your doors and say they want a project with you , you would shit your pants . Life is not free and we all like money , he must get some well deserved fame . Keep it up !
I don't really know what exactly that is but it is beautiful, love it
Baby what you gonna do love this track
zhu finally reveals himself \nthe end is near
I wanna kill everyone who says this guy is selling out just mind your own fucking business and let him live his life
zhu is a fucking genius, this is another masterpiece... those people who are saying that he is selling off are very ungrateful and dont deserve to be part of his audience... I cant understand why is so wrong to earn from your talent, and dream work? a bunch of retards here obviously....
Makes me want to by Adidas
oh god who is that girl ?
OH SHIT REVEAL?
Q basura 👎
Adidas renovating the inside-out jackets all over again with the pure edition, one side is white one side is black (3 types of jackets , all white, all black, double sided).\n\nGreat to see a massive production from ZHU with the commercial, aside from adidas live DJ Booth shows all around the globe CO OP with The Boiler Room its all pretty nice to see they use todays talents to create something more into the commercials.
We need an extended version of this, Zhu.
what an amazing track Zhu! the title next daftpunk suits you right!\nLove from India, hope you come here soon!!
A música começa nos 1:34, podia continuar mais.
i think zhu has traveled nothern africa.
Mal was neues wunderschön <3
Un orgasme des oreil
this is shiet.
Nice 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
76 dislikes wtfff ...IS A MASTERPIECE
Wow!
This is fckn FIRE!!!!
Захотел адидасу прикупить;)
😍😍😍
well work zhu awesome keep up :D ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
https://plug.dj/?refuid=4106305
When's the blacklizt album dropping
What’s the name of the reversible jacket!?!
who is model woman ?
They need to learn from stone island or acronym of how to make cool videos that introduce their new products...
I need an extended version 🔥🔥😩
At least he picked the right brand though... shell toes for life!! FU Nike!!
Piel de gallina..
Faded by ZHU will forever be the greatest!
Baby🖤
Sounds great, look retarded
Eternal elegance
product placement
Какая красивая бурятка!
Hell yea birthday upload & it's lit
Falling in love
❤🎶🎶❤🎶❤🎶❤❤🎶
Найс Трек )
Deezer upload?
Love you ZHU ! 😍😍😘😘😘💥💥💥
❤😊^
ZHU华人之光
Zhutastic!!!!!!
杨颖👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
fire ]
Love from India😍😍
Amazing
Happy for him
It was awesome!
Notification Squad
Full song!!!
:D arkadaşlarının whatsappını patlatmak isteyenler alın link http://kgiytcibzpmkbljum.ga/?Z7meGA4
All hail Zhu.
3 stripes is hype
Ахуенный трек
sega mega
A E S T H E T I C
BEAUTIFUL & AWESOME ... Big THANKS & LOVE from SERBIA ... 😎\n❤\n💙\n♡
Just Wow 👍🏻👍🏾👍🏿
I need more tracks of that kind, please dont let me down
Holy, what a track! Caught me right by my heartbeat❤️🤤
Is this deep house right? Because i hear some deep techno textures too. Help.
Mario sube el camino
Zhu maskoff
Everything you do is amazing.
Let's face it! Your the best zhu! 😘
Whos here before a million views?
You're the boss
ZHU NEEDS TO DO A MOVIE SOUNDTRACK !
That zhu silky sexy smooth feel. This thing kills. Reminds me of clear skin on a woman or something.
I just saw him at ACL :')
Fantastic! Great ad. I love Zhu. Thanks for the music Steven Z.
Joder con el anuncio
Been waiting for this track since it leaked.  Now next we wait for Storms Of Galisteo next...
I give this fashion film 10/10 Zhu's music is love, the visuals, great!
Didnt expected ZHU will become that commerce
*More money, less quality* hope his next projects wont be as empty as this
Good sound. Reminds me of  Where Do You Go by No Mercy \nNot to excited about the Adidas thing but def. Love Zhu
Y de repente un salvaje comentario en español aparece. Zhu, el mejor, como siempre.
10 000 views uUUUUUUuu (now i won't click skip ad, just for you)
The edited footage at 1:34 is so fucking obvious it looks like a bad photoshop rofl.
when they make a video to make you buy adidas but I remember that I am poor
M E X I C O  💖
This song made me wanna buy some adidas merch
The King is back!! ZHU x ADIDAS
Whatever is related to him is = PURE PERFECTION
Παίζει να είναι ο μόνος κινέζος με αυθεντικά addidas. #Κομματάρα
Sério que nunca tinham visto o rosto dele? KKKKKKKKKK\n \nAté em um simples comercial a música é incrível, Deep! ♥
Zhu is awesome! Unfortunately, Adidas must of had a strict budget for the videographer of this film.
Зашквар адидасом, конечно, но track is very good!
Beğenmedim
Once again the Asians dominate!
ZHU is a fucking magical aesthetic unicorn god
Must have been his girlfriend
sold out to a global corp of scumbags
the color of that burberry bag is so beautiful!! 😍
I love it when you go makeup free because you're so naturally pretty. It inspires me to want to go makeup free and let my skin breathe! And be confident in my own skin.
So so so so so gorgeous without make-up
Loved this vlog so much!!
Haha, The best ending ever!
Loooved this! Spoiling us with an almost half an hour vlog 🙈 The red dress is stunning,and love that midi skirt so pretty and unique piece 😍
omg TF lipsticks!! they all look gorgeous!
Love the way you do your makeup just gorg😍😍👌, I melted when I saw those TF lipsticks 😁.Keep shining Victoria 💓💓💓
Haha....the Burberry.....
wow wow wow.
I have a few things lol:\n1. Are you going to watch Demi Lovato's documentary? I watched it and loved it.\n2. I miss your makeup tutorials as main videos ☺️\n3. That's cool you have a one-of-a-kind bag!\n4. I love the color of your gym suits! I'm in love with it! And TLM merch looks awesome! 💜
your boyfriend look so sweety with ababy
I just adore your vlogs so much <3
I have to have that mini Strathberry bag, its so bloody gorgeous! Had never heard of the brand until you showed your larger red bag and I just became obsessed! 😍
WOAH Victoria, that Burberry bag is absolutely beautiful!!!! <3
i'm a longtime subscriber and i work at a jewellers and we're currently promoting the BOSS range you're the face of! it's surreal seeing how far you've come ❤️ keep your eyes peeled for a Jewellers as that will be me! X
points for alex on so many things in the vlog ! haha :)
OMG SHUT UP THAT BAG IS STUNNING!!!
That bag!! 😍
Alex is so handsome!!
Awwww, the squirrels <3<3<3<3
Wow, Burberry bag is gorgeous 😍
Gosh seeing you happy makes me soooo happy!
OMG I have to have that bag!!!
Do you know how stunning you are with + without makeup? 😊
arh ma gawdd.. that Burberry bag 😍
that red dress is dreamy!!!!!
The dress turned out wonderfully! It is fabulously old Hollywood in length and style now
This VLOG was so cute! Yay ✨
Those bread options look so yummy! oh my
I fell in love with Bath when we went earlier this year, such a beautiful place!! 💕
You guys are my favourite Youtube couple! You are both so crazy attractive. And as a couple how well you guys get along (obviously from the on camera point of view)......wow....I am dead!! Lol! Ahh!!
Gaga is amazing and so inspirational!! ❤️ u xxx
Where are your earrings from?
I feel this video is SO REAL. I think for youtubers and subscribers. It's good to take a break. It's like you're rejuvenating yourself and you're channel. I know brands, events, PR stuff is part of your job. But taking a break from it. Gives you a rest which you need. But it also refreshes your channel. Personally I get a bit tired of seeing back to back video on Ad, promotion, events etc. I know hard work goes into it and I'm not demeaning the work. It just gets tiring to watch back to back. Just like it might be exhaustung to do back to back. I'd hope other youtubers would use your approach xx
The hotel looks amazing. Where would you recommend in London. I want to treat my mum to a weekend away for her birthday in December x
These two are adorable. So normal.
I got CHILLLS when I saw that bag, out of this world😍🤤😍🤤🤤🤤😍😍😍💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
This might be weird and intrusive but i’m rooting for you + alex! You guys seem like a good couple and you guys’ life seem so fast paced and busy. I would be totally ok if you didnt vlog for a couple days just so u guys could really really be w each other :) ps you guys looked really cute in the pool!
Hey Victoria! I am so glad to hear that you like the Sachini shirt. And the red dress you were trying made you look like a princess! Love, Sachini
Love when I can see both her and her bf in a video 🌸
It's been awhile since I last commented, so I just wanted to drop in. You are still as beautiful and down to earth as ever. And, I agree with Alex. That bag is gorgeous.
1- You look gorgeous bare faced and I'm really jealous\n2- Alex holding the baby....!\n2- You and Alex are goals and I wish you guys the best because you seem to be very cool and chill and fun and in love and you're both beautiful on top of that and it just makes me happy
 It was so delicious, I regret nothing I had to laugh it was quite unexpected.\nHugs from Costa Rica
You should check Demi Lovato documentary - It's complicated on Youtube, this is a good one too
Holy hell girl the dress! The tailoring was a good call. It's perfection!  😍💃😍💃
what did you do at uni? what course and at what uni? xx love your videos !!!!!!!!!
The bag is just beautiful 😍
This hotel looks unreal, booking a trip ASAP! Love your vlogs so much you’re so upbeat and you have such a lovely relationship with Alex. Beautiful Victoria :)
Your skin is looking incredible!! please can you do an updated skin care routine and BTW NOT 1 OF THESE 43 VLOGS have been a disappointment.xx
I just love how your partner really likes your handbags, that is so cute x
That park looked so pretty and the peacocks were cute ^.^
Bath and you are gorgeous😘
it's a mermaid bag 💖 i love it!!!
Congratulation on being the new face of Hugo Boss Watches!!!! OMG those Tom Ford lipsticks!!! When will they be on the shelves?!!! Also, Im just wondering do you wear your Dior pearl earrings to the shower? :/
Could you do a work out video what you usually do in the gym and how you maintain your amazing abs?
Bath looks amazing!!  Loved your dress that you had shortened - it’s the cutest ever!!
My favorite line ever “I regret nothing” lol!!😂
I love when you go through your mail!
Your videos always make me so happy and set me in such a good mood. You are such a likable person!!
OMG, that Burberry bag! I just can't, how gorgeous it is! And also on the side note: your skin is literally goals! You mentioned LVL, can you please tell in which salon you do yours? I used their salon finder on the website, but 2  have already told me that they don't do it. Thanks xoxo
Alex & his handbag reviews. Space teal 🤣. Classic. Hotel & spa beautiful. Looking gorgeous as always Victoria. Congrats on the Hugo Boss news. Awesome. ❤️🍾 x
Your makeup at the moment is just 🙌🏼 which tom Ford lip colour did you wear to the nars event? Love all your content right now xx
You two are the cutetest!😋
Bath is one of my favourite cities in the UK. I love the Roman Baths & having high tea at the Pump Rooms. There's also the cutest olde worlde Sally Lunn bun shop where the famous Bath Bun is still sold. I'm in love with your Bikini! Also nearly died when I saw all those Tom Ford lipsticks. Heaven!!!\nHugs Adele xoxo
You’re so pretty, and I just love your style.  And Alex is just the sweetest.  You guys are cute.
My word that Christos dress is gorgeous on you. Congrats on Hugo Boss Victoria.  They’re lucky to have you.
Guuurl i notice the little spice you've added to your editing haha :))) you are a beautiful person inside and out!! love you and the vlogs xx
That dress looks lovely in that length! And can we all just take a moment to appreciate that BAG😍😍😍😍😍😍
You and Alex seem like the sweetest people
Awww, I lived in Bristol for 10 years before I moved back North. Worked in Bath for a short while and love it there so much. Made me feel so nostalgic watching this and you've given me some new places to visit, too! xx
Bread at restaurants is literally my favourite thing
This was a lovely video! So nice to watch you and Alex enjoy relaxed time, I always like it when he pipes in too! Can you share what lipstick you wore for date night in bath? Loved the entire look if you are inspired to do a tutorial I'd love it! Thanks for sharing as always.
When ur bag is bigger than u😜
Best last words for a vlog!! 😜
Ahhhh That Nars package from the event....so nice !!! 💕💕
i don't know why but alex's fixation with your new bag's color had me laughing so much 😂
I so hope Strathberry comes to Australia one day. 😃🤞🏼
This really made my evening. Thank you for sharing xxxx
Yay for a day off. Oh my gosh I WANT THAT BAG. Goals xxx
Absolutely love your vlogs. You're so stunning and you and Alex seem like such lovely people. X
Alex' comments on the bag made my ❤melt! My other half rarely makes comments about my outfits or accessories but when he does it's so sweet xo
The Burberry bag gives me a 'space Barbie' vibe 😅❤
Pahah space teal! Love that
Love the fresh face. Minimal is lovely on you.
Strathberry are wonderful - I organised a charity auction and the lovely ladies donated a beautiful midi tote bag, asking for nothing in return. I ended up getting my own bag as my graduation gift, and their instagram is absolute goals!
Alex showing interest in your bags is just 😍 so cute! #boyfriendgoals
Love Alex's commentaries 😂 and peeking
Looks like you had a beautiful relaxing week :) the red dress is ammmmmazing! Xox
Did you know NARS have started testing on animals again, I won't be buying their products anymore!
I think those are the new TF full size lipstick shades. The girls are clutch size in white packaging aren't they?
Wow!!! The bag!!!
Would love to see the tom ford sugar glider shade on you! Thank you for these lovely vlogs they help me just relax after a long day💕
THAT. BAG. IS. GOALS!!! And the new Nars collections looks beautiful! Congrats on another wonderful video💕
Ok you are life goals.\n\n1) your brows have been amazing, what's your technique to get it to look like single hairs?\n\n2) I know Alex does a lot of your photography but for photos on your Instagram from your iPhone, what filters do you use?\n\nThanks for working so obviously hard to include a lot of your life and edit it to perfection. Have a lovely week!! xoxox
Oh my god, I live in Bath! So strange to see it on film and Acorn is my favourite restaurant! Glad you had a nice time, hope to bump into you if you come back! xo
Your boyfriend is the cutest . The loveliest couple 😍
And you shouldn't regret breaking bread with the ones you love. Great video.
Shout out to Alex's Rick and Morty figures!
You are hands down the prettiest, classiest beauty vlogger on YouTube. I don't even like watching beauty vlogs, they bore me to sobs, but I watch all of yours. I just adore your style, you look perfect  24/7.\nBtw, is that fabulous bag you designed for sale? I have a bag obsession 😁
After seeing Elliot's banana penis I'm glad I didn't watch this vlog in a bus full of my team mates.
The person that i lost come back to life......i dunno why but i think Is Edd....:'o(
Roses are red,\nViolets are blue,\nI love Tom,\nAnd his pug too.
So you guys are seeing it?
I'm catching up on Last Week so this is my 5th blog in a row
Tom's grandma has the best voice.
You say that you're not a therapist but you actually helped me more than a damn one
ARRIETY WAS MY FIRST MOVIE FROM THE STUDIO YES TOM
19:00 brings a new meaning to the term 'handjob'
When tom went outside a bit of wind went through the window. That was cool
for eddie: DRESS RIK UP AS A PICKLE FOR HALLOWEEN!!!! PICKLE RIK!!!!
is it just me or does Elliot look exactly like George from The 1975
Tom, I think you need more people dude. If I had enough money to fly there I'd gladly do some small production work.
*THERE’S SO MUCH PISS*
Can you join another animated series? Please!!!! I am too attached to eddsworld but it ended. Or if you have joined one that isn’t planning on ending soon, please tell me!!!!
Did that person take their eye out in the zombie part?
Do you remember your friend/partner Edd?
You should replace Last Week with an Xcom 2 let's play!
I really like the description!
Don't leave eddsworld or Edd will kill you. 🙂
Anyone know the song playing in the car in the Friday section ?
DAN AND PHIL STILL HAVE TOKAIDO WOW
Tom i cannot  believe you were at the co-op in sible hedingham. Literally couldve bumped into you, that wouldve made my day
2:02 STOP BEING SO SUBTLE WITH QUITE CLEARLY THE BEST SHOTS OF THIS SERIES
tom, you lowkey revealed where dan and phil live on your phones map lmao.
Every last week needs out of context clips from Eddie or other members of the circle, it's amazing
Ok what the f Tom's brain with that nightmare? That's horrible, I'm so sorry, and like I'm acting as if Tom's brain isn't Tom but that's just nasty, so sorry for you dude
What is that girls name who was also at the collab with Dan and Phill
What is it with Elliot and putting things in his pants?
Aw Tom 😢 **hugs** 😢 please don't cry 😢 I'll hug you again ❤
I'v had that dream every night fore 3 years I'm messed  up and I'm only 14
Omg, I had pretty much the same dream with a person I lost. It was traumatizing. I hope you feel better now 😟
Tom, do you need a hug?
Holy shit Tom has the exact same smile as his younger dad
Dear tomska, \n   I mean this in a nice way. I REALLY care... and ive noticed youve gotten a bit...bigger. are you ok? If you wanna talk, please do!! Talking usually helpes me, as im actually going through what you are...but i cant lose weight no matter WHAT i do!! I really do hope you answer, because im very worried...i wouldnt want you depressed!\nYours truly,\nShila Robinson/Tori Larsson
Still loving Last Week and will watch until it's over.
Hi Tom,\nAt some point in this episode you were talking about how you're drowning in tasks. I wonder, do you work with a to-do list? I found it helpful for stress management.
this was a goodun
4:52 the middle one looks so good!
I came here for dodie and then I saw D&P I was like kings and my musical queen yEeesS
its alright squidge one day i'll be as happy as you are just to be outside\none-two punch of happiness and sadness jesus
Christ the woman on the thumbnail looks exactly like my mother and I fell off my chair when I scrolled past it because she's been working for a week and I actually though it was her JFC
Wow, they sell Seattle's best in London? That shit is TRASH coffee, and I know cause I live there.
8:55 Hi Tom, I'm currently playing through XCOM 2 War of the Chosen myself and yeah, it can be unfair at times. You can mitigate a lot of it by just making sure you've did all the necessary research to keep yourself ahead of the game. \n\nAlso I imagine you are probably playing on console which I could see being more difficult. It's like a whole new game on PC, you can use mods to change what you don't like about the game and add so much more content to it be it new weapons, enemies, missions or cosmetics for your troops. \n\nDon't be afraid to save scum either, if something happens that you thought was unfair and you want another shot at it just load a quick save from a couple of turns back and give it another shot to try to do better. (Not sure if you can do this on the console? Hopefully you can.) If you have a strong enough PC I'd really recommend giving the game a shot on PC. Super fun game. :)
Grey and green? That shits blue and grey!
I feel part of something the spider costume came from where I live, yuuuuuuus
24:42 Pathetic, only three generations, I’ve had a picture with 5 generations
Honestly it makes me so happy to see you as this small family of three with Charlie and Squidge, Tom🖤✨
I've got one of those for extra space it's super helpful
hey tom likes post malone\ni love it
i can't remember if you're filming with a dslr but if there's an option when you ARE filming to set it to aperture priority pls do. you'll want something above eight to stop constantly going out of focus when you move. i can't tell if you have autofocus on, but the sound might disturb the audio quality im not sure. but yeah if you like the artistic depth of field stick to a low aperture. \njust a small tip from a camera nerd bc i love ur videos and i thought it might help.
my two favorite youtubers know each other yay
What the hell last night I had a dream that my dog was a zombie and I had to shoot it... It was super sad
Ill be honest, i was half expecting you to say you bought studio ghibli itself.
I always love the content but man that gaming rant was hard to get through.
Tom seeing u wiping ur eyes from tears makes me sad that ur sad. Tom u don’t know me but ur literally my hero, u make me laugh u make me happy when when u tell a joke or a pun. If I never found ur channel I would be so boring and feel lifeless without ur comments, my life would feel gray. But just seeing ur smile gets me threw the day. U thought me a lot Tom u really did, and for that I respect u. Ur a very great person in life. I know I’m not the only one who feels this way about what I’m trying to say. Tom u help a lot of people and u make me so happy when u do. :)
Hey Tom, to fill in the time gone from last week Can you do a 'lets play' video on all your fav games???? just a recommendation. its like a weekly vlog but just good old fashion game play of tomska angst :) \n\nfrom A loving fan :)
Did anyone else cry when Tom talked about his nightmare...?
Daniel Craig – angles + roundness + some years = Tom’s Dad
oi thomas ( is that how you weird british ppl speak?) I noticed that eddsworld is not on your best buds page i am triggered and crying ARE YOU PROUD??????
My friend is dealing with anxiety and possible depression, so I told him about you to show that others are dealing with this too.
Tom. That shoe is actually pink. It's sold by Vans.
just know that princess kaguya is the most depressing movie i've ever seen. no spoilers.
THE PAINTING SCARED ME TOO
I didn't see squidge's spider legs on the costume so I just thought you were dressing him up as a racist stereotype
I love dodie's face.
I went and saw Ready Player Three as well! I have to ask... Team Yoshi or Team Waluigi? X)
You bought x com 2 from me in Camden when i worked at game and we took a selfie it was a great day
Am I the only one who thinks I know who the nightmare was about?
The one next to it is Pewdiepie my favourite quote of the video!
That was a powerful “pthhbpp” this week
Not asking for help. I do want to die but i wont do it by my own hand. I have 3 sisters and 2 of their dads hung themselves. Ive not been able to keep a relationship longer than 6 months since my divorce in 2011. I am literally out of energy. But i know if i give up i will never find happiness again and thats what keeps me going (3 suicides in the family would be taking the piss)
12:07 nice dominant seventh chord, didn't resolve it properly though lol
THE PHOTOS WITH SQUIDGE ARE SO CUTE!
#StopVideoGameFeelingAbuse
I know you're not a mental health expert, but it's really nice to see that people with mental health issues can have good days, not just bad days, and that some of the bad days are just, WELP, my brain is being shit today. K. Time to hunker down and ride this out. Bad days aren't always defeat and good days are not as rare as they may seem, and that's really nice to know as I'm figuring my own shit out with social anxiety.
Tom
Squidge! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Thanks gor making me tom
Doddie is hot :)
Watch Ponyo
17:36 Is that Hopsin?
Yas Crash Zoom!
Tord Larsson
20:10 fall apart by post Malone thou
Wow Ridgewells in Ridgewell!
Aye Russell brand
This is amazing
Was it edd
FUCKER ALBUM
Cool spider pug 😀
Wait, Pewdiepie is a scar?
That a chubby Babi
awwwwh the squidge photos
Stressberg dead ahead!
19:35 OH MY GOD CHARLIE STAAAAHHP
Tom get Cuphead!
Squidge is getting big
*The moment Tom realises that there are a lot of kids out there that have no clue that Tom posts sketches*
I played Frostpunk at the Gamescom and it's not a very talkative game. So who do you wanna syncro? The guy who cries for help while lying in a medic tent in the cold :D
Nani?!?
*oh shit nigga*
Omgggg poor guy 😂😂😂
Et sa c'est dans les tendances...
OMG.... i dont know whether im supposed to laugh or feel sorry the kitty....
He just farted in his own face, that's all.
I hate the normalcy of castrating animals, it is so disgusting, women love that shit.
He did a pretty good jo- ..wait a minute where.. why yall looking at me like that wheres my ..Nigga where is my marbles
Where... where are they ?... Where the fuck are my balls?! Please Karen tell me...
Omg, am I the only one who sees the resemblance with Gollem?
Where are my testicles, Summer?
Le pauvre
Bollocks!
Non c'est pas moi 😂
Quand t'apprends que t'es stérile et que tu peux plus baiser mdr...
J'ai pas compris
Je viens de capter. Je suis partagé entre le c'est tellement mignon et et le c'est terrible: Ah bas tiens mes couilles ont disparu OGM quoi
Je ferais la même tête si on me surprenait à faire ça
I was your 1M subscriber I'm honored😍
Opal on the eyes look so good omg
I love that Patrick said Vapor Rub like my Mexican parents say it in Spanish 😂
MORE PATRICK AND ASHLEY!!! 😍😍😍 So funny though
Is she actually a guy?
omg I love you both so much, such great chemistry
Ashley has been looking 19 for 20 years.
anyone else here from watching Patrick’s channel...y’all are cute together... make more videos together. Y’all are hilarious
So happy she has a yt channel and I'm so mad I JUST discovered she did😅😍
Ashley Tisdale is so down to earth! I love it😍😍😍😍
Yooooooo she not in highschool anymore  💀😂😂😂
loving this collab!!!!!!!  🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
OMG SHE LOOKS STUNNING!
U should dress up as sharpay for Halloween
I love ashley’s laugh it’s so cute 💕 love them both💖
Everyone tries to act like UTIs/bladder infections aren’t from sex when we all know they are 😂😂 So funny that she said that. Love it
She looks like Jessy Mediola,celeb from the Philippines
why does this makeup look, gives me a riverdale vibes?
This video was amazing!
LMFAOOO PATRICK GOT ME WEAK 😂😂😂😂😂💀💀💀he can get anyone to laugh i swear 😂
Please do more videos together
Can Patrick come do my makeup please, I always look like shit 😂  I can’t contour, I can do eye makeup and my brows always look shit! 😂
Ashley we neeeed a video of you reacting to yourself on Suite Life and High School Musical
I LOVE Ashley in a red lip
Bop bop bop bop to the top
More of you two!!!!!
Is  ONCE A WILD CAT  real ??
this makeup is beautiful!! also, yall are so cute
Love your videos! Especially this one, you and Patrick have a great connection :D
Can someone pleeeease tell me what lashes those were?? I can't hear what Patrick said
I love you forever Ashley! FABULOUS!
😂😂”are u a vaporu type of person” I can’t rn😂
i love you two together 😂😂😂😭😂😂😍😍😍
That lip color is gorgeous!!!! I love this collab!!!! You two are amazing together!!!! More collabs!!!! Stunning look!!!!
This is the most unboring collab i’ve watched so far! Can’t wait to see more you two with Vannessa hudgens too!
OMFG Patrick’s hands are bigger than Ashley’s head haha😂😂😂
i love how down to earth and genuine and wonderful ashley is, she has always been that celebrity that is super cool (sorry i cant spell lol)
Yaaassssssss love it.    Do more!!!!
I love how Ashley is still so youthful!!
Patrick Star? Where's SpongeBob? Okay okay I'll leave 😂😂
Totally getting Brittany Murphy vibes! Looks just like her 😍😍😍
Love iittttt! You guys should do a get ready with me together next time!
This was so funny loved it lol
You guys are great. I get the best vibes from this collab.
OMG why is Patrick so fricken hilarious i would be crying laughing if he was doing my makeup!!!
You two have such great chemistry! I LOVE the look and the lip color is gorgeous!! Another collab would be amazing!!!! Love you, Ashley!! xx
I love his personality so much 😂😂😂 I need a friend like this lol
Ashley you're so beautiful!
Candace your brothers on the run
I love this collab! I had no idea ypu had a Youtube channel until I saw your video on Patrick's channel. So excited! #Subcribed
I need another video from you two! Yall's vibe is amazing!!
This look reminds me to Brittany Murphy! You two are so fun to watch xxx
I love how Ashley sips her drink 😂😂☕🦄
Does anyone else think Coffee Bean is gross?? All their flavors taste soo powdery. I hate it.
I love you two ! more videos like this :) Kisses :*
Ashley your skin is flawless and you're so beautiful! ❤️
Omg I'd love a video with you two & Vanessa.
You're both so funny ^^
Lmfao 😂😂😂 Patrick star you are hilarious the best combination of entertainment you can snatch a face and make laugh at the same dam time!
You two are so cute, love this video 💗
Love the lip! What brush is he using at 7:00?
This look is absolutely FABULOUS. 💎💝🌸 Gabriella is QUAKING, and Ryan is SH00K.
wow Ashley looking hot and beautiful like always💖💟
Love this!
I ❤️ U
You're so beautiful omg
Love it! 😍💚
Kids ? Ashely
RIP earphone users @ 8:54 and 12:02
love it babe
both so cute
So gorgeous ashley!! HSM DAYS!!
I Love ashley
SOO YA THINK YA BETTTER THAN ME!!! LOL
C’mon filter😂
That lippie is gorgeous!!!💄👍🏼👍🏼❤️❤️❤️
She looks like Adele exarchopolous without makeup
Mrs. Sharpayyyyyy 🗣#SNATCHED 😍
Yall SLAYYYYYYYY
gooooorgeous!!
Omg Ashley is so so so beautiful! ❤️❤️❤️
Patrickstarrr knows the song “I’m Fabulous” - HSM2 “thanks Ashley Tisdale” lmao 😂
Love you Ashley 😍
Haha loved this!
Fabulous 😍😂❤️❤️
Very beautiful look
Fucking love this video 💖
yeeeah! represent the Filipinos PatrickStarrr #proudtobeone
Love it 😍
YASSSSSSS I loooooove this video ❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤💙💚💛💜💓💕💖💗💘💝💞💟
my two divas twogether... u match soo well
Ashley 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Awesome video!:)
That bold lip tho!
i loveeeee you’re channel 😍😍
Lmao
Ashley has gorgeous eyes. Great look Patrick
I think Patrick should just be like a regular dude bro...like no makeup, wearing a football jersey and backwards baseball hat.
is that a man?
Peter!!!!! Your voice is so 👌👌👌👌👌
Zoe Saldana would be a good Cinderella
Patrick can you please try to do Peters makeup like yours?? I bet you would look sooo similar 😀 Loving the intro and the look, you're doing so great Patrick, keep up the good work 😻 love from Norway
Patrick can you please do a princess series this Halloween 😊
Please do a hairspray look next
I love this tutorial...your amazing Patrick😩💕🙌🏾😘
OMG Brandy version of Cinderella! The only Cinderella I acknowledge!
all of you ,  every single one were wonderful in this xxxxxxxx
She gotta go cuz These are bloody shoes😂😂😂😂
Omg she doesn’t even need make up she looks flawless
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas I'm frickin living omg omg I can't I have tears in my eyes
The prince can give me his balls lmaooo yessss
Stop it rn! You win Halloweennnnnn 😭😭🖤❤️
after this video I'm going to jam to some Brandy aka Moesha
One of the best tutorials of all time!!! I luv you both! Y'all should do collaborations regularly 💗💗💗
Patrick, you are just so ridiculously talented, and it's always a pleasure to watch any of your videos. You always do an A.M.A.Z.I.N.G job every time you do a video like this. This makes me want to watch the film again now 😀
Freaking amazing, you guys did a great job !!!!! These are bloody shoes😂😂
Yasssss I remember the brandy Cinderella.  I’m literally singing along with them 😍😍😍😍🙌🙌🙌
I am... speechless ? This is everything. I'm shook to the core and in love with Peter...
HER COMPLEXION 😍
This is soooooo beautiful!!!!
Intro has me 💀💀💀💀😂😂😂😂😂
Loved this tutorial!!!!!! My favorite movie
I was in high school when that movie came out. I was a sophomore. Telling my age!
Won’t mention how many times I’ve watched this!! Lol
FINALLY SOMEONE TALKS ABOUT THIS BESIDES ME
This was/is my fav version of this movie. LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE, this gave me my ENTIRE life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOVE THIS! JUST REWATCHED THE MOVIE BC OF THIS TUTORIAL. MORE TUTORIALS YOU TWO ARE AMAZING TOGETHER!
Yassss you better do my favorite version of cidy! Gurlllll
Peter is so sweet!!
Beautiful look! One of my favorite movies!
OMG!!!! THIS IS LITERALLY MY FAVORITE MOVIE! TIARRA WAS THE PERFECT COICE! MY FAVE TUTORIAL BY FAR!
The intro I'm actually shook
I love this please make more
Her skin is gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous..even before the make up
Always Been My Favorite Version Of Cinderella 😩 Can Hear Whitney Singing Impossible Now
PETER !!!! Within the first second I was already screaming 😻😻😻 love this look you’re amazing Patrick !!!
Me watching this video: Oh shit, is that Peter looking like a whole snack?! 🤦
I need Brandy to see this!
yass patrick.. put everybody on to this cinderella!!
Love the movie and love this look
2:18 is an amazing and creative way of getting us to follow, and that intro??!!! This makeup!??!!?!
I come back to watch 12:03 every time
THIS VIDEO MADE MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE!!!!! This movie was everything to me as a child I'm bawling my eyes out!!!!😭😭😭 Also Peter's voice is so freaking good!!
I'm fucking crying! So in love with it! And the singing 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
AHHH IM SCREAMING I love this movie and this make up is right on! YASS Patick YASSS
That intro was EVERYTHING!!!! I gotta go these are bloody shoes Is that fenty? ... I LOVE YALL
Yaaaaaassss peter!!!! I love you guys 😍
The intro gave me butterflies
YAAASSSS PETER!!!!!!!!!!! YOU DID THAT HONEY!
She looks more like Princess Tiana to be honest. lol
WOW.JUST WOW! this is on repeat
Please do fairy godmother, that would be fabulous!!!!
Just watched the movie last weekend. Been obsessed with the movie since 01.
I absolutely loved the intro, and loved Cinderella theme. I say a fairy god mother look!!
Oh my gosh!! I got chills just from the intro 😍😍😍😍😍
I love this!!! My favorite video on YouTube 😩
Iike I hot glued my wig tight and I got in a fight and it didn't get snatched but the entire video had my wig SNATCED and my edges
I’m 13 and I have seen the movie 🍿 it is AMAZING 💋
absolutely amazing took me wayyyy back to my childhood soooo amazing
So nice do more Disney princess looks or do Whitney Houston’s fairy god mother look
DANG IT, I thought this was a new Cinderella coming out....
I got shook when she spoke like Queen Bey! :o
Hahahahahaha
wow
YAAAAS Bloody Shoes....lol lowkey want the song on iTunes!!!
superrrrr cuteee more of these
Yall did that patrick!!!
Ahhh I love this 😍😍😍😍😍
Love this ❤️
Wow Peter. Amazing
THIS DESERVES MORE VIEWS
Is this Fenty? I CRIEDDDDDD
Speechless. 💕💕💕
rodger and hammerstein's cinderella yasssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
😁 good one
Wowww 😭Beautiful 😫❤️!!
Yo Peter
Patrick do Whitney please !!
I LOVED THIS!!!!
awwwwwwwwww Peterrrrrrr
shes so stunning without make-up 😭😭😭
I’m like Speechless!
Omg it sounds exactly like her 12:22
I looooooove her skin😍✨✨✨✨
YASSS😍😍😍😱
loooooooooooooooooooooove
My childhood Cinderella!! OMFG \nI love thisss!!!
Her skin is flawless hunny!
EDGES.SNATCHED!!!
Yasssss Peterrr!!! YASSSSSSSS
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
yess..luv the look
OMG I looooooove this!!! ☺️☺️🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾😩😩😩
so beautiful!!
OMG !!! Peter is EVERYTHING!!!🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
❤️❤️❤️
LORDT!!
That intro slayed too!
Is Peter ; Patrick's bf ?
The Road is long and hard but we will make it someday never give up Kota. You upload good content. Slow grind my dude.💜👊
how it is unlimited if swap back to coil you wont have ammo?
Doesn't know if this is going to be useful for Raids...... HAH 😃
So basically start of with the Wardcliff coil, Fire it once and then switch weapons like a rocket launcher and you'll have full ammo? Cool.
how much ammo does the wardclif get when switching back to it with 1 sniper bullet?
Why use this only in nf and nog in raid?
;)
I've had multiple of each exotic now but that exotic sniper rifle will not drop for me, it's seriously pissing me off.
Thank you.
Thought I was the only one who noticed this
Hey Kota
When Dana says he is not mentally or emotionally invested in Jon Jones anymore,  it's the first glimpse of sanity out of Uncle Dana I have seen in quite some time,  maybe there is hope for him yet.  lol
what the fuck with this personality bullshit nowadays? It's a fucking FIGHT LEAGUE, talk about fights not personalities.
Lee is shit on the mic...he barely even destroyed Tony on the trash talk ...Connor would MuRDER Lee in trash talk
Who is this jack off interviewer, wanted lee to fight mcgregor for the buildup??!!! How about ferguson v mcgregor bc it’s the best possible fight lol
Worse discussion I have heard.  Personality and language barrier mean nothing in the cage.
Francis Ngannou is an incredible heavyweight. He's a 6,4 big fellow who is all muscle. Watched his 8 fights and can't wait to see him fight Alistair Overeem in UFC218.
Gegard Mousassi?
no one gives a fuck about jose aldo
Jon Jones setup
Dana has the Humpty Dumpty  forehead
I hope Overeem beats Ngannou. Not because I dislike Ngannou or particularly like Overeem. But they shouldn't be hyping the guy up like this when he has 1 top 10 win
Hey dana, my grandmother said she would fight macgregor! !!! Put it together!!! It would be more real than mayweather you scum bag
conor is scared to defend his title because defending the title is the hardest thing to do in all of combat sports.
DJ, GSP, Silva and Jones go on historic runs as champs.  Two (Jones and Silva) are fuck ups and the other two are widely considered the GOAT's of the UFC.  DJ is told he must fight the winner of Cody vs TJ  and GSP is told he can only move up to challenge Bisping for the 185 belt if he agrees to face Whittaker next if he were to win the belt before anything else.  DJ says he thinks it's not fair to let TJ or Cody, who have never fought in the 125 division, a shot at a belt ahead of the guys who have been battling it out the whole time at that weight class for the right and Dana threatens to get rid of the division all together.  GSP has a mental meltdown after the pressure of being the champ for 8 years got to him and as soon as he says he is walking away, Dana publicly calls him out because he was leaving with the belt and thinks GSP should have let someone beat him first.  \n\n  Where are these rules for Conor?  McGregor beats Aldo for the 145 and was never told he had to defend it at least once before challenging Alvarez at 155 for the belt.  Conor was never forced to fight Kahbib or Ferguson before Alvarez or to defend the belt at least once before taking on Nate.  It was obvious Conor was healthy and able to defend but was still given Nate twice and Mayweather once.  Everyone who thinks the high ratings Conor gets for his fights means it's because he is such a great fighter is bullshit, half those PPV's are people wanting to see Conor get his loud mouth ass kicked but they never seem to put him against the talent that can do it.  When they did, Nate choked his ass out and arguably won the second fight making Nate a house hold name among MMA fans, proving that many pay to watch Conor loose every bit as much pay to cheer him on.  \n\n  Dana has been protecting Conor and it couldn't be more obvious but than we have Dana letting Conor pick his next fight even though he has done absolutely nothing compared to DJ and GSP to be allowed that power.  GSP's numbers were the ones that broke the ceiling on the MMA sport and he was the one who started the profit sharing from PPV earnings that Conor is making most of his money off of today.  It's a shame so many think Conor's treatment is fare and well earned while guys of DJ's and GSP's stature are constantly being put on notice.  Conor should feel embarrassed every time he opens his mouth from now on because he has a sad resume compared to the real legions of the sport.  Dana should resign as the commissioner and hold the true title of his action as Conors personal promoter because he sure as hell has lost his grip on placing talent against talent when it applies to Conor.
Dana only stays around because him staying on for a set number of years was part of the deal, when they sold the UFC..
Boxers and boxing fans before Mayweather fight basically said and implied this: OK so Conor we need you to fight with only one discipline and so you must leave all of your other skills out against Floyd OK. We know that you will fuck all of us up if you could use all of your tools so please just limit yourself to one so we can have a good chance and likely win. Oh yes Conor and finally you have to obey the strict boxing rules because we all know that if it was an MMA fight or a street fight u would end Floyd or any of us in 30 seconds. So please Conor we need u to box only for our safety.\nWhile Conor says: Bring ya balls and have a real fight but if you'll wanna have a matchup under rules that would keep you alive its fine. I dont give a fuck.
this inrerviewr asked the most predictable cliche questions anybody could think of. had dana infront of u and thats the best u could do? and u talk like a recording played on 2X speed. fanboy level thru the charts
DANA IS SUCH A LYER, saying hes happy to see GSP back, He refused to let him back on the card, for ages and didnt want to see him in the UFC.
In other sports a great personality helps you get more sponsorship dollars but it doesn't affect whether you get a shot at a championship like it does in the UFC
I like Stipe just as he is all this trash talking bullshit is ruining the sport.
Such an injustice to say GSP is one of the greatest 170 ponders ever who was better then him at 170? It's pretty clear cut he's the best that division has ever seen, Try one of the best fighters ever.
Gegard Moussassi was ranked no. 5 in the middle weight division! Seriously no one?
Conor does what ever he wants and Dana and the rest of the ufc can’t do anything to stop him.
Realy nice interview !
Yup, frame Jones, to protect Lesnars legacy.
Free Helwani.
Ngannou next Heavyweight champ, hands down!
Wasted indeed
first
Dana and ahhh White
great vid ty
DANA WHITE IS FULL OF SHIT!!!!! He has gone from Tony fights Conor next to; its a fight that needs to happen to; well I have been on the road and I have not been blah blah blah. How many of you wanna bet that Dana sabotages the Ferguson vs Connor fight because Dana KNOWS Tony will kick his ass???  Connor is a UFC  cash cow and the brass is gonna do whatever to make sure it stays that way. Tony to the brass is not marketable. He's Mexican! In a racist America they want to see white bread on the Wheaties box, not toast. So T.F. don't get your hopes up to high sir and start looking for a alternative to fight. Because I bet you a vegas million, that Dana makes Tony fight Nate first, then the winner fights Connor where Dana and the brass hope Connor will win and he will. Then you will get the Connor vs Nate trilogy. Dana is beginning  to change his tune about Connor vs tony. Just go listen to all the interviews. He sounds less and less convincing every time.
I want to see Conor and nate trilogy but that fight has to wait another year tony deserves the next fight and is tougher then nate by a country mile .
Conor did mention Tony though. He tweeted out a picture of himself with the name Tony written. At least know your shit brother before proclaiming stuff that isn’t true.
Dana's head looks like an egg.
that nigger isnt french..
I'm a Conor fan but he has to fight tony other wise the belt is meaningless tony won the interm belt now he deserves that shot it would be like the if the patriots won every playoff and didn't play in the superbowl makes no sense .
I think Connor Mcfagots stupid looking baby is Dana's baby that's why Dana only promotes Connor so much that stupid looking baby has a huge forehead I think it will be retarded when it grows up it's a crack baby fuck that piece of shit baby and Dana and Connor Mcfagot 🤗🙋🐕😃
Nganou is french eh? riiiiiight.
Tony will kill Conor
If Conor is taking more time off then Tony should fight Nate and the winner gets a shot at The McGregor Belt! I honestly dont think McGregor gives a shit about belts anymore.
Tired of hearing about conor he's an average fighter. And pay Nate and Nick whatever they want the UFC is boooooring now. It I wanted to watch drama i would watch a soap opera.
What why is this trending?
Why is this trending?
The fuck YouTube this video was up in 2013 and ur putting it on trending 4 years laters the fuck
You could say Freddie like eating ass.
there is... no reason for this to be in trending.
YouTube! Your algorithms are acting up again!
Why the fuck is this trending?
I think I'm gonna vomit so hard mm bluhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhu
Why is this trending?
What happened to the rat?
who else was distributed when they showed this part of the movie
WTF!? WHY IS THIS TRENDING!!???
This is an odd thing to say but james horner's creepy music really fits this scene like if you agree
This scene genuinely upset me when I was pregnant. I started crying cause he was eating his friend
That's fucked up
This scene is censored in the UK TV version. Madness.
Peter just leaves something dangerous there lol. Don't tell anyone about it or anything.
Poor Wilma...
It took me half a year to realise what he was eating it is wilma. Look u can see her tail and legs and half her body saw it on my DVD tho
Did this lizard mouse attacked Peter after seeing him?
While pretty horrific, I think it's clever. \nWhat better way to show the consequences of the lizard serum than through lab mice?\n(NOT to say I approve of animal testing)\nBut in this way, we get an idea of how dangerous the serum is without seeing Dr. Connors cross that line himself.
439 dislikes Either Cmf Or Other Haters \n\n\n\n\nGuess What Fuck Em
Dolph on some Pac shit rn
Dolph bullet proof
CLASSIC 🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬
Before 100K 💯
Dolph just made me Sub 👌💯
Played this 10 times straight new dolph wooow
Real shit. 🙏🏽
Dolph on sum next level shit 🔥🔥
Dj A-Dolph\nLol
Fire 🔥
i love this shit bro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN7h7WGi4XI&t=7s freestyle
Itsss dolpppphhhh ayeeee
bitche XD lol
Drumma Boy on thisss 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This song Deep AF yoh
Real shit💯
Staright facts😟😟💯💯
Pray for them 500 haters its Dolph bitch
Truth
Dolph 💯
WENT TO GRANDMA GRAVE TOLD HER I MISS HER.....
Grandma told me she need a new car
That's a hit♨♨....give this 2 weeks again & it will have 30m🔥🔥
My boy Dolph done came back stronger with that album fr
Damn this track gave me real chill...
This is real life shit
Went 2 My Momma Grave & Told Her I Miss You 😢 Dis Shit Make Da Hardest Goonz Cry
https://youtu.be/92QYTTRgGyY 👍🏾👎🏾❓ pour up to dis
🔥🔥
Shit deep asl
YOUNG DOLPH LIL BRO INSTAGRAM @paperroute_stillfamous EVERYONE GO CHECK HIM OUT
https://youtu.be/NUNiFP8lC6U it's dolpppph 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Raw
💯💯💯💯 https://youtu.be/_lWwSqKjW0s
joyrd
Just keep that shit real that nigga sound dead already hahah
🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬
this dolph album gonna be legendary
🐬bout to get dem boys 🙏😇
This some fire Dolph😎👌💪
This is 💆🏾 wow ❤️💪🏾
https://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/mixxsquaders/id1059508570
ZoNe
This 💩 100 without being super lyrical.
Yo gotti made 361 accounts to dislike 😂
omfg dolph keep pushin man u a real ass nigga keep pushin u inspire me
Dolph Always talk that shit 🔥💯
🔥🔥
https://youtu.be/FV4vgydLYDM New DOLPH  BANKROLLS
My Boy
mane dolph u been 🔥 since u came out #NoLie 💰💯
367 haters  that's sad
This that real dolph shit 🔥
Bigger then Tv: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2_3RSML7rEQMOoawo_VtW30wmyd_-NO1 the new mixtape from DKMG check us out!!!
IT'S THAT TIME OF DA YEAR
Dolph is the only man ik that can make a emotional song like this sound hard at the same time while preaching💯he deserves them millions 💸💰
This how you come back at ppl. Make your paper ! We hear you in Seattle !
🐬 While You Here Got The Power To Make A Nigga Shed A Tear On Errthang Errbody Can't Relate 💯🔥🙏🏾💂🏾‍♀️
The beat is amazing lyrics phenomenon
Real shit my mom actively dying I can say I gave my O.G. her flowers while she was living👌💪☝
Dolph your cool keep it up like the lyrics and beat.
I don't really like today's rap trap..but this I like ...first time jamming Dolph. ...good job
favorite song onna album by farrrr , he was talkin bout sum real shit on this one 💯
after this song go check out G herbo - Head Right video https://youtu.be/rEtxzQV7_Zs
sound like king of Memphis
To think I didnt feel him at first. This changed my whole perspective on him. PRE
I reacted to this!! Go watch on my channel and subscribe please!
I just listen to this song the other day ago, then the following day later I get a call saying my brother is dead. You really have to give someone flowers while they are here
Drumma boy always was my favorite producer he neva fell me
I can relate to this 🙏🏽
6 months since a Dolph tape. I'm ready lol
My little brother locked up just for trynna get some paper, but I can't blame him cause his Big Brotha a paper chaser 🔥🔥🔥
Every rime i hear listen to the track bitch I say no in my head but still listen lol.
It's that Time of the Year... It's ALOT of Shit goin on Around Here!!🔥🔥💯
LISTEN TO NEXT UPCOMING ARTIST !! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7HhNWBxdiA
Dang this whole song just made me think
Memphis rappers always give u that life in they bars ...no word play needed
this is that one and the views went upp bitch real shit only .....it's dolph
🔥Tell your momma you love her while your here🔥🔥🔥🎵🎼
MIKE PRICE UP NEXT CHECK HIM OUT HIGH SCHOOL KID
Drumma Boy\nWhat's goin' on in real life though?\nWhen you get off that microphone\nYou know what I mean?\nYeah, I'm talkin' 'bout for real life though\n\nGrandma called and told me that she need a new car\nSaid she heard that her grandson is a superstar\nMama said don't worry, she sick but she good though\nMama and daddy in the suburbs but they hood though, yeah\nMy lil brother locked up just for tryna get some paper\nBut I can't blame him 'cause his big brother a paper chaser\nKeep some money on his books, man that young nigga straight\nHe said he don't want no visits, that young nigga eight\nMy best friend's mama gettin' sicker by the day\nCancer took over her body, got her all in pain\nMy homie goin' through it, I see it all in his face\nNow everybody bow your head, it's time to pray\n\nTell your mama you love her while she here (for real)\nTell your pops that you love him while he here (for real)\nTell your homeboy you love him while he here (for real)\nOne day you here, next day you gone, for real (ayy, ayy ayy!)\nIt's that time of the year\nIt's a lot of shit goin' on 'round here\nTell your bitch that you love her while you here\nIf it wasn't for her, would your kids be here?\n\nSometimes I just sit back and think\nDo I think too hard or do I think enough?\nEverything that I do I got a son watching now\nI got nephews and lil cousins that look up to me\nYeah I made it up out them streets nigga, luckily\nOnly if you knew what I been through\nMama stressin' out 'cause the rent due\nWent to grandma grave and told her I miss you\nIt's hard to stay focused out here livin' in hell\nThe only way to get ahead is if you catchin' sales\nYou got niggas out here every day catching shells\nIt's real life shit right here, no fairy tales\n\nTell your mama you love her while she here (for real)\nTell your pops that you love him while he here (for real)\nTell your homeboy you love him while he here (for real)\nOne day you here, next day you gone, for real (ayy, ayy ayy!)\nIt's that time of the year\nIt's a lot of shit goin' on 'round here\nTell your bitch that you love her while you here\nIf it wasn't for her, w\n￼￼￼￼
Sometimes I just sit back and think do I think to hard or do I think enough!!
I knew he was going to come back like he never left!!
Grateful YD is alive & well+ still making fresh music with a real message and vibe - Don't stop, the world is listening <3
If you like R&B and Hip Hop check this out!! https://youtu.be/dsN3VWodha8
A man with Ambition refuses to allow the world’s trials and tribulations to keep him down!! Instead when he gets knocked down he’ll find away to get back up and fight HARDER ....
Just lost 3 friends in 1 month. This shit resonates big time
This video made a nigga cry how real it is if you got beef with someone right now just drop it because it’s probably not worth it
some real shit over here
I to call my brother seems he got cancer and tell him i love him 💓
This shit real. I fuck with Dolph PRE
Tell yo mommy you love why she here love young dolph
1:22 \n\nMe: I don't think at all so...
Home Boi doing good I'm in Florida representing 901 & Dolph 🐬
🙏💔👈💔💔💔🙏🙏👈👈👈👈🙏🙏🙏
This shit 🔥🔥😤😤
here before a milli🔥🔥 but check my channel out
Dead dolphin has a better ring to it
Watch out Nick she might make you one of her Bae's for this lolll
grav3yard girl!
This should be a series. Cupcakes inspired by youtubers 🤗
When are we gonna get a Jenna Marbles marbled cupcake??
Maybe you could do a Glozell cinnamon challenge cupcake. Like a cinnamon flavour cupcake with a deadly secret chamber of pure cinnamon inside hidden by frosting in her signature green lipstick colour? X
I'm sooo exited about nicky startip this Halloween 🍁😈❤
You should make something for froze toes!
Wengie
Can you make a video on how to make homemade cake pops?
It was an adorable Miranda Sings impression, okay?
Pena não sei falar inglês e nem consigo traduzir a receita 😥😥😥😥
nice cupcakes
You should do a jefree star cupcake
My five year old daughter has been watching your videos all day!! She wants you to make a pink and purple sparkly cake please? 😂
I loved the impressions
Miranda burping is the best!! Laura Vitale cupcake!!
I've never heard of Miranda sings, but I'm off to check her out now! I'm intrigued 😁
A Halloween/Swamp inspired cupcake for grav3yardgirl would be so neat!! Loved this btw Nick, too cute!
THAT MIRANDA IMPRESSION WAS ON POINT
Make ice cream cake
Please do something Liza Koshy!
Simply nailogical
Lol “listick”, i lover her
Never heard of her....
Colleen needs to see this!
“My period has NOTHING to do with it.” I die every time.
Question: what do you do with all the cupcakes, cakes and macarons after? Lol just wondering: p
Could you try and make a 'Markiplier' or 'Jacksepticeye' inspired treat?
Please Please PLEASE DO THE GABBIE SHOW (GABBIE HANNA)!!!!!!!!!
“BRING A DADDY SADDLE ON YOUR FIRST DATE”
heard of a triple threat well I'm a 5 threat😂🤣
I love that blue grey colour you made!
Nikita Dragun 🐲🐲 I think you could make an amazing cupcake
Please make a Tasselfairy cupcake! She is so awesome 😊
You should make a Jenna and Julien themed cupcake!!!
As always: fabulous. What exact sprinkles did you use? They're so glittery! ✨
My favorite is when she says no
WHAT THE EVEN HECK
We're like baes and we aren't even married yet? What do you even egg?
I like the skinny and long ones 😂😂
Thanks Nick I love your recipes and great personality 😊
I love youuuu and all your channel! You content is amazing! Love your recipes!\nFor the cupcakes sugestion i would say a jefree star one, would be all pink and glittery haha big hugs!
thats a lot of frosting o.o
I really wanted you to make these cupcakes!!! Great job
Will you try doing a Liza Koshy or David Dobrik cupcake
JkNews YouTubers. They’re a big cast but just one cupcake that represents all of them and one specific “cast member” Taika Kwan. The newest most adorable member of the Jk fam. ❤️❤️
we: heey where cupcakes at? where cupcakes at?\nnick: I got so much pastry. I'll teach you how to get one too\nwe: heey where cupcakes at? where cupcakes at?\nnick: now you can cook one too
My favourite miranda comment is 'WHAT THE HELL ARE U KIDDING ME IS THIS A JOKE
i love youuuu in made your unicorn macrons i love youuu
Your Miranda impression was on point xD
Can u make glow in the dark cupcakes
Oh dear God I feel like I'm good at guessing just because that icing made me think of lipstick. From the post before this video. Lol
Oh my goodness Nick, I love you for this! Miranda sings has to see this
YAY! Love your work keep it up!!
You are the best! ♡
Dan And Phillllll cupcakes \n😍😍😍
Grav3yard girl cupcakes
I like that you are doing de measurements in grams because I live in Holland!😊
Ooh that's a beautiful cupcake! 😍 If you could do a Jackie Aina or Mr. Kate inspired cupcake, that would be absolutely fabulous!!!!
Rosanna Pansino or an ijustine cupcake
Markiplier cupcakes!!!
AHH THE IMPRESSION “HEELLOOOO”
*maybe
dearra and ken cupcakes 😂
Awesome Nick!
Soooooooo amazing
Luv u nick
saludo de lobo, auuuu, jajajaja que bonito color
Most creative cupcake idea ever! 🙌
YOURE TITTING ME OFF
SPICYYYY
WENGIIIIEEEE 💖💖
HATERS BACK OFF
Ryan Higa cupcake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
666
Anzeige is raus
WOWWW AMAZING😍😍😘👏👏🖒🖒🖒🖒
ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT OMG
Amazing! 😍
Its beautiful!!!!
HEY WHERE MY BAES AT??😂😂💕❤️
Get uot -favorite miranda sings quote
oh my god finally!!!!😍😍😍
Heee guys it's me Miranda 💋
Omg😻😻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I read Mirinda :C
Simplynailogical Cupcakes!!
Trending but only 4k views
My favorite one isHow could you do that......😭😭😭😭..............🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣she is the best 😊
Nice vid as always, but you gotta fix the title says listick just saying lol 💕
Gorgeous! You’ve missed the filling in this cupcake 😄
How’s this trending?
Hi nick! I love your videos, I love you recipes! But I do have to say, darling you need to tan those milky arms of yours!  A little sun or fake tanner never hurt nobody! I say this all in fun of course, I mean no harm, just a little “tan-ness” that’s all!!! 💙
Love your channel for such a long long period, but Nick, I am a hardcore sugarholic but I am on a huge diet. Can you make some gluten-free, lowcarb or paleo friendly cupcakes, please??????
Reminds me of Wendy's
Hiii nick ! could you do more cookie recipes like maybe a red velvet or a snickerdoodle cookie ? I´ve tried so many cookie recipes and they NEVER turn out no where near to store bought cookiies its so frustrating !!! xox
Holy crap, those piped blue stripes inside! You are the master of patience!
Can you do a a stampy cupcake? (Stampylonghead)
Ugly dude
Nick can you make a cupcake for pregnancy and infant loss awareness?? The colors of the ribbon are pink and blue. It would mean so much!!
That was the most unnecessary “fucking” line ever.
I guess I was expecting something like Die, Klingon f__er! or Isolate that core breach or the f___ing ship is gonna blow! Instead, we get this. HISTORIC.
Garbage.  Shaka, when the walls fell.
Thank goodness my favorite swear word survives until at least the 23rd century.
I can't believe we're in a universe where I can say Seth MacFarlane could write a better Star Trek with a straight face.
Ahead warp 5, lets' get out of this crazy universe, and find where the real Star Trek went!
nope this is not fucking cool
Think of all the parents having to explain what fucking cool means to their kids....
It just wasn't needed. It was only forced in to make the BORING conversation sound more exciting. I perfect example of lazy writing.
Un-fucking-believable, is what it is... That somebody actually approved this scene to be written, let alone filmed and aired.
It feels like this was for pure shock value, it had no context that justified it and it added nothing to the scene or dialogue. Sadly, I think it was done on the basis that the internet would be talking about it, as indeed we are!
sad really really sad that this show continues to show the worst in human race instead of the best like it was originally intended, and it used to be a show that was family friendly,  not anymore I guess really sad
The reaction some people are having to this is completely ridiculous. \n\nSaying fuck in this scene worked fine in the context in which it was used. \n\nThis is a young cadet on her first ship assignment getting very excited about a scientific discovery, and having a slip of the tongue. She’s human, it happens.\n\nIt’s blatantly clear she knew she screwed up, and expected to get reprimanded for it. \n\nIf someone had said fuck as an insult, or to degrade someone, or something negative like that I could understand. But that isn’t how it was used. \n\nPeople have used profanity in Trek before, this is nothing new. \n\nNot to mention there’s been worse shown and done in other series than someone using the word fuck.
I'm a big fan of Cadet Tilly.
This is Star Trek but it does NOT feel like Star Trek because it is NOT worthy of the Star Trek lable.
Gene's rolling in his grave
Oh my FUCKING GOD! The amount of bitching about this show has become FUCKING ridiculous!
A: Hey, let's explain our illogic idea of a spore drive and a blablatard with some techno-babble to the audience! \n\nB: But what if they got bored ...?!\n\nA: Hmmm ... Wait, I have an idea! Tell the goddamned audience that our idiotic idea is *fucking* cool! \n\nB: OK, the fucking will do the trick! Problem solved!
It's Star Trek, ....not Breaking Bad.\n Resorting to totally unnecessary shock and awe F-bombs is a sign of a limited intellect, lazy writing, and wreaks of an obvious attention grabbing ploy for ratings.
Hebbywood garbage.
THIS IS SO FUCKING COOL! - Lt. Sylvia Tilly (actress Mary Wiseman) - Well, it's canon now. About time! :D
You know what's fucking cool? Every star trek series but this one...
Oh man they said fuck! There are so edgy................You want a truly Star Trek ish show watch Orville
Battlestar Galactica did it better.
It just a bunch of hylozoism.
Poor Gene...
It's always like they are in a military type thing, and people in the military service curse.  I mean who would of thought?
When the producers and writers of a Star Trek show think, an f-bomb is a sign of maturity of a show, while in fact it is a de-evolution, you know you have a bunch of idiots, who are all way over their head, running a show.\n\nBTW: The exposition dialogue in this scene is so blatant, it hurts. They could have shown text cards inserted into the scene instead with the same dramatic effect. The writing of this show is even below fan film productions. Is this the Hollywood standard now?
Wooooooooooooooooooooooo! Final frontier! Hipster trendy! Cutting edge! It's what is HOT in Hollywood.\n\nThe F word on an Abrams inspired abortion of Trek.\n\nHollywood is a dead corpse run by perverts.
Bahahahah!!!! Unnecessary and yet Hillarious, I didn't watch this show but I will now
It was awkward usage to be honest 😅
The real new Star Trek\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCBuaTnDsQs&t=303s
who the F passed this scene..swearing...guy scenes...what next alien orgies...mmmmm....Not wat it used to be...
I like Lt. Sylvia Tilly but the fucking  line what was that Also the other starfleet guy in the cell with lorca said SHIT so two swear words were used
This show keeps trying to not be Star Trek.
It's the end of the world as we know it.......
Finally the f bomb boldly going where no f bomb has gone before! Fucking engage maximum warp!
Picard: Shut the FUCK up wesley!!....just wouldn't have the same dismisive bluntness as shut up wesley more aggressive no fuck's in star trek please or star wars hey obi-wan, yeah you, go fuck your mudda
Hey, let's drop the first f-bomb in Star Trek.\nSure, what context were you thinking for that? Some epic speech? A real tense, dramatic moment?\nI dunno... throw it randomly into some technobabble.
Is that Daryl from Adventures in Babysitting?
I hate STD and where Star Trek has fallen to since Enterprise ended. It used to be a great human drama that you could sit down and watch with the family. You could discuss episodes and have fun watching some occasional action without being exposed to garbage. Now it’s just more “pew pew” sci fi with sex, gory violence, and swearing. On top of that, they screwed up the Klingons, ship design, and the overall canon. \n\nI never thought I’d wish for a Star Trek show to fail but I sincerely hope STD gets cancelled soon.
AirWolf. The show about an attack helicopter's pilot episode got an 18 sticker for dropping an F bomb. Will enjoy seeing what rating that episode get's when released on DVD for double F bomb.
This series has no honor.
Oh shit everyone is this comment section is an expert on filmmaking and script writing!!
Well at least they didn't use the F-bomb to insult someone that might have been not appropriate
Pathetic, sad and completely unnecessary but hardly surprising since the MPAA allowed PG-13 films to contain the F-bomb as long as it's not used in a sexual context. It's become a trend, for example every X-Men film has contained it since First Class. As for Star Trek, Chris Pine as Kirk already used minor profanities in the ST reboot films so watch out for an F-bomb in the next one.
This mum-bo jom-bo tec speak makes no sense not to mention the horror of what's it's doing to establish cannon. Can't understand all the hate the cast receive for their acting on this show. For the most part their fine, just a little to much Michael what's her face... that and rewriting most trek lore. Well this could be a mirror galaxy or some random bullshit...who knows.
Came here just to see the downvote reaction.
Tilly is the best!! I love her!
So I stream it through the CBS app, is this what they're showing on regular TV? Like they're dropping that on regular TV time? 😑
Look at the clip. \n\nhttps://youtu.be/ljjkO5rZNcI
Wow...so many people here just for the sole purpose of hating this show...I read a great quote the other day and it's so true.  No one hate Star Trek more than Star Trek fans
Oh calm down.  The science in Star Trek has always been babble - just a pretext to explore social, political & philosophical questions.  The function of this f-bomb is just to illustrate a joyful, unabashedly nerdy enthusiasm for science & invention (even if the science & invention themselves are just filler).  It's adorable, and I think most people who've worked in a lab, etc., would agree that it rings true.
The Discovery jump drive is powered by Roddenberry rolling over in his grave at warp 11.
STD is fake star trek
Keep bitchin on star trek sheeple and we will have to wait another 12 years for the next show, god forbid the formula gets changed up slightly or they try anything different!
no, no, no, no, no this is STAR TREK not the freaking WALKING DEAD this show sucks and i relay hope it gets canceled before it dose any more damage this show is a waste of time and money even dare i say enterprise was beater.
R.I.P. Star Trek
*The F-bombs are at **1:31** ...*
omg yo she said fuck
What's wrong with it? Are you babies? It is just a word that everyone uses every fucking day. Why shouldn't it be used in Star Trek? Everyone today is so sensitized about everything. She is just a young cadet that slips a swearword that is like a most common swearword in the entire world. Oh, and remember when Bones was swearing around in TOS (Dammit, Jim! - Oh. no he said dammit- Lazy writing! Roddenberry is such a hack! Starfleet people should be better than that! Not my Trek! I'm gonna stick with the last shows. Oh. Wait...?
Nerds have a problem with change.
this show is a disgrace to the franchise  ! it just shows how bad the writing is that they have to curse ..
Badly written. Yet another wasted moment. THIS CRAP is NOT Star Trek.
Well, that was... awkward?
Lazy writing
How did you all feel when Data said Oh Shit when the Enterprise D went down?
Sorry this is terrible acting. And who are they talking to? Each other? Are they teaching an invisible class of science students? 
More like....Fucking Lame!!
And this is something I would have to pay extra for?  No thank you.
The first duty of every Starfleet officer is to the truth, whether it's scientific truth or historical truth or personal truth! It is the guiding principle on which Starfleet is based. And if you can't find it within yourself to stand up and tell the truth about what happened, you don't deserve to wear that fucking uniform!
So, in other words, they renamed Andromeda's (another Roddenberry concept) Slipstream and it's need for an organic pilot.
If Gene Roddenberry were alive to see this, he'd be turning in his grave.
that's so f**king not Star Trek. I think STD is awful.
Yup, complete millennial grew up on anime, swear after every word cause it makes them sound hip and edgy trash... A disgrace to Star Trek.
Man, I've watched star trek for years. Each series is a little different, and this one is a little more modern and edgy. People getting torqued into bloody messes, and people saying fuck... hell yeah, boldly go where Star Trek has never gone before, and gimme more!\n\nI, for one, am enjoying Star Trek Discovery.\n\nPlease note, that I am also thoroughly enjoying The Orville as well. It is more Trek-like in a conventional sense, and doesn't overdo it with the comedy like I was expecting.
Cock sucking Star Trek fans need to grow the fuck up.
How is this lazy writing, people?\n\nDo you know how unrealistic television shows and movies are when they have to abide by television and ratings. Do  you know how many shows have to subvert their language when in reality they'd most likely be saying Fuck a lot of the time. Kid-Friendly or rather Viewer-Friendly doesn't make something realistic. \n\nIf you've never heard someone say Fuck or any derivative of that word, you're living in some kind of fantasy world separate from reality. I was in high school I've heard students cussing out teachers for crying out loud. \n\nNot creative?......maybe but only if something like Frak from Battlestar Galactica or a replacement word is actually creative, or removing realism from television shows to abide by standards. There are so many shows where I have to roll my eyes sometimes, because its obvious the character WOULD swear but can't because....TV. It kind of gets ridiculous.\n\nI don't even want to get into argument about the ethics or morality of cussing so that's just my thoughts on it.
The whole series is plagiarism. They stole pretty much everything from an indie sci-fi game. Details here. http://anas-tronaut.blogspot.no/2017/10/star-trek-discovery-tardigrades.html
It's not just the swear word, although that was excruciating, it's also how boring the conversation was. I can't remember any of it and I only watched it 7 seconds ago. The actors come across like they are reading lines and not speaking naturally. Horrible.
I am sorry, but there is something seriously wrong with people who think saying fucking on TV in 2017 is even worth mentioning. It just means extremely. Get out of the 60s, you morons.
This show had a very slow start.  The characters did not interact well with each other.  Well I guess that shows the times we are in.  TNG in the 90's, everybody working together they knew each other well.  STD is all about lost values, making impulsive decisions, the all about me arrogance.  So now we got cursing on Star Trek because the storyline is weak.  Whats next?  Get the recording device as you watch and capture your partner bleeding out after a Klingon attack!  I can see them now sharing those gruesome holographic images.  The new Iphones of Star Trek.
As a long time Star Trek fan, I can't believe that CBS is actually airing this garbage...even if it is only online.
Well and its time this show fucking has a warp core breach and blows up and goes off the air permanently!\n\nGene Roddenberry is rolling around in his grave. \nRIP STAR TREK
I feel sorry for Gene Roddenberry.
It's fitting I think a lot of Star Trek Fans said Fuck when seeing this abomination calling itself Trek. Star Trek's first STD in all its glory.
this isn't Shakespeare ffs, get over it
Ugliest, most unprofessional and inept crew in Trek history.
In Star Trek, pregnant women wouldn't have to go through labor to give birth.  The baby could just be beamed out.
horizontal gene transfer, vertical gene transfer, diagonal gene transfer, its the science of the future guys. pew pew
What's next, full frontal nudity orgy scenes complete with throbbing erections on the holodeck? They did it with Westworld already, so it'll probably happen here.  Star Trek is going to lose a lot of fans over this.
Yeah...is that supposed to impress? Because it doesn't. Come back when you know how to write an interesting scene without relying on swearing.
It kinda pushed the show into self-parody territory. Like it's trying to 1-up Orville.
What the fuck??
As if Big Red the feminist tragic,...the cross-eyed gay moron and the Bull Dyke Vulcan without logic\nwould be accepted in Starfleet,....pfft.
One of the plus sides of going on to a streaming service vs. regular TV: no censors.
'muricans being stuck up, as usual. Reading the comments here is ridiculous to me, living in Europe.
Nice try, but I'm still not watching this SJW propaganda.
...Remember 'Star Trek: Nemesis'? Remember the Donna Troi rape scene?\n\n\nYeah. This is just like that.
And hey look at all the fucking Trekker whiners! I love it. Give these little bitches an excuse to bitch but they are perfectly cool when Data says shit. XD The hypocrisy.
‘horse... j-hope look in the mirror’\n\nJUNGKOOK YOU LIL SHIT
Taehyung warmed my heart at the end, he knew exactly what he wanted and was really excited about it. I admire his ambition. He's so cute 💗
Jhope is such an interesting person taehyung as well.
oh wow.. taehyungs idea was actually really good and creative
V is a genius! He truly has unique ideas 😍
I'm SO EXCITED FOR THIS TO LAUNCH😆
:O There are ENGLISH SUBTITLES. THANK YOU BIGHIT, THANK YOU.
4:54\nThis girl besides v is having the best day of her life
im crying and dying at the same time because of taehyung cuteness omg
Lolollolllool I feel like the designer is judging V
thank you for having english subs ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ BT21 FIGHTING ! BTS FIGHTING ! LINE FRIENDS FIGHTING !
i can’t imagine tata having long slender body like a worm or snake 😆
Alpaca? Im youngmin😂😂 and the cartoon is so cuteeeee
“there’s a camera here don’t make me swear”
2:48 RM was like leave our son alone.
As an aspiring artist this makes me so happy, idk why!!!! 😁😁😁\n\n\n\n\nKekeke, I have those prismacolors huehuehue~
V has such a creative idea
JIN IS SO SASSY. 😂
theyre so cute
This makes me want to draw my own character 😂😂 Jin is so furious tho hhahha
Ofc Kookie is good at drawing. This boy is made of gold.
They are so funny omg I always laugh a lot when I see them 😍😻
Yoongi looks so fucking fine in this video.\n\nWhen you have no idea what they are saying because you can’t look away from their faces to read subtitles... that’s my BTS life
Tae is ridiculous,even the designer cant help to laugh lol 😂 the one with jin is really nice, he's been very encouraging
So cute, I don't know what else to say.
Taehyung really has an artist's/designer's soul HAHAH those drawings and the way he thinks, he already had a collection!! It's so good to see them do all these things in different fields.
i think jin reminds me more of a doe than an alpaca... a beautiful doe
lets be honest, if there's BTS, ARMYs will buy it, love it, worship it. that simple
Taehyung seems so serious with his idea😂
They're the trully ARTIST <3
Tae being serious is my aestethic. And sorry to mention this, Tae's long finger while drawing is a porn to me. I'm sorry to say this. Ok bye
Alpacas are hot these days right? \n\nSure jin, sure.
MaknaexMaknae we're coming for my baby Hobi xD they need to lay off xD lol when he thought of the heart shaped mouth! I felt so proud for him xD that's a good idea! \nLololol Yoongi had me GONE when all he could think about was cute xD what a guy xD same with Joon! They are masters of marketing strategically! Lol as expected of the genius' 💕
I can't breathe because of all this cuteness!
they are all so good at this!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU FOR THE ENGLISH SUBS \n\nHALLELUJAH
taehyungs voice is so sweet n soft wow
Hahaha❤️ I love seeing them do this❤️ I do this type of stuff in my free time ❤️ I love to draw ❤️
I hope they show Suga and Jimin more in the next episode! I wanna see what they're doing too!
When you have the same face mask as Namjoon 😏😂 Also V's and Jhope's masks are adorable!! 😆
Jin has no chill in this video😂😂😂
Before video: *sighs* there’s no subs but still gonna watch it\n\nStarts vid: 😱omg there’s subs😭yesssss this rarely happens
I think Tae's idea is perfect)
V's idea is awesome! You could even add any existing character to his head LOL!
HOW\n\nON EARTH\n\nARE THEY ABLE TO DRAW SO NEATLY FIRST TIME AND SO WELL\n\nAS AN ARTIST I WISH I COULD SO THIS LMAO CRI
Guys, is there going to be an EPISODE 2?!
4:57 - I think we all know why the girl laughs like that
So basically this was done before September came
*YESSS WERE ACTUALLY TREANDING #26 IN THE UK*
Somehow I think v can work in something like a creative management coz his idea is always out of the box but really work!
This video is so cute i cant stop smiling
i love them and their drawings :(
Is Taehyung wearing a...Gucci...tie...?\n\nwell, this isn't a surprise really.\n\nTaehyung and his Gucci...
OK SO THIS IS ALSO TRENDING 😏😏\n**POWER OF BANGTAN**\n🔥🔥🔥
jin so friendly with the designer...
Hobi's character is so cute! but then it has a sad backstory ;-;-;-;-;-;-;-;
Wait Suga's a cookie... I guess when we call him a snack, they thought we weren't joking
Jungkook: Horse? Look at the mirror and draw yourself.\nJ-Hope: There's cameras here so don't make me swear. \n....\n....\nMe: Wait... J-HOPE SWEARS? WOAHHHH. :0
Kookie is my bias and I know it's all just for fun...but I still feel bad when they poke fun at Hoseok about the horse stuff. I'm pretty sure it isn't his favorite joke. Idk he's a good sport <3 but still
This reminds me of an American reality TV show😂😂
i know this was way before they appeared on Knowing Brother (based on their hair colour lol) but i really want my fellow Armys to stop calling hoba : horse etc , because when they were on knowing brother he said he wants to get a new nickname since he hated being called horse !!!
I love this!!! They're so cute ‹3
wait but wHere the hell is yoonmin? 😂
Jungkook we all like you but what you did to hobi is SERIOUSLY MEAN Dont do that !!!!
This is just so cute. I’m soft.
Did Suga just disappear when everyone else started to draw??
First of all, THE ENGLISH SUBS! Strong power thank you <3
They're so mean to J-hope, you can tell it hurts his feelings...
TAEHYUNG HIMSELF LOOKS LIKE AN ART PIECE!!
All of these characters ate adorable but I love Mang the most
Jhope really drive me crazy lol but i still love him so much
Tae is such a genius, seriously. I love how he thinks out of the box.
I loved it how Hoseok looked like he was going to start swinging when Jungkook called him a horse shgfhdgf and Tae was extra cute with his baby chick face mask under his chin in this vid. Also 4:47 sounded like 'mamamoo' which I'm all for if I didn't perhaps mishear it 👀👀👀
if you listen to each of the characters ouo it describes them ouo \n\nalpha is jin oppa\n\nhorse is jhope oppa\n\nheart is v\n\nkoaloa us rapmon and he was drawing other emojis
SUBBED! IT'S SUBBEDDD
Tata hahaha😂😂
They're too creative I stg
WHY. IS. KOOKIE. SO. SHADEY.
AWWW MY HEART!!!!!!!!\nSeeing them concentrate and draw such cute things MELTS MEEEEE
5 minutes of BULLYING J-HOPE.
ITS SO CUTE 😭😭😭😂😂😂💕💕💕💕
yeshh its sooo cute but....wheres suga and jimins drawing????
NVM
0:04 aka mine
My heartu
I adore Hobis horse!! 😍 😙 I want one!
aww they are so cute 💕
Namjoon is too cute arghhh
1:44 aww Tae sound like a baby
aAh
where is chim chim :(
oh my god this is so freaking adorable. omg. so cute.
the shade between hoseok and jin lmfao im cacmklin g
Lol #19 on trending in UK! 😳😍
my heart.
woah this is 27 on trending here
Ils dessinent trop bien \nC'est trop cute
Que linda forma de taparle las caras a las personas 😂😱
vieron que namjoon dibujo un cuervo ((baepsae)) tae tan bello y la tipa riendose que te pego en la cara estupida😷
아니 진이 왜 홉이한테 괜히 버럭일까요? 그리고 정국이는 형한테 표현하는게 좀 쎄네요. 방탄팬인데 저런거 보면 정이 좀 떨어지려고 하네요.. 정국이는 옛날부터 형들한테 말하는게 수위가 좀 쎄게 느껴졌는데 좀 고쳤으면 하네요.
This comments section gives me some needed hope for humanity.
* palm * You don't have to like Radiohead, but to deny their musical talent is just foolish.
I bet she thought she sounded very intelligent.
I can't face the evening straight.....This comments section offers me ESCAPEeeee
Oh Fox News, thanks for the laughs
Yeah..... She belongs in fox news
Well, jokes on you, I love Radiohead and I'm fat
Fox Mocks all the good acts, even Kendrick Lamar suffered the same.
The annoying thing about any music that doesn't perfectly fit the mold of what popular music has been for the past century is that it always gets dismissed by dumbasses with faulty logic\nRadiohead: moaning sounds over ring tones\nMetal: guy gargling over a lot of noise\nPunk: mediocre guitar players and a guy yelling into a mic\nRap: they're just talking and cursing a lot\nUgh like shut up already
'No Surprises' here coming from such a nitwit.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Radiohead. The music is extremely complex, and without a solid grasp of poetic analysis most of the lyrics will go over a typical viewer’s (radio)head. There’s also Thom Yorke's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterization- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Chomsky, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of their music, to realize that they’re not just sad- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Radiohead truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in Down Is The New Up lyrics which itself is a cryptic reference to George Orwell's 1984. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Jonny Greenwood's genius wit unfolds itself in their ears. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂\n\n\nAnd yes, by the way, I DO have a Radiohead tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they’re within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
0:26
What a stupid fucking cunt
0:25-0:30 Did She Describe Radiohead Or Twenty One Pilots?
no wonder people hate americans
The Greg Gutfeld Show is where pseudo-comedians, and jesters go to perform, but not be seen.
What was that last verse in Exit Music (for a film)?
At least she said they were elaborate at moaning and whining...that's enough for me. Even she can't escape the subconscious level Radiohead-music sneeks in to anyone's mind after a while..HA! Busted!
Fox News aside being a beehive of racists they're idiots and are a prime example of GOP being a mental disorder and they act bias, attack bands, gun control, Jim Carrey etc.\nNews should be called NEWS not a fucking predatory channel.\nNews should not be biased.\nAnchors should be fired if they attack anyone.\n\nbesides fuck news looks out of shape, malnourished, hickish and dumb.\nAll they can do is blame their problems on others.
With her opinion which is of no consequence at all
Everything in its right place. An attention seeking blonde woman on Fox News and Radiohead (hopefully) in the hall of fame
Give up the host.
I bet she listens to bands like Mumford & Sons and Imagine Dragons or any other intolerably bland music.
Fox is such a uneducated filth
I don’t know what’s pathetic, here take on Radiohead or her having to lie about liking them just to be with other men. Seems like she hates herself.
She might be wrong.
Bet she thinks amy Schumer is a real comedian, dumb bitch.
Stupidity is strong with this CUNT
As I heard once : \nI've never hit a woman, but I surely can hit a bitch. And if a women is too much insolent, she become a bitch.
She probably only know like 3 of their songs, that's one of the bands that's really help the progression in many different king of style in the music industries! how can you did not recognize the group is talented to create this types of music... Your opinion value nothings to me!
I want her to disappear completely.
why does this have so many dislikes wtf
reminds me of that whore who just found glasses meme
I don't mind if she doesn't like Radiohead, but I hate how she generalizes Radiohead fans and mocks them. I love their songs and I'm healthy both physically and emotionally. (Actually I find her comment a bit hilarious at the same time,though. Sorry for my bad English. I'm not a native speaker.)
She basically just slagged off a great band while simultaneously confirming she's a slag.
One day he'll get to you\nAnd teach you how to be a holy cow
“I will eat you alive” -Radyhed
Oh boy, I was trying so hard to respect wamen but, shit mate, I can't
It speaks poorly of her to have to pretend to like something to get the attention of someone.
Ha! I'm sure those guys listened to Radiohead, in part, to lament having to have spent time with you. Attractive, intelligent, yet without a clue.
Clearly her music knowledge or musicality are simple, too simple actually. Clearly, i bet that Classical Music not even her choice at all. Simple minded human who dont appreciate music progression will talk like this.. cant blame her... her comment doesnt affect Radiohead at all. Plus Radiohead Album Ok Computer has been archived anyway. So..... meh!! Move on... Next!!??
When Democrats took power they tried to wrap all of their dreams and desires into one big package, that's Obamacare.\n\nBoth party's in Congress have tried to Usurp power and has been by writing Ex Post Facto Law into our society by taking a good Bill with good intentions, and attaching trash to it! \n\nThey look for a bill they know will pass, then they write an amendment that will counter some other legislation that is already law! \n\nIn doing so the new laws, contradict the old laws, and no longer have any legal teeth! \n\nSo, when we the people who live under these laws stand up and say something about it, all we can do is Gum them death! \n\nThis is why our Founding Father's wrote in the Constitution, that no law that contradict the first 10 laws are allowed! Those laws are UNCONSTITUTIONAL, EX POST FACTO & ALL LAWS WRITTEN THAT ARE NOT INLINE WITH THE TRUE AND ABSOLUTE MEANING OF OUR US CONSTITUTION, ARE NULL & VOID.\n\nUnfortunately, the Patriot Act, the NDAA and now the soon be Liberty Act, and ObamsCare, are all Ex Post Facto Law's! \n\nThat's why none of these Congressmen & Senator's have any reason to retain there seat's! \n\nOther than the newest members and a hand full of dedicated people like Rand Paul should be in Congress!\n\nWe are coming after you, https://youtu.be/dSdeMdo_mic\n\nLV money trail, https://youtu.be/tVDVsw6xEpc\n\nHillary's America, https://youtu.be/L0eH-lSNUaY\n\nGirl named Hillary Sue's parents for naming her, https://youtu.be/_aWXnNJTzWE\n\nBiggest Conspiracy in US History! https://youtu.be/9_I3IHgJT-M\n\nThe real Russian plot, https://youtu.be/CpQDk8vb2uk\n\nD.O.J Bribed Russia, https://youtu.be/3EFXSHhonq8\n\nLot's of criminal activity in FBI, https://youtu.be/dobKjYM9DRI
how to get views, right?
Nobody should this seriously, just in itself it's idiotic...she's just making noise. Sure she has an opinion and that's fine but to say they aren't talented to just idiotic...well I mean it is fox news, I feel like she thinks like she's gonna stir the hearts of people with this 😂
She associates Radiohead with all the wack dick shes gotten over the years. Thats why she doesnt like it.
I like the gg sign, it shows you cant argue with a stupid bitch like her
I'm sure her collection of 12 cd's is impeccable and in no way contains a single Adele album.  Because only talented musicians make clean and technically proficient yet re-hased music.  Stop chasing basic indie replicas in stripped shirts.
She pretend to mocks Radiohead but she is only making a fool of herself. This only shows how ignorant she is about music.
This is what happens when you put people who are not professionals in a context that require profession. or a certain level of expertise...which this girl clearly is lacking.
If that opinium was from a music critic i would accept it, even tho i disagree with it, but i would have understood it.\nThis person should stick to talking about the teletubies or something like that, suits her more.
Fck her i don't know her fck her go to hell
We make sad and depressed songs too ! Come check it out if you are a whiney Radiohead Fan !! =D
As if I needed even more reasons to hate this excuse of a 'news' channel.
I see Katherine is a fellow patrician. The plebs fear the patrician.
So this is just Punchup at a Wedding but on tv then?
don't attempt to construct a full opinion and present it to tv if all you listened to is one track from kid a
and she looks like a trashy pornstar ，who listen to Radiohead only for that D
First of all.. SHE'S RIGHT. Second, she's doing a bit. If you can't tell she's doing a bit, then you're a faggot. I like this chick and I have no clue who she is. She's like a female Gavin Mcinnes; saying outrageous & outlandish things for a reaction, but are based in fact. I don't think one thing she said came off insulting to Radiohead. And yes, Radiohead fans are generally pretentious hipsters who CAN'T WAIT to tell you about how much knowledge they possess regarding music and veganism. And why are you guilty white guys so Anti-Hot blonde, on Fox News? I'm a fan of Radiohead and have seen them live, so don't assume I'm some Top 40 radio hits listenin' yuppie.
It's not fame and power, it's being shallow and having bad taste.
I agree the only good thing about Radiohead is their music
seems she's bitter about some sad sod who saw through her facade and realized I'm better off alone sad and malnourished than share my wasted sperm on this waste of sperm.
Had to toss in some thinly-veiled homophobia at the end for good measure, of course.
Nobody should take this seriously. Fox News is a joke
I bet 100 bucks that she likes Justin Bieber
I am strange, malnourished and sad! Call me xx, cellphone number is the 5
That's just, like, your opinion.
i will eat you alive and there'll be no more lies
0:26 sums up this entire video
Wow she has an opinion. Good for here because I can't stand that type of self serving attitude. Sometimes things aren't about you! I'd be curious what she listens to, probably nothing, all she thinks about is dick.
Yo soy gordo y feliz y tengo una bella familia y me encanta radiohead desde que tengo 15 años es una de mis bandas preferidas y no por eso ando depresivo y vomitando mi neurosis al mundo al contrario ..asi que tapate la boca antes de hablar gringa facha
Radiohead fans are all fat...uhgly...dedd....
The flan un the face
I absolutely love ignorant fucks like that dumb slit.  BURN THE WHHHHHHITCH
burn this whore
Best reaction ever 0:26
Radiohead will eat you alive
Kicking squealing Gucci little piggy
*FUCKING NORMIES, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!*
Poor poor girl...as superficial as synthetic... Burn the wich!
We have crashed her panties*....
F#ck Fox News
That chick's got myxomatosis...
It's True!
Mujer idiota
She probably listens to Adele smh
Tyrus about to impale this anorexic slut
shiiiiiieeeeeet
She buzzes like a detuned radio.
burn the bitch
Burn the bitch
wtf i love radiohead now
Ok.
Típica rubia imbécil con cerebro de maní que no tiene idea alguna de música...Te apuesto que si le pones a Maluma, la muy tonta se derrite de inmediato.
On one hand,  I think she's joking.\n\n\nOn the other, I say we make her listen to The King of Limbs to really really REALLY confuse her.
Hey man, she's got a point. If the past 50+ years have proven anything, it's that the best songwriters, even artists in general, are overwhelmingly conservative & right-leaning. We all know this.
radiohead arent famous... they are talented !!!
La cara del gorila que esta al lado!!! .. que mierda esta hablando esta mierda rubia!!
Can somebody shoot that cunt please?...
456 obese radiohead fans disliked this.
lol she described it perfectly!
Please like and subscribe if you enjoyed the video! Thanks for all of the feedback!
I don't know why this is trending, but I like it.
How is this trending? I need your secrets xd
Don’t get me wrong, great clip, but why is it trending with just 30k views.
Poor monkey. \nThx Kotaku. Best clip in that episode.
yaaaay a gaming video on trending. never thought id se the day!
The monkey reeeeeeeee
Continue the journey!
He sounded like one of my brothers 🙈
Funny thing is, this is trending. He has 23 subs, and adsense not enabled (as before it was trending he had less than 10,000 views on his channel)..... Not sure how or why it's trending, but well done.
WHY THE FUCK IS THIS TRENDING!!!!!
Someone should start a fundraiser to keeping monkeys out of pubg slavery
Sounds like the monkey with the rage virus from 28 Days Later
LOL thanks for making my afternoon, some funny shit
How is this trending? One single funny moment. You're weird youtube. I have whole genuinely funny, random and great moment highlight compilations that some have really enjoyed but still low views :(
Rise with views my friend.
Congratulations and this video is #26 on trending. It is nice to see a small YouTube channel in amongst the 'big channels'. *YouTube please note that small channels need their own trending section of YouTube!* Thanks.
in the real world people die
you put the child out of it's misery. good work
Why is this #19 on trending in the UK?
I fucking love this video 😂😂😂
Me every god damn time
Why is this game so popular? Don't get me wrong, I'm not hating, I've never even played it. But it seems like there's already a ton of games like this already, but this one is so popular. Why?
Why does he sound like an ape screaming?
America after 4 years of trump.
Youtube is Fucked, Why the Fuck is this Trending?
ROFL, i dont mind this trading, its worth it
why u got to do me like that :(
The silence after death is so satisfying.
A good video on trending that is rare these days
Lol omg. Had me dying. How is this on trending?
This is the type of stuff I would rather have on the trending page. 👍
You only got attention from paying YouTube to put this on trending
Lol xD if that ever happened to me I will do the same thing xD
That's what YouTube is for
Why is this shit trending? He killed one unarmed guy and it wasn’t a good kill either.
I'm crying. I'm so glad i live in this generation.
sounds like one of those Brazilian kids that try to communicate with the server even though they can hear we speak a totally different language.
Why is this shit Trending? Fuck off.
How is this on trending!!! My videos are dank.
War for the planet of the Apes.
How is this on trending?
Why do they sound like a chimp
Why is this number 27 on trending in Australia?
this is a good video
There is no mercy to be had in this cruel world of gaming!!!
This was my favourite scene in War for the planet of the apes
literally sounded like someone was ripping your balls off.
Reminds me the dude running away screaming in rust legacy
The little monster has been eliminated,sir.
this is the shit that should be on trending, not fucking soccer highlights or SNL or vevo
...
😂😂😂
This is too funny omggg 😂😂
lol this kid
This shit never happens 2 me lol
rip harambe
your on trending
Ban
r.i.p headphone users
????? Why YouTube is this trending?????
why is this trending?
why is this trending\n(Watches video) \n*HAHAHAHAH*
Yeeaaahhh...this is about right
Harambe...?
“Add to playlist”\n“Favorites”
😅😂😂😂😂😂😂
19 subs. 30k ppl don't give a f
Hahaha
TriHard 7
*sounds like a chimpanzee*
Fukin ask Kotaku why its on trending
Brexit incoming!
TRENDING WTF !!!
Hahahahahahaah
Stupid monki
Chimps are evolving.
WHY IS THIS TREANDING
Why is this trending?
AYYAAYAYAYAAHYAHAHGWAGDHWHADBWHEAGDWADHAWD WAdejbA IM DYING LAUGHINHgggg
Classic youtube video right here
10/10
18 on trending
This is art
Incredible
is this postal 2
Your are #18 On trending in the UK!
And yet after this video getting 24k+ he only has 1 subscriber
That's me \n\n\n\n\nThe one screaming and running
What game is this??
When you pay to be on trending......
There's bitches in this game! I'm definitely not playing it. Cancelling my xbox x order as we speak. Fucking cunts
How is this even possible? Did you rig googles search engine
sub to me ill sub back with 5 bots
Tell me that's a girl
That 10 yr old sounded like a bastard monkey screaming
Why is this in trending?
I'm fucking crying this is the best PUBG clip I've ever seen
To be honest I would have spared him xD
Why is this #17 trending 😂
Great performance from Alexandra. I wish she’d return to music . I miss her amazing voice and music.
“All my ladies you can do it. You can do it even better in broken heels” LOVE ALEXANDRA!!!!
She can sing, she can dance, she's pretty, and she's unproblematic. Absolute travesty that she's not selling out stadiums all over the world
I love Alexandra .. 😘
For some random reason, each year there's a 'jive of the year' in week 3 or 4\n\n2015: Jay McGuiness\n2016: Ore Oduba\n2017: Alexandra Burke\n\nAnd each year, they've won, hoping that she's gonna win too 😜😜
 Whatsapp us
LOL at all the jealous people disliking the video. I know the 'jealousy' card is overused but it's obvious in this case.
No offence to Alexandra- she’s amazing, but I can’t help staring at Gorka. That man is beautiful....
👍👍👍👍👍
What a duo in dancing....super amazing....
Absolutely love this dance so energetic and makes u want to dance
TOP !
This is everything 😚
As a huge Tina Turner fan, she definitely did her proud!! Amazing!!
Best dance so far by a mile, no slips. She's joined the group of great jives up with Scott, Jill, Austin, Jay and Ore. 10.
THEY LOOK FAB! I'll be so upset if they don't win they are clearly the best
My winner by far 😆😆💛💛💛
Brilliant 😁😁😁😁
9
Pure class.Looks like 2 professional dancers.
ALEX BURKE!! YESS!!
hi
#1 on trend!
I love Strictly
Ohhhh dear me
https://youtu.be/ebeoacmAhXc ur welcome
1010101010!
She was great.
OMG
Good afternoon
By ccr not tina turner
Diva!!
Alex and gork, absolutely amazing, Sue 💞 🎶
MY GIRL ON TRENDING
Amazing !
1 on trending congratulations guys!!!
U
Just WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She’s on speed clearly
She was tina here ..
what is dis
best evil dance ever seen... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo22Al8H7GU
Come on Tina , give her a call!
Thanks to the band and singers for keeping it tight...
Hey guys, I've been making YouTube videos for a while now and I'm really trying to reach 200 subs, I would really appreciate it if you subbed ❤️
I takes a lot for me to take my eyes off Gorka and she certainly did! Absolutely phenomenal dance, especially this early in the competition!
PRO ENTERTAINER BEING GOOD AT SOMETHING WELL WE NEVER SAW THAT COMING DID WE
That was awesome.  \nI might start watching this show now.
Her husband disliked the video 127 times
She’s an amazing dancer. But to pretend this is a 10 is misleading. She clearly has sickle feet. Aston (as much as I’m not a fan of his dancing, forcing as much hip hop moves in to the dance as possible), got railroaded for having pigeon toes. Not fair this was given a ten. But her energy was awesome and she is clearly the strongest dancer. Still a winner.
OMG I remember watching Alexandra win the X factor years ago when I was a kid! It's great to see her more!
Bloody hell, that performance  was fire. I might just watch the series.
Do a good deed today and click the link to my video to help me reach 10,000 views. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO8EnOeMrRI
Song is by creedence clearwater revival...tina only covered it
John Fogerty was such a great songwriter.
Ok this is the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen
She's so fast you can't even put a STOP Sign in front of her
Damn girl she's🔥👏💞 on fire
I think you will find that is proud Mary by Creedence Clearwater Revival.
Woah! What A Dance! Enthusiasm Truly Seen! For Dancing A Song From The 2015 Group Dance Finale, And SHOCKING ME In The Start, I Give A Big 10!!!
Whoo who!!, That was fabulous!, I think I’m in love with this couple 👍 awesome job Alexander and Gorka
I can't believe they got 39 on week four
still living for this!!!!!!
B O N E L E S S T R E N D I N G
My jaw dropped when I saw this on TV !!! SHES SO GOD DAM GOOD
1like = your person of choice will win\nSubscribe=you’ll be on strictly
I'm not an Alexandra fan at all, but OMG can that girl dance. That was sensational, and the body on her. Absolutely fantastic
reminds e of Alesha and also Nathalie gummede    and all the fuss because shes ccouldnt t do her jive  to this song and she was the favourite at the time
Alexandra deserves to win this series! That's only if people stop voting for Ken & Barby!
My Grandma is obssessed with strictly come dancing
Dont watch this video .... \nI repeat its a trap. Dont watch this video\nhttps://youtu.be/W7GY8HPG-pc
*retrieves jaw from the ground*
This is a great performance from Alexandra.
She is a star 🌟 she is bringing soul back to life! Love her! ♥️🤗 I hope she wins! 👍😎
Alexandra's mother would be so so proud of her...she looks amazing up there....
Hope she wins the show!
Addictive, can't stop watching it, that was superb. 👏🏽scd I agree routine was hot.
Go girl, you are killing it 💖💟
Look at the two of them go!
Trying to reach 20k views I’m on 17k please help,me get views by watching my videos please 😆😆
Riccardo Cocchi & Yulia Zagoruychenko  are the best!!!   Incomparable \n  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RZ2g8Kw198
One question, why did the BBC cut Alexandra hair in the thumbnail?🤔🤔🤔
Cutest elephant ever!
I black who can Dance so what? \nWould anyone be surprised if a white invented flights to the sun?
why does she have different hair in the thumbnail?
Hi, i am a new fifa 18 youtube gamer, fifa 18 and i'm trying to grow my youtube channel SUBSCRIBE! MY BIRTHDAY CAN I GET SOME SUBS PLEASE
Definitely a great performance from Alex and partner but I hope Craig was on his feet in disgust about them not sticking to the '10 second rule'!!!
Na the ex jls will be this years winner there just playingit down so he dont get top points every wk or there put him 2nd cors every one end up clocking what there up two in being winner all ready before end it all soz but no 3 tens for that i dont think so come on now
🐰If you subscribe to me and i will  subscribe back 🐰plz 🐰
kalyeserye
She should do porn instead.
I don’t know why this got tens. She was so technique wise shit.
This was an ok performance but not worth the 10s given. Picking a winner at week four is both biased and a little premature.
Her singing career didn't work out so she's doing this ahahah #fail
Check out my page 20 years in maximum security prison
Can you sub me I need to get to 325 subscribers before my birthday 28th October it’s all I would like for my birthday! Besides giving my family more love for the next chapter of my life 💗💗💗
shes a trained dancer though!!! it'd be like David Beckham playing in a celebrity football match¬!!!\n\nthe fake tears every week dont help either!
Trouble is she ain't no amateur. West end show, coached by Craig, cheater!
Oh dear oh dear, choreographed by Craig Revile Horwood in Sister Act and you say she's not a professional?? Shame that the comments have been removed from here regarding this.
Brilliant energy, but the slide between Gorkas legs wasn't as smooth as it could have been and where were kicks and flicks ?  Also why no comment on pincy toes that seems a big deal with certain celebs?  Great dance but not a 10
I CAN'T BREATHE I LOVE AMBER SO MUCH
I'm gay for her damn i love girl with tattoos (amber)
Amber you are such a strong and amazing person. This is great 😂
omg amber you are so funny same goes to your friend😂😂😂im serious 😂😂i cant breathh i love you
I'm in love with Bryce, damn
We all have boobs down here\n\n*me*  I'M GOING!
I kind of wanna know what numbers 3 through 86 were...
Amber #dgaf. F@ck the haters, they only wish they were you. Btw is this east coast or northwest?
WTF ending... I don't even...
I need to find my butt too lol  love you amber!! Have a great weekend
is fx ever gonna come back tho?????????????????????????????????????????
Oh NOW I know why everyone has been avoiding me. Because I have tattoos hmmm 🤔\n\nOkay but for real. I wanna be friends with amber. How do I accomplish that? I need answers!
I will stan you forever amber.The just ignore the naive and jealous words from others. They are want to be a cute and handsome woman with a lot of success but they can't. Just don't care the group of stupid people.
You go girl !!! \nJust in case you'll get lonely - we can hang out  ... I'm also tattooed girl, apparently I'll get lonely soon ... :-/ :D
IT had me shook at the end 😂
I think I just fell in love with Bryce...
I have still not found my own chest, but I am glad that I was able to be with you on this journey of finding your boobs.
I love you but you being a YouTuber makes me cringe
We always love u
You are the best for me
Lets go to find your butt\nIm crying😂😂💞💞
AMBER I WANNA BE YOUR FRIEND TOOO
Omg this made my day so funny!!!!! Love you so much Amber ❤️❤️❤️
Amber your are the best....your my fav... of girls groups jajaja hugs...\nI love the way you take the critics that is tje best way...
love u amber i wanna see you on tv or concerts,.. i miss you i want to be like you. you have great thoughts💜💜 i really miss u!!
So I just found this video and decided to watch it. I regret absolutely nothing. You are hilarious. The amount of sarcasm in this video is amazing.😂
I love her songs,voice and the way she is.
that's why i fuckin' luv u bae.
I love that amber takes all these terrible comments into the funniest things in the world🤣❤
Q: what is amber even good at? A: she’s good at shutting up all the haters out there with her sarcastic yet fun to watch vlog.
IM so GLAD u continue ur legend UGDGDJJ ur so amazing and funnyyy
Super cool girl!!! 1 day has 24 hours and the the world has 7 million people. Spend your precious time with nice people!!! Love you
Sorry Amber, I was hater but From Now on, Kind of like you now
Response for love comments too 😘😘
I'M CRYINGNGNFJFJFH THIS IS GREAT
She is so hot like omg!
This was hilarious!!! #LoveYourself is the best advice, because it makes all of the negative crap completely obsolete. *<3*
this is somehow one of my fav. videos 😂😂
I FEEL TRUE LOVE THIS VIDEO LOL\nSO LOVE IT
Oh My God,Amber! You're the best crap you know.I love you sooooo much and seeing you doing this it's just hilarious girl! I can't stop laughing even now.\nYou're so beautiful,talented,funny and and and just perfect.\nAgain, I love U with all my chest and heart 😂😂😍😍😙😙💜💜💜💜
Shit. So suddenly I love Amber.
This is why I love you 😂❤❤❤
omg this made my day I am so happy that I watched this \nit was amazing ❤
This is cute. I do miss you amber, thou so I am glad you are making videos.
can i be ur friend ily
AMBER I LOVE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH
We all have boobs down here Amber😂👌
Oh my God,how are you so cute and funny,I love you really.
Amber we love you the way you are....those haters that you're responding to are nothing compared to our love for you!
I wish I could like this a gazillon times. This was the funniest thing ever. The ending has me crying. \n🖕🏽 to all the Amber haters. They are 💩kids. \nAmber, you are perfect the way you are. We wouldn't want you any other way. Your personality, your difference to the world is what makes you perfection. 😘\nAmber's short hair  > Amber's long hair
THIS IS THE FUNNIEST THING EVER OMG U LOVE HER
3:14 NAME A BETTER STORY LINE THAN THIS
This is why I love amber 😂 she is freaking amazing . so happy she is making this videos . I'm so happy that I can see her ❤
Brilliant!! Amber you are the fucking best 💞💖
I just keep laugh all the video I just love amber \nall love from Jordan 🇯🇴🇯
Omgggggg amber i love you soooo much since the begining !
Amber... I love you.
Btw just asking but how many tries did it take you to get the bottle flip heheh 😂❤️
I'm laughing so hard 🤣🤣🤣 you don't have to find it, every girl have it even boy's in this modern era have it 🤣
And up to this day I am still surprised how my gayness for Amber continues to grow and grow...I can't do anything about it, it just won't stop (even though she has tattoos and I should avoid her) - I mean pure art like this doesn't really help... =D
I love you Amber 😂❤❤❤ you're so funny and cool ❤❤❤❤❤
what is Amber even good at?\nShe's good at what you're not good at, bitches HAHAHHAHAHAHA\n*R O A S T E D*
Oh God I want to be friends with you. Ur cool
OMG you're the best\nI love you Amber <3
Gosh i love The Flash 😂😅❤️😬😎
OMG I LOVE YOU HAHAHAHA, please love me back.
Did you check under your shirt?\n*checks under shirt*\nNo they're definitely not there\nDammit \nI CANT BREATHE 😂😂😂😂
Loool! Love amber and she's rocking the star labs sweatshirt!
Can you help me to find my jawline?
STAN A QUEEN STAN AMBER LIU
😂😂😂😂ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
- São poucas coisas que eu entendo mas amo seus vídeos 😂❤
在台灣根本不會有這種問題
amber...i love you...
We love you Amber! <3 <3
really
wkkwkw ngakak ihh
lmfaooooo
I LOVE THIS SKSSKSKSKS
#getmanberout
I fucking love u Amber omfg
❤❤❤
love you ❤️
Haaahaa... This is hilarious...  Keep doing awesome stuff, amber
Jajaja 😂😁 i love  you Amber
Hahahahaahh I love you amber!
Loving the S.T.A.R. Laboratories sweater! \n#Arrowverse :D
I love her😩❤️
Hahahahaha OMG!!! XD They're beautiful 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I love you😘
Amber melhor pessoa ever 😂😂❤❤
I love you ❤️😘
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHHAHAHAHHAHHAAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAA OMGGG LOVE YA AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA CRINGGGGGGGG!!! AHAHAHAHAHAHA WELL CLOSE YOUR EYES THEN HAAAAAAAAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHA
AMBERS CHEST
I MISS YOUR CRAP
I LOVE YA AMBER
Good job Amber !!!!!!
Love this 👌🏽
Omg the boob question is the most annoying. Ya'll act like ya'll aren't in ya'll 20s and still can't find your own chest having to use double padded bras and going for breast implants. It's natural to have small boobs or large boobs, stop trying to make her pop hers out for ya'll. Ya'll aren't dating her, ya'll aren't her chest, so stop being being worried about where they are, and start trying to find where the hell ya'll chest bounced off to.
Amber I love you so much and you are gorgeous in every thing you do MeU love amber the llama the angle the Queen of rap #no body can stop you
The puppies really wanted those questions!
Omg the cutest thing I've ever seen!😍😍😍🐶🐕💗💖❤💕 Demi you're the best!👑
her laugh is so cute i can not
The Brown puppy at 3:31 😂😂😍
I love her laugh!
DEMI CONSTANTLY BEING DISTRACTED BY THOSE CUTE ASS PUPPIES WHILE TRYING TO ANSWER QUESTIONS WOULD BE ME AF
She’s cute but boring
How do I become that dog like right now
Imagine Ariana Grande doing this, she would lose her shit and she wouldn't be able to answer anything xd
Ariana grande next please and Demi’s laugh is so contagious 😂
I love this Queen💕💍👑
Which was her number one single?????
Demi is life! I love her so much! And her laugh is everything! ❤❤
I could just watch this video for hours and hours so precious❤️ ❤️❤️
I DON’T KNOW WHAT IS CUTER DEMI OR THE PUPPIES
I wanna see Twenty Øne Piløts do this. Now.
0:35 I THOUGHT SHE SAY NO TO THE QUESTION LOL
y'all can't do this to me...it's too much.
LOL I LOVE THIS!!!
pause and look at the dogs face at 1:39, you'll thank me later.
1:39 when you just wanted Netflix and snuggle
I like how for most of it she is able to answer the questions without distraction because the puppies are keeping themselves occupied.
I just can't stop loving her. Demi you are amazing!!! Thanks for everything. You don't know me but you have helped me so much ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I love her laugh!
she is adorable and her laugh can make flowers grow <3
I keep going back to 1:27 just to hear that laugh.
Pleaseeeeee get Ariana to do this
THIS WAS ON ,Y BIRTHDAY WHY THE HELL DIDNT I SEE THIS LOVE YOU HURRICANE DEMIII
I would love a demi Christmas album!
i feel like demi would be such a good mom
I luv how she laughs to the pups and how she live pups!! 😘😂👍🐶🐶
Demi: ..and I've grown up a lot professionally..\n*plays with puppies in an interview*\nI die!! XD
How do you find out if you have depression? If you have suicidal feelings it doesn't always mean depression
smoke and mirrors?? where is that song?
She is so sweet 😍😍
I died when she said no honey
lol 😂 I need a dog 🐶
her laugh is so contagious, I love seeing her smile
I want her to go back on x factor for a year!!
You're a boy! i just found that out.. hahahaha
Her laugh is so cute 😂😂
BRING THE CHRISTMAS ALBUM
im literally in love with her
Demi’s laugh is the best thing about this video!
i love how the dogs keep trying to steal the questions 😂😂😂
What is the song called at the beginning of the video?
ADORABLE I LOVE THE COMBINATION OF DOGS AND DEMI ITS SO CUTE
No shade cuz i like Demi but what number one single is speaking of? @2:55
Adorable queen with adorable puppies ☺️💜 and her laugh is the best 😂 please do this with Ariana 💖
Her laugh is seriously the best thing ive ever heard 1:27
Her laugh tho...I WANNA LISTEN TO IT AGAIN AND AGAIN
Seeing everbody commenting 'I NEED TO SEE ******** WITH PUPPIES' and me thinking we need shawn mendes on this show but then 2 secs later reality comes crashing down like the fourth wall bc HES ALLERGIC 😭😭😂
I have the deluxe i dont see the song smoke and mirror..does anyone else?
Make a video playing with puppies w| nick Jonas
Please do Norman Reedus plays with puppies and answers questions!
I've always loved Demi since I was a kid BUT DAMN THIS DEMI IS EVERYTHING I WANT TO ME
I LOVE DEMIS LAUGH😂
Omg yess queen make a Christmas album lol
SHE IS LOOKING BEAUTIFUL AS ALWAYS, DEMI SLAYS
I want this with 5sos3 is out :(
Most of the songs she mentions aren’t on the album
I love your tattoos you got on your arm.They look beautiful 😁
Demi Lovato what's your phone number please tell me
her laugh when the dogs peed is keeping me alive
I never loved that much an artist as I love Demi, since the very beginning 🖤. You're such an inspiration for my music. This girl 🖤🖤🖤
If I ever become a celeb or anything can I get both puppies and kittens? 😂💖
She’s the love of my life
PLEASE DO ONE WITH HARRY STYLES (but with kittens)
i love her so much
Demi and the puppies are so cute!!!
That laugh 😍 😍 😍 😍
HER LAUGH ♡♡♡♡
yee
queen
There's puppies... I dunno me haha
My queen!
Fifth Harmony next!!
I see Demi, I click. ❤️
her laugh is contagious
3:31 pause,, thank me later
SO CUTE OMG
DEMI ILVYYYYYYY
HER LAUGH <33333333333333333
Sheeee is sooo cute
Her laugh is sooooo cute
Her laugh though so hearty.
Luv u Demi #lo😍😍😍vatic
Omg I LOVE DEMI !!!!
Demi's laugh is sooooo cute 😂😍
Her laugh AH AH AH
demi is so beautiful!
puppiessssss <3
I want those puppies!!
she's everything 😣💓💓
Love you dimi you are # 1
I love her laugh lol
HARRY STYLES NEXT PLEASE! 😍
she’s so cute awww
hi oh dont pee on me lol
I NEED SELENA GOMEZ TO DO THIS ASAP!!!!
I’m getting weirdly emotional about how Taemin went from drinking milk in an MV to...this. T~T \n\nI guess this is what happens when you’ve stanned someone since they were a bowl-cut sporting fetus ;) lol \n\n#SHINee5ever
someone need to stop taemin\n*its bad for my health* ....
This is amazing
Go vote for Taemin for best dance solo performance for MAMA this man deserves it I don't see anyone else winning it tbh
I'm so memorized right now
He has the most feminine outfit on...\n\n\n\n\nI love it 😂
One word \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nr u d e .
Some people say they see a bit of Taemin in SF9's Taeyang and wow, I understand it now.
The sass is real with this one. \n\nespecially at 0:58 \n\nOh and don't forget the sassy leg kick at 3:00
Ok Taemin is really reminding me of that Actor from that Thai drama “Make It Right”. Ok I looked up his name and it’s “Udompanich Krittapak”.
My wig was snatched sO many times during this video. I cannot deal with him
Hopefully he doesn’t get sick after being in the rain
okay, this MV gave me such LADY GAGA feels :D
love it!!
カッコイイ
Mejor desnúdate 😍
Minecraft dispenser sound?
In 1:33 is kai 😂😂😂
I'm sexually confused..
OMMMOOO TAEMIN STAPPPPPHHHH STTARINGG AT MEH
Wow
oppa
TEMAZO
minecraft menu sounds LOL
beautiful
😍😍😍😍😍مااحلاه بحبك
TAEMIN ES HERMOSO 7u7❤
こめんとふえないなああ
Que hino 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
hi  everyone! i'm an exo-l and i just wanna ask can we team up with you guys and vote on MAMA cause i really like taemin's new solo and exo-l have been voting for taemin for the best solo artist. so i was thinking about maybe exo-l will vote taemin for the best solo artist and you guys can vote for exo for the best male group thanks!
No mamen lo amo ! Todo lo he ha sacado me fascina 💕
A numa \nAhora si me gusto mas su concepto, buena canción, combinan con los movimientos, el tono de voz... Y no se ese como algo que le pone Taemin a sus vídeos\nExcelente!
ok I honestly think we need a round of APPLAUSE to Taemin's STYLIST ~ like come on!!! we need an award for that person ~ how can Taemin look soooo seductive and sexy (hate using that word LOL don't know why but in this case it can't be helped) with so much clothing on ! STYLIST ! come out from hiding  ~~~~
wonder who choreographed the dance...indeed! i saw koharu, i think koharu loves to train teamin. \ntaemin’s emotion in every move   brings art.
His t-shirt take a small bite....\nMe: shall I?😉
Taemin is just an angel, a beautiful angel! WORK IT BOOIII!
MONBEBE here to stream. Thank you so much SHAWOL who helped us streaming Monsta X Beautiful M/V. Finally it surpassed 20M views. Love you guys.
I feel PERSONALLY victimized by how FIRE this song /video is! I am so proud of you Taemin! A TRUE star, and one we won't see again for MANY years!
Lmao some Micheal Jackson Shi I love it thou I really do
this beat is love so much✨✨
wHY am i always so late crying
Taemin is the first kpop artist I ever saw. He grabbed my attention easily when I watched my first Shinee MV, and he keeps my attention. This definitely has my attention. His smooth voice and move are phenomenal. Beautiful!
The way he sways his hips. That's my kind of porn. 😓
SOMEONE MAKE THIS A RINGTONE NOW!!!😍😍❤️
OK TAEMIN I SEE U . NICE CHANGE OF STYLE. LOVING ITTTTT.
not to be THAT person but taemin is the most beautiful person i’ve laid eyes on
his best song and concept yet
I love how he breaks gender barriers and his unique song taste
I bet Hoshi is losing his goddamn mind right now.
It's too beautiful
I feel like he's looking in my soul when he looks at the camera
I keep watching this, why is it sooooo GOOODDD??!!
🎀Keep streaming dear shawols❤ We can do it!!! #Taemin_MOVE  fighting!\n🎀Vote on  Mcountdown:http://mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/vote\n🎀MAMA Awards: http://m.mwave.me/en/mama/vote\n🎀SHOW CHAMPION
God i wish i can watch Taemin perform LIVE by myself if he come to my country. I'm sure it worth my money.
it's impossible to stop watch
Taemin has a sexy neck no joke for real he does
I WANT TO SCREAM BUT I CANT THIS IS SO GOOD O CANT BREATHERS
This needs more views. Not even for the numbers because He Knows™ and SM Knows™, but because people need to see this.
I really do think that his MV goodbye and this MV Move were inspired by FINAL FANTASY 7 !!!! \n\nTaemin take my votes for you ! 🙂💕
This makes me want to learn Korean like I never felt before.  I want to know what this sexy killer is mouthing 😍
That gold shirt just killed me, Taemin so hoooot🔥🔥🔥
It makes my cry seeing him all grown up compared to in 2009.
This is a whole other level
that moment when he looked exactly like kai boiiiii
is he become gay?
Perfect!
he never disappoints
Well my wig was snatched
ジェジュンに似てる気がする
taemin is god!
저태민병걸린듯
Beautiful Taemin  :')
OMGG TAEMIN
PURE ART
KOHARUUU
OMG! Esos movimientos 🔥😵 Taemin es muy lindo 😍
샤이니 태민 맞죠?
😍😘
TAEMAN IS HYPNOTIZING ME
태민 최고♡♡♡♡
Taemin!Taemin!Taemin!(*≧з≦)(*≧з≦)(*≧з≦)
talent + perfection = Taemin
Taemin beautiful !!!
좋아해
My heart......BEAUTIFUL
he hot
It is artistic ❤️Taemin ❤️❤️❤️
00:58 kill me
His gracious moves purifies my soul
💚 2,392,241 💚💚💚💚
ファイティン^ ^\n画質1080にしたっけめっちゃ綺麗💗←当たり前だけど^ ^
テミンの魅力がとても詰まっててまた、セクシーなダンスが素晴らしくいいです！！❤︎
짜증날 정도로 왜 이렇게 이쁘게 잘 추냐 하루에 한번 보게 하네
와진짜미쳤다... 의상이랑 안무 너무 대박적이다 노래는 말할것도없고 태민은\n할말하않
진짜...진짜 너무 섹시하다..팔 근육도 진짜 개쩔어버리고 목소리도 지려버린다으......흐으ㅓ어어ㅓ...
The type of song you’d listen to while fucking
The song is good but if you are a straight male then the video is just weird
He looks like kai (exo) at 1:33
your Japanese dance teacher look like a men than you...
Just wondering .. In 1:40 is that the same woman he danced with in hit the stage ?
I wish my teacher did all this
I like that he’s actually happy to be there.
That poor Hispanic kid
Where’s there backpack man they lucky it’s \nLike they don’t got hw bc they don’t get to bring there backpack home give me that teacher!😂🤣
every sub=100 years of luck!
This was too koo
One white kid
2:10 liked loved her handshake
you guys are awesome
he came to my school
what school is this
7th
Wow. Great fun with the kids.
this was on the news
after seeing a couple vids like this i had to sub...keep blessing the community guys your doing great stuff for the american people....respect and much luv from germany :)
hello
flips
2
Hi
h
😂
Good for you
1
In the original Japanese, Michelle was actually talking about Adam and Eve, and how they would have shared the first kiss.\n\nIf you look closely, the couple kissing in the shadows are actually Serena and Darien, since you can see you-know-who's iconic odango's. Presumably, Serena is imagining herself and her prince to be the iconic couple.
This is trending? what!?
Why dis trending. I mean i love sailor moon but still...
I watched this expecting a meme. There was no meme. I just watched 37 seconds of anime. I hope you’re happy.
why is this on trending ?
Why is this trending I thought this was going to be a meme or something
Brad....sounds like a fuck boi name
TRAPS
Wtf did i just watch
Shit
Wtf
This was 3 years ago wtf whys it trending smh
Why this trending
That's funny, I've never heard of a Brad that goes to our skeül
Yeah...........Brad............riiiiiiight lol
0:18 That looks like Serena and Darian then Brad lol
Damn how many cousins does she have?
Michelle:I wonder where he is today... *Looks to Amara*
The dub tried to make Michiru and Haruka's relationship as straight and non-homo as possible but I think they somehow ended up making it even gayer lmao
Wow, the dub was really brad.
Haruka and Michiru tried so hard to hide their relationship in both languages for this season but the dub made it even less convincing. XD
This Brad boy does have a nice set of knockers tho
Oh man, this translation is so stupid... Michiru was actually talking about Adam and Eve! I can't understand why they changed it...
Is brad also their cousin?
Michiru actually kisses someone. I've never seen Haruka or Michiru kiss before
Funny how Michelle looks a lot like Serena in that flashback, and Brad a lot like Darien
Amara: /checks watch/ Well, would you look at the time... Its time for some good ol' Frick Fracking
My sweet Har-Bread! Oops did I say bread? I meant brad...Sh-He's not my cousin because that's silly!\nThis is how I see this dub
I'm sure brad is closer than you think. XP 
They talk about this guy like he's dead. Maybe Amara secretly killed him so that he wouldn't be Michelle's cousin
Sounds like Michelle just ate a sandwich with a thick layer of sticky peanut butter on top.
'My sweet brad shouldn't that be My sweet cousin
IM HETEROSEXUAL I SWEAR
hahaha they're not even trying
I love Amara's laugh at the end xD it's like she's saying yeah..Brad's real... XD
Yeah, I wonder where Brad is now ;)
Brad must be her cousin, too.
Amara is laughing like: oh is that what you're calling me now?
More hunkier than Mike XD
Can anyone please tell me which episode this is please? I'm discussing the erasure of queer representation in the Cloverway dub of Sailor Moon for a project.
he's cheating on you with jessicaaa!
OH BRAD~
I guess Brad had a sex change
Brad? That's not how you spell Haruka!
It sounds like she's saying my sweet bread.
COUSINS INTENSIFY\n(yesssss my favorite clip, im so happy you uploaded it!!!)
You ever wonder where Brad went, Brad?
All know that was amara lol!
Neptune: My sweet Brad, I wonder where he is today…\nUranus: *scoffs\n\nYeah, Uranus knew she was bullshiting!
UH, why is Brad kissing Serena?
That moment when you come back to this video, and see 69 likes Kappa
I swear they are purposely making fun of their relationship ... In the dub 
Last I heard, Brad was dating Twilight Sparkle and got eaten by the Reapers or something
so in the past Michelle was wearing odangos too? and why does Brad looks like Mamoru?
We all knew where they went after this...
Who the fuck is Brad?  Is he another cousin of Amara's?  Just how many cousins does she have!?
(COUSIN MENTIONING INTENSIFIES)
Cute❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😹🌙🌙❤️❤️❤️🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶
I know who Brad really is...
I thought in the original Japanese version instead of Micheal saying Brad I thought she was saying it was Amara.😂 Can't blame me, right?
Are you sure it was just a first kiss? More like first time in bed together since nobody has their first kiss naked...
see ya
Wonder where he is? While 'he' is smirking like crazy
Lol at that shadow actually being haruka/amara thank goodness were getting viz to be honest with it all
Brad looks like Mamoru, come to think of it brad it Mamoru !
No commit on this... u wouldn't like it
GAAAAYYY
I love the background misic. Giggity.
Haruka Tenou doesn't say 'see ya'.
Oh my sweet bread
I wonder where he is today? LOL Try two feet across from you, Michelle!
Q:A\nQ: Can I have a copy of this script?\nA: No. It is illegal (federal offense) to hack any private/public network.\n\nQ: RIP WPA2\nA: WPA2 is not dead. You will just need to patch your iPhone, Android, macbook, PC, or gaming console.\n\nQ: Nooooooooooooooooooo\nA: It's not the end of the world. See answer above.\n\nQ: I use WPA1 or WPA am I safe?\nA: You are even more at risk. No you're not safe\n\nQ: I only ever use iPhone and Macs. I don't need to worry.\nA: WRONG. You are still at risk. Please patch all Apple devices, along with your AP (router)\n\nQ: I thought Apple was immune to viruses?\nA: This isn't a virus, it's an exploit to steal/forge your WiFi data being sent/received\n\nQ: I use VPN. No need to worry\nA: That's funny, no really it is. You're not safe, but keep telling yourself that if it helps.\n\nQ: Please, I use Linux... No one is more safe than me.\nA: ... WRONG... If you believe that, then maybe Linux isn't the right OS for you.
WPA3 🙈
İllərdi bunu heç kim görmədi ? Nəsə burda qaranlıq məsələ var.....
No system is Safe
why are all the people asking for the script? use google or ask for the source code to program your own
I find all the people with hacker in their name or an anononononymouse related image as their profile picture funny.
Not even 1 day later and most Linux distros already patched it. Congratulations.
Ohly Shit :(((((
Too bad they found it. Was a good method to use.
Oh shit dude
Hmmm this attack uses the evil twin method
Thanks for posting this!  well done!
Give us ur source code :D
what tool is it
So this is basiclly just createing a rouge ap and just ssl striping the data comeing through right?
The language  of paper he share it is defferent of my language  so i cant understand  the way of attack to make own secript
i'm i the only 1 who think's that they wont release the script just like blueborne.../
Now if only I could hack my annoying neighbor's wi-fi with this....
Ok, one thing I would really want to know but nobody is very clear about is this; If I patched my home router but still use ios7 devices on my home network and only on my home network are these connection safe, provided I don't go out to use public networks.
He kracc.\nBut most importantly.\nHe attacc
what software are you using
windows alredy fixed it, Fox fixed it, all swiss defices (where i live) are fixt.
This is the reason why I still use lte
NONCE. Fam that has a whole different meaning...
Excellent information. Thank you sir, you are a credit and programmers like me would be lost without you.
give us the script :D
A genius explaining what GOD'S can't explains.
finanly wpa2 fucked................yeah Google go on find it and patch........
Amazing and terrifying at the same time remembering how vastly used is WPA2. Absolutely magnificent work. Thank you.\nI have some questions in mind:\n1. Is this attack causing victim client switch from legit access point to a rogue one (e.g. your computer on demo video)?\n2. Make sure victim can access the internet << Does it mean attacker have to provide internet access from somewhere else if the attacker doesn't have the wifi password? Also does it mean this attack doesn't reveal the wifi password?\n3. Can the attacker join the actual network without password or it is just disguise itself as a access point without joining the actual network?
Thank you for making it clear....   I normally use a personal VPN i have setup at home.. will that add an added protection and protect from this type of attack ?
How to install krackattack tool in kali linux
Thanks for the new! This vulnerability is very important/dangerous!
can older version leser than wpa_supplicant 2.4 be used?
thank you very much to discover such flaw in wifi security before evil hacker discovered i aware people about this flaw in wifi security
so , the attacker got internet access?
thank you master! time to hack my crush
back to the RJ45 xD
any one knows when will the code be released??
Is it me or does it look like the attacker actually needs to know the MAC address of the device in order to carry out the attack. Therefore he would have to be on the same private network to do a MAC scan already?
Create A Fake AP and talk with Client Device to achieve 4 way handshake, we have already done. what is new in it??? OR are you just want to get popularity over web with this ???
Subscribe To My Channel Guys :)
can you please provide these tools? I need to check my whole network in office and home.
he says ...update all of your wifi devices. does this include wifi routers/access points or only the devices (clients) that connect to a network over wifi, e.g. smartphone, printer, roku, desktop, tv, yada yada??
That is very good research. Thanks for your effort to correct the loopholes in android and Linux.\nData would be still encrypted by SSL, if users carefully visit the websites by checking the HTTPS and Certificates(certificate issuer must be trusted CA). If website request received without SSL(HTTPS) then do not provide information.
amazing man! can you improve that method?
If I understand this correctly, you are connecting the victim to the rogue WiFi network, so you don't break the WPA2 encryption in real. You just forced the victiom phone to connect to the rogue WiFi without the victim knowing and then intercepting the packets as MItM attack. OR?
Which linux distribution you using plz tell
we fucked up to the mother :v
Do we need to update our router firmware as well as devices?
This was fixed on android 6+ with the august security patch - at least in my testing
All your Wifi base are belong to us !
sslstrip doesn't work anymore
OMG!! :o  RIP wpa2
awesome...!!!
Dang, fork WPA/WPA2 to something else!
Download Script link Leak.\nhttps://github.com/vanhoefm/krackattacks-test-ap-ft
:v Thanks very much
You lil smart ass bitch \nYou're genus
Damn, python is powerful
Are you dutch?
RIP WPA2
Sp00ky
العربي يضغط لايك😂
Please provide your python script
ؤف
https://github.com/vanhoefm/krackattacks-test-ap-ft
Bilmediğiniz her wifiye bağlanırsanız olacağı bu ama türkiyede liseliler haricinde bunları yapacak işsiz yok işinin ehli bir hacker sizin facenizi instagramınızı ne yapsın?
WTF 😠
fooooaaackkk
we are fucked
y is dis trending 4
:(:
wanna krack? wkwkwland :v
lol fuck
Android y sus parches al ataque.
https://youtu.be/8klSYoMnYGM check this out
welp... shit
NANIII
Where are shadow brokers
kbron pon la descarga
Goodbye wpa2, welcome wpa3
En resumen es un puto xploit xd jajaja amo los malwares like
quien me puede decir bien la herramienta necesaria para atacar una red WPA2??
alguien que me explique en español como funciona esto?? o es solo un alerta que se puede hacer cagar los wpa2? si se pùede me explican?
türkçe çevirilmiş hali ne zaman gelir
apple has already solved
But if the patch is not out for your device or platform then using a vpn can help: https://www.purevpn.com/blog/how-to-overcome-krack-wifi-vulnerability/
take this down
Are we all fu**ed right now? Gotta go update everything brb
Wow the most meaningless comments get the highest upvotes here (like noo and shit etc)\nJheez
What if the routers we have are from our ISP and the updates comes like one update per 5 years!!!!
No offence but this has been easy to do since 2004 why is this on trending now? Either me and my cronies are far far ahead of this current generation or your video is an already well known thing.
You know these kind of people piss me off.   Last week this wasnt a issue now they published this method and every ffing criminal in the world knows how to do this.   In my opinion publishing this crap to the wide public should be punishable as they now basicly gave access to billions of devices arround the world of wich 80% wont ever see a fix.  So despite their possible intentions they made  billions of devices voulnarable and gave access to many more billions of accounts.  So despite claiming to have good intentions they screwed everyone. Ofc fixing is good but the idiots didnt think this trough when publishing this.
HI BROTHER, IM A TEACHER OF TECNOLOGY AN I WANT IF IS POSSIBLE WHAT YOU WILL CAN BORROWME YOUR TOOL FOR A CLASS ABOUT THE WIRELESS SECURITY..\nBEFORE OF ALL THANKS FOR YOUR ATENTTION
Sorry what is this about ? I’m Russia. And drunk 😵  but I still don’t know what On going here?
Is WPA2 Enterprise with EAP Fast vulnerable to this attack?
Not important
someone did it to me
ou je peut le trouvez => ./krack-all-zero-tk.py wlan0  pleas !!!!!
Ohh shit.... Why are you telling this to everyone? Idiot just remove this fu*king video
Christ, that was funny. Great stuff.
Improvising brexit like a never ending jazz solo. \n\nThat was gold and so accurate.
Watch it at 0,5 speed!
Jonathon...if you dont calm down you are gonna have a heart attack......
YOU FUCK OFF!! NOT THERESA MAY!!
Any particular reason you won't call a Conservative PM a c*nt  like you called the Conservative President?
I can't stop watching this video. Brilliant!!!!! Sub-Farage should be a new word
Give us a smart gay black man as prime minister or something. That would definitely change things up a bit. Beats the recycled white etonian cunts who've never worked a day in their life and don't actually know what they're doing. And yes.. I am white.
He should be Prime minister.
Pie Takes the Cake. This guy... people on the street are staring thinking he's a real newscaster.  this is awesome... if I wanted to know about what was going on in Britain... I would watch Jonathan pie.
I hope Tom Walker is not ever considering visiting North Korea - if he does, he won't come out alive! Also, if Laura Kuenssberg now needs a bodyguard, then certainly Tom will need one as well. I'm sure his persona here has ruffled a few right wing feathers along the way, particularly if we are to believe that Jonathon Pie had some influence on the younger voter voting for Corbyn in the last election!
BLOODY BRILLIANT took the words right out of my mouth respect !!!
May out, Pie in.
I'm on the right side of the political spectrum 😎.
What’s your thoughts on the poverty slope of austerity they call “Universal Credit” Mr Pie ?
Watched twice. This one is a gem!
Do you have to swear every 5 seconds? Or are too thick to talk without filling the space with uneeded vile language? Yeah I get swearing can bring a across how strongly you feel about a subject but that much just makes you sound like you suffer from tourettes or just brain damage.\nIf no one voted for Teresa she wouldn't be prime minister but she is and she did it legally lol
These people in power need to be dragged into the streets and have a cucumber forced up their arse.
Who else is going to do Brexit ? Labour ? Liberal Democrats ? Don't make me laugh. As far as I don't like Teresa May I'm afraid that she's the best there is right now. (Will not reply)
Love a slice of the pie... Real views presented in comedy. Keep baking these pies please!
Im starting to wonder if Teresa may ever wrote information on her hypothesis in any coursework she may have gotten or did she just pay someone else to answer for her?
Fuck off theresa may back in the kitchen where you belong ya daft bint.
so what do u suggest we replace her with, marxist corbyn the ira lover
You got my attention , well done
She shouldn’t be in power
Why are English people so cringeworthy? Particularly when it comes to politics.
i wish you would just go you parasitical hack with you same ass fake shit
this video made me want to sit under my chair
1:33 She's improvising Brexit, like a never-ending Jazz solo.
First time i came across this video and i already love him already!   lol
this is better than the actual news
Let Boris show you how it's done... But seriously Theresa fuck off!\n\nThis killed me😂💀
Come on Jonathan where's your diatribe against the vicious cruelty of Universal Credits? If you can't stick it to the slime balls on this you have lost it.
Jeremy Paxman asked her if she believed in Brexit during the campaign and she declined.
If you U turn twice, you're back where you started 😂 true!
This is a long ad for Palletways.
I agree entirely with his summary of May, but very, very misleading and sensationalising the case about EU nationals.  Nobody at all is saying foreign nationals will be ejected from the UK if there's no deal, the issue is what rights the people here and UK nationals in the EU will have, and which court will hold jurisdiction in both cases.  Those aren't small matters that can be rushed into or done blindly.  Labour said they'd grant EU nationals here residency rights, but said so without having any clue what that would actually mean in practice - that's just a ridiculous, negligent, and irresponsible stance to take because it would give the EU complete control over deciding the outcome, and the UK with no cards to look after our own citizens living in the EU.  Oh, we'd just trust the EU to do the right thing by the UK?  Ha!  In the words of Pie  fuck off!!!
I do not recall the last time that in such a short space of time have I heard such a vulgar, disgusting barrage of swear word's, was it at lunch today? Or breakfast this morning? Hmm, I just dont recall, I love it.
Totally brilliant as ever Mr Pie!\n\nThe weird thing is that nearly 5% disagree with you.  What planet are they on?
Great stuff!!  Once again Pie tells it how it is.  Take his advice Theresa. - please take his advice.
Someone actually worthy of being on the trending tab.
Swearing in front of children. Nice one
When you understand that politics is based on money and power and the dividing of people.\nYou totally understand why it gets people worked up like this douche.\nBrexit the whole f in thing. \nAnd can someone please look in to Tony Blair a bit more? I remember him bringing a ps4 back from the US, was a gift before it was out. and he got away with it cos he was PM, well let's bring it all back up. Toss these a holes in to the pits!\nPlease, thanks!
Unlike Teresa May.. Palletways deliver!  I think the driver IS a straight white male.
I was waiting for someone to walk by and not appear again in shot !! Like wait behind him !!!☔️
I have always wondered. Is Mr. Pie in front of a green screen, or is he actually screaming into a camera in the middle of London?
There's not enough of Jonathan Pie, and that's what makes these videos all the more precious.
5th or 6th time watching this and I still find it hilarious which is about as depressing as seeing the Tory stance on Brexit.
'This behaviour is sub-Farage'\nBrilliant
sponsored by palletways
Love the Dithering Moose title.
Spot On!
So is it time to Fuck off Theresa or time to fuck off, Theresa? I can’t do anything until I know if it’s addressed to her or a call to arms for the rest of us..
Somone get this man a raise
Not going to lie,  this guy is not funny whatsoever
The people in the background like Dude what the F*ck
This Pie is well past his 'Best Before' date 🤢
Muh straight white male If only you had cancer as progressive as your politics. Its not racist if its against whites, sexist if against men or bigoted against straight people, right? Cunt.
he said no one voted for eu nationals to be bargaining chips I personally voted for brexit coz I'm sick of all the eu nationals I really don't care about tariffs etc, I'm sick of the fucking bozos!!!
Put this guy in Parliment.
2:11\n13\n(6_+)\nPay the Bill or the kid gets it!\n(-_-)\nBetter do as he says 33!\n(9_+)\nNo!\n(-_-)\nMe either!   I'd rather die!
A remoaner if I ever saw one.\n\nYou can just tell he's the type of doode who catches you fucking his wife and wants to take a walk in Hyde park with you to talk it out, little cuck.
This woman told the whole world during the election campaign that she is a difficult woman she warned the British public why complain now anyone who vote for her deserve what they get she didn't force anyone to vote tory everyone has the free will to choose to vote labour Conservative or any party but lies promises brainwashing and you all taught immigrants were a threat to your own selfish interest got this country to where it is don't blame the government blame yourselves if the people are good the leaders will be good if the people are bad then the leaders will be bad it's the public who elect the leaders the leaders don't elect themselves
1:00 we deliver thats the most straight forward slogan ever.
why does this remind me of DT on Wegner
Every 1 COME TO THE MILLION MASK MARCH  November the 5th
He really stuck the landing on this one. Bravo.
Jonathan's on the trending page! Next stop 10 Downing Street.
Not Palletways again! They've been video/film bombing since the bloody 70's!
As a Muslim who has mostly voted labour my whole life and who voted Brexit, may couldnt organise a piss up in a brewery. If shes not going to deliver she needs to hand the reins over.
Wenger out
Brilliant
Sub-farage omg
Anyone know if Palletways delivers?
XD
Dugz bawz eyez
Get palletways to our brexit deal... They deliver
A massive advert for palletway.
Preach it baby!!
Great advert for palletways lol
0:29 Cheeky cabbies!
Secret ad for pallet way
😂😂😂borris for PM
Lmao
Come on Johno. You commie dickhead. I’ll smash your fucking face in ya cunt.
You should be priminister!!!!
The lies of the law.....https://youtu.be/ztRjUXZkDqE
Answer the fucking question you dithering moose. 😂😂😂
But she has great fashion sense.
We want Boris Johnston!
Fuck Corbyn the IRA cunt and fuck Theresa aswell
Moron.
SUB-FARAGE!!!!!!
Not even UKIP
I feel better knowing Palletways deliver.
Pieways - We deliver... UK's best political rant
This is f*cking brilliant 😂
RT puppet
Rantus Classicus
*sponsored by Palletways*
Oh boy here I go spending again!
Available now?  My copy won't be here until tomorrow :-(
Unlock the game. For god's sake unlock the game
You know considering the smallest things offend people nowadays I'm surprised Ubisoft (or any studio for that matter) is allowed to make these games or tv shows but boy I'm glad they do
SO GLAD there are no LOOT BOXES in this game.
Is it already out or is it gonna be available tmr?
nudity at 1:03
I like how it says out now and the game isn't even out yet. Biggest fail ever.
Available now *cries on steam.
I can't wait
When are we gonna get The stick of truth ?
Xbox Live can take all my money but NO STICK OF TRUTH UNTIL LAUNCH. Oh well I'm excited as hell
Can't wait to pick this up later! Love South Park humor!
Love the game even it isnt already launched. I'll make a video about the game :3
that shold Be a movie
I hope its out and as funny as stick of truth
Holy f--k!!!! I'M SO EXCITED..........*looks at steam*...........you son of a b--ch..........
Today,...The Heroes of South Park will Rise!
can’t wait for assassins creed origins
F affa.....Fastpass
Man finally
Am ready!!!!!!!
Coop?
1:01
I pre ordered it and didn't get stick of truth did that happen to anyone else?
5
3
1
is this one multi player ?
Here's another idea when you say you have customer support actually supports your damn customers
1:40 is when the trailer ends
YOU MADE THIS GAME
Did she twerk to attack at 0:58
Please make us a switch version
Omg
Downloading right now! The Stick of Truth was hilarious. I don't doubt that this will be just as good
1:03 cena deliciosa 😸
Where's Mintberry Crunch!?
TIMMY!!
This game is somehow more crazier than the stick of truth
If no one else will say it I will\n\nThis game is severely over priced
are they allowed to swear in traliers
I just don^t understand how it is possible . I can play on my PC in Prey (2017).  And this game doesn^t . How ? Somebody explain me.
WTF is southpark doing making another fucking amazing game, like come on give other games a chance  you cant make something this perfect
Ubicrap u r game has been cracked.u use denuvo.we r not buying this game.bethesda is not use denuvo in evil within 2.we already bought that.
Need to buy this game.
That last line😂
well great my order hasnt come yet
I'm going to be f***in broke as hell
This should be on nintendo switch
So what is it called when you give someone money for something and they don't give you the item you paid for isn't that I don't know stealing
I love how the lady announcing the free purchase at the end sounded so out of place compared to the trailer and monotone.\n\nI kinda wished Cartman would interrupt her or have him do the announcement
confirmed, you can play as a female character in the game BUT everyone will still call you a HE for some reason
0:33 And theres more where that came from, fatass!!
I got it free jajaja
I love the last game
I finished Stick Of Truth so I'm definitely buying this game.
but kenny hasnt changed a bit...
This looks fire
Is the stock of truth a preorder bonus?
Buying now
I don’t understand how people are playing it right now
Epic 😃
0:43  WAHT
XBOX 360 😡
Well who ever SOT free with purchase wish it came true
nem lança para xbox360
super Craig! is gay
This trailer is lit lmfao wtf
omg yesssssssssssss so cooooool
Wher is mintbarry Crunch
please make farcry 3 android
Best. Game. Ever. Period.
Who else is waiting for it to release?
Give me my game and my Coon figuring that I ordered last year you thieves
this game is so hillarious, i got a lil blonde girl wearing a tiara and a wizard wand thingy
it releases at midnight!!! whooo!!!!
Cartman's laugh when he says 'whole'. \n😂😂😂
I live in the US and my PS4 says it has 16 hours 19 minutes and 55 seconds left. \nAnd 6 hours left on the pre-load.\nObviously leaked.
Lol should've thought of that before you had children to him, now you're stuck with his crap
Keeping up with the sluts
that should be an instagram story, its 15 sec for god sakes!!!
Is there somewhere to watch the show online?
Dead eyes, expressionless faces and vaginas like old wind socks, The Kardashians.
WILL THESE SATANIC JOOS JUST FUKOFF FROM TV
Kourtney is so messed up why even let him get u pregnant 3 times
Ugly bitches nothing more nothing less
Boooorringggg
💤💤💤💤💤
These people are why Isis want us dead
https://youtu.be/pgx7CKUnBu8\n“Hi my name is kimmy I’m so rich and I’m so famous, you know I have no talent just a massive hairy anus”
Kourtney babies are the prettiest light skin olive complexion geourgous kims look like typical black kids
The trashiest family in America, make them go away...please.. I have money
No need to learn the alphabet in Scott and Kourtney's house.  It's all about the numbers.  Money and ratings.  :-(
Can someone tell me the number of this channel
First yasss
TWICE said LIKEY is a mix of TT and LOA, and our own dancing mochine Momo helped choreograph the dance 😘♥️
ONCEs, please vote for TWICE in MAMA for BEST FEMALE GROUP, BEST DANCE PERFORMANCE FEMALE GROUP, BEST MUSIC VIDEO, and of course SONG OF THE YEAR and ARTIST OF THE YEAR!!!\nTWICE is falling behind now, they got only 14%, while no.1 got almost 35%.......\nAs online voting takes 30% in the MAMA point counting method, that's why we HAVE TO HURRY UP TO VOTE EVERYDAY!!!\nTWICE is the BEST SELLING GIRL GROUP, how come they are not doing well in voting? ONCEs, let's not be lazy!\n(unfortunately album sales only takes 10%😢)
Please don’t forget to vote TWICE for MAMA
*Vote for **#TWICE** 2017MAMA*\n*Artist of The Year, Song of The Year, Best Female Group, Best Dance Perf, Best M/V fighting* 💕
*Once, Vote TWICE in Mama award !! we're losing so much right now. fighting Once!*
we must brake the record of bts go onces
Hello ONCES, please read since this is of utmost importance:-\n\n1) *Votes from Japan* - Do we have any Japanese Once here who can understand English? If so then please ask the other Japanese Onces to help us vote for TWICE on MAMA 2017.  You guys might not realize this but these awards are very important for us. We want or girls to win Daesangs again this year. Conversely, if anyone here can read and write Japanese fluently, unlike me who only knows Hiragana and Katakana, is more than welcome to translate all this to our fellow J-Onces. \n\n2) *K-Onces* - Are you reading this? Please step up the game. If Candy Onces fall behind then how do we Jelly Onces even hope to cope with this? Please vote more!\n\n3) *Kpopfan Jai* -What's the scene in Taiwan? Please mass vote. \n\n4) *Mass voting time slots* - As I had mentioned previously - 12.00pm KST, 6.00pm KST and 12.00 am KST. Please participate! Of course you can vote all day as well.\n\n5) *Last but not the least,* we have organized a drive for mass protest against Mnet for 'overlooking'/ 'excluding' Knock Knock from the SOTY category while nominating Signal in it's place. So both Candy Onces and we Jelly Onces are formally registering our complaints to Mnet asking for an explanation while seeking a possible replacement if KK does turn out to be the better candidate for the award. This drive is promoted by *TWICE_Global* on twitter in which we have all participated.\n\nHere's the content. Visit the following link on MNet and copy paste this in the message. Upvote this so everyone can see. Bookmark the link lest this comment finds itself in the depths of YouTube's abyss:-\n\n*Sub:* A Notice Regarding 2017 MAMA Awards\n\nHello. This is TWICE Fan Union. The fan union is officially going to formally take action about the exclusion of TWICE’s KNOCK KNOCK’ as a nominee in 2017 MAMA under the category of ‘Song of the Year’.\nFirstly, we would like to ask for the criteria for being the nominee of ‘Song of the Year’ as well as the reason for the exclusion of ‘KNOCK KNOCK’.\nSecondly, we request either a change to or addition of ‘KNOCK KNOCK’ as a nominee of ‘SOTY'.\n\nhttps://goo.gl/gv8hQd
TT mix with Ooh Ahh omg yas.
I AM NOT OK😢😍😍😍😍😍
O god not some weird sht again
*is still waiting for a comeback with chae's handsome short hair*
I don't like Twice because they are very fib it so bad very much.
please vote for twice mama awards
ONCES HELP VOTE TWICE IN MAMA 2017 OTHER GROUPS ARE LEADING LETS MAKE TWICE LEAD LETS MAKE GET AWARD AS OUR GIFT
me when I'm obsessed with social media
Mina is my bias but Sana just had to fuck it up with her visuals TT
TWICE IN YOUR AREA!
Twice on 3rd place with large gap already...where are you once.
Please preorder twicetagram now!!!lets get high sales in physical album for girl group again!!!
QUEENS ARE BACK AT IT 😍😍😍
This gives me like an 80’s vibe
日本人いる？
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa lindas! :3
OMG SANA?????L
Don't forget to vote our TWICE on MAMA!\nhttp://m.mwave.me/en/mama/vote-finish?voteYn=Y
They filmed this in my hometown and if you watch Once Upon A Time you can see the library behind Jihyo @0:03
vote twice for mama award guys... we want to see twice win award again this year.. please don't be lazy
I think the filming in Canada is in this comeback... IM SO EXCITED!!! 😍😍😍😍
we have to attempt more than 10million view in 24  hour ,ang pray for twice win more than 10 music award.
HI ONCES! PLEASE VOTE TWICE ON MAMA 2017 ❤️ WE ALL KNOW THAT TWICE WILL WIN 👸🏻\nLINK: 2017mama.com\nPLEASE ONCE VOTE EVERYDAY TWICE DESERVES TO WIN 👸🏻
TT was released almost a year ago during Halloween xDD
I expect one of their song will be the song of the year again!!!!!!😆😆😆✌✌✌
[투표안내] 2017 Mnet Asian Music Awards (#2017MAMA)\n\n● https://t.co/6bYkhf5WkK \n\n#TWICE #트와이스 #MAMA # VOTE\n#qoo10songoftheyear \n\nhttp://m.mwave.me/kr/mama/vote-index \n\nVote for TWICE\n\nBest Female group - TWICE\n\nBest Dance performance Fmale group - TWICE\n\nBest music video - TWICE\n\nQ0010 song of the year - TWICE\n\nQ0010 Artist of the year - TWICE.
0:30 >> Sana’s part probably has the best music, the atmosphere and the repeated use of the word ‘A’ really gives off the aesthetic music vibe and it sounds great!🔥💕
S.O.S: JYP family's TWICE and GOT7 are both falling behind in MAMA votes!  Ahgases would like to ask ONCE for their support by collaborating with IGOT7 in voting for each other in Mama 2017. Please give our boys your vote for the Best Male Group and we will in return give Twice our votes in all of their categories. Let's work together and put Twice and Got7 on top!! FIGHTING!! 🏆#Twice 🏆#Got7
#TWICEShow
TZUYU AND MINA KILLED ME
TWICE FLIGHTING!
exciting💖💖
ITS GONNA BE LIT :0
TZuyu
Momo ❤ chaeyoung ❤ 🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭
😘😘😘
CAN'T WAAAAAIIIITTTTT💞💞💞
TWICE  LOVE YOU
When dud jeongyeon go on?
I love Bunny Ears
Love so much❤❤❤😍😍
Is this mv is filmed in Vancouver BC????(For those who are Canadians)
YOO they actually came here to vancouver? Wawh, actually... xDD
YO DID THEY FILM THIS IN VANCOUVER CANADA? Because jihyo looks like she's in steveston village... I'M SHOOK
They’re all so cute 😍
Can't get any clue!
역시 트와이스는 다 이쁘내여!!!!!♡♡!
Pls support twice to be best girl group by voting in mama http://m.mwave.me/en/mama/vote?voteSeqDirect=800107 \nTwice will win
may i know 6pm refer to korean local time?\nhelp me once...
you can buy it cheaply at @eu.kpop.shop!
This filmed in Vancouver :o
I can't wait for this comeback I am so hyped✨
Nayeon my girlfriend, beautiful thing, I love her so much.
This makes me happy.\n\n\nWhere is my Once squad at?
Why Am I keep replaying Momo, Mina and Sana's part..
All of them look like godesses \nJyp ♡♡
Just stop these bs trailers and teasers they literally make people confused when the actual song comes out and it takes away the main videos views
At the end, it sounded just like Ariana Grande Break Free. Am I the only only who thinks that?
They are too much pretty to me
PLEASE KEEP VOTING FOR OUR GIRLS AT MAMA GUYS. EVERY ONCE MUST VOTE. WITH ALL ACCOUNT THAT U HAVE AND DO IT EVERYDAY UNTIL THE VOTING CLOSED. FIGHTING ONCE!
Ommmg Dahyun was so cuuute, just like a little bunny
ALSO ONCES PLEASE VOTE TWICE ON MAMA AND AAA, WE ARE *NOT* LEADING!!!!!!!!!!
Jihyo in Steveston BC during visit to Vancouver. So weird seeing Twice in my hometown.
How can I wait 10 more days ??
We are rotting we need more teasers 😭
LIKEY LIKEY LIKEY 💕
OMFG
mina with her sisters😂💕
i hope there is a dance break.. 😩😩😩\nI miss momo's Dance break..
so beutiful
0:58 my heart beat stopped
Dahyun looks so cute!
Can't wait❤❤❤❤❤❤
VOTE TWICE FOR MAMA2017
Wow
Chaeyoung I likey  you so hard 😍🐯
VOTE \nFOR\n TWICE \nMAMA
Momo😍😍
TWICE 💗💗💗
TZUYU IS SO VERY BEAUTIFUL 💖💖💖👑👑👑
Mina is so pretty..
DAHYUN IS THE PRETTIEST !!!!!!!!!!
I love twice 😘😜❤
FULL ALBUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
I can't breattheeeeeeeww ajdbjebdjaja
s2
My Mina
tzuyu 😂😂😂😂
OMG jihyo my Angel
트와이스 언니들 기대할께요❤\n이번 곡이 13곡이얌ㅎㅎ빨리 10월30일와라~~\n트둥언니들 꼭 1위 시켜  줘야댕💞
dahyun is so cuteee
Tzuyu ohmygosh
Who are here to support to get most disliked MV ? \nLet’s show Once’s strength !
1 view, 71 likes, 40 comments. YouTube logic.
Rip Route.
Fuckin showed up like right after you guys did this i was pissed
I’m a condom because I always fail on people
I'm gonna be honest, I don't think this run should be 100% valid because of the fact that the other teams seemingly did not use the glitch/exploit. HOWEVER this wasn't exactly a new glitch - lots of people knew about it and I can see why this team wanted to take advantage of it (I'm sure some other teams did as well). The point is that there should be clear rules on what's considered cheating or not beforehand, so we can avoid to have this shitfest of comments and posts we have now. \n\nGood job on the run, guys. You exploited a feature which WAS in the game and which the Bungie or the community hadn't formally agreed on as being unfair and/or unfitting to use. If someone had agreed on rules beforehand, I wouldn't approve of this. But they hadn't, so I'm just gonna say gg.
Skipping the castellum, using the coil glitch (which allows you to do more damage and kill more enemies), I wouldn’t call this a fair win. No, I am not a hater, (I was actually watching live and support them) I am just calling it what it is.
What's the supposed glitch that they did?
What’s the secondary you used for calus? Besides the coldheart oc
I honestly just came here to see people bitch after watching moderntryhards video
I was in school while you guys did this and went into Goth's stream with people saying First team did an exploit, they aren't actually first. Idiots complaining about a heavy glitch, gg's man
“Hold on, I’m coil glitching.”
One thing we did accomplish as part of our investigation was the creation of a way to verify a clean finish. We can now detect if any teams use this exploit to gain an advantage. This will take some extra time to verify, but we will be able to crown the winners with the confidence they deserve\n\nThat taken directly from the latest weekly update.  Any use of exploits invalidate a world's first run.  Especially in a case such as this where first and second teams were mere minutes apart.  Therefore world's first should not go to redeem, but to the team that had a run free of any exploitation of glitches.  This video you proudly put up holds all the information necessary to deem your team used exploits in order to gain an advantage.
As bungie said before it came out, “glitch users will be disqualified” myself and several others will never accept you as the true winners
Glitchers
World's first... how do we know the other teams didnt try it also? No way to tell. Redeem got caught because of their audio. I agree we should NOT use glitches/bugs for these attempts but others may have done it too.
Would of preferred destiny 1 with new dlc than this
Its not legitimate. So if an athlete gets popped for roids do they get to keep their tittle? NO. It' the same philosophy here. So it's tainted.
Lmao @ the audio cutting out when that one guy starting hating on his teammate for being hype cause it was embarrassing lolol
Why did everyone but Gladd's audio cut out? That sounded so strange...
Slayer used a macro, these guys used a heavy exploit.  No one gave Slayer shit. Dont give these guys shit.
What rocket launcher are you using @the dogs?
Amazing run and f the complainers
It’s a fucking game, Good shit Redeem, all the fuckers coming here whining about heavy ammo glitch will be the first to dick ride you guys are when you beat it in 30 mins.
Dude Indica is such a cancer to play with, but holy shit. You guys can't be happy for worlds first for 5 seconds? They said it's embarrassing, but really it's embarrassing the way you guys jumped on him like that. You guys suck all the fun out of the game, unsubbed.
I love how people are mad at them for EXPLOITING if you think about it, the exploit has bren known, and wasnt the issue bungie was mentioning or trying to fix.\n\nBasically what im saying is that bungie does not find it a glitch, just abusing an ability of the coil, which people also did in year 1. Stop complaining, it counts.
oo look people who got first place by exploiting, oooooo
You gonna put out of self righteous vid like ehoar or naaaaw?
UHHH MY EARS WHAT IS THAT HORRIBLE SOUND
Glitch or not xd\n\nIts still worlds first
I figured you guys would be the first to do this.
Let's forget for a moment they used the warcliff coil, and concentrate on their run: Why did you guys skipped the first part? You know that they changed this part to? EVERY enemy can now take the keys.
I didn’t watch this live, and when I heard you used a glitch i thought you needed it to win- but you did amazingly anyway. Well done
I think it is funny how you miraculously somehow can't hear his teammates when they are the ones calling out the coil glitch
They didn't cheat you spastics, they used an exploit to make the run as practical as possible. People are acting as if they coded the game so they would be able to have unlimited heavy. If the objective was to be the first team done not using the exploit is just a handicap. Blame bungie not them.
People aren't upset that they heavy glitch, they're upset that they intentionally exploited it throughout the entirety of the raid.
I don't feel like the glitch is anything DQ worthy. And had they mentioned it specifically that no team would have done it.\n Bungie didn't specify the ammo glitch would be penalized so you can't fault redeem for doing it. For all they know every team was going to use it and to not use it would be putting your team at a disadvantage.\n Mad respect to everyone on this fireteam. They put in more time and practice and they came out on top.
Do you feel your WF is tarnished due to not allowing Ehroar to not get his underbelly chest as he had a key?
@7:17 “Don’t worry about it” lul
GGs. It kills me that this has nothing besides a new shader and different colored armor. Bungie is pathetic, they ruined the longevity of this game. I loved D1 but I’ve already walked away from D2. No point. Nothing to do.
Did they ever done the raid? They should've knew there's a cut scene
streaming and exploting this is more comedy then world first
Cheaters don’t deserve to win.
I'm sorry, I love watching Gladd's videos, but am I the only person who just can't stand Indica? Great player, he's just obnoxious when he talks..
Trash buckets
WTF was that high pitched noise?
Fuck the haters! Much respect gents.
Haters gonna hate. Fuck'm.
Worlds first flawless, #DDOS, still worlds first tho we didn’t cheat.. worlds first..
Im coil glitching
awesome you guys good bye route
GLITCHERSSSS
Outstanding! Nice teamwork!
So, people say switching weapons = cheat ROTFL\n\nGG
gg guys, good job
ur prism runners on dog SUCK
GG, nice work!
Amazing yo congrats
Got first? Nice!
👌
idk why people are mad..\nWas everyone mad about glitches in D1? No.
Get ready for all the people complaining about the “heavy ammo glitch”. 😭 they’re just mad because you’re all better than them 💯
I’m sorry but you don’t deserve world first. Bungie had to delay the raid for a week because of glitches like the one you have used in the raid. They specifically stated that any team caught using glitches in the raid will be disqualified. I don’t think Bungie noticed what you were doing, because if they did, they would’ve gone against there word. But then again, Bungie.\n\nEdit - Bungie reviewed it and were completely fine with it. According to Bungie, 1 is equal to 8.\nHuh
Didnt even do it legit fucking pathetic
Grats on world's first. Just wish people would stop with their complaints about the heavy exploit. Like Bax said in his video, where was this hate when people were doing the same thing for the last year. Where was the hate on the one plate run and the two man runs
People complaining about glitches have to realize destiny is a game that had always been FULL of world firsts using glitches etc. Especially solo crota and solo Oryx
What's the kinetic weapon you're using?
WARCLIFF GLITCH EQUALS CHEATED , HEAVY FIREPOWER THAT IN TURN GETS THE CHEATING TEAM AHEAD IN TIME AND POWER, EVEN IF BY JUST SECONDS, THOSE WERE GLITCHED SECONDS.. PATHETIC AND DEGRADING.
Cheaters. Glitchers. Same thing.
The fucking dialogue in this stream was straight cancer, why the fuck do you guys say so much unnecessary garbage. Fucking communicate clearly and chill the fuck out ffs. Cringy mofos
If this is prestige why are items not locked
Anyone want to explain what the coil glitch thing is in a non hateful way towards them?
People are really butt hurt about the glitch huh, what's so bad about it? There's no rules
Wait can someone explain to me what they did that everyone is so mad about
Why are people so pathetic and salty? Nobody was salty when someone pulled Ethernet cable on Crota, used IB for heavy ammo glitch, Titan skated, used quiver glitch \n\nPathetic bunch of faggots \n\nThis guys done more in destiny than any of you ever will \nI bet none of you can still speedrun Crota to this day
Damn. All these butthurt kids complaining about the coil glitch. Y'all need to chill
Can everyone stop undermining these guys efforts. Good stuff fellas!
Yo guys you gotts wake up a little bit okay these are gods at the game but the used a glitcch IT DOESN T MATTER if it s small or no they used an EXPLOIT so they SHOULD NOT have earned the title of world s first
What’s the difference between prestige and regular in the mechanics?
Why do you guys always have to cheat?
The reason why people are mad is because bungie themselves stated that any glitches used competing for worlds first prestige would be disqualified. The wardcliff glitch is not an intended mechanic in the game and you can clearly see they use it throughout the run. If bungie had not made that statement, i don't think this whole heavy exploit would have been blown out of proportion. My 2 cents.
Mite want to change the title too world's second.
Gj guys but how do u know if your the worlds first?
how long have you guys played together and how many are in the clan?
Exploit cheating Worlds First. Why even make a video of you cheating? Dumbasses
Cheating scum
How he could he possibly known about the teleport mechanic on Calus before they even entered the room for the first time?  Seems a tad suspicious.
If you cheated on 1 single answer of a 6 hour BAR entrance exam to become a lawyer you would get disqualified\n\nIf you use steroids for one game in baseball you get suspended\n\nIf you answer one question falsely out of a thousand while in court you get charged with perjury.\n\n\nIt's not about I only cheated a little, no big deal You cheated. You don't deserve world's first.
Why does the title say { redeem }
That Perseverance?
Where tf do you find dedicated tryhards for stuff like this? LFG posts/reddit leads to wipes constantly.
Is there a reason they’re using the Valakadyn? Or is it just personal preference?
the guy who does the majority of the talking is a complete douchebag. would hate playing with him
Congrats bro u really earned it
Ignore the haters. Good job you all earned it
Can someone please explain to me how utilizing game mechanics is cheating and how their run doesn't even count?
Exploit used = Not World‘s First. Simple.
Some exotics in Destiny have hidden perks. The hidden perk for the coil is that it'll fully reload the heavy weapon you switch to, hence why there's a reload sound when you do it. Quit crying. Mida had high caliber rounds in D1 and it wasn't mentioned anywhere. If it's a glitch, then why does a sound play when you switch off it?
Why is there a race if it's literally the same raid they didn't add anything
Who the fuck cares about some stupid heavy glitch?
So using mechanics built into the raid is cheating now 🤔 seems L E G I T. Congrats on Worlds First.
This is why so many sambo, coon, uncle tom and bed wench negroes(male & female) talk so negative about Dame. Because he wasn't scared of cracKKKer's and talked bad to they shady azz's LOL.
That BIG artwork in the back is dope.
Dame dash defines a strong black man. He refuse to sell his soul for a dollar.
I like Dame he is the definition of a real husler.
if dame would had pulled off paid independently
Now everyone knows why he was BLK Balled he knew too much lucky they didn't smoke him
Dame dash spoke only nothing but the truth on the culture vultures lyor Cohen etc Dame dash is da truth that blackballed Dame for speaking up to the powers that shouldn't be old slaves was in chains new slaves are in denial Dame dash n myself only got but knowledge of self
Dame is a GENIUS
i dont understand people that dislike this vid???
So Dame. I dig everything you are doing and your speech and perspective on this society. However, if you recall. You threw Cosby under the bus a while back. But in this interview, you seem to dance around the issue of Weinstein. At least you use a different code of speaking about Weinstein. Why is that???🤔
Once fucking again dame prove yall fukk nigga  wrong he neva get his kudos it's sad how mf is slow nd it hard being a being a futuristic dang stay dropping jewels on you slow motherfukers they hate on great mf dame dash
Last man standing.......man of principles.....3rd millennium general protecting his daughters - Muslims go war for this type of shit.
hmmm nobody  ever said something ( the people higher up) but they all knew because of money ,career, they sold their principal because of fame   and then they get the fame and they hate it, its a curse
Every Person who has disrespected themselves by hurting others - deserves to see this 20 minute gem.  Even if you changed up, just listen,  learn and evolve.  \n\nEVERYBODY IN HOLLYWOOD KNEW ABOUT THIS COCKROACH WEINSTEIN. People are praising false prophets. I see this on SOCIAL MEDIA THE MOST!!!!! Some of these cats are phonier than a 3 dollar bill.
Shout out to dame and kenyatta.  Preciate everything you guys do, especially this video. Keep it up guys and remain blessed
20:25 🤔 hmmm = jayz. ?  Yep n jayz is probably 💯 percent one of the ones who looked the other way who he’s talking about
Dams is a real one one of my heros
Dame ain't never sell his soul AND he's still out here living good. Perfect example of being yourself regardless of the L's. Every loss ain't a loss. I love Dame! Boogie bugging out! I'll take his pops. 😕
Damon will you marry me?
Dash is damned near the only one given you words to live by.
Dame Dash made a interesting point that im going to bring up. How do you get fired from your own company? the answer dame said is that someone else was fronting the money. Basically Harvey Weinstien  handlers behind the so called board of directors got tired of Weinstien and basically terminated him out of hollywood.
I stop listenin to rap
Invest in ya future cuz you gon be older way longer than you gon be younger, the key to life!-Sheek Luc...Dame come back fam!!
Love to hear how Dame uses the opportunity to elevate himself.  Now he is a great protector of women and the weak.
I WANT THAT PAINTING OF BIGGIE IN THE BACK..... NOW!!!!!!!....................... Please.....
There's many times there is a button I could push-I would never push that button-That's why I have the power to be able to push that button, because I wouldn't.. Dame Dash
Why didn't dame call nonblacks culture vultures during the rocafella days?
I Like The Franc... - PAUSE! lmao! Yea, baby! Harlem to Luxembourg - Get Ya' Cheddar!
17:51 A lot of people get famous and become dark 'cause of what they to had to do to get famous; *it takes a lot of your soul*  - Dame Dash -
I NEED THAT BIGGIE PORTRAIT!!!!!!!!!! HOW DO I GET IT?????
Dame real street dude real af I believe over Jay z anytime Jay-Z a good artist but a puppet a uncle Tom a cracker slave. Fuck niggas be like he got money why  you hating.
Dame gone be on top. N da end Jay sold out to be lyors Lil girl
If anyone doesn’t respect this dude’s candor, you’re the nerd he stays away from because you’re a victim of society’s mind conditioning to think differently from this type of mentality.
Dame is Lying about standing up for the weak. Seen him midtown shopping, he was walking out the store i was walking in and i was like ohh what's up dame...he said Get the Fuck away from me
Love Dame too, but Dame know about the casting couch.  He has to know what women and men are doing for celebrity.  Groupies and video vixen operated in a similar fashion.  People are attracted to power and willing to compromise for power.  Dame is ostracized because he wont bend the knee and kiss the ring.
I fugg wit dam but he's hypocritical right now. we don't turn a blind eye n Harlem but at the same time supporting no snitching....what's it gonna b fam?
That's me all the way, there's been a lot of times I had to stand alone, but for the truth it's worth it..
Dame if you listen to dame closely he defiantly always dropping jewels 💎 like a preacher only thing the preacher fake!
@ 25:29...Stacey Dash??? I thought they wasn’t cool. Can’t break family I guess.
He that rebuketh a man, afterward shall find more favor than he that flattereth with the tongue.\nProverbs 28:23 KJVA
Always got time for Dame..and big up yourself Kenyatta
Love this guy (Dame).  Because he always keeps it 100
Did you hear the contradiction, black dudes talk more bullshit,
I love how Dame talks over bro every time he tries to contribute to the convo 😂😂😂
wait are you saying Jay z is touring cause he needs the money? please let me know cause if you believe that with all due respect I have end this conversation and use my energy to debate with people who know better
keep up the great work
Perception is power. If u cant be a boss have a boss mentality.
Hold up if u run a company.....Can yu get voted out?
Damn is truth, he’s evolved into being king , he’s full of knowledge in this business world ✊🏽✊🏽
Dame is a underrated GOAT and always been mislead, but he speaks truth and facts but he been preaching shit before like he said became popular this is not the first situation either. I've been researching and learning about this dude for years now, I'm just 24 so I wasn't comprehending who he was as a child growing up. I love what he values, and that's himself, his people and family every powerful black man should, Kenyatta too and I have a great pleasure following these guys because of what they stand for. The devil is real and your independence, freedom, and integrity matters more than anything, nevere sell your soul, don't care what the price at the end is...I rather be poor, struggling but happy rather than rich, hot headed and depressed because people control my life/freedom f-- that. :| It's half the reason why a lot of rich ppl complaining or committing suicide now, the pressure is real out here in the fame world.  Thanks for this video fellas <3 x
I value Dame alot. Luv his perspective & perception. He delivers his messages with righteousness, genuineness, substance & quality. Money can't buy that! Dame Dash is priceless!No bs. Doesn't get the credit he deserves. I got nothing but respect & Luv 4 Dame & Kenyatta bc im big of positive energy & good character!
I swear even back in the days I digged Dame,  real dude and people let media and false perceptions take away that his is a true Black Icon who did for our people,  y'all need to recognize.
Great interview. You are going to be old longer than you will be young. Invest for your older self. Salute to dame.
Dame Blacked on Harvey in a Hollywood restaurant back in the day! And, because of it they blackballed him! Now look what happen! Dame was always 💯‼️
Dame has always been ahead of the curve smart man 💯 but he will never get his credit because he's not up how he use to be
Good Game. Thanks Kenyatta and Dame. Just subscribed please subscribe back.
Props to Dame for the code
Dame on point, always great content to help push the Culture in a forward progress. Appreciate the call to action guys. That's Wasss Up! 👌🏾
Spoken like a TRUE HARLEM CAT!!!!  LOVE DAME!!!  ALL THESE MUTHAFUCKA CONDOLING THESE FOUL DUDES
Dame always been solid. My guy
listen to his breakfast club interview from 12 min to 27 min some real gems take it in and learn
This is why I respect this man, because unlike other so call men in this world he has a thing he try to live by called honor and I think the world is lacking people that have a honor code and that the reason shit fuck up good echit code to live by.
WE LOVE U DD !!!!! \nENGINESHARK.COM
This nigga is a Harlem nigga so if you're not from n.y. or jersey most of what this nigga is saying is bullshit its a reason why he is in we t.v.
Typical sleazy,perverted, Hollywood Jews. Prop for Dame for standing up to him when everyone else bows. We get gangsta with our own and take shit from these devil's.
Dame dash is a legend truth love he stands for truth bless him and I stand with him. He should be the biggest mogul than jay z or other fake Money hungry dirty bastards
These jewels Dame dropping are truly priceless...he telling us the truth...so many ppl wouldn't dare to say what he did.
I doubt he knew everything that recently came out about Weinstein.  How you treat people definitely stands out pretty quick, but his discretions with these women was hidden.
Subscribed lets get dame back to the top again top dog ...to under dog ... back to top dog!
That moment when you learn that Paris and France are two different places
Dame been sayn dope sh$& ; however, this sum of the most insightful wisdom he's ever said. ✊🏾
So why this scumbag jayz work with Harvey knowing what he knew?  Homie does anything for money?
smart answer by dame. he never dived into the main person but related to the lessons he is trying to push
Sit back and be cool😎....most importantly have INTEGRITY!!!
Dame chill\nTake this video down\nThey did prodigy \nNobody safe\nU talkin that pedo shit\nTake this vid down\n\nHarvey is in this position cuz he wants to be in this position
Damon Dash: blahblahblahdahdahyapyapyapyapblah blahblahblahdahdahyapyapyapyapblah  blahblahblahdahdahyapyapyapyapblah  blahblahblahdahdahyapyapyapyapblah\n\nKenyatta: right\n\nDamonDash: blahblahblahdahdahyapyapyapyapblah blahblahblahdahdahyapyapyapyapblah  blahblahblahdahdahyapyapyapyapblah  blahblahblahdahdahyapyapyapyapblah\n\nKenyatta: right.
13 minutes 5 seconds in \n\nhttps://youtu.be/QQ5oqgJWJyw
Young and old analogy!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
Dope
Dame, I apologize.
Your interviews are hella Turnt up Fam
Dame is Judah
The realest
Good shit dame !
💪💪💪🤘📐📐📐
Dame so misunderstood
Long live Dame Dash.
Dont trust any white person
Get you a bevel my nigga
Hear you dame
Get em Dame!!!!
dame is right!
Dame Dash didnt lie
Much Respect my brother!!
Dame For President!!!2020
Dame Dash dat dude
greatness as usual!
DAME YOOU SHOULD MAKE A PODCAST
No outcry about Michael Jackson molesting young boys, now Weinstein happens.  Male bashing is gender-baiting.  High school guys molested by female teachers don't give a shit and physically strong enought to fight back unless they are pussies.  That is the truth.
HARVEY WEINSTEIN DEF BANGED OUT JAY Z
She's so smooth with how she glides across the room. She has the same classy sensuality as Aaliyah and Sade. It's a rare gem in music nowadays!
I never knew that I needed this.\nBut I needed this.\nI dont know what I dont know.
Does anyone know the engineers on this record?
This is beautiful, all of it
love the song, reminds me of some Kaskade  downtempo tracks
Damnn The Beat With Her Voice 💦💦😍😍
thank you for coming to Texas!
Really loved the visual in this video. Love the outfit. Classy & sexy.
She's beautiful to the point where it's almost scary...and that's far from a bad thing
And shout out to her stylist we see y'all doing the damn thing 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Im in awe of Sabrina's beauty and grace. It's 1 in a million. Aaliyah would be so proud.
and,,, im in love now
Thnku RM for introducing us to this amazing artist💕
I'm in a trans
I can't wait to see where Sabrina goes next with her music I'M SOO READY TO SEE HER PROGRESS
Such a beauty queen with an angelic voice
THIS SONG WILL NOT STOP PLAYIN' IN MY HEAD....I'm not complaining either :)
All her album is a masterpiece❤
Woo....im over here needing oxygen. Wow. Sabrina, youve done it again. Absolutely beautiful piece youve put together here. I gotta say, no one looks through a camera and into a soul better than you. Just wow
Sabrina looks like the daughter of Selen Gomez and Kehlani
her and daniel casear on a song together pleaseeee
She is such a vision.. omg.. she has such a hypnotizing beauty, you can’t take your eyes off of her. The concept, the visuals of this video are flawless!
That sweet ass does not come out of my mind. Sabrina 10/10.
s h o o k e t h\nh\no\no\nk\ne\nt\nh
Sassy sweet..
Euphoric. Mesmerizing. Beautiful. Captivating.
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
so chill, love this!
This video is very aesthetically pleasing
I stan for Sabrina. She's ultra feminine. 🌸
Yesss I’m living for this! ♥️♥️
Favorite song right now. Anybody else?
I play this song to sleep!
This is my song love it
I cannot get enough of her voice. It pierces into the soul. I've been listening to her all day long. Astounding....
I can't stop watching 💜
She needs to do a dancing video or something. \nugh she’s so sexy
i swear i am the only one who listens you from Turkey, BIGGEST AND ONLY FAN IN TURKEY
Her voice makes me feel happy.
How can you be more and more beautiful in every video???
shes an absolute goddess. Aint no doubt about it
I love that outfit​ 😭
Her videos are so atheistically pleasing and her music is easy to listen to. A+ 👌🏽
she's so beautiful and sexy and pure , In love with her and her music
My fave track on the album!!
This is my  birthday present. I'm borne on 16 oct. :)  Amazing sound ✌️
Beautiful and sexy! Love the song and video. Album is so DOPE!
Issa Vibe !!! This kind of music is special; it’s food for the soul !!! ........let me go find my wine 🍷
What a definition of a celestial being.
Simple, beautiful visuals. The DP did a great job.\n\nThis is my favorite song on the album without a doubt.\nCan you imagine having sex with the love of your life as this plays in the background?
i'm stuck between wanting to be her, and wanting her.
So when’s the tour sis
Now, all I need is a music video for Used To because this album can be a bomb visual one too.
OMG, this song was the bomb. com!!!!!
You should collaborate with Ariana Grande. You both sound so much alike. :)
You put this together with the visual Unstoppable by Lianne la havas and you have one thing \nL I F E
i love how she plays with light
she’s so goddamn talented. i cant wait until she blows up
You blew me away with this album girl! ❤️ My boyfriend already knows the lyrics to this song cause I’ve had it on repeat basically since the day it came out 😭
Finally...for all the goddesses out here!
Didn't think I could replay something more than your new album.\nI was wrong. 😍
Forget paloma Ford and SYD, Sabrina Cluadio is Here to stay
I liked that she switched it up with a little dance moves. Still as elegant as the rest of her videos. Her voice is so intoxicating!
WOW, JUST WOW. how can someone be so sexy and seductive as her? It's crazy
You give me strong Sade vibes...hypnotic,sexy,melodic. I love your music!
Perfection and nothing else 🙌🏾🙌🏾❤️
Diosa.
This woman is oozing with exquisiteness. gaaaawd.
Sultry, Soulful, and Sensual!
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Moving painting.
She did that!
My fucking mamacita
She is aesthetic goals!!! 😍
Alguien podría decirme que genero de música es este por favor. Me fascina\n\nY recomendarme mas artistas similares por favor.
love ya!!😍
This vibe is so damn finee
🔥🔥🔥
Song makes me feel sexy
She a Vampire. LOL
You give me chills. Always.
Fashion icon 💖 so classy ...
Love!!
Simplicity + Sensuality = Perfection girl!!!!
That ending tho 😍😍😍
So goood❤️❤️❤️
Goosebumps. Every. Time.
Sabrina, you beautiful creature 💕
: )
Love this....so mesmerizing!!
love love love beautiful
My gurl is blossoming so beautifully 🌸
Too Underrated
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT
She's amazing
sab is fine as fuck wowwww
Omg this my new favorite 😍😂😂
Got to the 1 minute mark and immediately added this to my not pulling out playlist
i love her but i think she either should learn how to dance or she shouldn’t dance at all
Everytime I watch her music videos I realize once again that I’m gay af
I'm an Arsenal fan with a new channel so if any of you have time to check out my vids I'd appreciate it so much 🙏🏽 (Remember to sub if you enjoy! 💪🏽)
Arsenal are just shit it's simple
This guy only supports arsenal because he was born in the 90s and was a glory hunter now he can't take that arsenal are shit I love it you should support Luton you mug !!!! Arsenal fans are such mugs
I'm United fan ✍🏽❤️❤️☝🏻️✍🏽 I think Ancelloti is good for Arsenal
Watford came to that match with no fear...Arsenal defence is not strong enough
if you can't score park the bus
someone should punch dt in the mouth
Oh arsenal we hate you COME ON YOU SPURS🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
Graceless meltdown response from DT that.
This nightmare will continue until Wenger and the board are out.... end of.
I'm not a arsenal fan but dt makes this channel very interesting
When Welbeck misses he's bambi on ice, when Ozil misses it's not his fault because he didn't deliberately miss.
let robbie talk for Christ sake
Chill out..lol..its only football..well not in Arsenals world.😎
He seems to have a speech afliction.
Hit the nail on the head. Major underlying problems. You can't polish a turd
Ozil must go,he is a complete shit
Arsenal should be added to 1000 ways to die.
DT was stupid. ....no player misses deliberately. ...get a grip and stop defending ozil
Thats too strong, thats too strong Robbie SHFU DT!! Ozil is overrated and let the fans down. He does not care! I agree Wenger, Kroenke, Gazidis and so on are the main problem. Instead of buying Ozil, they should have pushed for Higuain. But, Arsene is indecisive and as soon as another club competes for a player, he buckles! We gave in to Napoli for a measley 2 mil. pounds. Then he should have used the buy back clause to get Cesc back the following season. Cesc is way better than Ozil in my opinion, and I have been saying this for years! I was saying during the Watford game, please do not let Ozil enter the pitch, bring on Wilshere who is hungry! I also felt he should have sold Sanchez as he does want to be at the club, but Wenger is clueless and undecisive. This goes much deeper than the issues I have portrayed and we have to put up with at least 2 more seasons with Wenger :(
Man City is slapping things up cause they make it rain cash on that cash club, what ya expect?
arsenal fantv is more entertaining than their games
Love this
Robbie if you ask a question then have the decency to let the other person answer, stop cutting them short
Subscriber to me if you want arsene Wenger to be sacked
DT is the only one who is level headed enough not to blame Ozil for missing his chance.
Not only Watford laughing at the Arse.Ffs...just fukin accept you ain't all that and believe me you won't get soooo carried away with your shite performances and lack of bollocks in your team.\nThis is not a dig at your club, just a statement of fact.\nI'm west ham...I know we're shite so I'm never suprised when we put in shite performances on the pitch.\nIt's like England FC,Does anybody seriously believe we'll win the WC next year?\nNo?Why?Cos we know we ain't good enough.Iceland ffs.\nSo don't get suprised when a good Watford team who never say die roll you over.\nRing Ring....reality calling.
Surely I'm not the only one that has watched this for over 3 times
His from Luton and support arsenal lol wt mug
Emre Can in the background
Canadian mass sensitive opinion demonstrate wisdom report historically necessity.
Why does he think Ozil is really good at the moment he's doing shit
This guy needs to learn how to direct his aggression!
this shameless creature called robbie my name is desperate larry no no bob smith
Watford played well, they got lucky. They added new players and they only recently become a decent side. I give em respect
A major problem is this strange accent that seems to be prevalent across the UK. What happened to regional dialects?
Ozil missed is not that dramatic. Players like messi , ronaldo missed easier situation like those very often.  Agree with DT , letting fans down is a word too harsh to use.
It's more offside than your belly!
Love the way DT shut that mug up lol.
‘We’re a top 6 team’ shut up😂😂😂😂😂😂
I wish I was as tough as DT he's so dangerous
I feel bad for Sanchez and Özil, they deserve to play in a better team. They are world class players
ha ha ha ha ha he comes from luton  why ent he sayin fam and blood anymore non stop i thought he was from jamaica the other week
This guy is such a mug
BMT HE DOES NEED TO STOP TAKING LACAZETTE OFF AFTER 65 MINUTES, ITS SO JARRING, LET HIM FINISH THE GAME
I love DT! Mate, if you ever make it to Houston Texas(I don't know why) I'll buy you a few pints. You are my favorite Gunner along with Robbie!
What a mincer DT is. Better chance of him bumming you than fighting you.
Tell me how this guy actaully had some pretty good points and then he brought up Arse Wenger
Fat Robbie he always put the blame Ozil for arsenal lost thanks DT for defending Ozil
DT just imagine how good it is to be a tim winning every single week fucken amazing also up the ra🇮🇪🇮🇪
It's not just Wenger, It's Ozil, and every other player on that team. All garbage, Sanchez playing like garbage on purpose because he's stuck in a trash can of a club. complete overhaul needed.
The thing about Arsenal is there to flat, they need to use there big name players to attract more talent. That’s why Arsenal need to spend yeah Lacazette decent but is he really going to attract world class players? Cause the CL looks miles away now
To be fair its not just Watford fans who are laughing at you hahahaha Muppets.
After every arsenal game here's my next stop happy to see at least we're the best in something
I'd like u to see run a football club we will see arsenal in the championship
Arsenal are a joke
Watford 2 1 arsenal ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
#4 on trending. Robbie is laughing his head off haha
Go arsenal tv
How can someone be so evil... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo22Al8H7GU
Arsenal have most stupid fans. They get spit into face almost every week and they keep saying its just raining...
Im a united fan but i watch more arsenal fan tv just for the laughs
He's from Luton looooool
2:20 and 4 minutes later says 6:17. You know, because he's such a rationale man
ozil is demanding big money, to compensate for the lack of ambition of the club.
Blah, blah, blah, arsenal will win the f.a cup, and europa this season, and you will still be bitchin, what more you lot want,
I'm glad the fa banned the Watfords player for diving. A nice 3 game ban
Lmao after so much shit talking ozil's miss I went to see it. It's a common damn miss. World class players miss chances like that very often. Arsenal's problem is that they have very few chances like that, so whenever someone misses, it's a freaking tragedy.
I hate arsenal and one day I will take over the world and make all of you work In a death camp
watching totenham's against real madrid made me realise how extremely below par Arsenal is, Arsenal is slowly becoming a Mid Table team right before our  very own eyes!!!!
Everytime Arsenal loses a match, this guy get richer.
Be a million views soon
h
My favourite part 2:05
DT Kissing Ozil Arse again. Did Iwobi miss deliberately? Ozil is ex Real Madrid, Iwobi is ex academy🤓
gobshite
THIS FAT TRAMP THINKS HES HARD LOL
He speaks alot of sense tbf
Man's from Luton. Proper stinky gypo!
arsenal fans  pure entertainment 😂😂
LMAO. Yid Army!
😂
https://youtu.be/o3yJT4zyNaA
Arsenal. Arse nil.  Lol
Sub plz
😄😃😂😁😀😊😁😂😯😄😉c'mon you spurs
WENGER PLEASE GO
It's called gettn owned. Ohhhhhhhh
Arsenal COMEDY TV 📺😂😁
How is Watford>Arsenal
YOUUUUUUUUU HORNSSSSSSS
Girls love me
Behave will ya !!
Now afctv have views
Deeney wasn't offside ozil should have scored . DT is just noise
Whine whine whine. Try being a Bolton supporter
you horns
Hahahahahahaha Arsenal suck spurs rule !!!!!!
Do you not think all this shit is getting boring now?
Robbie repeating You're a world class player big money blah blah blah. about Ozil is so dumb.  Ozil ain't MUFC RVP in 2012. It's like he's reading a personality plus trait on FIFA. Cristiano Ronaldo is the best player in the world and even he missed a sitter recently. MUFC bitches
We should at least reach 1 million in this channel..fighting lights!! 💪💪
Don't give up!! Let's keep on streaming and get as close to 3M views as possible before 10/22 deadline! :) Who knows CEO YOON YONG YANG LEE SON might take pity on us if they see our efforts. Hwaiting Lights!!!!
I really want both dance practice video! 😭😭
The lyrics of this song gives me hope 🙏🏼💯
Yoseob is the most precious and cutest grown man ever.. Man. Place him and Xiumin together and tell them to do aegyo and I can assure you a lot of people will die of fangirling that day xD
Thank you guys for sticking together and produce good music. May only good things happen to you guys. Highlight fighting 😉😉😉😉
I really love this song/video 😭😭😭 And I like how it kind of continues from their last song calling you too. Cuz in a way, it's like they're saying oh you may go through hard times, like how they broke up with people in the last mv and were distressed, but that things like that will pass and you'll make more good memories eventually. \n\nAnd also how you don't always have to depend on romantic relationships, or think that they have to be your one goal in life. That instead, you can put your focus on self love first and that it's okay to do so, and that you shouldn't think you're lesser of a person if you do. Also that you don't have to force yourself to change for other people, just that you should do what feels best. \n\nAnd they're also doing such a great job- highlighters are used to highlight important stuff, and that's just what they're doing 😭 \n<3 HIGHLIGHT\n<3 BEAST\n<3 B2ST
They're so precious to me. I really mean it.\nI try to like, to stream, to love another group but truthly I can't. And i don't know why. I already fallen for highlight @ beast. \n\nWhen I with highlight, I can feel they positive vibes. They aura as artist. As singer. I dont mean others group didn't have this all but there are different with highlight. I try to stan another group, but I still can. Even the most popular one or the biggest one, they can never and ever make me to far away from highlight. Cause HIGHLIGHT and LIGHT means to be together.\n\nWell guys, even our boys says the chart is not important but I think they still deserve what they should get. Even we cant get 2M, 3M or 5M PLEASE DON'T BE SAD. It CAN BE BETTER if we stand together along the journey with HIGHLIGHT. \n\nHIGH is for LIGHT.\nMake them LIGHT shining HIGH in the sky.\nLove and passion from Malaysia.
Highlight are so extra <3 gotta love them xD Finally I got the chance to check their comeback! 0:20 if this ain't me x)
i'm imagining AU staffs and our CEOs having a meeting and talk about how they can't release the dance practice vids because the views wasn't enough till deadline, and then one of the boys just says, yah just release it, it's our anniversary we should give them gifts HAHAHAHAH I'M IMAGINING THINGS BUT PLS BE GENEROUS W US 😭😭😭
*To Lights all over the world.*\nI just want to say be strong. Being shaded by the ex-agency is inevitable. And in the future too there will be others who want to put down Highlight. We should be proud and happy that Highlight has escaped that agency and now they can freely do what they want to do. I believe we get stronger and stronger as a fandom after every bad things we've experienced. This one too shall pass. Everything can be better!
This song came out the same day i got my exam result.... n thankz to this song i feel cheer up again as the result was something hav happened n i cant return back to the time to change it. So what can i do is appreciate the future to redeem back my mistake.
The reason why calling HIGHLIGHT is bringing us bright side.
In case you read my comment, please stream *Highlight - Can Be Better official MV* . \nWe need at least *3M* views in total for dance practice video *(5M for Celebrate)* .\nKeep sharing the video and stream on different devices. Fighting!!!
Another great song by them, not even a surprise. Definitely gonna be replaying this endlessly
Why i watch this video make me laugh every minutes >_< :D
guyssss I'm happy our ceo's nominated for best vocal group andddddddddddd song of the year!!!!guysssssss let vote for them in MAMA..🙌🙌🙌🙌
still here streaming...\nsuch slow views...
It's a joke that Highlight isn't nominated for best new male group in MAMA \n\n\n\n\n\nOr maybe this comment is the joke, I'm not sure
Im a new light and i love this song so much *-*
I felt genuinely sad for the phone that dropped into the train omg
Vote to HIGHLIGHT now http://mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/vote
I'm still laughing replay n replay this MV 😂 I'M SUPER HAPPY WITH THIS SONG!! HIGHLIGHT♡ 🔊🎤🎶🎶🎶
I have been streaming like crazy on my phone, laptop and no progress😔
Everyone, please do not stop streaming the MVs coz there's still smile version waiting for us!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I just love how simple and fun the MV is and this song is amazing of course! Wouldn't expect anything less from legendary veterans!! Highlight 💓💓💓💓
i was too focused watching whats going on in this mv that i didnt even listen to the song hahaha
My first fandom . BEAST !! Yoseobie , i hate you . Why you so cute ?
Let's vote them on MAMA, they deserve it
We still have time . All we need now is keep streaming . Dont dim your light please
Keep watching lights 💕💡💡💡💡💡
please!! keep streaming on this channel... fighting light.
Just keep streaming Lights we can still have Smile version. Just enjoy the song and let's celebrate the 8th Anniversary of Beast/Highlight!
Wow! I really like this song and MV. thanks, HIGHLIGHT!
I'm sorry.. we can't to do 3 mln watching 😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥 i love u boys so much 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
LIGHT where r u guys??? :(
Ok... im back again to this video... soo love in this... they are gettin more cuter and handsome... idk, maybe im dreaming... but i just cant get enough... a month ago its gikwang make new song and now beast... omg, im dying...
A chair empty for waiting someone. I hope that day will be come true.
Oh my god, they are so cute in their roles in here😂😅
The epic randomness is sooooo highlight. Exactly the reason why I love these dorks.
A 8th anniversary gift 💝 has been prepared by our CEOs, it is just see whether we can keep streaming the MV and reach 3M by Oct 22. 💡 fighting!
We need to reach at least 3 million :( pleaseee
They are just so cool... I love them..
HIGHLIGHT = ART\nWell done, My babies ♡♡
I love the 2 youngest, 👦🏻 dw & 👦🏻gk screen! Both are adorable and funny 😄
I love to see them having a good time un this MV. I love them so fuc*** muuuuuch!! 😍😍😍😍
#Don'tstop #keeptrying #loveyou :)
les's streaming guys...
마마 엠넷 아이돌챔프 아지톡 투표 부탁드려요 🙏\nhttp://mcountdown.mnet.interest.me\nhttp://m.mwave.me/kr/mama/vote-index\nhttp://www.idolchamp.com/app_proxy.html?type=vote&id=vote_500_453\n뮤비 많이 봐주세요🙏\nhttps://youtu.be/ZJy8tsVEo9I\nhttps://youtu.be/WZkGjxy-fz0
The total views stilll 0.9M less from 3M...but now only 39 hours left....To show your support, Fighting!
i love ya' ohh
💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Fighting HIGHLIGHT! <3 <3 <3
I hope you'll always be together oppa deul.. Happily 😆😆😆\nSaranghae.. Yeongwonhi.. 😊😊😊
It's funny 😁😁
HIGHLIGHTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT😍😍😍😍😍😍😗😗😗😗😗😗
Is it me or this is the BEST mv EVER! ❤
i  didnt know that chicken can jump 360..
Guys! Remember to vote for highlight :)
I love you so much guys!
Yoseob looks like a teenager ❤ love this song ❤❤
You guys are love 😘 fightinggg... \nReally enjoy the music, can be better, makes my day ❤
Highlight - Can Be Better English Lyrics & Pronunciation\nhttp://kpoply.com/highlight-can-be-better-lyrics-english-romanization
I really happy for them ❤❤
The views is so slow. Why? Hwaiting..
they did guerilla just now at DDP..imagine if i passing by at DDP today..😍😍 love highlight..daebak😊
how can they not like this? i love this song so catchy <3
Last they have icecreams!They are so cute!!!
The view of such slow growth, we will miss dance practice. Lights, where are you? Highlights will be very sad when digital rankings are not good and the yotube view is the same
<3
Yoseob kiyoooo
Mr Yong chicken
Troi oi than tuong cua toi
846 451
what is aging?
Marry me seobie!!
852,825 10:35
❤❤💙❤💙❤❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤❤
850,748 08:01 KST
Me encantaaaaaan ♡
노래 너무 좋아ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ 오빠들 진짜 사랑해요❣️
it's so good
22/10/2017
842,396
Omg idaaaaa
hmm....
*Highlight invented bops*
😂😂
832327
Always the best !
Love you highlight♥♥♥
Stream MV please
831,270 views
love HIGHLIGHT <3
:D
streaming
💞💞💞💞💞
So cute
At this rate we will fail at gettin the CBB choreo mv 😭😭😭😭😭
Is that the guy from i can see youre voice ?
For everyone to know *this video is from 2012*
Storm Ophelia just blew the roof of my local football (soccer) pitch!
All these celebrities that have been SOOO full of virtue were ALL complicit with the sexual deviancy of Holywood. They all knew what was going on and did nothing until someone else had the balls to speak up. Actors and musicians = Hypocrites! ...Golywood is DEAD to me now.
Number one on trending in UK is a fat pervert standing next to a road talking to two women........fantastic
Harvey looks relaxed here, like he just got a massage.
There are actual atrocities being commited the world over and this bollocks makes the news. People actors and actresses couldnt be more full of shit.
Vid ends at 1:15 thank me in money.
Showbiz types hug.  It's insincere and means nothing. Hence the term air kiss.  If you think everyone who puts their arm around a  showbiz colleague actually likes them you're beyond naive.  I believe Weinstein's wife was present here too. This clip invites the usual suspects falling over themselves to suggest this exchange is meaningful in any way and we get the usual misogynistic epithets being so casually expressed. Depressing stuff.
if body language is anything to go by shes incredibly aroused &displaying sexual interest in a) Weinstein.. or b) the tall black bodyguard behind him\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nfor her sake i hope its the bodyguard :/
Alot more harvey shitstains still out there, they must be pulling some serious favours with the media tycoon's, who of course are also upto no good, so much for the media lmao,The  Lamestream Media's day's are numbered.
Must be true then I mean what’s not to believe when its coming from an ex junkie who was probably of her face at the time.
This video shows nothing incriminating, just Harvey looking like a creepy old man
THIS WAS FUCKING 2012, SHE PROBABLY DIDN'T EVEN KNOW BACK THEN!!!
FFS SHE IS LITERALLY SMILING AND LAUGHING WHAT IS WRONG IN THAT OMG IT WAS IN 2012 TOOOOOO
The only reason an attractive woman would ever touch or flirt with a fat and disgusting man is if she's after his money.\n\n\n\nI know this from experience.
Paedophile who travelled from Southall to Slough to meet a 13 year old girl is caught...\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqD2CDI84z8
HARVEY THE DOUCHEBAG GOT AWAY WITH ALL THIS STUFF FOR SO LONG. I BET HE SAID SOMETHING TO UPSET THE ZIONISTS WHO CONTROL HOLLYWOOD SO THEY HAVE EXPOSED HIM TO RUIN HIM. WHAT GOES AOUND COMES AROUND, THATS JUSTICE. HE WAS SCREWING PEOPLE THAT DIDNT WANT IT, NOW HE IS GETTING SCREWED AND DOESNT WANT IT
Why is this on trending if it was uploaded over 5 years ago?
GUYS THIS VID IS FROM 2012
This is fucking old I'm Suprised That this is Trending
A lot of women gained their fame by being nice.. their Masters didn't mean it would be a 1 time deal though.\n#GoodOleDays
OMG fuck off with this shit it's all over the news we don't need it to be trending we get it! he's a bad person! sick of hearing about this guy.
How is this 1st in trending
He’s good \nBut he’s not quite jimmy savile
Yeah but when was this?
Any context? When was this filmed?
Okay this guy abused his power no doubt but got laugh at the sluts who willingly gave him what he wanted to not risk damaging their career. Obviously their dignity and self respect went out the window with some of them
Trying to reach 20k views I’m on 17k please help,me get views by watching my videos please 😆😆
BITCOIN MINER APP FROM WINDOWS WITH GPU AND CPU \nBest BTC Adder Daily 0.53 BTC Without Any Investment DOWNLOAD  http://goo.gl/vpWEUa
Hos still want the Weinstein weiner guess it doesn't matter what you do as long as you're rich enough
How old is this though
YouTube's algorithm is awful. This should not be trending
Can not judge what happened by watching this.
Dont watch this video .... \nI repeat its a trap. Dont watch this video\nhttps://youtu.be/W7GY8HPG-pc
YouTube is a shit platform
Good to see him enjoying himself.
WHY IS THIS NUMBER 1 ON TRENDING? WTF!
this is just now trending.... hmm
More proof the trending page is a waste of time.
🐰If you subscribe to me and i will  subscribe back 🐰plz 🐰
Why is this trending? They just stood their and did nothing. What was this video supposed to show?  I don't understand!
Are a list actresses prostitutes then?
theres a minute video thats 5 years old of someone standing by a road on 1. trending\n\ncome on youtube get your shit together
HONESTLY YOUTUBE WTF IS THIS ON NUMBER ONE TRENDING
Woah. A video on trending that has nothing to do with Anti Trump
I don't condone sexual abuse in any form, but why do all these women attack him now? Seems so opportunistic, he is a bag of dung well and truly but really are they any better than him for keeping this a secret for so long?
*The shit youtube make trending...*
God, Jessica is all bullshit, she's so hypocrite. My respect for courtney, she has the face of I don't wanna be here . But in the end of the day, she was there, so, her fault too.
Harvey Weinstein may be an asshole but all those hollywood actresses are just lying fakes. They literally whore themselves for a role.\nOf course not they act all outraged on twitter because the dude served his purpose.\n\nFAKE WHORES.
Hollywood whores will suck a small, circumcised kike cock for a role but cry rape when it suits them.\n\nHarvey Cum Shot for the Plant Pot Weinstein did nothing wrong even though he's a nasty kike.
Y’all know this clip is from 2012 right? Before any of Weinstein’s victims came out about any of the abuse? It’s really sad seeing all these people in the comments talking shit about Jessica, especially since it was BEFORE the allegations.
Have to be honest here, Jessica Chastain  is extremely over-rated as an actress & for a shit actress she is in so many big budget Hollywood films & as the open secrets in Hollywood are coming out on a daily basis, I can see how she has been cast in so many films, the mattress on her back helps, hence the uninvited hug for Weinstein.
It's easy with all the women claim to be molested by Weinstein: you fuck me, you make me famous. That was the deal. Now they feel regret and claim sexual abuse. Gimme a fucking break. I hope the entire dregs get pulled up. Destroy Hollywood
Looks like he’s landed a 4some by promising lead roles for all of them #mogulpaedophile
why the hell 5 yo video is trending? wtf, YT broken again/still?
I am a single black Jamaican man. Looking for married. I have a fat long black dick for you single ladies. Just what's app me at. +18768127504
Whats the meaning/point of this video?
Who are these people and why is it first on trending?
Follow me on YouTube. I got put on Mcdonald’s website so please can we all help eachother out and help eachother hit others goals. Mine is 500, comment yours! Cheers stay positive
Sweet, Party on Guys! Oh god...
SO THIS IS WHITE PRIVILEGE NO ARREST AND IS ALOUD TO GO TO CLINIC HE SHOULD BE ON REMAND IN JAIL WTF SO MANY HAVE COME FORWARD AND WHAT...I CAN GUESS HIS BACKGROUND ITS NEXT TOO PALESTINE THE WORLD CAN SEE YOU...THE RIDE WILL STOP YOU HAVE CAUSED TO MUCH TROUBLE SUPPORT IS FALLING LIKE THE WALLS OF JERICHO...IN MY OPINION
Pot calling the kettle black these dirty Hollywood perverts don't no if they are coming or going.that also includes these actresses coming forward where were you when he first did somthing why not go to the police like a normal person. You chose not to because you sold your self . Now when your other pervert masters have gone sour with Weinstein they have asked all the perverted actresses to step in all the same thing a bunch of dirty sexual preditors and hoes
I hate drump supporters they do shit like harvey weinstein did(rape women).. its cus of trumps attitude for women grab them by the pussy and how they can get away with this sh*t because they are rich. disgusting
video was too long. Halfway through it, I got hungry so I left it playing and went to the kitchen to fix my self a sandwich. But then I found out that I'm out of mayonnaise so I went to a store. There, I saw the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my whole life. But I'm really a shy person so I took up a three-year personality development course so I can introduce my self. She was very friendly and all, but unfortunately, she has a boyfriend. So I said, all good, I'm a mature person. I want the best for her and I harbor no illusion that I am the best person for her and she seems happy with her boyfriend, so I did not bother her anymore. But we kept in touch and we became friends and I got over my crush on her. Then she broke up with her boyfriend, we drank some alcohol because of it, I told her she'll be fine and I wished her well. I still think she's the most beautiful woman in the world, but like I said, I am over my crush on her. It was like five years already when I first saw her. Besides, I am quiet happy with the friendship I developed with her. It was more important than a crush. So we kept hanging out, drinking, having coffee, and all. I had a girlfriend, she started dating other guys. My girlfriend wants to live some other life without me in it, so I said, okay, I want the best for you and I want you to pursue your happiness. My lady friend and I drank alcohol about it, and she gave me the same advice I gave her when she was in that position and I became okay with the breakup immediately. But we were really drunk, so she spent the night in my apartment. I only have one bed, so you know what that means: She took the bed and I slept on the couch. But on the couch, I really can't sleep. Something was bothering me. So I tossed and turned for about three hours, then I finally can't take it anymore, I stood up and went straight to my room where she's sleeping. I approached the bed, gently sat on it and I reached for her shoulder to pull her closer to me. She stirred and woke up. She asked what's up. I told her, you know, the first time I saw you, I was watching a video and left it playing to get my self a sandwich then went to the store to get some mayo then I got distracted by life that I forgot to finish the video. She said, you know what, I've been wondering about a weird noise in your night drawer. So we opened that drawer, and lo and behold, there's my phone and this video still has two minutes of play time on it.
0:54 - Damn that hug just screams desperation. So this basically proves most actresses prostitute themselves to rich producers just to get famous! \n\nHOLLYWOOD IS FULL OF GOLD DIGGING SLUTS JUST READY FOR THE CHANCE TO FUCK AND SUCK THEIR WAY TO THE TOP!
Bagoporkrinds sniffs little boys bike seats.
😲💩
200 likes 800 dislikes!\nBut 11 on trending?
Paparazzi's are molesters
Video from 2012. Trending on YouTube...you sad fucks.
Soooooo what happened
..and ?
All these delicious thumbs down from delusional people lol
Why is this trending?
Why is this shit trending?
Sweet, Party on Guys!.....
#1 on trending?
Put him with some baboons
https://youtu.be/ebeoacmAhXc ur welcome
Evil
Your trending number uno #1
http://qm.ee/00F7EF7D
Terrorist from america ...jooish terrorists
WTF I see nothing!??
B
trending after 5 years?
whores
https://youtu.be/IfqyIKa78                       https://youtu.be/MdehnE_9IuQ\nhttps://youtu.be/p9tCqNoWDdw\nhttps://youtu.be/F4E6Ma7xn6s
Thats Amy Adams
Why is this trending lol
5 years old
Hollywood hypocrites
#Trend1
DAMNNN BOIIII THAT WAS INSANE HOLY CRAPPP NO WAYYY :O
Wow he definitely did all those bad things people say! I mean look at this woman trying to escape his rapist grasp
The CIA is using this Weinstein drama to cover up Vegas.
Gross. Harvey may have raped some women, but think about the hundreds actresses who whored themselves out for movie roles and fame. Hollywood is so disgusting.
Now it makes you wonder did these actresses get to the top from their talent of acting or talent of sucking cock... 🤔🙈
So that's how Jessica Chastian climbed up the hollywood ladder
Casting Couch baby
Dodo is 100 times better than that tiger production. Dodos video are PURE funny with absolutely no abuse
Im sorry i died at the speed up😂
AHAHahaha I saw 3 dogs. Wrong... 4 and so excited buddy
This must be the greatest park ever!
Where are we? Park? Omg omg omg omg omg omg!!! Omgomg omg omg omg omg omg omgo omg omg omg omg omgo mg omg omg! Omgo omg omg! Okay. Is everyone good now?
There are too many Pointers in this video. So many, in fact, that I am out of breath just from watching it :^)
We have the same conversation in my car
0:25 lmao
I'd like to point out how loud that got.
“Okay. Everyone good now?” He says before turning the car around and driving home.
How is this amusing. It raises the excitement level of the pack and distracts the driver. If he crashed the car all of those dogs would be propelled forward through the windscreen. Would that be amusing and on YouTube!
I can't help but think of the cat lady syndrome..even though this is a man with many dogs.
love how the owner never stops smiling
yep that's my life. My dogs do the same thing and it doesn't matter how many times a week we go they still act like it's been years and it's just the most amazing thing in the world and to them it is which makes me so very happy.  But seriously ... The Barking in the car can be a bit much so I feel that guy's pain.
I've never seen so many dogs in one car. I can barely deal with one in my car.
I mean. \nI guess going \nto the park is ok 😕
I wanna see what happened when they reach..... 😛😛
nice video...\nbut some doggy seat belts would have been perfect
Two cute.......  4 dogs. That's impressive. Just make sure anymore dogs U get R rescue dogs coz they so much need homes.
Hahaha... they are just like little kids.  :)
I know it's a lot of hassle but... It'd be much safer for your fur babies to all be in the back with harnesses.  If you got in an accident the one in the front could be injured by the airbags and the others could become projectiles.\n\nI can tell they are very loved and well cared for... Just wanted to share a safety tip. 💕
Now that's what I call one excited happy bunch of GSP's!!
MY GOD!!!!  4 German Shorthairs!!!   DUDE i don't know how you do it?  My hats off to you!
I have a GSP sweet dog never barks only for seconds when we leave to go hunting only if I have a gun. Around house or yard never I think she's always hunting !
Is this what heaven looks like?
I fricken love this , but it's a little dangerous to have dogs lose in the car like that. Still cute as hell though
Some say they are still howling today
Plot twist he's taking them to the vet.
From their perspective,everythings are moving while they're at rest.....and it's sooo weird
Our dog does this on the way to the pool at my brothers house.
Dodo for the deaf. I like it.
what breed is that
I like how the last dog just pushed her way thru. Thought there were 3, and then, pop! There's a 4th.\n😄🐕🐶🐕🐶💕🌻🌴🍁🍂
If the driver-owner can handle all those dogs, he can handle anything.  One is enough for me.  Friend has two and that's okay too.
German Short Haired Pointers are the best breed bar none. These are a bit agitated but usually they are the most calm and collected dogs on the planet. I had one growing up and again as an adult I had one. Smart, sympathetic, playful, but they know when it is time to be laid back. Many fond memories. Hopefully when I am ready to get another dog it will be a GSP.
Why do you need all those dogs! Mental problems
they sound like little children being kidnapped
As cute as it is it always makes me a bit nervous seeing pets unsecured in vehicles.
Ahhh.. The lovely sound of dogs.
That got old real quick...
hopefully he's not a hunter...
You need a bigger car.
that's a rowdy bunch there!!!!
I always walked her off her leash.Besides I own a ranch and all the dogs out here are never leashed.I never had a problem with her. A dog is only as good as it owner..
Who doesn’t love to go to the park? It’s a fun place for everyone yay! 😅😅❤️
Hey! Get in the back.. hahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahh \n\nThis is funny. It's so cute though
Wonder what the furry kids do when dad tells them it's bath time. Lol
Beautiful dogs. The one that came from the backseat to the front, looks like he’s got a brown hood on. Too cute.. all of them!
Me in the future, I swear.
How cool is that?
Cute, but not too smart.  Not the state of mind for four large dogs entering a dog park.
XD SO FUNNY  WE NEED MORE
Oh my goodness! Those boys are EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
Awesomely cute video! Thanks for sharing :)
Haha! So many excitements!
happy dog's!
😂😂😂😂😂
Haha best 👌
Just like Kids!
ahaha! How cute!?
Freedumb is everywhere
sooo excited 💕💕💕😘😘😘
0:25 birds chirping 🤣🤣
That’s hilarious!!!!
🐕❤️
0:17 'hey guys wuts goin on?
aaww
Lol aw
Happy Dogs
They turned into chipmunks haha
Beautiful dogs.
Awesome!
So cute!
😂
Cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute!
Hahaha
Great
Its a HOWLRide
Damn dogs😂😂😂
Sound like justin bieber fangirls
Doggy Disneyland!!😃
My ears have exploded
Life's simple pleasures ...
Just like little kids
sooo cute
No no no no not da vet!!!\n\n\nDun dun duuuuuuun
It reminded me when I used to bring my dog to the mountain... she couldn't wait until we got there... I miss her so much.
Why kind of dogs are these?
How stupid is that not to have dogs safely secured in the car
Awwww! You have a lovely tribe of liver dogs 😊💕💛❤️ I loved their musical howls hehehe
People always say this but....who would dislike this?? Like, the titles are never click bait, you're never subjected to aggressive pro animal rights mantras, only ever given show animals love, so people can't even complain that they're having opinions shoved down their throat....its just plain ol cute videos of cats & dogs....
Lol....adorablesness😘
The only issue I have with many of these videos, is lack of secure restraint of animals in moving vehicles. You wouldn't let your kids or other family members roam around a vehicle while it's in motion, why your animals? It's such a risk to their safety that should seriously be considered.
They ended up at the vet instead. Jk hehe😝
Translation: Dad not the park! We owe the Pitbull gang tons of toys! \n(The one who came to the front) Archie is coming towards our car! (Archie is gang leader)\nAll in unison FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUKFUFKFUKFUFKFUFFFFFFFFFFF
What breed is this
That was cruel, I think they thought they were going to the drive thru at McDonalds.
wow how do u control that much excitement in the park....i mean even one of these excited dog can pull away a man if they wantd..n u hav 3 of them...
I'm loving these new songs, really glad I (eventually) pledged for their new album..I thought the whole idea of a Professionals without Steve was unthinkable up until pretty recent to be honest, but this new version has really won me over and I got to see them at Rebellion and they were fantastic!
I like this sound. Looking forward to getting the LP! Our band, FACE MONDAY, actually have quite a similar, gritty rock sound - you are very welcome to check it out on:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmP4K-Dnq68
Sounding brilliant cant wait for the album well done lads
Classic new Professionals song number 2 and Chris McCormick just seem to get into every good band nowadays but it's because he's a talented musician so I understand. The new singers voice does really grow on you after a while and I like gritty voice he has. Look forward to the album very much.
Very, very good new song ! Very fresh !
Amazn!
super titre
もういい加減流行りの何十年ぶりの再結成&アルバムやめようよ。\nやっぱりの内容だし、ピストルズはライドン以外はロックスターに成りたかった輩ばかりでパンクスピリットのかけらも無い。\n映画も何十年ぶりの続編が多いが要はアイデアが出尽くした感がある。\nネームバリューの方がオリジナル創るより楽に稼げる。\nテン年代から酷くなった。\nデフレパやガンズ、カルトのメンバーがゲスト参加自体最早パンクではない。\nnot punk
Never mind the bollocks... heeere's Cookie!!! :-)
Cracking tune.... :-) x
Luis Suarez scores late for a point! Griezmann to Barca in the summer for 100m € release clause? 🔥🔥
for some reason barca look so empty without neymar
https://youtu.be/TJmDypby6aw...watch it and subscribe the channel
Didn't know Messi was such a little bitch... crying over every damn touch
check out this goal  from Coutinho https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVMMQBsCOvQf5qg-C004sTg?view_as=subscriber
Suarez is the hero yet again. He always shows up in big games
help me with a sub guys...
We need dembele back need to sign a couple of defenders we have plenty of midfielders Roberto a put coming Legend not complain but really enjoy this game but hope we learn from it
So cringey attempting to listen to English people trying to put on Spanish accents when pronouncing things...
If you want a professional resume template,please visit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36m1o-tM05g
athletico just gain a fan here.
Pls help this message  reach Barcelona coach that anytime Andre Comes start a game  mostly barca struggles .
Barca is great team but for some known reasons I fuckin hate Pique .
Hi, My name is Michael Smith and I have a daily job offer for you. I am a hacker who can load your U.S and Canada bank account, credit card and PayPal account. If interested email me at (Rudimick992@gmail.com) and let talk business
Ronaldo is king of football!
wtf why Gomez to starte the game because of Gomez we can't win the game we have better player dannis, deloufae n Roberto to starte the game instaed of Gomez this is first time varvelde make mistake in the squad to lose the point I hope he won't make a mistake again in the next  many game to play otherwise barca derserve to win this match
I feel the commentators were trying way too hard to pronounce the player's names in a Spanish way.
its the death of football the ball is so light and fast the keeper cant see it you rarely see anything spectacular from keepers because the ball is so fast they only can block it by instinct \n90s produced amazing players in all positions now they try to benefit attackers and dribblers as much as possible but the real highlights belong in all parts of the game\n90s and early 2000 teams used to be a lot more complete but now football is dead because all they care about is goals
4.12 was that pronounced correctly? Xd
That last pass by Andre Gomes was really skillful. I wonder if he meant to bounce it on the ground
gotta say i love the commentators in this match!!
Hi, i am a new fifa 18 youtube gamer, fifa 18 and i'm trying to grow my youtube channel SUBSCRIBE! MY BIRTHDAY CAN I GET SOME SUBS PLEASE
BITCOIN MINER APP FROM WINDOWS WITH GPU AND CPU \nBest BTC Adder Daily 0.53 BTC Without Any Investment DOWNLOAD  http://goo.gl/vpWEUa
Deulofeu should be starting almost all matches right now along with Denis and Roberto. Rakitic should be benched imo and give Iniesta a rest often times. Andre Gomes should also play more against weaker teams to get more confidence and keep him going. He can improve.
Why cant this commentator pronounce their names correctly😂
These commentators are so shit.
Great game from both teams
msi king of the king
The stadium is beautiful.
Atletico Madrid's new stadium is almost look alike Wembley Stadium lol
Wow this is almost as great as pubgswag.com
Wonderful class of football all round
barca had 2 great opportunities to win the match. saurez tap in and his shot that he could have passed to messi in front of him
Suarez great player but what a cunt
12:55 Really?  like come on!
Barca coach is a fuck.. He like bring in paulhoo very late in games .. It just  making Great messi effort use less.. He needs to get his ass right moving forward.. Well done World Best  Messi
Awxm
Commentators are trying way too hard to pronounce the players names correctly.
Barcelona is the best ever!
BAD BARCELONA BAD\nHALA MADRID
Atkieco madrid better than Barcelona
New Messi Goal Bet https://youtu.be/wP7_d4Oh5d4
Plz\n\nedit: bitch plz 😆
oblak is so underrated
Tontonan yg asyik
good game
@ darsaimpex for soccer kits check @darsImpex.com
https://youtu.be/PJCXHUykcOU
athletico deserved the win
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJsNE_EwJBU
Panic 08:09
Still in trending
Wow what a jump suarez
@@
liveStream http://bit.ly/2yS8hQv
Most evil tackle... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo22Al8H7GU
This commentator is annoying
my left ear came
Barca should of won
#atleticomadridenglish
https://www.facebook.com/tuvancadobongda/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQBSGexy02A go go go
vamo el atletico de madrid
go messi go suarezzzz
sowel negweth
ANDRE GOMEZ IS SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
suarez messi good
ART OF GOALSCORING  --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUcQZAbQDDI
kopet
Barça ... poor defense
last 3mins were exciting
Pique is becoming obsolete
Fantastic game!
Ronaldo si
Barca Yessssssss Love Barca, Madridiot
Best Business website click planetbusiness5
#4 on trending. Congrats!
Messi played good
FO.. BARCA...SUAREZ A BITING DOG AND MESSI A MESSED UP MAN.... U CAN SCORE ONLY ONE TO ONE... AND IN 100 GOALS IF AND IF SCORED FROM LONG DISTANCE COMMENTETORS AND PEOPLE SHOUT LIKE CRAZY.. IDIOTS..WHO HAD WORD.... I WANT TO BE IN TEAM WHERE RONALDO IS THAT FINISHESSS ALLLLLLL...... HAHAHAHAAAHAHAAA
Barca is different from Argentina. Messi isn't always good and nice to score and be a Messiah to carry his team from disappointment. It's just a simple thing, because Messi is human. He needs to be relaxed to have the best manner. At Barca, the players around can score without Messi, but Argentina can't. This makes me so sad and unhappy.\nHope Messi will always have the best emotional before every match! <3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnVcCtC_1iY \namazing free style
Luis Suarez scores late for a point! Griezmann to Barca in the summer for 100m € release clause? 🔥🔥\nthe best atack but + martial = the best potential
The Ting goes Skkkkrrrrraaa
The way this bloke says Suarez is so fucking. Annoying
Juan Oblak is class!!
What an amazing game, is lovely to see another good team in the league, atlético has done his job pretty well lately
what a match!!!  Barcelona was unlucky
Dont watch this video .... \nI repeat its a trap. Dont watch this video\nhttps://youtu.be/W7GY8HPG-pc
Griezmann was called the 'franchise player' wtf does that mean
https://youtu.be/X7MLLcEA_O8\nThanks for watching my youtube channel guys. 👌
That was a great game, I'm not even a Barca fan
https://youtu.be/ebeoacmAhXc ur welcome
If you are new visitor , Subscribe for more videos\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3-1fvxo8DUdrVa0Pf0Z5-w
Barcelona is not lose every mach
Come back is real :D
Tinpot league
Guys Barca love messi \nReal Madrid love Ronaldo\n\nBut Football Love Ronaldinho
I lowkeylove that new home kit from Atleti
Great game. Both teams playing exciting, entertaining football.
Gomez, it's time to say bye.
I foresee a long successful career in the music industry for Harry 👍
This guy aged twice as fast as everyone else
I want him to continue acting. Dunkirk was so good.
The hairline fits him really well tbh
I honestly can't wait for June 22nd to see him NY I think I'm gonna faith or just die I love him so much that it hurts 😩😩😩
o don't like clothes that hos wearing now a days, I like his style before
Is he gay ? I was just wondering :)
This is making me so emotional!! I’m proud to say I look up to such an genuine and passionate person known as Harry Styles 💗
Perfect is an understatement to describe Harry Styles 💙
Harry is a true gentleman. Therein lies his appeal. He has grown up quickly and risen to the challenge of being a caring, grateful human. It always slays me how he can so easiy turn a question spotlighting him into an answer complimenting the person asking the question. While it may seem like he is just being adeptly charming, I don't think that is what it is at all. Harry is just a kind and caring person. Thank you Harry Styles. If more people were like you imagine what our world would be.
I was never so proud of someone like I am now because of harry
Anyone notices that harry walks like a rock star?
He's so old now 😢😢😢😢
My KING
Before you read this comment, I just wanna let you know that it was written for every single directioner out there who r still supporting and believing the boys. Hopefully you all read it👇🏻\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf u r reading this comment..I just wanted to say thank u for being loyal to 1D and for not letting them down and for supporting them and waiting for them. You are the best ppl, please stay supportive and never stop believing. And hopefully u have a very good day💙
Gone solo so he has all the underage girls to himself
Obligatory Beatles comparison, they still curse pop acts with those things? Dear me.
he's so cheeky and mesmerizing, that's our bb ♥
To be honest when he was in 1D I did not give 2 sh*ts about him but ever since he went solo i took notice of him and im a real fan of his music now :)
So proud of our boy <3
He’s not that good at singing.
Harry and Mitch at 7:28 ❤️❤️ my ship of the year
He's got the slight lilt of an American accent....I'm not sure how to feel about this development...
I found this video ALMOST boring because I already know all the details of his career and all I wanted was the interview
The old footage makes me a lil sad
I think its time we admit one direction will never be together as a band again. Sucks but its reality
They will never get back together again  💔 one direction is over
This literally makes me so sad
Is perfect
i cried
his eyes , his dimples , his hair, his lips  ahhhh ..........my obsession over harry styles must be unhealthy
HE IS SO FRICKING CUTEEEE
🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🙌🙌🙌🙌😁😁😁😁🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷 come soon!!!!
British/Irish
cutie
im crying help me
Haha they pulled down his pants 🤣
best video!!!!!
Gay
Ugly
His hairline is already going :(
I love that he doesn't feel the need to put a label on his sexuality or put it in a box. People these days are so keen to labeling everything. I just think he's such a cool artistic guy.
They didn't need to rehash the One Direction story. Why not focus on more of his solo work
I really think being in one direction helped them and shaped them to became the great solo artist they all are now. 💕
I have to click stop and go away cause I know I will be cry.
I love you Harry from Bolivia 😍
I feel personally attacked by those This is Us clips
I watched 6:10-6:17 like 167 Times now?? I just love him so much
6:15 i can't handle his cuteness
*HE USED TO BE A BAKER* 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Harry I love you soooo much how matter you are , and I can't wait to meet you
How can anyone not love this guy? He's the BEST EVER!!!
I'm so proud, I just want to cry honestly
First time hearing their songs.  He sure looks like the Artful Dodger, Jack Wild.
His lips are the prettiest colors. \nHe's still figuring it out? Oh.. he's just so humble. He sings the best of all singers nowadays.
I got honesty, vulnerability, hope, conviction and passion for his craft. here's hoping Harry remains uncorrupted by success.
why im so affected with everything that is happening to to him and in every little thing that he does? 😭
When ypu start crying in the middle...while the playback plays and your thinking 'where has time gone?' 'Where are my boys....I want them back...' its so hard.
here it is. THE LOVE OF MY LIFE, MY SUNSHINE, MY MOON AND ALL OF MY STARS. I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU HARRY
His voice is amazing.
10/10 SUCH a beautiful human oh my gawdddd
He's dad's taste for music is mine ❤️
6:17 my favourite part of the whole video 😍😍
That’s my baby ❤️❤️
Harry styles in One Direction is like Justin Timberlake in NSYNC! They were arguably the most famous one in the group by far!
He has such a beautiful soul
I'm so proud of him I'm crying
Harry styles is a legend
He's so down to earth, it's attractive
My god his voice is amazing
Very mature, some celebs can’t relate even tho they are older 🤷🏻‍♀️
He's always been my favorite. Love his voice and personality 🖤
He's always be my little boy, in my heart❤
This guy has a future......!
I can't find the Only Angel live in the studio!! 😭😭😭
I still get a bit emotional seeing the X Factor moments. I'm so proud of how far he's come.
Zayn is the real inspiration here. Remember
‘I like to duck and dive’ 😂😂
6:16 My heart just melts completely 😍😍😍😍😍 He's soooooo cute
I just fell even more in love with him. He’s so genuine and sweet and just an absolutely amazing artist TREAT PEOPLE WITH KINDNESS EVERYBODY PEACE OUT
Only Directioners know exactly what it feels like to be proud of someone like Harry, and be sad at the same time. lol #DirectionersAlways\nI hope and wait for a 1D reunion, but if it never happens we know that the guys are always together in ways and that 1D will always be a part of them as much as it is us. I'm always so proud of Harry, Niall, Louis, and Liam because they've always been supportive of 1D and never regretted any of it. They show such respect to 1D and its fans and that's so admirable. Even if they don't reunite, they still bring us amazing music.
It's just beautiful!!!!💚
The One Direction clips had me crying wtf😩😭😭😭 proud of my boys❤️
God i love him so much
When he's singing on the couch and his whole body moves because he's putting in so much heart😍❤❤
look how Russian police tries to stop this mad  man\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sgcDVIfoD0
So glad to call this man my idol
I'm crying.
6:16 ffs harry
:-(
MY BABY
6:16 I MISS FROG HARRY BAHHHH
IM HEARTBROKEN, I MISS MY CHILDREN. ☹️
idear
02: 35
the sexual tension 6:50
6:16 SO CUTE!!
uxsidjhdjdhddjodos bye I love him smmmmmmm
esse sotaque me mata
so fond so fond so fond
This video has done more flashes than Doublelift in WORLDS :-)
EU>NA
3:03 doublelift saving flash for next worlds
TSM is the most OVERRATED team of lol history. Their fanboys are seriously such a bunch of tards.
I love the part where TSM made it out of groups...\n\n\n\nOh wait
GAM :( the Best way to play LOL :(
OMG WESTDOOR DID NOT SOLO FAKER THERE FAKER COULD'VE KILLED WESTDOOR IF IT WERE'NT FOR THE INCOMING TP FROM SHEN AND SEJUANI
Very exciting games ahead. All the best to the teams in top8 !
isnt it Guangzhou instead of Shanghai for quarters?
Video did more flash than Doublelift did against Misfits.\n#FreeSM
Jesus this woman sounds so cheesy
>TSM\n>TSM Fan\n>*deep exasperated sigh*
This finals is going to be epic!  Misfits will battle through it all taking down the former world champions SKT and make it to the finals where they will meet the NA titans of C9 who shattered the hopes of Korea taking down the pre tournament favorites in LZ.  The finals between EU vs NA will be fierce between the powerhouse from EU in Misfits Gaming taking on the miracle runners in Cloud 9.  Let's see who will come out on top as the rematch from rift rivals carries on to determine the 2017 world champions.
Tbh the scariest group this year is SKT not because of all the other years or how they're known to be dominate in group stage but how they made those comebacks against EDG, not once but TWICE.
OMG 6 top seeds from LCS, LPL, LMS, GPL, TCL is out of Worlds 2017, this season has the worst meta and astounding from second and third seeds. Idk when Koreans meta collapses lol :(
Legend has it that dlift stil has his flash LUL \nIm done with tsm lets go c9 and fnatic
I thought QFs are in Guangzhou? Is it in Shanghai now?
EDG deserved to get knocked out, but it still hurts seeing them go out like that. SKT the Dream Crushers.
Last time i expect something from TSM
Quarter will  in Guangzhou , no Shanghai!
RING is second seed, not first\nQuarters are in Guangzhou, not in Shanghai
C9 go to Q with 3-3 without tierbreaker and G2 finished on 3rd place. They dont have even chance to play in TB. Ehh... C9 will be eliminated btw. so its useless spot.  Sorry NA, thats is true.
Na wins fungames like riftrivals and they all think they are gods\nBut than the worlds comes and you can see how bad they rly are\nAfter so much bad performances na should be a wildcard region haha
Quarterfinal is in guangzhou not shanghai and RNG is not chinese NO.1 seed
LETS GO C9!!!! I HOPE THEY WIN THIS ROUNDD!!!!! i dont know if they can win it all, but i hope they get out of this round :)))
when is the finale?
ShangHai??? You mean GuangZhou??? It should be Guangzhou Shanghai then Beijing...
Why does it seem like all the NA casters pronounce LongZhu as LongJew (even here)
Anyone remember when TSM said that they have an easiest group. Yeah, that the result
yes as expected of korean teams and yes no fans will be shouting tsm tsm hahaha
Releasing the power of evil lmao,
NA for the win
No more wildcards wasting our time at group stages. I love this year's World Championships
So how screwed is everyone's Pick 'Ems?
What's the song called? anyone now?
And if you give SKT an inch, they take a mile. The way she said those lines was pretty cringe,
Kalista thumbnail yet kalista has been banned 100% of the time
Legends says that doublelift flash still haven't being used
Best moment in grope stage for me was that 5 min nocturne ult. That was epic!!
This is why c9 is way better 😂 was a tsm fan
im from NA and is a shame to have trash. iboy and levi will replace tsm. if tsm is smart.
Factual error at around 1:25:\n\nShe says G2 took a game off of Chinas number ONE seed RNG, but RNG were Chinas SECOND seed. G2 were the first seed team in their group.
that very moment when the pick'em quest comes up during the  most random world stage of league of legends history...what am i supposed to choose??!!!!
You can read this whenever you want:\nTSM eliminated of groups.
I tho quater final was in guangzhou ????
Isn’t the quarterfinal takes place in Guangzhou?
The question i ask myself every worlds is how korea is so good, what special power do they hold 🤔
So its ganna be LZ vs SKT while im a SKT fan LZ having been playing really good. Idk man feels like LZ might win worlds but then again you can't just count out SKT they always seem to surprise you.
who is that girl ref and not joanne
Best of Five?  But I thought fans preferred best of ones?  Kappa
The only thing people are talking about is TSM. QUARTER FINALS ARE GOING TO HAPPEN AND YOUR STILL TALKING ABOUT TSM. Can't we just talk about the teams in the quarter finals?
Im so sad for G2, go to reddit and read Perkz twitlonger Post
Cody-Sun flash back hehe i see what you did there...
Quarter is in Guangzhou not Shanghai
the title is something doublelift never does
Its not like doublelift would win the game with a flash, he would be the last man standing vs all enemy team
China's no.1 seed is EDG...
RNG wasn't China's first seed LOL it was EDG
I liked the editing at 4:22 when SKT landed on Blank Wolf and Faker. It was nice.
Isn't it Guangzhou?
And nope again, Quaterfinals will be held in Guanzhou. How many rookie mistakes do you have to make? Do your homework!
Haha tsm fail again XD
Its Cheng Du actually……
final will be skt vs rng....
TrashSM, yes, it sounds good
RIP SSG
R.I.P TSM
Hardest pick'em in my life
GO KOREA! xD
RNG is LPL 2nd seed though
skt1 champs 2017
0:29 What? Long-Jew?
inb4 fnatic win worlds
Final is gonna be Longzhou vs RNG.
RNG is the second seed. RITO PLS
NINETEEN O SEVEN FENERBACHE NINETEEN O SEVEN FENERBACHE NINETEEN O SEVEN FENERBACHE
NA JAYCE
i love skt wolf. Hes cute ❤
LOL flash
Quarterfinals are in Guangzhou thanks.
Is that Froskurren ?
Rip misfits
Its GuangZhou not Shanghai ...
Love lol
TSM LUL
tsm should get a new jungler
thats a anoying voice wtf
Na first seed, Lpl first seed, Lms first seed, Eu first seed, first seed yeah sure, XD
1:26 No, RNG were not the first seed from China, they were the second one. They lost to EDG in the LPL finals. If they were the first they could not even have been in the same group as G2.
Skt yet again, carried c9.
I don't really like girl doing the commentary
Chinese Taiwan team, not Taiwanese team
It's not Shanghai, it's Shenzhen
Wait, the quarter finals are in Guangzhou not Shanghai......Shanghai is for semi-finals!!!!!!
Lz vs gam Biggest comeback of the tournament??.. nah its skt’s comeback..
Did someone in the other vid say that if TSM cant get out of the group stage, he'll kill himself, well whoever you are... just do it...
Westdoor's Fizz was laughable that game. Bringing 1-2 people 24/7 with you to kill Faker and call it 1on1  was cringy af.
Why TSM fans so quiet? 4Head
RNG Vs LZ final!
0:46 biggest Comeback, wtf? Have you ever Seen SKT vs EDG ?
I just saw David Letterman on Jimmy Kimmel 😂😂😂
I like the fact that Conan came on this show and Dave went on Jimmy Kimmel Live a couple days later.  Because you know who got cancelled out?  The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon.  Yep, the same show whose network fucked not only Dave, but Conan too in favor of The Chin, Jay Leno, who's not as funny as Conan OR Dave.  So screw NBC, they're losers.  They gave Conan Dave's old show, but Dave couldn't get The Tonight Show which was a bullshit move by NBC, and then Conan got it for a year, and then Leno starts bitching and bellyaching about having to leave the show and went so far as to make NBC give him another talk show to air EVERY NIGHT at 10 pm, when traditionally, the networks show hour long dramas.    Was it the National Broadcasting System or the Leno Broadcasting System?  And then NBC told Conan to beat it and gave Leno The Tonight Show back for 4 more years.   Fuck Leno, and fuck NBC.  But Fallon isn't to blame for anything.  At least he brought Joan Rivers back on as a guest a year before she died.  Good for him.  I know Johnny Carson wanted to pass TTS to Dave, but didn't get to make the decision.  Perhaps picking Leno was retribution for Carson banning Joan, who Carson treated like shit after she got her own talk show on Fox opposite his show, but it wasn't her fault, she wanted to tell him but Fox made her keep it a secret.  Carson got pissed, he banned her from the show for life.  And Jay Leno, the asswipe he is, kept the ban in place, knowing full well what he was doing trying to suck up to Carson so Carson would think he was the right choice for the gig.  But Letterman ALWAYS had her on his show because he's not the asshole Jay is, Jimmy Kimmel did too as did Conan as well.  Fallon was smart for doing that for her.  And I'll bet if she was still around, Colbert, Seth Meyers, and James Corden would have her on as well.
colbert is so far from conan. hes a legend, #teamcoco
yaaazzzzzz my life is complete. love these both. Iove coco a lil more tho ;)
Am I the only that feels like Colbert was a little weird with Conan here? Sounded a little exasperated by him. I know they are good friends so I’m a little surprised. Anyone else notice it?
If only our politicians could get along so well.  If I thot it would be as nice in Montana, I'd move there.  Dave for president, and 4 vice-presidents, 5 if you count the horse.  We might all end up with a daily massage --    8-}
cant stand that colbert but conan is the best
Fuck this man has a fake face. Ugly cunt...
It's weird to see Conan's lower half.
I love how conan video made people like him even more, and lettermans response video made him look even worse
I love Connan as a host but I dont like him as a guest :D
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth, right?
In the state of georgia horse/stable owners are automatically exempt from legal responsibility if someone is injured. We don't have to do a form or anything, I figured that was the case everywhere.
So, was Dave the horse finally eaten or nah?
i just arrived from the video with letterman talking about the horse. man thats some funny stuff. watch that video the story gets even funnier.
An expensive horse lawyer? lol
He’s a lunatic!  Great stuff!
Spoiler alert: It's a horse! Nice title for the story hehe
Conan looks up a lot during the interview. It shows dominance.
Conan is and always will be the best host. Colbert is annoying
Dave the horse is no longer crazy! http://equine-massage-school.com/
Stephen was clever, enthusiastic, creative but now he has become a lazy host, kind of monotonous, predictable and even boring\nAnd this interview shows he has become that type of host
Fair dinkum Conan is a top bloke & a great root.
Look at the stink eye that horse is giving.
And thats ladies and gentleman how you took over a show
Conan is in the house. Period.
I have to say that I am not a fan of people who use an animal for a joke. I'm talking about Letterman here. Animals deserve better than this.
Conan is pretty entertaining but I get the impression that he's actually a bit of an asshole in real life. I understand why...but he's really infected with his own celebrity that its really overcome him. Happens to all long time late night hosts I'd imagine. But its kind of off putting and as much as I enjoy his show sometimes he's not the kind of celeb you'd want to meet.
Incredible how much funnier conan is when he's not chained down by his Host Persona
That horse would make a tasty salami .
Man this makes me so sad. Conan, Kimmel, and Colbert could have been the best late night lineup ever but NBC fucked it all up and ended up with a cynical jackass.
Wow this is gold right here.
That there is a prime example of a White Elephant gift lol
Colbert was pissed because he always has to be the center of attention no matter what. As a question or something. Be human Colbert damn it
Only here for Conan.
Conan on his son, love this guy.
Hollywood: where Serial Rapists (David Letterman) and Anti- Semites (Mel Gibson) are welcomed with open arms.\nShameful
conan is way less funny than he thinks he is... imo...
Watching Conan in the wild is the best!\nNEVER LAUGHED SO HARD THIS YEAR
Thanks for the spoiler in the title. Still an awesome clip!
So, I love Coco as much as the next guy, but how high would you say he is on here?
That is no joke the best Conan bit I have ever seen. Nice, man.
to quote Coneys' dad I see you found a way to make a living from your disability I should be $o disabled!
Dude this was better than Conans actual show
They didn’t invite Andy because they knew it would had broken viewership records. People would had ordered cable just to see this interview. People would had lined up for days. I moved to NY just to meet Conan and he ended up moving right before I was going to go see him. Support my channel and maybe one day I will get notice by the great one. Who remembers how the big networks use to push his shows so late. That was messed up but yet he was the GOAT of all Talk Shows. #justnyc #teamcoco #folow #me #return2nyc #conan #cocnanobrian
and Dave's story was (as told by him to Jimmy Kimmel) - the horse was supposed to take a crap on Conan's stage, and Conan was supposed to send the horse back, and Dave gets his money back. Love these guys.
When Steve shakes Conan's hand I can just imagine conan saying something like I just keyed your car prick
Apparently Letterman sent the horse so it could crap on Conan's show.... and he thought that he was gonna return it😂
Letterman fucked Bill Hicks over. Nuff said about his character.  Sooo disappointed in you Stephen.
What's even funnier is the horse was suppose to just go on stage take a crap and leave. It was a big joke, but conan ended up keeping the horse.
I love this man, “I don’t get guests like me.” Lol
i love conan but he sounds like he is on crack here
It feels so backward watching this. Conan is a far far far greater host them Colbert. Colbert is terrible lol.
Why is he shaking like Kramer? 🤦‍♂️
Letterman NEEDS to be in the late show SOON! That would be amazing.
Hate Colbert, but had to watch this for the man Conan
Conan is the king
Dave gave Conan the horse hoping it will poop all over the studio floor to get even with him for taking the Tonite Show years ago when Johnny Carson retired
Conan has become a hollywood dickhead.
He sounds like a cartoon character lmao
Stephen: Do you have a farm???\nConan:No! I don't have a farm! Stephen you know me! 😂😂😂
Conan has never been nor will ever have much talent.
Conan seems to have lost it and not lost it at the same time in this interview.
Please, sir, you've been drinking XD Right from the start.
Conan is the best! <3
CONAN IS A FUCKING LEGEND \n!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch the Jimmy Kimmel segment when Letterman is a guest and explains why he gave Conan a horse and what was supposed to happen.
YOU'VE GOT TO LEARN COLBERT !!!! THAT'S THE MAGIC !!!!!!! 4:27
I love Stephen Colbet, he's the original because you see he doesn't have a fake laugh compared to other host.
They need to give Fallon's job back to Conon.
Conon is funny as hell. One of the best!
This horse story is the best, LMAO!
yeah-huh. a horse trailer would never fit on a studio lot!
I hadn't seen this until I heard Letterman talking about it on Kimmel's  Tuesday show. Friggin' hilarious. Dave had a specific purpose for that horse.
This is so weird seeing them together, my eye immediately went to Conen with the thought why is colbert on conan?
Dave is such a piece of shit
I remember when Letterman had his last show, Conan told people watching _his_ show to change the channel at the half hour mark and watch Letterman's show that night instead.
http://equine-massage-school.com/ \nyou are welcome
where  is  stephen ?
Conan has no equal
Ha! I love Dave!!
Who put this together ? *!!!!!* ROFL 😂😂😂
PICKLE RICK motherfucker!!!! Love you conan!!!
#teamcoco ftw
Tintin?
Conan is the dudes dude.
Garbage show.
Conan yells through this whoie show :{\nStill my Fav!
cocaine
Conan > noblet
Conan is KING!! Colbert is garbage!
Wendy’s
fuck leno . Conan Rules
Fuck Jay Leno.
LMFAOOO OMFG I AM FUCKING CHOKING ON LAUGHTER HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH
Those 9 minutes felt like just 2 minutes
*girl screams* Please, sir, take a drink. Conan kills me with the little shit
Conan with the screaming and worst comic timing does not do it for me
Conan is boring. He comes across as full of himself. I don't understand the comments being so positive about him.  Oh well maybe it is me.
She sounds amazing live 👍
She is so bomb!  I loved her since her 1st album in 2000, which was R&B for those who didnt know where she started!
Am I the only to notice the lyrics could be speaking to our government and White House? Not just this administration, but Washington as a whole over the years.
It doesn't matter how old I get or how much my taste in music changes, P!nk always stands as one of my favorite artists. She has such an incredible raw talent and she's so genuine in all of her music. I have a very strong respect for her.
Here's to all the people who believed in someone that let you down.
Amazing talent love that she dosen't have to wear bodysuits perfection ♥
Love Her! That voice! And she is awesome!
What's most amazing to me about Pink is that since she blew up in 2000ish she has consistently had hits... That is almost unheard of
Plays on the radio more than I'd like but still brilliant.
Pink is amazing! Love the new album!!
Fantastic, looks great, song is great, her singing is just amazing (has she always had such a good voice?) and she is gracious enough to give her backing singers their own “time”. Well done P!nk. \nI’ve seen her on Ellen’s talk show recently and she seems to be a really nice person to boot.
Cannot get enough of this amazing rendition. P!nk continues to fight the good fight. She is an artist who makes me feel it's worth spending my money on her music.
Her voice and performance is simply amazes me- Leaves me in absolute awe. Absolutely love her
I like this song
Your amazing  I love you 💖. Such an inspiration.  You rock it everytime.  Adding to my playlist
She’s got a beautiful voice ❤️
P!nk SINGS! That voice my God!
Everytin she does is kl
such a powerful voice and message! amazing..
God, I love that woman.
I just love this song! ❤️
She sang her fucking face off... bravo!!!!!
Perfect song, awesome voice, crystal clear live singing & so many of real emotions...
I'm usually not the biggest fan of pink but I absolutely love this performance. I love the energy the whole\nBand is giving off during the performance.\nIt's amazing. Makes you feel the emotion and want to be there. Kind of reminds me of being at a Celine Dion. The whole production and energy is just ridiculously good!
She doesn’t need auto tune to impress people, just by being naturally herself is enough to win over billions of hearts. She’s just pure amazing. A true inspiration. So much love for this woman. 💯❤️
I'm surprised they let her release this
I want to be her when I grow up. <3
Pink rocks!  Love how she interacts with her band.
Love Pink.
That song is awesome
Beautiful!!
Love her so much❤
Do a good deed today and click the link to my video to help me reach 10,000 views. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO8EnOeMrRI
god damn this song is annoying, they play it on the radio constantly
Can't believe this shit is popular, music and politics should stay separated
She kills it every time. She can't do any wrong in my book. She is amazing
Legit thought snl was about to make fun of pink and I was like how tf are u gon make fun of a great song
And I want that outfit!!!!
Such an amazing live singing voice in my opinion, a real breath of fresh air today, I've  been a huge fan of hers for many years and she never disappoints !! Can't wait to see her live at MSG next April !! U ROCK PINK and I LOVE YOU girl !!
The Magnificent  Pink . Loved that.
Btw, anyone who agrees that Pink and Stevie Nicks would probably make an awesome duet? I would love to hear Stevie do 'Edge of seventeen' with Pink... *a girl can dream*
Come on pink your old stuff is much better, this is shite lol.
So happy she is back :D great vocals, good song and a nice outfit. Al together awesome
She is an incredible artist. I love her. She puts her heart so much in her music. I almost want to cry...
This song. Every time. So many feels. <3 P!nk!
Amazing voice, never a disappointment. Can't wait to see her next year in So Cal.
This woman is such a inspiring person \nLove her
She is and always true to herself. She is who she is, she is strong, she is a mother, she is a wife, she is a badass, she is so talented and she is what girls should aspire to be like!
I wanna see P!nk live so bad!
What about all the happy ever afters 😭😭
Please don't leave me, P!nk.
My god I love her. She has a powerhouse vocalistm she is a wonderful human being. She I'd bad ass. I am seeing her live in May and I fucking cant wait
She's always been great!
Her hair is effortlessly amazing all the time.
I like Pink because she can sing WITHOUT auto tune, meaning she has actual talent. As far as what ANY singer or actor has to say politically, economically, or socially, don't care and don't want to hear it in any manner shape or form, any day of the week, and twice on Sunday.
*_PINK IS THE BOMB!_*
My dream is to sing on that stage one day....
didnt know she was a Somalian pirate.
I know this is random but her guitarist back there looks just like Kristen Wiig! Lol and of course Pink is amazing as usual. 💓
Slay queen SLAY!!!!!!🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
Such an authentic heart.  😘
Whiney liberal anthem
https://www.facebook.com/best99zone/
She is flawless
Amazing! 😍😍
GETTT ITTT!!! Yasssss!!!!!
She sounded flawless
yessss
Best song in 2017
That voice...........!!!!!
My heart. ♥
P!nk for president! <3
She’s awesome😀...the colour...not so much haha
p!nk4ever
p!nk💕
❤
fukin love this so hard
Pink for president!
Beautiful  voice of an angel . Lovely   Gentle soul.  Sweet honest loving caring human humble \nI pray that no matter where you go in your life your ready for more of life's journey \nGod Bless you
If you want me to sub you just reply me I love helping people  out☺️☺️💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
What About Us
Damn...I'm 33 and P!nk has been badass since I was in high school.
Is that her real voice ... Because wow.
Can't wait to see her in Abu Dhabi 2017 F1. X.
Beautiful song from a  beautiful lady,
Thats how you own the SNL stage. amazing
UMMMM... 😮 amazing performance...! I can't help but feel like there is a deeper meaning to her lyrics and she's talking about how we as global brothers and sisters have been lied to and deceived by the few elite who are actually in power... F U, ROTHSCHILD, ROCKEFELLER ZIONISTS BANKERS ETC!!
The way she interacted with her backing singers nearly brought a tear to my eye. What an authentic beautiful inspiring woman.
She sang the fuck out of What About Us! Powerful vocals!!! So happy she saved her voice and quit smoking amazing!
How does her voice just keep getting better?
I had no idea she was that good. Wow. Great band. Really great backup singers.
Love this amazing, freakishly talented lady. Saw her on tour in 2013 and hoping to see her again! I love the fact she sings LIVE, no auto tune BS!!!
P!nk is such a M!LF  #SNL43
You should sing opera, Pink.  Great band.
gawd almighty-- what a set of pipes.....does play an instrument?
A great singer and songwriter. Love her
Real non fake pop star.
Incredible voice.
Speechless.
Subscribe to my Channel! :) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNAvpczculh7BB5h-jk5oAg?view_as=subscriber
Diogo jota is incredible
Congrats from a Benfica fan you are going up \o/
As a portuguese is nice to see portuguese youngsters shinning on Wolves especially Jota..Wolves are going up for sure!
im a aston villa fan, well done wolves good game.
I hope we can keep Jota...
Signing Jota on a permanent is the most important part of the January tranny window !
WOLVES AY WE🔶⚫️🐺
What a game, what a performance what a result! The wolves are going up! \n\n#COYW
You're team is far too good for the championship, definitely going up
We are to good for championship COYW🔶◼️🔶◼️
Wolves squad is too good for the Championship, they will def lift the trophy in the end, can't wait to play in the Molineux in FIFA 19 ~~
Absolutely battered them! Could have been 4 or 5 ! COYW
39 on trending lol
For the first time in ages, I watched a Wolves game and couldn't help but smile. It was like watching Brazil at times.
Clicked like before the video began. Well done Wolves! Put these wannabees in their place.
Hi ho wolverhampton
Wolves aye we 🔶◾️🔶◾️
TRENDING!!! COYW!!!!
premier legue 2018
🔶⬛️
champions league football... here we come...
Leo bonatini was in saudi arabia before coming to england, he wasnt that good when he was in saudi. But Wolves, is he doing goot this season?
First time I've seen the new team.  I think we at last have a new Peter Broadbent in Reuben Neves - he doesn't waste a ball.
Should have been 4-0 if not for shitty refs.
DIRTY SCUMBAG HUTTON KICKED CAVILEIRO ALL OVER THE PARK AND WE ALSO HAD A STONEWALL PENO SHOUT. WE GOIN UP ANYHOW, C'MON ME BABIES ;-)
It was a scintillating performance with technical ability that tore villa apart... a long way to go but that has to be a bench mark performance which if way sustain will see us promoted  !! WOLVERHAMPTON WANDERERS FOOTBALL CLUB  - pride of the black country  😚😚😚
Wolves for the championship. I am a Villa fan and I have no problem in realising that wolves are just too good for this league. Then ran the game, we had no chance. That Jota guy was immense, he would just pick up the ball and instantly turn on are defenders. Looks like a mini Griezmann.\nEven though people were predicting Villa as champions, I honestly saw us as playoffs, I do think we will achieve this but it will be hard.\nI know this might sound weird, but I would love to see us, Wolves and Birmingham pack in the prem, because them the derbies would be in a league where they do belong.\nFair play Wolves, you are a lock for the championship, great team, great fans, great coach.\n\n#UTV\n#COTW
Could we get this without the fake after-the-event commentary? Someone who knows the players' names and can at least feign some interest?
The force is strong in these lads! 🔶⬛️🔶🔝
John terry is a bawbag
Nice one Wolves from a baggies fan 😀
Proud of these boys, ay we?
Well done wolves proud of you
I am a walves  fan we are going up this season don't think we're finished top second place I reckon and we are going to the Champions League bring on Barcelona and Real Madrid win them all
We will give City a run for their money
I knew it was 2-0 begore video probably because i went and watched it at the stadium #WolvesForever
WOLVES AY WE - who are ya who are ya , thought you were gona crash our party - COME ON WOLVES our time is coming
Portugies all players are so good in wolves club the club have so many skillful players thanks the club it makes portugies team better
Completely outplayed them this is our year 🐺🐺🐺
Great win guys can you check out my little boys football channel little superstar thank you
The commentator is great at stating the bleedin obvious isn't he? it's headed over.. it's...just wide. I know you have to tailor things to your audience but even your average Wolves fan can see that!
Good game, awful commentator, he barely even mentions any of the players names
WERE WOLVERHAMPTON, WERE TOP OF THE LEAGUE!
2 dislikes are villa fans 😂😂😂 FWAW!!!!
Haha trending COYW
Tiptop team coyw
OPPAHAAHAHHAHAH 22K SUBS
33...
trending haha wolves ay we
Fuk u im  fite  u
Wolves aye we
Go on me babies!
DETIK DETIK SEBELUM MENINGGAL KIPER PERSELA CHOIRUL HUDA https://youtu.be/WvL6wpZQQQk
15th highest trending video on YouTube 🔶⚫️
MENDES FC
We Are Wolves⚫🔶
Were trending
Those 9 salty dislikes tho!   #WWFC
AAYY OH WOLVERHAMPTON!
Wolves #10 on trending
Calm down wolves you only beat aston villa, fans going on like you're gonna win the champions league
PNE next saturday bet u Jota or Bonatini will score
How is this trending?
As a Birmingham fan...thank you wolves KRO we will smash them at the end of the month
Just the best football I've seen in a long long time and that includes Premier league and Champions league. Diogo Jota and Ruben Neves are world class players and the whole team is superb. Fantastic football and a wonderful time for Wolverhampton Wanderers FC and I love it
hahaha john terry you slimy slow has been
Done me proud yesterday keep it up wolves ☝️😃😃😃😃😃😃
I`m glad Wolves are doing well but I`m really sad David Edwards is not at Wolves anymore. What a great and committed  player for Wolves he was!
Second goal was handball surely. Deserved win though
Well done wolves shitty villa fans
26th in trending mad 😂😂😂
Hahaha trending top 10 Kill me now, shitty team in Champions ship
2:23 \nthank me later
Troy Deeney In Wenger Out
Him being a nice chap shouldn't hide the fact that he's bang on average and a cheat in this case
Deeney might not be the most talented of footballers, but he is intelligent and has the right mentality that Arsenal lack. Keown also agrees indirectly that AFC lack cojones. Wenger out!
It’s interesting how people are praising Troy for berating a team that consistently do better than his, season in season out and have won far more trophies than his. If I was in Troy’s shoes, even if I think all what he’s saying (which is true) I would be careful what I say. I will just keep my head down and continue playing my game and leave this kind of talk to pundits and fans.
WRONG WRONG WRONG - low thinking skills - none should have been penalties - it's not about we have them against us so it's justified - tv evidence should be provided - stop this banter about Deaney and his ability to rile Arsenal, That wasn't a penalty it was a bad refereeing decision - TV EVIDENCE would have shown it - enough of the bullshit - its all opinions yet any neutral sees it and it's a dive.
thank you very much Troy deeney I respect you even though I'm an Arsenal fan thank you for saying how you feel.
I'm seriously hoping everyone at arsenal watched this
Wow get the nee pads out for all the Deeney comments....
Only Iwobi and Welbeck seem ready to fight for Arsenal
3 fake motherfuckers and a real person
Well said Troy Deeney. Thanks for calling it what it is. Hopefully it will change something in the Arsenal players mentality, unlikely though. They are happy earning easy wages, with no pressure from the manager or board. We don’t to need to win the title or anything because we are already a money making machine, ain’t that right Stan?
Troy is eyeballing the pundit job better watch out Savage...
watching totenham's against real madrid made me realise how extremely below par Arsenal is, Arsenal is slowly becoming a Mid Table team right before our eyes
he has got a mug that you would not get tired of smacking, dissing the mighty arsenal like he is a world beater what has he ever won in his career giving it large let in 6 at city
Arsenal have no nuts? Looks like they need to sign a snickers in January.
He said the truth.\nArsenal is fucking shit this season!
Hats off to Deeney. Exposing Arsenal for the mercinary shithouses they are. I feel for the Arsenal fans, they deserve better than this for the money they pay every season.
Nonsense. What has his bravery done for Watford? They'll never finish above Arsenal despite their nuts
No english team, even the national, have 1 cojon at least
Fook me that boy is ugly bless him, slagging off arsenal, just a run ov the mill prem player, never never never get in arsenals team
always a blue nose!
Troy Deeney speaks sense and is so honest about what he brings to the table, England need more players him
ya still a sack of shit deeney, I'd rather have titus bramble play in your position
I am an arsenal fan and I totally agree with Troy he is so right
Overweight  Troy Deeney what a tube that's why he's still with a bucket team the cunt dived and cheated I blame the ref he should be punished it's time to punish refs for there stupid mistakes it's costing teams
Brilliant, someone should seriously look at Troy as a pundit whenever he chooses to retire.
Im an Arsenal fan and he's not wrong with anything he said about us.
who gives a fuck what a bloke called troy thinks...shit cunt
This guy also kicked an already unconscious guy in the head on a night out.
Is the guy in the ponytail a real person ? That voice with that hair with those clothes is a peculiar combination
Man sounds like he has mucus in his throat😂😂
Omg get him on as a commentator!!! Never heard anything so real- us fans relate to guys like that- he needs to be on match of the with ian wright
Deeney says hes the man with no ego - come off it Mr self proclaimed hard man.. Also his ego has just told the arsenal defence how to play them in the return fixture...man before team
fucking humble bloke hes a perfect example for young footballers
Who is this guy?
Hi, i am a new fifa 18 youtube gamer, fifa 18 and i'm trying to grow my youtube channel SUBSCRIBE! MY BIRTHDAY CAN I GET SOME SUBS PLEASE
Lol troy deeney jus told them brum style!!! Their not on it!
Way to go Troy......he is great inspiration in so many ways :)
He invited his prison friends and scored an own goal Last season
Arsenal fan but Deeney told it true. Props to him
Damn, this nigga fucked Arsenal hard. Fucking Arsenal man makes me have a heart attack every weekend
Troy is a smart guy.
Watford are doing a great job, everyone though they was going down. MARCO SILVA.#
state of savage's haircut
Respect to you Troy
Nice to see a footballer actually give a true opinion on something instead of a textbook answer. Refreshing to see!
Pillow bath European here defendant violence wave bitter down best so
How dare you Troy! Arsen just bought a packet of KPs.
If Troy Deeney can sit there and point out these flaws not long off the pitch, surely the Arsenal players themselves know that they've not got the grit or fight to ever win the league. I've never thought Wenger's failings were tactics, it's always been in his lack of mentality in leadership to incite a reaction out of his team.
is it jus me or is deeney speaking like an arsenal fan
i can just imagine Roy Keane in this arsenal team,he would be sent off every game for hitting his own team mates,this was a case of men against jelly babies
Arsenal is a failed state. They need aid and water and urgent  restructuring. But they are held captive by an evil dictator.  There's only one man who can save them.  Trump.
Big up to troy. Only if more footballers were like This!
Deeney just saying everything arsenal fans have known know for a while now
Can't even get mad it's true
When was the last time you finished in the top 4....or top 10?????
As an arsenal fan, this is sad to hear.
Can't even hate on Deeney. My blood is Arsenal but he nailed everything. Better attitude than everyone apart of our damn club.\n\nI feel he has some love for Arsenal knowing how his son supports us - it's sad to know the reality of how poor things have become for us.
Derby will be remembered for his post match interview and never as a good footballer!🖕😊
Deeney a Watford player is finally the first player to say what all fans think about a modern day but mostly shitty arsenal back four
90% of the likes on this video i guarantee are from Gunners
I mean yeah they won but cmon acting like Watford beat arsenal all the time...1 win yet come end of season arsenal will be around the top Watford will be nowhere near it
I want a mouthful of egg fart
Since when do current players come on the show? This is great. Cojones
Bolasie scores the winner against Arsenal, then trolls arsenal on twitter by saying hes going to enjoy arsenal fan tv, Troy deeney scores against arsenal then goes on National TV and says Arsenal dont have nuts and he loves playing against them, Arsenal have been hammered by big teams so much times that now even smaller teams like watford and palace want a piece too
such a normal bloody person not some marketable twat. big up deeney
Deeney isn’t even being a prick because he’s such a lovely guy. He’s a great leader and that’s clear.
Wow............he just nailed it
Arsenal are fucking terrible
Arsenal Wenger listening the boss?
What a lad
Troy needs a cameo on AFTV!
Troydinhi
Like an empty Asylum!!
DEEEENEEEEY
Troy Deeney looks like a bloated Drake!
Great from deeney here
Troy has cauliflower face
Mans not hot
Stfu Deeney ur trash.
well thought out guy
Big flattering ram
legend!
Deeney look like Shrek fam
respect
SPOT. FUCKING. ON!
Hes right.. wenger no nuts but bananas, players no nuts but ananas.. upset man
DETIK DETIK SEBELUM MENINGGAL KIPER PERSELA CHOIRUL HUDA https://youtu.be/WvL6wpZQQQk
very honest interview!
Deeney for president
England captaincy please!!!!!
Deeney for England makes pure sense
He’s excellent
Aii Deeney kept it real
Troy Deeney looking for Nuts 👀
Robbie savage is a cunt!
I dont watch any football games but I love wathcing this talk show its great
Deeney needs to shut the Fuck up. His side got a gifted penalty and all of a sudden he's the guru of Arsenal futbol club.. this is a man who is starting on the bench for Watford, has never won shit and has never been good enough to play for a big club, let alone represent his country, now he's running his mouth about Arsenal and Ozil? Shut up mate.. !
Seriously though Troy Deeny plays for watford how can he be criticising arsenal like arsenal are bottom of the league? Jesus... talk about getting gassed..
Vocals by Aloe Black are so good and the lyrics are so meaningful....... Also the drop reminds of Avicci style but it sounds so good👌👌👍👍
This track is really beautiful !
All the songs in the Tiesto have the power to make trips and this does not stop for less.
Stargate is a Norwegian record producing and songwriting team composed of Tor Erik Hermansen and Mikkel Storleer Eriksen, based in Los Angeles, but they were based in New York City for almost a decade. The team's genres include R&B, pop and hip hop
Isn't this plagiarism of\n GALANTIS -FIREBIRD?????? Im not trying to be offensive but this is seriously smiliar\nCHECK IT\nTHIS VIDEO>> 1:25~1:32\n\nhttps://youtu.be/v48pibjFWeg >> 2:00~2:10
Good job Tiesto, it's awfully amusing and easy listening
Everybody needs a little room to make mistakes\nYou don't have to be so perfect\nYou can go at your own pace\n\nJust show me the real you\nSo that I can feel you\nI promise I won't let you down\nJust show me the real you\nSo that I can feel you\nI promise I won't let you down\n\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen you're tired and you're weary\nAnd you have no strength to go on\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen there's no one to turn to\nAnd all you have faith in is gone\nLet me carry you home\n\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\n\nEveryone deserves a little precious time\nTo stumble till they find a little piece of mind\n\nJust show me the real you\nSo that I can feel you\nI promise I won't let you down\nJust show me the real you\nSo that I can feel you\nI promise I won't let you down\n\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen you're tired and you're weary\nAnd you have no strength to go on\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen there's no one to turn to\nAnd all you have faith in is gone\nLet me carry you home\n\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen there's no one to turn to\nAnd all you have faith in is gone\nLet me carry you home
lai bhari
The melody remembers me Red Lights but this one is better.\nBetter than that song: just the big room mix
feels good
😍😍😍😍    tiesto
I'm a 20 year old producer and I make music like tiesto !!! Please, listen on my channel :)
i love this song <3
Memory Lane takes me bk to Myrtle Beach, SC ...Home away from home! Thank you Tiesto! Carrying this one inside. Bella Vita baby!
sick video!! and great song of course
I really appreciate this song by one of the best djs ever
Excellent work. The melody is interesting. Very classic sound.
Great job on the video Jeremiah!! :)
Love this song just wait it will blow up
I love progressive house, best tiesto song
King James Bible Proverbs 3:5\nTrust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding.\nTHE ARCHANGEL MICHAEL.
New Rington of my phone.
everyone needs room to make mistakes
Man that triumph looks just great next to the bonfire
Waiting for the Tiesto edit.
the new 'Wake me up'
It's really Amazing song i ❤ it
We miss you a lot at the video, Tiesto. Why you don´t appear?
good job, great music great voice 👌👏
1:19 , we all have been there
Lyrics and the beats both are perfect like DJ tiesto 😊☺️
Awesome rachket from tiesto and aloe blacc....brings back memories of his song with avicii -wake me up
FROM B O L I V I A
THIS IS FUCKING SICKK\nSORRY TIËSTO THE DISLIKES ARE FROM MY NEIGHBOURS!!!
Who is here before 50k?
Before 200000 views 😃😃
So beautiful
let my carry you tiesto
Love this!
Tiesto is life
Here before 1M!!!
It is true that Tiesto is Marshmello??
iine!!
💪👌👍👏👊❤❤❤
tiesto sempre renovando e inovando em suas canções!
💯✔😍🔥👌🎧🎶
Yine yaktın bee🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
whos here in 2018
so so
https://youtu.be/Wv6APIkfsVU
I like is very good song like from #jordis #catalunya
Damn good
bang on Tiesto
Geniooooo! ♡
MEXICO
Br..manifestem se
Wow❤️❤️❤️
AMAZING
Yes!  Oh my God,  yes!
Yassss Jeremiah!! Killed this video
¡ Clublife, Vol. 5 - China !
Justin <3
Tiesto no ha muerto perras!! is great
A fucking + Jeremiah!!!
Tiësto still got it🔥🔥
Love it
I LOVE IT!
OMG this song .....
Here before million
Super!
And once again tiesto rocks :)
nope....
amazing....
king style
Nice Song Tiësto ! :D Poland <3
!!!!!!
shout out to catch surf beater boards!!
Thatoneblondkid!!! Amazing job
THATONEBLONDKID DOPE
Fans tiesto from Poland greetings! Epic song! 👊🇵🇱
King
temaso ,temaso !!!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t10s26GsWvY\nドロップのメロディが似てる…
your cool
*RING RING RING* ¨¿PAPI TE GUSTA LA CHAPA QUE VIBRA?¨
tiësto is the best :v \nTiësto el mejor :v
Home,, el mejor batido del líder, Americans!
You like Gooooooold duuuust~
Waiting for : Tiesto Edit
Amazing !!!!!!!!!!
😊😊😀😀😀😀
Banger
Amazing job! 👏😍
Amazing song !!
Pretty nice!
Família moura representando
Calixto porra this is brazil
thats my cousin !!!!!
Like als je nederlands bent!
Classic Tiesto video matches with the classic Tiesto sound
BTOB GOT THEIR NUMBER ONE SPOT BACK ON MELON 😭😭💙💙 CONGRATS MELODYS CONGRATS BTOB 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
thank you to all the Melodys who did the subs!! We may not be the biggest fandom but we're dedicated!
Melodies please vote for them on MAMA for the best vocal group, they've worked so hard on their album, if they win it'll be a gift to them! Let's show them what we've got!
this is just too beautiful
BABY here to support these wonderful boys!\nI've listen to BTOB's songs before and I enjoyed them all 😊\nTime to become a Melody 😍
I just realized that cube changed the title of this mv after several days been listening to this mv. At first, it was in korean (hangeul). But now, it's in english. They realized that international melodies also loves to streaming this mv several times. Hahahaha... Thanks for changing the name, it makes us easier to search it (some people said that searching manually can add score to this mv tho). Cube! You really understandable 😍
BTOB  #Fighting 💪
Hope....they really get popular internationally...those who have not listen to this song are really unlucky....This song is really addictive...it's my first time listening to BTOB......I really love the song...I wish more people know about them......such an amazing piece of music....best of luck....BTOB👍
this is my second time listening to btob and i regret that i should have start stanning them earlier
Omg .i feel na pag iwanan ako sa mga new/songs nila .magbabalik loob na ako sa pag fangirl .
No entiendo
헐ㅠㅠ 드뎌나왔다 ㅠㅠ 미친 ㅠ
Melody ph labas daliiii ang ganda omo
♥
Extrañaaaaandoteeeeee, solo vivo extrañando tus besos y tu miradaaaaaaaa
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
*GUYS PLEASE VOTE BTOB IN MAMA 2017 PLEASE* 😢
Extrañandote... WHAT? 😨 This is soooo beautiful!
GRABE. MAY TAGALOG SUB NA DIN?! Ang awkward basahin hahaha!! PH MELOS FIGHTING!! ❤️❤️❤️
another awesome heartwarming song by BTOB!
좋다 인생노래될듯!!!!!!!!
OMG ❤❤❤👌
My boys deserve everything
YO. THIS MY SHIT
i love you BTOB
I've never really got into BTOB's music but this song is absolutely beautiful
BTOB is a healing-doll.. i agree..😊
I am Starlight but rightnow i am Melody too. I can't believe. They are so..... 😭 God Please. why this song so beautiful 😭😭😭
everyone missing out on btob has a life thats incomplete
MONBEBE here to support. Thank you so much MELODY who helped us streaming Monsta X Beautiful M/V. Finally it surpassed 20M views. Love you guys.
I really love this.... My tears fall down when I turn on the subtitle and understand all the lyrics <3 What a beautiful song!
BTOB  is so talented 👏. One of the few groups that I stan and love pretty much every song.
Everyone need to see this masterpiece\nI wish to see my 7 idols💙💙💙💙💙💙💙\n\nForever melody
I do miss you,too BTOB <3
Dont forget to VOTE BTOB ON MAMA!!! MELODIES FIGHTING!
When I saw the title in spanish I was like damn
I'm not a melody but I always acknowledged BTOB's talent. I hope they'll grow bigger & their music can be heard throughout the entire world :)
After jackson and yugyeom fanboying over BTOB peniel i have to check this out ahahaha\nANW it's a great song.
wow beautiful song, beautiful vocals, beautiful lyrics, everything is meaningful, i love this! i hope nu'est and btob will be more successful, fellow 2012 debut friends ^^
Actually im not a fan of BTOB but this song omg so beautiful to describe..❤fighting BTOB❤
VOTE FOR BTOB on 'Best Vocal Performance Group' on 2017 MAMA.
Cube-nim, how about a Choreography MV since melodies achieved 3M views less than a week? 😂🎉
I'm igot7,i knw i suppose to stream got7 mv but wht wrong with me??  i'm here??  i'm sorry got7..
I'm literally crying! This song it's beautiful &  sad to the same time... Thanks for think in Latin fans❤😢
This really got me into tears :'(
I honestly don't understand how this song wasn't nominated for Best Music Video on mamas. Just everything about this mv just fulfills the meaning of the song obviously not to mention the fact that it is aesthetically pleasing, and the transitions from one scene to another is also genius. They are too under appreciated for their work. This song is beautiful
subbed to 35 languages i love this fandom
I hope they win awards. Even if they don't, the battle for Kpop talent has already been won by Btob!
Oh this song really really suit you BTOB ah!!! Beautiful as a flower <3
Why is American Sign Language a CC option? Ajkdksnsks
vocals are no joke 👌 as expected 💯 BTOB 👏
best song ever. love you BTOB!
i thought i read the 'BTOB(Btob) 'ay nawawala' Official Music Video' title wrong.....((((((but because it has been translated to Filipino language...))))) kkkkk..
excellent vocals I love them ... every song is great 😍😍😍😍
thank you melody helping winner , i will always root for btob! I love theor vocals, i started liking them after wgm but my bias is changsub :))
Btob never fails.. I love you... Such amazing souls with soo much talent! ❤ One of the very first Kpop groups I was introduced to.
I can't get this song off my head. It's so beautiful.
while listening to the song and reading the lyrics I couldn't stop thinking of my best friend who died 2 years ago.. I don't even know why, but it just reminded me of her. The song is damn beautiful though.
feels ....
ELES COLOCARAM AAAAAA
비투비 오빠들 노래는 항상 공감가는 노래가 많은 것 같다💙 그래서 더 좋다💙💙 앞으로도 이렇게 노래해주세요~!! 항상 힘들지만, 투비 오빠들 노래 들으면서 힐링 하고 갑니다...!! 멜로디가 응원할께요ㅎ 예지앞사 비투비❤
love you btob
Woah. There's filipino language? Rare xDD
Porque sinto sua falta  se 그리워하다 em português significa senhorita ?
Eu vi o sinto sua falta já pensei, BTOB cantando em português? SHSHSHSNSKS fui Alice
Tentando processar o pq de estar escrito sinto sua falta no título
ME ENCANTAAAAA!\nES UNA MELODÍA GENIAL!!
Wow!! No sabía que tanto el título como la descripción de un video podía cambiar de idioma dependiendo del lugar!! Estoy impresionada y muy contenta... Es tan hermoso ver el título de una canción de BTOB en español <3 <3 <3 :3 :3 \nTan orgullosa de que aparezca en distintos idiomas. \nMuy bien!! =D =D <3 <3
Shore de lo hermosa que está está canción
Please guys help us, BLACKJACKS, to share this #2ne1mama and help us to get 400.000 comments and 1 milion of like to goodbye by 2ne1. We are doing this for a 3 member comeback to mama
I'm a Turkish Melody 🇹🇷🇹🇷 . Turkish Melody love BTOB ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
This is the best bday gift! Thank you so much BTOB!
I can't help but think that the lyrics seem like it was meant for Joy. How i wish.. it was true<3
This is a beautiful song, I love it.
my ballad king!!!! lee changsub!! lee changsub!! your voice totally make me melt!!!
aqui jaz todas as melodys do Brasil e as lusofalantes!!!
Eu jurava que eles iam falar sinto sua falta em português mesmo,trouxa
Morta que o título é em português
Português???? Eu vi errado? To morta. Amei demais. Eu LOVE BTOB ♥ Quanto amor! ♥♥♥
Por que o título tá em português? Eu tô até com medo
con cada comeback me sorprenden, por eso son uno de mis grupos favoritos 👏😍
Pensé que había algo mal con mi computador cuando vi el título
Que video hermoso y canción hermosa \nPerfecta💕\n\nMucho amor para BTOB<3
Diganme que no Fui la Unica que me Emocione por el Titulo *O*
for the 50 i hear this song and 1000000000 liter  i tears out
I'm crying again😭 this MV always make me cry.. thanks you so much btob because make this song for melodies😭💞
Thank you BTOB for the great song !! <3
كالعادة مبدعين ورائعين \nكلمات الأغنية أكثر من رائعة \nانها حقا تهز قلبي عند سماعها \nسأستمر بدعمكم للأبد btob \nاحبكم .\nArabic love 😍
Even there is hindi subtitle in this mv.. so funny😂😂 its the first time that I am seeing hindi subtitle in kpop mv.. but i am grateful that btob is more recognise now..omooo 35 subtitles for this mv😱😱 fighting melody!!!
....한국인 찾아요오...\n아 봐도봐도 쩐다ㅏㅏㅏㅏ♡♡♡♡♡♡\n비투비! 영원히! 사 랑 해♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Sinto sua Falta, que hino pt-br!
Melody we have to vote for btob for best vocal group on mama. They are currently in 3rd place. Let’s give our boys a win🏆🔜
Wow ger- sub .. am i dreaming??
Hello random melody scrolling through the comments ✌
LET'S VOTE BTOB ON MAMA! THEY ARE NOMINATED ON BEST VOCAL PERFORMANCE GROUP! THEY ARE ON 3RD SPOT WITH 19.4%. LET'S DO OUR BEST, MELODYS! VOTE VOTE VOTE! LINK: http://www.mwave.me/en/mama/vote
WHATS WRONG WITH CUBE??? THEY PUT MANY SUBS IN IT?? OR FANS WHO DID THAT?? I LIKE THISSS
DON'T FORGET TO VOTE FOR BTOB FOR Best Vocal Performance Group AT MAMAS
Very underrated group.
BTOB Sinto sua Falta \nvim correndo igual louca achando que eles fizeram uma versão em português kkkkk como pude
holy shit I jusy checked the subs and there are so many languages! were they inputted by fans or was it originally there since the mv was uploaded?
Omg 😍😮 DK’s visual ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Am I literally the only person that has to listen to this song every night before I got to sleep? Like, The Vocal Team's vocals are so soothing and calming. Like, every time I play this song, I just feel so relaxed? and so happy. I love SEVENTEEN, so freaking much. I love this song so freaking much, and I'll continue to listen to this song everyday, because it's truly a masterpiece.
I saw Lee Seokmin's face and almost cried. Amazing song
DK really never fails my expectations, also Woozi\n\n\nBut JOSHUA!! I love how he got so many lines here His voice is beautiful ♥︎
I CANNOT AND WILL NOT EVER BE ABLE TO GET OVER SEOKMIN AND JIHOON’S INCREDIBLE, BEAUTIFUL VOICES. UGH. THIS WHOLE THING IS SO GOOD
I keep smilling when I heard this song and everything I saw seem so beautiful.. good job our vocal team. . im proud of them.. their song always beyond my expectation.. I dont afraid with this comeback because they will produce a very good song. I trust SEVENTEEN .. and good luck to them and to my little producer, WOOZI
DK'S JAWLINE COULD CUT A BITCH UP
LOVE this chorus so MUCH!
OMG big change of hairstyle! they sing so well
THIS IS AMAZING AS ALWAYS\nCARATS DONT FORGET TO VOTE FOR SEVENTEEN IN MAMA,AAA AND MANY MORE
this song is so addictive i swear and the aesthetics of the video i can't TvT\nseventeen never disappoints
this song is beautiful and it reminds me in past with my old friends and we were having so much fun back then, im in tears 😭😭😩
This is tbh the best ballad song that woozi produced so far
CARATS, LETS VOTE OUR SEBONGS FOR MAMA 2017. DONT BE A LAZY MAIDEN PLEASE :(
Vote for Seventeen MAMA 2017 .....1 vote per day\nhttp://www.mwave.me/en/mama/vote
TT-TT my feels
PERFECT
하루에 한번씩은 꼭 듣는 곡..
Please vote for seventeen
❤❤❤
💖
So many smart Carats <3
IM SO PROUD OF MY BOYSSSSS! WHOAAAAA
Woooowwwwww daeeebakkk 💖💓
Ugh i adore hong jisoo sm
This song is so so beautiful, i love vocal team
actually i am more into JeongHan's hairstyle of Don't wanna cry. anyways, i cannot deny the handsome faceu :))))
*[Friendly Reminder]*\n#VOTE_FOR_SEVENTEEN\nLovely Carats let's vote for the boys on MAMA 2017!\nSEVENTEEN is nominated for three categories:\n1. Best Male Group\n2. Best Music Video\n3. Best Dance Performance Male Group\n\nSign in (you can use your social media account) and vote, one vote for one account per day...!
Uji has the shortest lines but his lines are always have the impact. Just like frosting 🙂They really made this year, theirs. ❤
I love the song.It't so great.
Carats Lets Stream and Vote for Seventeen MAMA ON MWAVE !! Hwaiting ♡♡♡♡♡
Vote for them on MAMA Carats they really deserve the best performer of the yr
Can you tell me the way they differentiate each one please? I want to join the CAROT :)\nSorry for my english xD I'm using the google traductor and my english xdxd (I speak spanish) love you CARAT's
GAH I LOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH. CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS COMEBACK\nALSO,\nPLEASE SUPPORT SEVENTEEN & DON'T WANNA CRY BY VOTING <3 <3 THEY DESERVE IT\nhttp://www.mwave.me/en/mama/vote
DK so soft here
dk
I love jung han♡♡♡
WOOZZIIII YOURE SO CUTE 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
that moment when i can't even understand what they're singing about, but i'm already crying
okay but tbh i thought jeonghan was a knk member in 2:33
Can we pls hold on for a Moment and listen to this amazing Song witch makes me deprest but I dont f***ing care and enjoy Woozi's AMAZING VOICE!!!!\n\nI'm gonna Cry T•T... I LOVE YOU JOSHUA!!!!
Joshua's voice is so calming I'm in love
Is this based on sparkle by RADWIMPS?? \nIts the same piano sound :0
Is this song comes from heaven?
i can see this song in my replay button rip\n\n\nbtw they looks quite similar now since they got all the same hairstyle
I love seventeen😅
Seungkwan pls😭
shine boys, shine ✨
SLAY THAT CHORUS JISOO
s h 0 0 k
I love this song. 💜😍👏👏\n#SayTheNameSEVENTEEN \n#SeokminAndJoshuaMyBias.
it made me calm down .this song is really something
So relaxing, this is perfect.
The only project that i'm more than willing to focus on without procastinating..... 😍😍😍😍😍😍
This song is so beautiful! 😊🤗❤️
Idk why, but I felt grateful to be sliped at the diamond life since seventeen tv cause OMG SEVENTEEN IS SOOOOO COOOLLLLLLL LIKE COOL COOL COOL. BYE WORLD IM DYING.
How old r u guys?? Like if u wanna know
This needs to be an OST for a drama
seventeen is the best!!! ever!!!
this song just got me right into the feels
I wonder what the undersaturated shots mean (Seungkwans shots and Jeonghan playing the piano). Like I'm pretty sure it was done in purpose. Other shots were perfectly graded. Could it be a flashback of some sorts? Or am I overthinking things hahahaha lol
They're soo BOotiful\nthat i can just cry by just looking at them.\nAnd omg their voice 😭😍
I TEAR UP EVERY FREAKING TIME
am i dead now? why does it feel like im in heaven after watching this?
This song somehow gave me a peace & calm mind.
Pround of u 😍😍😍 this song is so good and it is the best in My heart right now ! I will support all of u forever,  My angel ❤❤❤ i feel so lucky when know seventeen 🌸🌸
I LOVE SEVENTEEN NO ONE HAS ANY IDEA THEY ARE PRECIOUS AND TALENTED AND EVERYTHING AND THEY DESERVE ALL SUCCESS THEY ARE BEAUTIFUL THIS IS BEAUTIFUL THE WORLD HAS BEEN BLESSED
this is so beautiful
I miss them so much.... sorry for not being active dis days... but I'll make sure to love this guys... look at them how talented they r... I love being carat so much.... always love svt
I was crying when I listening to this huhuhuhuhu
DK N JEONGHAN LOOK SOOOOOOOOO MATURED THAN KNOWN AS SEBONG OMMA N PABO DK 😂 THEY BECAME MORE HANDSOME THO
Lyrics♥ Vocal♥ Melody♥ Harmony♥ Visual♥  PERPECT :D♥
3:03\nspeechless:)
i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love- (<<<my thoughts about everyone in this mv)
who else though jeonghan was boo
Hello I'm dying
I need more seventeen 😢😢😢
why am i crying
Heaven is pretty
😄😍😍😍😘😘😍😘😍😘🤗😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😍😘😍😅😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘
Who's cutting onions?   \n\nThis is so beautiful,  I'm proud of my boys.
joshua stop hajima juseyo
ommo 😱😱😱
This song makes me cry, happy tears off course. So far all the groups of svt, did a great job! 2017 is totally their year. They're slaying so much. 😭😭😭
this jihoon's master piece is killing me! i dont know why im crying. srsly!!
even whoever who dislike this is secretly a carat, just look at the total dislike : 287\n\n2+8+7 = 17\n🤣🤣🤣
this song deserves an awards
Omg jeonghan is life 😍
THE VISUALS THE TALENT I AM SHOOK
Kirana,,, 123@@@,,,
Jisooooooooo love you(๑°3°๑)
#TEEN_AGE 🎉😍💕
I like this song and very very hard listen for this.
Remember how everyone said they were whipped in the beginning but now we all ready to go bankrupt?
항상 좋은 노래 고마워요. 사랑합니다
Isn't anyone going to talk about Dokyeom's outfit? It just doesn't suit him. looks way too big for him! Seungkwan boo looking great <3
OMG I LITERALLY HAVE NO STRESS YAY FOR MY BABIES
All these groups are starting to get on my nerves. How is this mediocre music being compared to the Kings of kpop omg Their 55 seconds of fame need to end now
kenapa kalian terlihat kurus di mv ini :((
11월 6일 컴백아니에요?
I used to like cody. Marvels of tge science is still something I watch every month. Hikarious. Most or this show is hilarious too. Yet, when u say this is a man problem and not a henry weinstein problem you dont just drop the ball, you shove it up your ass in a childrens park for all to see. Please stop being a mangina. Actresses and actors are trying to get a job. If they agree to have sex with their boss to keep that job then yes they made that decision. Why the hate? He's a bad guy. But lets not be prude and say actresses and actors dont do much worse to get tge opportunity to play a part. Do u honestly believe the most famous of performers never chose to do something of their own free will to get a job?
I like him because he is angry in a acidic, poisonous way. I also agree with him a lot, but that's besides the point.
Weinstein is an anecdote. Alone he doesn't indicate anything. Even adding the people who protected him doesn't prove anything as the sample size is too small. This case just stands out because he and the people who didn't speak up are celebrities. Not saying there isn't a real problem, just saying that it's a logical fallacy to draw conclusions on society as a whole off of the actions of a single individual or a few individuals, or for that matter anything other than scientifically-collected statistical data (and even then the statistics may or may not be representative depending on how they were collected).
To the It's not a 'men' problem; it's a 'power' problem people. Our society is patriarchal. It's a men problem.
a woman - oh, it's THAT stock image woman
7:12 when a neck becomes a person, sadly not true because at least a neck has some spine!
A woman's response to the mindset of the short sided and misandrist video\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oa_QtMf6alU
This only look like a Men problem because men getting raped etc is never brought up or talked about in the media, this is a power problem.
This is just sad. Cracked has sunk lower that Buzzfeed. I'm done here. Unsub.
Humanity has really shown it's true colours in the last 5 years. Most of you  here are fucking disgusting.
i'm glad that i watch other sources as well, such as the DeFranco show, or I wouldn't know how bias some of these points are
I HATE that you had to help goldstein's position in any way and i liked you man. I want to be absolutely clear i do not think he is innocent i do believe he did but you had to make this a radical feminist mental gymnastic course. first of all this isn't a male problem, this is a power problem he had power over these females because the power given to him by hollywood and hidden by the industry (both male and female). females can also abuse this type of power thats why its not a male problem. \n\nsecondly yes, as painful as it must be, there is the burden of proof. a harsh but very important part of our law system. so you know innocent people dont go to jail or prison because some one points a finger. think about how the world would be if any one can point at you and say you are a murderer and you get the death penalty. so i do have empathy. think about every one that has ever had a false allegation of any crime. where is empathy there? do you want an other the salem witch trails? you say,shut up, develop empathy, read a book, and listen. if i had to summarize, you are saying if you dont agree with me stop giving your opinions, listen to the women.  because im smarter and have more emotions. the thing is women are wrong too, women lie too. not all but some and thats why i like to be sure its real.
Rape is about power often.
Lets not forget male victims of sexual abuse in Hollywood like Cory Feldman and Corey Haim? Feldman being told to shut up because he's ruining it for everyone by speaking out by Barbra Walters. Let's also not forget men can also be victims and women can also be perpetrators of sexual abuse. #menarevictimstoo
Richest duck in the world. You leave my boy McDuck out of this, fuckers
I agree with a Cracked video.  It's the end of the world.  Seriously, though.  This was a good video.  Very good points.
Tarantino came out and said he knew about it and he did nothing because he didn't take it as seriously as he should have. So I guess he wins a tasty Oreo mini.
Petty joke junction is just bad.  Bad.  None of those jokes landed, mostly due to their complete and total irrelevance.  As for Rose McGowan getting banned on Twitter, that's a non-story from the internet outrage machine of clickbait journalism.  She shared someone's personal details in a tweet, got banned for it, fixed the problem, got her account back.  Whether or not people were zealously policing her posts because of what she was saying is irrelevant, here, she broke a rule, fixed the problem, got her tweeting powers back.  If journalists could find five minutes of integrity and investigate the gender, racial, political, or subject matter bias of those against whom the rules are actually applied, that would be a story, but until then, I just wish people would actually report complete facts, not just the pieces that suit their narrative.  Rose McGowan was tweeting about sexual harassment.  Rose McGowan got banned from Twitter.  That makes a better story than the complete truth, and it's not a lie.
He's fighting to be the biggest cuck on YouTube and is climbing the ranks fast.
He didn't leave the country, he's in Arizona (more to our shame).  Not as far to travel but still a great place to say you're  fixed after giving some quack tens of thousands of dollars.
This whole story is disgusting.  So, Rose McGowan gets the oreo, right? She knew, went through it, took the money, and did nothing in 1997. Lovely.
OK even if it's a problem with #ALLMEN, shouldn't we at least be boycotting Hollywood?\nI'm betting most of you won't be doing that.
They don't speak out because they are willing to put themselves in situation were they end up getting money... women only care about money don't be fooled peopl
Just came back here to see if anyone noticed that Trevor Noah stole the title of this episode in a bit on the daily show last night
yeah, I wouldn't do good with power. all I think about is sex. sex and power are a bad combination
Couldn't get past a minute and 37 seconds
So, because an actor plays a badass with a gun *in a fiction product*, guns sell more and the violence culture is boosted? Sheess, next line will be videogames are making our children more violent... Remember, America: not the whole world is like America.
It's a humam problem.
apparently cracked has never heard of libel, slander or defamation of character.
So let me see if i understand u—harvey weinstein is a shitbag rapist, hollywood is a dirty dirty place full of rapists and pedophiles which nobody will name names bc they wanna be on the screen, and its all trump’s fault?
Funny how  Trump is brought into the picture on a Hollywood scandal, but not Anthony Weiner or Ted Kennedy.  Oh lame jokes too.
i really enjoy petty joke junction. lets just do that for ten minutes. not kidding. do it.
I'm each time more impressed with this segment. \nCongrats. On the content and delivery. 👏
As a man it makes me physically ill to be associated even by gender identity with vile, dishonest and sexually aggressive scum like this.  Its not complicated, stop for a second and imagine if someone was going to do to your mother or sister or daughter what you are about to do, then if you think it would make you outraged don't f**king do it.
The 'rape culture' thing sounds suspiciously to me like the modern day equivalent of this..\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Day-care_sex-abuse_hysteria
The whole of this subject aside... Your petty joke junction segment is really not funny!
Our new brief, hopefully one time segment, Shut the fuck up, develop empathy, read a book, and listen to a woman.\nBravo Cody and you whacky Cracked kids
Every time Cracked is doing a thing about toxic masculinity and all that shit, I'm very grateful that they're doing this good stuff with their purview.
huh this seems pretty bias i'm gonna go somewhere else
A men problem? You fucking dickhead. Ive never once raped, or assaulted a woman. Neither has any of my friends, brothers, uncles, father or grandfather. Piss off with your agenda.
I see the pathology of the new ceo is only putting leftists in trending again. Let's blame men, not evil people. When the right uses identity politics by blaming black people for crime or muslims for terrorism, we frown upon it and rightly so. But it's okay when leftists do it. Sexual assault doesn't happen because you're a man, it happens because you have an evil streak resulting from not being able to adapt yourself (even if biology is a factor) to society.
Its a power problem not a men problem you are fooling yourself if you think it wouldn't happen if women were in power
its not my problem you fucking pleb
Do you know how easy it is to lie about being the victim of sexual harassment?
Pretty ridiculous to shit on Affleck for not playing the white knight and coming out against Weinstein. You want him to have publicly forced victims of abuse into an earlier confrontation with their abuser? How on earth could this be Affleck's prerogative? Say it and fix it! is an incredibly childish demand.
By the logic of the title All men are responsible for what another man does, so all white or all black people must be responsible for what their entire race does, or maybe all christians or muslims are responsible for others of their religion? MAYBE all women are responsible for each other as well, such as false accusations (not this case above), pregnancy, emotional support? \n\nRape is rape, forcible sexual fornication. Sexual Assault is as bad but not penetration. Again both are as bad so outside legal speak it does not matter how she worded it. He did horrible shit. But let's also not forget that people (not just women) but people lie about rape for many reasons, in this case I DO NOT think it is a lie at all but I'm saying we can't just take every accusation as 100% true, unfortunately this is why we need to prove it like any other crime. Because people can lie even about horrific shit like this.
I'm not going to be made to feel guilty because some man sexually harassed women. I don't feel guilty when a man stabs or shoots another person. Crimes should be punished accordingly but not everyone is the same.
There you happy now we made fun of wienstien, now can we please get back to trying to destroy Trump. Because Trump saying things about women is the same as Wienstien forcing his way into a women's home and violently fucking her in the hallway. The absolute state of the left.
I'd loooove to see this propagandist go do some on the ground reporting... like a news person. :p
Rose McGowan was silenced by twitter because she doxed someone by tweeting private email addresses. It doesn't discount the real story but it does feed into the argument idiots make by not discussing things that dont fall into (how true it may be) narrative..
Cody, shave your face, button your shirt, wear a bow tie and look like a professional if you are trying to be one.  Otherwise you can’t expect anyone to respect you as one.
I would like to patreon some news as it has become one of my favorite shows and I want to keep it coming
Black crime is a black problem. \n\nIf you're put off by this statement but think the video's title is fine, you're probably a moron. \n\nNB4: LoL look at teh trigured mankin If there's anything men love more than rape, it's being rhetorically lumped in with sleazeballs. Also manspreading.
Do these terribly offendable boys honestly think anyone actually believes all men are bad and don't speak up and so on? No. You do not. So get off your soapbox. The problem is not enough do. Sorry you don't want to hear about it.  Do something or sit down and shut your mouths for once.
Why do I love Daniel O'Brien, yet hate Cody Johnson?
sean hannity wouldnt know what to do with a woman if he was ever allowed anywhere near one
very good, \n\nbut the petty joke junction thing should've been cut out
Four thousand dislikes? Who the fuck are you defending in this piece?
This blaming all men thing has really been working so far, so keep it up.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJust to be clear I agree that this is fucked up, I'm saying that this fucktard isn't helping. His smug condescending attitude makes me want to punch a baby. I know you all like it because you're the same way.
Seems a bit hypocritical for Cody to be pointing fingers when he himself is, in fact, a man, and is therefore partially the source of the problem. Own your responsibility for this, Cody! Stop trying to weasel out of it by just blaming others. #feminism
Can you go back to making funny pop culture videos... This is just sub-par liberal media that others do much better. I'm left wing but you just seem angry and unfunny.
1. I live in Santa Rosa and have a penis. The entire thing was my fault.\n\n2. Hollywood needs an OSHA. Rapey keyholders need an agency dedicated to stopping them.\n\n3. The bro clubs in nearly every industry are supported by women who look up to them. (Envy them?)\n\n4. Wait a minute...is the entertainment industry a modern day Catholic Church?\n\n5. Yes, one should be proud to eat pussy.\n\n6. Powerful rapists are confused by gold diggers, and it’s a circle I would never be a part of. I just...I just don’t know how to feel! I’ll just be angry and ashamed I guess.
Fuck Hollywood. Fuck Celebrities. Fuck Fox News. Fuck Trump. Fuck the Patriarchy. Mkay, think that about covers it.
I'm surprised at how many dislikes there are in this video and disgusted if I'm being honest like who the hell are these people
ALL THESE FAKE JEWS STICK TOGETHER
#metoo #rosearmy
Best episode yet
Jimmy Saville.
This newsperson is fucking awesome
Thereby tightly efficiency eoixkw deck accuracy spend combat.
Petty Joke Junction. CHOO CHOO!
Does Quentin Tarantino get the mini oreo?
Cuck News Network
Boss chapter perceive rest serve capability hair.
Finally someone gets it.
Amen.
FAKE
Cracked is going all SWJ
🙌🏾
i love petty joke junction
More like a jew problem. Amirite fellas?
Bro...this was everything
Men tend to react with fight or flight and women with friend or freeze wow never heard a more sexist justification for false rape accusations against men where there's even video evidence she was into it while simultaneously blaming male victims by asking why they didn't fight or flight.
You know what...you are the problem.\n\nCracked... What a fucking pile of shit.\n\nMen are the problem? This is why the left keeps losing. This is why the left has become a stupid meme. It's no fucking secret that cracked became a liberal circle jerk a few years ago.\n\nI bet these youtube comments are just as cancerous as the comments on their articles too. \n\nIts  a Hollywood problem. Why? Because all of Hollywood knew, all of Hollywood kept quiet. \n\nWomen included.
You're already blaming a whole group of people for a problem.  Hitler blamed a whole group of people.  Don't do that
It's funny, you weren't saying it was an everyone problem when fox news was found out to be hiding sexual assault but as soon as Hollywood is shown to be nasty you turn the blame on everyone.\n\nHypocritical.
WHERES THIS WEEKS??
How about mass chemical  castration? Then no more rape, or sexual assault. It's all guys fault. Let's just eliminate the problem. Besides girls can't sexual guys right, so let's just feminize the planet people. I Know might sound pretentious but when nobody believes what you say. You start to get a lil edgey with your words.
I find it really pathetic how the channel will only like comments that are supportive of this video, what a spineless coward.
You lost me with whole don't look badass with a gun in a fictional movie part. It's art, we watch just as many action films in Canada as you do in the states, action films have nothing to do with gun violence. You sound like tipper gore protesting songs with swear words.
Everyone saying Hey, why are you saying ALL men are like this? because it says so in the title, that's just false. The title reads: Why Weinstein isn't a Hollywood problem, it's a men problem. It does not say all men, just like it's not saying that everyone in Hollywood is a rapist. What the title and the point of the video is about is that there is a systemic thing in the culture of men in general which promotes this type of open secret behavior. Cracked gave multiple examples of many other times this open secret situation has happened outside of Hollywood. It's supposed to make you think about all the stuff that men let slide by other men that they really shouldn't. That's the point. Nobody is saying that you, or your son, or your husband is a rapist, pedophile or sexual assaulter. Learn to read.
4000 dislikes? I didn't know that were that many offended rapists subscribed to Cracked.
liar...its a jew problem.
do thw thing
This is downright sexist
Fuck you cracked you mangina simps
thank you.
when I say men are trash, cody is not included
Years there's been speculation of a large sexual deviant ring in hollywood, instead of going with that story, lets stick to disgusting sexist gender politics, keep people divided.
Definitely one of my favorite covers I've ever made. Let me know what you think! :) Don't forget to SUBSCRIBE!
Did you produce the remix? cuz we can't find that remix
Omg you’re so fvcking amazing
His hands are faster than flash oml
Nice
A God 🔥🙏🔥
Skrillex voltage (slushii remix)
Curuiz credo ...
matt please cover one of song from animals as leaders
the video has a incredible quality :)
Where's your ride bob?
Bro can you do a cover on a song Speo - Reminiscent? Plsss
This is so far my favorite remix😍
Bro you really are my fucking idol man shit you’re so talented and amazing at everything you play
Oh my god my brain is fried it can’t take the overload of awsome nice between the dudes hands and hair flying awsome cover my dude byeeee!
Prettyyy Pleaseee! Do a colab with Luke Holland and Cobus Potgieter ,the three of you doing a cover together oh man the world will go all nuts to see that, it would be a fantasy dream come true for fans to watch the three of you sit in a room together and play the drum.
Do a cover of Taylor swifts “ready for it”
dude your middle name  is sick rite
Am i the only person who feel trippin watching dis video? !?
Matt faz um drum cover de música brasileira
I love this ..... so freaking powerful 😍❤
You are really EXCEPTIONAL mate,  watching you on drums is really mesmerizing... just awesome. I have a personal  request bro, just wanna see this one - Elastic heart by sia. I searched for drum cover but honestly saying, I missed you
What drum mikes do you use??
How long do you play drums? Ya fkn awesome drummer! fk ye man!!!
Great Video and one of the top drummers. I would love to see a camera shot in the corner of the videos, of his kick and all that he does with his feet.
Sos un genio crack
Matt I'd really love to know where you got those skull cymbal toppers that you have. I'd love to get some!
Can you do Hollywood Undead: California dreaming?? I would love it!
MAATTT!! WHAT CAMERA DO YOU USE AND HOW IS IT SO STEADY?!
can you make drum cover for unravel song
still 36 retarded people and still counting since 19 Oct
Please make a drum cover Dive in by pierce the veil 🙇🙇🙇 we'll wait for it
I like this one https://youtu.be/LCAycxm7JzU
youre the fucking best my guy ! keep those writs working !
Amazing! Your playing is so clean and well executed!! Sick job dude. You inspired me to do a video and get back behind the kit! Ive done one and plan to do many more so thank you!
2:20 When you unlock ultra instinct
So tight it almost sounds like MIDI ;D
you need to do another one of this video its awfully amazing you need to do more of these songs I think the fans will love it a lot it really flashed back my memory's this song is on fire!!!!!!
Awesome cover!! I am your big fan!! ..trying to be u..check out my channel - ayush ranka
could pls add the remix without the drums,i want to try thus one my own  i luv it bro
And I thought I was a good drummer...
As soon as I heard the song Games by Demi Lovato I came right to your channel to see if you have a cover of it, please do one!!
please do cover for marshmello - silence (illenium Remix), i think your's drums will make it better
Don't ever stop doing covers. PLEASE!
you are such a good drummer
The way you mixed the high hats is really sick.
Where is slushii's credit? The drop in the midde was his remix of voltage. This wasn't just a remix of would you ever.
Wow. Cooper and Matt. Both were great!
Matt, don't tell Luke, but I like your covers a tiny bit more 🤘😎
Your the best bro!
You are my GOD\nRespect man hatsoff to your playing u are my idol\nLove u crazily\n😍😍😍😍
1 million face reveal of the camera man 😂
Can we get like a kit video??? I
how do you tune your floor toms
The beat amazing work on that matt
WOW! So amazing job!!! My favourite now!! The drums fit so well with music!!! WOW! GREAT JOB!! This is so amazing, I am speechless!!
I would go away with you, Matt :D
Instead of just always playing video of the logo in the beginnings you should maybe do like cinematic shots of your drums or something. It'd be more visually entertaining and appealing.
lots of love and respect matt keep going
Fuck Top!
Holly shi..!! So good, fantastic cover which fits perfectly Skrillex style! Moooore!!
Drop Dead
that dropdead shirt <3
How are you so good?
Epic
plz -> Excision & Space Laces - Throwin' Elbows (Getter & Virtual Riot Remix)
Hell yes!
The Amity Affliction-Fruity Lexia
insane!
AMAZING!
1:00 clean
Needs more cowbell ;)
The Resistance - Skillet pleasee
Great job!!
Awesome one bro! Great job!👏
nailed it, big fan here!
alien.
Welcome back!
Indonesian here
Ur so fucking sick mate
monsteer!!
охуительно
Toooop demaisss ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
awesome song Love you Matt McGuire
illenium beautiful creatures
we call him mattism strokes! <3
Matt McGuire > Luke Holland
Te amo 🤭🤭🤭🤪
deym this beat though so badass
Great work! Yikes
Spotify?!!
Hi
Holy shit dude\nThat was fucking sick
needs more cowbell
holy fuck I love 2:20 <3
zeeb!!😍😍keren😍
www.zazzle.com/teamdaniel
duel with  potgieter cobus plisssss
GET ON SPOTIFY!!
Ya un par de años viéndote. Eres un genio 😎😎😎
Luis is back
Suarez is a hero
MATS is the best.\nMarc\nAndre\nTer\nStegen
Le grand barça
LIKE SI MESSI ES EL MEJOR DEL MUNDO
Yo sabia el barca no iba a dejar ganar . Toma cholo pensaste que ibas a ganar
Que grande Messi ♡
Resultado injusto, el Barca mereció ganar el partido :v
I don't support either team, but the whole shushing gesture towards opposing fans needs to stop in football. Why not show some class and run over to your own fans and embrace them for backing you, rather than stoop to the level of the average fan giving you verbal abuse for 90 minutes? The only time I can condone the shushing gesture is if racial bile is being aimed at players, that shit is NOT okay.
It was a great game nobody won nobody lost it was a Draw go barca go messi go team go
Velverde really trying to fuck up Gomes career placing him RM. C'mon man give him a first place as a CM. 2 shots.
Griezman was on a mission
The english comment u r looking for
Just an English comment passing through :P
Penaldo Tapinaldo Divenaldo is the worst player in the world
Good and fabulous match performances from every players of both the team.\nYet Stegen  - Awwwwww \nAf  a long time. Been an good match to watch.
Suarez mandando a callar al atletico k payaso
Барса без неймара даже лучше!
Needed alex hunter
Live https://youtu.be/4dX_qqtUfQ8
Barca defense = shit
Барса чёрты не смогли Атлетико ёбнуть
Aúpa atleti
Pessi
👈👌
Saúl puto amoooo
QARABAĞ  -ATLETICO MADRID 0:0 AZERBAIJAN BRAVO
Good barca team\n               Suarez\n\nSane                      Dembele\n    \n                Messi\niniesta                busquets\n\nAlba   Umtiti  Pique Semedo\n              Ter   Stegan\n\nSane and Dembele add pace  in the wing
Sack the Barca coach
Sell Gomez ffs
DETIK DETIK SEBELUM MENINGGAL KIPER PERSELA CHOIRUL HUDA https://youtu.be/WvL6wpZQQQk
vow of silence
o .
VISCA EL BARCA.💪 👊
ViscaelBarca!
Gooool de Barcelona va mos 😘❤
https://youtu.be/_TP2XV6bioo
Pura mierda pique
Barca scum on the cover
Gabon
Espectacular
Este Barca tiene buena pinta eh...😏
Madridistas hijos de puta
Jogão
English?
Barca tooooop
bravo😱😱😱😱mm s
Intense game
messinin vuruşu direye deymeseydi 1-2 olucakdı
A clear handball..😑
Ter khrigan hhhhhhh
Respuesta rápida: fastservicegroup@fastservice.com\n\nSomos un grupo de expertos financieros capaces de otorgarle un préstamo al monto que necesita y con condiciones que le facilitarán la vida.\nEstas son las áreas en las que podemos ayudarlo:\n* Financiero\n* Préstamo inmobiliario\n* Préstamo de inversión\n* Préstamo automático\n* Deuda de consolidación\n* Margen de crédito\n* Segunda hipoteca\n* Recompra de crédito\n* Préstamos personales\nEstá bancarizado, prohíbe la banca y no tiene el favor de los bancos o, mejor aún, tiene un proyecto y necesita financiamiento, mal crédito o necesita dinero para pagar facturas, fondos para invertir en negocios.\nEntonces, si necesita un préstamo, no dude en contactarnos para obtener más información sobre nuestros términos.
*Almohadas para adultos*\n*https://www.etsy.com/magicworldmira/listing/562507151/*\n*Ofrezca un ambiente íntimo y especial de pasión, en su habitación, con almohadas para adultos.*
Que grande Suarez
cuando ba jugar barcelona vs ajuventus
amo el festejo de suarez jajaja NACIONAL TE ESPERA CRACK
Abajo el barsa
Parece enfadado Bojack Horseman
Terdggsgewrjd
Porquería de resumen: en que no viera el partido parece que sólo jugó el atlético. No sacaste más jugadas del Barça como el penalti a Messi. Dedícate a panadero, esto no es tu fuerte.
Piqué debería salir y pedir perdón a toda España, sería la única manera en que los pitos cesaran un poco, por que esto tiene pinta de que en cada provincia que vaya serán pitos y mas pitos
vaya puta mierda de miniatura un payaso provocando a la grada que inutil
Fue un buen partido
Si os gusta el cine os recomiendo este nuevo canal de YouTube!\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Xi-e7i8lKOE
Like si quieres que Claudio bravo vuelva al barça
Seguí haciendo goles Luis, es lo que molesta parece.
Los dos equipos están masomenos al mismo nivel.. aunque al Barça le hacen más refuerzos..
Porque el Atlético no metio a alex hunter?
Buen video y buen partido 😊 sigue asi OMG me encanto like
TODO EL MUNDO QUE ESTA VIENDO ESTE VIDEO SE TIENE QUE SUSCRIBIR AL CANAL, DAR A LA CAMPANITA I DAR LIKE / https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrvuaofJ68Y
Solo ponen las ocasiones del Atleti o que? Y la primera de Messi en el minuto 1?...
Cuidado que pega como cotto\nNo sé cómo llegué aquí
Fue un buen partido y el resultado lo vi mas o menos justo por lo que se vió, en los últimos minutos si hubiéramos aprovechado varias ocasiones de gol probablemente hubiéramos ganado el encuentro.
Que pena el barca estuvo a nada d ganar
Bonito partido 👌\n\nMuy buena segunda mitad del Barsa :D
Vaya Criticas a la celebración\nA sido igual que Messi al bernabeu o Raúl al Camp nou\nCada uno celebra los goles como quiera
Miren a estos chavales jugar al fútbol https://youtu.be/nneL0I3l-dU
Cruz Azul y el barca están igual
Puto vampiro de mierda que se vaya a comer pollas el jugador mas guarro de la historia de la liga y hasta que no acabe la mafia de la liga con sus presidentes corruptos siempre recibira ayudas este mierda club
Soy del Madrid y hubiera merecido que ganará  el barca  porque el Atleti es una mierda verlo jugar marca o algo y a la defensiva,eso no lo hace ni el Málaga xd
VIVA ESPAÑA UNIDA!!! MUERTE A LOS SEPARATISTAS!!!\nY AUPA ATLETI!!!!!
Suárez es dios
Messi el mago ,,desaparecida buahahaha 😝🖕🏽
Common play torres at the start not as a sub.. Torres is really ruining whatever career he has left by staying at athletico.\nThe playing style of athletico doesn't suit torres a bit and that is destroying torres
Estos culerdos son un disco rallado,son tan aburridos que solo saben decir que Mezzi es el mejor de la historia,aunque empaten
Jaaajj Luis Suarez is a boss, shut the fuck up wanda
Que grande Suárez mandando callar para darse un poco más de importancia por que actualmente no está entre los 20 mejores delanteros
Como siempre el atletico es griezman y el portero y 9 mas
Man city are buying Messi
Atleti demostrando otra vez las sucias ratas que son. Su fútbol es de vergüenza y que la afición lo apoye es denigrante. Así NUNCA serán grandes. Que fútbol más SUCIO.
00:53 si eso entraba ... 😱
Fursbol,deporte de niñatos campeones en tirarse y fingir,de ultras,donde todo vale,piedes subirte a una valla con un nene de cuatro años a decir bobadas que encima de aplaudirte te sacan en el dia despues,donde once pisa praos de octava categoria reciben mas ayudas que auteticos campeones de otras disciplinas olimpicas,que ademas,al llegar los juegos y quedar cuartos a todos estos fursboleros que no empataron con nadie a nada en su miserable vida les parece un fracaso de la hostia guiados por esos iluminados del marca y del chiringuito,esos Hermel y Roncero,archi conocidos por sus exitos y conocimientos(e imparcialidad :) ).Si un deporte de mierda,con una inmensa mayoria de aficionados de mierda,con unos valores de mierda,para una sociedad que apesta a mierda.Eso sin mencionar lo ladrones y defraudadores que son,ni de los MILES de millones de euros que deben estos hijoputas a Hacienda(o sea,a todos)Un delirio,pero como por el fursbol la masa traga lo que sea,desde pagar un dineral por un partido de ful un lunes a las diez,hasta justificar lo injustificable(peleas de ultras,jugadores delincuentes,presidentes defraudadores )una joya el futbol,vamos...
Madre mía Griezmann...
Barsani hər halına sevirəm
AUPA ATLETI
Hala Madrid!!
El hándicap es real
Bien por Suarez callando a los españoles xd
A quien ace callar el payaso ese de suares es un empate y lo ace ni que ubiesen ganado la liga le falta mucho para acer callar que payasos por favor esos cules que payasos an sido siempre y son por eso tienen 5 champions y nosotros 12
El Farza tan sortudo como siempre 😂😂😂
Everyone has demons.
I guess we're never gonna see Omega Red in the X-Men franchise.
please don't tell me this is a 15 or R
Well, now arya really IS the wolf girl!
i don't know about anybody else but I'm only going to watch this cause of Maise
the new mutants is the PERFECT team for a horror movie in the xmen world. Their story is so dark, and filled with demonic storylines. Dani's powers alone are to show you  your worst fear, the demon bear saga was basically a horror story, and Iilyana is the dark child that controls limbo which is like hell basically. I def recommend reading New Mutants. one of my fav xmen teams.
There it is... the first Marvel movie I won't be seeing.
I'm confused here, is this movie part of the X-Men film franchise??
when the boy in the mask poped up i thought it was creepypastas masky and i got so hyped
ALL I WANTED WAS ANOTHER X-MEN MOVIE. NOT THIS
Yawn, this is for the high school kiddie crowd only and they don't matter. On top of that, you're ripping off blade runner in the beginning. VK test knock off.
Sure, lets make all the Game of thrones actors mutants
Perhaps a rated R horror? Didn't see that coming. I think I love it. Fox continuing to show, how flexible the superhero genre can be. Hell yeah!
I know the New Mutants have done horror stories, but it just seems weird to introduce them as such.  It feels like you now can't do any sequels without making them ALL horror movies, or you'll drive away any fans you picked up with this one.
Fox gone harder this time :/
I may have an idea if they were to do a trilogy with this\nThe first movie could posses demon bear for it and the woman professor only locked him here so the kids will learn to use their powers after that she has no intention of releasing him but he somehow espaces and goes back to his master which could be Mr. Sinister (if fox isn't going to use him for x men or deadpool) the woman probably worked with Sinister to create more mutants but saw the evil of what he does so she betrayed him took one of his tests which could be demon bear\nThe second movie could have demon bear at full power and somewhere beyond the hospital and the third could be the new mutants vs Sinister\nLike if u agree........
And this is how you throw to the trash a complete saga.
So...a superhero movie trying not to be a superhero movie? Not sure if I'm onboard, I kinda wanted to see a New Mutant superhero movie. What's happening?\nIs someone altering my perception?\nI anticipate that this will not do well...
I love how the description only has 2 lines of information not even casting or summary of the plot just the name of the director and when it will be released.
Please dont say this is the next x-men movie?!
A marvel horror movie well that’s a first
Look like a better version of ahs
What genre is this movie gonna be??? Horror? Action?? Superhero???
OK....Who's.....idea was it.....To turn........one of the greatest superhero franchises of all time........INTO HORROR MOVIE HORSESHIT?!!!
Uh.. interesting.\nit's certainly a different take than I would have expected.
All in all your just another brick in the wall
Ironic isn't it, a trailer being released on friday the 13th, as well as the movie being released on the next friday the 13th?
dafuqq is this
This looks laughable.
Looks like garbage
I... Uh... Really?
Not waste time with trilogy due to low interest. Remember the snow-white trilogy and the hunter.
Why isn't this movie being released on October 13, 2018? It looks more like a movie that should coincide with Halloween.
That thing about baby rattlesnakes being more dangerous. \n\nNot even true.
I'm so not looking forward to this. Marvel heroes o.k, Mutants as in X-Men o.k. inhumans as in Shield and the new Inhumans show o.k. but I draw the line when Marvel turns all the fantasy and sci-fi we love into a horror show.  No thank you Marvel, we don't want Horror.
If Pink Floyd is the primary soundtrack, then I'm watching this
I came here.cause I thought this was from logan
I have a feeling that they are captived by Transigen or The Reavers
Just watch; this is going to turn out to be _really_ good.
I wonder if anyone had to be sexually assaulted before getting a part in this movie?
Subscribed, hit the bell and gave a thumbs up! Thanks!
Visit the channel you support your channel. thanks you
Tryna pull a M Night Shyamalan? Horror movie with a superhero movie? we'll just have to wait and see if it's any good
Intrigued. Another unique one from the X-Men series.
WAIT WAIT WAIT! So Marvel is doing a psychological horror movie on the new X-Men? \n*Something tells me that is not going to end well
Pass. Having Majik in the movie caught the attention of my 17 year old self, but this isn't a movie I'd be interested in watching.
Superhero horror movie well at least it's different
just seems like a horror film instead of...a marvel x-men film o.o
Please, please, please, let this film have an R-rating. That's the only way I see this film working
kids..maybe ur moms won't show u how duedue looks but here u can see a big ONE
it just give me some of Legion vibe! Seems cool! And btw can we have a season 2 for LEGION?
Is this really x men or just another horror movie?
Roses are Red clowns are near We'd all be safe if Harambe was here
Where's the wolverine tease?
Anyone else going to watch solely for aryia stark?
Watch this one though, web series Irishtown https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTMlNc4jZPo&t=43s
Can't wait to not see this.
I think they're taking it in a different direction, trying to stand out from the rest of superhero movies, which is consistent with what Fox has been doing in the last 3years with the X-Men franchise, and which gave us Deadpool, Legion, Logan and The Gifted...so let's just wait to see, because it might be great.
So... Is this a movie of mutants fighting against ghosts?
I have a feeling that moonstar will play a big part in this movie
Illyana looks like she jumped out of the page; and that's the only things that looks remotely like the comic
Can’t say I fully understood it but I like it.
Still don’t get it.
I see Jonathan from Stranger Things\nAlrighty
Wait what the same new mutants from the comics?????? I guess not
What the hell is this? This is not the New Mutants I was looking for.
all I want is quicksilver
My bet it's not actually ghosts but a psionic attack to break the kids so they can turn the kids into their perfect mutant weapons.
Arya stark 1:39 1:44
hi
Looks like trash
This is garbage
setting in essex corp laboratory..?
Disgusting films. Love Logan.
Pink floyd :)
Looks dope
Ohh Jonathan Byers...hmmm
Valar morghulis
was that.. noo.. smiley?
Silence... Scream and flickering dubstep sound....silence...Scream and flickering dubstep sound... silence..... no thanks.
What?!
pink floyd..
Xmen?
great!
Pink floyd...
A horror X-Men movie?
1:12 stranger thing vibe stranger thing guy
Aaaaand Stranger Things.
Demon bear
C'moooooon Anya Taylor Joy nude, please!
was that magma in the washing machine
My dad Jeff Griffith worked on this movie
Is Wolverine in this one?
Marvel is about to get SCARY! 😱
Marvel is making X-Men horror now? ._.
good... but the mutants?
Is this a marvel horror movie?
Is this marvel?
As long as we don't get ANY reference to Wolverine, I'll give this movie a chance.
Uhhhh the was no plot in this at all...
i would do whatever it takes to become a gaming youtuber  lol 😂😂😉
this videos will be 2bilion wiews!!! :D and 100mil. likes!!! .D I believe this song :)
Sounds like every tings(things) more than whatever it takes
30 Meters Deep for 4 mins Water Proof Singer
It's musik very good
you are te best\nyou are the king
please don't prove my friends right and be in the illuminati
At first I thought the mermaids where dolls
this is something lifting me up \ngreat work team Imagine Dragons \nfan of yurs music fabulous ❤️❤️💕💕🙏🏻
Easily one of their best songs. Like wow. Just wow.
IMAGINE DRAGONS NOTHING MORE TO SAY
So fast at start
I do whatever it takes cause I love Imagine Dragons!
The mash up of whatever it takes x believer x thunder is 😍
Me singing the lyrics from the start:@=#%£/#@)£-
This song is a music lover's dream!
Water. Earth. Fire. Air. Long ago, the four nations lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked.
he likes singing under water
the coolest song of the world !!!
Imagine dragons,cold play and U2 we are the god of music 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
How does this not have more views???
Best band in the world!!!
They're making a comeback...
I LOVE YOU IMAGINE DRAGONS!!!!
I love this song and every other one they're AMAZING
REMEMBER ME. it´s me who u got the headshot from. 550M. EASY. ;) GO GIV IT A TRY, IDIOTS.
I thought this song was featured in Aquaman the first time I saw this video
there's adrenaline in my veins too
I see The Strokes vibes
Class act.came here by accident but am now a  life fan.
I love how cirque du soleil was in this ❤️
Adrenaline in my veins when i hear this song.
“Cause I love how it feels when I break the chains”\n🔥🔥🔥
what is the differce.😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😄😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😄
I'm so Instagram obsessed that i double tapped to like the video...\ni'm so retarded....
Anyone else imagine themselves in a cool montage when listening to this?
I Love This song Whatever it takes.......🎼🎧😍
It's like the best video ever.
Wow... 😳the song took over my brain and now I can't stop listening to it... Wow...
You shouldn't use microphones in water.\n\nGreetings everyone! I'm trying to start a music video channel here on YouTube but it's difficult to get seen. \n\nThe music is instrumental and may fall under categories ranging from mellow to rock to hip hop - but mostly a unique combination of them all. The videos are original and usually random - whatever comes to mind in the moment. \n\nIf you have the time, click my icon and let me know what you think. Thank you in advance, it's much appreciated!
True fans heard this months ago.
whos watching this in full volume? and i wacthed the whole videos with full volume and it was .....SICK MUZIC!!!!\nXD
I’m into rap but this shit is actually pre damn catchy😂🤦🏽‍♂️
It should be in fifa 18
Subskrime my chanel
Perfect:))
Best moment 0:00 - 3:40
luv luv luv luv luv luv....😘😘😘😘😘
luv it
Better than Despacito
supep song
Trending \n#15
nice song ♡♡♡
Real music.
Good
maby thats song 2017 popular song  I Like UUUUUUUUUU
Que musicão!
<3
lyrics timing problem
here before 999999Billion Views
Juara.....!!!!!!!!
this is awesome !!
Best song🔥🔥🔥
0:14 Eminem supera eso baby!
Smoke n Mirrors still my favorite
Nice music.The best band!
Good
always love imagine dragons
Madden 18 anyone?
Fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥 or water 💦💦💦😂😂
#millll
Gay
ONE REPUBLIC
Que nivel 👌👌👌🙌👌🙌👌🙌👌😍😍😍😍👍😍👍😍👍😍👍😊😊😊
great song <3
ANAZING!!!!😲😮😲😮😮😮😲😲⭐️❤️⭐️❤️⭐️❤️⭐️❤️⭐️❤️⭐️❤️
FANTASTIC !
WOW!!!
keren bgt anjir, ada api2 nya
I
Coolest music video EVERRR!!!
Like si lo estás viendo en 2017 c:
Caution: It’s too addictive 🔥🔥☠️
BR❤
br?
much better than despacito
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🔥
MEJOR VIDEO DE LA VIDAAA. LO AME. AMO. Y AMAREEE😍😍😍😍
LIT LIT LIT
I LOVE IMAGINE DRAGONS
Me encanta la banda pero se le esta inundando la casa y sigen tocando es mas debajo del agua sigen cantando y luego se incendia todo y siguen a eso se le llama cancion
fan join here
Кто из 2017 ставь лайк
Madden 18 matter of fact this fits Longshot perfectly
Demasiado bueno!! \nBeliever\nThunder Y esta canción... wuuu!
2017 Best motivational song !!!
lousy songwriting...overproduced sound engineering....what dipheads listen to this! shiz sounds like a car commercial!
Music videos don't make sense anymore.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🌎🌎🌎✌️✌️✌️
Anyone for Wwe?
To donate go to: https://somosunavoz.com
Gracias a todos los artistas que apoyaron! ❤️\n\n#FuerzaMéxico\n#FuerzaPuertoRico
IM SO HAPPY !!!\n\nLOVE MY PR🇵🇷 NO MATTER WHAT!
Im watching this right now from Puerto Rico on my phone, still no power and we need a lot of help and hope. That concert was something amazing , thank you all for your help and support, THANK YOU! ❤
JLo's voice is so angelical when she sings in Spanish!
I just couldnt stop crying so emotional and so beautiful to know we r not alone united we stand !!!!!
I LOVE BRUNO BUT, THAT PUERTO RICAN PRIDE COMING FROM MARC ANTHONY AT THE END Dios mío 😯💘! BRAVO👏! U BETTER SING FOR YOUR COUNTRY😍✊!
Jerek Deter???     Didn't see that guy around!
I thank every one of you that wish well for my island if you ever been here you wouldn't believe your eyes destruction is everywhere you look people in the street's are suffering with no food the government is shady asf .😥
When does selena gomez come on
Bad Bunny's part truly gave me chills!
All the people that where in Hurraciane Maria are leaving and it's going to die
This is so amazing ❤❤❤
Thank you from mexico,we love you ❤️
Wanting to see this completly. I hope that when we have electricity we can see it. Thanks to all for helping us! #PRSELEVANTA
How about Pedro Fernandez for Mexico?
I love that all the artist came to be one and united we can be a group a team of saviors and healers for the world. Jlo you did amazing production.
Thank you J Lo for doing more than handing out a lousy roll of paper towels and a massive insult.  You rock!
why would anyone dislike this video ??? i really dont understand people
Maroon 5 was the best ✌
I love JLo but was it necessary for her to bend over like that with her thong showing, girl have some class.....especially for a charity event. Damn
Beautiful Concert. All you guys were amazing 💕
Gwen has not aged one bit!!! just Beautiful!
Make Puerto Rico Great Again!
You are super human!  humanitarians!!! God bless you for all of your abilities for being human, giving and understanding.. the lord above has given you to us in able for you to give the world the love you possess and give back to those in such desperation❤️ you are truly blessed. Thank you so very much❤️ everyone involved will live on forever.. you are loved❤️ Puerto Rico please live on..❤️
Thank you all for your donations.  I am so proud of the love that we all share.  May God Bless everyone involved that gave their time in this event.  Gracias
Bruno Mars is amazing, one of the best singers in the world.
they put clips and videos of mexico but there not helping mexico this is only for puerto rico and that is a scam they are scamming people
Take a shot for every time they say 'Mi Gente'
Kany Garcia and Bruno Mars made me cry, Viva Puerto Rico! 🇵🇷❤️
Is Dat Howie D from BSB  on the phone in Miami?
oh bruno the best perfomance
Te amo Puerto Rico 🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷😘😘😘😘😘
Colombia con JBALVIN :)
#mylifeaseva Gracias ❤️
Hermoso....gracias....amo mi Puerto Rico.....🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
God bless of them 🇨🇺🌪💦💧and I love her my girl God mom JenniferLopez 👠👠💋mine and Alex 👞👞💋 both mine xo💋
DANI RIDE ❤
Bruno Maaaaaarrrrrssssssss
Maroon 5 🌷
Demi Lovato Is amazing
J BALVINNNN, COLOMBIA DE PIÉ
51:08 bad bunny performance
Preciosa 2:54:00
I thought I would see PitBull???
Viva pr
I just mad this 400k fwm
Latino!!!!!!! 🗣🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
2:03:50 thank me later.
Faltó calle 13 😥
Que bella canto rihanna en español!!!!
That Plena tho.
I thought thalia will perform
1:02:35 Maroon 5
Maravilloso evento,mis ojos no pararon de llorar de ver tan bella unión ,soy Dominicana pero mi padre tiene toda su vida viviendo en pr ,tengo primos, tia al la y desde muy pequeña estoy ligada a la isla,Dios bendiga ,no están solos ,ustedes no se quitan ,palante puertorro😙😘\n\nSi marc y jlo son mis ídolos ahora aumenta mi amor por ellos ,grandes!!!👏👏👏👏👏
En Qué momento sale MAGIC!?
Que belleza !!! Jlo es una REYNA ... La adoro. Haber reuniodo a sus exes para una buena causa. Aww solo ella.
Gracias de ❤ a cada uno de los artistas por la ayuda incondicional . Y a los organizadores  un millon de gracias❤
Impresionante  WOW... Hermoso... Que orgullo ver tantos latinos unidos... Y ver como unidos hacen uno... un honor ver tanto talento junto... no pude contener mis lágrimas... Orgullosa de ser boricua... extraño mi isla... como en ella ningún otro lugar...
Este evento sólo fue para ayudar a las personas de Puerto Rico?
Did Camila perform?
Demi Lovato lo máximo 👏👏👏👏👏😢
Dios como amo a Bruno Mars ♡♡
Siento que hablan mucho de puerto rico, y no de MEXICO! deberian hablar por igual de los dos paises. \n\n\n\n¡VIVA MEXICO!
Me extrano la ausencia de Gloria Estefan y la coleada de Thalia. Que a todos los eventos se invita sola la wey jajaja 😂
Marc Anthony is always great. Es el mejor. 🔥
q voz de bruno .. cantando en español
Fuerza hermanos Boricuas los quiero mucho mis oraciones estuvieron y están con ustedes desde Ecuador❤
nombre de la cansion al minuto 1:26:43
Marc Anthony, the best presentation ♡♡♡♡♡♡.\nPreciosa te llevo dentro, muy dentro de mi corazon... Y mientras mas pasa el tiempo en Tiiii se vuelca mi amooor... Puerto Rico Se Levanta. Mexico, Se Levanta. Texas, Se Levanta. Santo Domingo, Se Levanta. Florida, Se Levanta. Cuba, Se Levanta. Las Antillas, Se Levantan. Pq somos una raza y nos ayudamos como uno solo.
No tuve oportunidad de verlo en vivo, pues aquí en PR aún no hay electicidad, por lo menos para mi área, nos llega y se va pues el sistema está vulnerable. Pero de corazón muchas gracias a todos los q de una forma u otra formaron parte de #SomosOneVoice y cada una de las personas q donaron dinero, a los artistas q donaron su tiempo, para levantar fondos para ayudar a PR, Las Antillas, Santo Domingo, Mexico, Texas, Florida en fin a todos los q de una forma u otra fuimos afectados por la naturaleza. #Gracias
El grito de lucha y triunfo de un Puertorriqueño. Puuuuñeeeetaaa!!!!! Puerto Rico se levantará más alto que nunca!!!!😀
Que viva la raza latina.!!! 🙌🏼🙌🏼👏🏻👏🏻
Hoy se cumple 1 mes que no tenemos luz ni agua en Arecibo, Puerto Rico 🇵🇷, y ahora es que puedo ver este hermoso evento por tantos artistas para ayudarnos., Gracias desde nuestra isla
lindo evento x puerto rico nicky. soy fan es izhar. todos unidos tambien tengo familia alla
don Fransisco is ancient
1:44:20 Nicky Jam :D
Q Bellos Dios los Bendiga en especial ati Jennifer.Mi Amor Platonico.
Maroon 5 ❤️
kim was shook
VIN DIESEL 👏👏 PREACH
Daddy yankee one of the best ones love it! Magic too. Es cosa mía o el público estaba muy dormidooo  😖
In love with Demi Lovato 🤦🏻‍♂️
Love this!!!
Lo único que faltó fue cultura profética :(
GRACIAS,GRACIAS,GRACIAS!!!\nPor Poner su granito de arena para la ayuda que necesita nuestra gente y nuestra bella ISLA DEL ENCANTO 🌟PUERTO RICO🌟\nMis Respetos a Todas Estas Estrellas...Y todos los hermanos del mundo que nos brinda su apoyo y fe de superar esta difícil vivencia..\nMEXICO También estamos Unidos.
La cancion que Ricky canto al final en ingles,aunque el es tremendo le queda grande y no va con el pero me hubiese encantado  escuchar a un Jonh Secada cantandola ! Pienso seria perfecta para el !
los buricuas son unidos y son buena gente soy Dominicano somos hermanos pa lante
I LOVE MAGIC!!!!!
Nafs ko 6 se 7 inch lamba karny ka tarika seekhen
wow wow wow wow nice ♥👌👁👁 I know I understand Caribbean 🐻🐨👠👠👞👞👞👞🇨🇺🌪♥ God bless them 🇨🇺♥I love you my girl GodMomJT SideMine Mom Jennifer Lopez ♥ and AlexGodUnlce ♥♍ and Marc Anthony 😻😽 GodFather♥hug them my
When is J Balvin singing?
Que grande eres Mark!!
Por siempre la llamare preciosaaaaa.....Preciosa por ser un encanto por ser un eden.......Dios te bendiga mi isla bella....abrazos y bendiciones a mis hermanos  de Mexico....waoooo no puedo dejar de llorrar mi gente tenemos que cambiar...tenemos que cambiar....le dio gracias a Dios ver tanta gente linda ayunandose de parte y parte....
Muy bonito programa y obra caritativa. PERO LA CAGARON CON LAS TRADUCIONES.
Gracias a mis hermanos Boricuas y demas , Nuestro hermanos Boricuas no nos dejan ...Arriba Puerto Rico 🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪Nos levantaremos por qué somos la isla de el Cordero ...... 💪💪💪💪💪💪🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
Para los que hablan de mas, esas donanciones son para los paises afectados NO TODO ES PARA PUERTO RICO😒
Great performance
Porqué Luis Fonsi no se presentó con Daddy Yankee cantando Despacito???
Puerto Rico (a.k.a Welfare Island ) A TRUTH THAT MUST BE TOLD\n\n \nThe USDA\nFood and Nutrition Service told CNSNews.com that, on average, 4 million people\nreceived food stamps in Puerto Rico each\nmonth in FY 2012. \n\n\nThis\npathetic miserable island is distinguished by its high crime, poverty and\njoblessness, which are far worse than in any of the 50 states. The territory's\neconomy, moreover, has fallen further behind the national one over the past\nfour decades. Bad inept government is largely to blame. \n\n\nYet most\nAmericans are oblivious and unaware to the Caribbean\nisland's problems. After a Century of American Citizenship, Puerto\nRicans Have Little to Show for It. After one hundred years of citizenship, the per\ncapita income of Puerto Ricans is roughly $15,200—half that of Mississippi,\nthe poorest state in the union\n\n \nPuerto Rico\nhas a population of 4 million, meaning 40 percent of Puerto Ricans are on food\nstamps paid by the federal government\n\n\nAlthough the\nsupplemental assistance cash is designated for eligible food items, it is\nwidely acknowledged that participants use most of their allotted cash for\nnon-food essentials, drugs and illegal gambling, now that is dumb ! \n\n\nThe Island\nis filled with high crime, drugs, thieves and killers, way too many hard core\ncriminals for such a small island and a fake witchcraft religion that has\ndivided the population. \n\n\nMost US\nHispanics stereotype Puerto Ricans as dumb, or of lower inteligence but.. as you can see there's some\ntruth to it:\n\nThe food\nstamp program has had a negative effect on the population they even admit they\nuse the money to buy pot and cocaine. The 'boricuas' of 100 years ago would be\nashamed of the current crop of 'boricuas'. No wonder why most other Hispanics\nconsider Puerto Ricans, lazy, dishonest, corrupt and heavily dependent on US\nGovernment handouts. Most other Hispanics agree that Puerto Ricans speak the\nworst Spanish language dialect in the western hemisphere, in fact they don't\neven speak good English either.\n\nAmong other\nproblems: rampant identity theft by P.R. immigrants - often from the 'welfare'\nisland - who use stolen Puerto Rican birth certificates to obtain U.S.\npassports, Social Security benefits, and other federal services available to\nPuerto Ricans because they are U.S. citizens.\n\n \n\nIn a recent sample of 8,000 passport fraud cases investigated by the State\nDepartment, 60 percent involved Puerto Rican birth documents purchased\nillegally for as much as $10,000\n\nPuerto\n Rico's annual income per person was around $12,000 in 2004,\nless than half that of Mississippi,\nthe poorest state. More than 58% of the island's people live below the\nfederally defined poverty line. That poverty rate is nearly four times the\nnational average, and more than twice as high as in poor states such as\nKentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi and West Virginia. \n\n\nHas anyone\never noticed how much ( false ) pride Puerto Ricans have? At the same time many\nPuerto Ricans are filled with Anti-American sentiment. Most Puerto Ricans see\nthe United States\nas a symbol of Imperialism and a very oppressive country to their beloved\nlittle island ( smaller than Jamaica\n). While many Puerto Ricans have spent time in different cities throughout\nUnited States, return migrants and their children are often ridiculed because\nof their inability to speak Spanish with the same accent and lexicon as natives\nand their poor English language skills, so the Dumb Puerto Rican is NOT a Myth.\n\n\nPuerto\nRicans are the most violent offenders in NYC, they are the poorest group in\nNYC.\n\n\nThe Island of Puerto\n  Rico is known as Zombie\n Island due to the all\nthe crack heads. The wrongly imposed name of ' La Isla de El Encanto' this a\nMyth and a distortion of oversize proportions !, Puerto Ricans have been here\nin the US as long as Italians, Cubans, Colombians, Dominicans and other\nHispanics and while Italians, Cubans and Colombians have moved on to the\nSuburbs, to upscale single family homes Puerto Ricans are still living in the\nprojects in section 8 housing ghettos and high crime neighborhoods ( The Hood\n).\n\nWell the logical question must be asked. Why would a prideful bragging\nirrational with an identity crisis people such as the Puerto Ricans constantly\nvote to remain an American\n Territory (Commonwealth\n)over the past 5 decades? \n\nThe people\nof Puerto Rico vote every 4 years (during\nthe same time we hold our American Presidential elections) towards becoming an American\n State, remaining an American\n Territory or becoming\nIndependent. \n\n\nDuring the\nlast two elections Puerto Ricans rarely voted to remain an American territory\n(49% of the vote) over becoming a an American\n State (48% of the\nvote). While the voting toll for Puerto Rican Independence\nwas a mere 1%. If Puerto Ricans are such patriotic and proud people how is it\npossible that only 1% of the population wants to become independent from the United\n  States? \n\n\nThe answer is Welfare. Each year American tax payers send over $17 billion\ndollars to Puerto Rico in Welfare (social\nservices) alone. These social services include food stamps, public housing (Los\nCaserios), and college tuition for Puerto Rican students attending American\nfunded universities. To make matters worse Puerto Ricans do not pay any Federal\nTaxes. This means that American tax payers are getting back very little into\nwhat we are putting into Puerto Rico. As\nan American Tax payer we all have a difficult time sending our tax money to an\nisland that constantly votes against becoming an American\n State. You don't have\nto be the smartest cookie out of the bunch but it's safe to say that there is\nnot much logic behind this.\n\n \nWhat does\nthe United States\nget in return for all of our tax money and services? The answer was the Vieques\nMarine Base which served as a strategic base in the Caribbean\n Sea. However, the United\n  States lost the base when angry\nPuerto Rican protestors were claiming that the Base was a symbol of American\nImperialism. Many of the protestors even burned American flags during their\nprotests (yet Puerto Ricans rioted when American boxer Bernard Hokpins tossed\nthe PR flag to the ground).\n\n\nThe other\nmediocre, insignificant service provided to the United States\nfrom Puerto Rico is a very small number of\ntheir citizens who serve in our arm forces. However with Puerto Rico's\npopulation of 2 million, Puerto Ricans do not even make up 5% of our Arm Forces\n( If you asked a Puerto Rican they would tell you a lie that 90% of the United\nState's Arm Forces are Puerto Rican !).
My brothers and I used to play this but without the suits or vr or air conditioning
Love the workings of this and the cross interaction. Will look forward to inclusion of this into asymetric gaming!
This is hilarious to witness.
I was waiting for that last part to happen
This is the most clever thing I've seen in a long while
Has the PDF copy of the paper released yet? Btw this is phenomenal.
xd
In b4 ten milion views.
und wann du alleine bist ?
Even just the suit is impressive. I hope all public virtual reality will have those suits in the near future. Also this is an impressive way to have interactive local multiplayer. Good job guys👏👏
Turns into Walter White at 4:10
Oh God, he is so damn good at telling stories!!
Maybe the travel agent said 15 and hopeful Brian Cranston heard 50 xD
Like a blind man at an orgy, I was going to have to feel things out.
Who else read the title as Bryan Cranston Got Caught Having A Sex Tunnel In The Alps
Anyone else notice Colin Farrell has his Fantastic Beasts haircut? I hope he comes back, he was one of the best parts (Much better than Johnny Depp).
He reverted back to the hilarious Hal from Malcolm in the Middle days
i like how he is pants in america but says trousers in the uk..
Wow his story telling skills are great.
who remembers him on malcolm in the middle
THESE FAMOUS POEPLE ARE TOLD IF THEY HELP OUT IN TELLING SEX STORIES TO DUMB DOWN THE PUBLIC  THEY WILL GAIN FAVOUR BY THE MORALLY SICK ORANGE AND MASONIC QUEERS WHO RUN THERE LIVES,
wait.. 15 mins is good..? my gf and I never gone less than like, an hr..
colin farrell is so into this story...   he's already booked his ticket for that train..
Colin Farrell: Hold my beer.
0:01 That's an odd way to turn your head Colin
This is great hes amazing at telling stories
I knew it! Bryan is that stranger in the alps John Goodman mentioned in the TV edit in The Big Lebowski.
Cranston always tells the best stories. Had Cumberbatch and Redmayne on the floor last time. That countdown to the sex tunnel was hilarious! 😂
I was like 'how did he have sex whilst driving his car?'  Oh it was a train.
Lol 15 minutes wasn't enough for him?
Say no more B)
How many marriages reach reach 29-30 years these days?
Best story teller ever! love him!
I could listen to Bryan tell this stories for ages!! XD
He is a great story teller!
What a legend celebrity of our times a one worthy of celebrity title
This story sounds like something that Hal and Louis will experience.
47s put on the beef
easier with woman on top in car
Formation test lab actress flesh continue readily occupation address.
Guys who play serious roles on TV are the most funniest people irl
Dont watch the video, just watch 1:50
You know what would be funny, if we found out he had sex with an alp in a tunnel.
I would invite him to my party!
he told this story in a interview like a year ago
Should of have had him on the red chair!
Tunnelling a tunnel in the tunnel.
Maybe the agent said 15 minutes, but he heard 50.
What I love about ‘The Graham Norton!” The guest combinations , I came to see the guy from breaking bad , also got Nardole (Matt Lucas)
I Love You So Dam Much Graham Norton!
Hahah he’s so good at story telling 😂👌🏾
I'll take 15 minutes with Colin anywhere under any conditions.
Thank God for Collin's reactions lol
I can't stop laughing at his impression of italians 😂 so on point expecially the gesture at 3:59
Mute the sound. Bryant's visual action is more interesting and easy to understand lol
Bryan really knows how to tell a story. He is brilliant!!! :D
SEE WHAT HAPPENS\nWHEN YOU FIND A STRANGER IN THE ALPS
I can see the memes
best story teller, him and Chris Pratt
Colin’s hair looks awesome! Very 90s. I love it.
Bryan is not Walter white but he really hal
To Watch More Click ==>>https://goo.gl/HPfvkf
he Awesome in Malcolm in the middle...
He's a master story teller
Absolutely love the man!
god this man is funny
This is the most ridiculous awesome story everrr LMAO!
Bryan Cranston is just such a great guy! Comedic, theatrical and plain nice.
How can you not love Bryan Cranston
Just how?
Poor mans jonathon ross
Haha such a funny dude
hasn't the guy got any shame? if I caught someone exposing themselves in front of my kids, I'd beat the granny out of them.
I'd love to see Bryan and Colin in a movie together
Sri Lankan Elephant Chasing Due To Foolish Activity. plz skip the button http://1ink.cc/WEu4
I'm I.T
Say my name
Say no more 😂
Amazing story teller. Lol
I love him
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Great story. Xx
Amazing story :D
All hail Bryan Craston for this story XDXD
Awesome
Say no more fam.. 😂😂😂
Say no more. -Bryan Cranston 2017
me lol
Crystal!  ;)
lol hes a natural...
Bryan Who?
norton show best
Such a likeable guy.
He is the one who knocks.Makes sense 😂😂
What a weird story to tell lol didn't think he'd go into details lol god damn it Hal! Lois must've been mad
I love how he told this story word for word on Conan a couple months ago. Cranston you dirty dog
Colin Firth is HOOOOOT
HELP! PLEASE HELP ME GET TO 10,000 VIEWS WITH NO SUBS!!!
This would have been an awesome if they hadn't had Bryan Cranston on the show. He is intolerable.
Or did his wife say stay out of my territory!
Ukh that farrell such a hillbilly... doesn't know how to act in public... go dig up some potatoes 🥔....
Bryan Cranston is a SOCIALIST LIBERAL QUACK who wants to DESECRATE places because he’s a LIBERAL and LIBERALS destroy everything and want to destroy a generation of proud Christian republicans like myself.\nNO TO SOCIALIST QUACKS\n\nTRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
Must say ., Brian's 📓 makes a great *read., \n\nSadly, no bits @ v% 🌹🎦 event., or London specifically., wit 'Malcolm [ the Middle 📺🎬'. \n\nGlorious last line by moi Total *mC2F by Colin. 💙😎
So night shows can talk about sex but invidual creators will get punished for it?
The Heisenberg part of Bryan's brain kicked in when he said Get Off Me
From his gestures and that cross that he made I can totally belive Colin is gay
Recycled by Colbert interview.......
Argo w Ben
SATANIC HOLLYWOOD
This would make the perfect summer song
proud to be the 1.001.101 viewers
I don't mind if I sell my soul damn devil took fetty eye already now this shit getting serious
He sounds like panic at the disco until he made his signature yeahhhh so fetty
The song is great, but in my opinion i wanted more fire on the beat. But is a amazing song!.
This song is amazing and relax
*Too many awesome songs I came across on YouTube today.*
Is this a remix of what we started by don diablo?
Its great to see fetty wap not sing about money, drugs, bitch, sex, fancy car etc
WHEN THE BEATS DROP!!!
CVBZ is in this song too, right?
This song is amazing❤
Fact: If you like this song there is a high probability that you are autistic.
here before a million
Reading comments first 😁😅But its really a nice song😊😘
I really like this! :D
don diablo  & steve aoki - what  we started  ???  great rip off anyway
What the actual fuck are these lyrics.
Who likes this Song? I definitely do!
*It's great the lyrics are there; it's quite hard to understand what Fetty Wap is singing/rapping...*\nOoh he needs to have a duet with Ariana Grande!
No offense but the drop is terrible and disappointing
Oh my Jesus...  Put on 1. 25 speed
Guys I've been producing music lately ..but I don't think I'm getting any views ..I'm quite disappointed with myself ... If you could just help me guys thank you
“Well I don’t mind if I sell my soul, to get a song on the radio” Fetty sold his soul to Satan and no one else is talking about this! He blatantly made it obvious! Jesus is the only way to salvation!
Lyrics: \nGrowing up in the golden age\nThrowing rocks at your window pane\nKiss me once and I'll float away\nBut that ain't me anymore\nWell I don't mind if I sell my soul\nTo get a song on the radio\nCredit cards and my student loans\nThat's so millennial\n\nDo you remember how it feels to be young?\nDo you remember?\nWe could be anyone\nNow I miss the view from the floor of your room\n\n￼\n\nSeptember came way too soon\nDo you remember how it feels to be young?\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah\n\nRemember cutting class we would smoke and chill\nIt was only gym and lunch\nWe thought it was real\nI was even failing math, I ain't even care\nYeah just to be around you made it worth it\nI dropped out, but you still said I'm perfect\nI remember at the prom you was perfect\nI remember you were walking on graduation day\nI never got the chance to say\nThat I remember all the time that we spent\nAnd I remember you were really my friend\nAnd I remember you were really my friend\nAnd I remember when they all looked and laughed\nNow it's crazy how they all on yo ass\n\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah baby yeah\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah\n\nDo you remember how it feels to be young?\nDo you remember?\nWe could be anyone\nNow I miss the view from the floor of your room\nSeptember came way too soon\nDo you remember how it feels to be young?\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah\nIt feels great, mothafucka, yeah
Makes me remember how I moved on from my hard times in school ...This song is too good
Class of 2018 Graduation Song (x
This song is so slept on y'all gotta wake tf up
I thought fetty left thank god he's back
Guys their is already a fire Dance Cover out to this song, should be the first video on my channel. Check it out, FEELS GREAT MOTHER FUCKAH YEAAA!!!!
Can I get one like for nothing
1:57 The best thing about every Cheat Codes song!
 I dont mind if i sell my soul to get a song on the radio boy whatt?
Average is a exaggeration.... If you wanna hear a feel good song without dumb lyrics Visit the Galantis page...The aviary is a awesome album.
W o w   t h i s   i s   g o l d
hmm love Fetty's voice on this one but hey does it remind anyone of Don Diablo, Steve Aoki and Lucas and Steve's track What We Started??
Here before a million views💁🏼
i love the  lyrics! 😍👏
Wow...so good This song is my style I like this song❤
please like my video and subscribe to my channel :)
Ths song is a drug, really, my life is bad, the girl I like don't care to me and when I listen this song I stay cool, magic
Wtf?!? Hell nah bruh. Sold your soul and now you wack😂😂😂 You bout to be gay AF next. I'm callin it...
Is it just me or does Fetty Wap sound similar to Brendon Urie in this?
Great work! Make this go viral!
WTF i almost didn't recognize fetty wap's voice
i guess it feels great ??
this is best song ever
Q U A L I D A D E
Only 1730s kids will get this!
Is this u fetty?
Feels great mutha fucka yea - NEW fetty wap 2K17 😍 who dont like ?
it feels great muthafucca yeah! Petmalu!
FETTY! hell yah
🔥🔥🔥🔥
SONG*
Yeaayaeyaeaeh
AWESOME
Feels Great 👌
my moodbooster!!
Feels great mutha fucka yeah
so AWESOME!!
NEED TO REACH 1M VIEWSSS!!!!!
Here before 1m
I love you cheat code
Subscribe to VEVORIO for Lastest Song Lyric
Fetty's Vocals come througgghhhhhh omggggg. ❤😍😍
17 38
ZOOOOOVIEEEEEE
Awesome Vibe <3
Feels Great Mutha Fucka Yeah 😘
🎱
wowowwowoowowowowowooww
Yup this is great!!!
Came for fetty mutha fucka yeah
Me encanta la canción yeah!
Que hino
NGENTOT GANGGU AE
WHOS HERE BEFORE 1M VIEWS?!
Nice song,nice beat. Keept it up cheat codes. \nFeels great mutha fuck yeah.!
fetty wap career back
😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️💋
bangers after bangers
The good vibes again
DOPE !!!!
isnt fetty waps career dead?
this song explains me 100%
Lol love this song
Feels great 😇
🔥🔝🔥
Follow ❤️
This music is so mutha fucka millenial
here before 1m views
https://youtu.be/4aldkngvhH8 No sampling
arhhhhhh! cheat code always makes me feel better :)
OMFG FETTY IS THAT YOU?!!!!
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
the chorus sounds so lazy yeahhh
This song is ruined with the mutha fucka parts
How isn’t this on the top charts?
It's great Fetty finally learned English
I had no idea that Luke can sing, and sing that good?
Luke's vocals comes from his hard ass.
Luke is like the boss 😂😂😂😂
Why is it that most gay men are so sexy
James is better <3
I love how Usher sings effortlessly
good energy
Luke Evans definitely won. Hands down.
It was a tie, both these men are gifted!
Everybody was so good!  Absolutely love his show!
Luke is welsh, or course he can sing!
luke voice is just as generic, what is this heavenly sound all of you are shouting about, someone said 1000 angels, lol like bitch calm down
Thumbs up for no reason
ok...that is one of God creation....LUKE!!
Hold up had no idea Owen Shaw could sing. 😳🔥💯
Usher won, but damn, Luke was shockingly good.
Where is Will Singe in all of this????? HE has some SEXY vocals 😂 just sayin'
https://youtu.be/RiIDiRfgB5k  Please support a small youtuber and subscribe!
Luke f***ing Evans !!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
Luke Evan’s voice felt like i was in a romantic music video..
If he could get Christina on here... game set and match
Oh my goodness, Luke...didn't realize he was so big and tall and fine. I'll have him and Usher over for dinner
His voice is so freakin flat
all i can see is herpes
Gah! Usher + Luke 😍
wow philharmonic ..great job
Lol didn’t think Luke can sing
Potential tobacco isolate dump advance plan love.
Gonna have to throw the mic away now, has stds now
Can you see me drulling my ass off??
I thought this said sexist male vocalists and I was so confused
Luke has a Nice butt
I'm surprised James Corden hasn't released his own album yet
Are you kidding me? OMG LUKE IS AMAZINGLY GORGEOUS
Omg 😲 they are just beautiful and have great voice
I'm sorry but Luke wins hands down then Usher and then the other guy
I love Luke <3
so is James...!!!
I went to school with Luke
Honestly: When I think: Sexual & sensual voices my mind  goes to very low and deep rich voices. ^^;\nSo neither of them wins. xD\nBut I definitely love all three of them. xD lol
Wow Luke is wow amazing
1)usher\n2)Luke \n3)others\n10)james
Very sexy guys! <3
Just skipping to 8:10 to avoid the awkwardness
WoW!!!
Fuck the other 2. Luke's voice is sex idc. Goddamn he can wear a black tee
LUKE where you been?
I don't know about anyone else but the philharmonics are the main reasons why i love riff-offs here.
i love u Luke!!!  😍😍😍
OMG! Luke is fineee and has a sweet voice though he looks old for his age. Hard to believe Luke, Usher and James are respectively 38 and 39 years old now.
YESSSS LUKEEEE
Oohhhh my gosh.....
can we just talk about the back up singers for a second.... they are hella cute. especially the one in the middle lol
I hear a Phil Collins like quality in Luke's voice😍
luke is just soooo 😍😍😍
I seriously can't get over Luke's voice
Great job as always Filharmonics!
It goes Luke -1 usher-2 James-3 😂!!
Luke is sexiest vocal xD
so he can sing mmmmmh
Yeah but where's Brendon Urie?
Luke Evans is Loooove
LUKE EVANS IS THE SEXIEST. DONE DEAL. HOLY SHIT😍
DAMN
Hi
Luke is hot...but goddammnittt Usher tho <3 ugh
luck Evans can sing 😀😀😀😀😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
Luke 💯🔥 bruh 🙌🏾
what song is janes singin
Damn, Luke can really sing! 🎤❤️❤️😱
that tic tac joke! omfg hahahahahahah
Everbody´s talking ´bout his tight pants
Ads in the middle of a video. Seriously YouTube?
I'd pay good money for Usher to cover Marvin Gaye's hits.
O  M  G Luke Evans is amazing 😱😱💖💖💖💖👍👍👍👍
can someone list down the song they sang
The back up singers are look like a Filipino.
Names of the songs?
why does it seem that less and less of the Filharmonic are there every time?
Searching for sexiest male vocalist? His name is William Singe 😍
Luke Evans is a hunk 😍
😍😍😍 Luke Evans
Usher!!
Luke is so dreamy!💙
Luke is amazing
11:43 he looks so vulnerable
I love everyone voices.
😂😂😂😂😂
Luke I'm fading 😍😍😍💀🌹🌹💘💘
LUKE EVANS!!!!! o.O
came here for Filharmonic!
Harry styles or Niall should do this with him because they never fight and it would be fun to see. Either that or a carpool caroake( don't know how to spell it ) with Niall!!!!
Although it's been rehearsed before the show I still think usher was taken back a bit with how good a singer luke is
James you should talk to 1D about “ Larry “
LUKE DEFINITELY WINS
everyone is talking about luke and usher but i think james won this competition.
USHER WON. usher & luke are gods. what a dream
I will always love Usher. Period point blank
Can't stand he's gay 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
You waan feel what love is? feel my panties... \n\n\n\n\n\nwait did I really said that?
The fact that the world number one diver does cheap Halloween costumes while living in prime estate astounds me. I feel so blessed to be living at this age and time.
The sound he makes when he takes the box off is hilarious
Shite
Can I just say how HOT Tom Daley is omg
This year we're having a Star Trek themed party. I'm still deciding whether I'll do Nurse Chapel or Spock. Never had large breasts, though. Nor make up. Nor a wig. Mind you.
Love it. Trying to get out to use the restroom may be a little difficukt but lovw the idea and outcome!
Hilarious! Looks great, hope you really wear it out and about 😬
Is it just me who thinks the lego head looks like someone who's shaved and now has blood and big bumps all over his face😂
I just saw a pic of Tom, Lance and their new fur child ''Stewie''......cute as can be.  :-)
Love this video😂 such a cute costume💗
Did you ever want to be a Blue Peter Presenter???
Hey, why aren’t you diving?
when are you going to do another live workout?
Make one for ur husband too.. its cute🎃
Oh my God. I'm so in love with you
wait until you try to sit down, LOL.  I did this one year, dressed as a bottle of aspirin-could NOT sit, haha.
AHAHAHAHAHA 515k 😂😂😂😂😂 I don’t think you should be on the internet
Is it possible to sit down in this costume?
That's actually pretty cool and creative =)
When ever he comes out with a video, it reminds me of swimming. ♥
BITCOIN MINER APP FROM WINDOWS WITH GPU AND CPU \nBest BTC Adder Daily 0.53 BTC Without Any Investment DOWNLOAD  http://goo.gl/vpWEUa
I really want to see how you got out of the full costume again without cutting anything because I would be stuck forever
Very inventive, good job Tom. Happy Halloween
em lego is play good in danish learn sumtin new every day
Woah i didnt know you had a channel I've subbed and liked and notifacationed
Too much effort.  Tom really should have done something with a g-string and some body paint.
so cute i love it
In a more professional than it needs to be way, if anyone tries this in the future, grab a product called Gesco. It goes on before the paint and helps the paint stick on better and is generally a good underlying coat for any absorbing product (cardboard, paper, etc).
You could have a cutout eye and glue it or something on to yourself as a cloud to make the 'iCloud'
this is so cool, so clever Tom
The music is on point Tom!💃🕺👍
and you can breathe, which is nice -Tom Daley 2017
This was so funny! Not very scary but a good idea 😂😍
You’re like 20 bro stop making costumes especially roblox people
Good and Terrible....
This is your most environmental friendly clip!! We do not need to buy everything, it is much more fun and environmental friendly to make our own costumes!
Dude!! that was impressed... I had fun with your video about HOW TO MAKE YOUR OWN COSTUME.... lol\nGreetings from your fan from Paraguay!
He is too sweet. I wish there were more gay boys like him, dating is hard.
Tom, I met you on the London Underground Train in and took a picture with you and so did my sister! Sorry that I forgot to say thanks, but you are a great diver!
I enjoyed listening to the Thriller cover music in the background.  Good choice, Mr. Editor.
This is so cute and hillarious=)) i can't omg lololol
I have such a crush on Tom 😩
can i say tht u're so cute and not even scary sorry tom but the costume well done👍
With your cuteness, you can't make a scary Halloween costume, I'm sorry!
How did you get the arm holes even?
so creative Tom, I love it!
He is so cute. Like lil brother :))
Legend has it... Tom is still trying to get out of the finished costume. :)
such a little kid at heart - love it!
You need a mesh where the mouth is so only you can see out, but people can't see in.
At 4:13 I died 😂😂😂😂😂
YOU SHOULD CALL YOUR VLOGS TOM DAILY
This video has less than 100k views but its still on trending
You seem much calmer these last few vids.Seems marriage it doing well for u.😘😘😘
😢😭💔
Who tf you gonna scare with that
Were you worried Lego would sue you if you made it look any good?\nEmbarrassingly bad for an adult.
...and I’m sure he loves it.... *big grin*
I am so in love omg you are so cute
i thought it was a pair of boobs in the thumbnail so i thought this was a joke video
Great idea for a costume!
When i was little i was scared of cutting myself with scissors bt i realize its a 1/10 chance you will
Just get a can of black shoe polish to paint your face and a sharp kitchen knife. You can be OJ Simpson and the costume only costs about $3.
OMG Tom i love it
🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴\n*Sub - Your crush talks to you*\n*Like - You came from the trending page*\n*Reply - You will become a billionaire*\n*IGNORE - BAD LUCK FOR 10 YEARS*\n\n*DO ALL 3 - GOOD LUCK FOR 20 YEARS*\n🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴
4:06 is so adorable those noises HAHAHA
That looks dope costume Tom
Omg  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 still cute
I like kissing men
gaf
4:07 😂😂 love it Tommmmm 💕
Jasmine Master's caccoon is shook
Awesome😂
You're so cute lmao
*Video İndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?9l0gs6cgMhK8sus77NC15ekvmbl7vnxV=ZdI6fOvnBT7Zof6fIY0MjYbkj97
FUCK MUSIC
oof
This is adorable comedy gold.
04:08 - 04:13\nYou're welcome.
wow never seen a roblox cosplay so beautifully executed.
what are those noises at 4.11
this is trending?
OH NO! HE CUT OFF HIS FLAPPY BITS! \n[faints] \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Ok I'm here for some reason lets make a joke...\n\n\n\nHis head kinda looks like its made from pizza\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nCan I get a BONELESS pizza
Very creative.Great job! :-)
new gaming channels subscribe to me I subscribe back lets help each other
Trending? What a god damn joke.
is that my roblox character?
This looks really dumb
This shouldn't be trending
Lance is old enough to be your Dad! Cringe
I don't know why, but listening to you say flappy bits just cracks me up.
It's the aids monster
flappy bits, lol.
Tbh I thought the thumbnail was some retarded person making a Roblox avatar bullshit thing and it had tits
Are you marrid, You have a nice ringe
The editing was hilarious.
I just started my YouTube channel and recently uploaded some videos \nPlease make sure to check out my YouTube videos and also Like and Subscribe  \nThank you ❤️
The way that they effectively take the piss out of not just Star Wars fans, but literally every single Internet-based modern trend (and the people that perpetuate that) ever is amazing. They are really good at it.
Where did Mike find that -hideous fucking- very cool jacket?
Thank god this video was made.  YouTube “reaction videos” are the stupidest things on this earth. My god. So many morons making reaction videos smh.
please don't stop making these, the parody is brilliant
definitely not going to see this garbage film
I get the impression Mike is parodying Clarke Wolfe.
12:20 - 12:40 yeah and I also feel that when Iron Man throws Aquaman so far it speaks to the fluidity of physics in a postmodernist and neocapitalist world.
This video gave me cancer.
Rich went full Harvey Weinstein at the end on that poor thing.
There was talk in the air that Jay earned his spot on the NERD CREW By enacting in sexual favors for Mike.
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOD
very cool
they nail it hard!!!! getting even better each time. omg
Thanks you guys. I'm officially depressed because this is a damn good representation of the shallowness of pop culture. These monster sized, bloated budget films are why smaller films either don't get made at all or get made but don't get seen since the studios won't spend the necessary money on advertising so that no one knows they exist or don't understand what they're about. \nOh well. At least the new Star Wars trailer was V E R Y   C O O L.
that breakdown is like jazz
I wonder if you wanted Disney to help you see the movies and you got so butt hurt you started this shit. Not really funny 😒
Is Rich Evans masturbating going to replace actual content?
I want to see a Rich Evans food review channel
Can we have the 30 minute clip of Rich fucking a Porg?
If that was a swipe at reviewbrah, I'm unsubscribing.
You guys are awesome, made my day :)
The constant exaggerated head bobbing from Jay kills me.
I want Rich Evans to review food now. Damn it.
Good job on the food review, Rich! So descriptive and informative!  OH MY GODDDDDDDD!
More of this please
this gave me a stroke
Thank you for the entertaining content.
Sometimes this is the only reason to live.
I am crying watching this lulz\n\nPure comedy gold.
Damn it, now I'm hungry...
Rich, you give and you give, man
Holy christ, I'm going to suffer a rectal prolapse I'm laughing so hard.
By far my favorite episode of The Nerd Crew.
12:01 Thankfully, I looked back at the screen just in time to see Mike sip from his porg mug with his pinky extended with that goofy look. \n\n\n\n\n\nAlso, Thanos ᶦⁿ ᵈᵃ ʰᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵘˢᵉ
That trailer reaction was one of the funniest things RLM has ever produced.
It aired during football because Disney owns ESPN and it is the only time people watch ESPN now.
That fuckin burger looks like a coronary in a box 🍔 📦
These guys just get it.
I'm sorry to say you should have waited a bit longer in order to analyse the Disney™ Han Solo™ Solo Film™ SOLO A Star Wars™ Story by Lucasfilm™ a Disney Company™
I wanna meet the 12 year old StarWars fan that watches these episodes and doesn't understand...
god rich evans makes me laugh non stop
So true about the dumb jocks being Star Wars fans.
Mike's suit cracked me up :DD Love you guys!
The joke is that it's redundant.\n\n\n\n\nAlso, I would absolutely watch Rich eat that entire burger.
What a pile of mess
This came out days ago, and I just spent all night last night trying to sleep, haunted by Rich Evans saying in the house over and over again.
the joke is wearing thin. but I guess that's the point
Mr.PiggyEats is a great fast food review channel. I can't wait until Evans eats his gun. I'm sure that the last thing he'll taste will be good.
Do they actually own all of that Star Wars shit?
Easter Egg?  Jason Mask slightly hidden to the left behind Jay.  This had to be recorded Friday the 13th since it was uploaded the following day.  If so, I'm guessing it was Jay's idea?
Now I can’t wait for your next reaction video to the next trailer to the next movie! Very Cool! \n\nKeep it up, RLM!
I can't wait until Starwars becomes the next Scientology! Tom Cruise can play 50 year old Han Solo!
I can't believe The guy from Screen Junkies is accused of being a sex pervert or of sexual harrassment. I would have thought it was Rich Evans the whole time. You think you know the world. \n\nCheers Rich Evans. and Screw you Jay for being friends with Andy Signore
Nothing like watching this while trying to sober up and eating a hungry man tv diinnnerr
Why do I both laugh my ass of and get goosebumps while watching their trailer reaction lmao
It's back again, everybody. It's back again until it's gone... and then it's back again.
Me personally I loved this episode.
Mike can use this as his NPR audition tape someday
Its got a name people!  Get ready for Star Wars SOLO! Thank you Ron Howard, mans a fucking genius.\n\nOr some could say that Ron Howard how could you go so low.
This is what it means to be alive.
8:16 - 10:19 is kind of genius.
I love that there's a police siren going off in the fake food review.
I feel like Chris Stuckman and those other movie reviewers should watch this series and get a fucking clue.
That humongous Kylon Ren in the back, the cups based on a trailer, the pile in the bottom right, the red eyed Vader... the best set of the series so far.
16:16 went too far into socialist thinking right there this is how people talked on tv in eastern europe back in the day
This is the best
That Porg humping was really unenthusiastic.
Funny because it's true.
I can't wait for their review of the last Jedi.
Why....\nTHE HELL.....\nDoes Mr.PiggyEats NOT exist?
T H A N OS\nI N \nT H E \nH O U S E
And don't forget about Poop Again Twooooooooo. Jack Packard in the hoooouse!
Even by RLMs standards, this is a truly exceptional video.  Their magnum opus.
That Chrome Stormtrooper boss (no, I don't remember her name);\nThe producers must have seen Game of thrones and told the director that they wanted the big blond sword fighting woman in the movies. I am pretty sure this is how plots are created nowadays.
I lost it at the end
I actually did not realize that people made reaction videos to trailers until now. Humanity is not worth saving.
5.22/17.37
6:04 I'll try spinning! That's a neat trick!
One of us... One of us... us of One...
Got lengthy...
Damn that burger looked disgusting lol
I CLAPPED
16:18   I died.
Gotta clap for it
On Re:peat
Well-- that's kinda tasteless.
OH MY GAAAAAAAAAAWD
I need that jabba mug!!!
I love popcorn.
Stay classy Rich Evans
When did Aquaman become a Dothraki?
Haha that Justice League looks shite.
Thanos, in the houuuuuse!
I guess you guys feel my pain. Our culture needs a defibrillator.
Do people like this painful sarcasm?
if you are one in a million that means there are 6,000 people just like you
Can't wait to go on opening night for everyone to clap and scream at every little fucking thing
_The world is a perpetual caricature of itself; at every moment it is the mockery and the contradiction of what it is pretending to be._ --George Santayana
What the fuck is wrong with the audio?
Oh I get it they're being ironic
This guy has some good points but he sounds like KSI and it's off-putting
Anyone else think this guy seems like a massive nob?
This white man looks black
3:17 is what your looking for!!!!!
Y'all prem was gone from a long time ago look else were like the FA CUP if u want a title my beloved cfc fans
Please don't reduce this to AFTV level! I know you've seen an opportunity to make monies like Fat Robbie has from his channel, but at the expense of your club? Keep it classy mate. We already get the 'buying success' and 'plastic' jibes. Don't need AFTV levels of ridicule too!
FOR ALL SPORTS FANS THAT CRITICISE THEIR TEAMS, I WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU WORK HARD FOR MULTIPLE YEARS OF YOUR LIFE, BALANCING ALOT OF THINGS AND PLEASING UNGREATFUL PEOPLE.
It’s either get Belotti or bring back Tammy Abraham
He’s dying to be like DT of Arsenal fan tv lol
I’ve got several points here so I’m gonna just spit them out. \nMoses is fucking dreadful, seriously, I’ve seen better crosses from my grandad with a tennis ball.\nApzillicueta is our only centre back who can pass a ball, it is getting ridiculous seeing our defenders punting the ball back like it’s a fucking drop ball. Why isn’t Zappacosta starting? Why did we sell Matic? Why doesn’t Rudiger start? \nFuck of Conte. \nUseless pile of wank.
Pretty sure this guy goes to my Uni 😂
Trying to be like arsenal fan TV to get a few more views
How dare he diss Willian. Guy is over reacting. Its one defeat against a Palace team who were up for it. Get over it and move on ffs....
Can't blame bats I mean think of all the crucial goals he's scored for us? In my opinion he deserves more chances.
Plastic fans, plastic club, always will be
These guys are laughing like they've never heard that expression before... it old, guys. My friends were saying that in secondary school back in the late 90s. As for Chelsea... yep, you said it, no leadership, no strength in depth and no recognisable and proven striker.\n As for Palace, c'mon chaps. Only way is up now. Fans were terrific as always. There is a team spirit, a positive one, at Palace that can't be emulated or obtained by any other team. The day we lose it, is the day we no longer exist.
He's trying cunt of Willan I can't see why love child I guess.
Chelsea’s fan base is a joke.
Straight up I think this dude has autism
You need a hole in condoms, it`s where you put your knob in.
I can see G.Hiddik replacing Antonio before Christmas in emergency. And then having Mussonda a regular starter and Willian going on loan to Fulham or something.
This is just lol
Costa and Matic were missed. A Chelsea fan was mocking me a few weeks ago when I said Chelsea would miss him\nChelsea do not play to Batshuayi's strength, it is sad. If you play Messi as a Target man he would be shit too\nBatshuayi is not Costa, he is probably better as a wide forward or when playing with two forwards
Bet you didn't think he was useless when he got the winner in Madrid.
Fucking palace 😅😅😅😅😅😅nice to see the scum be put in there place'''
If we can win one of the cups, and have a decent UCL run, then it would be an ok season
Hammering willian?! I would gladly take him to man utd. You guys missing matic so badly but do not even know it.
BITCOIN MINER APP FROM WINDOWS WITH GPU AND CPU \nBest BTC Adder Daily 0.53 BTC Without Any Investment DOWNLOAD  http://goo.gl/vpWEUa
100% agree with this guy
Are these the people that live in London these days? Fuck me what a third world shithole.
3:18 was why you came here
Lol that must hurt..palace not scored and then they beat Chelsea omg Chelsea are shit
Perhaps try interviewing a real Chelsea fan & not a kid who has only known the success of the last three years.
All condoms have holes in them. That's how you put your dick in them.
City and united for the title, pep vs jose
Doesn't a condom already have a hole in it?🤔
Where do these people get time to rant like this? Son, you're a Chelsea supporter. Not a board member.
No bus no party. Why does conte inisist on playing on the counter. Why not commit instead of comitiing after you go down. They are not man city. Less than 60 percent possession which is disgraceful. 70 percent easy and if you have the ball. You will score. You have the quality in hazard.\nTo stop chelsea is easy. STOP THE COUNTER ATTACK AND CONTE IS USELESS.\nWhy play with so many defensive players?
Shit team shit supporters and thats the sample of it
Why do chelsea fans moan just because they've lost one game?You lot win trophies year in year out and your fans are cocky after you lose 1-0 or 2-1.you lot have a problem...
This guy is bigger than DT.
why do all these random cunts keep stopping by and thinking they can give their 2 cents whenever they feel like it? mad disrespectful.
I hopw to god ancelotti replaces conte this summer
I don’t know why black and Asian people support chelsea are you guys deluded they’re deluded. A bunch of middle class snoby asians and blacks support them don’t know their roots uncle toms
he can't even make won successful dribble, the moment i saw willian on the line-up i knew we were going to struggle. charly came in and his first dribble had a better chance at goal then willian attemping 100 dribble and failing 99.
It really feels like the team can't be bothered, rather than Conte being to blame. But then again, the team, and manager didn't show any passion. It feels like the Mourinho disaster is happening again, only with Conte at the centre of a shit storm.
Fab was the only starter who actually played, he wasn't excellent, but compared to the rest he was ok. Mosonda should be starting ahead of William until he fixes homes himself up
You was singing his name when he scored to win you the league 😂😂
Hahaha ... :D \nBatsuayi indeed is very mediocre.\nBut let's hope Chelsea could bounce back. Let's support our team instead of mocking them shall we?
Zappacosta should start now that Moses is out injured
Why conte thinks or believes he can go 2 seasons playing one formation still baffles me! This chelsea team is easily predictable because the manager has failed to keep opponents guessing.substituting a striker when u need one and Willian starting games ahead of Pedro!!!!!!
Ppl can't even handle  one bad result. This is the beauty of premier league. Last season conte was magical this & that now suddenly he is this & that. Give some time we don't have proper 11 now due to injuries. Keep calm & support. Dont b glory hunters like man utd , arsenal. We don't have history but we are making in the process. Keep calm. KTBFFH.
Conte is becoming a bitch because he is not like he was at juventus. And if he gets the passion, ruthlessness and desire from juventus we will win the efl cup because we are shit cahill that anus, willian that anus,bastuyai that anus, they don't know how to play willian and bastuyai went from Messi to a Sunday league player. We need to sell them and buy better players but we all know it will never happen because our board is also shit and the fucking owner doesn't take matters in his own hands and sack fire and kick them (board) out of the door.and the last one we need to stop trying to get fouls and man up and aim to get a goal.
what a shit from Willian everytime when he gets the ball he loses it freely why. Batshuayi is another fucked up player being overrated what a shit. every time we start batshuayi and captain its a lose Why. are they committed to the team or they are being paid to fix games. Willian, Cahill and Batshuayi should be benched no matter what those players are fucking useless. Rudiger and Christen are much better on the back than what this old guy is doing for us. \n\nYeah Batshuayi is like a broken condom
Title is over man. Summer transfer was underwhelming coupled with these type of performances. Best we aim for top 4, try to win one of the domestic cup n maybe a decent run in the ucl.
If we can’t beat Crystal Palace and Burnley, what’s the point.
These southern fans need to get a grip imagine if you supported a club that actually struggles.
Batshuayi should just get outta club asap...willian has really been shit of late though...cahill should just be like JT and admit its past his time and settle for a spot on the bench but he is probably selfish thinking of a spot in world cup...i have a feeling this season will be like the season after we won the league two years ago....
Shit club very little history 😂.
You will never be Arsenal fan TV
One of the worst Chelsea proformances since the founding of the club all the way back in 2003
He talks like Mo from AFTV
Stop interviewing this guy. He speaks anger and not football.
Lewis someone called in sick we need you to come in early
Fucking hell that chant at the start might be the worst chant in football history
We won't win the league for sure bcoz our squad depth is just totally shit.For Man City even without Aguero they are thrashing teams left and right bcoz they have another proven striker Gabriel Jesus.For United if Lukaku gets injured they have Zlatan , Rashford and Martial.But we have useless Batshuay.When he plays we become so shit that we can't even beat fucking Palace!!!!!!
You completely made my day mate. These words are 100% Chelsea now 😡😡
Trending with 9.2k views, well then I guess that Russian tycoon even bribed YouTube mods then.
The production value behind this channel is so mediocre like the history of Chelsea Football Club. 👀
LITERALLY
Ahahahaha chelsea fans are so fucking gay im done
0:40
Looool Chelsea fans are autistic and gay
Combat 18
Kante FC
Lmao what a rip off from AFCTV.
https://youtu.be/ebeoacmAhXc ur welcome
just fuck off copying arsenalfantv, dead content
100percent chelsea and Chill
Gladly take Willian of your hands!
Wilian cahill should be thrown in trash
ChelseafanTV
Ancellotti in as caretaker
Embarrassing
Conte should switch to a Back4 again\n\n4-4-2 would be great\n\n.......... Courtois ..........\n...Ruediger....Luiz........\nAzpi...................Alonso\n.....................................\n...........Fabregas...........\n...Kante..........Bakayoko\n............Hazard.............\n...Musonda......Morata...\n\nSubs-\nCaballero\nChristensen\nZappacosta\nCahill\nPedro\nWillian\nMoses
Someone fucking shoot this prick
batshuayi is shieeettt
Ffs
Dt rival😂
JUST A SHIT AFTV \nSHIT AFTV \nSHIT AFTTTTVVVVV\nJUST A SHIT A F T V
KANTE FC, no kante no party guys
BTEC ArsenalFanTV
i salute this guy
Call me delusional but I still think we can win the title, Man City always have a great start to the season, yes this year they've been pretty explosive but there's no chance they will keep hammering teams the way they are. UTD are playing garbage football recently so I expect them to drop more points, morata will be back this weekend hopefully and our season can restart from there. We had a worse start last season so there is hope.
Somalian is a chelsea shirt 😂😂 man these leeches are everywhere
Always crying like a baby back bitch, no shame in losing to the mighty eagles. Were due a win.
A black Chelsea fan? Must be a paid actor
He is trying to act like troops # AFTV IS BETTER
This is way more hilarious than arsenal fan tv
You'd think these plastic fans can't get anymore fake , but yet again they fail to disappoint.This guy is clearly faking his emotion. C'mon rentboy, stop it!
2000 views, clearly trending.
you look behind the catchphrases and there's nothing there. spot on.
That was fascinating. Find it a real relief to listen to someone who has their head screwed on about this.
That's Sir Starmer, QC, in reply to Her Majesty's Government, Warmongers LLC .. And limited they are.\n\nArdent Brexiters seem to think Democracy is the dictatorship of majority, or that a prerogative is a holy sanctity that mustn't be disturbed in any way. Well, it's not, rather a proper discussion towards consensus, which requires all parties to get off their high horses. Repeatedly shouting we decided and that's it! is not a democratic practice, in fact that's warmongering. Prolonging transition period  or another vote is not reversing Brexit or undemocratic -- in fact it's a common practice as many states and nations around the world review and re-vote decisions. And yes this practice is true had the opposite happened -- had Great Britain chosen to STAY in the EU its citizens should have been given another opportunity [to vote leave] in the future. These decisions go back and forth between the electorate, politicians, officials, etc.\n\nAnd that's DEMOCRACY. So shuffle the deck and play another round (i.e. talk on how to do a proper Brexit).\n\nVote-Talk-Resolve X 10000 times.
Trying to kick the can down the road.   Still face stark future post brexit.
Peston never used to act like that, Where's he got this exaggerated persona from, he seems to have flanderized himself.
Spot on as usual Kier. I can get used to reasonably detailed but straightforward answers.
It's disrespectful not to refer to him as Sir Keir. He is a knight after all.
Nowhere in Article 50 does it say 'With a view to a future agreement'!
Strange because Keir Starmer said on BBC's Daily Politics that if The Government chose to leave without a deal, The Labour Party would vote to keep us in The EU. The talks should have been trade based instead of firstly focusing on Citizens Rights, The ECJ and Divorce Bills. I, like many others, voted to leave and if this is stopped for any reason, then democracy is dead.
All political parties continue to sell the message that there are only 2 options,\n1. Get a good deal. \n2. Leave without a deal. \nBut there is clearly a third option, \n3. To stop Brexit now and then negotiate with the EU from inside the EU club backed by a strong leave mandate. \n\nThe precipitous lodging by the May government of the Article 40 notice was clearly aimed at solving internal party problems with no real consideration given to the interests of the UK or the EU.\nAt the same time the opposition parties allowed the Article 40 notice to proceed without a great deal of opposition or question for fear of losing support from Leave or Remain voters. \n\nThis was and is the state of the political process in our parliament, which has lead a government with no clear mandate to enter UK/EU negotiations in an unplanned, uncoordinated and unduly optimistic fashion. \n\nThe present state of the negotiation is now generally accepted to be unlikely to result in a beneficial outcome for anyone. At the same time our parliament is more divided than ever and the political parties continue to follow a path which could lead to the breakup of the UK and the destruction of our democracy.\n\nWe (the voters) need to save our country from our political parties and our political parties from themselves.\n\nTo this end we ask our Members of Parliament to put aside party loyalties and Pledge to serve all our people in a Unified Cross/Party National Government mandated to stop Brexit now.\nhttp://www.fvvra.org/the-fvvra-pledge\n\nGordon Middleton\nFVVRA.ORG
how much do you have to pay google to be trending?
We were told we would 100% get a deal and the EU would never restrict German manufacturers or French farmers from selling to us. A no deal is the worst possible deal.
So, labour wants the ECJ to have some sort of hold over Britain.
Keir is an Agent of the EU.  Be careful Briton, many traitors about.
Establishment traitor.
Did Conor really call him? If so, how does Joe know Conor??
I hate that people hate him because ksi does. I havent liked ksi for a long time but i dont hate him more
If ur mum fights instead of u, u will actually have a chance of winning #MAMMAWELLERFTW
don't worry Joe you can still knock him out
Just go threw it and don’t be a puasy
Just excuses to no get you're ass wiped KSI  jjs gonna knock you out
Connor Lost... McGregor Won. Connor is white. McGregor is black. Joes already lost. KSI already won. KSI is black
If I say Anthony Joshua rubbing lynx on his body one more time I going to throw my iPad out the window
and joe do you really train with connor megregor
I see blue and grey
With that shoe, I can see both combinations of colours. It depends on how you look at it.
Don't do it as it could mess your knee up in later life
Joe ur too fucking trashhhh u goNna get knocked da fuck out nigga ksi is the fuck in goat
You can do this Joe❤️
KSI IS GOING TO FUCK U UP
STOP TRYING TO GET AWAY FROM A FIGHT MOTHERFUCKER
Can u do anything more Abandoned haunted places
yue are a dick
You are saying it because you are Scared of ksi
Good, I hope your knee effect your fight. Dickhead!
oh so he has an excuse for either pussying out or using drugs so he does not feel Pain? such a disgusting manipulating piece of shit. if ur gonna fight no drugs or you should skip it
I hope you die in the ring you little Pussy 🐱
face looks like you got 10 dicks shoved up it
I think he is being a pussy. He doesn't want to fight KSI because he is scared.
Hey made this as an excuse so that when he loses he will blame it on this
Hes mum * im on weller side because i think youre more mentall accept someone had depression and mental breakdown *
Vans don’t make Grey and Turquoise shoes.
sounds like an excuse to me...
Green and Gray 100% xD! Good luck against KSI
I see greem grey ._.
green and grey
Grey and green
Team weller❤️❤️
Yeah KSI gonna win!!
green and grey
Pink
HAHA
#bitch
Pink and white
#KSI FTW WELLER IS SHIT!!!
Bitch🖕🏻
Green and grey
Will beat u
I feel like this shit ain't gonna happen
Weller you would have lost even if you were 2 times stronger
Blue and gray
Grey and green
JJ is going to get knocked out
Green and Gray
I see green and light blue
@joeweller i am calling you out. Fuck @KSI come box a worthy component fag
If you have a bad knee, then why the fuck are you trying to fight JJ and start beef? Are you honestly retarded? Jesus fucking christ.
You should do more internet melts Joe Weller
Me to in that picture
I once dated a girl I regret the day that I met her cuz she talk and fight too much I call her Connor MC'Greggor
haha ure injured jj is going to destroy you
Can I join team waller
don't bitch out that all i got to say you'll never live it down and the Conor thing is so fake
i used to like you but your a let down
*The mini dick under* -his- *HER nose is bigger then the one between* -his- *HER legs!.* 😂
2:17 did you guys saw teal and gray?  cus i am...
Green and grey trainers no were near pink
This guy makes a bunch of lies💩💩💩
Joe here's a tip if u watched Connor vs maywether right u wanna be maywether cuz u was keep ur guard up till last round because u will keep ur stamina up but his will go down from all hits he throws so last round ge will be tierd u won't so the  u start beating the shit out of him
It's actually a very dull shade of pink, the green that people see is actually the color of the light source, the actual color of the shoes is light pink and white
Joe says jj is pussying out when he makes a vid like this ? Still on team weller like but come on joe ?
Bullshit
Pussy
...git gud u scrub.
I still think your going to win agents ksi
Green and grey
Green and grey
fuck you shit face
pink and white
Pink any white how xD
PUSSYING OUT ALREADY LOLOLOLOL
white and pink
KSI KSI KSI KSI KSI KSI
Joes mum vs jjs mum
Pussy got hurt
Green and gray
Fucking fake ass fuck
Green and grey
#weller
Whatever happens please beat KSI
PUSSSSAAYYYYY
KSI WILL BEAT YOU....  YOU WILL LOOSE...................'''
Green and grey
Shut the fuck up pussy
Purple and yellow
#TEAMKSI
Ksi is gonna FINISH you
You are mc greagor and Ksi is mayweatjer
GREEN AND BLUE
Hahaha weak ass
KSI would win the fight that my opinion what's your thoughts?
Joe welled you a weak bitch
I KNOW IF YOU DO LOSE  your excuse is this :DD
Owwww u got a boob you will pussy out
You use ur hands not ur legs retarded fuck
still undefeated for the season hehe
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that Arsenal lost 2-1 to Watford.
HAVE YOU SEEN CHELSEA LOSING TO CP ? OR ARSENAL TO WATFORD ? HELLO THIS IS REAL FOOTBALL NO ONE CAN CONTROL IT LIKE YOU DO WITH ALEX HUNTER'S JOURNY IN FIFA !
Man Utd fan here. I agree with what Mourinho was saying. Watching the game, Liverpool had more possession and pressed higher, but they could not unlock our defense. Both teams were trying to nullify each other's attacks. Liverpool tried to keep the ball and pressing high when they didn't so they get the ball back. Man Utd were defending in numbers to counter-attack Liverpool, which has been a weakness of theirs. Klopp didn't risk removing a midfielder to reinforce their attack, because it meant that a space would form in the middle which would help our devastating counter-attack. He knew if we countered it would be over, so he played it safe. Both teams were defensively strong but Liverpool were poor in attack and we were waiting to attack. \n\nI don't mid the defending in numbers. What frustrated me was the sloppy passes and possession loss when we did have the ball. Our midfielders gave the ball away too much. This is why Pogba is good in counter-attacking. He has the best range of passing arguably in the world and would've been better for possession when we had possession.\n\nNevertheless, coming to Anfield is tough so a point is enough. United will be happier with the point though, especially with Liverpool's shit form. 1 win in 8 games, are you okay?
There's more than one way to skin a cat. The very best managers have the ability to chop and change tactics if required and there's no-one better than Jose. As a Liverpool fan the most important game each season is v United. It's THE Cup Final for Liverpool and they will always play 15% above themselves in this game. United have much bigger fish to fry in terms of trying to stay alive in 4 competitions with the ultimate goal of silverware in May.\n\nTherefore to go to Anfield and come away with a point, deny Liverpool fans the one win they want more than anything and make Liverpool's dream of the top 4 that little bit harder to achieve is not that bad a day's work for anyone who's heart belongs to Manchester United. \n\nAll this park the bus talk is generated by one emotion and one emotion only...................FRUSTRATION. It's 11 v 11 and Liverpool couldn't even score, never mind win. Liverpool needed the 3 points far more than United as they are already so far behind in the league, especially with it being a home game for Liverpool.  In summary.......................... Klopp 0-1 Jose.
Arsenal go foit => lost, Chealsea brave => lost, u should fire Mou , he is always set to win
why wasn't Mata used as the creative player needed to feed Lukaku and the wingmen - Herrera and Matic could still play as holding midfilders - Jose makes no mention of Mata ?!?! stop making excuses for a lack lustre performance. why are you waiting for Klopp to allow you to win the game - is that for real from a so-called top manager
If you want to win the league. You have to try  attacking away from home to places like Liverpool,spurs,Chelsea ,arsenal and man city. These teams are almost like 4 points as the other top teams have to get a result like that too.
Oh man can't Waite for cytiy to teach him how is football fun
what a shameless complain and denying fact that Mourinho is saying  I`ve no midfielder..... but forgetting what Herrera did last year even with the 35 years old Carrick ! As a Man Utd culture of football I HATE TO WATCH SUCH GAME any more! No more bussssss in the playing field even for Man City match day or Barcelona!
Liverpool is shit. Scousers in general are born chav and smell very bad
All of you lot are fools, and bandwagoners who dont understand football, I'm sick of seeing this shit Oh Mou ruined the game - Who's the manager, who's won the lot time and time again, you fools were let down only by your expectations, and as a man utd fan, was I happy with the performance? No. Happy with the Tactics? No. Because like most of you I've been spoiled by the Sir Alex Era, so no I would never be happy. But do I understand? I do, I do understand, even though I don't agree, I understand, and I will support Mou as long as he is at the helm. The league will not be won and lost in October. If the opponent can't score they can't win. As for as many goals city have score and all the stats you like, we've score the second most, conceded the least, and let me remind you a Man City loss, just one, and a United win on any given weekend, and we're top of the league, now hows that for perspective ?
Fair play Jose altho im a united supporter Liverpool are a decent team but we still not defeated yet this season (bpl)
Nobody realizes he was trying to do a Chelsea v Liverpool at anfield 13/14......... sadly no one slipped
People don’t notice that Mourinho is scared of Klopp teams.
You always have to make the best of what you have available, OK united midfield was weak but this should have been compensated with the best attacking players.  I would have like to see martial, rashford and lukaku in the starting 11.   this takes pressure away from the weak midfield and would have forced liverpool into more defensive tactics.  I do not think mourinho works with a game to game plan.  seems to me that he thinks one game tactic fits all.  We should have burst out of the gates against liverpool and put them on the backfoot from the start.  Im not a big mourinho fan, I wanted giggs :(
I sink man u gonna sink
I see united fans on here saying that we played defensive! Lol and they call us deluded
Klop should just Thank Jose for not attacking that shity defense atleast he has another day to improve his shity team. . . .sacking is around the corner.
With the attacking power we have, I still don’t understand why Jose insists on playing so defensive against the top 6 away. It’ll be a problem for us to battle the best teams in Europe with this sort of play
Liverpool fan should listen to this interview.  it shows that klopp is slowly adapting his pressing style to be more defensively solid.  It shows that slowly he is heading toward a balance where he can keep creating and no concede to much.   If he carry's on and then adds a Van dijk and a proper striker we could be challenge.  Possibly next season. especially when you add keita to that midfield a defender and ma better striker
Chelsea united....as a Bayern Fan i lost all respect for manu... history and tradition means nothing to you i guess...never understood why they signed mourinho...
Dont worry is stil way to go
we draw? arsenal and chelsea loose and am happy
Everyone is complaining about Jose parking the bus, yet here he explains brilliantly how Klopp is no different. Klopp basically matched Jose in substitutions and tactics, refusing to make the first move to actually threaten United's defence. Especially for someone at home, lying 7th in the table and 7 points adrift, you take out Salah, Coutinho and Firmino as soon as Lingard & Rashford come on? Is this what heavy metal football looks like? It doesn't matter though. Hugging your players on the pitch instantly makes you a better manager.
Soo... basically he regrets that he didn't have Schweinsteiger. :P
Jose has found the keys to his bus I see
The truth is this, Van Gaal would not have played difensive against Liverpool neither would SAF have. Liverpool defense was shit and Jose made them look like class. As a United fan if you are not disappointed with the display and the fact that Jose went for a draw even before the game then you need to be his assistant.
Tot you'd be happy with losing 2pts against a cheap team you are a real idiot and we don't need cowards.. No chance to go to France?
The English press talks too much. Sometimes it unnecessary. He (Jose) had a game plan and he did exactly that based on the way the opponents played. A draw is always better than losing
So he waited for Liverpool to give him a chance to attack? What kind of a game plan is that???
WHAT ARE YOU DOING MAN U
ramicoo bro liverpoo fans are honestly living in the past. Wake the fuck up its not 70s anymore. They are just pissed off cause they were waiting for a battering and didnt get it so they thought utd are there for the taking and even then they managed a 1 proper chance on goal by their defender for crying out loud. Where is your 120 million super star that u now wish u sold him to messilona after his memorable performance yesterday especialy the cheap dive to get a pen. FUCK OFF SCOUSERS
Mkhtaryan was useless he had no effort in him! Overated and our worse buy in 4 years!!
This result proves the only reason man utd have been on form is because they have played bottom half teams. They will lose every game against top 10 cos they're fucking shit with an arrogant black stinky cunt for a striker
Jose Borinho complaining that he doesn't have enough players haha.....Give him another £300m to spend.  He hasn't spent enough yet lol
Valuable point, against a difficult opponent away from home. For me, as a fan, it wasn't an exciting game, but I'm happy that we got a point. I'm expecting a lot more dominance from United in the Old Trafford fixture though.
Chelshit fans ranting about United parked the bus again. Chelshit played good football and got 0 points. You coudlnt simply beat Zaha. Mourinho is one of the best managers in English football. Salute from an Arsenal fan.
Liverpool fan here, of course Jose didn't play attacking here, why would he? We press high an aim for the neck, he sheltered the neck. Sure it wasn't exciting but there is 22 players on the pitch that can change that, all the managers can do is set a base, United were not good but we could not score either, they left with a point. I would take a point at OT too. Next game, let's go YNWA
This man is ruining what used to be the best fixture in the world, Liverpool vs United, he come in with a squad worth 250 million and parks the bus, its rlly depressing
am a man u fan he didnt park the bus he park a double decker bus
Klopp was the pussy if you can’t see that u have got problems
Jose had a good game plan, our players did not turn up for the game. Lukaku is a very good striker but is not that clinical for me at times. A game away if you get a single chance you must score twice. That could have changed the game completely. Liverpool could have broken up the mid 3 and played right into Jose's game plan. We were easily giving the ball away, I miss Pogba and Fellaini they dont lose the ball unnecessarily
Ryans Gigs criticised Moyes for being a 'respond to the other team' kind of coach, rather than being ManU and doing things their way. Jose does the same as Moyes, complains that the other coach doesn't let his side play, and he is some kind of super coach? Amazing.
He definitely go for a draw.. i can feel jose had a lot of pressure after last season.. he could have been sacked if he didnt win europa league after all the money  he spend.. so now he tried the best to not losing by parking ke train and not sacked by the bus..
People complaining ?? Looks like draw but it's beautiful 1 points, kloop worked on defending I think
Man that's an ugly shirt.
Jose Jose jose. Guardiola is playing de bryun and Silva both number 10 in midifield if Jose wants to really control the game he could have payed mata but he didn’t want to take risk. However as a Man U fan I think he did the rit thing by parking the bus. Fergi have done it, so why not Jose ?
Played for a point and can't even admit it
How is this on trending?!
LFC there for the taking and he bottled it
Fucking dickhead blaming his midfielders instead of his shite tactics. This man is a coward. Liverpool are shocking defensively, take the initiative and put them to the sword. This is cowardly. He played the same vs Southampton in the second half after going 1-0 up. Coward.
Man United manager doesn't care what fun say or think .\nThat what I like to morinho .
Everytime Arsenal depresses me, i always remember the mighty united spent 90m on a walking haircut to finish 6th and celebrate a EFL cup.
I don't care what anyone says. But Liverpool fans who say deffo our year and try to prove that Coutinho is worth over £60m are a disgrace to football. They're just a bunch of chavs who have nothing better to do than cringe out everyone... like fuck.
If Tony pulis, sam allardyce or sean dyche play like this and they are ridiculed and called out for ruining the game. Yet this horrible cunt mourinho does it and he is praised master tactician, genius bla bla. Get a fucking grip and pull your tongues out of his and man utd’s asses. He came for a draw that is it. Tell me any top team in the world goes out to a direct rival to get a point. I thought big bad man utd where running away with the league smashing teams? Oh ye thats right they have played nearly everybody in the bottom half of the table and the first good team they come up against and guess what they hardly got a kick of the ball. Fucking frauds
come on!!! why should he give you opportunity to counter attack????? you say they were very defensive??? come on!!! who was more defensive???
lol these reporters are out to wind up Mouringyo
he sends andreas pereira on loan and moans for having no midfield playes on bench.....pereira would have been great value in this squad.
One team wanted to win this game, embarrassing it’s hard to break down 11people behind the ball
How is 9k views in 6 hours ‘trending’
FRAUD.
morinho didn't care about fans
Arsenal lost, Chelsea lost, & b*tches complaining about Mourinho & United
Park the bus cunt.
Jose fucking coward
Good job Mourinho!
Haters - liverpool didnt win.... man utd didnt lose ==== what shit r u talking about
mourinho is a liar
Mou is classic.
1 point is still 1 point. no pobga no fellaini.
Calm down guys, Chelsea lost today......
Get a grip Jose!
Trending?
Terrible game
without retracts please !!
👿👿0/0:(
best mourinho
Jose you are talking BS. I have followed United for 28 years, and this is what you give back to our tradition. Sir Alex would never have done that. He would have gone for it, in the best of traditions of United. This is typical Jose play...
manu lack creative mid fielders
Mr. Parkinho!
Back in the days he did it at Chelsea it worked because he had Drogba, who would have finished that one ‘Lukaku’ chance. Fact is he still parked a double decker! If Salah had left that ball for Coutinho this story would be different.
Did not do the job needed during the transfer market. He should have bought 2 or 3 midfielders and atleast 2 more strikers. He bought a holding mid, a defender and a striker. Terrible mismanagement for a “topmanager” at a big club as Manchester United is. \n\nManchester United will run into the same issues as they’ve had last year. When injuries and suspensions show up the club has no back up, which will cost points. I am pretty sure that we will see more of these kind of matches if they won’t do their job the next transferwindow.
GGMU  win lose or draw man united till i die, 20 times Champions!!! many plastic fan's (kids?) 😡😠 If you can't win, draw is good. J.M won more at Man Utd than J.K and P.G at loserpool and SHITY 😂
When you play a quicker team. Start trying playing first more italian. Then play like Barca.
A 0-0 draw with Liverpool means Mourinho has now gone ten straight games without a win at Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester City, Manchester United, Tottenham or Saturday’s opponents. His sides have drawn five and lost five of those games, conceding 15 goals and scoring just four times. Just one of those away goals have come since he was appointed at Old Trafford.
Meanwhile city keep bangin goals. Thats the diference between Pep and the bus driver.
blah,blah MU didn't win bcoz pogba is injured and klopp did not go out full attack! \nmou is a shit manager!
where was the 200 million buget team offensively? if he couldn't win this liverpool, in this form, in this period, he will never beat it.
Garry Neville is full of shit.
Liverpool were all over you, \nU prick.
jose,jose, here ,over here, boring as fuck jose,man united charlatans again jose. here jose .millions spent and no joy jose. chelsea what jose, liverpool better .yes that is true. united found out again .
am so glad this bus parking man get out of my club.
Chicken-shit manager with chicken-shit scared defensive tactic. Nothing new from arrogant shit. Big game against big opponent and he goes defensive. His explanation is BS. He is a reactive manager. I hope City smashes them 5-0 like Barca did his Real M in 2010.
Why didn't Mourinho envisage the possibility of the formation that Klopp chose and have a mid-field  player on the bench to deal with it. Isn't that what coaches do especially the Special One? Of course he didn't come for 3 points but just the 1.
KLOPP SPENT 120M SINCE OCTOBER 2015\n\n300M SPENT SINCE JULY 2016. HE'S A PATHETIC NEGATIVE FRAUD
Mourinho and utd..... SHIT!!!!!
Special one👏
What makes me mad is idiots that do not understand how deeply depleted the team is at this period of time, which Mourinho is trying to conceal as much as he can. Get it: no Bailly, no Rojo, no Carrick, no Pogba, no Fellaini and on top of that injured Rashford. Why Mouhrinho played defensively and Lukaku did not get service, because Mouhrinho is realistic, he got the maximum today and Lukaku had his chance to score. That is all Mkhitaryan's fault.
He's going to kill me.... yes he is girl!! 🤣🤣🤣 do you know how bad the NBA & his teammates are going to make fun of him!? Lmaoooooo damnnn...no championship this year 💀
You've got a fetish for my feet, I push you out and you come right back.
Loni all in her damn phone I know she was thinking back up bitch!
Real niggas suck on toes
I love feet and Ayesha's a pretty girl but her feet r okay. She fucked up because now steph gone get hella Dms of IG girls feet. He won't be able to contain himself
I relate to him but, why she let them bait her lol
Welcome to the club Steph 😁
Attention the real, keep Ayesha pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
Idris Elba out here making foot fetish okay 😩😩😩
I bet Currys DM's full of feet. LMAO
Send feet baby
When you ask for nudes but she ain't even like you
The ladies look stunning loving Loni's makeup and hair!!!!! Tamera all season has been slaying.
He gone get clowned in the locker room now..well done. You set your own husband up lol
Y'ALL NEED TO KEEP AYESHA ON THE PANELLLLL
she need to be part of the team
I don't see what the problem is I mean they are married, and I love feet as well.
Thats really cute🙃
Because he has that Quentin Tarantino foot fetus. Look up Thai foot massage 😂😂😂
Good Christ Ayesha, there’s somethings you don’t say on national tv. I don’t like steph but goddamn woman have some sense
And I bet Steph is going to be label as a foot creep.
Idris literally just said last week that feet gets him too!!!
Y'all seen that video of a light skin sucking on that one girls feet? Must be lightskin thing to be into feet
KEEP AYESHA!! ADD her to the Cast!!
I thought he liked fooking the calves...
People clowning on Steph...but imagine how many ballers in the league are foot lovers? Its nothing new or odd to have a foot fetish...other than the definition description itself which makes it seem unacceptable. Same thing applies with the Rex Ryan issue a few years back. There is absolutely no doubt many players in the NFL league are foot men. Recognize truth.
I leaving that alone  folks
Women in their natural habitat. Cluck cluck clucking
Throw her on her back give her dick while u suck on her toes
I have feet fetish as well. Girls with bad feet is a major turn off for me.
Men who are turned on by feet are weird to me.
Cavs in 3
Steph tries so hard to protect his reputation and Ayesha always does something like this lol
Lowkey not even a fetish, pretty feet be lookin raw as hell lmao
astrology..it's a Pisces thing..i'm one..if her feet are ugly then it's a no
Single women always want to know the secrets to you & your mans relationship and guess what\nafter they find out they will use it to......GET YOUR MAN.   \nSmart ladies keep your private matters......private.\npeace.
I'm jealous right now he get all 10 toes to play with anytime. I know he enjoy her toes sucking on her pretty toes, tongue all over and between her toes
Love feet.. nothing wrong w that.. goes to show most real men pay attention to lil details
I like my mans Curry even more.
shes rich af and he doesnt even have the latest iphone lol shes still using like an iphon 6 it seems lol
She’s not even cute fat ass face smh curry
So Steph Curry has a foot fetish?  Maybe he likes to suck toes
He's going to kill her 😂😂😂
- [ ] Please watch me and my gf YouTube video! We’re lesbians👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩👭Watch the cute story of how we first met and how we feel about each other!!!😏💖 please get us to 10k views😪❤️ we subscribe to our subscribers and watch their videos as well. Please just take 10 mins out your day to watch our 2 videos 😰❤️‼️
FREE MONEY FROM ATM, 100% LEGIT, BLANK CARD HACK\nPull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out \nfrom ATM they works world wide.\n\nAre you currently in a financial economy crisis\nOr dealing with Bad credit card debt, Cool way\nto have financial freedom Are you tired of living \na poor life, here is the opportunity you have been \nwaiting for.\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before. \n\nContact us today for your Card. \nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com \nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below For Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
The ONLY way I'll watch the real again, after the shameful way they treated Tamar, is to bring her back. I'll also settle for Ayesha Curry cuz Tamar is booked!
I like that though very unusual but kind of cute too.
What's with Adrienne and the oversized one sleeved shirts😂😂😂
So glad I don't know this much about Savannah James....
Girls....make up your feet from now on 😂
I'm here for the hilarious comments lol.
Lony is wearing  Tamar ‘s wig hahahhahaha and Adrienne is wearing Tamar’s dresses hahahhahaha I think realdaytime  is saving good money this season
It’s her man/husband she can send him him whatever.
I would love for Ayesha to be a host!!!
These show's are perfect for my low IQ. \nOnly 4100 views and this crap is trending?
Ayesha please give Stephen your phone. TMI!
Shows me that Curry is a faithful dude. Instead of looking for thots while on the road he asks his wife for nudes/feet pics.
Amazing price charmes with 10% off use code 10off go to\nMikeyww.com
I have foot fetish also
stephen should have killed ayesha by now
I have a foot fetish 2
Вот ебнутая. Нашел себе курицу без мозгов. Что она покажет на камеры в следующий раз? Грязное белье?
motherfuckers are weird
Ayesha do got some sexy feet.... *pulls out lotion
Lol this was cute! Love Ayesha
Tomi Lahren kicks ass with this....A MUST WATCH PEOPLES.. \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdviQqu_ZcQ
OMG this was viral on twitter too cute
Because she can??
😂😂😂😂😂
Yay Ayesha Curry!
Dickhead for exposing him
Foot porn😂
Chef man!! 💪
She has nice toes
Shaq gonna send some feet pics to curry now lol
Wow! How amazing lol
😂😂
Eww.
Cavs in 4
Lol lonis facial expressions
One of us. One of us. One of us.
Stephen 😍😍😍💕🙈
I fw Steph lightskin girls always got pretty feet and white girl
You would knock that bitch out cold when she get home
Loni hype. He's married fat ass
Well now we know something about him... He like feet! She a size 10 mind you!!!! 🙊 I love you Ayesha don’t come for me I’m just saying!
crusty
Steph curry light skin bitch has a foot fetish lool
Poor Curry put on blast lmao.
shooting 3’s and sucking toes 🐐
I'm sorry, I don't do feet. I can't stand when a chick rub em on mine or on my leg. Nope. Hell no. 🤷🏾‍♂️
Lana är så fin
Monkey feet.
Tamera has incredibly sexy feet , herself !!!!!! 😍😉😊
If my wife exposed me this bad shes getting divorced and sued for  emotional distress
There is no heterosexual explanation for this
Lmao Steph is a toe sucker. still I'd suck Ayesha's toes
Why she gotta expose my mans like that
Black Fat bitches!!!!
Fucking normies infest everything and now they are heading for the fetishes 🙄
Imagine Joe with a perm
I see pink and white!
Mint and grey
You are so fr****n TALENTED!!! That’s insane!! 🎸🎸🎸
my bff did this to me last satureday
Alfie with the purple hair dye things 😂 and I see blue and grey
It's grey and mint for me
Pink and white
It's mint
https://youtu.be/-GD53_ivBgo
Pink and white
I saw that on facebook and I don't know
i think the shoe is mint and grey
I have those shoes and they're pink and white!
pink and white! xx
Mint and grey shoe my mum said pink and white straight away
I really want someone who can play guitar, because then they can play me a song to fall asleep too 😌
Well then what did everyone see on the thumbnail ..
Omg Joe. How. Like how are you looking so handsome.
I saw grey and mint
I agree with zoella that it's pink and white
Wth the in the beginning 😂😑
I see mint and grey, no clue what Zoe's goin on about!! XDDD
Omg that shoe was mint in the tumbnail yesterday but when I saw it today it was pink!
Hahahahaha the shoe was glow in the dark!!!!! Silly! ❤lol
Countdown music with the slow zoom , but when the abrupt ones came I was crying
PINK AND WHITE ITS PINK AND WHITE ZOE THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR AGREEING WITH ME
I see pink and white
i cant be the only one that sees pink & mint 😂
Why can't people realise you can buy customised vans 🤦🏼‍♀️
Go into a picture editing app and use colour/color select, its just shades of blue and grey...
i can see both colours
i swear sometimes I see mint and grey and other times I see pink and white
I see mint and green but it’s actually white and pink
No body gives a shit what colour the shoe is.
its pink and white
I'm 11 and I can't get it in my size
sub to me ill sub back with bots
I saw the shoe in Light Turquoise,Grey and Dark Grey
On the shoe I first saw pink but then when joe clicked off it and back on I saw mint x
ITS AQUA AND GREY
what song was that??
It's teal and grey
This is so last year
I see pink and white  van.
I agree with Joe about the shoe colours
I see pink and white
The shoes I originally saw in blue and white, but when I thought about it I started seeing it in white and pink and now I can’t see it the other way
joe do another video of you playing guitar and singing you are so so good at it like so he sees this every1 if u agree
The shoe is pink and white
i see it different from different angles but i first saw pink and white
bOI I THOUGHT BYRON WAS THE LEAD SINGER OF COLDPLAY
It's a picture of a pink and white shoe that's been altered to make it appear grey and turquoise. Look at the greenish hand.
You both look like ET in the thumbnail
I keep on looking back at the photo and it keeps switching from grey and mint and then pink and white... what is happening?!
Joe playing the guitar 😍
it is pink and white
It’s pink and white 😂
It's mint and greyyyy 😂
You're really good at guitar
I also see mint and grey
it is a nice shoe
There must be something with my eyes because with the dress I saw white and gold and now I see mint and grey, I can never see the opposite?
I see pink and white!
i see pink and white
Joe is right about the shoe
Joe is right I see grey and mint. There is no white or pink!
joe, im sorry, but wtaf is that mask
BITCOIN MINER APP FROM WINDOWS WITH GPU AND CPU \nBest BTC Adder Daily 0.53 BTC Without Any Investment DOWNLOAD  http://goo.gl/vpWEUa
I saw white and pink
You should go to the X factor
It's a Ballchinian 😂
Sri Lankan Elephant Chasing Due To Foolish Activity. plz skip the button http://1ink.cc/WEu4
10:33 i actually watched the video that already came out and then i started watching this vlog, and thought it sounded familiar
Mint and grey!!!!
That's why the sky was orange! 😂😂😂
good vlog with him playing the guitar
I see mint and grey nothing else....
Lovely singing voice :)
Joe I think the same as you
Omg I thought he meant Byron 😭😭😅😅
Mint and Grey
Mint and grey guys
pink and white
9:07 😂✋
Pink
The countdown music lol😂😂
Pink and white duhhhh
Pink white
http://foxy.cat/bye.php
Pink & white
ITS TEAL AND GREY
Byron can singgg 😻
5:01 HOW
Racist
Mint and grey deffo
Joe your trending 21 btw not supprised but yay
100% grey and teal
These is red bottoms
8:45 - 9:36 😂
Era of funk is slowly coming back with Bruno mar's 24K album, Charlie's attention and now this.
Its got my signature ...yup I went on that and ...? Lol \nMade my serotonin feel happy lovely tune .
John is probably one of the most suitable guy to wear a suit, always looking so damn sharp in them
check this guy, he sings just like John legend \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X02AZN_IAow
Love this! So thankful that I have friends, family and acquaintances from all walks of life! I've always wondered how thats a struggle for the rest of the world.
I didn't know there was a mv!!!! I love it
This video really makes me love this song so much more!!! The entire album is amazing ..need a video for record w/ Migurl as well 🙌
political narrative aside\nI've been a fan of both, but was surprised how low-energy this was (Legend has a great voice, love some other songs, Chance is interesting ...I liked Acidrap - Cocoa Butter Kisses.).\n\nI don't know about y'all but I just get up early each morning for a laborious job to barely pay my bills. My coworkers are of all races...We all get along great. I am sure there are racists of all races! But in this genetic existence we will always have individuals with brain disorders. I would certainly personally kick the teeth out of a racist attacking a black man etc , but in close to 30 years I have never personally witnessed bigoted attacks against Blacks or Hispanics - I conclude outright racism is  uncommon. \n\nI do believe there is institutional and government racial discrimination, but ironically they are perpetuated mostly by the left-wing, historically and even now. Some of the largest Black urban communities in the USA have been under overwhelming and largely exclusive Democrat rule going over 50 years!!! \n\nThe irony of it all is the democrats are the ones mainly who empower the police the most to breach citizens' constitutional rights vs unlawful search and seizure.\n\n They are also constantly balkanizing America in their espoused ideologies instead of assimilating our interests of freedom and liberty from tyranny.\n\n In my experience the only outright belligerent bigotry I've personally witnessed was against Jews and gays.\n Did you know that statistically Jews and gays are the greatest targets of hate crime in the USA\nhttps://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/06/16/us/hate-crimes-against-lgbt.html
is it me or does John look like Morgan Freeman @some parts in the song\nor am I seeing things?
Me and my thinking:\nTime: 10:00 pm\nMe: oooh John ok i see you ok let’s listen \nMind: *GURL YOU KNOW DADDY CHANCE THE RAPPER IN DIS GUUUUUURRRLLL LIKE O MA F’ING GOOOOOOOIIIII. GURL F SCHOOL YOU GON WATCH THIS*
I wish it was that easy John...
i like how he says elevator XD
chance part starts at 3:10.....you're welcome.
I've never seen an eloquent video before. Well done.
John Legend stays killing it !! 😍💯
i was waiting for chace to show up..... i didn't  see him though..
Shit he the same john legend from All of me? 😂
John looks weirder the last time I saw him and that was years ago
This video gives me a Racist Vibe music is fine tho
I'm not the kind of gold digger people think I am. You just happen to be WHERE all the gold is
I clicked this because I thought chance was going to actually be in it🙄😞
Who else thinks he looks like Gus Fring?
Legend looks like Gus Fring in this, half expected him to slit someone's throat with a box knife
Another celebrity hoping on the political trend
John is a legend!\n\n\n\n\n\nLel
Is his like back then or something but the footage and setting just the visuals are beautiful and the chill beat.
someone please explain to me what is the message of this song :(  im sorry, i dont really get it.
Always have loved this song and this is now one of my favorite music videos
ah man this kinda got me emotional because what we wish to believe in stays a dream, just as reality stays inevitable
When I saw chance  I instantly clicked but John ended being the reason I raped the replay button
An artist who makes beautiful music with a beautiful message. This music video perfectly displays what is and what should be.
John legend always has a great message to his songs
This is a beautiful video.
It's like Backyard Party but not just about R Kelly planning a party
Why chance not in the video :(
I don't get the video ))):
1.40. The pianist looks like Kanye...
why bring prejudice and race into this? No disrespect but that's not even the message of the song.\noh yeah, and there's no chance smh
John Legend, in his position, is not someone who should make remarks like these. If I or anyone else were to want to walk into John Legends home or hotel suite in real life we would have to find a way to schedule and appointment and be checked.\n\nWhy would you not have the same process for immigration? \n\nThe whole world fights against illegal-immigration. Mexico built their own wall to make sure that Guatemalans do not come in illegally. This does not make John Legend hateful, The United States hateful, or Mexico hateful. \n\nDespite this, I love the idea of celebrating together as people of different colors and backgrounds. I have several brothers and sisters from different races. God did not make any mistakes.
WE NEED TO SEE SOME SOUTHEAST ASIAN (INDIAN, PAKISTANI) GIRLS IN THESE MUSIC VIDEOS GODDAMIT
John was a Legend since Get Lifted!!!🔥🔥🔥👑👑👑
Legend he doesn't have to be a legend cos his songs are already legendary
This is the music I've been waiting for the world to hear. Beautiful and mesmorising.
This song is highly addictive!!
Omg, i heard one word❤️❤️❤️HIS voice is just 😱😫😍😍😍
Uh that jazz! Love it.
This man is amazing!
Such a great singer !
I’m loving this and chances part 🤗🤗🤗
I love the message of the song
gma
I’m getting nick Jonas - chains vibes
wake up people
😭😭😭
sexy asf
Start earning money! http://MyFixEarning.com/?refer=12896
Anyone here before 5,000,000 views?
MAMA REMIX by GHOST ENIGMA\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMa-_Qxox6Q&index=15&list=PLVaQmNT-_mCLIf78hLWlvpPqIoIKjyQGV
suck off bby
Great!!!!!!!!!
Damn 8 days late😔😓
I fucking love negroid music.
https://youtu.be/IQPoMWuLItg
ALLL OFF MEE, LOVESS , ALLL OFFF THISS SONG ♥
NEW DAYS BULLSHIT?
nice video
So damn good! Thanks for letting me know about it on your Instagram live ♥️♥️♥️
Smooth 😎😎🎹🎤🎼🎵🎷
i dont now haw tu speek inglish. bat i laik your musice A_A
Sounds great! Really diggin it!
So good
After watching this vid, it's changed my evaluation of the meaning behind the lyrics. Imo, the penthouse floor is that level of achievment that society keeps certain class and stereotype out of. The ppl in attendance are your common rich white folks [with a sprinkle of political agenda], servers and the few outliers are unrealistic, stereotypes. [Aka, the generic black rapper with flashy grill teeth making a fool of himself]\nAfter a change of clothes, John, creates his own space/penthouse in which he initially allows a few ppl to enter. Eventually, the reputation behind this movement forced ppl to dispose of their beliefs, politics, stereotypes and just come together as humans and enjoy the pleasures of music. Might have read too much into this but if not, then good job John.
weakness, this song isn't John.\nHe's much better like this.
This song is sooo good❤
FINALLY! Legend making music that matters.
We all hope to make it to the penthouse floor... we all hope to make it to another place we've neva explored... the times we live in are being strongly ignored. By the majority... at least. Hopefully we all make it up there John
do you like music?\nof course you do!\nvisit my soundcloud to listen to some (hopefully) great music!\nhttps://soundcloud.com/user-108304695
This song is only good because of chance
One word to describe this:\n\nCRISP.
am I the only one that felt that this sing kinda sounded like jealous from Nick Jonas in the beginning
I believe the concept of this is that we black people need to be accepted as equals and should be noticed by our intelligence and be accepted to Upper class or The Penthouse Floor
John Unlegend has permanent dick lips
83k
Clever
wowwowowowowow
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2OYnKaJNkeyQb1q292G6BU follow
H saw ya 0:29
CHECK OUT:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HM3jjRI1MHE&feature=youtu.be
Before 5 million squad!!!
Nice
John looks so good
Amazing <3
This was beautiful.
Beautiful .John legend
Love the beat, smotthing
*Logan Paul* Sings about his hair, 15 Million views *John Legend* Makes an actual song that means something, 3 Million views
Penthouse Floor ft. Chance the Rapper
Chance fuckin sucks
Better than Bruno Mars.
Chance is overrated
Trump sounds like a 12 year old boy with his twitter fights, calling people names, etc. and all of these adults at his rallies listen to him and think he is smart and a great president. Are you f**king serious!? Also, it's hilarious his supporters have Drain the Swamp signs because Trump added to the swamp with Goldman Sachs executives, his campaign donors, and billionaires. Also, Trump bitched about Hillary (Goldman Sachs, cutting Wall St. regulations, adding soliders/war, jobs, unsecured computers, elites, etc.), BUT he is doing the same thing. Trump is a hypocrite and a conman.
Now sexual predator rapist Bill O'Reilly was given his job back after paying $33 million for abusing women and lost his daughter for pulling his wife down the stairs by her hair.  Trump, Weinstein, O'Reilly and Cosby should ALL be in prison.  Anyone who says else wise is protecting sexual predators.
Sometimes woman are gross. I am a 27 year old women and a lawyer, if my boss ever asked me to go to his house, our dinner,bar etc. i would say NO. Only women who want to have a career without doing nothing besides being on their backs are like this they accept this kind of invitations and they know exactly why they are going there for, \nIts like a deal. So please stop with this when there are so many women that are in very REAL sexual assault situations.
Gotta love how, when a man is being taken to task about sexual abuse, a woman jumps in to attack another woman. Trump-supporting women are so self-hating that they'll defend a liberal just to scratch at another woman's throat. Their primary value is as tools. Pathetic.
You should be able to be alone with a woman without sexually assaulting her. BAM!!
Wish the World had more men like Seth.
Goth Trump ?... Somehow...I think that's an improvement ....like an improvement in from a turd burger to a turd pizza..as in..( I guess??)..not much improvement...
Will someone talk about Joe Biden? https://youtu.be/Sd8o3WUKP8M
4 unfuckables , I forgot Gorka
sad..
Well said Seth.....👌❤️
Don't you get tired about all the bullshit on trump he is helping you're nation just go and look at how  the statistics of your economy grew in the last year its like you are blind its there but you don't want to see it.....wake up trump is helping you and no he is not racist remember Jesse Jackson saying thank you to Donald trump for helping the black community.....even Italians are more patriotic about America than you liberals
Meyers is certainly not an expert and who cares what he or any late night or early morning so called comedian thinks!
Haha and nothing about Bill Clinton and his sexual scandals, that actually are PROVED
https://youtu.be/wzG66ETRnD8\nDid you just grab my ass?  Hilarious Harvey!!\nhttps://youtu.be/5_uR5ahkMOs\nDolly twerked her butt off for Harvey!
https://www.needtoimpeach.com\nsign the petition to impeach Trump!
Seth Meyers is no longer satire, it's just him, and the producers opinion. It's sad how he has shifted from funny content to trying to influence people's opinions.
Trump is a disgusting human being.
Goth Trump....that nearly killed me!!!! He does look a Little..ehm...better though....bäh!!
Proverbs 15:4 ESV / 9 helpful votes \n\nA gentle tongue is a tree of life, but perverseness in it breaks the spirit.
news  another journalist  was blown up in her car she was doing a report on Hillary.
I guess trump had to sexually assault more women for this to be truly horrific.  The right is screaming about Bill and his 1 offense.  I am glad the Alt-Right and republicans can find it in their hearts and bibles to forgive trump and his 12 transgressions.  Good for you,  truly commendable!  Now tell your daughters that if a rich white man sexually assaults and harasses you,  it was your fault and yes, you  probably deserved every bit of it because you chose to have a vagina between your legs.  Remember, trump is a reality TV star and can do whatever he wants!  Hey, look at it this way, he chose you to harass, pretty cool if you ask me.  Weinstein, Ailes, Hannity, O'Reilly, Cosby are all guilty of the same!  Which of them are in jail?  Should we elect them to government as well?  Woman on the right are ok with this.  Cheers to you and your second class stance on citizenry and submissiveness!  Please don't try to argue you are offended by what trump or the other aforementioned assholes (excluding Bill Clinton as has already been found guilty) did?   Your feelings on the whole matter allowed a real predator to become president!  BRAVO!
You are a dishonest person, unless you add Bill Clinton to your list.
Its not Trump and Dumbass,  why can't you Dumbass's put out the truth .
This is the standard in our culture if your wealthy you get away with things as people try to carry favor with you by helping you out yet eventually it comes to light thankfully our society is improving slowly yet we must realize that there is more good in a group then bad like not all men are like trump all whites are not like white nationalist not all republicans support trump not all blacks sell drugs pick any stereotype or bigoted ideal however in order for this to be realized it’s not enough to say oh I find this horrible you must act it can be as simple as seeing someone being made uncomfortable an instead of ignoring it step into stop it additionally if you make a mistake own up to an then work to rectify it
Dumb
Wait... I'm confused. Wouldn't asking for massages be asking for consent? Isn't that what you're supposed to do?
Trump supporter logic: CNN is so biased that means they’re fake. \nAlso Trump Supporter Logic: Fox News is not biased at all what are you taking about.
Trump, Weinstein, Cosby, O'Reilly who is next...too bad only the people who arent linked to the Republican party get prosecuted....how could any people vote for Trump...Im afraid hes actually gonna shoot someone  on live TV just to prove he can get away with it
If Hillary had been elected Weinstein would have probably kept going. She's into WAYY darker stuff than him. And to be clear, on the scale of evil, in America's elite circles, harassing or assaulting 25 women is peanuts ... oh ... does that offend you? Good. Because there is REAL actual evil out there just carrying on, every day, meanwhile we crucify this idiot and think there are life lessons and social change to come from it. Anyone who changes how they live their lives because of this story is a blithering idiot. Sorry : )
What does the behaviour of a few men have to do with alleged systemic sexism? I wonder if these assholes will ever take on the pervasive, and actual, systemic discrimination and sexism against men under Family Law and in divorce court. Hopefully not, since the humour here leaves much to be desired, they'd probably just suck at doing it anyway like they suck at this.
How can you become millionaire like Donald.J Trump!! Read this. http://skamason.com/4MZq
Hey Seth. Did u know ur little brother seems like ur big brother? Also, apart from the hair and height, u guys are twins. U even have the same voice! Except ur brother's like the more fuckable version of u :D
Bill Clinton? Fake news
Cream database might manner tomato freedom citizen struggle.
I like Harvey Weinstein, I don't think he is a bad person.
Seth, it hurts to hear you parroting terms like male entitlement. These are precisely the kinds of labels created by neo-marxist radicals that are calculated to conjure up an identity-based group guilt and when you repeat them you seem to legitimate them. Most men that I know, including myself,  don't think the world owes them anything (the opposite of entitlement). Please, man, don't feed the identity trolls.
Weinstein fucked some and harassed many high profile A-list actresses. only powerful and successful women came out but i think there are many others who were silenced. However now I know that all the outwardly beauty and charm is only one side of the success, the other side being sexually harassed by powerful men to become successful. Comparing them with what Trump did is a diversion from the whole matter.
And when are we talking again about Louis CK?
Yep, that's America now days. Crooks and sexual predators run this country.
So easy to point the finger and in regards to male entitlement we have no entitlement in 2017 and i for one believe in equality if not specifically the toxic version of woman's lib we now see, the law society and especially the left is ready to crucify anyone with views opposed to their constantly and unimaginatively run mill of tags for each and everything they do not understand and feel threatened by and obviously this includes individuality. Seth  you are but a parrot and leave me unimpressed, not only that but because you are unable to stomach people who are  able to handle being what they are which in some cases mean masculine then that is an issue of your own.
Great call Seth, three of a kind.
Visit the channel you support your channel. thanks you
Ha! \n\nLeftists own this week's news in sexual abuse. Same old song. Ask Monica, Paula, Juanita, etc\nStrange, after Harvey news comes out, whack job leftist lawyer files a bullshit request for documents from the lying Oct. surprise scum.
Give credit to the less-powerful men who harass women with sexual comments and physical assault. Don’t save it all for the sexually predatory celebrities!  Men don’t listen to women so it’s up to men to come together and speak out. There are so many decent men but if they remain silent the disregard for the humanity of women will never stop.
Both Trump and Weinstein are two perverted birds of a feather,\nin prison with matching orange jumpsuits they'll look good together.\nHere on Earth their wealth and power will help them both get away,\nthough after life SATAN may say, It's here in HELL you two shall stay!\n\nQ: Where do Trump and Clinton's vacation location overlap?\n\n A: On Jeff Epstein's pedophile island. \n\nMaybe despite the left/right rhetoric these establishment politicians (Trump/Clinton) and their major donors (Ailes/Weinstein) aren't all that different; power hungry narcissists who get off by dominating women and those weaker than them. Pretty typical behavior for clinical narcissists. Hope that there actually is an Earth deity called SATAN to punish these wicked powerful men in HELL as they will likely escape justice here.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA GOTH TRUMP!!!
Seth Meyers and Weinstein were buddies. Cut the BS, Seth.
Looks like the southern inbred redneck pissards shat their pants in rage when they saw this video. Those misogynist monkeys are worthless, they should be put down.
Business meetings should not take place alone in a hotel room or bedroom. A red flag should be if someone wants to have a business meeting alone.
Is this were we ask Seth how many times he voted for some with last name of Clinton?
Where's Bill or Hillary?   To People watch late night comedy to formulate their political opinions, good luck in the coming civil war.
Words, actions... if you don't know the difference you should probably just kill yourself.
Oh no, we can't have a Connery-style Bond movie in the 2010s. The public won't tolerate sexism and non-consensual groping and kissing! This would be a scandal in modern times!! - Dude, you people elected Trump. Whatever you do, just don't be a hypocrite, okay?
I see a culture of systemically believing female accusers without proof.
Accusations filed in court against Trump\n\n1.1 Ivana Trump (1989)\n1.2 Jill Harth (1992)\n1.3 Summer Zervos (2007)\n2 Recording controversy and second 2016 presidential debate\n3 Public allegations in 2016 of unwanted physical contact\n3.1 Jessica Leeds (1980s)\n3.2 Kristin Anderson (1990s)\n3.3 Cathy Heller (1997)\n3.4 Temple Taggart McDowell (1997)\n3.5 Karena Virginia (1998)\n3.6 Mindy McGillivray (2003)\n3.7 Rachel Crooks (2005)\n3.8 Natasha Stoynoff (2005)\n3.9 Jessica Drake (2006)\n3.10  Ninni Laaksonen (2006)\n3.11 . Burnett's unnamed friend (2010)\n3.12 . Cassandra Searles (2013)\n4 Allegations of pageant dressing room visits\n4.1 Miss Teen USA contestants\n4.2 Bridget Sullivan (2000)\n4.3 Tasha Dixon (2001)\n4.4 Unnamed contestants (2001)\n4.5 Samantha Holvey (2006)
Sri Lankan Elephant Chasing Due To Foolish Activity. plz skip the button http://1ink.cc/WEu4
Lol goth Trump
more leftwing propaganda,so sad
Also, of course Weinstein expects to get away with it. It's not like he harassed and raped all those women last weekend. He's gotten away with for *years*. Because women are not believed and are expected to put up with this man-child whiny toddler routine. Because boys will be boys right?\n\nUgh, infuriating. At least men are starting to speak up--figures like Seth Meyers and Colbert and such that has large audiences.
Thank you.  Most people avoid this topic altogether.  This gives me a place where I can go on to another day while I fight a quiet battle against a monster.  Laughter is a big deal.
Seth is the definition of a cuck
Bravo Seth, very well said. I was so sad to see Jon Stewart retire but, for me, Seth's Closer Look segments have since filled the void Jon left behind. Seth is to Trump what Jon was to Bush, a refreshingly clear voice of logical criticism that is delivered in smart and entertaining satire.
Preach!!!!!
Name one women who claims trump raped her..  Bill Clinton on the other hand raped a little girl and got away with it by arguing that she wanted it. Who was his lawyer during the trail? Hillary the champion of womens rights. Its funny how the economy is at high and unemployment is the lowest its been in years. Good luck being 🐑🐑 cant wait to be 80 y.o and say i supported trump.
👍😎
No Clintons or Kennedys?
O,o
Meyers YOUR AN IDIOT!!
*God Emperor Trump* locker room banter joking  that when you're  popular women will  *let*  you do anything.\n\nAnyone to the left *Sexist, misogynist, sexual abuser* \n\nPerson with a brain where is your  *proof*  that he sexually assaulted anyone. \n \nThe left  He made *Jokes*  or more often they just lie.
Hate to break it to you, Seth, but you're a part of this systemic sexism. You and your peers were complacent in covering up for him and not speaking out.
I personally think, for trump, its a Power Entitlement and the masogany came along with the power trip at a younger age growing up with a silver spoon shoved up his orange orangutan Ass .... I say that cause ANYONE who disagrees with Trump is going to be attacked in a middle school kind of way .... I'd just like to see someone knock trumps ass out if he says anything to their face .... Just cause you are president doesn't give you a pass at saying what you want to anyone ....
Didnt Seth Meyers get his big break by working under Weinstain? Oh the shame of it!
It's amazing that this no talent can't stop talking about Trump and is comparing him to Weinstein Seth Meyers has had sex with Harvey Weinstein
Here we go, Leftists thinking words are equal to actions again. idiots comparing the actual sexual harassment and rape done by Weinstein, to the locker room talk done by Trump in private.
I cant stand Seth !!
The thing is if you ram that moronic idea of a culture of male entitlement down everybody's throat you will foster a bitter reaction in the medium to long run, because 99% of other men have NOTHING TO DO with this and would NEVER behave like that - or do you know anybody who would applaud Weinstein, even in private?
Well said.
best closer look ever
http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration
Apparently been a pervert creep is a big requirement to be successful in United States. That explain many things.
I need someone to talk about the Louis C.K situation
Trump has nothing to do with this subject. All you filthy people in Hollyweird are the problem.
Bill Clinton is a rapist! :)
These women perform sexual acts to get movie parts and become rich makes them whores. Any woman can say no to being paid for sex. Some just choose to be whores.
Hilary Clinton surrounds herself with secual predators, her husband is one, Anthony Weiner her best friend is in jail for jerking off to young girls and boys, Harvey Weinstein abused and raped women and he was her biggest donor, what about Jimmy Kimmel, her friend who paid off that family of the ,13 year old boy he was alone with backstage, what about pee wee Herman, another one of her friends who was caught jerking off in a porn theatre, what about all those women who Weinstein abused that stayed silent and marched with Hilary to condemn Trump for hating women the list goes on and yet you hate Trump, and no I did not vote for Trump or Hilary, can't these people join the dots, even a 2 yr old child can see that the hatred of the left wing is making America sicker
These comedians are so out of talent and creativity. They can't think of anything else than bashing Trump. Poor quality.
Clowns are clowns not journalist... this idiot is a clown mocking a journalist.
Seth Myers sucked off harvey.
Word is that this talking head has witnessed Harvey Weinstein showering many times. Clearly, he's upset that Harv prefers women. Poor Seth has become a woman scorned.
this show is total bullshit baiting nonsense and the guy presenting it is knowingly treasonous to america ie he set and play divides.
Wow, the attempt to associate Harvey with Trump has already begun. Harvey was as left as they come, nothing in common with Trump whatsoever, more like the rest of the entertainment business then anyone else, YET somehow now we see his picture in the same shot with Trumps. This is classic denial, misdirection, and blame shifting. Total propaganda piece right here.
Are you serious?? The President DID NOT RAPE ANYONE. PLUS YOU IDIOT HE SENT A TON OF STUFF OVER THERE BEFORE IT HIT SO THEY WERE AHEAD. WAKE UP. HE HAS DONE MORE IN THIS SHORT TERM THEM OBAMA DID THE WHOLE DAM TIME. WAKE UP YOU IDIOT. YOU SHOULD BE FIRED FOR NOT TELLING THE TRUTH.
Seth Meyers is not funny, but is irritating. Just another liberal mouth piece. He got his job because he knows how to kiss ass.
Seth is a fucking cuck. Men do what men do. Women do what women do. Life is about sex, money, power, competition, and conflict. You will never end it. Fucking deal with it. World isn’t perfect, won’t ever be, stop pretending like there’s a problem. It’s nature
The very fact trump is in the white house is proof of systemic sexism.
oh sure tie trump to this scumbag wienstien. what a load of crap. Seth is just a typical liberal lying peace of ecrement. So damn sick of this incessant dribble from all the Hollywood and media scum. No wonder people are sick of this crap. 2018 is going to be rough on the democratics if this crap continues. I have to go puke now.
seth meyers, stfu! us tire from all the DJT. SHIFT THE TALK!
Fucken liberals never taking blame even the liberal Hollywood pig is Donald Trumps fault. You forgot to mention Bill Clintons bj in the oval office. Your show sucks
Thanks Seth!
To clarify, just because you can find an image on Google doesn't mean it's legal. This law is very loosly enforced but still is a law.
I didnt even know that
Insightful video. Folks, I wonder who holds the copyright to be the first black US president.
so your saying that all news sites in france are illeagaly usingbackgrounds with those buildings???
I've seen pictures of it at night
That makes sense but is also the dumbest thing I've ever heard. I don't know how to feel about this.
Eh... sounds almost like a loophole.  They should define those laws more.
Oh shit don't go through my photos then.
Why have 50% of these commenters not watched the video
Anyone else read the entire thing at 0:39 ?
2:00 Maybe this should’ve been titled: *“Why it is illegal to profit off footage of the Eiffel Tower at night.”*. With a disclaimer that some photos are pixelated out because *this video is a commercial work. 2:20*?
This is the stupidest fucking thing I have ever heard.
What a nonsense law.
Answer of the video\n\n\n\nCUZ ITS ILLEGAL IDIOTS
These bitchs be tripping like really who tf gives about lights. Ill go to that city and record everything and post it
You got me fucked up if you think im following any french law. What are they gonna do? Surrender?
Anyone searched up photos of Eiffel Tower at night after watching this video?
[immediately searches for a video of the effiel tower at night] lol
Well, I mean I don't what county you live in so I'm going to assume not France. If you did show the pics, they can't do anything right? It's still illegal but they can't get to you. I've never heard about this but it's interesting.
calvin haris's new music video: Hard to love features the eifel tower at night
The world has gone insane.
I'm confused cause you just said it was illegal for commercial use, not personal, so why would my holiday photo land me in jail?
Personally i don't think the copyright system shouldn't exist. It's just a bit flawed.
copyright and trademark law are the reasons i got out of the music industry. that shit is made so rich have an advantage over non rich people
Good thing her blurred out Tour Montparnasse at 2:22 literally would vomit. A disgrace to paris
Is this a joke
Hitler has a photo of the eiffel  tower behind him he's such a rebel
waka flocka have video of tower at night time :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wG-8MRzMPzI
What about that movie Rush Hour 3? Half of the movie is filmed at the Eiffel Tower at night.
This dude just took all of his information from a news article i found, there are alot of script discrepancies in the video, http://metro.co.uk/2016/09/09/you-cant-take-pictures-of-the-eiffel-tower-at-night-6118230/
So what about the Giovangi comercial of Amanda seygfried showing it how she light the eifel ?
So if I go to Walmart and film there and it was built 2 years ago, I could go to jail?
What if I cut the electricity to the Eiffel Tower and then shine spotlights I own and copyrighted directly on the tower?
Can you refer me to someone other than squarespace then?
This made me look up 'Eiffel tower night' in a google image search.
well\nthere goes my plans
Your making money off this, seriously... smh
3:35 look at the face of the mermaid.
And here i was thinking all the weird left vs right shit was dumb. These niggas done copyrighted a building. Wat.
Copyrights are a bloody nuisance!
Fair Use would allow you to use footage of the Eiffel Tower at night for context AND monetize the video without compensating the copyright holder or getting permission.
Thats a shame because when I visited paris it was beautiful at night
I don´t give a fuck :v
THEY ARE JUST FUCKING LIGHTS!
what if I take a pic for my Instagram account, you know, the obnoxious I visited France IN YOUR FACE kinda post, would that be illegal? (it should)
Thanks, this was a very interesting video!
The Eiffel video looks like japanese penis in pornhub...
1:10 plus you uk left the EU so
Shut the fuck up
Why would you go to jail for a holiday photo when few minutes earlier you stated its ok for personal use. At least be consistent
but if u search up:the Eiffel Tower at Night, it shows it to u....
Photos of the Eiffel Tower at Night on Google Images\n\n\n\n'Illegal'
I found loads of videos and photos on the internet with the Eiffel tower at night.
An anti freedom law right there, fuck off france, twats
in the Netherlands you can take photo's of everything and no one gives a single f
The blurred out picture Eiffel Tower looks like a blurred out picture of a penis
That was half interesting. Thank you
It's totally free\n-10 seconds later-\nSo if you do decide to buy...
This is not true i live in paris and its legal to take photos this is bullshit
That’s stupid... You will go to jail for taking a picture................
So am I a criminal because I took photos of the Eiffel Tower at night on the Baton Mouche?
The French as always....
This law technically exist\nBut I can garantee you that France wholeheartedly doesn't give a fuck about it
copyright laws are fucking shit. i think the only thing you shouldnt be able to do with somebody else`s work is sell likenesses of it for money. and that doesnt include photos.
So if they turn off the lights we can take pictures of the Eiffel Tower at night? It’s the lights that are copyrighted. Huh.
It is illegal if you are in the EU just host the pictures form a server in an other country. Stupid laws avoided. You could also agrue some lamps are art, which in my opinion they most definitely are NOT!
This is when you learn the difference between law and law to hell with someone who puts this in the same catagory as not murdering someone or not hitting a spouce, even calling this a law is insulting and anyone who follows it or enforces it is a moron and deserves prison time. laws like this undermine any realistic moral validity of law in general and should be promptly ignored for the sake of decency, respect for Real laws (do not  murder etc which draws a fine line between trash and real laws) and most important of all, freedom and liberty.
What if on my other channel I use copyrighted material as a portion of personal video reviews, but the use is non-commercial with me not monetizing content? The views are above 150k. So far no one complained and I've had even a person steal and re-label my content under his name. I informed him, but insisted on no action. Hoped he would do the right thing, and he did provide an attribution.\n\nThe problem is that I don't always attribute corporate sources. I do attribute other youtubers whose content I borrow as well as authors of the sites I show screen grabs of. I treat outside photos and videos as public domain. Should I be worried, or does it only concern monetized content?\n\nAnother partially related question. What if a person posts copyrighted material not allowed for commercial use, but permitted for public display... what if that person also advertises his Patreon account, which technically makes money, but doesn't fall under Youtube rules. What happens then? Do they go for compensation or simply sue violators out of existence?
This is so petty!!
Well I think I have to change my wallpaper  beacuse  it a picture of Eiffel  tower in night with lights open
Laws never stopped this fag from sucking his brother's dick, and they sure as fuck wouldn't stop any reasonable person from shooting pics of whatever is out in public. \n Ree-Tar-Dehh  (in a stupid french accent)
Half as interesting all first letters are hai
Hahahahahahahaha 😂🤣 Humans are so retarded for making things like this
So demonetise the individual video and boom, education purposes. Voila, you can show the Eiffel tower at night.
DONT COPY THIS COMMENT ©
That's stupid
really?
this is stupid
lol *these nerds*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEofyytUWFs
6666th
Hà ảe you say ong please Ắnear me please !
France is retarted
this is actually retarted lol
Pussy shit
Good luck extraditing violators to France to face trial . COST EXCEEDS ENFORCEMENT
HUMAN IS DUMB FFS
00014
So stupid..
copyrights fucked the world
Welp. I'm illegal.
Ridiculous cat laws
Why copyright is bullshit
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-RLCTVTwauT0/Tq7RB52HjSI/AAAAAAAAK00/PNirBHYzXAk/s1600/eiffel_tower_night.jpg
Manipulador
W. T. F
The crash course
EU is shit
Wtf is this law
can anyone else smell bullshit?
Have you got any plans for Halloween this year? For more fun Halloween ideas, see here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUVNHh2hkGU&t=4s&list=PLQ_T2NppE0PITf7-JByJOwq3HVZRvP7P8&index=1
I'm gonna need a big pumpkin to fit\n*JENNAS BASKETBALL GAAME IS TOMOROOOOOOW*
Yeah, and we just happen to carry around light board showpieces
Halloween its coming soon
i ll have a pretty cool Halloween \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHUH ?
P R E T T Y  C O O L  H U H
You sukkk
hey what happens when u put ur magnetic slime inside a balloon will it be magnetic
Today is my birthday can i please get many subcribers on my channnel and likes  too,....
Omg so osm
That was a Gallium knife
This is great, I really want to make one😄👍
Pretty Awsome! Keep up the great content! Like it all.
here's a message: Send Nudes
I love Halloween and it is not that spooky
Nice Pumpkin DAVE. What do you think about my Pumpkin with WHITE Teeth?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g76SyhAvr8I PLEASE CHECK :)
I just joined the Notification Squad!
SIR DONT SET OFF THAT NUKE! Pretty co- BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
now that the fidget spinner trend died, you dont get any views.
Police :So you killed an innocent person \nDave hax : pretty cool huh
Dave, I think you should change your actual profile image for this one (this pumpkim)
Creative!!
Pretty cool huh....?
I subscribed
Pretty cool? Huh?
I love it thankyou
*P R E T T Y  C O O L  H U H?*
The text reminds me of overwatch.
Wheeeey I have that same message board imma do this
I can't vote so I'm not going to carve a pumpkin this year because I don't celebrate Halloween
So you’re telling me I can write “succ my ass” on a pumpkin??? Hell yeah
I don’t have time for this I’ll just go buy one
I LOVE how he plays happy music. When I watch these kinds of videos, they usually play like songs that sounds sad and when I watch his videos I always love it
Dave once again amazing content! You never disappoint me! ❤️ ❤️
Can you do a Halloween life hax  video? :)
and do go steady!
Mom is spelled with a O not U learn how to spell
Love it!! Check me very fast bass player https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfjY1UtIWmDN4sDXtpt2hIg?sub_confirmation=1
follow my instagram toocold_topassby to become more handsome, \n\n\n\n\ndont if u dont want to
Hello im new too the channel
I wonder if you could buy the lightboard letters without already owning a lightboard. Does anyone know?
the audio is strange...
Omg so cool I'll definitely do this!!
Instructions unclear. Got my pen!s stuck in a pumpkin.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nP R E T T Y    C O O L    H U H ?
What’s wrong with this narration, jesus it’s hard to listen to, like an emotionless psychopath.
This guy's a pro
Looks like the ad you had is Halloween lol 😂
I'm a muslim I can't do halowwen
Pretty cool huh ?
http://foxy.cat/bye.php
Pretty cool huhhhhh
In where i live we don't have such thing as halloween :( but we have something similar, it's one day/week usually in..hm..it doesn't have a specific date actually, and we dress as whatever we want and go to parties :)
I like the  video
I love halloween
*Video İndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?lbR0zgK3bfTiz8UKASIA1U30dO=47diHfbt5iha
Thanks...Dave.
Pretty Scary Huh?
Cool :)
Cool
Trick
Subscribe and liked
Never trust edited comments!
AMAAAZZINGG
Very nice video
https://youtu.be/243KgIV7-9w
Dave 5-Minute Crafts copied your Popsicle umbrella hack.
https://goo.gl/pGsSTS Video Indirme Linki
#35 On TRENDING!\nCongrats, Dave!
Happy Halloween everyone, including Davehax :)
very nice vdeo!!!!!!
Pretty cool huh
Yes...pretty cool, Dave.
Dat face looks so stupid
So awesome! https://youtu.be/1xtVFP_HoGs
Good idea.
So cool !
This has the be the worst Channel on YouTube a grown ass man doing shitty tutorials.
*P R E T T Y C O O L H U H*
Your pumpkin need this can be remote control 16 kinds of color LED lights to decorate https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N5MEVB1?th=1
Supremely practical recipe's for winners looking to lose Wight http://bit.ly/2ykskXe
Yes I do have a plan! Use this
Cool viddo dave
Congrats on being on trending
Stop saying pretty cool huh
Excellent! .. sharing sharing!
subscribed
Really cool! 😂❤
Pretty Cool HUH!
Hello Dave I hope you love this comment
thanks for watchin
Davehax? Can You Make Pumpkin Slime
You are really talented you no that!!!! I think you are really talented!!!
Mmmmm save all fecking about buy one  can use every year  shore theres one about some place a
dafuq how is this on trending?
Forgot to add galium LUL\n(I know its old)
Mine will read, Trump 2020
not many wanna carve i see in the pole...
God bless u man , stay humble , I'm subbing ;)
Why would you trade the legendary for the blue??????
I’m french and i like your videos !😉 i subscribe !
You are doing good videos keep up the good work
damn u guys are one hell of a doubles team
Don’t stop now let’s get to 1M veiws
Why did he trade his gold sniper for a blue?
I hate your intel cuz I a,ways have my headphones up too much
What the flip was that last guy... JEFFF NOOOO!!!!!!
Amazing GG ! You do a castle and i don't know how to shoot correctly lol
Awesome Vid :), check some of mine out !
If you sub and turn on notifications I will do the same to you
i love your vids but i dont like the intro im so torn!
Liked cause you dont ask for it
500 likes = goal ,right now he has 36k likes 😂👌
so this is how you play fornite hmmm
I just subbed and rly enjoy the vids
can you stop with the cringey intro? if you have to say rhinocrunch then ye, thats understandable seeing as though your youtube is RhinoCrunch but please dont say it like its a war cry
I actually really enjoyed this video I’m giving you a big fat thumbs and a sub..
sick video loved it, thanks\ni think pc game its much easy to play than console.
Are you s religious figure??
U guys think he’s gonna hit 500 likes soon?
If I was playing I would have shot the floors at the beginning of the ground an you woulda been dead. Only like 5 wide
I'm going in, let's go baby! ... I'm down..
Great vid keep up the good work
who is he playing with. can you send me a link to their channel thanks
Wasn't sure if I wanted to sub but the end confirmed it
Can someone please tell me how to increase my scope sensitivity when sniping i try to do it in settings and it does nothing
You kept on lying about ur kills and your ammo on the launcher
Been watching for 1 week you earned my sub. 😉
Hn Jesus ain’t real
500 likes😂😂😂🤦‍♂️
I love youre friends voice😂
500 likes hahahahahaha
God is good
The same to u
You sir, are a master builder
Is there an automatic way to take every ammo without clicking on them?
at some point i thought you build a death star lol
You sound so much like Tina from Bob's burgers😂😂
that was so fun to see. love it <3
This guy is annoying because he can have so much more loot but leaves it. Annoying
Is he playing this game on a console (if yes which one?) or PC?
500 likes are not 35K likes, u guys are awesome
THIS is how this game is meant to be played. Amazing!
Keep doing what your doing you guys are awesome have a good day
That was Leonardo Davici shit right there
If the timer on the storm was slower to enjoy more intricate gun play I'd still be playing but I'ma hop back on world of tanks
honestly, it doesnt help your content very much to drop keys in every video, it brings around a bad crowd that isnt here for your content, but your keys. id say stop doing the keys for a good while, and see who actually stays, thats a good way to have a real community and audience. like me, i really enjoy your content, but the talk about keys in every video, makes you sound desperate. which is fine, its youtube, but it really would attract a better crowd if you didnt try to drop so many keys.
Can they not just break the bottom of the Base? ??
Love watch your videos keep up the content
Battle royale turned into a church service
When u swap a blue for a orange
Just started my channel roast me and tell me how I could do better
He traded his legendary sniper for a common
Keep speaking the only truth! You’re a world changer man! Subscribed >>>
I LOVE FORTNITE AND YOU R THE BEST FORRNITE PLAYER EVER(btw you r in the video of best youtubers to watch go check it out)
This man skipped on thr green hammer burst what
God love you too man . You blessed!!
That's the craziest shit I have ever seen!
You have a little over 500likes (sarcasm) I liked the vid btw
they will fall downl if the enemy destroy the wall right?
Do you receive fall damage with those boost pads
This took a weird Jesus turn lol
He has 640k subs. And he’s asking for “500 likes”.
I just realized this whole time I wasent subscribed what is wrong with me lol
Asked for 500 likes and got 32k
Don’t worry 😉 you get 34k likes
*once again America giving the world another FANTASTIC game! When does it end!* 😥😥😥
lets get 500 likes  he says O__O
ALOT MORE THAN 500 LIKES
This is lit
This was sexy
Change your intro😖😣
💖
Nice vid man
His Intro is cringw
lmfao ur guys are soo good
# Rhino always leaves behind something
Wtf has *fortnite* become
Asks for 500 get 35000
I love how he says rhino crunch
Love your videos!
The intros always make me cringe.
Sick building man.
ya 500 likes
Got a sub
Asks for 500 likes gets 35 k lmao
Asks for 500 likes...\nGets 34k likes.
Dude this was great
34K likes 👌🏻
Wished my yt grewed like yours 😢😢😪😪😪😪😪😩😩
🔥Glory to God
500 likes wtf
Lol 500 likes
Y'all fucking bad asssss
Dope
Talks about god, completely disregards psalms 11:5
Maaaan, i love watching yours and DKs videos. Favorite streamers for fortnite forsure. Yall kick ass👏
HOLY I SUBBED BECAUSE HE SPEAKS TRUTH!!! This is the first Christian gamer youtuber I’ve seen God bless you bro
I'm stoked for this fight.. GSP nut hugger over here:)
it was so funny to hear gsp swear
Gsp on Rogan podcast. “When someone say they’re not afraid they already lose you know,  im more afraid of the guy who says I am scared but I will fight”
Don't you just love it when you hear an angry lost man like Bisping screaming and preaching to others: lil' bit self-control
Michael Bisping cries as he strikes you.
Georges “ drago “st pierre. “ i will breaaak you”
GSP is going to straighten Bisping's crooked eye with his jab.
GSP is arguably the greatest athlete to have ever entered the octagon, but he doesn't have head for it, physically, his face breaks up very easily,  and I think his brain is going to be affected.
Every time it’s 100% touching George first. Fk outta here Mike.
GSP is going to crack Bisping so hard, that he’ll fix his fucked up eye!
I will bgrreak you man!!
I love GSP i support him forever, He is a nice guy... Bisping is a garbage
Bisping needs to feel animosity, I get it
All Bisping is doing is attempting to increase those PPV buys, and you fucks are taking the bait. He has always played the villain. Now people will pay for a chance to see him get beat up. \n\nGod knows this is the only way to sell a GSP fight anyway.
Fuck you Bisping don't fuck gsp, nov4 you will get knock out!
That kid got scared and ran away lmaoo
I'm British and I fucking hate bisping
Pissing off GSP is never a good idea....ever.
Bisbing who ...omg 1 year of success...bout damn time.....GSP has a long history of fighting great fights who were in there prime bisbing got lucky he even won the belt
Don’t like either of them. This is fake.
GSP: I will touch you! I will Break you! lol
Bisbing trying hard to see a fight.
Bisring lol what a fool.look at the state of him...
Fuck hem..he is a bully!!! Not a fighter..all this fightdrs are bad for the sport..!!!!diaz is a bully..cooner is a acktor!!!tony is a gangsta not a fighter!!no respekt no humble no sport..this are All punks!!!
Poor gsp...he felt bad cussing in front of the kid you could tell. I'm a bisping fan but hes takin it a bit far
It broke my heart when that kid ran away when GSP offered to take a picture.
gsp looks like hes gonna kill him with a knife if he touches him lol
i hope gsp shuts up bisping. dudes the only one trying to start anything between them for ppv buys. wolf tickets
you Go GSP!\nbisping is a coward and loser😁😂😃😄\ntotally fake and doesnt know how to fight what a loser bro
They’re trying their best too hype this fight lol
Great example for the kids. Where's the sportmanship gone. Oh yeah it will miracously reappear when the fight is over. They have milked the chumps for their money time to be friends now
Best not to get gsp pissed off
Gsp saying fuck off is actually badass hahah I wish gsp cusses more. Now I really want tos we the fight after this video😝
The kid was like i don't want a picture anymore your crazy maaan🏃🏻
I hope GSP fucks up Bisping's other eye so he'll look normal.
Yup Bisping is getting knocked out. After GSP wins he should say I'm not impressed with your performance.
Bisping loves being the dick, but if you have half a brain you can see he is trying to get georges riled up because he isnt as aggressive as most opponents so its all mental game plan, bisping has said many times he respects the guy so all this is an attempt at breaking him down before the fight
Bisping is the one that needs to control himself.
This needs to be retitled to Bisping vs GSP. Dudes earned the A side here
I see only one idiot with no respect and it isn't gsp. Knock this clown out for good please
that poor little id ran away because both cant control themselves in public :( Not really great is it for a role model and fighter to leave that impression on a 7 year old fan .. hope its a double KO
Lmao @ the lil kid running away from George at the end
Did u see the kid run!!! lol
bisping is fucking embarrassing. you've fucking run from the top contenders at middleweight. you only fought Silva et al. when they where past it.
Bisping: Control yourself you little etc.\n\nMichaels making himself look bad. Maybe it's his one eye, but can he not see that he's the one that needs controlling?
pisping is a real piece of shit and worst shit talker.
Bisping is so triggered when he talks so much shit.
Bisbing. Being Such a dick. Save all the bs for the cage. How bitter sweet and poetic Justice will it be when GSP kicks your English ass.
Before everyone gets their panties in a twist, Bisping is just hyping the fight for fuck sake. He's making it seem as though he has some beef with George, when in reality he probably likes and definitely respects him a great deal. But the fact is he's fighting him, and the more interest he can stir up for the fight the more money he makes as champ with a ppv percentage..
The kid running away is not only hilarious but makes a statement about how kids know things we forgot. He wants nothing to do with people that act like that. Hyping the fight, people keep saying. That's just someone being a turd of a person, repeatedly.
Where’s the casual fans thinking that Bisping is copying McGregor??
There just trying to hype the fight
Bisping is full of shit he goes on about GSP touching him. Moron you touched him first
Fuck off.... I will break you!!!!
Bisping is the one touching george first! He's a fucking antagonising prick! I think everybody would react the same by pushing Bisping away after being touched, Practice what you preach Mr Bisping.
The name Michael Bisping will always be remembered as the British scumbag that represented himself, his country and his family like a disgusting disgraceful piece of shit. Pure dog shit. His kids are gonna turn out to be pieces of dog shit just like their scum father.
Damn gotta give it to bisping hes selling this fight but anyways hope gsp wins hes the original ppv king without all the talking anyways so this should be quite lucrative
i sincerely think he is afraid, those reactions...dont touch me dont touch me! trowing punches and shit.. this is real bully stuff.\nAwkward and cringy moment with the child at the end of the video by the way, soooo many embarrasing moments from this guy, @TMZSports how about a video? cheeeeers
What a fake world has become ufc
Everyone should love George. Great example Of choosing to be a great human being by never sinking down to another person’s level, Treat those with dignity even if they’re ignorant enough to not treat you with dignity.
Come on people, Bisping is hyping the fight! He’s generating interest by doing these antics.
😱 gsp says curses! I love the new gsp!
Gsp is a no good cheating dog, i hope Bisping breaks his whole face.
GSP IS GUNNA CRUSH BITCHPING
Micheal The Cyclops Bisping
Bisping needs some serious help.
Bisping's nickname should be Dead-Eye!
Michael bisping vs gsp awesome fight
I WILL BRÈQUE YOU.
Fack Aff man I will bghreak you 😂
Bisping stfu your shit you ugly cunt
Gsp swearing is fkn awesome, seeing him trash talking seriously, is actually bad ass
McNugget And Mayweather kinda killed promoting fights....
i hope michael wins
Fake
Pathetic.
bisping is a flog
Suck each other off already
HEYYYY FUCK AFFFF MAN ! XD
I Must Break You - GSP
fakk off man
Such class
Yo GSP cussing is the funniest shit ever
Don't touch me maaan
GSP is a legend
GSP's easiest first!
BISPING YOU BITCH YOU
Gsp reminds me of karate kid
Yea fuck off man.
show.but its ok
Gsp scared the hell outta... A kid... Lmao
GSP cussing makes me keep grinning
Delusional bisping.
Lambs eye
bisping is fucking cringe
Yah fuck awf man
Fuck off!!!
Ay fack off man !
All Bispings doing is getting under GSPs skin. He does it so easily, why is GSP biting so hard
Gsp is gonna smash bisping..
She’s a legend 👌🏾
I saw her in the Seattle mall before she became famous and I asked my mom to stop and let us listen to her because I thought she was amazing... My mom said how she wasn't famous and that we were leaving... I said, you watch... One day she will be because of how amazing she is, and here we are today... Look how far she came! I saw talent in her from day one!!!
Jimmy doesn't even remember her name of her daughter. Yikes buddy yikes
She looks like Firestarter \nDrew Barrymore?\n*Time for a re-make. Great Movie, doubt it'd be as great as the original.\nPink, your daughter is a cutie pie!
Someone clone pink for me. What an amazing lady.
I love her so much! !
HOW OLD IS THE MEATBALL.
where did the egg come from ?
she's so great
Her and Em are dope. That new track is fire!
Jimmy looks like he is really a fan <3
I can’t stand his fake ass laugh
love you pink you are so amazingly talented keep doing you
Pink is hot stunning woman talented singer songwriter actress and dancer alot of people would want to work with her
Why do her mannerisms remind me of Melissa McCarthy?
Where else can I say this...\n\nI love pink!!!!!!
P!NK is soooo cute! She's probably the coolest down to earth mom. Been a fan since Most Girls. She still has the same personality.
Yup just bought a ticket. She is coming to Australia.
Freaking LOVE HER! 😎👍
The one song I HATE (and deleted) is the next single. 😣
Jimmy you have 2 more year as the host... You're starting to feel fake, like super cringe!
How can you cry on such shitty music she is just like crap
Her son isn't the only one crying when he hears her awful songs.
I don't know about anybody else but She is still beautiful. And still married to the man who did the first backflip on a a dirt bike!!!😀
I LOVE HEERERR SO MUCH!!!
Pink+Eminem
This is some normie shit.
Go 'head, Big Sis. I just love P!nk. I love her personality and her will to not give in to trends.
Their pictures with them all bending the gender lines to push the filthy marxist luciferian hollywood agenda of post-genderism and ambiguity is digusting.
Love her!! This album is underwhelming but she is amazing!!
I like their song together on Recovery. I would have been shocked if Eminem said no to her after she’s been on one of his tracks.
Does she love Eminem after threatening to drop all his fans if they don’t drop Trump.  Thug...
Maybe coz her music has lost its edge? Just kidding but I really do miss the early 2000s
Jimmy is so sweet!!!
Such a nice Person :)
pinks awesome. Jesus this guy is cringe to watch tho. So fake with his laughter. Are all american talk show hosts this bad?
Jimmy tries too hard to relate with his laughs and comments. Lots of guests just seem to smile and put up with him.
So, I've emailed Marshal...\nThats a different level xD
Гуф Умер!
i have't seen a Pink Eminem... nah!
Pink suit to the VMAs is literally LIFE!!!
I LOVE YOU, P!NK\nPlease perform in Super Bowl Halftime
I'd like to see Pink's bean.  I'd also love to play with her bean.
oh  so sweet !
Jimmy loves everything lol
Don't you mean she cries when he sings?
She's so great, god, I thank the universe for people like her.
I love to hear her lagth, I think I would tickle her for a long time just to hear it.
I also cryied when my mum sang to me when I was a baby
when will eminenm guest in the tonight show?
 we work with the same people like Rihanna, i know that she is way hotter than me , but i'm funnier LOL i' ve loved her
mayb he cries because mammy has an angry face alot when she sings
Ughhhhh STFU and let her speak
Pals rate Anyone  identify bigger  this case? laxghing
Fire Starter,.....lol, priceless,....and actually, she does, lol, and that lip synch part, ha, amazeball's!!  Love her, and her new album is amazing :D
I cry whenever she sings
Love it!! Check me very fast bass player https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfjY1UtIWmDN4sDXtpt2hIg?sub_confirmation=1
The part where she talks about Revenge and how she was drinking wine and wanted a Rap Grammy and asked Eminem and whatnot-- she gave that interview on the radio here in New York VERBATIM like to the point I was just wondering if they edited out Jimmy and put in Elvis Duran's voice like every little joke she made and EVERYTHING. Until Jimmy interrupted her joking along about the email it was EXACT. Like, I get that they have to tell the same stories over and over and shit when they're doing promo for an album and especially for one specific single BUT usually their answers are slightly different seeing as they're talking to someone different etc... this literally like was weird and made me feel like she's a robot HAHA. Seriously google the interview if it's up and you'll see... so weird. Ver-bay-Tum. Lol\n\n  Incidentally, Revenge is my favorite song rn like I LOVE it hahahaha it's just different and cool and funny. Also I love Eminem so there's that. Two thumbs up. (That song, plus the interview, actually made me DL the entire album and so far I've listened to like half of it and it's great, I highly recommend it).
If you sub to me I will sub to you
I cry when she sings too and at my age I'm nearly deaf.
Time is a heartless bitch to me,,but Missy Pink is holding up really well.   Funny stuff.   Meatball and Firestarter,,Ha!,,,  Kids have a bright future,  so long as their mom has a good heart, which she does.   Good luck Mom!
who cares? this bitch is ugly
P!NK has been around forever, yet I notice she's only recently been really famous, I don't get it.
what a brave transgender pink is. and what an Adonis belt!
Too bad cant afford to see her live
March 1st is my birthday!!!!!!! I will be 18!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU PINK
He cry’s because he hates her voice.
Pink is cool. M&M is a douche-bag.
Me too, she's not very good
I see Eminem in the description I click.
P!NK went to school with my mom in highschool
Pink is ugly,  and her music is bad, and shes stupid.
Shes so genuine and beautiful..good on you ms lady!
have u guys thought of P!nk doing the Superbowl Halftime show?
She’s fucking awesome! \nCan’t wait to see you in New Zealand
why at 0.28 does he always do that fake laugh?
Pink: Hi\nJimmy: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Who is Pink
https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://m.facebook.com/Asafurniture-439088423141770/&ved=0ahUKEwi0iPfGn_DWAhVGBBoKHX4iBeoQFggfMAA&usg=AOvVaw3BNJXhHK6lc0vBtS2Rvk8p
https://goo.gl/pGsSTS Video Indirme Linki
Love
Pink stinks
yo pink is qeer! JUGALO FOR LIFE!
Stink
She has balls too.
I think Jimmy has a little crush on Pink and who could blame him!!!   xox great interview
She's an amazing woman!
#get rid of jimmy fallon because he's not funny
Pink should do next super bowl halftime, cuz she's is awesome!!!
I would be honoured to have anal sex with PINK.
My *Meatball* I was like AWWWWWWWWWWWWW and i cried\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThen I saw the girl singing and I screamed *SHE SO DAMN CUTE*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRihanna is so much hotter than me but I'm *funnier*
She is lovely.
She is so cool...
pink is not her real  name but she is good i love  her
I want her to be my Mommy. :D
I love pink
Love me some P!nk. ❤ #Awesome
YOU'RE fat ! He cries because you're a bad celebrity.
If she didn't look so damn stupid we might actually pay attention to her voice.
i think she has jinn
I really like your videos !  But you scream a lot which is disturbing 😕😕😥😥😥
Bloody hell. This is some good content.
“Look how small his gifts are” I DIED
' I got good skin but I literally just put on water '
i think your skin really got better! i will spam my skin care products too yea, i think it would really work
Dina redefines “Extra” for the rest of us mortals.
Put a lid on that...sell it on ebay 😂
I love you sooooooooo much
I absolutely loved this video! May Allah protect you always Ameen! Love you guys x
This is amazing!!! You guys are extremely hilarious 😂😂😂😂
I don't know what happened between the last vlog I watched and now, but this is hilarious XD
I'm a boy and I'm watching this lol why?
We need more fun vlogs like this....enjoyed that!😂👌
never thought a skincare video could be funny but trust sid and Dina to make one thats hilarious
LMAOO you two are the best!
I would love to see part two you an amazing and incredible vlogger ❤️😍😁 Dina ❤️
Dina is the kind of entertaining chick i desperately need in my surrounding
I LOVE THIS VIDEO SO MUCH!! such a great pick me up after a bad week
I love your dictionary lol
Just use water. \nI've never had a spot since pre teens and all I ever did was wash my hands then rub my face with warm water. No mark what so ever on my face.
I don’t think I’ve laughed this hard like this at your video in a while. I’m it’s always so funny with you two 😭😭😭 you guys are honestly goals.. MashAllah you’re like two big kidsss✨🙏🏽❤️
'Sid, we're muslims, stop' 'Muslims dont have sex' 😂😂😂
Hi Dina. I watch your channel since the beginning. I have converted to Islam and your videos has helped me a lot since I didn't know any Muslims. I used to like you because you were humble and I used to see a good Muslim in you. However since you started mainly doing videos with Sid I find you very cynical, swearing and being rude most of the times. I don't think you are a good example for a good muslim/person anymore. I have actually unsubscribed from your channel and I just wanted to let you know, how one of your ex followers feels about your recent content. Please be more humble and don't swear as much. This behaviour is not nice at all. I know many non-muslims that are actually more humbled and charitable and generally nicer people. We as Muslims should be from the best people out there. And you don't seem like a nice person at all recently.
How to get to get flawless skin? = Genetics
This video is a mess lol
You should do more videos like this guys this was hilarious
'You look like a fat Egyptian guy' 😂😂😂😂
Watching the video with that mask on my face 😂😂
I'm cringing so much. You just wasted so many products and i hope your skin was ok after this - too many products at once 😖😖😖
Omggg this is literally the most hilarious video i have watched in a while!! Please do a part 2, i love this whole concept XD
Hahahahahaha this video is so funny 😁
When Dina was wearing the bubble clay mask, she looked like squidward from sponge bob 😂😂
*started watching skincare video* also *starts doing my own* 😂😂😂 #influence
Omg lmao. This is why I love Dina & Sid. They are bloody hilarious! 😭😭😂😂😂😂 the mini horror movie scenes though😂😂😂😂😭
This video is so funny omg 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Muslims don't have sex😂 I died 😂😂😂😂
Dina you're super cool and I admire you.
Hahahaha been watching Dina for years and never commented but this is genuinely my favourite ever vlog. Hilarious. Inspired. Real. Bottom of my heart thank you for sharing this.
This is funny and entire video was entertaining.
Best line ever Sid we're Muslim... stop haha fuckin dead
PART 2!!!! This was hilarious 😂
Hands down one of the funniest videos you've done 😂. You guys are hilarious!
Never laughed so hard at a dina tokio video before
Hi I love ❤️ you so much you are so pretty hope to see some pranks soon
Omg! This was hilarious 😂 love you two ❤️
you too are soon cool :)
Make a look book with maxi(s) or pakistani clothes.
Legit one of my favorite videos on the internet now because of you 2 being bloody idiots. Love your channel.
The fuck is wrong with this two 🤣🤣🤣
who's that cute little bitch?!
i need a part 2!!!! love u 2
This is funniest video ever! 😂😂
Can anyone in here explain me what :   I like ur dictionary  !  means ?
Haha 😆 What an easy skincare routine 💯 👍🏽 Can’t wait to try at home 😂
you look like a fat egyptian guy 😂😂😂😂😂
This was a fabulous video make a part 2 Dina...sidddd is funniest🤣
Laughed throughout watching this video! You’re both so funny 😂😂😂
Dina, could you please test out the derma roller? Much love x
Dina: You want to use it? so we don't waste it. around your eyes? it's really good. you reeeaaaallly need it.\nI fell off :)
I hope my husband and I have the same bond in the future ❤️😫
Muslims don’t talk sex 😂😂
I love you two, you're too damn funny! Yes please to part two!!!
Hey Dina, Your French mask tilted me to say shall France ban beauty masks, in public places? Haha :) Nice vidéo :)
PART 2
❤️😂
MORE SKINCARE 😂😂
Dina say wallahy\nSid obviously not \nLOOOOL!
you two...lmao
You alright homegirl? Ya need help?
This was sooo funny
hahahahaaa...that mask oh my hat!!!
3.50
DINASSS ON TRENDINGGGG 🎉🎉🎉🎉
5:18 !
Actually feel it ya tit 😂😂😂
part 2 part 2 part 2
Dina used about 20 towels 😂😂😂
I LOVE THIS
Your both crazy #loveit
😂😂😂 love this
Sri Lankan Elephant Chasing Due To Foolish Activity. plz skip the button http://1ink.cc/WEu4
😂😂😂😂😂
Part twoooooo
Loved it Dina!
DO IT AGAIN PLEASEE
Trendinggggg
sid: The eyebags are gone.\nDina: Say Wallahi.\nSid: Obviously NOT.\npfftttt haaahahahah
Someone's high lol 😂
biryani 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😄😄😄😄😄😄
Actually that carbonated clay mask contains pig collagen
Fun couples 😉😉 love you guys #AfshinKaVlogs
The haloween part was the funniest😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Skin cancer yet?
I love this!!!!! 😂😂
Idk why he always points out things he doesn't need to. Usually mean things. Looks wise, he's quite ugly and she's beautiful. But I thought he's clearly a nice guy and that's all that matters. But in every video I've watched he'll say you look shit or something similarly rude or stupid. Almost as if now he's got her he doesn't need to always be polite. I know she's not offended by what he says and it's no big deal, it's their banter. Most men forget to show their appreciation to their partner.
You DIRTY fucking Muslim. Your horrible, bastardised English accent makes my ears bleed and on top of that, your whole fucking channel is cancer. Honestly, CANCER. I would like to watch you get fucking glutted with cement. You know the only reason you're as big as you assuredly are is because you wear a rag on your head.
Makes me sad to see so many sisters wasting so much money and products DINA HELP OUR UMMAH that's why ALLAH gave you a platform in the first place shame on you ....
Ur voice is soo loud deep and annoying! Bursted my ear drums!!!
FACT: Islam is NOT a religion.\nFACT: Islam is a Godless, apostate murdering death cult, DISGUISED as a religion.\nFACT: Muhammad was a FALSE Prophet and Allah is a pagan moon god!\nFACT: Jews and Christians DENY that Muhammad was an Abrahamic Prophet of God!\nFACT: The koran is a forgery.  It was copied from the Holy Bible.\nFACT: Here are three credible sources that PROVE that Islam is a Godless LIE!
As usual, I underestimated how long the podcast would take to upload, but it's already available at www.showmakers.fm, and will be on the youtube channel soon.\n\nPlease check out Brilliant too, it's a fantastic site and fits my channel perfectly: http://bit.ly/2xDcRNe
to make this world a better place...\n\n by building more and more powerful guns ? Sure...
When created, RODS FROM GOD.
Titanium is the bested way of building a railgun system 🖒with add steel.Just did the maths it would have to be 2 and a half   mile's for satellite launch and a mix of jamjet would help and rockets for space 🖒
Seriously, at the end of every sentence you make a baby face sound. Fucking annoying
That ship has the 155mm NLOS cannons, since $400,000 rounds, that destroy the rail gun quickly, will never be a good idea.
Sending rail guns into space? Hmm is it me or is our Universe becoming more and more like halo.
america is not a superpower anymore, your time is over...
Love the videos. Can you please make one on the efficiency of solar panels?
Big fan of your channel, was just wondering if you could do a video on the offshore floating wind farm that's being built in Scotland
Should work great in orbit with a small nuclear reactor as the power source.  Subzero temps, low level of O2 defensive means to ICBM’s and space junk.
Is it possible to convert heat into electricity?
It's already in service on a naval ship.
Portable railgun, https://youtu.be/FILJznSr6fs
The book “Ghost Fleet” features the Zumwalt class with a rail gun in a future war against China. Fiction but based on actual technology and politics.
Sellout Mr. Theeta?
https://goo.gl/rM7CTt
Nice one - what you built here is just great
I'm a simple man; I see railgun, I hit like.
might as well just further improve long range laser beam thing thingy turret thing
Ey mate I like that you introduce all this cool science stuff and even give US a Chance to try it out. Almost majes me feel Bad that im such SMA dumbo
Do a video on the BFR SpaceX
soon: solar powered renewable warfare
Narrated by Tom Branson.
the LaWS is wayyyy coooler
BAE Systems 😩👌
Fuck this
Dilbert would be proud
Neat
Does not seem like rail guns are the solution to much of anything. Rail guns require an impressive power source, whereas chemicals are so much more simpler. In fact the good solution seems to be liquid propellant. Also you get such diminishing returns in high velocity because air resistance goes up so fast relative to velocity.
why do u need this when i could just flick a coin up and make a finger gun
This gun is the armor killer
This technology was already used in Final Fantasy 8. Esthar  scientists shot Squall and Rinoa into space to Lunar Station.
Your voice reminds me of someone from FNV: Honest Hearts, Follows-Chalk I think
cowardice america needs desperate hype advertising-we need minimum of 50 allies or no war =cowards and hype to cloak lackey truth
us ships will crash into each other as always...not a prob\n\nor on island\n\nor on pelicans\n\non basically everything
REGION LOCK THIS FOR KOREA!!!!
Is It just a metal stick or does It have any gunpowder in It?
One EMP blast and its useless
The second biggest boondoggle after the F-35\nLiterally the heat is melting the rails...limiting the rail gun to a few shots before it breaks...LOL
Isn't easier to make stronger bullts
Real talk for a sec, without even watching the video i can tell its bullshit because the actual most powerful gun is secret.
Late to the party. China has bigger better faster guns then US. Which explains why American just floated around SE chinasea and now just talk w NK. Lol they are laughing like the rest of the world. Funny how Americans just talk and no more walk.
Going to the last part of the video (the advert)\nAh yes- something that is missing in pretty much all schools:\nIf you made a mistake- be told why it's wrong.
I want to learn more about engineering. I don’t know nearly enough.
1:13 the explosion is from an underwater nuclear test (1946)
CLICKBAIT
False: Chuck Norris is most powerful gun
who the hell needs universal healthcare anyways?
Shoot Someone with it
Yes, I understand some of these words
Forget railguns. we already have the technology to finish operation: Star Wars
I have a rail gun on gta 5
Whether you love the US or hate the US we are the best chance Ally countries have at surviving war regardless of how crappy our leadership is at the moment. I'm so glad I live in the USA! Very interesting video btw!
Make it like the mini gun roataing barrles. In masseffect there guns use two barrles to help cool the gun before it overheated. So make our rail gun like a mini gun.
Most powerful pfft my farts is the clear winner
Okay but when will we be running around in Power Armour carrying a small one of these at our waists and ripping through aliens and shit like in Halo
BAE systems is not from usa DUH
1:27 why did you use Angola as target example, that's very rude and offensive
Make a video about Gas propulsion Engine
Nice video.\nInteresting how you showed bombarding Angola during the range comparison
A railgun? Now all you need is a Metal Gear to carry it.
Effectively a rail gun is the Justice League Space Station that orbits earth. Using the Stations mega gun requires the entire stations energy, and once fired, shuts down the station of all electric power for the next hour. It only retains orbit via emergency backup generators. Wow.
*generic comment about the US military that makes me an expert
Subscribe to my channel CJ Collins
Yes..... The perfect thing to wipe out humanity from the face of the earth.
I think all guns bombs and weapons *not knifes* should be thrown away crushed and then thrown into the ocean for a long away generation to find then blow up the planet and not us :) im **copyright cannot show** and i think the government are stupid in some ways
Their most powerful weapon is not confront strong countries. Only peasants in Afghanistan and Vietnam.
The US military's most powerful gun... built and designed by the British.
5:28 We'll also need them for the covenant.
now do Germany
Lets make a mini dearh star!!
lul 666 views
Leave Angola alone!
2:45 fuck that screen
Was that a nuke 1:17
25 megawatts of power. 25 megawatts, 25 megawatts. \nOh boy Einstein....
You said the current rail only lasts a few shots, that is incorrect.  It lasts hundreds of shots but it is short of the qualitative requirement for 1000 shots.
A rail gun?? What’s next a metal gear
I'm sure it can be built in less than 50 years.
The U.S. militaries technology is at least 20 years ahead of a US regular folks technology. Of course THEY want THEM to believe this is the best THEY have.
Why, when on restricted mode, can't I view this video? It's more about math and magnetism than war, and destruction.  Come on youtube!  Keep working on these, Real Engineering! Your videos are awesome!
Similar to the MAC cannon from halo
Except there are treaties about the militarization of space, as in you can't, and railguns wouldn't be allowed most likely
So...the man-portable railgun from MGS4 is probably not practical in the slightest, then
Considering there's talk about an asteroid the size of a country has a chance to hit us, having a giant railgun in space isn't a bad idea
I used to live like 50 steps from the military base that they shot this video at dalgren naval base in Virginia
Say don’t rail guns also work in space because no explosion is necessary?
I would consider the atomic Annie to be the most powerful gun to be honest.
Can you do an episode about different was to extract oil/gas from the ground? Feel like you would like learning about it, if you don't know much already
Anyone else notice the Canadian flag at 0:51
Wouldn't the acceleration at the moment of the shot destroy a satellite that was to be sent to orbit by it?
A Certain Scientific Railgun. Always comes to my mind whenever I hear, or think of Railguns.
Imagine this going through your body *ROBLOX OOF*
Most likely wouldn’t be heard in the comment section but this is how I would solve for the rods constantly destroying itself.\n\nConductive oil/lubricant. Or even lubricant or oils.
Add 0.1th of a gram of antimatter on the tip of a round and you can practically destroy a tank or a house with one shot from a handgun.
2:25 wrong way around, the current should be flipped. Fleming left hand rule. This isnt a generator.
What about a tungsten coating or alloy to offset the thermal problem, or even using a liquid nitrogen cooling system?
Could something like this be applied to a rifle design?
Be care full not to explain it to deeply otherwise your enemy will use it against you
Melanie's yawn in the beginning was contagious. 😳
It's so funny though, without make up you look even more alike :D\nSooo cute
Hey Melanie, you're not the only one who does their eyebrows last. 😂 I always do them last.
Your reaction at 5:27 when Melanie was talking about her boyfriend hahahaha
TEAM JESSIE, ALWAYS EYEBROWS FIRST 💁🏻
I do my brows first and then clean it up with concealer... melanie you’re crazy😂
As a guy I could shower, brush my teeth, get dressed, have breakfast, and still have 5 minutes to spare before this video finished.
I can't do eyebrows or eyeshadow before foundation and stuff. I HAVE to do my base first 😂
I don't do my make up the Melanie way or Jessie Way as i am i lad who doesn't where make up i am afraid
This is EXACTLY what my tired ass needed to get up outta bed and make some coffee. Thank you Jesse and Melanie! You've allowed for one more human in this world to become fully functional (almost) ;)
Stopped listening to Melanie when Jessi was doing her brows - I was mentally cheering her on so hard, I had to go back and find out what Melanie said 😂
I do my eyes, liner and lashes first than my face than eyebrows than lips😂
I do my eyeshadow and eyebrows then base and then lips 💄
we were mixing guys that is so me hahaha, do you ever have that moment of uncontrollable laughter when you're hungover?
I do it slightly more like Mel. I do foundation, concealer etc, then brows, then eyes, and then finally mouth.
i do my makeup literally exactly the same as melanie hahaha
Haha for the first 10 seconds I thought they were speaking another language
I definitely do mine Melanie's way, is that weird?
omg jessie where is your shirt from?? i love it!!!
Aw bless yas! Spit of each other but a blue eyed and a green eyed version ; ) xx
i do makeup in melanie’s order!
The order I do my makeup is- \nprimer, \nfoundation, \nconcealer, \ncream highlight, \npowder to set concealer. (My face is dry so I don't usually powder it.) \nbronzer/contour, \nblush,\nBrows,\nEye shadow,\nSetting spray\nLiner,\nMascara,\nLips. \nAm I forgetting something?
I wish I would look like youuuu
Idk why but when Melanie says i need to look less dead, i think i look very ghostly, it just made me laugh so much!!😂😂😂
When Mel talks I have to turn the sound up and when Jessie talks I have to turn it WAY back down again hahaha
haha this is such a cool video idea, loved it! 😌
You two have such lovely personalities💓
“Get off me wench” ~Melanie 2k17\nI’m using that on my sister form now on
After having a mental crisis this mornin i thought id watch your videos to help cheer me up and its done wonders. Thankyou both xxx
Always the Melanie way 💃🏼😂!! X
I do my make up in the same order as Melanie but also have been told I'm mad for doing so!!
I do my makeup the exact same order as Melanie's
Melanie, I do my makeup the same as you!! 😂😂👊🏼💜
Jackie Aina taught me to do concealer first and not blending it, doing foundation and then blending concealer last as it increases coverage when it dries a bit!
I do it like Melanie hahaha
YALL MAY THINK YOU LOOK ROUGH BUT YALL STILL LOOK WAAAY MORE SEXY THAN I DO WHEN I'M HUNGOVER WITH MY HEAD IN THE TOILET XX
Haha it's so strange to see what order others do their makeup :) I always start with eyebrows, then eyeshadow and will then finally go onto my base makeup 😂
I agree with everything Melanie's saying & doing about her makeup😹💓
Love you guys so much 💖
I do my makeup the exact same order as melanie, can't draw brows to save my life otherwise lol
I do brows 2nd! Foundation 1st and then concealer 3rd. Then blush etc., eyes and then lips
Haha cmon, there's no wrong way in which order you do your makeup :D it's completely p to you :D silly Mel! And about your question.. well, it depends. When I'm in a rush, like the very early morning when I'm trying to save every second just for longer sleep I do my brows first, and then mascara, basically the most important parts of my face so if I ran out of time I could go at leas with my eyes done or something like that. But when I have a lot of time I put all my foundation concealer etc. stuff first. It's actually better for me to do my brows after foundation etc. because I'm not afraid that I'll have to do some touch ups after or smudge perfect brows or something like that :) Damn, that's a long comment!
Melanie: like when i went to Spain to see my boyfriend...\n **Jessies face @ **5:28**** \n\nLMAO AHAH <3
Me today !!! Love you girls
I do my makeup, when I do it, the Melanie way!
I always do my eyebrows last 😂😂 the only way I can do it !
I do Melanie's way and I see I also uses most of the products she uses :)
I do mine the same as Melanie💁🏻😂❤️
I do my makeup the same way as Melanie 😂
Literally do my makeup a different every day 😂 I’m with Melanie if I have a new product I want to get it on my face asap 💚
Omg I say this on every collab, but how I WISHED I had a sister !! Ur relationship is so nice, I always wanted a sister :'( hahaha
i do my makeup in the exact same order as Melanie minus the blush because i don’t use blush haha
iLife my everyday makeup I use concealer, powder, bronzer, blush, highlight, brow gel, and mascara it takes no time because I would rather sleep before school but when I have time I put effort and I do the full sha bang
I do green concealer, foundation, regular concealer, powder, eyebrows, eyeshadow, eyeliner, mascara, blush, highlighter, then lipstick.
hahaha your intro made me yawn
Ngl I yawned too
Foundation, concealer, powder, contour, blush, highlight, eyes, eyebrows, lips, mascara
You both look amazing!
My makeup steps:\nPrimer\nFoundation\nEyeshadow \nBrows\nMascara\nContour/blush/bronze\nLips
Pray for us #HurricaneOphelia
MORE.VIDS.TOGETHER.OMG LOVE YOUS
love thisss plz do more vids like it
7:30 xD
You girls should be models😱😍❤
The order I go in is pore balm, whitening primer, cushion foundation, eyebrows, eyeshadow, eyeliner, mascara, blush, highlight, lips.
i have to do eyebrows first 😂
You guys are so beautiful on the inside and outside even when you're hungover xx
Jessie that highlight is popping!! And i always do my eyebrows first too! :)
Those pencils you use freak me out.  I would 100% stab myself in the eye every time!  I do not have steady hands. :S
Jessie B where's the dress/top that you wear in Melanie's video from?! the strIPES!!!
I do my makeup like jess brows then foundation concealed etc. I do lips or highlight last :)
I know I'm super late but I just want to say thank you for uploading today I had a really bad day anxiety wise and really needed something to make me smile this video did that for me I love you both so much ❤️
Hahaha Melanie had a big drop of bb cream on her neck the entire video 😂😂 BTW I do my makeup like Melanie 😊
I thought it said get UNready with us after a night out! That would be a funny video seeing yous drunk trying to take off your makeup haha!x
You two are the prettiest sisters 😍😍 love both of you and your videos 😗
I really want to get into makeup but I just don't know where to begin 😒
I always do my makeup the way Melanie done it. I can't function without having my base down first
Actually just started my period today for the first time in over a year (pcos) and I am miserable so I'm glad you updated today! Hope you're having a beautiful day lovely 💛💛
You should never say 'I'll only have a few drinks'! Such a bad plan, never works.  Still, they're often the best nights.
This video is hilarious :-)
MY BEAUTIFUL GIRLS 😩😩😩😍 Jessieee we haven’t talked in a CENTURY I MISS YOU 😭 Also sorry but I literally do my makeup i the EXACT order as Mel and I’m actually shook, what. As always I LOVEEE the video and I’m so happy to see y’all together again ❤️❤️ Also Mel has a longer face but, Jess, yours is wider 😂👍🏻
My makeup order is base first and then eyebrows. If I do eyebrows first then I end up accidently erasing them when I do my foundation. Haha I guess I don't have Jessie's makeup skills. You both look gorgeous by the way, both pre and post makeup.
Team Melanie on the makeup order!!! All my friends think I'm so weird!
OHHH YESS THE SISTERS ARE BACK BITCHES💗💗 love this ...I only watch your make up videos I don't do my make up but I love watching yours ...you girls pull off the hangover look well 😍🙊🙏 hope you had a mint week Jessie xx
I just want to hang out with you guys.
both of you have beautiful eyes💎
Oh I love this video you two are my favessss 🙌🏻 I did my make up whilst watching this it felt like when I do my make up w my best friends & we're all sharing products & judging each other's methods 😅 Your face when you got given that contour brush is me when I get any exam results 😂👌🏻is this a joke... is this actually a joke 😂😂🙈 It sounds like you had a great night before filming this video 😉👌🏻 Love ya ❤️
Love you guys sooo much! Great videoo💓
i do my makeup in a different order every time I guess 😂 am I the only one tho?
where is ur jumper from in this video? i love it x
Yes my two QUEEEEENS😍😍❤️💘 I love ye sooo much xxxx
I wish I had a sister! You guys are the best. And I totally do my makeup like Mel.
where is you jumper from Jessie? I love it xxxx
you are both even more beautiful without makeup omg you are like flawless natural beauties <3
<3
Sister goalssss
Beautiesssss 💛💚
My favourite 2 youtubers ❤️
Funniest sisters going! ❤️
I use moisturer then concealer then foundation then powder then eyebrows the bronzer then highlighter then eyeshadow then lip stick   I'm. only 13 I probs do it wrong but I don't it the much  normally I just wear foundation  also you girls are so stunning
1:06 perfect timing
If they just learn to drive...
2:53 yo...  \n3:01 YOOOOO!!!!
did any people died ?
that's a stupid driver and elliot moose have in comment: idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot!
I like the disintegrating cars.
rocket man hit that car like he was wire guided
they should just ban driving, there
One schmuck is leading the green and the other is trimming the red--what did you THINK was going to happen?!
The drivers may be retardet (sic), but your spelling is retarded.
Damn I would hate to live in Russia
Russian insurance must be at a premuim
Russia love car crash.
What idiots learn to drive
WTF😱😱😱😱
But yeah it’s true automatic cars cannot be controlled @ higher speeds when braked in emergency 🚨
Lol, I think you are the retardet person here xD
I am just wondering from where do russians get their driving license
2:28 got what he deserved BMW driver !!!
wow... the fuck is wrong with these people?
Dear Russia your not exposed to have kids with your brother or sister cuz it sure seems like you guys do
Every single one of these accidents could have been avoided.
@5:02 they steered into the crash. So dumb
A little extreme for trending, this sort of thing is what you go and find if your into it.
asuu lo a aplastado \n😱😱😱😨
I just like to use my indicators
His genius is unending
Caribou - Odessa
This sounds like a mixture of the Beatles and Totos Africa with a 2017 vibe. I like.
This is so weird I'm reading the comments and I'm laughing my ass off...instead of hating everyone.  Beck is the coolest man alive!
Can we go back to 80s music.
wow... just stumbled on this and its really good
This made me like slime\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNot really its still fucking disgusting
Alguien me dice que material (si es que se le puede llamar así) es ese?
Как снять клип на 300 тыс. просмотров :\nЗаказать какую-то хрень с алика
Queria meter a mão nessas coisas aí
very up2 date sound
Wth
That purple slime.  That green slime.
B-52s
this shit sucks
SLATT!
As an OT student I appreciate this video so much.
I could watch this all day. Hypnotic!
Oh this is heckin satisfying
Beck_licious
Oh man, Colours is such a great album. It makes me feel so happy
I've been saying the music industry needs more pan flute
Electronic garbage. Nothing unique or interesting.
This Video + Acid = O  .  O
Thanks Coldplay
oh beck what happened. as a fan from mellow gold and mutations etc,  he's latest material leaves me bewildered and horrified. Appalling.\nShame.
I think I was 15 or 16 when I watched Loser on MTV and now watching this I'm 39 wtf?🤷
This song is kind of s***
coldplay bring me here
Vim pelo Coldplay
❤
#EyesPorn
Color, texture, and viscosity. Absolutely beautiful.
Génial
no HOC (hands of color)
Sounds like the Super Furry Animals. Great
minunat
Some kind of visual ASML.
That purple/lilac slime was pure porn
I just got slimed...
Oddly satisfying
He slimed me
I like Beck but this video is so cheap.
Who came here because of Tibble Slimes?
Lovely. every mix of colors outside of skin tone lol.
So satisfying. Whoever the owner of those hands are, they are so lucky!!! I want to feel and play with all  these slimes.
@Beck I have been the fan for many years. I would like to express the gratitude that I have in my heart 4 all the work that you have done to make my life a movie. I love you and I hope that one day we'll get to meet each other because in my eyes you ra great man
I slept in slime last night
I feel an urge to bathe in playdoh
why is this so satisfying
If you are ihr thanks to Coldplay ✨
am I the only one finding the dark nail art disgusting? Totally ruining the video for me, sorry, ugh!
I love it, I thought it was from Phoenix old records though!
slime 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
beck mate ur a god
(hexagon)
ASMR af
So satisfying to watch
[TOXIC DO NOT INGEST]
This is fucking smart
90' artist...
You want it, you got it! \n      Tactical Sopo, héroe del pueblo
0:48 Found our way through the lost jizz
Not surprised to see Beck make slime look cool
The cornflower-colored slime is really nice
This video could have been REALLY satisfying... BUT... dirty fingernails everywhere distracted me from the colors.
It's a sure-fire stress reliever 😄
Thanks to help me to make my daughter loving this Song.. She has the same modeling foam
#feelings\n\nI'll find you and go right through walls we made\nI see you, I need you every day\nIt's nothing, it's your life\nI don't know why, can't get what I want\nBut I keep, I keep trying\nFound our way through the lost years\nNow the day brings it all here\n\nAll the colors, see the colors\nFeel the colors, she says\nSee it in your eyes\nAll the colors, see the colors\nFeel the colors\nTell me, do you feel alive?\n\nI've got all the love you need\nI've got all the love you need\nKeep it with you\nI don't have the time to wait\nI don't have the time to way\nI need to see you\nGot it all under control\nGot it all under control\nYou can't hear me\nNow it only hurts to know\nNow it would only hurt to know\nWhen you don't need me\nYou don't need me\nFound our way\nNow the day brings it all here\n\nAll the colors, see the colors\nFeel the colors, she says\nSee it in your eyes\nAll the colors, see the colors\nFeel the colors\nTell me, do you feel alive? \n\n#highMUSIC #lyrics #Beck #Colors @ kalo.gr\n\n: / https://youtu.be/8I1B4n_8Cto
Got the album colours and it was great !!!?!!
my daughter has a sensory thing. She has been creating various slime, goo and bead combinations for years -
1st minute: Oooh.. slime visualiser... Seems good...\n2nd minute: This is quite different from what I've heard from Beck before\n3rd minute: ok, this is getting a little weird.. what am I even watching? What am I doing with my life?\n4th minute: might as well wait for it to finish, even though it's not that interesting anymore
beck is fucking great at following trends
Is beck trying too hard to be 6th graders? Whatever because this song is great
This video made me slime,i mean,smile
Is this seriously the official video
This song does nothing for me.
This song and album is too dope to be true <3
I 'will love to eat this video !
3:28 widest panned drums! Such a fine piece over all.
Manual work for an original clip :)
Vocals and chorus B52's style.
In which Beck showcases his daughter's awesome slime collection with an awesome soundtrack.
I LOVE this song! Kinda sounds like Beck has been listening to Justice lately...
I'm curious, who was the slime artist who made all of this lovely slime? :)\n\nbecause you probably have to be a molecular physicist to make that sort of thing,\n\nand there aren't a lot of those around.\n\nWas David Hanson involved???
I love Beck, But this is not for me
this guy's a fuckin genius
This is absolutely GREAT 80's music.
This is my fetish.
Honestly this is so aesthetically pleasing. My favourite is the plain purple slime! My friend who knows I like goop linked it to me, and then I heard it on BBC Radio 1 when Beck came on - this has a lot of replayability IMO!! Great song!!
This is some high grade slime
The purple one is the most satisfying.
i wanna eat some of dat yummy stuff and die
Mello Gold was pure genius. Who kidnapped that guy? Usually I can follow an artist and appreciate changes in their style, but Beck lost me. I have honestly tried.
Im baked nig
Burn this video
4:03 yellow slime looks too much like human fat yuckerds
what is a beck
BECK IS SO COOL his vids keep getting better and better
You watch alot of the DYI slime videos on OuTuben, too, I see.
Can you make a video on why there is hope for plastic waste? Waxworm can eat plastic waste
Hello Kate, Emily and minute earth, I like all your videos.  I like everything about ants. Can you please do a video on what happens when an ant lost its track?
We're doing peanuts come from and we're does tofo come from please tell  us😅😅😅😅😆😆😆😆😆😆😉😉😉😉😉🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
I lov TRUMP!!!
I can't handle the pitch of her voice. She sounds like she's complaining about a co-worker.
Minute Earth: Well\n\nDrug Addict: THEY COME FROM PINK FAIRIES MADE FROM BACON
Great video!  But Tacrolimus has many more uses that just treatment for Eczema.  It has revolutionized transplantation as an anti-rejection drug!
Why don't you also do a video about hippos? And the difference between the crocodile and the alligator?
In short, drugs are made from fungi 😂😂😂
Just went to talk at the University of Minnesota with Dr Salomon presenting about this stuff. Extremely interesting and innovative.
Every time my mom puts a banana in my lunch its smell and taste gets somehow infused with the rest of the lunch. If you could make a video explaining this that would be great. Thanks!
From the drug store, bruh
I dont know why but i get the best chills watching minuteearth and even get my eyes wet...
One teaspoon of soil a day will keep the doctor a stone's throw away.
The power of natural products
Simple - they come from mexico
would you do a video about wolves and their mating
From third world countries.
Where Do Our Drugs Come From?
00:02 to 00:10\nThe REAL question is WHAT the hell is it in the remaining medications?
I just get it from that sketchy guy behind Walmart.
wait Minnesota!? thats the state i live in
How come researchers don't try mutating fungi to target the MRSA bacteria common in hospital? \n\nLike put a certain type of fungi that's enemy with the staf bacteria and see if it mutates after several generations to become resistant to the MRSA.
Hello, please provide translations, thank you.
Sooo...The ice cream truck isn't the only place to buy drugs?
The CIA is where they originally came from. LSD
Mostly colombia and Mexico
You're looking for a guy named Heisenberg, you didn't hear it from me😑
They came from the pharmacy, duh.
It’s from that Ugandan warlord
The world is brutal by nature, killing is a necessity to live.
Imagine the really useful ones they don't release to the public.
The art of XKCD and the voice of Marzipan from homestarrrunnner, it's a winning combination!
1:59  right hand column 4th one down,  we discovered aeroplanes from leeks?
Oh I thought this was about drugs like cocine, meth or others
We should get rid of the current education system and instead replace them with a movie like experience, where all the students get like ridiculously comfy chairs, a big screen with everyone in front of it, popcorn or snacks of any kind with drinks, and just play minute earth and minute physics videos. Guarantee you this, whatever the official number is for the amount of students that succeed through their lives will skyrocket compared to how it has been. An 8 year old could watch this and learn without confusion. This world is very far behind where it could already be, people like the people here at minute earth are what we need.
my plug, Kevin. shoutout to him
Easy drugs come from hell
Yes, the University of Minnesota is a major source of knowledge regarding medical research (I will get treatment there for chronic tmj)
penecilin dosnt exist anymore... newer and newer antibiotics have to be made all the time because with every new antibiotic comes resistance and adaption by the bacteria. Good luck this will be a massive problem eventually and everyone will get infected.
God like all things
I already have the smelly socks one :P
This was a waste....
In another universe, fungi and bacteria are taking Guns and Nuclear Weapons to treat their infections of humans.
So live in forest and start pharmacy!
My dealer usually makes me jerk him off, but never gives me the drugs. Why is that? He even pinky promised.
When theyre really imported from government officials
I thought you were gonna tell us ur dealer
What about the remaining 3/10 chemicals?
Biggest opium plantations are guarded by the military. Take a wild gues, DUURRRRR
2:20 This bacteria with stinky socks, made me smile;p
What about the other 3?
I'm now more curious about the other 3/10 drugs
Is it just me, or do they use Dutch Haagel Slaag alot in their vidoes?
i think antibiotic or antimicrobe that bacteria pump out have another purpose. Some journal say it used for signaling neighbor microbe with chemical substance rather than killing them.
Why cats hate water
It's a me a MaRIo...
Video wasn’t a minute long. Reported.
So hot!!!
I thought this was going to be a video about El Chapo
im allergic to penicillin
, .
Just say no to drugs!
So, what this vid is trying to tell you, is: \nEAT A SPOONFUL OF DIRT AND YOULL GET BETTER!
nice
1:05 - 1:26 *Cough cough* I am allergic to penicillin
changing fiber cancer sumgpxe stock buy female pipe criticism.
From my marijuana farm, duh.
Very cute voice.
#47 on Trending holy crap\ngj
CIA mainly
The cia smuggles cocain into communities
Mexico
Ive always wanted to know thx
*Video İndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?ePrqp1rBRVVSFkc7vkLV0rI=6eCpAELE7fVM7p11mxvS9y2U9pSl
Afghanistan
Doctors are drug dealers
phytochemistry 😁
fucking clickbaited again
Afghanistan
THE GOVERNMENT?
Hi Subscribe to JMC vlogs today
My ass
I'm no snitch
Weed
the drug store
Mmmm. Dirt
silkroad3. onion???
🚬🙂 weed
my drugs come from el chapo
YouTube copy the minuto do mundo
Answer: my friends
My bro is allergic to penicillin
Send me drugs
Mexico?
Blacks
From the cute 11 year old boy next to my house\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm 91
Mexico?
No one wants this shit, just do mcgregor vs Ferguson
Conor is the a side as they say so get in the cage with him
Washed up no power Pauline. Still trying to stay relevant. Nigga worse than a female.
This dude is still thinking about Connor's balls.
This dude Paulie is probably the biggest cuck on my radar right now. The dude is grasping at straws to stay in the spotlight and get Conor to take a fight with him so he can get a decent payday for minimal work. Can't say I blame him, but he really needs to get real with himself and fuck off. Saying Conor has no balls despite the fact that he just boxed the greatest boxer even? This coming from the same guy that claimed Conor never touched him yet we saw video evidence to proof otherwise. Paulie just kind of seems like a pitiful schmuck who's career is over yet he clings to the media to try and stay relevant.
Does he really need to get slept again
fight him in the octagon pussy. boxers with all their rules calling out mma fighters is a joke
Fuck off pauline , or grow a pair and take your old ass into the octagon
Paulie in his prime would school Conor easily but if they fight now, it would be a stalemate.
All these boxing fans are gay af.  Connor made Floyd his bitch! Rub that bald head of his lol.  Connor could rape paulie and Floyd at the same time irl just saying (since u gay boys love gay stuff)
Who gives a flying fuck about paulina lmao Conor vs tony 💯 let’s get it done Dana. We don’t need this pillow fighting fake ass shit.
Who really cares about this fight ? Nobody cares this dude's a clown.
Who da fuck wants to see Paulie ina ring again, get the fuck outta here....
Paulie bring your balls and fight Conor in a REAL fight
this guy is easy money for Connor Mc gregor !!!!!!!!
Conor better not fight in the ring. He got to defend his titles.
sit down and wait in line Paulie. you are 4th in line maby
Hey Paulie, take Conor’s balls out of your mouth, we have a hard time understanding you as it is.
Boxing still has fans after the McGregor fight? 😂
if Paulie had such big balls then why don't be get in the cage
No fucker would be interested in paying to see a fight with this Shmucko...
Refuses to step into the octagon/ a REAL fight = The very Definition of NO BALLS!!! FYI McGregor already stepped into the boxing world!!!
If conor had no balls how about u do what he did and cross over!! Face him in his sport like he did with mayweather...yh right lol...no chance youd do that cus u know...u know ur a pussyhole
paulie is delusional lol hes never been a ppv star, doesnt have a title and lost most of his last few fights.......Dude got more fame sparring conor twice than he did when he was boxing. be grateful and keep it moving paulie
PAULIE SOUNDS LIKE A BITTER EX GIRLFRIEND.. STILL TALKING ABOUT CONORS BALLS.. REAL TALK HE SOUNDS LIKE SOMEONE WHO GOT HIS ASS WHOOPED AND WANT A SECOND CHANCE TO REDEEM HIS PRIDE.. UNFORTUNATLY HIS PRIDE IS IN CONORS BACK POCKET
is this faggot still talking he will get dropped in the 4th or 5th round
Didn’t this clown get kod with a body shot in his last fight against a nobody name Eggington beat it paulie
Come to MMA or shut your mouth.
as an alpha male, you don't try this hard to get one back on a dude if he didn't kick your ass once. Paulie just got handled in sparring. big deal
Conor would wipe the floor with this stupid washed up never any good fucking American fucking cunt
Paulie  what are you talking about...you punch like a bitch!!!
He sure says balls a lot
PM U JUST A HIGH DEF TROLL LMFAO
Would love it if this fight happens. Never happier to see paulie getting knocked the fuck out!!!!
Sick of hearing this prick talk man
paulie man i love yea man but in a reall fight you die man.so dont be calling him a pussy
Get paulie into the octagon against conor, and then rematch conor floyd in the octagon, and lets see how long they last in there.
Who the fuck wants to see this ? I really haven't  seen any positive feedback from people on this fight. If this happens to be Mcgregor's next fight, he has to vacate the belt he cannot expect to put the division on hold for another 6 /8 months. He hasn't fought since Nov 2016 & it would be close to two years if this does happen .
who da Fook is that guy??
This is Paulie try to make money talk  😂😂😂😂😂
Shut up you moron this guys doing my head in with that mouth I'll step in that ring with him and I have no boxing experience at all and still kick he's moaning ass...... Bored.
PURE BOXING IN THE OCTAGON WITH 4OZ GLOVES MAKE IT HAPPEN DANA
this guy is a walking mouth
Woahhh ground breaking info ....a boxer can beat a non boxer in boxing and an MMA fighter can beat a non MMA fighter in MMA. \n\nIn other news water is wet and fire is hot.
Love you Paulie and everything you do but I can't wrap head around when you say he's got no balls...he wanted the fight so he stepped up into the boxing world..maybe one of you guys should step into the octagon..if your not pussy
I’m a boxing fan first, but paulie is getting annoying as fuck begging for this fight. He got knocked down and he’s still salty as fuck.
Says he's got no balls yet doesn't want to fight him in mma ok
It ain’t gonna happen Paulie. Paulie is broke that’s why he is running his mouth
Paulie....get in the octagon...or STFU with the pussy shit!!!...you don't have a hair one on your tiny little balls, McGregor got into the ring with the GOAT ...which takes balls no matter what (even if it is just boxing)...that having been said, Paulie throws the terms pussy and no balls around quite a bit for a guy who KNOWS there isn't a snowballs chance in hell he'd fight under MMA rules!!! Paulie should be thanking Conor for making him even remotely relevant!!!
'conor has no balls'\n\nfirst of all, you aint even competed in MMA.\n\nsecondly, it takes a lot of balls to compete and win in the ufc so go figure
go fight in the UFC you no balls having mother fucker.
Can this guy just fuck off, I'd rather see Conor defend against Tony or fight Nate in the trilogy. None of this boxing bullshit anymore, if these faggots want a payday they can go to the octagon because Conor is the draw not them. Conor vs Floyd was an exclusive boxing match and Conor has no business in the ring anymore.
I hope Conor knocks his fucking head off! I can't stand that whiny little bitch
Nah...not interested in this fight in boxing or mma.  I’m sure Paulie would beat him in boxing and McGregor would kill him in mma.  But would rather see Tony Ferguson fought McGregor to legitimize lightweight division, anything else is a side show.
Come to the octagon Paulie before you start talking about balls.
MMA mate u want it bribg ur balls go to his sport
Bro Paulie with a full camp? Forget about it. And you know he’s gonna be training at TMT
You ain't getting it Paulie. No one cares about you, Conor & Dana have bigger plans sorry pal
McGregor gonna fight with a real fighter next : Tony Ferguson. Not your bum ass
You fil step in the octagon show your ballsack
Coward. At least meet halfway and fight under Muay thai or K1 rules.
i wont watch this garbage. it’s another con.  crap
Omg are we talking about diarrhea mouth Connor \nConnor  box like a fucken 12yr old kid boxing his first match
Fuck this little Rat. He cant fight for shit and talks shit. Just like Floyd. Even i would woop dat ass. Boxers Are the easiest opponent for grapple/kickers
In the Octagon Conor McGregor would whoop your ass and Floyd Mayweather's ass in one night
This just has to stop now 🤦🏽‍♂️ he got his ass whooped and he just begging for another one with a payday and it's embarrassing
paulie about to talk himslef into about 20-25 million.. not mad at him
Shout out to Tommy gun , come to my house and you'll be the dinner you fucked up little pussy , going to my videos and calling my daughters whores? You'll never know how lucky you are sitting behind your keyboard. And I notice you've deleted all your comments. You best pray we never meet.
Call a boxer bitch like canelo or broner not a none boxer
Why don't McGregor fight Canelo, he did so good against mayweather it should be a good fight right MMA fanboys?
Doubt any real  boxing or MMA fans would have the slightest interest in this farce after the previous one.
Let's see Conor vs GGG \nOr Canelo vs Conor\nNot this pillow puncher who got embarrassed by Conor
Paulie is selling this right, playing with Conor's ego by daring him.......i hope it works so we get to know the truth!
Paulie such publicity stunt clown . Everyone knows Conor just made a social media post about a fight with Tony Ferg
Who wants to see that shit again... Boring and circus shit..
Bring it to the octagon!
Whoever Conor fights next, he'll be labelled a pussy for not fighting whoever he's not..
Paulie stop it its about the money u will get like 10 mill for the fight ur biggest pay day
Pauli He Has No Balls Malignaggi
God plz no.
paulie still salty cuz he got his ass whooped. pussy forever.
Paulie Pillow Punches
your a bitch Paulie
paulie got hair implants! LMFAOOOO
HAHAHAHAHA Paulie would be MURKED....  WE ALL SAW WHAT HAPPEND
Everyone already forgot about paulie
Conman No Balls Mcbum knows Paulie is speaking facts.... Stick to the wrestling octagon gay ass Mcfaggot.....
Still fucking whining
In Boxing, Paulie whoops his ass, nuff said.
Fuck off you greasy Wop!  Go back to shitstain Italy you ugly Dago!  #TRUMP #MAGA #WHITESONLY
uploading anything about Paulie is an immediate dislike lol.
This parrot still talking?
Conor needs to return back to the Octagon. He better not continue in gaylord boxing.
Danm this dude sounds sooo salty nothing but hate coming from this pussy!
Still concussed? Pauline?
Balls.
Hes calling people pussy with earings?
MMA 11 yr olds don't want to see Pauline the bitch cock slap Mcgregor the puff 😂
UFC never released the FULL UNEDITED 12 rounds sparring vid smh
Shut up paulie you a bitch if Conor that much of a punk why did he beat your ass man shut the hell up Conor ain't cumin bak to boxin he's got things to take care of in the UFC i.e. Tony ferguson Nate why the fuk wud he b bothered about a little punk weasel like you bitch
I hope you enjoy the video, if you did! Be sure to Subscribe to see more :)
You are very patronising to your grandad
Bent him over the machine and gave him the finger treatment cause he were paralysed and crying I honestly lost my shit 😂😂😂
your grandad is a joy to watch haha
Tom, your grandad got it the wrong way around.  If the royal standard (the flag that was above Buckingham palace in your vlog) is flown, the queen is in residence.  If the Union Jack is flown, the queen is NOT in residence.
Your grandad is Amazing! We Love GORDON! ❤️
So you live 2 mins down my road, get the train 30 seconds away from my work and I still haven't seen you irl for years... fml...
ngl i think ur a bit peak to gordan sometimes
*Britishness intensifies*
Man like Gordon😂.. what a savage Legend!! ❤️😎
Gordon is a LEGEND!!!!
Had the time of his life :D
I was in absolute hysterics from the phone call at the end. GORDON FOR PRIME MINISTER!
*Before watching this video.*\nAw hes so cute, so awesome. Keep it up Gordon!\n\n*After*\nYoo Gordon a savage! Bashing heads, finger treatment!
gordon is so adoreable! i love this vlog
tom trying his best to get some money back from this London trip. interesting but annoying adverts turned me off half way through
I loved the joint outro
Just got back from a cruise and finally watched this Vlog. Went London a week before you damn!!
Tom in March 2018 I'm going on that warship for a ska festival
You had it right Tom, Big Ben won't chime for 4 years.
@ronanmcmahon740
@___b.en__
Amazing adventure Gordon continues to be bloody hilarious
You should go on a helicopter ride and fly over London, it is the best experience ever.
Dude you have the coolest Grandad! Plz make more videos like this!!!!
Your grandad is so cute😩
How can none of them know the national anthem. That's ridiculous.
Instagram owen_169
Officialmadcrew
@maxwellrodriguez_
@pasansiri
@wus_hannin69
@gogo_fabian
@_c.houghton
@mk10gamerzac
@thomas.proudfoot14
@itsbaileyxx87
@kyleevans2003
@synaster6ixx
@redswifts
@connor_mckenzie136
@stavyyg
Gave him the finge treatment 😂😂😂😂
@ashley_rochester_16
@ethan_wrtz
@k.ruth95
Tamzin._.thompson
@_tombarkley_
@lukequaintance
Instagram: nathan.caddell
@annamae1790
That controller looks beautiful! @inhale_hitler_69
ITS A KILT.
Best grandad in the world!
@yad_salih4
@_tsanchez_
@happyclaw
What is the restaurant called?
Tom, you should go to Oxford for a day with your granddad.
The flag that was flying means that she is in. They fly the British standard if she isn’t in . Mainly she lives in Windsor palace
Legit saw a ghost on the HMS when I was there a few months ago
£2.50!! for a cone? jesus
I have subscribed to your instagram and I am @aideen1970
Every Vlog from now on I am going to write this ♡ Day 196!
Oh you mean this carl😂😂 I laugh so hard😂
I went on the hms belfast on a field trip when i used to go to school in england. I didnt remember seeing all them statues of people there tho
That ending just scared the bejesus out of me
@nick_green
Aaayyy 23 on trending good job Tom
@rodria040526
DANISH HYPE
Gordon is the best!!!
6 ads 40 minutes
Tom, you should go to the Kazakhstan embacy and do your Borat impression
From cod to long lost families
Really enjoyed this, I love your grandad. Subbed X
Old people are the best
Man like Tom on trending and all that.
I FOUND AARON RAMSEY!!
don't mess with Gordon or he will smash your face in.
So this video has barley 200k views and is in the trending section and has 8 ads in it... okay...\n\nThis guy also conned his fans.
▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ █ \n░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░░░ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▄▄▀ ▀ \n▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█░▒█ ▄
Your Grandad needs his own Insta!! Who cares about people's cats and dogs, I wanna see a page about Gordon!❤
Did tom just say why do we need a Queen... Does he not realise that all changes to the UK and all changes to the law in the UK she has to approve or disapprove even if the UK Prime Minister wants it or not. The queen out votes them all
Being a guard must be such a bore
I got 11 bloody ads 😂
Tom's gonna be so upset when Gordon passes away I think everyone will tbh
Ok one thing I wonder what side of the family is Gordon from Toms Mothers side or his dads. He has Tom's mums smile but he looks like his dad as well.
who would id rather be sponge bob or mr t
Seen how many ads, skipped the video, wasteman.
The flag above the palace was the Royal Standard meaning the Queen was in residence. The union Jack is flown when she is not.
Your granddad is so freaking adorable!!
I HAVE THAT BATMAN V SUPERMAN POSTER\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI feel so happy that I have something in common with tom (apart that we are both from Manchester)
Your right tom about the pendolino or technically class 390 its max speed is 140mph but only goes 125mph
That ending tho! 😂
I remember meeting tom at Euro gamer 2013 outside the building in front of the surgeon van I was wearing a Minecraft creeper t-shirt
i think toms business syndicate original should sell a light grey jackets just like cordons. id buy that shit! gordon is a legend
Mate it won't even ding dong after they've fixed it😂😂
Russia is in Asia bro...
good vlog! but 40min is waaaay to long :/
5:02 The pebble clearly hits her right cheek, yet she grabs her left. Trust me, I checked. +1 Sin!
cloth remember knee bet food child top future corporation.
Do everything wrong with the babysitter
Every thing with IT
By the way if you ever do the third one could you please bring up the news reports\nIf you listen closely to one of the news reports Jason apparently engaged in cannibalism and sexual mutilation \nI don't remember anything like that occurring in part 2 but then again we never did find out what happened to Paul so\nHOLY GINGERFUCK JESUS!
I would pay GOOD MONEY for Jeremy to  do the entire dance scene of this film with 50 Cent as the soundtrack!
Everything wrong with Jason takes Manhattan
no jason made a shack in the woods but when he fond his mother she was fighting alice than alicw chop of her head
*N*\n*I*\n*P*\n*P*\n*L*\n*E*\n*S*
i love the Swingers reference at the end.
@7:52 he calls Paul Ted I’m sinning you Cinemasins *CinemaSins ding*
Remove 1 sin for every nipple scene. Please. Soft-core porn was tough to come by in the early 80's.
I love that you used a clip from Club Dread at the end there. Haha!
Please do Wonder Woman. Even though its an amazing movie
Can you please do 'Everything wrong with Clowntergeist'? \nOh! And your videos are hella awesome, btw! Love every single one of them!
Part 3 4 5
Hey, It's my Chad!
Where's part 3 etc....
NIPPLES! Yeah, seriously, that girl needs a bra. I can't stand girls that just let their nipples hang out like that. Do they think it's attractive? Blech.
dead dog\nhotdog
Lmao
Make moreeeeee
Do part 3!
Pet Sematary. Loved that!
16:08 did you mean Cemetery…?
PLEASE DO SPIDERMAN HOMECOMING !!!!!!
https://youtu.be/xNddRhpx5tA?t=274 Slow-motion bouncing bewbz, you're welcome ;)
please do jeepers creepers 1 & 2 pleaseee
Wait a minute, I sense pee behind me! \nYes hello I'd like to organize a funeral, because I'm fucking dead.
God dammit one day early are you kidding me.
That was a good movie! And that one girl in particular had a great ass! :)
Zero black people in this film. Wow. It sure was a different time back then!
I am struggling through part 3 of this series... are you going to do part 3 soon?!? Its painful.
14:01 the narrator says Jason slams his pitchfork into the MIDDLE of the car roof, a location where no driver has ever sat in the history of cars.  I'm giving this video a sin for the narrator having never heard of the Mclaren F1, which definitely has the driver's seat in the middle of the car, with a passenger seat on either side.  The car in the movie is obviously no Mclaren F1, but still the whole in the history of cars part is bullshit.
I think the biggest sin is the fact you uploaded this the day before Friday the 13th.
This was made on my b day
''only two cars? how the hell did everyone get there?'' JEREMY THE HITCHHIKED?!
You should do The Babysitter (Netflix Original, 2017)
Do IT when it comes out
124) No topless scene for Sandra. 8:28 Those babies were perfect!
To the question  of whether or not Jason is a ghost,  he's  a revenant, an undead that comes back for revenge. They comeback stronger, faster and just as smart as they were when they were alive. They also use weapons.
Don't mess with bears 🐻
The opening scene is supposed to take place two months after the events of the first movie and then fast forward 5 years for the main part of the movie.
How come you did a vid on this 1 day before Friday the 3th
Evrything Wrong With Friday the 13th Part 3 coming in Oct 2020 ?
The continuity in these Friday the 13th movies are almost as bad as the continuity of the X-men movies.
everything wrong with It (2017)
Cinemasins - “Bla Bla Bla, Supernatural, Bla Bla Bla....”\nMe -*Looks at cinemasins and whispers* “No, don’t say that word...they’ll hear you!!!!”\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSPN fandom - *From backroind* “CARRY ON MY WAYWARD SON!!!!”\nMe - *Runs from room screaming* \nSPN Fandom - *Flips table and runs after me* “THERE’LL BE PEACE WHEN YOU ARE DONE!!!!”
a mlaren f1 has the seat in the middle
Please do the 2010 remake of a nightmare on elm street. It was so bad
Nipples.
Do part 3
Lol club dredd refrence.
.
amazing
Watch part fucking three asshole. :3
Do part 3
Please do Sleepaway Camp and Misery please please please :)
Nipples
16:51
The 80's, cocaine
Did Jason have *autismn*
part 3
bless this dude
3:15 WOAH! o.0 that looks EXACTLY like my cat 0.o
Do we live in a world where referring to someone's race -at all- is racist?
More Jason moives
This may be the worst movie that you have gone over on your channel
McLaren F1 you sat in the middle of the car.  Just saying.
see yall next year for friday the 13th #3.
Well, Vickie wasn't running anywhere with a slashed quad muscle.
Why killed mark , he’s disabled :(
SIN!!!! sandra had the hottest tits and never took her to off
6:10 That's something a lot of bitches need to learn.
if Jason drowned,how the fuck does he look like a fuckin burn victim !!
11:59 Somebody never watched the movie Scream
speaking of nipples, anyone notice that when a girl in a movie or show shows her breasts, only the nipples are really blurred out and you can still kinda see the rest of the cleavage while guys on the other hand, if they take off their shirt nothing is censored, sooooo man nipples are ok? what if you put a man's nipple on top of a girl's nipple, would they still censor it? :/
Nice to know that fight gave you a boner 😂
Can we Get a translation for 9:32?
in it's defense this movie might be the origin of the cat scare it wasn't cliche yet.\n\nAm I the only person that was really depressed that the paraplegic guy never got laid? :(
14:35 wait a minute I sense pee behind me lol😅
Man these superhot girls and no dings for them???
1981 called, they said they don't give a shit, dumbass.
Do the 2009 remake.\n\nFucking... horrible.
Do everything wrong with Kingsman the golden circle
Jesus Christ, are you reviewing Pulp Fiction, or The Twilight Zone next?
Holy shit I just noticed the Pet Sematary reference in there, even though I had to search why it would be spelt like that.
The dead dog line is wrong. The dog doesn't die. At the end, after the fight with Jason, the dog appears at the door.
7:07 what kind of noise is that?
OMG 9:31 the nipples bit. i died.
4:50
1 day uploaded short got f*ckin dammit CINEMASINS!!!!
Sri Lankan Elephant Chasing Due To Foolish Activity. plz skip the button http://1ink.cc/WEu4
123
that spear is unstoppable
I SENSE PEE BEHIND ME!\n\n\n\n\nplz do everything wrong withe Creep
Good movie
do part 3
Where I live the lake nearby is named crystal lake
Jesus Christ it's Jason Borne.
This only song I like off the album to be honest, great and true song
such a g song
lil jit DSK I c ya boi
Slaughter gang doin they shit
21 message on this 👍
Real talk!
fuck kaepernick
✊️
Complete Fire
2:14
This shit cold savage
01566999210896 whatsapp
Lyrics actually mean something mad respect 21
9+10=21 LEGEND
Additive Commutative Property 2+1=1+2
awwe poor vitctims u make real black people sick
1:37 🔥🔥🔥🔥
🤤🤤🤤👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽 this is good
Fire starts at 0:00 - 4:40
I'm dontai abouta react.
🌋🌋
,[ht
https://youtu.be/0W2dy8__SEs   New YANKEE DOODLE Trump Video
What this nigga sayin
Got my eyes wet.
damn
good shit bro
💯
He Tried it
2 + 2 = 4 + 4 = 8 + 8 = 16 + 4 = 21
when u play comp Overwatch
this legit made me cry
ho ever did I'm killing yall fuk with 21 savage gang shit cuz
Real.
21 I loved bank account.
Trump is not openly racist mumble rapper lookin ass
Preach 21
21 savage GANG 🔥🔥🔥
I respect this man
it sounds like arabic sound,it's good but it's too mumble.
*P U L L   U P   A N D   A I R   I T   O U T*
My boy this shit fire 21 21
Okay I respect this shit, speaking some real shit.
man dis talk sum real words in dis tho this aint like the other ones dis fo real
Why tf is there a biscuit at0:54?
this some real shit i fw that heavily
This is fucking stupid 21 savage is racist against white people
No comment just wanna tell u good job like the song 21 21 21 hope you to keep signing like that and show those fufu people are shit 🔥🔥
Yet the thug culture perpetuated by rappers such as 21 Savage is the reason the black community is so rife with crime
Hey man stick to music not politics all your people that like your music that support are president trump get really mad when one of are favorite artists alienate a certain group of fans
how does this have dislikes?
21 the only one talking about how the shit really is, you dont see other people talkin this truth.
There is less savage in Here
I understand this but honestly people saying shit about white people in the comments sound drunk and calling all white people racist which in itself is racist also something that sounds insane to me Is that someone said white cops go a around looking for black people to shoot that's fucking insanely ignorant, not hating on the song but there is so much ignorance
TBH I never liked 21 Savage until he post this song and Bank account 💋👌💓
He be speaking real lyrics
Could you speak English or not cause you might have to go back to 1st grade
i really love 21 more for this! using his fame to shine light on major social issues.
Amazing song tbh, only thing I didn't get, when she say Justin Brown at the beginning, is that intended to be a reference to Michael Brown?
why am i just hearing of this 10 days later.. respect for 21 rn bro
21 Savage Nothing New i like it
I’m white but man Ik how this shit is cuz I’ve been thru it I lived in the hood as a white Person it’s hard tho
they had white cops shooting in the music video but he was saying repeatedly nothing new THATS FUCKED UP\nwhy can't people just treat others the same as everyone else \nExample: If you see a NFL player everyone treats him like he is a god but when people see a Homeless man people look at him with pitty
He should call himself: 9+10 Savage
Not gone lie this song made me get chills✊🏽😔🚫👦🏾🔫👮 something gotta change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__Vj3DXwOBI watch this is you are a BLM activist, if you still think cops brutally kill unarmed black people regularly im worried.
My name is Justin brown 😂
This makes u think bout what’s happening real talk tho. Props to 21 we needed a song like this
I STAND FOR MLK LIKE IF U DO TO
Like if this song going viral
I was here at 785k views
No idea what he’s sayingf
this song makes me wanna put the condom on after having sex
Great Song but I'm white and I also respect Black people
they killed martin luther king and all he did was spoke.. factz! respect 21
It ain't nothin new!!! 21 proving he can make songs with meaning, great to see him using his platform to bring awarness....while i have your attention, check out the music video on my page :) 2 upcoming Boston artists...lets connect!
Is this a  Zaytoven and Metro Boomin co production? Be still my heart.
Black lives don't matter 😴😴😴
Video had me in tears, this world crazy man.
that first bar was fye
Lost his faith in jesus christ he prayin to a bandanna \n21 is spittin some meanigful stuff
21 SAVAGE N\nKNOWS HOW TO SPEAK knowledge
Even I end war world 2.. nothing change yet
Bitch ain’t nun new but a g thang
A mexican here, BLACK LIVES MATTER.
It's horribly true it's nothing new... not only to different races but to like minded individuals such as myself. When I come up an rep the hood it'll be for the sake of actually experiencing something new to my previous country bumping self. This song speaks an it has me worried 21... use your words bruh cause when u do u give so many others fire motivation to step towards an actual change in our daily routine an lives.
best song he has made can't stop listening
Love how when it's a Unarmed black man killed they forget to mention they were beating the shit out of a cop.
I bought I pair of head phone to listen to this  (LIT) #sleapysavage
Now I'm not racist in any way but if black people have a problem with their race dying then why are they shooting their own race that stupid
This is so sad. Much respect to 21🤘🏼👊🏻 🔥💉
It's sad how people care more about songs about killing people and gambling for money
the best part is 2:40 - 2:50
Poppin Percocets to kill the pain I can't cope
Fuck this shit and no plug
This is kinda sad 😭😭 hope you ok 21
They killed Martin Luther King and all he did was spoke deepest shit eva🔥
i actually like this song
This gets like 1.5 mil. views a day, thats how you know its lit 🔥
0:31 how tf they get good air in jail and a tv
Is it me, or does Axl sound more country and western?
What a fat piece of shit
Love GnR, in the 90s NO ONE could touch them, but wish Axl would have let P!nk sing more of the song. The woman has an AMAZING voice, and so much talent! She no doubt would have brought an entirely different aspect to a great song. Hell, let her sing Welcome To The Jungle, she would have rocked the crowds faces off!!   \m/ 0_0 \m/   Alecia does Pennsylvania proud!!
kind of ignorant how axl trys to show her up in the end lol
i have to wonder if that whistling was per-recorded
Gun and rose are best rock and roll band ever can all remember listen to there song with my dad
The real GNR is finally back. I dunno what that shit with Buckethead was,  and we ain't even gonna talk about the Chinese Democracy album. That wasn't GNR.
sorry but axle cannot hold notes anymore. he kind of makes his music sound like s*** today. But at least he's trying.
Axl please take just one line please.
Did Axl eat the missing members of the band?
That was terrible. Pink is completely out of her league.
Haha.... L was just thinking of the thing between Axl and Vince Neil. Wouldn't it be funny to see them fight now. It would look like 2 sausage links rolling around in a frying pan. 😂😂😂😂😂
At least Axl hasn't lost the ability to whistle. Although this is one of his better modern day performances.
GNR are fukin pathetic n Pink is sooo shit..i want my money back..oh wait ..im not stupid fuk enuff to give any of these shit cunts dollar one! Eat a dick n die useless garbage!
Can Axl just shut up and let Pink sing ? Jeez...
Omg was that izzy slash duff all on the same fucking stage ..??? Id pay millions to see if i had it lol
Axle is a real dude. He didn't use all sorts of mixers to make his voice sound better. He doesn't sound like the great Axle who was on drugs and singing his ass off, but he still sang it all without mixers and reverb. Hats off to him. Axle on drugs made GNR.
I heard Axle got Pink drunk and drugged after the show, then tried cracking on to her
This isn't GNR.. where is BucketHead?
he's 50 you try singing like this when you turn 50 so fuck off;)
that drum spoiled when slash do his solo's
Pink is getting fat ! Hahhahahahaha
muito diferente do rockinrio kkk
Guns n Roses...  😍😘 Pink 😍😘
Love it....
Damn...that was sweet, I missed the old crew!
She had the foresight to call herself Pink, because nowadays she looks like a fully grown pig!
I saw them in ‘91. Skid Row opened for them. It was a great show until Axhole went all drama queen, stomped off the stage and got drug back up by Sebastian Bach and told him we paid good money to see them and that he would kick his ass if he didn’t stop being a little bitch and give us what we were there for!
What a piece of Garbage shit. Axl you sold out Moron get that Tranny off the stage. Kick that satanic bitch off the stage. How can ppl even listen to this bulshit. Not only she cant sing, she cant write music and is incredibly untalented she also has a package in between her legs. WAKE UP MORONS. As for Guns n' Roses. I grew up on them in the early 90's one of their biggest fans. This is a total disappointment!
ax i'm not into pink... sorry.
god i love Pink,  best voice around imo,  she can sing anything
What happened to rock music these days?
Pink's great, but who's that fat bloke she's singing with ?  ;)\n\nSeriously, anyone who is surprised by how well Pink can sing really needs to go back and listen to some of her earlier albums. Take away the hip-hop wannabe singles and she was every inch a pint-sized rock star. \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwaJbRBdoTU\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDKGWaCglRM\n\nHer guitarist, Justin Derrico, absolutely blazes live - well worth checking out.
This is epic. One of my favorite female singers with one of my favorite bands growing up.
Loved this. I have loved. GnR since 88 and Pink was F'n amazing.
Damn Axl go on a diet and lose weight. You will look fkn amazing then. GnR 4ever!
I love P!nk's voice.
Neil Young was right.
Guns N' Roses' latest chapter in their how to destroy your legacy book
What is it with middle age musicians (they’re not stars) and their inability to not dress like a 16yr old punk kid?
Glad I got angus young as special guest!
Axl and P!nk, both in their prime, at the same time, that would have been a historic duet!!!
Pink Fucken sucks another  band letting there music get fucked up by these absolutely shit pop stars
I’m so glad Axl doesn’t sound the way he did from 2010-2015. It was like a mixture of a really drunk Willie Nelson and Mickey Mouse on a bad acid-trip. Slash murdered this shit as always! I saw them 3 times last year and I loved every show!
That was pretty cool!
Another video to add to my P!nk collection!
Podría morir feliz después de esto
Pelo menos ainda assovia bem
Pink has some records to sell to those middle aged fans out there..give credit to her agent for showing up with Mickey Rourke for 30 seconds\n*LAME* sell-outs
😁 Wish Trump would have walked out and said I told you peeps that is all you need. 😁
Honestly, they sound better with Pink. That's exactly what they need. She can really hit those high notes, and she sounds very strong, aggressive, soulful. She has stage presence, looks kinda badass, and doesn't mind running around half naked. That's exactly what Guns n' Roses needs right now, to make up for Axl losing a step. If Pink came out in leather with her tits out, hitting all those high notes, nobody would notice Axl being old and fat.
I respect pink but as far as guns and roses I'll refer to Jason newsteads..opinion. Show up on stage on time. Don't make a habit of starting the show 2 hours late that's disrespectful to your fans and road crew. I'd never pay to see them live.
She's so out of time; very annoying. She's got a great voice, but this was a disappointing watch...at least for me.
I know the world has changed, musical tastes too, but man... They had lots of talent. GnR were a one of a kind.
Was at that  show, all good but alllll Slash. Something must of happened to Axl cause he kept running backstage , taking long breaks and having Slash solo a loooot. Overall great show though.
Rock is for the young...This is embarrassing.
Axl needs to lose some weight!. yeah he is 55 or whatever but thats no excuse to not hit the gym and lay off junk food
That moment when you realise your guest sings your song better than you......
Pink SLAMS Rose with just a few seconds Lol! \nBTW that final scream from Rose seems like the sound of a dying chicken! Fuckin awful!
Axl still has the pipes!! LEGEND!!
Slash still looks hot under that hat, hair and shades
Love it.  Axl is clearly whistling with a backing track, but it'd be impossible to pull that off ive every night.
it' s true love :)
Great video quality! What camera did you use?
Welp...... my life is now complete
Wow what's on his waist ??trash bags?? love the group but why the shaggy stuff hanging??? They still sound AWESOME!!
This band sucks.  Axl Rose is a complete tool bag.  And Pink??  WTF?  Real badasses!  Your street cred is gone.
Vc faz um favor em continuar cantando AXL velhas canções Novas emoções. ....♥♥.
Much better than Axl :)
W.A.R LOOKS LIKE SHIT.
Asshole rose
Amazing
Pink can suck my pink balls
greatest front man  ever period! axl rose
Song is very nice.but…Axl is still fatty.
Love it!
She sucks
nice pink uhuu
We Want FINCK NOT PINK !!!
Totally boring till pink arrived
no way thats Axl Rose
How beautiful! !!
She sounds like crap...omg
muito bom
WOW!!!!!!\n\nLove this!
i ship them
She sucks.
Awesome!
P!nk kicks ass! 🤘
Makes scott weiland one even better..someone lock axl up
axl rose changed a lot
Que desastre la gorda
what dreary tripe!
bring BRITNEY....in that song uh..........you r fuckin crazy he he he
megunhatatlan
Fuck yes.
Terrible
So freaking  awesome!!
Mi Dios, sigue con esa sexy voz
👍👍👍👍⚽⚽⚽❗❗❗🙏🙏🙏🌹.
I love how even in low light you can see that Nic has really beautiful and well taken care of skin, not just throwing some moisturizer on like most gurus who sctually have awful skin without their 1000 watt, full coverage and filter trickery.
You look awesome! She is a great visionaire I dare to say... Hope to have them in Argentina soon! X
Can try pony effects make up Korean brand and also j-one jelly pack. Thanks
Oh gosh Nick.....this makeup look screams flowy maxi dress, beach, a tan, and sunnies!! And strangely, it has me craving sorbet! LOL
Am I the only one left that applies makeup with my fingers..for everything?
Your eyes are like flames, so beautiful
Argh I'm still so in two minds about Fenty. I don't understand how some people hate it and some people can make it look amazing!
I wonder if you mix a little moisturizer with the foundation to make a BB cream would it work better?
Please help! I the a slightly oily skin, with fry patches! I just brought some benefit foundation (hello) and it looks lovely when I put it on but going really patchy after an evening out! I like a good coverage but don’t know what else to try! X
How do you keep your skin soooo smooth and youthful?
You should do a review of some of Storybook Cosmetics products!
Can you review the Claudia Schiffer Make Up line as well? :D Thank you!!
This was great Nic, you gave a thorough and fair review. I love that you roadtested the products for a day before. I'd like to see you review Makeup Revolution, I love their gold chocolate bar eyeshadow palette, their double ended eye liner pen and the palette they did with British Beauty Blogger. Thanks. Xx
NARS  would be my pick especially as it relates to dry skin
I love this channel and you girls are amazing, but that contour looks terrible, it's like thick patches of dirt.
Love this review Nic! Really useful. Thanks :) also, may be a really stupid question, but how do you work out your skin tone? I always struggle matching foundation. I don't know if my skin is warm, cool, yellow or pink undertones etc. And different make up stands tell me different things! Thanks xx
Would you review Kevyn Aucoin if you haven't already?
Yes!!! Thank you for being one of the few people who used these products to their full potential. I love that you weren’t limiting the product to one specific use but you used your creativity to use the products the way you wanted. Love this!!
Like that you take the time to play and understand how work the products before you show to us ;)
I have oily skin and this foundation broke me out really badly. I loved the finish and how it wore on my skin but I cannot use it. Does anyone have the same problem with the foundation?
Hi Nic, Thank you for the awesome review. So much hype on this one that it became so confusing... Btw, can I request you for a review of Huda Beauty's new foundation lines? Thanks a lot!
Pray the rosary everyday and quit the vanities of the world, because the world is passing away and the life of the soul is what is everlasting
Pls review hudabeaty cos I feel she’s overhyped. Swatched her palette and it was so disappointing
PLEASE can you guys do a review on THE ORDINARY FOUNDATION & the GLOSSIER  products xxxxxxxx ❤️❤️❤️
love your take on makeup. told myself I wouldn't watch anymore fenty reviews but had to watch yours because I knew you would have a unique stance
Eeeeeeeeeeeek. So jealous jealous jealous. I ,over her products. U look absolutely stunning. I loooooooved the eye makeup.the stick blush kinda thing and  the lip gloss. But all too expensive. But absolutely amazing makeup . Absolutely love u nic. ❤️❤️💕💕💕💋💋💋💋🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰
Love the lipgloss and the eye colours, however am not a huge fan of the base xx
Nic could you do a Fall/Autumn makeup routine video 😙 Love your videos!!
I would love to see a review on Kjaer Weis or RMS Beauty! xx
please review the ordinary serum and coverage foundations!
You girls are beautiful inside & out.
I'm obsessed with this look, stunning make up as always. ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤
Hi Nic - I know you ladies tend to review/use more high end brands (not a criticism) but I was wondering if you would review the Primark range. X
To me the foundation matches your skin tho
I got the gloss and it just looks like clear gloss on me. The pretty color...disappears.😢
honoring the men in makeup too! Thanks Nic so much, this means so much to someone like me. much love from Orlando! xoxo
This is my favorite review of this brand!
one of the most adventurous full fenty beauty looks i've seen! i think the glowy, natural-looking look most people create with these products are lovely, but you really used her products in the versatile way that rihanna wanted. and you did it really well!
Jesus Christ, that’s horrible 😂 She looks absolutely fine, but that over the top makeup is just too much. Sorry guys, but is it just me?
Really like the Brand reviews n seeing all the products used
You should do a review on Jeffree Star cosmetics! The brands Vegan I believe and available on Beauty Bay
I have to be honest, the contour looked very muddy! Maybe it was because of the lighting? Other than that, the cheeks and eyes looked gorgeous
its 2k 17 \ni cant recognize humans any more
Her hairline goes way back like the 1980's
Wasn't she menta shake the foundation first
The lighting was so much better in this video! :)\n\nAlso great review :) x
I wanted to comment on how this has been the best review of the Fenty Beauty line, but everybody has already said it. This is why I've trusted Sam and Nic for years now. Their videos are so informative that they have helped me pick which MAC, Estee Lauder, and Clinique foundations would suit my skin type. Moreover, their reviews are so positive, it's always pleasing to watch them.
I wanted to love the foundation but it sank right into my pores with and without a primer. Good thing I only got a sample.
Would love a review on jefree star products. Thanks x
Best review of Fenty I've seen! Love the unique ways you used the products.
Out of all the Fenty Beauty reviews I have seen... I feel you were the most honest and transparent... but you guys always are.  💟  This was super informative... Thank u.  Well done!!
I have always loved you!!! Been a subscriber to your channel since your PixiCut hair days! But I love more how excited you get when you show in the products that would look great for darker skin. ❤️
Love what you did here 🙌🏼❤️❤️ showing the versatile usage really helped me 😊
I think it's great that you did a full face using the highlighters as eyeshadow! Clever!
Love that you used Trophy Wife as an eyeshadow, and not a highlighter like other light skinned girls have done on Youtube.
Love this look so much!! 👌🏼
Would be great if you did an update skin care video. ☺
Any time you like something I just want to run out and buy it haha! I would love to see you review an affordable brand like Sleek or Nyx please, for those of us who need to rely on cheaper products most of the time...
What colour foundation did you go for Nic?
I love the look you did with it. I haven't seen anyone else use the highlighters as eyeshadow or lipstick
Nic - I'd love to see reviews on all of the upcoming Holiday collections!!!!
I like the way you do makeup - I don't understand contouring the forehead though.  It just looks like everyone has a dirty forehead.  You don't of course.
The foundation made me break out in little red spots (not pimples/active acne, almost like an allergic reaction as opposed to a breakout) but I really liked the way it looks when mixed with a luminous foundation for my dry skin - I used Koh Gen Do Aqua and the two seemed to play nicely together. If anyone's bought the foundation but has dry skin and finds it isn't working but also own a liquidy dewy foundation try mixing the two!
I have really dry skin and the formulas just did not work for me. I got the foundation as soon as it was released because of the color selection. I have a strong yellow undertone that is hard for me to match. The foundation and primer just made my skin look even dryer. I looked like I had more texture then I actually have.
Celebrity make up . I shall pass
Please review Le Mètier de Beautè. I am very curious on your feedback for a high end brand.
Thank you for always including us darker skin girls in your reviews and recommendations.
A video using several Clinique products would be great. I rarely ever see videos with their products included, and I'd love to know which of their non-foundation products are good!
I'd like to see a tutorial on Pat McGrath's new eyeshadow palettes.
Fantastic review Nic! Always enjoy listening to your honest thoughts and loved the look💗
Looks great nic.  Would love your opinion on Glossier.
Would love love love a tarte review
I love that she didn't just gush over Rihanna for being Rihanna. I'd like to try the matchsticks!!
I LOVE the lighting here!! I am so tired of overly bright videos that everyone else does. xx :)
Love you and your videos!! Would love to see you do a Bobbi Brown review xx
Awesome review
love
Best review so far
Do you still use Lilash?
I thought you said 'ginger minge' 😂😂
CT please!!
Best tutorial of fenty beauty. Thanks Nic
that finishing powder.... wow!
Do NYX!!!!!
NARS would be great! Please please!
Please review Milani
Love the lighting
What moisturiser did you use?
37??? you look great!
Your right side looks fantastic!
Please review Dolce & Gabbana makeup! Thank you!
while tension male wbrozx conviction seemingly fish touch start overall.
Great review as always, please can you do NYX thanks xxxx
To me sound very aggressive here, you can speak softer. Feels exhausting to listen sometimes. Still loved the content :-)
This was a fantastic overview--I was laughing at the sheer volume of products that you managed to slap on but it was great to see them all in action!♥
Would love to know what you think about the new Nars Luminous weightless foundation and how best to apply it!
Thank you so very much for this incredibly honest and sincerely brilliant tutorial on Fenty Beauty. As I’m blind due to my MS. This is the 1st & only one I could truly get a feel for what this brand has for me personally. Cheers.
Omg! I looooove this look!
I watched this feeling like I learnt so many new things!
was gutted when you didn't try the urban outfitters dress on :(
I LOVE your makeup! Minimal face makeup and eyes and a bolder lip. Very different than a lot of looks that you rock, but it's perfect and I want to try it!
Really digging the minimal makeup and that you can see some of your beautiful freckles more! Love the vid as always Helen!
Just wanted to comment on how stunning you're looking in this video! xo
Do you ever shop in Pull & Bear? I just imagine a lot of the stuff being things you'd wear!
I can’t find a good pair of jeans anywhere!! I’ve tired topshop Jamie jeans (last 6 months) tried new look (sizing is so bad), asos again sizing issues (always falling down) superdry jeans (too pricey & fake pockets) so any suggestions I’m open too XD.  #help!!!
Turn your black jeans inside out when you wash them to preserve the color!
the TS coat is stunnnnning!! something is different about your makeup and it looks really good.. less foundation!? looks really nice anyway!
Ordered those slouchy tops you love from UO today a rose colour and dark grey cannot wait to try them now I need that button one. Love you xxx
Helen you look stunning in white! 😊
That pink jacket screams Dolores Umbridge 😂 but I love it
Those shoooeees!!!!! 😍  And I love the toned down makeup look!
Loving the simpler make up on you ..so pretty
I've just found you through Megan and I'm SO CHUFFED! You're wonderful! New fan :)
I love your hair with that bow it looks soo cute!
Why didn't she try on the dress?  I wanted to see it :(
Oh my gosh you are soooooooo beautiful ... I love the no makeup look and your hair are on point  🤘💗🎀
you look sooo beautiful! love the minimal makeup look on you!! 🤗💕
Hi Helen ! In what size did you buy the yellow jumper from Zara? Just asking for reference, I like my jumpers to be oversized but not too much 😅😊
looooved your hair and makeup in this video helen! x
Where are your pants from ? The ones with the cow print ? 😊
Primark have jumpers almost the exact same as the one around 5 mins, it's chenille! Th only difference is the neckline
Eeee I have that white jumper with the fluffy sleeves and I adoooree it!! It's so nice on and super comfy 🖤
You look so young and fresh in this video! Would love to see an updated skincare routine, your skin looks amazeballs.
I love the lipstick you're wearing in the cut away!!!!
OMG YOUR MAKE UP LOOKS STUNNING! love love love it!
You have the most beautiful facial bone structure! ❤️ kisses!
Can you consider signing up and selling on Depop please!? LOVE most pieces you wear.
You are literally the girl in me before you. You look and sound the exact same
I dont want to say that i like you way more without much eye makeup or in general makeup, but you LOOK SO GOOD and fresh without heavy makeup! It looks so natural and ..just great! :)
Crazy I never noticed your eye colour before! Must be your makeup today -  😍
You look AMAZING in everything 😍😍😍
That white jumper from Zara looks\namazing on you! Reminds me of Christmas!!!
LOVING LOVING LOVING you in minimal makeup you look so fresh and Parisian!
They do the coat in grey as well - bought it a few weeks ago it's amazing!!
You look so lovely and fresh without lots of eye make up!
You look AMAZING in the cutaways!! I don't know if it's your make up or weight loss but your face just looks incredible, and obvs just love this video because what's not to love 🤙
Makeup looking lovely! Few things will be seeking out this weekend. It's Prince of Wales check, rather than dogtooth or herringbone x
Hel you look so cute and fresh faced in the cutaways where you’re trying the stuff on!
Love your style Helen- so fun which is what fashion should be !
Omg you look so pretty with minimal makeup!!!! ❤
You are so beautiful Helen x
looking so cute with this make up 😍😍 great video Helen 😊❤❤
On the white boots there is a big stud missing ( right side of the screen)
Loveing the makeup! You have beautifull skin and don't need foundation :D
I love the way you manage to make everyday or more casual outfits look really interesting and glam. You have the best style :)
everything about you is perffffff xx
You are so beautiful. Your lashes are just INCREDIBLE.
Helen, how do you like the UO top? I've been eyeing it forever and am on the fence about buying it because I'm plus size so I don't know how well it'd fit me.
Do a video with all your favourite new looks!
Just wanna say how much I love your videos and the effort you put into each of them. Got a little bummed when I didn’t seen “try on” in the title, but alas! You tried things on (I hate when hauls aren’t try ons, you don’t know what things look like!) You never disappoint.
The fact that I can kinda hear the music but not really is making me crazy
OMG, babez, you look so cute today! What is that lipstick you're wearing in the try ons? It looks so beautiful on you! Pls let me know! xx
Always find it weird  I see stuff I already own in hauls
I love this makeup!!!! Like the minimal eye and brighter cheek makes you look like a beautiful doll!!!! Love u <3
You just ooze beauty and are so stunning ☺️ I genuinely dig your whole aesthetic ❤️❤️
ahhhh I’m trying to save money😩😩😩😩😩
I love white boots! I have a pair of white platform ankle boots with a three inch heel, the entire thing made me five inches taller! I wore them to death though and I think they only have about two wears left before they really fall apart!
Where's the jumper ur wearing from? It's amazing
I was watching this intro thinking what have u done different your makeup looks so good and fresh!! Then u said u had hearsay any on 😱 man I wish I looked fresh with no makeup lol
This could've potentially been a very expensive video for me to watch, if I didn't have to shop in the girls/teen section of every store! 😂😂😂
That top at the end went with everything you put on! Love it 😍
Actually loving the lighter makeup on you, looks so fresh! And that white jumper from Zara wowza! XX
i looove the lace up kinda jeans so much!!
As soon as you said that you’ll love this jumper I knew which one it was before it came up, saw it the other day and fell in love 😍😍😍
On the white boots, the right foot has a stud missing.. unsure if you noticed?! 💗💗
I love the fluffy sleeves from Zara - such a statement piece :) xx
I bought a mustard jumper just like that yesterday but in Primark, fucking LOVE it!! So warm and incredibly soft 😍 \nLove, love, love your sense of style! 💞 xx
The v neck on the rusty/mustardy jumper looked really flattering on you, Helen! Really lovely. Love your hauls :) x
Your pink coat YES I'M IN LOVE
You didn't show us you in the yellow dress!!
I absolutely love how mustard colored clothes look with your purple hair 😍
Love love love that you have your own style and that you aren't like all the other you tubers that are carbon copy's of each other. So refreshing 💕💕
Those bright pink trousers look so good on you! I'm loving everything you've gotten in this haul 😊 x
That's a Helen coat 🍉💜 Love the whole haul. Xoxo
Oo I really like those lace-up trousers and that coat!
Helen where is your jumper from?? I lurvvvv it xx
The slight rumbling makes me think of paranormal activity when the bass comes up when crazy shit is about to happen
Yes! Loving the makeup!
rust...mustard....rustard...
Rusty Mustard, Rustard
lol, the outro music!
People watch videos about people buying clothes? Wow.
<------loves pinkelephantday
those trousers from miss selfridge are beautiful :o
You look great
Prefer you makeup here
That coat 😍😍
The jeans with the eyelets looking fricking amazing!!
The 'rusty mustard' jumper material is called chenille 😘
OMG! Finally I found a liverpool youtuber! 👏👏👍
I love your videos especially the hauls.. I love hearing you describe items hahaha, rustardy mustardy :)
Loved this? Where’s the cute blue tie up top from? xoxo
The material is called cheneille I think ? So incredible in jumper form and doesn't get bobbly !
Haha love you girl your lipstick missing in the corner and mascara  all over your eyelid.  No fucks given
I love your style! ❤❤❤
Honestly that mustard velvet jumper is the bomb. I need that for roast dinners and to rub my belly after!!!
Why are British youtubers so spoiled,snobby and self absorbed? Zoella, her bf, this one? And why r they always trending? Is this remotely entertaining?
Pray the rosary everyday and quit the vanities of the world, because the world is passing away and the life of the soul is what is everlasting
I'll play this on loop till the new film comes out.  I don't care Sacred Bones Records buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
That beat is the shit
I could totally see david fincher directing a Halloween movie, Trent Reznor doing the music. John Carpenter executive producer.
sorry meant to add then the piano starts, well spooky
This should be added to the film!
This song is not on the Anthology album??
You know it's Halloween. I guess everyone's entitled to one good scare.
If John Carpenter won't be able to compose the next Halloween film by some chance, have Reznor and Atticus do it, they proved they got the fucking skills for it.
Although this is somewhat non related but call Steven Spielberg and work on Ready Player One 80s integration into a modern scene. You and Atticus would be golden laying tracks for that movie! Great work on Halloween interpretation!
Guuuys, THE BEST HALLOWEEN SHOP that I have ever seen. My son like it so much! Also there is 50% discount and FREE shipping in USA!!!!!!!!!! https://akfd-goods.com
An electrifying version. It has those sweet overpowering NIN (Trent) touches to it, and yet the overall sound and tone remains pure Halloween. Totally does justice to Carpenter’s version.
Ok guys, since when does the swedish chef  makes soundtracks for movies?
Pretty damn amazing. They should use this in the new one.
Not for me I'm afraid. Waited patiently for the beat to kick in at 6:30 and was let down. I like NIN and LOVE the Halloween theme. Unfortunately, this didn't deliver
Reznor and Carpenter? Perfect match!!! And movie next year,that will be super. I´m sure of it.
Is this the oficial theme of the new movie? looks very creepy
Awful. Simply pathetic. They butchered it. Big fan of NIN but this was simply a quick cash in attempt by NIN. Word of advice mr. Reznor: stay away from covering classics and stick to original songs.
*My neighbors threw a rock through my window to the hear this*
I heard the original back when I was 9. Trent is a genius, but nothing can re-capture that terror. I heard John Carpenter came up with it. Talk about talent; he tapped into my fear center when I was a kid. Now; now I'm more worried about insane drivers during my commute. Carelessness is far more terrifying than evil.
This is it. This is the Halloween song I will remember.
Get serious and remix some Silent Hill jams, RezRoss...
Wait.  This is coming out?! Cool!
Oh wow. I love how they stuck to the original then threw in some modern beats. Yes! Love it! Awesome.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This is the best version of this theme, i've ever heard.  Somehow i just KNEW IT WOULD BE.
Trent needs to do In The Mouth of Madness
That Le Matos version tho... (look it up. I can wait)
Sorry, but that first time the piano kicks in is just a piss take.
Haunting version. Love it.
8:30pm alone in school , puts headphones, turns volume all the way up = A little piece of terrror gets proyected in the mind :)
I like how it incorporates rhythms from the piece Myers House from the original soundtrack
pretty sick\nthanks for the upload
Garbage compared to the original
I guess I’m gonna be this guy, but I really don’t like this. The strange pizzicato lead part just rubs me the wrong way; the highest note of each phrase sounds too flat. And most of it’s just “spooky” ambient noise. It ends up sounding like a twisted remix of the original.
Is this for the new film? And is this a reboot?
i approve of this message
This is pretty terrible
Please don't fuck this up!
Hey guys! You guys think yall help me to get me to 500 sub's? I'll be subscribing back to everyone who comments DONE! My channel consists of vlogs, song covers, and my own originals! Enjoy if you choose to do so! 😄
Subscribe to Colin flaherty the truth ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️the FBI numbers are out
Well the film will be rehashed shit but at least we got this out of it.
Meh . I didn’t hate it but I didn’t love it either . It’s just meh
I feel that if done correctly, you can make a genuine horror movie that will make you scream and jump, but with music just like this. I envision that around 2:00 is when we know that Michael is near but we, just as the main character, do not know where, until the second the music hits 2:09 and she sees him and screams but you hear nothing but the song, before she continues to scream and run.
Finally something I can fall asleep too
Who would be the ideal director for the next one?\n\nMy votes either Darren Aronofsky or Nicolas Winding Refn
This Halloween Michael Myers is coming home Laurie Strode is coming home for the very last time to finally  kill Michael Myers once and for all can't wait to see the new Halloween 2018 can't wait
Master of the ambient background noise
Nothing like perfection! Anything Trent touched is a masterpiece....especially when they work together. Fucking love this! Reznor and Atticus forever!🖤🖤🖤🖤
Trent Reznor came thru with the jams this Halloween 🎃
🖖 I'm slowly peeking with one eye.
Amazing additions to a classic! Love it.
350 people do not know genius when they hear it.
Brings back memories
20+ years later and that  parts that starts at 2:10 still makes me shiver. Love it!
So will there be a laurie's theme too? It's my favorite.
The ending part is dope! Should be longer.
I expected more, but this is good.
now this is scary! Love it.
I've been a fan of nine inch nails, have to say this is fuckin awesome!
The blackest eyes, the devil's eyes...
Is this is going to be in the upcoming sequel? I heard that a new Halloween project is coming next year so I'm expecting greater things.
It's $ P 00 K Y  S E A S O N
Anything Trent touches is gold. Perfection
666k views..
Goosebumps!!!
Celldweller did it better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TngwUCypqCk
Michael Myers aka DJ SHAPE
Music begins at 0:42
Brilliant mix
This is good
Needs mo' Busta Rhymes fist fighting Michael 3/10
....Then Metro Boomin hops on the beat lol
Oh no haha
Only scardey cat pussys dislike this
...  No offense,  but,..  Eh 😞
I  love this.
Anthony santos
This actually sounds pretty fucking awesome.
nice music
06:30 Michael Myers starts Head Bangin' 🎸🤔
🤘🇺🇸🤘
*gay*
Whoa.
holy shit awesome
This is amazing.
Awesome!
chills
Great upload. Cool channel.\nNew subscriber.
NUT
melon was right
Yes yes
Divine🎃🎃🎃🎃😍😍😍
BOSS!
Trent Reznor + Halloween = Sex
I'll play this on loop till the new film comes out. I don't care Sacred Bones buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
Hell nah ! \nSo thought this was going to be dope but it’s not that great \nY can’t original shit just be left unduplicated & undisturbed 😒🤔🙄😑
I hope to god this gets used in the new film.
I don't understand why the Halloween theme needs a techno version. But whatever.
Top quality duck content on my channel. Get it while it's hot
Too spooky I had to listen to it with the sound turned off
Em, ive been a fan since 2009 but I like trump and if you dont like it take that fist and cram it up your ass
You people on the Left are just sad ! Can you say Sore Loser's ? Sad ! lol
Wait, is that a Grand National?
It's dope. He stood up and stepped up. Respect Slim Shady.
I respect his talent but it is not a kinda music video hehehe it is like a spoken poetry will full of emotions that can uplift our soul
Damn, he look so different.
give Obama props? for what all the debt that he and the left gave us to make us slaves....truth bro
I got chills and I didn't even want to like it.
Why would Eminem say f*** you to a huge part of his fan base? These are the same fans that supported Shady and his rise to power as the best rapper? How could he alienate so many of these people? Without your fans you aren't anything. A lot of people hate Trump but this was a huge messed up thing to do to someone who has been sticking up for slim shady since day one  and now he wants to say f*** you to these people that were always fans of him.
Fists high America bless up To u shady
I don't get any of this. Didnt Collin take the knee when Obama was president? He was the first to take the knee then and the media blasted him but now everyone wants to jump on board coz it's not Obama's America that is screwing things up. and Eminem is brave for this!?
eminem should join the army
Who is this? This doesn't look or sound like Eminem. It's this mandela effect?
As redman said, Em was making a statement. He coulda came and blacked out with the deadliest rhymes and flow. But he wanted to talk, and make a statement and stand for the people and america. not to impress Hip hop heads and mumble heads.
What i think a lot of folks are missing is the bit about trump flying around till the bombing stops. That’s a direct reference to the Presidential airplane, Air force one. Air Force One can withstan bomb blasts and can refuel while still flying at high altitudes, making possible to stay safe indefinitely during a nuclear war . Just throwing that context out there.
I subbed for the Legendary Eminem
This is by far the worst thing he has done, even though things have been on a clear downward trajectory for years now. Parking lots is where he should rap now.
This one is for collin make a fist and keep that shit balled like donald the bitch best part respect eminem
You better give Obama props for dropping more bombs on innocents than GW.  Eminem baiting Trump is so predictable
Rise up! Right on Eminem, keep it real
I'm with you Eminem
Woah, who would've thought that standing up for others would piss of these righties so badly. Maybe we can just hug them out if existence.
One of my favorites turned into a sheep so sad?
This is why I love Eminem 🔥🔥
He says he wants to lower taxes but who’s gonna pay for his trips family golf and mansions I think is what he said at around 2:25 but uhh did u forget that trumps a billionaire he doesn’t need tax money nibba 😂😂 Eminem wack these days
But Im not a rapper
If you don’t realize why he went against Trump, it’s because Trump is a big thing right now, so he can gain a lot of popularity from this. I support Eminem, good freestyle also.
Eminem has been around for as long as I can remember. It's like he's an immortal (comin through the portal (if u get the reference))
Yup still sounds like a 13 year old...Its like rap and drugs at a young age stunts IQ for life.
eminem came back and he got weird flow now
Eminem is gonna lose a lot if he keeps going The way he's going  Eminem is on Obamas side and Hilary Clinton  side when Donald trump is just doing his job and trying to help people out and not try to control the world like Obama  and Hilary Clinton did so Eminem I'm not a fan anymore you have lost my respect for you and you can take what you said and turn it right back at you because you are disrespectful Eminem you are not the person I thought you were goodbye Eminem 👿💥💣💥💣💥💣💥💣💥💣💥
gross why does he like black people
He couldn't do it against Mariah Carey, now he tries dissing somebody else with insults. I thought he was better but apparently not, he's rich, butthurt and ignorant knowing that Obama deported more than 3 million people back in the day and invaded several countries where now you see ISIS spreading around. Obama signed a nuclear deal with Iran in order to provide a way for them to create a nuclear weapons and this whinning millionaire is supporting that? What about Libya ? Eminem is just another board chip piece of fu* who knows shit about the blessings he's received in comparisson to people in countries where the democrats have devastated lives for so long. I am just so glad I don't like his shitty music no longer. My comment ain't about supporting Trump, but Eminem is just another chess piece, just look at his fancy clothes while he singing about the poverty he's never lived. Just another Miley Cyrus on the way, brainwashed and completely out of place pretending he knows about politics just because he's got an oscar and fans to pay for his shows so he becomes richer. Underground? yeah, his crappy message is buried there already. Get your facts straight white-privileged rap singer in 2016 alone, the Obama administration dropped at least 26,171 bombs quote.... President Obama did reduce the number of US soldiers fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq, but he dramatically expanded the air wars and the use of special operations forces around the globe. In 2016, US special operators could be found in 70% of the world’s nations, 138 countries – a staggering jump of 130% since the days of the Bush administration.   bye and stop pretending you care about socials because you don't and you have made your money out of the same kind of politics Trump is putting over the table.
he said this on BET awards wtf this isn't Eminem this is the lefties...  I really love Eminem and what he has come from and what he made and this is just bull shit ...... speak your mind Eminem...I am the way I am if I wasn't then why would I say I am...  In the paper the news every day I am if I wasn't then why would I say I am...  wtf is this em wtf....
True words from a legend Murder Mitten 💯
He now looks like owen wilson owow
I like this Eminem version better lol https://youtu.be/deciSIve
All you people in the comments sayin it was cringey I'm not gone it was a lil bit but it's not about that. He was trying to grab your attention by intentionally being awkward.
eminem lost his edge. He dont sound as good as he used to
Cringe
Damn😕
Legend 💯🔥
LOL MARCHALL
Rap God
???????????????
192k butthurt trump dickriders
U disliked because I hate censored vids
EMINEM FOR PRESIDENT!!!
Eminem 👑
Eminem you right about trump
beast
Lmfao that was great
You got trump fucked up
Em killed it.
192k people \nare trump supporters
Amen! Cancun mexico loves you.
Hip Hop of 2017=Politics
R.I.P trump !
WHO DISLIKED THIS?????\nWHYYYY
That is Eminem
ah remember back when u used to fight against the system now your on this boobtube committing a sin trying to act like your not from Michigan u fooking dumby which one of those dude's behind you is your honey? calling donald Trump orange but your white so that's funny draw your line in the sand that's so bland that after your gay rap you might not have a single fan i will just stop here becoz your fooking queer. smh haha
Wow, Has eminem had a lot of plastic surgery or botox or something?
Better than that country music concert in Vegas LOL
Eminem you are now officially a hypocrite
Em sit your ass down boi.\nYou are in my top 5 \nAt this moment. \nU bs!\nHow much did bet pay you to dis trump?
Coming from the guy who raps about raping women. I won’t even bother going after any of the inaccuracies, but I will say that that end bit is completely anti freedom of opinion. Also nice PC shots of random black dudes. Also what about the other 3 green berets who died along with him hm? The liberally media seems to just ignore them because they are white. They ALL deserve respect. Oh, and FYI, he never said he wanted to get rid of all the immigrants, or even all the illegal ones. Just the ones involved in illegal activity. That’s IT. IN FACT, he’s attempting to work with the ones already here...however it isn’t exactly healthy for our already in the toilet economy (thanks obama), to constantly be taking in more and more immigrants. Yeah they are people too, but there is ALREADY poverty and unemployment in the US, so before we start worrying about the problems of people in other countries, we ought to look after our own US citizen’s first REGARDLESS of ethnicity or skin tone.
Garbage. I’ve always been an Eminem fan but this is idiotic.
I used to be a big Eminem fan, but the last few years he's proved he's full of ish, he used to be friends with donald trump. Now he hates him? he's becoming less and less relevant these days, because his music isn't good anymore. I get why he made this, look at the press he got from it, it's the popular narrative right now. I wish all the celebs would stay put of politics. smh
all i heard was him heavy breathing
he sound like a robot when he rap wtf LOL
this is terrible em you are 50
As much as I am a fan of Eminem, I have to disagree with him. He might say he stands with the military but the military's job is to execute the orders of the commander in chief and everyone I've met since I've been in has been an avid supporter of President Trump. And the getting rid of all immigrants really is annoying. He wants to get rid of illegal immigration, which happens to be against the law, hence the name. So Eminem, I'm sorry, been a fan forever but this is where I draw the line. Disrespect my president, you disrespect me
Holy shit thats eminem i remembet when he rapped about his daughter
You keep that “f” stuff away from us now we’re not into anything queer, sorry.
against you...... for America
M is an ILLUMINATE puppet.
Crack head crazy Eminem haha, you have really take a turn for the worst, I guess the crack in walking up and down in your vains!!
You love the same military that helped vote him in? Because if your fans who are military are trump supporters you just flipped them off you idiot. Yes a vast majority of the military voted him in. Maybe learn a little bit for you spit half assed freestyles.
That don't look like eminem
Eminem better chill , he gone be the next Colin Kap 😂
Savage of the year goes to Eminem
THE BALLS IN HIS MOUTH GREW OUT PUBIC HAIR ON HIS CHIN!
Eminem you still on drugs you a complete idiot losser
Nuclear holocaust? Trump want nuke jews or what? Did i miss something?
Really what ever happened to u Eminem u used to speak truth now your for lies and all the crimes this is tough times dont be hattin when u got ur daughters to take care of now stop going with satin
Let's thumb up this comment for no reason besides giving it a lot of thumbs up!
Do you really think that Donald Trump gives a sh*t what you think? lol. Yeah he's a douche, but so are you  ;P
Eminem you should start making songs again like if you agree
WTF is this shit?!?
I fucks wit it...
lol
Eminem sucks ass
Sad. So sad.
bro he old
You need white friends bro
What a talentless knob end
faginem
GARBAGE! #MAGA2020🇺🇸❤️
Eminem you're old dude you're simply just not good anymore this freestyle is trash and you're straight using politics to remain relevant
https://youtu.be/hdWT4CipytE\nWrestling fan snaps
Get out the facking club
This man is toxic and half those players don't deserve to wear the shirt
Arsenalfantv and chill anyone??
this old cunt is going to kill me.
WENGER IN
fuck this guy
Xhaka was terrible playing out of position ..giving ball away ..why not play wilshere  instead ? Arsene clearly lost it ..
Lol Donkey! Please stay at Arsenal forever. Laughing stock of the league.
Welbeck just back from injury ..why play him instead of Giroud ?
WENGER-IN
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
First... fuck Wenger
Scandalous decision! Bit like offering you another 2 years then Mr Wenger!
Full of shit. Whining about decisions ... did he see the pen West Brom were denied in the last game? That was what u call a scandalous decision. \n\nArsenal bottled it, deeney came on and it was almost constant Watford bombardment... they hit the post n had other chances too. Deserved win in the end for Watford
Jesus christ just go, every decison you make is a WTFFFFFARE YOUDOING!@#@@#@ decision.
Wenger in
Look aaahhh
Europa League club. Facts. \n\nFeel bad for Wenger. \n\nWas it raining? Ty definitely gonna muster something banterful at another Watford defeat.
Not a penalty terrible decision!!
hmm scandalous decision? We did score twice... and they didn't. Silly Mr Wenger your team is slapdash at best.
All said at exactly 0:10...
i cant listen to him anymore
This man face is horror film scene, worse than hell fire.. fuck off here
Wenger in! Fuck your you modern day football fabs
pack youre bags and fuck off!
Hahahahahahah
Stop the rot, you are the rot. LEAVE!
Specialist in failure
Carlos anceloti is still available
Please please sack wenger. He is clueless. Past his time(15years ago in fact). Im a gooner and glad we lost. We need change and we need it quick
Hahhahahahahahahahahahaha
Bahahahaha! xD
poor man. players are shit! Ozil is overrated. Sanchez thinks he is messi.
Donkey!!!!!
🤣🤣🤣
Excuse after excuse after excuse MAN THE FUCK UP give us the answers we deserve to here we deserved to lose penalty or not
Is this the squad to compete for major honors.....? I don't think so
arsene wenger is too old for this.
*Specialist in failure.*
Wenger Out !!!!!
Spineless...coward
FRAUD
piss off
my honest opinion is if their prices were 50% lower or at least 30% a lot more people would buy them they are all beautiful clothes and i know she not in charge of price... clothes are beautiful tho
Where did she get her dress
I cant be the only one who is thinking where is brett lately?
I will buy them all.......................\nIn my dreams
😍💕
Very beautiful clothes Carly! Too bad it’s freezing cold here in fall and winter 😊
I loveeee it!!! Super proud of you! <3
Where's Brett? Haven't seen him in your Chanel a while
Soooo all the prices are a lot higher than you said???? I was going to get the sweatpants and they're 48 not 35🙄🙄🙄so irritated
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ God has an amazing plan for you!
Make sure you are a frequent gym goer for the collection cause pretty much everything shows your stomach and if it ain't flat it won't be fab
You should have inserted photos for all your clothes, people are more likely to buy if they can get an idea of what it looks like that way, because hangers don't always do clothing justice
So excited for the second drop of your Missguided collection clothing line!
So once these are sold out their gone forever after the second launch?
Whens the next release of product, like what you're wearing right now isn't on the website :(
Carli where did you buy your dress 👗?
The kardashians would love your stuff if only they knew !!!
I would have loved a try on video
I ordered the gray cropped sweatshirt and a little dissapointed in the design... the stitching on the top is so close together that it looks like i have shoulder padding in it, and it does not look flattering :(
I would need a hat to make my track-ir racing videos!! ;) (BTW congrats for your amazing collection, you do a really great work!!)
Where do you wear that in fall? I live in South Dakota.
I want a few of these items but a mom of 4 have to ha e my priorities straight! By the time I have the money I'm sure they will be sold out as each piece is amazing! 😣
Where is her dress from that she is wearing on this video? *-*
i WANT ALL OF IT!!!!!
Thank you SO MUCH for not forgetting about the plus size community!!!!
Will she ever upload twice a week without excuses like before.... :(
Also wish you would do like a fashion show and try some of the stuff on, ovs I know would take forever but take some pics of some of the clothes on you xx
For the holiday collection PLEASE try on all the pieces 🙌🏻🙌🏻 when you made your first clothing line, I think the #1 thing that helped me decide what I wanted to buy was seeing you try on all the pieces. Thank you Carli!!! Can’t wait for the second drop ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Just bought the gold chain bralette shirt for the holidays!! Love you Carli
Everything is gorgeous omg 😍😍 my birthdays is one day after yours, both libras 🤗
Repent and believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. Beauty fades, so does life. Please turn from your sins and live for Christ. God bless you all.
wish you wouldve tried it on
I LOVE EVERYTHING! GREAT JOB!
Carli, I gave myself an early birthday present(s)🎉 I got the silk jacket, silk cargo pants in two colors and set of sweats... I have to tell you: super nice quality of fabric, beautiful styles, reasonable prices and amazing choice of colors- I am 42 and love every piece on me!!! Don’t stop, keep doing and creating more. ❌⭕️
Did y'all really just buy out the entire stock on jean jackets... right in front of my salad?
I wish you would have dropped the whole line at once, i know there is alot of stuff, but i feel like i can't spend my money until i see the rest of the stuff haha (;
I felt so proud when I saw the billboard clip, you are amazing Carli keep sharing your light with the world! #LongTimeSubbie
Hi Carli sorry out of topic question but I just wanted to know u had breakup with ur boyfriend
This girl really does live in a bubble.
The jumpsuit youre wearing.. please make it as a dress and make it red! I need something for NewYears 😂😂
So many beautiful pieces 😫😭 wish I could afford them all but unfortunately I'm broke 😢
This is trending on YT, that's really important,  oh brother.
unnecessary video if you don’t even try the clothes on for your community to see how it looks
Omg I love this collection. Is the body suit your wearing in the collection as well ??
Aaaaah I CANT wait to get a lot of those pieces Carli!!!!!! EVERYTHING was pretty much breathtaking 🙌🙌🙌🙌❤️ YES I've ALWAYS loved your style since the very first time you started I've followed your channel and have been obsessed with the way you dress!! Your style is UNIQUE & I'm in love with it!!! ....KEEP IT UP CARLI, you're amazing and you've beeeeeen doing an AMAZING job 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌 TONS OF LOVE TO YOU from Chicago ❤️‼️ ...and snapchat lol and IG and Twitter! 😂❤️😍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️‼️
I hope you’ve made some plus size in those over 100 pieces
Girl, you should totally do a lookbook!!!
I love the clothing line but I am sad to see that Brett and Carly are not together anymore 😭😭
Absolutely love!  Thanks for adding plus/curvy sizes!
Please do a navy smokey eye... it’s my birthday November 1st and my boyfriend is taking me away the following weekend and I have a navy jumpsuit to wear but no idea for my makeup!!!
I'm waiting for the second launch to come out then i'm 🛍🛍🛍
Damn I just realized how I've completely fallen off interest in this girl like HARD! She used to be my queen but I just like every empire everything does come to an end... obviously people are still showing some love but nothing new here... I'm ready for Carli to get off YouTube and maybe be on tv instead... THAT I'd be interested in
everybody complaining about the line are the ones who can’t pull the pieces off...oops 🙊
You know someones rich when they think wearing something seven times in the past two months is a lot
what is missguided’s sizing like? I’m usually a 0 or 24 for pants but I looked at their size chart and the measurements seemed a little small.
30” Extensions very in right now
Hi Carli! What size you wear on that gold metallic bandeau dress?
What camera do you use ??
Bummed out you didn't try the outfits on... I was looking forward to it
Why are people commenting on her weight? People saying she looks better now that she's gained some weight my gosh that's the same thing as telling someone that they look better now that they've lost weight. Idk. People come in different sizes, shapes, colors etc etc..why do these things always have to get pointed out? There's hardly no acceptance anymore. This world is doomed :\
I wish this collection would be more classic and chic.. 😔
Carli!! Where are the boots from that you are wearing with the sporty blue dress?
This is very specific but the silver top looks exactly like the one Jenny from Forest Gump wore when she’s about to commit suicide...
In your next collection video, could you cut to clips of you wearing them? It really helps to see things on in motion 😊
so cute!  Can't wait for your holiday drop 2.
Who is this disturbing plastic faced woman ?
I love how these pieces are toned done colors
Very unoriginal..seen most of these styles on Kim K.. you slowly trying to morph into her!
Ok butt are you and Bret not\nTogether anymore?????
Where’s Brett? We haven’t seen him in your social media
Am I the only nosy one that’s wondering if her and Brett are still together?🤔🤷‍♀️😢
Everything kim Kardashian inspired so it’s not you’re style hun ,I think they are expensive for being misguided because the material it’s always the same kinda cheap material so should’ve been less expensive! Don’t get me wrong I love every piece but none it’s original !
CARLI- launch pink & black ( feature a baby pink hue, all over silver diamante embellishment) cycling shorts in opaque 💕 not sheer
At first I didn't like most of the collection but after watching this again I kind of get it now. I guess she made glamorous holiday outfits for every personality wether you like to be flashy, a little more conservative, or low key
IS THIS A DUDE I GOT 2 ASK NOWADAYS
Every piece is so gorgeous Carli! You are the best ❤️🙌🏻🙌🏻
Honestly I would have liked if u tried them on so I can see like a. Reference
You're so gorgeous 💓
she  looks like a kardashian :)
You look like Kim Kardashian
Is this Kim kardashian? Wtf..
BettyElmer
Main country wire bkssld crop inquiry stuff treaty avoid honor judicial
Congratulations Carli! You absolutely deserve it! ✨
You're littleral body shape goals
Ill pass thanks anyway 😚
The best 😻😸😸😸
CARLI where is Brett \n? 😐
Congrats on your success Carli.
Omg this whole collection.. wowww
YOU LOOK AMAZINGGGG!!!
Happy birthday Carli
She look like KimK
Her hips are much bigger
Do porn
The prices are not the same that you are claiming. The sparkly booties were supposed to be 80 now they’re 95 and they don’t look the same on the website. Kinda disappointed....
That sandal is not 80 it’s 95
i bought some stuff but i checked on the website and the prices went up!
I know im late but im defiantly gonna make my mom buy me some of this stuff, btw her birthdayvwas the same day as Gucci Mane and Key Kior
I’m starting to think everybody in these comments work at McDonald’s cause how can y’all NOT afford $30 shirts and $35 pants???? Get a real job and stop complaining about the price!! But if it was Kylie Jenner y’all wouldn’t have that same energy 😒
Michy isn't a premiership player we are playing as a mid table side
Bakayoko was the best player. Michy was the worst. And there were some people who said they prefered that formation over the false 9...
Dont play Cahill for Ffs i said in my line u play C.Ap A.c Rud \nPlay david in mid we were so rubbish its unbelievable honest why did we not keep the ball bats had his chance i would have played Ped from the starts instead of William our team needs to do some much hard core training we playes a team that have a game since the start . The 2nd goal wtf wtf wtf come on he runs past u and score . Please we need to play A.C Rud at the bk . We have serious need of players . Simple
think we should concentrate on europe, man city are looking on another level this year.....
Just a shit day. Big players like Hazard, Azpi who are consistently brilliant were completely out of it today. It's clear to see why Michy isn't rated by Conte. We've got Tammy banging them in for Swansea, infinitely better than Michy who imo plays better with a second striker. No Kante, no Drinkwater, no Morata, Moses goes off, just a shit day. Happens. Conte should rotate? With what?\n Hasn't got the players or quality to rotate. We move on and we put it right asap. COME ON CHELSEA!
Sophie here! Apologies I meant David Luiz back from suspension not injury! Besides this, I do feel our title hopes are unfortunately over. Our rivals are displaying much better performances. Thoughts??
Things that went wrong for me. Willan ,Alonso,michy. No quality in backup. Board didn't back Conte he was calling for it all summer. Probably a cup top 8 or top 4 in champions league and see pep take the league when we could have build on a winning season
Stunning Sophie would love to tie you to that bed and do torturous things to you~ \n\nOut title race is over, Hazard will leave for Madrid because of Willian's wankstain ability.\n\nCahil still starts, Christiensen dropped for no reason. \n\nConte still the stubborn old bag he is. Michi needs to fuck off the Twitter merchant cunt.
The Kante rumour was meant to trigger you guys. Kante wouldn't get in to that PSG midfield.
Hazard is not a world class player..
I noticed on a football stream the commentator mention that we are at the exact  same stage for points, goals, etc as we were at exactly the same stage as last season. Interesting...
Its not the end of the season just yet and just like last season chelsea will start winning their games and get more points 2 win the league . 4 this season , I think Chelsea might become first and do what they did last season
I can definitely see you Sophie 💦💦
This always happens with Chelsea. Those who run the club run it like a business so they do not invest to maintain the momentum. The root problem is at the top with the board who in turn have to do what the Russian Oligarch says. The incompetence at board level is breath-taking. They do not get behind the manager at Chelsea by investing. You can win the Champions League or the title at Chelsea and still get the sack....that is a dictatorship that demands success yesterday. And yet despite being a business rather than a football club, they can't even run a frigging business properly. The Mancs and the North London lot must be having a right laugh. Mourinho must be so very relieved to have moved on from this Chelsea board. They want success quickly that's why the youth team will never get established in the first team. It gets so very weary and exasperating supporting Chelsea which I have done for nearly 50 years. I knew of the 31 August deadline day that the inexcusable indifference of the Chelsea board to reward Conte for the title was a sign that the lack of depth would mean yet another exasperating season after winning the title. No loyalty to managers from the board, no heart, no steel, no true leaders. And to think some people think they will have a right good go at the Champions League.... It's helpful to not hope too much from Chelsea and why? Because they NEVER LEARN from their mistakes. In the real world those board members would have been sacked long ago. But not at a Business run farce like farce like this lot.  Have something else substantial in your life apart from Chelsea Sophie is my advice.
its about time tammy abraham next season should be first team regular next year man on form in swansea he should play with alvaro mrata week in week out charly musonda shold be given more time
As a city fan I was felling like this when we lost at Leicester and Everton so really Chelsea fans welcome to reality I'm enjoying heaven with city. Secondly best was fabregas and worst Mr invisible hazard
You  are better pundit than some at Sky sports, keep it up . Chelsea will come back
batshuay out. call Tammy Abraham, Even if he is not going to score but he has good movement than Batshuay. I hate Batshuay
Michy isn't as good as other strikers. He doesn't make runs or give defenders a hard time. It was his time to shine but he never. Now I understand why conte doesn't rate him. Just a shitty day but I hope we bounce back against Roma.
the problem with chelsea is your overconfident conte prick! you shouldnt change your winning comibination be it any sport! the guy let costa, matic leave who were key players for you the last time so it shouldnt be a shock to you!
Conte didn't even  commit long-term to Chelsea and he was allowed to get away with offloading Costa, our top goal scorer, one of the best in the PL. Now we're seeing the effect of that. Chelsea is done for now and the next 2 years, we won't win anything. Conte will not attract any top player with this attitude.
Bakayoko and fabregas were the only players showing any real passion but weren't good enough like the rest of the squad. Cahill needs to be dropped completely we have 2 centre backs on the bench who are better and have passion. Willian isn't the same player he used to be which is a concern as he has been so good in the past. Zappacosta looked good when he came on. If we are that desperate for a striker then we should recall Abraham? He needs to work alongside people like Morata to show quality. Simply not good enough.
i don't think you can retain your title. top four/cup is the best for you, but even if conte is not at fault, he would get the sack if he doesn't do much this season. that said, he IS at fault for you lot, sicne he's got shit tactically wrong.
If we still have Costa and Matic in that match .............
Best performance was Cahill , worst was azpilicueta , all the rest were awful
Conte of late is making a habit picking the wrong squad....cahill,willian keep strolling into the team when they are clearly out of form.....rudiger,pedro,christinsen keep warming the bench...why??something is going on behind the scenes and conte needs to sort out the issue.
Conte needs to just fucking get over it. work with what u got. we still have enough in our squad to beat a shit side like Palace. He needs to get he head in it because he is obviously distracted by something.
Can someone tell this chick that its not about the selection its about the whole team... We needed reinforcements in the summer.. Maybe Cahil shouldn't start but having Willian and Alonso with no replacement... Michy aint a  footballer!! \nAnyone that thinks Michy is by any chance better than Arsenal's Yaya Sanogo then you're deluded!!!\nI don't know why i'm commenting here...fuck this shit hahaha!
Not only were Chelsea the first team to concede to the one of the worst premier league teams ever (not scoring for 7 games straight, losing all) but they also lost to that team.\n\nWow....
I think Tammy Abraham is better than Michy. 4 Epl goals in 5 game is absolutely good talent.  We need to back him because off we need him.
we'll be okay against Roma
Unless Man City do an Arsenal and crumble spectacularly towards end of season, then the title is surely theirs.. This Chelsea squad isn't as good as last years. Sell Matic get Drinkwater?! Transfer window was a joke, Morata is good but he's just one player. We're gonna be fighting for a top four place for sure!\nStill early days, gonna reserve full judgement until around November. Echo other comments would like top four finish with stronger emphasis on Champs league.
Babe shows us some cleavage when Chelsea looses as it will at least help a bit
Oh Conte's a little bit rubbish now.. Just go do one Sophie ffs
Hellooo gorgeous, u look healthier than the previous video..I think baka n ces should not play together.. agree w/ u Rudi, Andreas n Azpi as the back three.. and why Willian Conte????
Please popularise this comment to conte. Some improvements: buy aubameyang to play him up front with Morata. Also, get Sanchez. His skill works amazing with hazard and pedro and Willian. Imagine that. Sanchez. Aubameyang. We have the money! Cmon conte!!!!!
Yeah, concentrate on CL That'll help.......
Can u dress like u did in soccer am
Well firstly Rory never has a clue! Didn’t see the match today first one missed in ages , I do agree we won’t win the league. Man City will easily but we should try and at least push for 2nd or 3rd
We need Jamie Vardy pay the 40 or 50m
Got a phone number ?
It’s funny coz I was getting clothes for my holiday and there was a palace supporter severing me and I was like I think palace will win as a joke and he was like nah Chelsea will smash us and here we, I was right even though I didn’t want to be 😂
Drinking water,)\nToday in Liverpool vs man United\n one  player\n he looks like a big STARS on the making.. unbelievable \n.. 11..⏳👌👏
Batshuayi looses the ball so easily, he just can't hold up the ball. On top of that many players underperformed today ( don't want to pin point them ). Yes after this game the title hopes are realistically over, unless we pull off something great.
really dislike michy as a player
4 min in and your analysis is....what is it exactly? You are not consistent and you are too emotional. I will chalk it up to thinking with you heart. \n\nGive credit to Palace and the position they were in. They don’t want to break the record for worst start to a season. Zaha has always given us problems and was running riot on Cahill and Alonso. Townsend and C are quality and the ball and luck was with them. \n\nChelsea was looking forward to midweek obviously. The analysis is quite easy for an educated footballer/supporter. I know you have it in you. \nI recommend writing up some outline notes and maybe watch highlights to refresh you memory. I support  you and your Channel and I love you as a fellow fan...and of course dem tig-o-bittties heheh 😏\n\n#COYB
Sophie babes I wish u was mine so peng 😍❤️
I want to see only two things this season, and you know it...
Sophie is class,speaks a lot of sense. - Manchester Utd fan.
Fabregas was world class that match, it's a shame he was the only one who was half decent though. Even Bakayoko was average because, apart from his goal, his performance was sub par. I still have faith in Conte to bring us back into the title race however. COYB
Everyone was just bad, no one did any good.....
This season is all about the Champions League. If we finished 4th, that would be fine considering our injuries and lack of depth for now. Roman is all about the CL and unless we take points from Roma, it's going to be ugly. If we don't make the round of 16, the season may be the Mourinho year we didn't think possible. Would back-to-back losses to Roma be the end of Conte? He looked pretty angry in the post-match press conference. Too bad there's not an October window.\n\nMitchy showed what no one is willing to say, and that is he doesn't actually create anything and he's scored his goals almost accidentally. Better as a sub when nothing else is working. I wasn't surprised to see Musonda. I expect to see him play v. Roma, even if Conte says Morata will play.
You are going to be very happy I suppose when Conte leaves !! Mitchy suuuuuucksssss
I hope you manage to decipher that I am a real Chelsea Fan amongst the idiots in this comments section, born and raised Chelsea Wharf and Worlds End.\n\n1.What's the big crisis? We lost to the current premiership leaders 1-0, and lets be honest they have been killing all the competition 4-0, 5-0, 7-0 etc.\n\n2. Palace away , who lets not forget are great going forward.\n\n3.A depleted squad with an own goal to boot.\n\n4.INTERNATIONAL duty meant players got injured and fatigued.\n\nCmon you Blues!!
I want to be with you in your flat Sophie
clickbait
I've seen your tits😳
Embarrassing...nothing more to say.
Llorente didn't want to join Chelsea, prefered Tottenham anyway.
Highlights | Live Match Review?
😍😘😗😙😑
Bring back Tammy, play Christensen, Rudiger, Azpi! :(
Hazard was terrible
who's zara?
except bakayoko nobody was good without kante
Title hopes are gone :(
Best - Zappacosta Worst - Luiz
You missed MATIC !
Fuck u guys
Poor game
Tammy Abrahams to be recalled?
bring back tammy ffs
Ur so beautiful baby girl
I fking called it.. if rorey stops doing those 5 reasons that we smash crystal palace and such bullshit and jinx the damn team always against these minnows it would be appreciated. lol
Now you see why Michi should not start.
Yes Sophie we had an arguement few days ago about  this game, as we all worried  about it, as we all can smell problems in our team. Palace is not an average team, they are loaded with some very good players and a very good coach. Zaha  is probably better than most of the Chelsea attackers, and Townshend is a better  winger than any Chelsea's wingers. Conte is very upset, very angry and probably will not sleep for a few nights. he knows he made mistakes, and he is a very good learner. Let's hope  he will do his homework well. Problem is not just a debt. We have now 4!!!! injured players and at least  2-3  completely  out of form. We do have Musonda and we do have Kennedy. maybe Conte should  give these two  a fair chance
The Atletico was one of my favourite performances ever from us, we actually attacked. City was back to normal, just trying to sit back and defend, and a poor team choice from Conte, then this game was just embarrassing, we had players missing but still.
Truth. Conte is rigid. Christensen can play on the LCB.\nTruth. Trust a woman's intuition, Rory. Your positivity is on plastic levels.\n\nBest performance is Cesc. Worst is the whole team.\n\nNo chance of League. Don't dream of Cups (except Sophie's). Conte's record in cup competition is abysmal.
can we play you every week......and didnt we beat you last season......get over it
You just got beat by the *CRYSTAL PALACE* football club, formed in *1861* then founded in *1905*
We are missing a leader up front, which is Costa.
Wahey! Hahahaha fucking palace the Geordie's will show you's southern cunts how it's done next week!
Let's be honest.  Conte is going to leave. The board are clearly pissing him off and it's effecting the team.  Not contes fault.  Fuck the board
I tried to troll Chelsea but then realize we have just lost 2-1 to  Watford
Chelshit
The difference between us and the Manchester clubs are why we are not as good as them, our squad is just as good, if not better, but we mess up against teams like this, and when we do win we sit back and defend when the Manchester clubs go to destroy every team. We need to play like we did against Atletico every game, we need to stop this sitting back game plan now.
I only hope Christensen goes to a better team that will value him, why on earth are we not playing a class young CB who will be the best defender in the world.
fuck off   chelsea
Exchange batshuayi for Zaha in January
Hazard is inconsistent for us but for Belgium he bangs in goals all day long
We will still win the league
Ok I'm going to say it as a female....Anna's boobs look great. As well as her hair.
Crazy to think Anna is only 3 years older than me and she’s got her whole life sorted out. I don’t even have a boyfriend/husband 😭😂
She really reminds me of Erica in this video
post-partum depression doesn't have to happen later on.
I've been watching your videos since Eduardo and it's amazing to see how much you've grown! Thanks for keeping us updated. Love hearing from you xo
Anna's eyes are amazing 😍
hahaha the good lads story cracked me up!
LOOOVE your hair. The colour and style is length looks amazing. I think we need a new how to curl your hair tutorial 😁
Hey! Great video :) what brand t shirt are you wearing? You always have the loveliest v necks and I need one!
I’m getting JLo vibes in this vlog I get what Johnathan means now!!!!
You look a lot like Jennifer Lopez in this video xx
love you so much!! how about an updated grocery haul?
Glad your back, you are a great inspiration
You are so gorgeous Anna, I love to see your vlog🤗😘
I have missed these so much!\nYour answer for the messy home I literally re-watched twice...I have three young children & completely relate to that. THANK YOU so much for that.
Great video. Loved it
So glad you've found yourself again. Be comfortable in your own skin Anna because you truly are an inspiration to others. Keep up the brilliant work as a human and a mother x
who is this beauty trending on Youtube???Who is this milk of magnesia? What does she want with me?
I just want to thank you and Jonathan for choosing to document so much of your lives with us. I cannot express the love and joy you bring to me and all your fans every single day. You are just so raw and real it's refreshing. I hope more people become like you, don't listen to haters there just the scum of the earth. Little low lifes who want nothing more than to be where you are xx
Anna your eye makeup looks so nice xxxx
Please do a video on how you're not going to do videos any more. That would be great.
You are so pretty and I wish I could meet you and the others ❤
Who is the youngest viewer
How cool would it be if Jonathan would let the camera film Emilia and Edouardo interacting with Alessia when they know you're not watching them.\nLove u guys<3
Omg you want a 4th baby?? 😍❤️
really love your hair here!
Let me be your 400th dislike...
The Rumors that Anna had plastic surgery is bullsh**.  \n\nPeople will do anything to tear down Anna and Jonathan.  Anna is a natural beauty but people can’t believe it.  \n\nThe fact that the Sacconejoly are so drop dead gorgeous family intimidates people.   \n\nPeople need to look deep down inside them-self to wonder what is wrong with them.
Did she say: she has 3 and wants another.😭\n👧👴👶👶
You really looks stunning, looks so happy and amazing! 😍 I have never thought about this before but you look like Jennifer Lopez, love love love your hairstyle and the color 😍 keep up the good work Anna! ☺️💕 love from Sweden
What's this channel all about?? Kids?? 🤔😁
Going to show this video to my hairdresser cause I need this hair color!!! Its beautiful!
Who cares
Are this the person True geordie is talkin about
I love you so much Anna, you are incredible 💗so beautiful 💕✨🌸☁️💗xoxo
Your whole bit about how you deal w keeping a tidy home made me cry 😢 thank you! That is such a good way to look at/deal with it 💞💞💞💞 xoxo
A lovely video Anna I really enjoyed watching it :):) :):)
Wow u look so much like j lo there
Wait, Anna's only 29?!  Huh!
I'm half Italian and my siblings and I all have French names! So does my mum!
You start to look like JLO 😊
Your eye makeup is stunning !😍x
I love the name Alessia :)
Rumours?! Clearly I’ve been blind to everything...
can anyone tell me how to open up description/info box on desktop with the new YT interface? :(
Francesca is my middle name. Also a family name. ❤️
Aw Anna! You're such a lovely lady! I love watching your videos!!
Does anyone know the song at the end?
Do you walk all the dogs at the same time? Id like to see that in a vlog :D
I love your hair in this video! You look stunning xx
U have a brother? Never saw him
I think people think you have had plastic surgery because you look so different from when you guys first started vlogging. Your makeup is drastically different, the dark eye color and orange hair made you look older. People change, you can change your makeup and hair color and look completly different.
I totally agree with not worrying so much about having the house neat and spotless and worry about spending time with my daughters.
😂😂 omg your response to plastic surgery, “we daily vlog” like hello people, she couldn’t hide facial surgery if she’s vlogging everyday. Haha! You look beautiful, so proud of you being so real and honest
Your long hair makes you look so much younger omg !!!!
Annnaaaa! So nice to have an update. Ignore the silliness of people talking about you having had 'work'. They are just in disbelief that you are such a beautiful woman. Keep on doing you. Watching you guys from here in Uganda. Have a lovely week xoxoxo
Hello Anna! Have you ever heard the name Audra? We chose that name for our first girl and just love it. Thought of you when you were talking about A names. Plus you can really use a tongue roll with it. Haha.
Anna, you’re so beautiful, I’ve been following you for 5yrs now and you get better with age x
Anna and I are literally the same person 😊♥️
You look absolutely amazing!!  😍💋❤
Anna, you are just gorgeous, and so sweet and real--so happy for you and your sweet family!!  💕 Lisa
Anna, thanks for sharing your Q&A! I always enjoy your chats. The story about Emilia and Eduardo was so funny. 😃 Never a dull moment with kids! BTW, you look so beautiful, and I love your hair! 💖💖
She has a bit of a irish accent am i right??
Hi Anna, thanks for sharing a little tidbit of yourself. I wonder what Emelia & Eduardo’s newest adventure code will be..lol.. Just wait till they get Alessia involved when she grows up..lolI don’t have Snapchat or Instagram so thanks for sharing this vlog. You&your family are lovely. Take care & see ya : )
okay
Girl, you look so gorgeous! Like a greek goddess! Is it creepy if I say your curves look fabulous?
Seeing her childern with that pout I believe she has not done any lip job 😘😍
You have Grown into Such a Wonderful Lady.. So many Changes Anna, in you Attitude and Really matured beautifully.,💖💖
Could you PLEASE share some insights on having a family in the spotlight, like especially because you are mainly social media based. How do you protect them? Do you get threats? Could you be real about your struggles? For all the moms thinking about blogging but torn about how much exposure to give their children? Any advise?
Would love you to do a skin care and/or hair care routine video!!
I’m i the only one who thinks she looks like Jennifer Lopez?
Hi Anna so glad u came back and you don't have to explain yourself to us and love u see u guys in Glasgow
👍So happy your back Anna😗
I think people forget that Anna is still only 29 and also is natural beautiful. Not every body needs or wants Botox!
Literally made me feel 100 times better today. I have two kids one is a month old and the other 3 and she has the worse cold. No washing done and no cleaning I feel so guilty but seeing this made me feel so much better
You're so sweet, Anna :-)
Love this video so much😍😍Well done Anna😘😘
U look beautiful
You look stunning Anna 😀
Love this video <3
YAY
Anna your hair looks incredible😍
Tits
Oh pls stfup 😴
Halloween 🎃 House Tour?😍
U look beautiful
Rock On !!!!!!!
Great video x
love your video anna
You are stunning
The earrings trap story was the funniest!! 😂 looking gorgeous Anna 💕
You're so stunning Anna!
So gorgeous Anna😘X
Alessia sounds like a name my 4 year old would make up during playtime.
Looking at the bottom half of the video
I think it is a bit unfair how all their names are to do with Anna's side of the family but not Jonathan's
How do u afford 3 kids while UK is so expensive and you want a fourth one hehehehehehe
No cos you said we only film a few bits a day. Your cheeks are huge . Liar
Had no idea Anna had a brother?!
Funny how when you talk about plastic surgery you say you didn't get your lips filled or Botox but you don't talk about the things you DID get done because that would be outright lying.  Anyone who used to know you (wink wink) knows you got your nose and your boobs done.
Fuck you fuck boy.  Eminem is a shitty rapper, this rap was shit and you apparently are a litter box of a person.   Fucking tool
Right now I want an Eminem rap-metal album
Eminem actually has a Zac De La Rocha flow on this
You convinced me that 2017 RATM need Em not Zack. lol
this gonna be the anthem  for the resistance
Ahh, I smell the tears of Trumpflakes on the breeze.
You are still the best mash-upper od the world!
I got banned 4 times from Facebook this year for talking shit to Trump fuckbois, it's almost as if they need a safespaces or something, fucking snowflakes.
Fuck yeah!
FUCK YEAH!!! 👊
This shit slaps
OMFG yes. God damn.
Look guys, Trump and his supporters have it really rough right now, and I don't think it's fair to keep making fun of them.  Sure, they've made some mistakes: their entire party is being swarmed by white nationalists and neo-nazis, the Russian collusion investigation is gaining steam every day, Trump is constantly saying and doing things that are either hypocritically stupid or patently false, their healthcare has been sabotaged, they're mentally gearing up for Twitter-ignited war with North Korea, they're convinced a Muslim terrorist is hiding behind every corner, their country is constantly losing political clout with its allies, they've been inundated with both domestic and and foreign propaganda campaigns, they're being mocked by the entire world, and not a single thing has gone right for them since Hillary lost the election.  Not to mention the fact that Hillary still isn't in prison, the Wall still hasn't secured funding, the swamp is still full, the job market in rural America is still falling, the plan to defeat ISIS still hasn't materialized, and America still hasn't become any greater than is was last year.  Everything they've been promised has been a lie.\n\nWe should take pity on these poor, dumb souls who are so invested in the Trump presidency they would rather die in nuclear hellfire than admit their leader is not doing a good job.
This works almost too well together. Eminem, one of the greatest rappers of all time, mixed with Rage Against The Machine, one of the greatest metal bands of all time. I LOVE IT!!!
This is an Anthem....Well done...this is going to break the internet...
no one needs trump, no one needs eminem...but most of all no one needs profits of rage. we just need ratm...
It felt really awkward without a beat, so yeah, this is fucking gold.
How phucked are we when Eminem has a higher moral compass than our president?!? LOL
Omg two of the best mashed up!! Miss RATM but love that the message can be sent with music!!
I have to say it's nice mash up. I really like Eminem and RATM <3
this is hard and u kno it
This is amazing bro. Nice job. Rage and Em should collab on Ems new album coming out
OMG make this happen for real love RATM and Eminem!!! Prophets of Rage also very good tho, but if they get new vocals Eminem should be the replacement.
You know, I was skeptical of how good this was gonna be. But damn. That's a pretty legit mash up.
Donny's bitches are salty about a freestyle by a reportedly irrelevant rapper.
Holy shit this is amazing. Well fucking done.
i luv u all, thanks o/
Awesome! A rarity that a mash up actually works!
This is such a smart mix. Loved it.
Sounds a lot better than the new prophets of rage album
This is fucking great
This is fucking great!
love during the choruses you can hear faint glimpses of a zack de la rocha sound alike as backing vocals
That was fucking awesome. I don't know how you got Zack's voice to overlay with Em's but that was fantastic.
this is awesome work. although i dont agree with eminens rant...hes targeting the wrong person...its not trump, its the whole government system - trump is just the logo these next few years - but the work in this mashup is freaking excellent! well done
Rage is the best Eminem is nothing without rage. Rage is god, rage is life. Zach is god
This is sick!!!!\nEminem and RATM doesn't get much better!\nThe resistance starts now!
When I first heard Eminem’s freestyle, I was like “Eh, that was okay I guess.” This mashup with Bulls On Parade enhanced by a million times. And I loved the quick Macho Man cameo.
This was uploaded on my birthday. Thanks for the amazing present, DJ Cummerbund!!!
Some billionaires know pretty well how to earn big money and fame easily with social anger. Easy money. I admire it.
FUCK YOU, I WON'T DO WHAT YOU TELL ME!
Trump yards get upset so easily like little  babies
Any way to download this?
This turned Em's trash ass cypher into hot fire. I disagree with what he said but I more disagree with people shouting it was great just because he shit talked Trump. Awesome job.
This needs to be an MP3 so I blast this down the road driving
If only I had more likes to give. You’re absolutely killing it man. Great backing track for this powerful poetry.
This makes me wanna hear an actual Eminem and RATM collab album
In the words of the great macho man... ooooooohh yeaaaahhhh
People won't like you for this, I'm sure. Fuck them, this is great on every level.
Eminem against the trump
Dope shit !!! Hottest remix
(Ft. Macho Man Randy Savage) 😂😂
this dope man f**k trump
most dope~!
fucking epic !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is amazing
73 people can fuck thenselves along with drumph
Perfect ! Great job!
Bla bla bla
great mix
This is amazing
This sounds fucking great
LOVE IT! 🤘
f* dope!
pure shit
Shit mash up
epic!
Fantastic
fuckin amazing sync dammmmm
randy savage clap clap clap clap clap
On repeat! ❤️🤘
Man, this shit is FIIIRE
damn great job!!!
WOW!!
BRILLIANT
just awesome! i love RatM
Don't agree with Eminem's bullshit, but this mashup is awesome!
it's honestly the perfect mashup. fuck the haters.
Trump just ordered the release of JFK assassination files. I grew up on RATM & Cypress Hill. Prophets of Rage still have a lot to prove to me. Not talking musically. Why did B-Real throw up devil horns at end of press conference. Why isn't Zach (undeniable passion for waking people) NOT connected to this band? Their name could mean profits on people's rage. Their album was so highly anticipated to me. But overall the lyrics are light weight, and it is repetitive. Prodigy's CD, Hegelian Dialectic (Book of Revelation), you know, the one he died for; spoke of steps of direct action. What to vote on. How to rise up. Having the courage and will to stand in front of tanks like Tiananmen Square. Eminems freestyle was nothing more than a liberal b!tch fest.\nI don't stand on the left or right. I feel like Trump is a racist xenophobic  misogynist. I am of Mexican & Native American decent. And my grandmothers were two of the most important and strongest people in my life. So knocking race and women doesn't slide with me. So F em in that way. ON THE OTHER HAND he may be trying to end chemtrails, he is calling for release of JFK footage, he isn't with the illuminated ones. And put it this way Jewish bankers f'n hate him. So in some ways he is a necessary evil for our F'd up society. But this Eminem type propaganda is telling us to hate everything he does without question. WTF? Question everything. Remember that?
Making a difference, one Oh yeah! at a time
The freestyle was alright.   \n\nBut your mash up with RATM?\n\n\n\n\nGod status.    \n\nSubscribed, hands down.  Keep this stuff pumping out DJ Cummberbund!
So how do you get this to be a trans-atlantic number 1?
Wow this is one of the best mashup songs I have ever heard!
My favorite part is that you all have offered such compelling arguments... i may have changed my mind.    \n\n\n\nNope, youre all still fucking morons for liking emeinem and the inability to articulate a real counter argument or stance.
This is mix   eminem and rage agains the machine
What is that at the end? Randy Savage rapping? XD
I LOVE ❤️ this so much!! Once again thank you!! Incredible job. EMINEM AND RAGE ARE THE BOMB! SAYING DONALD THE BITCH FEELS SO GOOD I AM ADDICTED!! This trending why ARENT there more views maybe the RUSSIANS ARE HACKING THIS! THEY ARE TRYING TO STOP THE MOVEMENT WITH  45!! Just a guy feeling.
The upcoming civil war is gonna have some banging music
Democrats can get it too!
I'm all for anti trump slogans, but fuck Eminem. Stop ruining one of my favourite bands for me. Fuck this made my ears bleed. Fucking awful shit!
great job homie
Great job on mixing these, it's perfect !!!
gay like eminem
Fuck Eminem and whoever made this garbage.
This is so wack I've just eaten out my own butt crack with a bad back, \nAnd thats a fact,  so why fuck up a great track? \nI mean as if this twat could compete with the great Zack.
2:02 listen carefully, you guys could recognize Zack’s voice flowing along Em. This is insane!!!
I like the original better: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LunHybOKIjU&t=1\nEminem has more passion, this remix is a joke.
Can you do another mix with Crowder's version? Pleeaase?\nhttps://youtu.be/NrdT1rEO54c
You realize he was saying hate trump not hey trump?
Eminem really fucking sucks shitty rapper now he's going to follow everybody else because he's a sheep and plus he has no more rap rap music to make so he's got to make fun of trump like everybody else in the world cuz he's a sheep he's a a follower if I was Trump I would just leave  and leave other countries  destroy this country like North Korea. What why should I help the people of this country everybody hates them everybody disrespects their president and they don't know shit about him because half of the country is brainwashed.
Reminds me of my husband on our wedding day, I cried too.
Should’ve disabled comments
The kid looks so confused.
This is the one time that I approve disabling comments
This is so sweet :,)
n'awww adorable
When the waiter finally comes with my food
Is that Rochelle's son Jordan?
i'd like to see this guy on a game show
I wish I had a boyfriend who would look at me like that
I want to be this in love...
Lovely video but just you wait and he will find she was boinking the best man all along because he too emotional lmao
Beautiful 💗
He's crying because he can't get a refund on that atrocious singer they hired.
I cried too, but I was crying because i thought my life is over I’m officially her prisoner 😂
he's crying because he knows that tonight he's gonna have to stick his dick in that hippo
Black bitch
Black people are so dramatic.
Little boy going damm what a bitch, stahp this is embarassing.
What a fag!
Love this! ❤️
That OOTD background tho
Lush lushness
I'm so lucky to have stayed there for my honeymoon. The most magical sunsets and evening skies. The landscape is a geological wonder! Btw, Oia is pronounced Ee-yah. Loved your vlog. Xx
😍😍😍
That place looks gorgeous!
#shoitsmash.
What about thr aegian sea?you are in a greek island and you re swimming in the pool???
another tip from Aslan travel 101: Read before you leave..📖📚✈✈
Omg that Gucci bag!!! Love your vlogs!
Estée, you've never looked more beautiful than in that flowered dress!!! ❤️
aw fab video!! 😌
absolutely looooove your dress ❤️💜❤️💜
In this video, Estee=perma-grin☺
I really want to know the bgm name of the vlog!
whys it so dark??
GORGEOUS
New de_santorini remake looks decent
That absolutely says Sexplorer!
Nice vlog. Nice place. Thank you. Good luck.
Haha loved the shoit part! Good lookin’ couple 😍
beautiful..
omg Aslan's bouche pink velvet shirt is soooooo nice!
Aslan's crocs though. yasss bisshh slay all day. 9:47
Wow, Santorini is stunning!!! 💦💦💦
I love how excited you sound about our little island!! Santorini is very unique but if you enjoyed it you should definetly come back to see other places. Kyklades have many to offer but they are in a way all the same, so I would suggest to visit Agistri, Spetses, Corfu or Samothraki. I hope you didn't have any unpleasant experience, because Greek businessman in islands usally overcharge foreign tourists. Btw Aslan mispronounced Oia but he did it in a very cute way 😛 Anywayy love you and you both looked beautiful in your matching outfits and your sunsetie light ❤
I get what you mean about smells. I am Albanian and to me south Albania by the Ionian coast has a such a beautiful smell. Woodsy and sweet. Its from a plant that grows on the mountains, don't know what it is in English.
kisses from greece!!! thanks for visiting and show our country to the world! i also promote you here hahaha take care and keep going the good work
Quick question: \nWhat mic did you all used to capture the audio, it’s so crisp and clear! :) unless that was just how you mixed it in editing
*most cutest is not good grammar but it doesn't matter, because it's true!!
you guys are the cutesttt!!!! <3
Estée girl where is your black swimsuit from? I love it! 😊
So jelly !!\nWhat camera do you vlog with??
So glad you visit  my country... I am a greek girl ... Santorini it's such beautiful place ... You also may visit other islands as kefalonia and skopelos which have so amazing beaches... There are so many other places to go in my country that you need a life time to see them all ... Your video is perfect ... Thank you for all the good thinks you showed in your vlog ... All greek people are kind and hospitable... I love mousaka too... Many Kisses #visitgreece #greeksummer ❤❤❤
The quality of this video is amazing. Aaaah santorini 💗💗
Haha hearing Aslan talk about the sunset. Someone get him a travel guide job for every single city immediately. Love him so much.
Glad you two had fun!  Wishing you and Aslan all the best!
Stunning! Can't wait to visit someday <3
Love how you pronounce Greek names! It's so cute!
Is Aslan just holding the GoPro? Because it's so steady 😐 I'm all over the place with mine
Hey! What camera is she using?
If I had to pick the best part of the video...well ok..how about all 18 minutes of it?  Yes, sure does seem like paradise.  This is akin to visual utopia.  Well, I'll pick just one highlight.  @13:05 when you were showing off that lovely outfit.  The background, the sun setting behind you.. the colors and everything...beyond breathtaking.  Also doesn't hurt that we have a wonderful couple responsible for putting such a brilliant vlog out there.  BTW..I have watched this more than once.
this is so immersive, I've been to Santorini and the places you've mentioned including a visit to the caldera (Santorini is a volcanic island) and it's so beautiful! the people are very nice too. I love you guys :-))
This is amazing! This video just re-confirmed that I want my honeymoon there!
Made me so happy I have to go now
i really love your vlog, especially with aslan on it! xx
You in that flower dress and the background.. So beautiful <3
If you want a parfume that smells like that fresh salty air in Santorini you should try Jo Malone Wood sage & sea salt. It's just the best 😍😍😍😍
Hey Estee, seeing your vlogs for years now. Aslan n u are growing so beautifully!
Feel like I need to book a holiday now
Beautiful hotel, sadly out of our budget 🙁 but thanks for sharing
The audio quality is insane!! Huge thank you!
Ohhhh my goodness. It is my number 1 dream to go to santorini. 😭😍 Sooo lucky.
So lucky!!! Makes me want to drop everything and go somewhere
So beautiful. Thank you for sharing!!!!!
Oh the memories! We went there four and a half years ago on our honeymoon and also stayed in Imorovigli. We were like the fourth to last hotel, you would have walked right by it. Man it’s beautiful. We neeeeed to go back! We did the hike right when we got there and were NOT prepared. We just went out, only brought one bottle of water, and were wearing flip flops. Whoops! We did the sunset in Oia, our hotel, and Thira and it was so amazing. Thus makes me nostalgic... thanks for the video! Shout out from Red Deer, Alberta!
esteem I'm sorry i just need to say that you are a beautiful classy lady:)
Those views are what dreams are made of!
Estee, you should really try the Korres body lotion/ shower gel in Santorini Vine! It's my favourite scent out of the whole brand, which is greek and natural ingredient based! They're amazing!!
You picked the best time go. I will say until September Santorini is packed. Enjoy!
Santorini looks like the most beautiful place 😍 xo
what a beautiful video! this made me really happy <3
16:28 Estée has the most beautiful smile ever!
So happy you two visited my country!!!!
Estee, you are glowing. Love to see you and Aslan having such a wonderful time. Some of my favorite people ever, live it up in Santorini!
was thinking you guys both uploaded the same thing! I like the part 1/2 idea. Did you both edit the vlogs together?
I need to go right now, omg, so beautiful!
googled the hotel in case one day I go to Santorini - a little outta my price range 😳
This video is amazing , you guys are adorable
It looks AMAZING! Firmly on my Greece Trip list for June xx
Oia is pronounced Ia! Have fun in Santorini from a Greek in the UK :)
Honeymoon destination.....check!... No doubt about it Santorini it is!!
Estee,try the Korres Santorini vine line....I'm sure you are gonna love it!!!!First time I tried it ,I swear to God I felt I was there......also, Oia is pronounced Ia(not aia  but ea)....(oi in Greek is called difthongos, and is one of our 5 different Is)💖
I was in Santorini last month! It is so beaufitul place, thats true!! :-)
The fresh air they were talking about reminded me of when I visited Oregon...such clean fresh air!
It is pronounced IA in greek. Weather in Greece is nice till almost Christmas time.\nBut July and August it is very hot.
I went to see how much money it would cost for me and my boyfriend to go to this hotel at the end of august next year. A week for 5.500€. So... That isn't happening. :D :D :D
In the name Oia, the O is silent so you pronounce it as if it was written Ia (capital i not l, lol)!! I am a big fan of your videos! Hope you enjoy your time in our country! Welcome! If you need any tips, feel free to contact me!
Awww, Santorini is my absolute favorite place. Love every piece of it. Have fun. xx Linda
The trail has a lot of wild oregano growing along side.
Why do you all watch these Fucktards!!! Get your own life.
I'm so glad you visited my country and had such a wonderful time. You should visit again and discover the unique beauty of many other islands as well! Lots of kisses!
You are such a cute couple.
The prices for the hotel are absolutely ridiculous!
I really really enjoyed this vlog! Now I want to go there too!!
Please break down your trip to Santorini on your blog! I do want to visit. The hotel room looked extremely claustrophobic though, so not sure I could stay there even though it looks beautiful. 😳
this trip of yours was amazing . One of the best vlogs!!!!!  loved it 😘😍
you guys are so damn perfect together UGH want.
The thumbnail is so so sweet especially you guys rarely kiss in front of the camera!
I can't stop smiling! So gorgeous.
Wow i wanna earn that much money via youtube so i plan this kind of trip as well
So glad you two had a great time in my homeland! Next time you are in Greece go to Chania. Aslan will love the history and you will absolutely love this adorable little town.
Ok, it's time for me to finally go to Greece! I've done a bit of research, since I watched your videos, and the end of September, beginning of October is a great time.
Hey Estee and Aslan! My fiancé and I visited Santorini last spring, watching your vlog made me wanna go back asap! Thinking about maybe getting married there... Who knows!
I love you guys! Couple holiday goals💖
There's a shower gel by Korres called Santorini Vine and it genuinely smells like Greece, I really recommend it! It's amazing.
If you loved the air in Santorini, I’d highly recommend going to iceland! You’ll love it, the air is so fresh
Hey random person scrolling through the comments!\nI hope you have a great day! \nFrom a Danish singer who's dream is to hit 10k subs🍀
Stunning place,and an amazing vlog :))
Fat chinky and a flabby girl....fuck off
Stream or Download the song here: https://goo.gl/YRmPcF Thanks for supporting us!
This is amazing!
Wow super cool!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Wow...
Awesome
Cover of riptide:)
This band is sooo talented.
Awesome.
LOOOOVEEEEEE ITTTTT
I love your cover!
Incredible!
White cannot.
Hahaha im say shit was hot ill creative
yaaaaaaaaaaaw that's awesome!
Hey Ya great !
Joel's dab tho😂💓
Soo good I've listened to it 100 times. I really love the how they've taken it and made it there own
This was AWESOME!!!!!!!
Awesome... Nice
love it!
The best song
You guys rock <3 :D
I love it!!!
YOU GUYS AWESOME.
Just want to... Meet ur momma 😏
Feelin fresh are ya ;)
She has nice Feet!
Incredible work! Love you guys! You're the best!
THIS IS FUCKING CRAZY!!\nOH MY GOD THIS VIDEO IS SO GOOD IN BOTH VISUAL AND MY EARS AHHHHHHHHH\nCOME TO HONG KONG PLEASE\nI BEEEEEEG YOU GUYS :(
I was expecting the dissonance of the final Ya of each chorus. It's kinda the only interesting thing of that song.
I'd LOVE to see Bohemian Rhapsody done by Walk off the Earth!!!!
Give Walk off the Earth anything and they will make music out of it! :D
You are the Best guys!!!! Congrats!
I love the girls voice! Sorry don’t know her name..😂
You are amazing! This is one of my favorite all time songs, and music videos, so I would have thought it would be impossible for anyone to cover it and make me love it, but you just proved me wrong! I will be sharing with my friends for sure!!
I like how when the dancing guy jumps off screen you can hear the thump of him hitting the ground :'D
How can somebody dislike this video?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8K0EAc3abq8\ni like you guys, but no. that was not it. cgi instruments now? i dont like it.
I a song you can do the cover of Sign Of The Times by Harry Styles.
Would you guys consider doing a tribute to Gord Downie? Rip a Canadian legend
I got a feeling bearded guy made a lot of girls happy in this one lol
As ALWAYS you guys made me grin from ear to ear!! <3 That is a real gift! <3
Check out my version of this! tell me what you think! Here is the link:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y01f8sRVTP0&t=101s\nOr you can go to my channel.. Thanks!
sometimes i wonder how someone can dislike something like this.just curious about their reason
Can't wait to see you guys LIVE in Grand Rapids, MI IN 2018!
Hey Ya! @WalkofftheEarth put it on the iTunes Store so i can buy!!
You made my day :-)
THIS is SO FUNNY HAHA
Can yo cover the song: skin
*throws guitar\n*anxiety on the rise
😍😍😍i love you guys!!!
No matter the state of mind you are in this will always make you smile. This is magnificent
I've watched this more times than I care to admit.
Guys you made my morning! Where do you take so energy? You are the best of the best of the best. Count that you have the one new fan from Ukraine. Good luck.
I have a problem! I can't stop watching this!!
THIS IS WHY I FELL IN LOVE WITH YOU GUYS
Great job, that was 15 kinds of awesome!
Next Song la da dee please! I Love yours Song 😍😘
You are awesome! I'd really love to see a video bloopers, I'm sure you have several discarded videos... And I'm also sure they would be really funny!! Thank you for sharing your art, you are really great
Thanks, I wasn't sure I was going to make it through the day! This put it all in perspective and made me smile. 😊
Can't stop listening to it! Just makes you wanna dance
okay now... this is the best. this song is bringing my smile back. AWESOME!!! This is my FAV!!!
watching this makes me happy!
never failed to amaze me.. love you guys!!
this is so good
I love the song to bits except for the 'Shake it like a polaroid picture' part. It feels very out of place with the song.
When will this be on Spotify?
I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH\nPLEASE TOUR ASIA \nTOUR THE PHILIPPINES\nTOUR MY ASS
I absolutely fucking loved everything about this.
Love this cover! And really loving Birthday Boy!
Ok, honestly, How many takes? Fantastic as always!
Why is it that every time I watch this video I find out about something else I hadn't seen before?? Love it!!
you guys are craay-zeee, crazy good :D
I dont like the original, but this ...
No idea how you pulled that off!
THE BEST, WHAT I EVER SEEN, IT WAS AMAZING AND INCREDIBLE. And I was really shocked when I listen my favourite song in yours cover, because it is not popular enough. Thank you for the good mood and unrealistic performance. I LOVE YOU SO SO SO MUCH
I want to be a part of this group so badly
That went from 0 to 100 real quick
This is next level awesome. This is what youtube is for!
allways better and better ! Thank you so much ;-)
I love all your videos! They way you make music out of anything is just amazing!!! But I have to say this has become my fav video, it's funny, happy, and cheerful, I just love it!! Besides, both bearded guys are hilarious, keep on doing this guys! You rock!
Everything about this made me happy.
awesome guys..always love your style..I'm a big fan from Malaysia..started following since you guys made the somebody that i used to know cover... MULTI-MULTI MULTI TALENTED...
Love, Love,Love this Vid !!!  <3  You Guys are so unique and super talented !
I hope this embarrassed Outkast to see actual musicians make that jingle into a good song
So cool! Amazing guys! I love bearded one! His shaking is so cute!
That video was freaking amazing! I love y'all!!
Shake it Shake it Leonidas... Best Part 😂😂😂
great tune , love the arrangement, but why the make up? you're all gorgous naturally, you dont need so much foundation!
You never fail to impress me! ;)
:-D great!!! My english is not good enough to tell you how much i love what you are doing. But be shure, i like this a lot ;-) Please visit FFM/ Germany... it is boring here.
This is fuckin awesome! Best in an world!!!!!!!🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼❤️
Thank you! You all made my day!
Okay i remember watching you guys a few years ago and watching now i see the experience really shinning through.
I love U guys. You make my day. Allways a bite of great energy and smile :)
That put a smile on my face. Pure fun.
You are awesome guys! Everything that you made is awesome! Love you!!
That was amazing. They keep getting better when i thought they couldn't be better.
We love this time of year!  Happy Nostalgia-Ween!\nGrab a signed IT (2017) Nostalgia Critic title card here - https://theawesomestore.com/index.php?dispatch=products.view&product_id=30000\nSupport this weeks charity - https://afsp.org/
23:12 what's the name of that song Doug plays over Pennywise dancing
So this came out before the country concert I'm guessing lol 😅
I think the critic DIDNT understand a movie/. Lets be honest Horror genre especially last 20 years TOTALLY SUCK.  Causes? Horror genre DIDNT combine with other genres like romantic or comedy and that's why watching modern horror movie is boring. Directors of horror movies focused to scare audience not to tell an interesting story. That's why IT 2017 doesn't focused on Pennywise, the director Musketi wanted to tell a story instead making jumpscare clip. He focused uncovering protagonists friendship who is who and their are afraid of. Pennywise is used for uniting all aspects to visualizate nightmares. And main mistake of critic is critize that Pennywise is funny. Holy f*ck.  Critic. That's why everyone love Pennywise, cause he is funny really funny. I don't know about old version Pennywise but THAT Pennywise is FUNNY/ How about that doors Scary, Very Scary, Not so scary at all? Pennywise is an epic troll. That's why dancing scene is EPIC. Best Villain since Freddy Cruger
You are nuts. The leper looked terrifying.
There is another thing that It (2017) did that It (1990) didn't do; have Pennywise live up to his name, Pennywise, the DANCING Clown. Seriously, did Tim Curry do any kind of dance in the original?
23:13 I'm a little German dancer, u is fun and gay alright, la la la la la la la (correct me if the lyrics were incorrect) 😂
This is my GNOMEstick! Excuse you
You should review the SpongeBob movie next
The new version wasnt meant to be ultra serious. Seriously where did you get that? A lot of your cirtisim also comes down to the book so.....yeah.
I get that the rockfight was possibly meant to show 'kids being kids', however the direction was just absurd, turning it into a purely comical scene. I loved the movie, but that scene and the reveal of the NKOTB poster REALLY took me out of the film. That, and giving Ben Hanscomb Mikes background as the knowledgable kid, then reducing Mike to the 'black kid carrying the gun with the non-present parents' (granted theyre dead), really grated me bigtime.\n\nLet's not delve into how Muschietti also wants to turn Old-Mike into a junkie...
If you ask me, there will *NEVER* be a perfect IT movie or remake. Why? \nBecause the original *BOOK* is terrible anyways!!
Also I think it's funny how much of a deal he made about the two 80s references while simultaneously noting that other movies do it way more, like which is it NC
For everyone who didn't get the last joke where they look in the book to see who Beverly gets with, here's the explanation:\n\nThe kids decide they needed to strengthen their bonds to each other in order to defeat Pennywise after they get lost in the sewers and are starting to panic. So Beverly has sex with each of the boys one after the other. If that sounds weird, well, that's because it goddamn is weird. King has released a statement about it but I'm honestly not sure how much I believe what it says. \n\nI wasn’t really thinking of the sexual aspect of it. The book dealt with childhood and adulthood –1958 and Grown Ups. The grown ups don’t remember their childhood. None of us remember what we did as children–we think we do, but we don’t remember it as it really happened. Intuitively, the Losers knew they had to be together again. The sexual act connected childhood and adulthood. It helps them remember what happened when they are called upon to fight again later on in life. It’s another version of the glass tunnel that connects the children’s library and the adult library. Times have changed since I wrote that scene and there is now vastly more sensitivity to those issues. Stephen King, 2013
Once again, this was a fantastic review. I'm glad the review wasn't shIT.
He always sounds like he's doing a weird al impression
Youtube's subtitles keeps saying the cinematic version is Skarsgard!
the make up job is really top notch , appreciate the extra effort
He wasnt obsessed with studying murders in the movie.  He was obsessed with reading and learning anything he could about the new town he was in.  He even comments on it while they were in his room.
Can't wait till chapter 2
it is the most overrated piece of shit movie on earth. it sucked! 4 hours of my life i will never get back. Not scary at all. Clay animated spongebob is scarier
The only thing that couldve made this video better is if you somehow got Tim Curry to reprise his role. That would've been awesome.
also i liked the red curtain start
This reminds me of Old v New! Bring it back please!!
Do a Old vs New
There wasn't even that much music to it only barley before the car came in so I don't know what your talking about
Richie is genius because he's played by Finn Wolfhard
And yet now Hollywood is making a movie about his movie. go figure
Almost to 1 million.... Doug you’re so close!\n\nEdit: By the time this comment will be found, he’ll probably already have 1 million
I kinda like IT (2017) but I never saw or read the original one so I can't be overly attached to this and can funny to me
the only thing i really disagreed with was the joker point. Why not be both funny and scary, The new IT was both, the scene when he's eating an arm and then waves at mike,  The scene where  eddie broke is arm and IT uses his arm to smack himself with it was both funny and scary depending on who you talk to.
That intro is very familiar to a certain outdoor concert night\n\nI love it
the movie was meant to be funny at sometimes like the pennywise dance was meant to give you shivers and laugh in suspense the movie gives you laughs and horror
Ok so I did love and enjoy this video and the film, but as for why the fact that Pennywise is still funny, it works for him. Like be honest irl if a fucking clown started vainglorious ta you with a severed arm with a smile on his face, you'd be freaking out as well as thinking that wait this is bat shit nuts why aren't we laughing.
Am I the only one who thinks that a good example of crappy effects was the projector scene? I'm mostly talking about when Pennywise pops out of the projector and attacks the kids, he's just so rubbery and fake looking there. When the woman turns into Pennywise, it looks fine, actually it looks great. But it's stuff like the projector attack, and the dance that makes me not take this film too seriously. not as silly as the miniseries, but still pretty silly.
Who knew hyper fan girl would be the next movie theater shooter? 😱😱😱
i actually came up with a better plot for why she was taking and why they kept her alive that would follow the books better and make more sense. like show that he father was being controlled by it to give her a fear of something when she fights backing beating her fear it has to improvise and decides to take her thinking him showing himself is enough to make her afraid. back in the lair when it finds out she doesnt fear him he tries to transform into different things to make her afraid, random monsters but she lets it be known that no matter what it does to her the losers will stop him. so it gets a idea, believeing the losers are the source of her strength he tells her he will kill them one by one in front of her. this slowly makes her afraid since she fears for her new friends. it lets the kids know it has her using the bullies help. they come down all the crap happens and when they see her floating instead of a kiss waking her up the chubby one recites the poem. he tries to invoke a feeling out of her thats not a trope. the last bit with it fighting them pissed me off because it basically kids beating on a clown with a pipe. none of the mystical aspects of it showed or did he use his trademark fear other than changing what his face looks like. i would have fixed it by flooding the floor with the garbage acting as a type of island. the kids cant see it but hes using the water to hide and attack like how he did in the basement scene. in this scene he can turn into the different monsters even the shark one or zombies from earlier. the ending can be the same with it jumping out of the water to catch one of them and do the ill just take him scene. then realizing it is afraid of them empowers them. however after finding the dead kids and crazy parents being how they are the kids are forced to move afterward away from dairy. there was like 18 bodies floating down there some of them partially eating so yeah people fucking leave.
How did you get Nicolas Cage to play Pennywise 2017?
I'm just stopping the video three minutes in to say that I wasn't expecting an IT Crowd reference. Awesome!
Can you please do operation chromite
Very nice review and a great movie imho. However, calling the song six different ways from the cure just some upbeat 80ties song is just ignorant - to say at least! the critic is still reasonable of course - but it is THE CURE!
I loved the room reference
Why don’t you have a million subscribers yet?
Fuck, maybe the fucking kids that fucking say fuck every fucking second.
What's that song at 17:27? I'm a metal fan and that actually sounds pretty good.
But the chart says...!
Is it a film review or just a stupid channel
In it 2017 he germ seen it a guy with a mouth for a nose and a nose for a mouth
Shooting people in a movie theater is funny.
The shooting at the start was a bit insensitive... Loved the rest tho :) xx
Was I the only one who was legit disturbed by the Leper? He looked convincingly inhuman to me.
I wish they didn't do a shooting up a theater-joke.
Wow critic was so up his own ass on how he effected IT.
Ugh.... Too polarizing of a review. I'll agree that yes IT 2017 wasn't as scary as advertised, but it was definitely a better movie all around. And take me back 15 - 20 years, I'd've been more scared of the second version.
22:47 on a loop = EPIC!
Okay, I'm not even three minutes in and I have to say that BOTH of your Pennywise impressions are spot-on!! It sounds like you actually got Bill Skarsgard for the review, it's so good!
nostalgia critic. you've poo-pooed a lot of good films over the years. now you recommend this piece of trash? how much did they pay you?
please bring back old vs new
Wait, are there enough Americans who know of the IT Crowd for that, er, joke?
Pennywise 1990: We made balloons scary\nCritic: No you didn't....but this new one kinda did-\nPennywise 1990: *W* *H* *A* *T*
I want to see Tim Curry portray the joker in a movie
Critics got a point . \nI had no idea what I was supposed to feel during the blood cleaning scene and that it’s hard to find penny wise scary when it looks like he’s running to the bathroom
How come CinemaSin can show several clips directly from movies but Doug gets strikes for doing the same thing but better and less nitpicky
Doug, I think you are really funny... But I really I hate it when you under play or skim over facts because you want to be funny. You act like Bill skarsgard's Pennywise wasn't funny at all... he may not have been over the top or exaggerated as Tim Curry Pennywise was, but he was trying to be funny and not just scary. If you weren't Blind by your nostalgic love for Tim Curry than you would have realized that
Beating up tommy wiseu was the best part of the video
IT 2017 is better, IT 1990 was fucking trash
I like the new it movie better but I like the clown from the original better
Your imitation of Moss is horrible and you should feel shame for doing it
Do the real one
End credits have a who's on first homage.
...Was I the only one that liked the dancing scene?
MEME ME MEME ME MEME ME
Couldn't lure awkward fanart to Tumblr......... You clearly don't know Tumblr
MEME ME MEME ME MEME ME
Review happy death day
Wa-Ha\nWa-Ha\nWa-Ha\nWa-Ha\nWa-Ha
24:28 absolutely killed me
#IT vs Freddy Krueger
25:09 \nOh F*ck No!
Toll flot to!!!!!!!  Were. Freckling. Clown,s!!!!!!!!
kudos for the mtg cards :D
You have a fiancé Tamara...? 😰
Damn good episode! 😆
WAHA! WAHA! WAHA!
Yes!
I love it
Bloody boogers...\n-Nostalgia Critic, IT (old)
MEME ME! MEME ME! MEMEMEME MEME ME!\n\n😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Tommy Wiseau is my greatest fear
Hi
Who played bev?
The best
(H)IT
ABSULUTLY HELERIOUS
*Gasp*\n*Gasp* \nGASP!
MEME ME MEME ME MEME ME
Yeah, but does everybody float?
That meme me dace 😂
10:43 Is that Miles Upshur????
WA-HA\nWA-HA\nWA-HA